5	I simply LOVE their asparagus and fontina cheese panini!  I ask them to add ham which makes it even more tasty and filling.  I tried it with chicken once and didn't enjoy it as much.  I usually eat a half and take the other half home for another meal unless I'm really hungry.  I also love the mini cupcakes that cost only 50 cents.  Such a deal and the red velvet ones are my favorite!  Yummy!
5	This place gets five stars for the bakery and the freshness of the food.  I have to disagree with the comment on the breakfast burrito, it's no Filibertos's or Ranch Market, but it's definitely upper-crust white Arcadia people friendly.  They have black-and-white photographs on the wall, play harmless acoustic music and you don't have to worry about how to say things in Spanish.The people here are always nice and the baked goods are simply amazing.  All of the sandwiches or wraps I have had here have been delicious, and since I am a veggie, I appreciate that.  The only thing I am disappointed in is that they close at 3 p.m.  I live within walking distance of this place and wish I could get a late-afternoon snack.  But, I know how the area is, and wouldn't expect the business to survive if they tried to compete with Wal-Mart's hours.  Just visit the place.  You will be happy you did.
4	What a great find this morning. I was driving west on Thomas trying to find a quick place for a snack and as I was heading north on 40th St...there is is, Bertha's Cafe. Now that sounds good. I go in, and though it looked like it was closed , luckily it was not. I had a breakfast burrito with turkey and I enjoyed the red velvet cupcake while I waited for my food. The lemonade was decent, they went too easy on the sugar, which may be a decent thing for my health. Anyway, I had to eat and run. But I know that I will make way back there soon. The cinnamon buns looked awesome!
4	I'm truly surprised that there are only three reviews of this place. It's a great local cafe that serves up high-quality sandwiches, soups, salads, and baked goods, and from how packed it is during lunchtime, it's clear that other people agree with me. For only $6.75, you can get a half of any sandwich, a soup or salad, chips, and a mini cookie. I tried out this lunch combo, selecting the Asparagus and Havarti sandwich (with ham added) and the Harvest Salad. The salad was decent, although I must say I'm getting a little tired of the candied walnut, dried fruit, blue cheese combination - it was inventive and delicious a few years ago, but now, it just seems standard. The real standout was definitely the sandwich. The Havarti cheese and asparagus complimented each other really well, and the artisan bread was crusty and delicious. I definitely could have gone without the ham because the sandwich was flavorful without it. The staff was also very friendly, and the food came out relatively quickly given how busy the place was during the lunch rush. This place is only a 2-minute drive from my office, and I will definitely be back!
5	I think as far as breakfast goes.. you can do no beter than the unassuming, unpretentious, and cute berthas cafe.. Had the most amazing pesto, tomato, egg muffin that was completely off the hook... becoming one of my favoruite plces to eat...
5	If you're looking for a lunch salad/Sandwich, this place is great.  Not too busy, but that's good because it's very quaint.  The roost beef and bluecheese sandwich will fill your stomach and the cookie side is a nice treat.
5	Bertha's has original, tasty sandwich creations. The veggies, meats, and cheeses are always fresh and flavorful. However, the star is the incredible breads baked in this local cafe. The cookie is a great melt-in-your-mouth treat. The owner likes to make the asparagus with a spicy kick; I like it, but it is a little unusual, so one should be prepared.
5	OH MY GOSH!!! If you have not tried Bertha's Cafe, you, my dears, are sorely missing out.  Great lunch. I mean really, truly great.If I could give Bertha's 6 stars, I would, darn it.  From the adorable "scrapbook"-like table numbers they hand out, to the homey restaurant, to the mini-red velvet cupcakes, to the best pasta salad I have ever had, this place has it down to the "T".They have perfected their sandwiches, the "cracked pepper and sea salt" chips are tangified and kettle cooked, the Chicken Tortilla soup had just the right amount of "kick" to it, and the harvest salad was enough to make me come back every day.Bertha's Cafe is a quaint, quiet delicious nook of a restaurant where everything is home made, no trans fats, home made dressings, you get the gist.  They have unique sandwiches and fabulous salads that come with a bag of chips AND a cookie! Seriously! I felt like I was stealing from my grandma because it was all too good to be true.Just a tip: Get there before the end of April!  They will be closed from April 24 - June for a remodel and they will reopen on Indian School and 32nd Street (the owner told me all about it today!).  The new place will be bigger, and hopefully the restroom won't be in the back of the kitchen!
4	i cannot give this place 5 stars because i went there today at 3:30 and IT WAS CLOSED.  what business closes at 3?  REALLY?  oh phoenix, you're killing me.BUT the food (creative, delicious sandwiches and desserts), speedy service, and reasonable prices really do deserve 5 stars.  The chicken/asparagus/havarti sandwich almost killed my taste buds with its deliciousness.  i went for carry-out at a peak time (about 12:30) and TOTAL, from joining the 6-person line to walking out the door, I probably spent about 15 minutes there.  very fast service=very happy jenny.i didn't get dessert, but i will be back on a day when i'm feeling either very fit or very depressed.  maybe tomorrow, due to my 3 PM CLOSE TIME funk.  crimeny. :)
5	Having just returned from another extraordinary lunch at Bertha's I realized that I neglected to mention one of my favorite things... the cupcakes! Anyone that knows me well, is aware of my long search for the perfect little cake. Well, let me just say, forget Sprinkles, forget Tammy Coe, and just head straight to Bertha's! They have two sizes. Small tasters for $0.75 and full size beauties for $2.25. They generally have three regular rotating selections and an additional seasonal offering. Personal favorites are the Pumpkin (seasonal), the Carrot Cake, and the Chocolate. Red Velvet is almost always available, but I try to avoid anything with that much dye. These little cakes are moist (can you believe it?!! a cupcake that actually has the texture of a full size cake, instead of compressed sawdust!), taste like the real thing and not just a fancified white cake dolled up on a Saturday night, and are topped with the perfect accompanying frosting pillow. The minis are perfect for parties. They are just the right size to be considered "finger food" and will allow your guests to sample a variety of flavors. Call ahead if you have a specific request and they will generally accommodate your request. If you are a fellow cupcake-o-file, make sure you stop in and give them a try. Trust me, you won't be disappointed!  ...now I have to go wipe the cream cheese frosting off my satisfied lips!!!
5	Just a quick update... Bertha's was unable to renew their lease and will be shut down for a month or two while they move to a new location. I think they are supposed to relocate by the end of June somewhere near Indian School and 32nd St, so just make sure to call before "popping in" (I heard a new cafe may be going in at Bertha's current location).
5	I love Bertha's. I love Bertha's sandwiches so much that i occasionally choose to ignore the fact that I am allergic to gluten and I order a real, gluten-infested bread sandwich. The rest of the time I get salads, and they are so good that I don't even feel bitter about the fact that I am eating a salad only because I can't eat bread.  They also make the best Iced Mochas i have ever had. I've watched them being made and i just can't figure out why--i see the plain old Hershey's syrup going in, but there has GOT to be something else in that bottle. The staff is always friendly and helpful, and they never even bat an eyelash when i ask for my salad in a to-go box and I'm not to-going (because i like to put the yummy balsamic in it, close the lid, and shake it).Glorious. I only wish it was open on Sundays (because nothing would be better than Bertha's when you're hungover) and that it was open right now. I can't wait for the Grand Re-opening!
5	Bertha's Cafe Just opened up at it's new location, 32nd street and Indian School Rd.!!!!!  I have been going through withdrawl!!! So happy they are open.
3	I'm hoping that my visit to Bertha's was just on an off day... I really wanted to like it - and maybe I had high expectations but shouldn't I since Bertha's has a 4.5 star average on Yelp?  I've been waiting for this new location to be open for awhile now, and I finally made it in for lunch yesterday.  After studying the menu, I chose the Harvest Salad... $6 for mixed greens with candied walnuts, apples, Blue cheese, and dried cranberries - I modified and replaced the blue cheese with goat cheese and I added chicken for an extra $1.  I do not recommend the Harvest Salad.  It was mediocre at best.  The chicken was nasty... I pushed that to the side and ate the rest although the apples had little flavor.  I definitely had order envy upon seeing my friend's turkey sandwich.  That is the way to go - next time I'll for sure go with a sandwich or a soup/sandwich combo.  The cashier was extremely slow... I think it must've been her first day on the job.  We were patient though.  Hopefully she will get better with practice and the next time I visit, the process will be smoother... and I know what NOT to order now, so I'm hopeful Bertha's will live gain an additional star in my book upon my next visit.  Perhaps Berthas for breakfast is the way to go?!
4	I'd give Bertha's a 4.5 if possible. I came here with the toddler and my friend P (I've got to name them, this is just getting confusing calling them all "my friend" - I sound like a creepy priest) after a stop at Eileen where we worked up an appetite trying on clothes. We love splitting things so we figured out our order and she grabbed us a table (it was a Friday at noon so it was more like hunting season than lunch time when it came to finding a table) and I stood in line with the toddler. I ordered us both the half sandwich and salad combos. One was the salami, pesto and goat cheese sandwich with the goat cheese roasted pepper salad and the other combo was the roast beef and caramelized onion sandwich with the Thai chicken salad. The toddler was in crisis with his Daddy being in San Francisco all week for work and he had taken to random crying jags so I thought a mini red velvet cupcake would help him with his malady. Both sandwiches were delicious, though I think the salami sandwich edged the roast beef out by a hair because it came on a ciabatta roll and had goat cheese on it. I love goat cheese so much. It could make crap taste delicious. The goat cheese and roasted pepper salad was good, but the Thai peanut chicken salad was PHENOMENAL! The peanut dressing was so nice and spicy. Usually menu descriptions will say the Thai dressing is spicy and it will have a little zip, but this dressing actually was. The chicken on the salad was thinly sliced and moist and tender and it came with lots of roasted peanuts. We were going to see if next time instead of a half sandwich a small salad, we could just do two small salads. There were so many on the menu that looked good. As for the cupcake, we had one more missing-daddy breakdown but the sugar kicked in and seemed to do the trick. He's a generous little man and gave a lick of the frosting and it was tasty. Next time I'd like to try a treat for myself from the pastry case. Maybe a lemon bar or something like that. What a treat to find a place that makes everything from scratch and has so many choices. We'll definitely be back and I'm already making my next choices off the menu.
4	I stumbled across this place today after shopping next door at Smarty Pant's Kids Consignment. Much to my surprise, they sold gluten free blondie bars in the bakery case! Yum. My hubby had the day-old 50% off blueberry muffin that he tells me was still very moist and loaded with real blueberries. The place was pretty busy for being in the corner of a quiet strip mall, which I always take as a good sign for any restaurant.
4	J'adore Bertha's! I always cater my lunches from this place, and my clients love me for it.  I've had post presentation sessions where in which we did a blind taste test of Bertha's red velvet cupcakes compared against Sprinkle's red velvets, and Bertha's always is the victor.  The sweets are just the right amount of sweet, not the cavity inducing sweet like Tammie Coe's stuff. Try the banana bread pudding heated up with their side of caramel sauce, and you won't be sorry!The chicken havarti panini with arugula is divine, and enough for two!  On the breakky side of life, the homemade granola with freshly cut fruit is off the hook, and less than 5 bucks.  The breakfast sandwiches are all really affordable as well.  My personal fav is the egg sandwich with applewood smoked bacon and arugula served on a fresh ciabatta roll. The coffee ain't too shabby either.  ENJOY.
4	I had just checked into the Marriott nearby and was craving something light and healthy...but then my carb-craving kicked in and I started searching for a bakery nearby.Thankfully, Bertha's had healthy options as well as decadent desserts.  I got the half sandwich/half salad lunch deal - salami, goat cheese, pesto sandwich on a baguette and mixed greens. The combo came with a small chocolate chip cookie and a bag of chips.  I decided to try the mini red velvet cupcakes to satisfy my sweet tooth.  The lunch was huge in portion and the cookie made me wish I had gotten a giant one instead.  The cupcake...well, it was ok.  Maybe b/c it was a mini, the cake was a bit dry and the cream cheese frosting wasn't thick enough for my taste.  The sandwich was probably the best I've had in awhile.  I don't usually order salami since it's so fatty and high in sodium but it was very yummy and the saltiness was nice balanced by the cheese and pesto.  I'm going to try to make my own when I go home...maybe a healthier version...nah.
1	Wow, what a disappointment Bertha's turned out to be.First off, they need to take the sign down from their old location, which I went to, and drove around like a chicken with its head cut off looking for the place.Second, their online menu is not current. I went here because of the tasty-sounding Buffalo Chicken wrap which they no longer have. (The menu picture that someone posted on Yelp is way too tiny to read)Third, they forgot my fruit salad ($3) which I didn't realize until I had drive all the way home. I called to inform them of their mishap and the woman on the phone was confused as to what they forgot. She kept asking me what I ordered and didn't understand that THEY FORGOT MY FRUIT SALAD. Ugh. Annoyed.Fourth, my salami was served on a stale ciabatta, It was overloaded with goat cheese on one half and skimped on the other.  The amount of salami was skimpy as well.Fifth, the sandwiches don't come with chips.  I am a firm believer that all sandwiches should come with a side, and I am grateful to places that include them in the price.Sixth, the red velvet cupcakes were dry and the frosting was mediocre.  Not cream cheesy at all.6 mishaps and Bertha's gets one star. On a good note, their cookie that came with the sandwich was delicious, as was their passion tea.Don't waste your time.
1	Well. that sucks. stale bread. no chips. mediocre service. eh. whats all the hype about? Oh and ps- when and I call and tell you I ordered a fruit salad and I didn't get it, it's not rocket science. Just say I can come back and get one. Don't get all confused and argue with me just because your brain can't compute the words I am saying!? Rude! Better luck next time.** for those of you that have a problem with my review, feel free to email me and ask any questions you like. I wrote this review by MY own means, and based on MY own experience**A couple things I forgot to have mentioned, was their way over priced baked goods. The cupcake I got was so oily I could barely choke it down, and the iced tea was so overwhelming I had to poor half of it out and add water. Maybe, I went on an off day, maybe not, but this is my experience of this establishment. Take it or leave it.
5	I look for four things when I go to eat: easy parking, clean place, and a great breakfast at a modest price. Berthas has all the above. They have more parking than the place needs. The place is nice looking and clean. You can eat inside or outside. Inside has some nice looking art work on display as well as a hot skinny owner. The breakfast is really good, and fills me up. I try to top off my meal with an English breakfast cookie when I can. So when I am in the neighborhood I go to Berthas.
2	I don't know why I do this to myself...How long does it take to make a bowl of delicious and nutritious oatmeal, complete with cinnamon, nutmeg, maple, raisin's...you know something good for me?I'll tell you how long...exactly 180 seconds...from scratch:)But, I got busy this morning and forgot...again!So I ran all morning long on nothing but coffee (which would be enough, some days...but not today:)By the time I got done with power yoga (on an empty stomach), I was feeling decidedly in need of some serious retox...but I didn't go that way:)I decided to try to eat something a little bit healthy...for a change:)And, since I hadn't been to Bertha's in a couple of years, and they have their new location opened up, I dropped by Bertha's to grab a sandwich re-fortify me:)I liked Bertha's prior incarnation, over behind the post office at 40th and Thomas, and I was pretty regular customer there for a couple of years.This location, this version (Bertha's - version 1.5...it can't possibly be what they intended, and must therefore be a mid-release version), is lacking in few areas:* Service - I used to appreciate that I was greeted with smile and a  "hi" when I walked in:)...not at Bertha's - v1.5...no "hello"...no "how can I help you"...no response to my "hi"...just a vacant stare until I decided what I was going to have, then writing followed by the total...that was it, followed by a shouted "ORDER" to the kitchen:(* Quality - I appreciated that they always paid attention to details, and that my sandwiches, soup, baked treats, whatever, were always well prepared and tasty...When I got my Ham and Cheese Panini (to go...I was a little busy), no bag check and no napkins when I looked in the bag:(...I asked for them and was handed a wad of napkins with little more than a grunt...I headed down the road and opened up the sandwich...took one bite and found ice crystals in the middle of the ham:(...semi-warm on the outside and still frozen inside (or did the definition of "Panini" change while I wasn't looking?)* Atmosphere - I liked the old space...I realize that Bertha's - v1.0 was small, but it was nice:)...the new release, Bertha's - v1.5 space looks and feels like the "remodeled on a budget" second hand clothing store that this space probably was...not a great room and not well done on the remodel...I was waiting for my sandwich and thinking "why were they closed for 5 months?...I could have done this remodel all by myself over a long weekend, for about $200, including the apartment white paint for the walls"I made a completely legal U-Turn (as far as you know) and went back to Bertha's - v1.5, and asked them, about the ice in my Panini:(No "oh, I'm sorry", no "can we make you another?"...just the blank stare from counter girl...I suggested another attempt at Panini-ing my panini...she took it back to the kitchen, where I heard "It's still cold" and returned a couple of minutes later with my Panini (easily identifiable by my bite marks on the corner of the panini...They microwaved the friggin' thing!!! :-(I headed back to my car, and tried to eat my Panini...do you know what microwaving does to thick crusted Italian rolls?...It turns the crust to concrete, is what it does.I was starving and I still only managed to get through about  1/4 of the Panini.I think I am going to wait until the next release of Bertha's, to reload.It could be that both Bertha's - v2.0 and Windows 7 will surprise and delight me...but I have my doubts.
3	Bertha's is yummy but is the slowest place I have ever been for lunch.  Even if you beat the crowd....and there is a huge crowd...you still seem to wait 30 minutes for your food.  The food is incredible.  Love the sandwiches and salads and love the place but I have decided only to go on off times.  Everyone I have taken there gripes about the wait but raves about the food.  C'mon Bertha...you're slammed at lunch b/c people love you, let's get some efficiency going in the kitchen.
5	Bertha's Cafe is full of tasty treats at very reasonable prices.  The Cafe has an airy, welcoming vibe to it that makes you feel that you are among friends, even when you are there just grabbing a quick sandwich between appointments (like I was).   My favorites at Bertha's are the Asparagus & Havarti Panini, the Curried Chicken Salad Salad, and the coconut bars.I also like that Bertha's roasts their meats in house and that they try to use local ingredients and vendors whenever possible.
4	I was told by a coworker that I needed to try Bertha's Cafe.  "The sandwiches are decadent" he said.  Really!!!  I will be the judge of that mister man.   I had some time today so I picked up a friend and headed to Bertha's.  It is located in a busy strip mall at 32nd St. and Indian School Rd on the NW corner.  The cafe is located in the corner of the strip.  There was outside seating but we chose to sit inside.  As soon as you walk in you are greeted by a bake case with all sorts of goodies.  I forced myself to look at the menu and not be tempted by the sweet goodness in front of me.  I ordered the Salami Pesto and Goat Cheese sandwich.  ($6.50 y'all)  My friend ordered the Asparagus and Havarti Panini.  We grabbed a table and started to chat.  I looked around at the decor and it wasn't trying to be fancy.  The accent wall was really dark and the opposite wall was lighter.  I liked the color of the lighter wall.  It had pictures of nestled market streets in Europe and I wondered if the people in those pictures would ever know they were featured in a cafe in Phoenix Arizona.  They looked like personal photographs blown up and framed.  They were cool.  Our wait was not that long.  Our sandwiches came out and they came with a cookie.  A small cookie.  My sandwich was savory.  Salami, goat cheese, pesto, sundried tomatoes, and mixed greens.  Capitol D for delicious.  I loved my sandwich.  My friend enjoyed her veggie panini as well.  My friend is not eating sugar so I got her cookie.   GOOD Cookie!!! nom nom nom nom!!!!!  Damn,  I am going to have to try other items from the bake case now.  I had a nice time at Bertha's Cafe and I am going to tell my coworker about my experience and thank him for the good tip.  Another good option folks!!!!  Check out Bertha's Cafe.
5	Delicious is all I can say. From the delectable cookies to the tasty sandwiches and salads, this gem is one everyone should visit for lunch.
5	Love Bertha's! My husband is a regular here and probably hates me reviewing his well kept secret, but Bertha's is just so tasty that I can't resist. Their sandwiches are phenomenal , but for those of us who feel the need to eat salads but never feel satisfied, you will love the salads here. They're nicely sized portions will fill you up and not leave you feeling quily. If you go at lunch, get there early. The line starts getting long around 11:30. The only negative thing about this restaurant are the people who let their co-workers cut in line during the lunch rush. Does this bother anyone else out there???
5	This place is the best lunch spot I have been to in a long time. The asparagus sandwich is legendary and the bread is always fresh and tasty. Only been there a few times but everything I have had was worth commenting about ( even the P.B. & J).Just moved to a new location that is a bit out of the way but worth the journeyOne of the finds close to the Arcadia area that is a good Friday work lunch and a place to introduce your friends to. Lots more to try and place worth doing a second review about.
5	I love this place...I also love Smarty pants next door. I always get the Spicy chicken salad.  Always fantastic. One day I found a lady bug in my yummy salad. (perfect for south beach, by the way)  Beth(Bertha) was so embarrassed and added that the salads were organic.. I mentioned that I would rather find a lady bug than a pubic hair.  She laughed...wish I would have gotten the salad compted (sp?).  But that's cool, I still love the place and their salads.
4	Great lunch spot, good sandwich and salads. The asparagus sandwich is my favorite!
4	What a nice find, 5 minutes from my home.  My breakfast was really great.  I had the egg sandwich with roasted tomatoes and pesto with my typical iced americano.  YUM!  There was no wait at 10am on a Saturday morning.  No line.  Tables open.  Good food.  YES!  I'll be back.
4	So good--the breakfast burrito is a great way to start any morning, and their coffee is excellent.  I love to give folks a box of their mini-cupcakes as a present because it usually means that they will share one with me.  Go to Bertha's.
5	These days I dream about two things food wise: A Sprinkles red velvet cupcake [which I swear have some habit forming delishushness] and the Salami, Goat Cheese, Pesto sandwich from Bertha's [cue singing angels]. Ge.Ni. Us. Fresh delicious ciabatta roll, yummy stack of salami with goat cheese and pesto, topped with mixed baby greens. An unusual and AMAZING combination. Crazy good. Nice menu, freshy fresh ingredients and in my work 'hood. Am devoted.
5	We use Bertha's at work for lunch catering and they are always on time, affordable and delicious.I always make sure to order myself an additional sandwich/salad combo when they deliver.So to start, Bertha's is FANTASTIC.Some of my favorite sandwiches:Roasted turkeyPesto chickenRoast beef and blue cheeseChicken curryTheir harvest salad and thai chicken salads are also fantastic.I'm a fan!
4	I generally avoid cold roast beef sandwiches because the meat is either way to rare and grosses me out or way too thick, fatty and chewy but the promise of blue cheese drew me in and I'm so glad! I did a 1/2 sandwich and salad combo ($7.50) and opted for the roast beef and blue cheese which has delicious sweet and sour caramelized red onions and peppery arugula to elevate the flavors from "packing a punch" to "round house kick." I wish I hadn't been so motivated by the blue cheese that I would've noticed there was mayo - something I'll have to remember to ask them to hold next time... makes sense to have it but I just don't dig mayo, with the rare exception. For my salad -- still cheese beckoning -- I enjoyed roasted red pepper, goat cheese, sun dried tomato and pesto on a bed of mixed field greens. There were a variety of cool chip flavors (and, of course, the standards). Bertha's was on my radar because they always have a plate of Bertha's cookies out where I get my hair done. You also get a 2-bite cookie with your lunch combo. It was a yummy double chocolate of some sort. I just wish I could've picked my flavor! An important note about the roast beef on this sandwich: it was so moist and tender. It had a lovely rosy pink to it. Memories of my sandwich inspired me to look for roast beef while getting groceries this weekend but the selection did not compare... so it made me wonder: will Bertha sell me a half pound of roast beef to go?
5	All I can say is that their Asparagus and Havarti panini is to die for. It is very rare when I actually am filled when eating a sandwich. I almost had to save the other half, but couldn't resist the deliciousness.
5	My friend needed something to do while her car was getting worked on and she owed me a meal, so we both came to try out Bertha's.  A friend had recommended it and because it is tucked away in a shopping center, I had never had the opportunity to dine here.  First off, the place is adorable with a counter full of fresh baked goods.  The breakfast menu is small, but packing some heat.  I got the Brioche Egg Sandwich which came with pesto, argula, baked eggs and bacon.  Everything was right about that sandwich.  Their lunch menu looked even more appetizing.  The best part is that all of these triumphant sandwiches are between $5.50 and $7.50.  Cheap, delicious, and a certifiable local business.  Count me in, Bertha.
4	If there were more quirky/non-corporate places like this hiding around AZ, this state would be so much better. Unfortunately for us, there are few. Fortunately for Bertha's, they are one of them and will surely capitalize on that for years to come. This place doesn't look like much on the inside or the outside but the food makes you forget all that superficial stuff right when it hits your eyes. I tasted the Thai Chicken Wrap and the Chicken Curry wrap and both were tasty, large, and well worth the cheap prices that we paid for them. The wraps even came with a perfect little cookie....not that I needed it because I had a huge Cream Cheese Fudge Brownie sitting in front of me!!!!!! This place was already good enough and then you add Cream Cheese Brownies, Candy Bar Brownies, Lemon Bars, Peanut Bar Brownies, Pumpkin Cheesecake, House Made Doughnuts....etc....you see where I am going with this. Their pastry/dessert selection is worth stealing out of your Grandmother's purse for. And you won't need to take much, everything is affordable if not cheap. So I'm going to say 4 stars!!! It loses a star for its lack of service. There really was no service and no friendliness to go with the amazing food.
4	One of the best places for lunch in town.  My favorites are the Havarti and Asparagus sandwich and the Thai Chicken Wrap.  It can get busy around lunch time but that's a good sign.  DO NOT MISS THE BAKED GOODS!  They are some of the best in town.  Their former location was a bit cuter in decor and more intimate so it doesn't get a full 5 stars from me but I would definitely recommend Bertha's!
4	This place is a little gem in East Phoenix.  The food is a delight, the atmosphere a pleasure, and their signature sandwich is a winner:Asparagus and Havarti SandwichAll other items on the menu are great as well ( I have had most), and I particularly like the side of pasta salad.  What is in it that is so good?  I don't know, but I love it.
5	Hand's down one of the best Apple Pies in town.  I've never actually eaten the sandwiches which appear interesting and delicious (clearly freshly made).  I generally run in here for a quick sugar pick me up back to the office.  The large display case will showcase large slices of cake, cupcakes and pie.  They are also selling mini-cupcakes in case you are feeling guilty about the sugar/fat thing.  I've never had a baked good here that wasn't delicious.  But seriously, try the pie.  A great mix of apples, cinamon and somehow the crust stays crispy without that weird feeling that you are ingesting too much shortening (which is my love/hate/complaint issue with Marie Callendar's pies).  Yummy goodness and you can get it by the slice.  A slice of heaven for about four bucks.  A better use of my lottery money than usual.
5	THIS PLACE IS AWESOME!!!The food is delicious, affordable and made with great, natural ingredients.  I especially love the chicken curry wrap and the brioche sandwich.  I highly recommend this place to anyone! You won't be disappointed! :)
4	I can think of nothing I enjoy more for lunch than a well-crafted, hot sandwich. Bertha's sells a mean panini, and I can't bring myself to order anything but the one that features asparagus. It's that good. My wife surprised me with the asparagus panini on Valentine's Day, and it was the perfect gift.For those of you who like sweets, this place has some fantastic cookies and dessert bars.
5	I've been coming here since before they moved to the bigger location. Awesome sandwiches, soups and baked goods -- the bread pudding with caramel sauce is amazing.  Most of the time, I get an asparagus panini with ham and follow it with the bread pudding.  Staff is friendly and service is fast.  Always a crowd at lunch, so get there early!
5	I first heard about Bertha's Cafe through a friend of mine who gets their work lunches catered by them.  It's been 2 years since that day, and I've been going there almost every weekend since.It's a nestled little spot just off of Indian School next to a tire shop, so it's pretty hard to spot from the street.  Once you park and enter the shop you'll notice the awesome Cheesecake's and side dishes on display in their outside cooler.For Sandwiches:1st pick: Asparagus and Harvati Sandwich (add Chicken)2nd pick: Salami with Pesto and Goat Cheese SandwichFor Salads:1st pick: Goat Cheese and Red Bell Pepper Salad2nd pick: Harvest SaladAlso, try any of the following desserts:- Any cheesecake- English Breakfast- Red Velvet mini-cupcake
5	I live no where near this place & have gone out of my way to eat there MANY times! I haven't been since it moved (bc I had no idea where they went) but it looks like it's bigger so that's great. I even made it a point to take an out of town friend here. I don't know about the new place but the old place was kind of a hole in the wall diner feel (in a good way). It can get really busy at lunch, so I don't recommend it for a lunch break from work. I did that once, and got in and out just fine, but it's a lot more fun without the time crunch. Everything is delicious, but the mini red velvet cupcake is always a must!
5	I have ordered catering from here several times for my firm's weekly luncheons and Bertha's is always a hit!! - Their food is always fresh and delish.- I like that their menu is "different" (in a good way) from other plain ol' sandwich places like Subway or Pugzies or Paradise - they have some unique choices!- They have really good prices for catering - you get great quality food without breaking the bank. - The pasta salad is the best I have ever had.
5	I love Bertha's. I admit, when I first came to Bertha's, I wasn't sure it was 5-star worthy. Mainly because my personality causes me to be skeptical of what everybody says is so awesome, however, I went again and found that I started craving the food there. Now I am a regular and you can usually find me there on Saturday morning enjoying my delicious breakfast wrap (which is one of my favorite by far). There are lots of delicious choices - The Thai Chicken Wrap, Salami Pesto Goat Cheese, and the Roast Turkey are my most frequents. All of the bakery items are delicious. I love the cookie that always comes with the lunch sandwiches! So good!The staff is always wonderful and very friendly. The whole experience is always great.
4	This little hidden gem has the best sandwiches. A cute unassuming bistro with cafe seating. I had the roast beef sandwich and it had those magical ingredients that make it taste so much better than if you tried to make it yourself at home. Reasonably priced too. Very good!
4	Whenever I find myself in the vicinity of 32nd Street and Indian School near lunchtime, which is pretty much if I'm seeing my dentists nearby, I decide it's best to stop at Bertha's for grub. It's inevitable to undo the good cleaning I just got. Mind as well do it with a tasty Bertha's sandwich!Last time, I had the asparagus and havarti sandwich. I couldn't sink my teeth into it until I got back to the office. So worth it. The bread was perfectly toasted. Not sure where they get their bread but it was nice and thick. The asparagus was cooked very tender, likely in olive oil. Pesto mayo was flavorful. I think the price of about $7 with a bag of chips and a mini cookie is reasonable for the quality. Just typing this I wish it were nearby now. I haven't tried any of their salads or baked goods. But I like how they offer mini cupcakes for 75 cents. I give Bertha's two thumbs up.
5	This is a great place for fresh sandwiches and bakery goods! We stop in as much as we can!
5	Bertha's is awesome. Especially...ESPECIALLY...those little cookies they give you with every sandwich. Holy moley.Oh, and I think they changed some of the bread on the sandwiches, but it's for the better. I salute you for your bread change, Bertha's!
4	While the red velvet cupcakes may be mini (and good for my portion-challenged self) they couldn't be more delish!! The half asparagus and havarti panini and half harvest salad were an equally flavorful lunch option. But desserts clearly steal my heart away.
5	BEST turkey sandwich I have ever had...
4	I can't get enough of Bertha's Cafe and often find myself ordering lunch to go from here about once a week.  My go-to favorites are the chicken chopped salad (I request the baslmic dressing which I like better than the green godess dressing) or the mini grilled cheese with a side salad.  And they usually have fresh, homemade donuts sitting at the counter that I can't pass up.  Their mini cupcakes are a great treat as well.I'm looking forward to trying this place for breakfast as all of the menu items look delish.Don't be fooled by it being in a strip mall - when you walk-in it's a charming little cafe with a bakery case filled with homemade desserts.
4	Not being from Phoenix originally, I am still trying to get used to gems being tucked away in strip malls. I live near here, and can't tell you how many times I have driven past, I'm pretty sure sure I have even WALKED by the doors, and somehow managed to miss Bertha's.  Oops.Just had the turkey sandwich. Delish! Comes with bacon, avocado, and other yummy stuff. The bread was nice and soft, and the portions are generous, I took the other half home for later. I am still searching for a bakery that has asiago cheese bread like my hometown bakery, but this sourdough and the REAL turkey will be a great stand in. I will definitely be back...great little mini cookies too!  :)
5	The best sandwiches ever! The grilled asparagus sandwich is so addicting. In fact I am craving it right now. It has pesto mayo, Havarti, grilled red peppers, grilled asparagus all on a ciibatta roll. OMG!
4	I have ate here twice.  Very convenient location at 32nd st. and indian school.  The first time I ate here was about 1 year ago and I had the Thai wrap.  It was not very good in my opinion and had no thai flavor at all.  So I didn't go back.  Then I just went 5 days ago out of convenience to grab n go back to my office.  I ordered what is now my favorite turkey sandwich in all of Phoenix.  I'm definitely a fan.  I'm reluctant to order anything else.  There is a long wait for your food, but it's always busy, and good food takes time.  I can care less for the cookie but I'm not much of a sweet tooth.  So go to bertha's, and just get the turkey sandwich!
5	Great food, great service. Yummy soup and salads, can't go wrong at Bertha's!!!
5	I'm giving Bertha's a 5 star rating simply because I have yet to find a better Turkey sandwich. Toasted bread, real turkey, avocado, thick crunchy bacon, and pickled onions...ooohhhhhhhhhh the pickled onions, the perfect hint of sweetness to finish off an epic sandwich. Everything always tastes fresh and light. It's fairly safe to say that they know what they're doing when it comes to tasty food. My favorites are the Roasted TurkeySalami, Pesto, and Goat CheeseThai Chicken Wrap And for the mornings the Breakfast Wrap
5	We went to Bertha's Cafe today after reading such great reviews, and it did not disappoint! The place was packed on a Saturday afternoon, but our service was prompt and we got our food within 10 minutes. I got the famous Asparagus and Havarti panini with ham, my husband got the Salami, Pesto and Goat Cheese sandwich with the pesto pasta salad. I tell ya, these folks have pesto DOWN--it is absolutely delicious and we enjoyed our meals greatly, and had plenty lefty over to take home! I also enjoyed the Watermelon Lemonade as a nice, refreshing drink on the very hot day!We got a Candy Bar Brownie to go and it was equally delicious when we shared it much later that evening--brownie, topped with a light peanut butter frosting, chocolate and caramel drizzles and peanuts halves. Yum! Thumbs up to Bertha's!
4	the mini cupcakes are great for sharing!the sandwiches are delicious and make for two meals!
4	Excessively cute.  Majorly Fresh.  Tasty (almost) to the Max.I had the Asparagus Panini and added ham to it.  It was delicious.  I even tricked my son into eating half of it, and he does not like asparagus at all.  SCORE ONE FOR CHILD NUTRITION !!!The Club sandwich was...well...a little bit average.  I know some of you have raved about it, but I'd give it only about a 6.5 and the Panini about a 9.2 on a 10 scale.The only reason Bertha's does not get the 5th star is that the Cream Cheese Brownie was not better than the Pillsbury ones I can make myself at home.We shall return, and more than once.  Kudos !!!
5	I visit Bertha's Cafe for lunch or breakfast at least once a month. Food is outstanding! Value is excellent! I love supporting the small business owners that provide great food for a great price. I never leave hungry.
4	Nice small sandwich shop.  Nice owner, sandwiches and treats.   It is so nice to have a local place.
4	Delicious spot for a quick bite. AND... It's next door to my favorite consignment store "Smarty Pants"!Their "yogurt parfait" is so, so delish.They are a little pricey but the food quality is comparable.Their passion iced tea is perfect too!
4	The location is tucked in a corner in the plaza.  We almost missed it.  It is this little cute place and dishes up awesome desserts and food.  I had the Sausage and Egg Sandwich (Sausage, cheddar cheese and mayo.  Served on a English muffin with baked eggs).  The muffin was so soft it was GOOD.  The flavors all just worked together to make my mouth happy.  We ordered a plan cheesecake for my mom's 60th bday.  We will get to dive into that tonight.
5	I ordered the salami pesto and goat cheese sandwich and my taste buds will never be the same. It was the best sandwich I have ever had. Like I'm talking about a life changing sandwich here. Try this place. You definitely will NOT regret it. Oh and don't forget a dream bar at the end!
5	Great food, great service, great twist on traditional style sandwiches.  Can't say a negative thing about it.
4	Yummy, tried for the first time today...Tried the breakfast torta; great to start the day...Also, bought some brownies, red velvet whoopie pie and cinnamon roll (only on SAT)...Looks like they hae some great sandwiches...Will be back!!!
5	Delicious baked goods, donuts were still warm and the egg brioche sandwich was awesome. I wish this place was in my home town. The cafe is tucked in the corner of the shopping plaza so you have to look for it but it is a wonderful find.
5	Y-U-M!  Bertha did not disappoint.  Both my friend and I had the asparagus and havarti panini based on the reviews (added chicken), and we both LOVED it.  It was very tasty, a huge portion, and super quick.  I will definitely be back when I'm in the area.
5	Our administrative assistant at work is a big fan of Bertha's.  And now, I am, too.  She's ordered in lunch from Bertha's a couple of times.  The first time, it was the Thai chicken salad, which I loved.  Today, we had two salads and a sandwich tray.  I don't even like sandwiches.  I helped myself to both salads, and picked up a sandwich, intending to dismantle it and eat the meat and cheese.  Inexplicably, I took a bite of the sandwich, and said "OMG!  This is so good!"  It was the turkey w/bacon and avocado sandwich.  My friend seated directly to my left said, "Let's go to Bertha's and order more of these after lunch."  They were truly that good.  The salads were both great, too.  I think we'll be frequenting Bertha's a lot in the immediate future.
4	This sweet little cafe is reasonable and always does a great job with catering.  The food is always top notch and I have never had a problem with the quality or their service.  It is great to have a catering option that is both affordable and delicious.  Surprisingly, I have yet to visit Bertha's outside of work, but judging by their catering I know that the food is going to be great once I do.
5	I tried Bertha's Cafe from a groupon.  WOW!!!  Is the only word there is to describe how fabulously tasty the food is.  I tried both the chicken pesto and the ham and havarti panini and the chocolate chip cookie.  The pesto on the chicken pesto sandwich was seasoned perfect, and the chicken is tasty and juicy without being dry.  The ham and havarti panini combination on this sandwich couldn't have been better.  I ate the chocolate chip cookie while I was waiting for my order.  I had planned on saving it for later, but one bite led to another and then another and it was gone before I left with my sandwiches.  And I usually am pretty good about exercising self-control, esp. when it comes to food.  Next time, I'm not even going to take a bite of my cookie so I can REALLY save it for later!!
4	I had been meaning to try this place out after moving to the area and reading all of the rave reviews about the food.  Finally, after a living social deal giving half off prices I made it in and was absolutely blown away.  Not only are the prices much more than reasonable, the food is DELICIOUS.  Fresh and tasty, I have never had such a reasonable breakfast that tasted so delicious.  The only thing that I found wrong with the place was that FOX news was playing on the television.  All of their deserts in the display case looked so wonderful I was very tempted to give up on my diet to try the pumpkin cheesecake.  I'm glad I resisted or I may never go back on a diet again.  I will definitely be returning and soon.
5	This little place is great!  I just tried it today with friends of mine at lunch...it's a cute little cafe and they bake all their baked goods...I only had the little red velvet cupcake but the frosting was delicious and the cake was so moist...the bread pudding looked awesome too but I didn't get to try it,,,I had this amazing fresh salad with chicken, blue cheese, avocado with a balsamic vinaigrette...it was awesome!  I wanted to try the thai chicken wrap because it looked yummy...I cannot say anything negative it was great!  I will be back!
5	I am giving them five stars because the quality is extremely high here and everything is very yummy.  The red roasted peppers and goat cheese salad is phenomenal.  I have it with chicken on top and it is delicious.  They are also very reasonably priced especially when you consider the quality and freshness. This is a great little place in an unassuming strip that is a gem here in phoenix and a must try.
5	This is one of our new favorite places to eat.  You can get food to go, pre-order, or dine-in.  Great location. Awesome baked goods.
5	This morning we picked up tortas for our road trip; huge value with salami, ham, spinach, and roasted peppers. So very yummy and reasonable. Note to all - it is impossible to just have one small bite of her baked goods (blonde brownie!) The baked goods are addictive.
5	I love Bertha's Cafe! I go there often for lunch as it is near my work. Their food is fresh, tasty, and reasonably priced! My favorite is the half sandwich half salad combo which comes with a mini cookie and bag of chips. I usually get the roasted turkey sandwich and the chopped salad for my combo and it's great! Lots of ingredients, lots of flavor. I've tried almost everything on the menu and it's all wonderful.
5	Excellent lunch!  We were in the area and based on the reviews, I figured it's worth a try.  The club sandwich, and the asparagus & havarti panini were both excellent.  And the delicious cookie was a nice touch.Its a small cafe with like 10 or 15 tables.  You order at the counter and they bring your food.  The coffee is self serve.  There's a nice sandwich selection, along with salads, soup, and some breakfast sandwiches.  Not to mention all the bakery items.The food is fresh and tasty.  And a good value... the sandwiches are under $7.It was definately worth the try.  We don't get to this area much, but Bertha's just might be worth a special trip!
4	My hubby and I tried this place out last weekend.  The atmosphere was cute and cozy.  Decor is very rustic and inviting.  The food was tastefully prepared.  He had the chicken pesto sandwich and I had a tuna sandwich with the chopped salad.  I agree with one of the other reviewers when they said this is not just your run of the mill salad.  The salad was packed with flavor and delicious!  We will definitely be enjoying this little spot again.
5	Killer sandwiches and dill potato salad that set my world on end.I wish I had known of Bertha's while I was in town for a long period of time because I would have eaten here everyday.  I went for the blue cheese roast beef sandwich which was a magical meal.  Lightly toasted bread, slightly sweet mustard mayo, fresh veggies and the most beautiful sliced roast beef I have seen in a long time, this sandwich was nothing short of awesome, damn it was good.  As a side I got the dill potato salad, this stuff is NOT your grandmothers potato salad, this is what your grandmother should have been giving you.  Holy wow, creamy dill potato greatness.  I am going to have to figure out how to get this out to me in LA.The deserts looked great and the little chocolate brownie cookie gave me an idea of how good the other offerings most likely are.Bertha's is awesome, fresh sando's, salads, wraps and potato salad that will redefine the potato.  Bertha's please open a location in LA, I will keep you afloat!
5	My client took me there yesterday, its one of his favorite spots. I wish I had listened to him earlier. I had a salad with blue cheese and mini grilled cheese (blue cheese and havarti on just right crisp sour dough). Both were outstanding. My client had the roast beef and blue cheese sandwich. It was piled high with beef. He gave me a sample and it was also terrific. I'm taking my son there today to try something new. No more taking my lunch with me to my client's. Glad I go to his place every week so I can lunch at Bertha's!
5	Just one lunch visit to this oddly angled and hard to find storefront, and I'm convinced Bertha's value and attention to detail exceeds that found at more heralded, pricier luncheonettes. Fresh squeezed lemonade is just that. The best potato salad ($1.95) I've encountered;  precisely softened baby reds dusted in dill and not too much mayo. Hefty, succulent curry chicken wrap ($6.50), perfectly balanced and assembled, accompanied by a fresh chocolate nut cookie.  $4 turkey chili, which was either 16 or 20 oz, and comes with nice brioche toast. It's absurd to think my mom and me conveniently lunched here for less than $20, and brought home food, whereas later that evening, after waiting half an hour for a table, my wife and I spent more than twice that at Chelsea's, for a decidedly inferior meal.
5	I had initially checked this place out a couple of months ago.  Once again we found ourselves needing some quick, delicious breakfast and decided to try this place out again.  As before it was absolutely delicious.  The one thing that surprised me this time around however was the little play area toward the back of the restaurant.  This is very impressive to me as it gave us some much needed peace prior to getting our food.  Thank you Bertha's Cafe for not only being so accommodating, but also for having such wonderful food.
5	I haven't visited Bertha in a while, but she still has quite a hold on me.  I am kind of a creature of habit, and so I usually get the same sandwich, but they have a great selection of house baked goods, sandwiches, soups and salads.  The lemonade is fresh and delicious and the staff is super nice.  It's kind of tucked back in the corner of the little strip mall it's in, so you have to keep your eyes open.  They have indoor and outdoor seating, which is great when the weather is permits.  They always have good jams playing, too.
5	Let me start of by saying I am a picky eater!!!  I am in Phoenix often and can not believe I have not found this place until now.  What a great little place to grab a sandwich or salad.I had the asparagus and Havarti panini, yum!!!  The baked goods are yummy also!  This will be a regular spot for me from now on!
4	If you talk to any real estate agent they always give the same three words of advice, location, location, location. Another dial-a-realtor-cliche is getting the worst property in the best neighborhood. Usually if you don't follow these guidelines you may have a long hard road ahead. Well So I thought, Bertha's Cafe moved from their location at 40th Street and Thomas to a hidden corner at 32nd Street and Indian School, boy was I wrong.First step through the door you will be surprised that the carpet doesn't match the drapes, so to speak. The small space is filled with charming farm and bistro tables and a large case filled with delectable baked treats beckons you for serious consideration. It seems that even at a perceived bad location, Bertha's is one of the best sandwich places that you've never heard of. Aside from the baked goods, Bertha's offers generously stuffed sandwiches, ample sized salads and a rotating soup menu.The Asparagus and Havarti Panini is Bertha's signature sandwich and for good reason, its killer. Stacked onto fresh baked MJ Bakery bread is a composition of oven roasted asparagus, roasted red peppers, pesto mayo and havarti cheese. I opted to upgrade my sandwich with slices of roasted chicken breast which took something great and made it better. The crispy edges of the grilled bread combined with the salty-sweet flavors of meat, veggies and cheese made for sandwich perfection.I am still thinking about the Club Sandwich with its roasted turkey, ham, bacon, lettuce, tomato, mayonnaise and cheddar cheese. It's a classic that has only been improved with plenty of quality ingredients.All sandwiches are simply served with a sinful chocolate cookie, so you might want to add a small side salad to your meal. I ordered the Pesto Pasta and Peas as well as the Dill Potato Salad. Both salads smelled great from the fragrance of fresh basil to the sharp earthy dill, but were a let down when the lack of salt and pepper left these both fairly bland. The problem was easily fixed with a few shakes of each.Salads are fresh and crisp starting with the Goat Cheese and Roasted Red Pepper Salad. A pile of mixed greens is topped with pungent goat cheese, sweet roasted red peppers, tart sun-dried tomatoes and savory pesto was a hit. Thai Chicken Salad was another favorite loaded with crunchy bits of carrots, cabbage, cucumbers, peanuts, green onions and bell peppers. On top was sliced chicken breast, tomatoes and served with a side of spicy peanut dressing.While I loved the chocolate cookie that came with my sandwich, I nearly had a food-gasm when I took my first taste of Bertha's Caramel Toffee Bar. The chewy madness starts with chocolate chip cookie dough then it's spiked with loads of Heath bar pieces, caramel and white chocolate chips, so wrong yet so right.I wonder how busy Bertha's would have been opened in a prime location? With a lunch line nearly out the door on my last visit, one can only imagine.
4	Best breakfast sandwich I have ever had. I have been meaning to try this place from the word of mouth of friends and co-workers but finally have went 3 or 4 times since then for breakfast. They have a brioche egg sandwich which made me drop the cynical view that breakfast sandwiches are all pretty much the same. Right after this I have tried the B.E.L.T from Postino which is also quite epic but still cant beat it out. The orange juice I had was quite good also.I am not a fan of coffee shops for dining experiences since they are small and too similar to fast food places for me so I tend not to go to places that have good food like Acacia Cafe when I want to dine in. This place is a small shop with some tables and some patio areas and the food is spectacular and I would recommend you pick some up or dine in if on the go. Don't sit next to the wall by the kitchen or you will feel the wall kick back every time they close the fridge on the opposite side of the wall. My Girlfriend said the coffee was some of the best she had also.
5	Bertha's completely over delivers! What an amazing find.Stopped next door to get an oil change and didn't pay much attention as Bertha's is buried in the corner of the strip mall. But the place is very charming and inviting once you walk through the doors. Bring colors and copper pastry case are quick to catch your attention.Best of all was the Brioche Egg Sandwich. Light and fresh ingredients...like the sandwich could just float away. Walked away completely satisfied.Knew it was a great place the moment I sat down and realized all he casual business meetings happening at 9am. You can tell this is where people come to impress their clients.Local business at its best!
2	I suppose if all goes well as it appears it normally does you will have a positive experience. It didn't appear to be crazy busy when we arrived as approximately ten people were ahead of us. Also it didn't seem like the line was moving either and we waited and waited and waited while the woman in front of us left because she couldn't wait any longer. By the time we got to the cashier a half hour passed and we thought maybe the cashier was new since she seemed to be extra careful in taking our order and also took the time to repeat it back for accuracy. So we  picked a table and waited another thirty nine minutes. My meal was fine and correct I'd give maybe four stars if I IGNORE THE ONE HOUR NINE MINUTES TO WAIT FOR LUNCH. Besides the wait, a couple key parts of my husbands lunch never made it to the plate. He didn't receive the caramelized onions on his roast beef sandwich and didn't receive the goat cheese on his REd Pepper AND Goat Cheese salad. (waiting sixty nine minutes for lunch) I am not sure of what kind of quality the roast beef should have been but on this past Saturday it wasn't like real roast beef it was like that lunch meat that comes in a tub but thicker. When he saw he didn't have the onions he ran over to them them as he didn't notice the missing goat cheese at that point. I tasted the roast beef and agreed it wasn't what we were expecting it to be since we read the chicken and turkey are roasted in house we thought the roast beef would also be good. So he was sort of upset eating inferior roast beef without onions after waiting sixty nine minutes. I know we weren't the only ones that waited that long but maybe were the only ones that had a platter missing stuff.The woman in charge did stop by and apologized and said, "it was a crazy day, we are never like this" and she did hand my husband his money back for his meal. My husband looked at me and said, "what good does this do me, why would I want an unpleasant experience for free?" I said you have a point.
4	Since I often feel that the natural world is out of balance without at least some negative comment to make, and because I couldn't find fault with either food or service, here's what I was left with..   Isn't it incorporated in the Uniform Articles Of Ambience that for a Cafe to operate as such, that it has to meet at least the minium expectations of comfort and cosiness?   While Bertha's for the most part delivers on these points, the glaring error to me is in their choice of servicewear; specifically the ubiquitous presence of plastic--- cups, bowls, plates, flatwear, et al.   Plastic is unnatural. It's the antithesis of comfort and not a bit eco-friendly, (you haven't heard?) regardless of recycle practices. It robs the patron of that tactile sense of solidity and well being that even the most humble ceramic and stainless provide. (Check out Cafe Zupas' attractive dinnerware.)   In patio use, it's totally impractical and frustrating, having to battle even moderate breezes for control of your food. Not exactly Zen.   Sure, Bertha's colorful and delicious offerings "show" very well against gloss black, and it's convenient for management, but is it really a fair trade to the customer?   Hey, if  I'm slumming for chow at Arby's or Wendy's I expect cheap and easy and I'll go w/ the flow, but here I want and expect more. Bertha's Choice makes me feel as though I'm in that alternate universe where everything is pretty cool, except...   So, Bertha's, I wouldn't mention this if it didn't actually matter to me. Your exclusive use of plasticwear makes me feel like a teen with ketchup on my chin from the fries and with the napkins flying away to become litter.   Thing is, you're primarily serving grownups.   A minor warning to anyone ordering anything containing salami: while tasty, the salami is very potent and tends to overwhelm the more creative yet delicate ingredients. The same point was made by another Yelper as well, so I'm not alone in this view.   On the upside, my cashier went out of her way to accommodate my wish for a breakfast item I craved, well outside of breakfast service times.   Beyond the above, The imaginative and delish menu items, (take some baked goods to go) good service, and comfortable atmosphere are as real as the many positive reviews imply.
4	This place is a hidden gem..It was cute and the food was great. If im ever back this way I'll come back :)
4	Fantastic lunch spot if you are in the area. Have been 2x recently and ordered a thai chix wrap (HUGE) and a cobb chix wrap? HUGE! you get leftovers if your not starving or your just plain crazy..they also throw in a free cookie. Great spot check it out.
5	I went ere for lunch with my husband. He ordered the half club sandwich on flatbread and broccoli cheddar soup. I ordered the half Salami pesto and goat cheese on sourdough with soup. Everything was wonderful. Everything is fresh and tasty. It's a little hidden but definitely worth trying. I'll be going back to try breakfast.
5	I can see this little gem becoming a regular habit.  The service and food were both wonderful and I loved the comfy feel they have inside. I tried to finish their specialty a Havarti & Roasted Asparagus panini with ham and couldn't do it. It's enough for two. Next time I'll do the 1/2 & 1/2 option. The sandwich had a little spice to it; come to find out they roast the asparagus with some red pepper flakes and they roast their own meats!  Add to that the delicious  pesto mayo and the fab bread and I'm sold!!I must come back for a overly indulgent slice of cheesecake!Thanks Bertha & staff!
5	Great food friendly fast service. This place is a winner!
5	My favorite sandwich shop period.
5	Great food, great portions, great prices.
3	Was in the area and came here for breakfast today. It's tucked in a corner next to a Pilates place and consignment store. There were plenty of places to sit inside and outside. They had music playing and it seemed too loud for such a small place. I partook in the Sausage & Egg sandwich, a side of bacon, and Passion Fruit Iced Tea. The Sandwich was very tasty and came with two eggs. The eggs were a little too well done for my liking, but still delicious. It also comes with a small side of bananas topped with granola and honey. I don't like bananas, but tried the granola and it tasted homemade. My side of bacon was over cooked and disappointing. My tip for this place would be to tell them exactly  how you like thinks cooked. That way you will be 100% satisfied. I was really disappointed that everything was served on Styrofoam plates with your choice of plastic ware. Not earth friendly at all. I would give it another try.
3	I saw this place on PBS "Check Please, AZ" and decided to give it a try.  It's in a corner of a little strip mall and you can sit outside if you like.  I'll just say "it's OK".  We ordered the breakfast brioche egg sandwich and a cinnamon roll.  The brioche bread was very fresh (so soft it felt like you were eating air).  Although I liked the sandwich, it could have used something . . . some salt and pepper perhaps?  It just didn't taste like much.  The cinnamon roll itself was good, but had way too much frosting for our liking (it was swimming in frosting and we had to scrape some off).  And I wish it had some walnuts.  The service was good and prices were reasonable.  But I agree with some of the other yelper's . . . stop using plastic plates (not good for the environment).  I don't think I'd drive out of my way to come back.
5	GREAT FOOD! This was my first time there and it was the best breakfast sandwich I've ever had. The people are nice and the ambiance is relaxing. If you want a great quality breakfast with fresh ingredients, this is the place to go.
5	I had the sausage, egg & cheese on an english muffin for brunch today. I had it to go. The sandwich was large compared to your average breakfast sandwich at McDonalds or BK. Overall, it was great. Large egg and sausage patty with plenty of cheese. I ordered a coffee to go, which was decent coffee. The cafe had a nice clean atmosphere and the cashier was friendly.
5	Perfect little breakfast spot. Try the breakfast torta and the breakfast burrito, delicious!
4	Best desserts.., fresh and delicious!  I love  the whoopie pie. Not too Rich and the filling is perfect. I have been to Berthas about 6 or 7 times. Each time I get the roasted turkey sandwich. It comes with pesto mayo and onion marmalade.  I don't care for pesto or onions so I order with just plain mayo. When they get my order right, it's perfect. But about half the time, my sandwich ended up with pesto or onion marmalade even though I asked for it not to. I personally couldn't eat the onion ones. The marmalade reminds me of the onions that come on some French dips.  Anyway the bread and the turkey are really good and the portion of turkey is very generous. Avocado always fresh. Bacon is... Well deli bacon. Seemed maybe microwaved or. Reheated?  But I'm forgiving. Always crowded at lunch but nice easy lunch spot.   I'm expecting to eat here often.
5	You gotta love a place like Bertha's!  It just has a great FEEL when you walk in the front door.  Despite a line of about 10 in front of us, we gave our order in less than 3 minutes from arrival.   I ordered the Asparagus and Harvati Panini with chicken, and my partner ordered the chicken club.You order at the counter and grab a seat if you are dining in.  I saw a lot of folks taking out and many regulars who had phoned their orders in.  We waited maybe 5 minutes max and were rewarded with ample sized sandwiches, that were fresh and tasty; along with a totally decadent chocolate cookie.  I would have tried their daily soup, but it was 110 degrees out so I will wait until Winter.Good food, great service, easy to dance to. I gave it a 5!
4	I'm glad that we have resources like Yelp, Phoenix Mag, and Check Please Arizona because otherwise I would have never run into this place.  I had driven by that nondescript location I don't know how many times before the aforementioned resources called my attention to the cafe.The prices are beyond reasonable, the portions plentiful, and the food compares favorably to the other similar spots in East Phoenix such as Over Easy, LGO, and Acacia.  Be prepared to leave full.  I think Callaway ought relinquish its trademark because when you depart you be thinking that his place should be called the home of the Big Bertha.  I've only been for breakfast but I look forward to exploring the lunch sandwiches.
5	This place is quickly becoming a favorite.  Tried it with a co-worker on a Wednesday then took the wife back for breakfast on the next Sunday.  both breakfast and lunch were outstanding.  I have had a club sandwitch before but something about the flavors in Hers that just put it way better than any other I have had.  can't wait to try more things.
5	This little cafe is like a hidden gem. Everything here is out of this world yummy! I got the chicken pesto wrap (sandwich in a wrap) and a side of the pesto pasta salad and it was so delicious. I've also had the club sandwich and that was good too. I'm definitely a fan. Just wished it was open longer hours.
5	Tucked back into a corner of a strip mall next to a consignment store, Bertha's Cafe is not the easiest place to find but is absolutely worth the effort.  This place has a charming and quaint little mom and pop feel to it that the chains only wish they could achieve.My brother and I stopped in for a late breakfast after reading review after review on Yelp.  Well, we intended to have breakfast, and they certainly have quite a few yummy sounding (and smelling) breakfast food options on their menu.  Somehow, neither of us could resist the call of the Roast Beef and Bleu Cheese sandwich.  It started with copious amounts of thinly sliced roast beef that came close to melting in the mouth and only got better with the addition of bleu cheese, caramelized onlons, and arugula.  This was a sandwich that will linger happily in my memory for a long time!  I ordered a huge lemonade that tasted fresh squeezed.We ordered mini cupcakes, red velvet and chocolate, to finish the meal off with the perfect sweet touch.Bertha's cafe is truly a Phoenix treasure and should not be missed by anyone visiting the area!
5	update:  Ive been back several times and now they get my order right every time. Great job Bertha!
5	Read quite a few reviews on yelp before trying this place out. Decided to get the Thai Chicken Wrap today, it was phenomenal!! I'm still smiling from the wonderful blend of flavors!! I will def be coming back to try out the rest of their menu. For a dessert I tried one of their Pecan Bars, it was a delight! I suggest anyone that is in the area and is looking for a light, but filling lunch, give Bertha's Cafe a try!
5	Yes, please!  This place has seriously great sandwiches, yummy cookies, fresh and tasty salads, pleasant and prompt counter service, China Mist iced tea -- what more could you want? I went for lunch with a co-worker on Monday, and returned on Saturday so my beau could enjoy the joint.  I recommend you give it a try if you're in the neighborhood.
4	Charming cafe and it doesn't matter what you order. Breakfast - Lunch - you can't miss.
5	Like the other reviewers said, this place is difficult to find.  I was going to go there for breakfast but could not find the place. Went to my doctor's office and on the way back, decided to look for the restaurant again and found it. Finally saw the "Bertha's Cafe" sign. It is right next to a pilates place and a consignment shop. I decided to order the aspargus havarti sandwich and it was great! I ordered China Mist iced tea and a malted chocolate mini cupcake. Sandwich does come with a cookie too! Now that I know where the place is, I'll go again and try it for breakfast. Definitely a must place to go for a declicious sandwich.  Oh their desserts looked good..brownies, muffins, etc.
4	Nice bakery. Great desserts.
5	Great sandwiches and service. Bakery goods are excellent.
1	WTH!!!...if this is what phoenix yelp users highly rate as "the place" for lunch then they are certainly lacking taste buds. Never had a worse boring tuna sandwich in my life...this place takes the cake. Speaking of desserts, had some kind of chunky, teeth breaking bar. Looked and tasted like they just dumped sugar, chocolate, and more sugar into those suckers...gross. Potatoe salad was just as bland as my tuna salad if not worse. Would not recommend this place for lunch. Subway has better taste than this #*@&
5	Stopped in here for lunch after someone recommended it. Great local spot. we shared two sandwiches - the roast beef and blue cheese and the asparagus and harveti with ham. Both had great flavor. The menu is small, but they do everything themselves, so I don't mind a small menu. We also got cupcakes; however, I wasn't that impressed. Overall, the service and set-up was good; the sandwiches were good and the deserts were just ok.
4	OH Yum!!!The bacon is to die for.  Had the turkey sandwich.  Excellent!!!Nice folks too!
5	Bertha's is great ! Whenever I have a yen for something delicious and healthy this is where I go.  My current favorite item on their menu is the grilled vegetable Panini - with a delightful mix of grilled asparagus, arugula, zesty dressing and Havarti. It is consistently delicious. The other day, I ran into my neighbor at Bertha's, turns out the grilled vegetable panini is her favorite too ! (Forgot to mention the staff is wonderful :)
5	GREAT little cafe.  AWESOME baked goodies.  I had the Thai chicken wrap and was very pleased with the freshness of it.  The veggies added a great crunch.  The chicken was thick cut - sort of like if you made it at home.  All their sandwiches/wraps come with a mini cookie.  I also got a pecan bar to take home for later and was really pleased with that when I got around to it the next day.
5	Speechless!The flavors in everything were fantastic and the lunch special, $7.75 for half sandwich with half soup or half salad plus a bonus bag of chips (try the Funky Fusion if you're okay with salt and vinegar) and the most amazing little cookie you will ever taste in your life, is an absolute steal. If I HAD to say anything negative about this place it would be that the bread is a little thin in proportion to the fillings (but I'm a bread person when it comes to sammies) and is that really something to complain about??? The sandwiches are stuffed with quality ingredients and the love you can only get from a mom-and-pop shop. ...and those little cookies will take you to heaven and let you drift slowly and ecstatically back to your deliciously full and satisfied stomach.
5	I have only love for this awesome sandwich, salad, and sweet shop. Bertha stays true to her own menu with a breakfast burrito with roasted tomatoes and sweet carmalized onions. The veggie sandwiches were a huge hit with coworkers... If I can only stay away from the awesome chocolate cookies with white chocolate.
4	Great cafe! Super fast and friendly staff. I usually get the chicken curry wrap, on of my favs. Chicken breast in light curry sauce with toasted pine nuts and dried cranberries. Very tasty!
5	If you have a name like Bertha, you better know good food. And Bertha, well, she makes a mean sandwich. All you need to know is this: pesto chicken sandwich. Ok, I lied. You can also do a half sandwich with ANY of their salads. Most places make you get one of those pathetic "garden" salads with a cherry tomato and some carrot slices. Not Bertha. She lets you get anything from the Thai Chicken Salad to the one that comes with little grilled cheeses. It's ridiculous and I love it! Now, if she would only open on Sunday.
5	MMMMM!!! GREAT place for breakfast and lunch! This is where husby and I go for breakfast dates before work. I especially love the breakfast wrap and husby gets the roasted tomato sandwich with broache eggs. For lunch I especially like the turkey sandwich on sourdough with passion iced tea.
5	Really good sandwiches, salads and cookies. Love this place.  Had the roastbeef, it was really good, another fav is the asparagus paninni and the pesto pea salad.
5	Wow.  I read the reviews and decided to try this.  I pulled into the strip mall parking lot, saw the location and almost drove away.  Good thing I didn't.  I had the turkey sandwich and every.single.ingredient was 5 stars.  The bacon was crazy crisp, the onion marmelade (or whatever it was called) was tasty and not overwhelming, the avocados where appropriately portioned, the turkey was real shaved turkey and not deli crap, and the bread was perfectly toasted.  I also has the peanut butter brownie bar.  forget about it.  awesome.  i'm just glad i don't live near there.  i'd be 20 lbs overweight.
4	We had Bertha's cater a bridal shower I hosted. The sandwiches on the platters we ordered were really great, and the deviled eggs, spinach dip, and cupcakes were a huge success! The fruit salad left a bit to be desired. It had bananas in it, which turned brown and mushy. And I don't think pineapple is a good ingredient as it zings the tastebuds, and sort of ruins anything eaten right after. Plus, the 'large' was enormous. Probably could've done with a small for my group of 19 ladies as we had more than 1/2 leftover.The staff was great in helping me place my order, but their online menu prices were out of date, which was sort of annoying. Overall, great quality, and so much better than trying to do the cooking myself!
5	Best Lunch in town.  There prices are great, and everything is fresh.  I enjoy the staff.  Always friendly.  I find myself going there a lot since I work next door.  If your coming for lunch you might want to call in your order if your pressed for time.  Every one should try this great little place.  I enjoy the vegiterian soups she has.  5 stars.
5	You can't go wrong with Bertha's. Just go! Get anything. It's all good!  :)
5	Well, The Dogg has not been on Yelp lately. Been down an out on life.......You ever been so low that you think the dark pit you are in is gonna be as good as it gets? Yours truly has been that way. I have not been eating too much lately. About a small meal every three days.  The Dogg has been "Real tired boss, Dog tired".  Not gonna get into the details. Finally I woke up hungry, but not like ravenous hungry.  Like aching for something made with Love and Caring. Remember that special dish your Mom made for you that told you everything is going to be alright.  Well my Mom made some of the best food in the valley.  Those that know me, will tell you she could even take scraps and leftovers and make a meal that would leave you feeling as if you had the best meal of your life. Anyway I wanted a real down to earth home made sandwich. It just sounded good.  Not with sliced deli meat or processed meat, but like sliced from the Thanksgiving Turkey or Your Mom's roast beef (if you liked it).  Something that tasted like she was in the kitchen and you KNEW it was gonna be good.  You had no doubt that the lettuce was gonna be crispy and that everything you liked, everything you wanted, was going to be on it, and not too much and not too little of any one thing.  You know........LOVE..... it told you she loved you and you bit into it with abandon and no worries because it was exactly what you wanted and how you liked it. Well thats the way Bertha's made my turkey sandwich.  I read the reviews and since it is close to my new old neighborhood, I thought I'd give it a try.  Turkey looked like it was hand carved right off the bird, bacon tasted like it was fried for my very own sandwich.  Bread was awesome,  some kinda crispy sourdough loaf or ??  Perfect amount of mayo and mustard.  Everything in balance, the nirvana of sandwich.  As a matter of fact, it made me feel like sampling their pecan bar (sorry forgot the real name).  It is made in their store.  Now my Mom loved pecan pie and she would make it and there is a very fine art to it.  If you bake em too long you get an overwhelming burnt sugar taste, if you don't bake em long enough it taste like underdone egg and gelatin.  Now in my humble opinion the perfect pecan pie or bar is when the taste is right before the point of burn sugar, darker than store made pecan pies but not burnt.   Bertha's did it. They made my Mom's pecan pie in the form of a bar.  Damnation! It is sooooooo good!  Thank you Bertha.  They have a chocolate bar and lemon bar.  I can't try the lemon bar.  Its a personal thing, I love them but only if ............... makes them and thats not gonna happen anymore.  So you go try the Lemon Bar and tell me what its like.  You Will go to Berthas.  It is right next to where one of the "Original Manuel's Mexican Food" used to be.  Remember the Dogg is old school and from that hood.  You will frequent that place.  I need it to survive and thrive.  Even though I never met you Bertha (if you are real),..............Thanks.  I needed something and your sandwich and Pecan bar, helped me remember that with every hardship you have to deal with......eventually comes ease, illumination and experience.  Motordogg
5	This is a hidden gem, located in a rather unimpressive strip mall in a less than glamorous part of town. Don't be fooled-- it's well worth going out of your way for.I decided to try the chicken caesar wrap, which seemed like a common enough food item that I would be able to objectively compare them to other similar establishments. It worked in their favor. They proudly proclaim that many of their ingredients are home made in the kitchen and it shows. I can safely say that the wrap was the best I have ever had. It was loaded with juicy chicken and crunchy, fresh romaine lettuce. The homemade caesar dressing was delectable-- I was practically licking my fingers in the car. They are kind enough to include a free small cookie with each sandwich and wrap they make. This saves you the money you might normally shell out to satisfy your sweet tooth. I tried a chocolate cookie with white chocolate chips. It was fantastic-- loaded with yummy white chocolate and the perfect combination of crunchy and moist. The service was also excellent-- the employees are friendly and take pride in the establishment. This place earns and easy 5 stars ad a premiere destination for lunch. Don't waste your money on Subway if Bertha's is nearby.
5	Every last thing I've tried from their menu has given me a mouth-gasm.This place has RE-defined the sandwich.
5	Bertha's is seriously amazing. Perfect sandwiches and salads. And those delicious cookies that come with the lunch specials are to die for! Whenever I'm in the area, I stop by here. This place is a must. I just wish they had longer hours of operation for their business....seemingly because it's very popular (and with good reason!). If you're looking for a sandwich or salad in the area, look no further as Bertha's is completely solid and fresh.
4	I really enjoyed my salad and mini grilled cheese. Hubby had the salami pesto sandwich and proclaimed it was to big for one person. Uhhmm he ate the whole thing. My one disappointment was sweet and salty brownie. Perfectly sweet and salty but just too gooey to eat.
5	I've recently started yelping to find new places to try out and I'm super glad I found this place!  I had the Asparagus and harvarti with chicken panini and it was one of the best paninis I've had since I moved away from New Orleans.  My friend had the Turkey Sandwich and she loved it.  Oh I can't forget their mini peanut butter cupcake and it was so good & moist.   I will definitely go back to try their wraps and salads.
4	This is a great neighborhood joint!  I walked in a little before 11 and a group of women were in the corner, playing scrabble or some sort of game--clearly they were regulars.  The atmosphere is bare bones, but comfortable.  for lunch I had the tuna sandwich--this was a great sandwich--the proportion of tuna to apple was just right.  I will definitely be putting Bertha's on my rotation for a great place to go for a great sandwich.
4	This place was delicious!  It is in an old strip center.  Had tables inside and outside.  You order at the counter and they bring the food to your table.  I had half a Ham and Havarti Panini and half a Harvest salad.  It's served on styrofoam plates, but the taste was excellent!  Next time I go, I am going to order the Asparagus and Havarti Panini.
5	Because I frequent the consignment store next door, I remembered lovingly the days of the salami/goat cheese sandwich [since this is no longer the work 'hood...]. It still does not disappoint. And because I'm being more proactive about 'healthiER' eats, this time I ordered the chicken pesto sandwich. Seriously just as good with roasted peppers, roast chicken pesto and all warm and fresh. It's a lot of sandwich so for me, its two meals easy. Two days worth of happy food. I'm all in.
5	I was very pleasantly surprised by the value as well as the preparation of my food. I had the roasted tomato and egg sandwich. It was just right from the egg to the not overly toasted English muffin. Cool atmosphere. Neighborhood gem for sure.
4	After our trip to the zoo we looked for a place to grab lunch. Checking Yelp, my wife, friend and I decided on this location. I had the Cobb wrap and was very pleased. Could have used a little more balsamic for my liking.  I don't recall what my wife and her friend had, but I know they enjoyed their sandwich and wrap they split. The menu isn't large, but has a good variety of options, sandwich, wraps, salads  and moderately priced.Enjoyed some nice brewed ice tea, which tasted really good after being in the hot sun and walking around for a few hours at the zoo. My wife ordered the watermelon lemonade, something I've never had. I had a little bit and was pretty good. Definitely a refreshing treat. I don't believe that is a regular menu item.The mini chocolate cookie with white chocolate chips was awesome! Has a small play area for kids with a table and blocks. My little one enjoyed this while the good came out.I'd definitely head back to Bertha's!
4	Items sampled include:Coffee Cake MuffinBlueberry MuffinOatmeal Cake MuffinPecan Pie SquareApple SconeSinfully Good CookieBanana Bread Pudding with Caramel SauceHaving heard rumors of Bertha's serving the best bread pudding in The Valley from more than one trusted source I took the opportunity after a long morning run to visit the small shop on Indian School Road while my family was in town and selecting widely from their freshly baked early morning selection I'm happy to say that although I personally think Cornish Pasty Company, Del Frisco's, and Vovomeena all make a better bread pudding the lady's at Bertha's still turn out a pretty great rendition of the dish along with one of the best muffins and cookies I've had in Arizona.Ordering eight items but only receiving seven (after calling them they admitted forgetting to pack up the sweet and salty brownie - something I still need to return for as they reportedly have my name written down somewhere) only the apple scone proved less than excellent as it was simply too dry, but more than making up for this was the dense oatmeal cake muffin - something like a no-bake oatmeal bar meets oatmeal cookie meets German chocolate cake - and the "Sinfully Good Cookie" that matched dark chocolate with sea salt, brown butter, and Captain Crunch to form something sweet and salty, crunchy and chewy, and quite large for only $1.95.  A cute shop, though the exterior signage could certainly use work, it isn't quite La Grande Orange, Scratch, or Essence but Bertha's is still very good and with a few truly standout items I certainly need to make a return visit to further investigate.
4	What a delightful little place Bertha's Cafe turned out to be.  I stumbled upon  it, not at all familiar with all of the great ratings here on Yelp.I had the breakfast sandwich, which was terrific.  The bread was grilled, like a panini.  After I got there, they were just switching over to lunch.  I had neighbor envy when I saw all of these incredible lunch sandwiches and salads coming out of the kitchen.  I got a blueberry scone for a snack later.  However, while I was just sitting and finishing my coffee, and watching the crowd come in, I took a little nibble of the scone.  Well, so much for my afternoon snack!  I ate the scone right then and there.  I should have bought another scone, but I was really stuffed.Great little place.  Nice people, outdoor seating.  Terrific food.
3	Found this place on Yelp and was surprised I hadn't heard about them before so decided to give them a try. They're kind of hidden back in strip mall, so I wasn't surprised I hadn't noticed them before by driving by.It's a cute little place with a nice assortment of salads, sandwiches, wraps, and soup. It all sounded pretty good, so I decided to split the difference with their half-and-half special with half a salami and goat cheese sandwich and a curry chicken salad. My wife got the thai salad and their tortilla soup. I would have to say the salami sandwich was the best of the choices. It was an interesting taste combination, and they had some other ones listed (asparagus panini?) that sounded both unusual and rather tasty. I always like to see places play with flavors and try something new.Everything else was just... okay. Not bad, just not great. The place was kind of cramped at the peak of the lunch rush, and people had to scoot in and out on their chairs to let people get to tables. Like I said, it's a cute place, so it would probably be a better spot to grab breakfast or a bite to go than stay and eat at the top of the lunch rush.
5	I've lived half a block away for more than a year and while doing a u-turn in the strip mall I saw the sign, which jogged some distant memory of somebody mentioning "Bertha's".   We've only been there once and had the Waffles with mixed fruit and whipped cream and an Egg Sandwich with roasted tomato, pesto and arugula.  YUM YUM YUM!  The place is modest and welcoming.  The food is fantastic and priced incredibly reasonably.  I'm so happy that I've found my neighborhood breakfast place and can't wait to go back again and again!
3	i'm torn.  sometimes i like this place, and sometimes i feel pretty whatever about it.  since it's almost walking distance from my house, i've been here quite a few times, but i never really know what i'm going to get.  sometimes the staff at the counter are super friendly, and sometimes they're beyond rude.  sometimes the food is delicious, and other times it's super oily and bland.  on one occasion, the girl working the register charged my credit card $1,010.38 instead of the $10.38 i owned. although this transaction was reversed, it took 48 hours to go through. ugh. the place is cute and they do have some good bakery items, but i can't ignore the ups and downs in food and service. if you don't live in the area, i wouldn't recommend going out of your way to eat here.
4	I love this place! I only gave it 4 stars because I feel like their prices are a little high but it's still really good! I used to work down the road from this place and everything that I tried was amazing! Their Cobb wrap, tuna sandwich, harvest salad are all great! They have a half sandwich half salad or soup which is great they have different soups  every two days. And don't forget their delicious cookies or fruit and yogurt parfait with granola it's to die for!
4	Not much I can say here that has not already been said below. The food is amazingly fresh and you taste it with every bite. Great portions, a chocolate cookie served with every entree, and a wonderful selection of dessert bars at the front counter. In my opinion, Bertha's has one of the best thai peanut sauces I have ever tasted, perfect blend of flavor and spice.As for the location, it is tucked in a corner of a strip mall establishment, kind of a bummer but don't let that be an excuse to not try this place....I've heard their breakfast is delicious and rumors of the best bread pudding in the valley, bold statement, I know....I'll have to give it a whirl and decide for myself next time.
5	LOVE berthas!! We don't live close but we come from south chandler to enjoy a awesome sandwich and wonderful treat! love the asparagus veg sandwich and turkey. All the sweets are amazing...and we have tried a lot!!
5	well folks we moved to Tucson a year ago and we really miss Bertha's. They have been in business 8 years ! The owner has a few employees that have been there for 4 and 5 years, for a small operation I think this is a great plus. now to the food, I almost always have the Chicken Pesto sandwich, always good. My friend had a salad which she also said was very good, nice fresh lettuce(her comment). over the years I have liked eating at Bertha's, now that I live in Tucson my visits are not as often, but I work my trip aroun going there for lunch. Good, clean and tasty food.
5	Zing of fresh flavors. This is how breakfast should be done everyday. Lots of flavor and healthy tasting. I was just lamenting about how I disliked American breakfast because they are so unhealthy. Berthas Cafe came to the rescue. They are a prime example of how tasty and healthy an American breakfast can be.Located in a tiny strip mall, next to a Pilates studio and worth going out of your way for. The breakfast sandwiches taste gourmet utilizing baked eggs instead of fried eggs and fresh ingredients like pesto. At under $6 a sandwich they are a gourmet, healthy bargain. I actually saw a lot of very handsome men in business attire picking up breakfast to go when I was in there so the word is out! The hot successful guys like breakfast at Berthas not just the bendy ladies in tight Pilates pants.
5	You are not sure what this place wil be like from the outside, but you definitely have to go in.We had a wonderful breakfast here.  They have amazing sandwiches, bakery items, and good coffee.It is a very plain establishment, but how much do you really need when you just want a good breakfast?
4	A hidden gem that serves salads, sandwiches, and has a great dessert selection at reasonable pricesIf you're looking for a place to grab a tasty and healthy lunch, check out Bertha's Cafe! Just be aware that seating is limited and there will likely be a line.
5	This was my first visit to Bertha's. I will definitely be returning... possible tomorrow to try their breakfast. We had the roasted turkey sandwich & the grilled asparagus with roasted chicken sandwich. Both are amazing!! Everything is so fresh. It's a cute little deli kinda tucked away in the corner. If you didn't know about it you probably wouldn't know it was there.
4	Breakfast at Bertha's is a beautiful thing. I grabbed the in-laws and schlepped them down the street for a fun-family morning of delicious treats and this place did not disappoint. Here's what we ordered, and loved:Brioche Egg SandwichBreakfast WrapTurkey Jalapeno Egg Sandwich Ham & Havarti PaniniIt was all fabulous. I'm so happy we stumbled onto this spot!
5	I love the Arcadia area for it's amazing thrift shops and nicely hidden delicious dines. Bertha's Cafe is definitely one of those little spots where you can count on getting a quality sandwich or pastry and wash it down with a fresh batch of watermelon lemonade. I also got a parfait there once and it was the best! The serving of fruit was very generous. As for the lunch crowd you'll see a ton of working moms and other older people there getting food. Also there is a thrift shop right next door if you have time to kill afterwards!
5	I really enjoy the freshness the food and the desserts are the best....
5	This is my favorite place to eat lunch.  The food is delicious and the staff is excellent.  I have taken slews of my friends for the experience.   They are all return customers.  Don't even try the delectable goodies in the front case.  All so delicious.  The special is my favorite lunch.  1/2 sandwich, 1/2 salad (any on the menu) or small soup (which are just yummy..pick 2 of the 3.  This has a bag of chips and a small chocolate cookie to go with it.  A very cute fun neighborhood family cafe.  LOVE IT!
5	There is so much to say about Berthas.  First, and most important, the food is fresh and delicious.  I've eaten both breakfast and lunch there numerous times and never been disappointed.  Their sandwiches are my favorite, but honestly everything I've had there is good (and I've had a lot).They're also a GREAT option for catering.  I've used them for sandwich platters and pastries for a baby shower I was hosting, as well as cupcakes for my son's birthday party.  I over-ordered on the quantities for the sandwich platter (because I'm always worried I'll run out of food) and everything was devoured by our guests.  Their dessert bars are so amazing I can't pick a favorite.  The cupcakes are delicious and the perfect size (not enormous - which you find so many places now it seems).  Once I even called less than 24 hours ahead to see if they could make me 5 dozen cupcakes for the next morning - no problem!Word of mouth will bring you to this place and you'll find yourself recommending it to others.  Promise.
4	Nice cafe. Had the pumpkins bread ant it was good. First time here out if town. Say outside to enjoy the weather.
5	Great little cafe sandwich shop. The sandwiches are fresh & delicious. Love the salami pesto & goat cheese, it's my favorite!
5	Delish! Love the Asparagus Panini! It is to die for! Get extra pesto mayo to make it even more creamy goodness!
4	I had the asparagus and havarti panini with the chopped salad as a "half and half" order for lunch and it was delicious. The asparagus and havarti sandwich ingredients were a really interesting flavor combination that worked. I will omit the green onions in the salad next time though. It was not necessary with all the other great flavors in the salad.I gave 4 stars instead of 5 because the last time I was at Bertha's, it was not as good. I had the roast beef and it was pretty uneventful. It is a little hit or miss, but the hits are good enough to make me want to go back and try different items from their menu.
5	Great little local sandwich shop.  I've been coming to Bertha's since Beth and her sister started it all over on Thomas Rd and 40th St and it has always been a satisfying experience.  I usually have the asparagus/Havarti but have sampled some of the other offerings (especially the deserts!) and have never been disappointed.  Will return many, many more times.
5	LOVE the desserts here! Heard about Bertha's when they had a table at a food festival. They were serving homemade pop tarts and I was so impressed I had to go to their actual location. The brownies, bar and pies were all excellent. I even had a salad there because I went during lunch time and mentally I knew I couldn't just eat sweets for lunch. One of, if not the best, place to go for desserts in the Phoenix area.
5	I can't say enough good things about this place. It's hidden, small restaurant with all fresh tasty food. I love the chicken chopped salad and the turkey sandwich. Can't go wrong with the cookies, had to buy a bag of the one that comes with your meal. Also love the tea! It's so good that I try to eat here at least once a week.
4	Ham panini and meatball soup was good.  I'll be heading back for more.
5	I suggested this place after seeing the awesome reviews and wanting to go somewhere a bit different. It is a super cute, clean cafe tucked away in a little strip mall but it is delicious.The first thing you notice when you walk in is their baked good. They look awesome. I went with the sausage egg and cheese on the English muffin and boyfriend had the breakfast wrap. The sandwich is huge since it has two plump baked eggs. I would say they need to add a bit of salt and pepper during the cooking process, otherwise it was perfect for what I wanted. Boyfriends wrap was delicious.Apparently their lunch is really great here too, its actually what brought my attention to the place. So next time, I am determined to have this for lunch as well.
5	Great spot for breakfast!  Delicious, creative breakfast sandwiches and very tasty baked goods. And, for this quality, the food is very cheap.  I for one am sick of breakfast meals that now seem to approach $18-20 pp (11 entree, 3 coffee, + tax / tip). Bertha's is a great place to have breakfast for a few dollars and you can still go out for dinner!
5	Bertha's is so clutch. They are closed on Sundays, a well deserved day of rest but any other day of the week they are on point. This place got busy but never really "packed" or a big wait. There is a small tv and magazines in the corner.   It's the type of place you could take a laptop and hunker down if so desire. Don't miss the banana waffles (with whipped cream and candied almonds DROOL) or brioche egg sandwich. I also sampled most of their baked goods and the caramel toffee bar was excellent.
4	Excellent food! I often eat here for lunch as it is around the corner from my office. The food is delicious and always fresh. I like that they are local. However be warned they get very very busy during lunch and have limited seating so come here before the lunch rush (11:45) to get a table. Great for salads and sandwiches.
5	Love this place! The sandwiches are great, the salads are great, the cookies are awesome, and other sweets too! You can tell their food is fresh and this place is always packed at lunch time. Every sandwich and wrap comes with a mini cookie! All their sweets are baked fresh. They need to expand this place since it's so awesome! Lunch specials are great too: half sandwich with half soup or salad. Lunch special also comes with a mini cookie and chips. The yogurt parfait is awesome and comes with fresh fruit and fresh granola. I would definitely recommend this place and I would definitely come back if I ever come to Phoenix again :)
5	Great salads, sandwiches, this little cafe has all the best for lunch.  Everything is homemade, including roast turkey for the sandwiches and salads!  They offer tropical iced tea too-my fave. You can sit indoors, or on the cute little patio.  Conveniently located at 32nd St and Indian School.  Thanks Bertha for such a great little breakfast and lunch place!
5	One of my go-to lunch spots. This little shop is right next to a Pilates studio and Smarty Pants consignment (good for some looking around after lunch). I love their lunch combo with 1/2 sandwich and 1/2 salad. My favorite is the asparagus and havarti panini, it's packed full of flavor and still fairly healthy. Some of their sandwiches can get quite heavy with lots of meat and cheese, which I'm not into but to each his own. It's also quite nice that every meal comes with an amazing cookie so it's easier to resist the dessert bar.
5	Best lunch spot in town. Great salads, soups and sandwiches. Not to mention the dessert case! I always get the lunch special which is a half salad and sandwich (or soup). I get the harvest salad (amazing) and either the chicken pesto or asparagus pannini (add chicken). It's a great lunch for a reasonable $7.95 and it includes a cookie and chips! The Thai chicken salad is good and the pesto pasta salad. Every dessert I've had is great also. Fast, friendly crew here to get you lunch and back on your way.
5	Bertha's makes the best club sandwich I've ever had and has a delicious dessert selection. I always have trouble deciding what dessert I want, but you can't go wrong with their chocolate cookies with white chocolate chips! It gets a little busy and hectic during the lunch rush, but it's still worth it.
5	A champagne experience on a beer budget! My favorites are the Thai Chicken wrap or salad (very spicy peanut dressing on the side), the turkey sandwich with caramelized onions and their famous asparagus Panini. Of course you must indulge in a dessert from the case. You can't go wrong with anything at Bertha's but the pies from Pie Snob (see my other review just on the pie) are my personal favorite. Bertha's is unpretentious and homey and always very busy at lunch but the line goes fast and the service is wonderful. They also have China Mist iced tea - yes!
5	Must stop lunch spot! I ordered the Salami Pesto Sandwich, and my Husband ordered the Turkey Sandwich.  Both were VERY good, but if I had to pick one, I would say that the Salami Pesto won the order war. Both sandwiches came with a small cookie that was tasty...and they have a pretty nice treat selection that looked great too.  The staff were all very nice as well.  All in all a great place! Super cute little place located in a small shopping center.  Don't blink, because you might miss it.  But once you know where it is, you will be back!
4	Love the food.  Restaurant sometimes is crowded...indicative of the food. Prices are reasonable.  Best cookies!
5	I am about 134 turkey sandwiches too late on this review. I have literally eaten about 100 turkey sandwiches from this place over the last few years and I am just now giving them a big hell yeah! Bertha's is my go to sandwich place! I have tried most of the sandwiches here and let me save you some time and tell you "GET THE TURKEY SANDWICH"! Herb roasted turkey, caramelized onion, bacon (duh), pesto mayo, assorted lettuce stuff, tomato and fresh made bread. Sold! Wrap it up with one of those damn chocolate cookies and let's call it lunch. You know they say, way to a man's heart is thru his stomach! Bertha, whatcha doin this Friday?
5	Great restaurant, especially for those interested in commercial real estate investment.  Lots of options for vegetarians, those who are price conscious, and likely to be an amenable decision when interns are tasked with deciding on a location for lunch.  Very good food.
4	I almost want to rate it poorly to keep it to myself!  They just have salads, sandwiches and baked goods.  I had the egg whites, bacon, arugula, pesto sandwich.  It came with sliced bananas with candied almonds(?) and honey on top.  It was a little bit oily because of the pesto, but I really liked how the sandwich was put together and stayed together.  We also had the chicken pesto sandwich which was also delicious and came with a mini cookie.  It was cold which I thought was surprising but good nonetheless.  We also tried the apple pie which had slightly too much sugar but still the best pie we've bought in Phoenix so far.Its right in the corner of the complex so it's hard to find but I'd definitely try to make my way over!
3	Based on the reviews we came here with high expectations. My wife got the breakfast wrap which was very good. I had the brioche egg sandwich which wasn't what I expected. I expected a brioche roll or at least brioche bread. This seemed to be just 2 slices of white bread. The pesto appeared to be spread directly on the bread which turned 1 of the slices of bread into a slab of oil. The pesto goes in the sandwich and not on the bread just for this reason. I went through 5 napkins! Other orders I watched come out as we ate looked wonderful. We will probably give it another try but I'll pass on the brioche egg sandwich.
4	I ate here for lunch and really enjoyed my sandwich.  Bertha's has items such as fresh breakfast sandwiches, cookies, pie, brownies, lunch sandwiches, salads, and soups.I ordered the cafe club because it looked delicious in the picture I saw from a fellow Yelper.  The sandwich was very tasty.  To me, the only minor flaw with the sandwich was that the bacon was a little too done/crisp for my liking and there was a little too much mayo on it.  The sandwich was very good and filling.  Next time, I am going to see if I can substitute the ham for roast beef.I would recommend this spot to anyone who enjoys a salad, soup, or sandwich for lunch.
5	This place has fantastic coffee, amazing breakfast food, and the ambiance is quiet. It's a perfect place to hair relax and enjoy some nice hospitable service. Big Bertha always takes care of her customers!
5	One of my favorite spots for lunch or breakfast! Love the salads, sandwiches and fresh baked goods. My favorite for lunch is the 1/2 and 1/2 with the Asparagus and Havarti sandwich and Roasted Red Pepper and Goat Cheese salad! For breakfast I recommend the Roasted Tomato, pesto and egg or the Brioche egg sandwich. Atmosphere is peaceful and quaint and the owner is always there cooking and serving. Great neighborhood spot!
5	Bertha's is the Best!Bertha's is a locally owned breakfast lunch spot and without question, Bertha's is a gem.  The food is always fresh, delicious, service is quick, and the staff always has a smile. If you have a chance to stop by Bertha's  don't be discouraged by the strip mall location, because  Bertha's makes up for their location with excellent food. There is a nice sitting area outside weather permitting and plenty of seating inside.  Bertha's baked goods are fantastic. You even get a small chocolate cookie if you order a sandwich. I have to say Bertha's cookies are fantastic. You won't find better cookies anywhere this side of your mother's kitchen. I had the club sandwich/fruit salad and it was delicious, the sandwich was loaded with turkey, ham, cheese, and all the fixins. The fruit salad was good, but Bertha's puts lemon juice on their apples and I think I'd prefer my apples just like they are.If you get a chance stop by Bertha's doesn't disappoint
4	Bertha's Cafe is tucked away in the corner on Indian School Rd which makes dining there quiet and peaceful. I'll be honest, I've only tried their breakfast sandwiches but that's enough to keep me coming back for more! The food is reasonably priced and the staff is always friendly. I plan on going for lunch soon to try more of the menu!
5	When we walked in my wife and I smiled, looked at each other and new this place was going to be good. There was this vibe to the place. Welcoming, the people are helpful and friendly. But in the end it's the food. My wife just said "this is the best waffle I've ever had". I had buffalo chicken soup which was very good. You got a hint of heat but not to much. I also had a salami, pesto, goat cheese, arugula and spinach sandwich. Very good. We will be back.
4	The pastries are delicious. The place is a bit small. The prices are good and breakfast was good. They have good and quick service.
5	Forget any other sandwich place you've ever been to and go to Bertha's.This place is delicious - the sandwiches, salads and pastries are the bomb dot com. The salami pesto sandwich is dank - I get it every time I go and never regret it. Go eat at Bertha's and I promise you won't be disappointed.
5	This is amazing little sandwich shop. They do it right. The food is fresh, and we'll prepared.
5	We came here after flying in from out of town, ready to chow down for lunch. We had the Club Wrap and Chicken Pesto Panini and two brownies. The staff was friendly and the sandwiches were huge - stuffed to the brim with yummy goodness - and tasted excellent! The brownies with ganache topping were good also. We were happily stuffed and happy we found Bertha's.
5	Great soup and excellent panini-style sandwiches. Very fast service.
2	So i have heard many good things about this location and am a big  advocate of supporting local restaurants so I rounded up3 friends and went in for a late lunch.  1st of all the staff has very little energy and charisma.  As we enter we do not receive acknowledgment not even a hello.  I walked in with a big smile and said ," I am so excited to be here I only hear great things about your restaurant!"  Very lethargic staff backs facing us only until I engage them do they even turn around to provide service.  Mind you we did arrive 45min before closing.  I had continued to engage the counter person asking for recommendations and guidance for the most popular items and was met with stoic and lifelessness.  Ok so I read on Yelp about a avocDo Turkey sandwich and give it a try.  The food was good not great,  the place looked like a neighborhood cafe.  The sad part about this experience is that it did not feel like a neighborhood cafe.  When we departed and they began to put up chairs in the back of the cafe(not closed yet) we were not acknowledged or even told to have a great day.  We walked past 2 employees and 1 behind the counter.  Lesson to be learned from this if you read your reviews.  A neighborhood cAfe should have soul.   Greet every guest as they enter and thank them when they leave ALWAYS. I always choose local businesses before corporate To support our community.   We CHOSE to come to your cafe over many other options.   At the very least make is feel welcome, not like it is more important to rush out of your restaurant and put up chairs when you aren't even closed.   The place is small and only has a few chairs.  Wait till everyone has gone instead of making us feel rushed after we have spent upwards of 60$ for 4 people with a menu averaging 10$ lunch.   We felt unappreciated, rushed, and unwelcomed.  Is that the way a neighborhood cafe should make you feel?
5	Wowza. At the crack of dawn I exercise. After that I'm famished. Thank goodness for a joint like Bertha's Cafe. (Which, by the way, is dangerously located across the street from my gym.)I Yelped for something that would be open, super close and offer food at 7:35am. This adorable place is located on the far west corner of a shopping strip. After quickly ordering the Turkey Jalapeno Egg sandwich ($5.95!) and customizing it without charge I enjoyed the indoor seating area. (Outdoor seating exists and is quite quaint.) So out comes a beast of a sammie. The eggs are perfectly made for me. I love an easy over egg. (Check.) The cheese isn't out of control on this, just enough to give me tingles. (I like cheese, just not associated guilt.) A balanced amount of avocado with just a touch of jalapeno mayo. (I would eat avocado in my sleep.)Did I save half for later?Um, no.It was divine.I came during an off peak weekday. Traffic was robust even at this early time. I suspect it can be tight to find a seat. However! Sandwiches can be quickly made to go, perfect for that office bite. Yummy stuff here!
4	I absolutely LOVE this place.  Fresh food, cozy little environment and low key.  The food is delicious.  I've ordered several things but my favorite is the Salami Pesto and Goat Cheese sandwich.  I think it's fairly priced for the fresh quality food you receive.
1	Wish I could give zero stars.This place sucks.My sandwich was horrible, there was sauce all over it even though I ordered no sauce, there was a tiny sliver of avocado even though I paid extra for avocado on my sandwich. They were busy and I understand that, but as a new customer, I will not be back due to this mess up.
5	I love the place too bad i live in chandler i cannot wait to go back
4	Didn't really feel welcome. However, the roast beef sandwich with blue cheese was outstanding.  Probably one of the best sandwiches I've ever had.
5	The food was great and the lunch special was affordable. Staff was friendly and quick. Turkey club was delicious.
5	i never have time to dine in. but i do always stop in for a brownie or lemon square ! they are rockin good ! staff very pleasant also. one of these days i will find the time to eat a full meal rather than a dessert to go.
4	I could eat here daily and never get tired of it. Love their asparagus havarti panini. They are sometimes extremely busy- which is only a testament to how delicious the food is- but if you have a tight work schedule, you may want to call ahead and order to-go instead!
5	My daughter and I went here for lunch and our food was absolutely delicious.I had the mini toasted cheese sandwich and salad,which was awesome.My daughter had a red pepper salad with chicken which was excellent as well.Fresh food at reasonable prices you can't go wrong.
5	Loved my visit here! Came with a close friend of mine who frequents this place as he lives nearby. We arrived and he gave me the scoop on how delicious their baked goods are and his personal favorite lunch menu item. We split a roasted turkey sandwich and a cream cheese brownie. Oh my goodness! Sandwich had amazing flavor and the brownie was baked to perfection. This place isn't close to where I live, but if I'm in the area I'll definitely be coming back to try some other menu items. Kudos to the workers at Bertha's for the smiles, great tasting food, and great service while we were there. :) The prices were just as good as the food too which was a huge plus.
5	This is our go to place for excellent cappuccino, espresso coffees and wonderful Italian desserts. I love the cannoli, lobster roll, Italian and New York cheesecake. All the pastries are great. Excellent Italian gelatos and fruit sorbets.Busy place. Lots of people watching. In the heart of Little Italy.
4	I really dig this place. The salami with goat cheese and pesto was A+. They used a hearty portion of salami and you could tell everything was fresh and quality. I will be back to enjoy other sandwich choices, maybe then I can find it in my hearty to boost it one more star. On a side note, the side order of pasta salads are delish. Most definitely made fresh daily. Good work!
4	This is the perfect breakfast every time. The food is fresh the coffee is strong and my pooch can share breakfast with me on the patio. Perfect way to spend a slow Friday morning.
5	I've been here quite a few times and I ALWAYS end up getting breakfast. Fresh, perfect flavors and priced right are three ways to sum up Bertha's Cafe. The breakfast wrap with tomatoes, eggs, bacon, avocado and grilled balsamic onions is so good I don't have appropriate words. You always get a little surprise order of bananas, honey and oats with each breakfast purchase for FREE!! Do yourself a favor and try it out.
5	A friend suggested we stop here for breakfast after a hike at Piestewa Peak. This little cafe is charming and welcoming. It smelled wonderful when we walked in and the staff was very friendly. I ordered the Breakfast Wrap and my friend ordered the Brioche Egg Sandwich. The food came quickly and was hot and fresh. We both loved our choices and laughed when we finished, wishing the meal wasn't over! My wrap was a wonderful mixture of baked egg and caramelized onion that gave it a sweet, tangy burst. The cheese, bacon and roasted tomatoes complimented the flavors of the egg and onion. This is a jewel of a cafe, tucked away in an unassuming strip mall. I wish we lived closer and could visit more often. Thank you for a great experience!
