4	A great place for a meal at Phoenix airport. Way above expectations for the regular fare. A fresh and simple take on tex mex.
5	We had a three hour layover in Phoenix and since we were sick of the typical airport food we had at our previous stops, we looked around for something a little nicer.  We got seated right away and the staff was super friendly.  We both had the sangria and shared some sort of mushroom dinner as well as the pulled pork.  The meals were amazing and I was still in shock that we were eating this well in an airport.  The food came really fast and it was an overall great experience.  If I ever happen to stop in Phoenix again I would for sure go back.
3	Finally made it over to try one of the newer concepts in the airport! I kept hearing about how awesome it was but I have to say, I don't think it lived up to the hype. The staff was super nice and helpful. The restaurant itself was nice, reminding me of the street side location but the food was nothing too awesome. I will go back and have a try of something else cause I don't want to just write off a place based on something like the West Coast Wrap, which could be a taste preference. I think I'll go and have a try of the mac and cheese and judge it off that cause that'll be a make or break thing for me lol.
5	People below who wrote ho-hum reviews.... you do realize that this is inside of SkyHarbor, right?  Quite frankly, the food is good enough to compare with some of the better food I've had in Arizona, all while having to deal with HMSHost and TSA!I definitely recommend coming by if you've got a layover.
4	Great food and it's in an airport!  Normally, airport food really sucks.  Even the cheesy brand names like TGIF and Wolfgang Puck are crappy at the airport.  I've never heard of this place before until I was in Phoenix on a stop over last week.   It's turns out it's a chain.  When I looked at the menu I was a little skeptical about spending $14 for a filet steak sandwich especially with $4 hamburger just down the hall but I decided to try it anyway.I may must say I was really impressed.  This place is not just good for an airport, it's on par with upscale places anywhere. The quality of the food, the temperature and presentation were all top notch.  The only thing I would suggest is when you offer someone a glass of Cabernet tell them it's $13.  Other than that I have no complaints and look forward to me next stopover.
2	Airport bar restaurants. They have you captive. If you don't want food court fare, you can cool your heels at some place a little more chi-chi.The decor and menu here appear better than what the actual offerings are. Fortunately I've found another place I truly enjoy in the hub that is the Phoenix airport, so I won't have to bother with Cowboy Ciao again.Don't get me wrong, the food wasn't particularly bad. But it didn't merit the cash we splashed out.
5	I've had too many crappy hamburgers/lousy pizza slices while on layovers in airports.  Thought I'd try this as a change.  Ordered the scallops on top of risotto.  Amazing.  Scallops were done just right; risotto could not have been better.  Having cooked risotto myself, I know what a pain it is to make; theirs was perfect.
5	The mushroom pan fry with mixed green salad makes a nice vegetarian meal!
5	This not your ordinary airport dining experience! TJ the waiter is awesome- he is totally committed to providing you with a a fabulous description of the entrees- go for the stetson chopped salad! Thanks tj!
5	For an airport restaurant, this was amazing.We ordered: Mac and CheeseAsiago BreadMargaritaVIVA cocktailSangriaThe food was to die for!The Mac and Chesse was out of this world. Probably the best I've ever had. The Asiago bread was also amazing! It was so full of flavor, but the one thing I must say about the bread is that it's a bit messy. Also, the bread is very filling, make sure to have others to share it with.The drinks were okay.The VIVA cocktail was very sweet (and I love sweet)! Very overwhelming for taste buds.The margarita was very good, just make sure to specify which kind of tequila you want.The sangria is one for sangria lovers. It grew on me, but first sip was kind of atrocious. The service was really good. My waiter was extremely knowledgeable, and very kind. I will definitely come back here when I have to stay at the Phoenix Airport for any length of time.
5	I had a chopped salad, and it was one of the best salads I've every had - inside OR outside of an airport.  A wonderful surprise, and since I travel through PHX often I was excited to find this little gem!
4	Writing the a bit into the future, so some of the details are hazy..Stopped here on a layover in Phoenix on the way to LA.  Ordered the Lester Burger which could have easily been two meals.  Burger, bacon, avocado, pulled pork and more on a single sandwich.  Delicious.Met a new friend in the military also on a layover and we bought drinks for each other.  Waitstaff was attentive and seemed happy to be there.  Food came out quickly and drinks didn't stay empty for long. Had a nice time.  Easily one of the best airport dining experiences I've ever had.
4	So glad Sky harbor is stepping up the restaurants in terminal 4.  The only bad thing is this is way down in the "high" B terminal, where most internationals fly from, but it's worth the walk.  Quesadilla is great.
4	Try the chopped salad. It's awesome!  Good place to stop if you need a quick bite.
4	Good food and fast service
5	Ask for TJ, great service, enthusiastic, total professional and you can tell he loves what he does.Try the Mac N Cheese (best mac and cheese I've ever had)Also try the Stetson chopped salad with Salmon, even if you're not a salad person, you will absolutely love it.
5	Delays and layovers are a traveler's nightmare! Having 3 hours to kill within an airport, my hubby and I decided to get some lunch and waste some time. We asked a worker at a gift shop what her favorite food spot is in the airport. She immediately directed us to Cowboy Ciao.Passing this place on our way to our next gate, I saw how packed it was. It looked more like a bar to me, since the bar sits in the middle of the mini-restaurant with giant big screen TVs. They do have lounge seating, which is convenient for small (1-2 people) or semi-large parties (6 people seating). There are also small tables, but it didn't feel cramped to me.We ordered the Stetson salad, and it was the best salad I've ever tasted! I also recommend their Open Faced Steak Sandwich. It's basically two pieces of filet mignon on top of soft french bread and topped with the most delicious sauce. It's not the type of sandwich you'd imagine. We both shared both meals and it filled us up, so the portion size is pretty decent. The price is about average (being a tad bit expensive on their pricier meal menus), but the food is definitely an original and the taste is impeccable! I wish we had this restaurant in Houston!
3	The bartender, Jason, was a prick. He wouldn't take our drink order b/c we were sitting on the backside if the bar. When we told him we only wanted to order shots, he said a server would be right with us. The front wasn't full, it's just everyone with their extra carry-ons + leaving 1 seat in between each other, there weren't two seats in a row for us on the front side. The server we eventually got tried to make the excuse that the bartender is busy, but you could tell that he was just an ass. When we only ended up ordering drinks from the bar, it was evident that even the server was perplexed why the bartender didn't jst take our order. Anyway, our server ended up being very friendly and understanding. He saved this experience for us ... other wise this review would have been a 1 Star.
5	Arrived early at the airport for once and couldn't get on stand-by...of course...why should I expect travel go smoothly...shame on me.  Normally I am wandering around concourses C or D...but...same old, same old...plus my local Mexican cantina was closed down...so I wander down to concourse B for something different...and I discover Cowboy Ciao...the host was friendly, greeted me right away and seated me right away.  My waitress, Monique, was both friendly and knowledgeable.  She recommended a wonderful, rich, smooth Cab.  I ordered their Puerco Lento (lovely slow roasted pork on the bone dish) with only vegetables...soft, tender, melt in your mouth pork...so surprising to find this in an airport.  Loved it!  The tables were full, littered with business travelers...so it appears to be a well known spot for those of us that live in airports.  If you haven't tried it, don't wait.  Grab a seat, order a nice drink, have a little slice of comfort after a long day...cheers!
5	I once worked on a cattle ranch in Central Arizona. What a god-awful job.If you're not getting kicked by calves in the branding chute, or rammed by an angry mother cow, you're working sunup to sundown with no relief. That is until supper time. Our cook, while rudimentary compared to professional chefs, knew how to cook every type of desert dweller the hands shot daily, but mostly quail and beef. Well not since my starry-eyed youth have I tasted a filet sandwich like the one served up at Cowboy Ciao. The sandwich will arrive open-faced with a ramequin of brown gravy, a knoll of thin, juicy fries, (more like pomme frites), and a side of slaw. All delectable. The filet transcends any level of tender I'm used to, since my version of tender resides squarely between London broil, and skirt steaks.No gnawing (or gumming) your food here. No siree. If you have the time between flights, settle in for a few, have the steak, and imagine what it'd be like to eat beef every day and night for three months.You'd get so stopped up, you'd probably shit in yer saddle...on roundup...in full view of the senior hand who like to beat you up on Friday nights at the Punkin Center Saloon.I wish someone would invent a time machine. I'd go back and fuck him up. BADLY.
5	AMAZING!! Start to finish, the BEST lunch we've had in awhile.  We shared the Chicken and Waffles and the Buffalo Shrimp, and finished with the Oh Canada.  Chicken was breaded and fried to perfection. And although a bit tough, the red velvet waffle complemented the rest of the dish well.  The shrimp were incredible; the perfect heat and light, crisp breading. The pickled carrots were the best Ive ever had.  The dessert was the perfect ending to a truly amazing meal.  Service was average; the two waitresses seemed upset with someone and were overly chatty with each other, which left our glasses empty and cleaned plates sitting longer than acceptable.  Even with this, I cannot give our experience less than 5 stars. The restaurant space and location was nice and clean.  The big open windows gave us a lovely view of Old Town.
3	I love Cowboy Ciao in Scottsdale and was so pleased to pass some time here with friends before a recent trip to Mexico.  The mimossas were very good and the breakfast options make Cowboy Ciao a nice respite at the airport.
5	Best airport restaurant I have ever been to.  The food was amazing, and my waitress, or culinary guidance counselor was great.  Her name was Jennifer.  She was helpful, sweet and gave great advice! She steered me to the corn nut scallops and bruschetta duo.  This was not her first recommendation, mind you.  She gave a suggestion, listened to my response, asked a few questions and sent me to the promise land of culinary delight!  Super amazing service and food, all in an airport restaurant?  Are you kidding me?  Oh, and try the real james margarita!
5	What a GREAT surprise. And, in an airport of all places. I had lunch in NY, then, was fed in first class on the plane to Phoenix for my connecting flight. I was full. But, my next flight was late so I stopped in Cowboy Ciao just to have a nice spot to sit. I saw the food coming out of the kitchen and couldn't resist, even though I was not at all hungry. TJ the server is really friendly, answered various questions about dishes happily. That alone was refreshing Then, the food arrived. So good. Then that corn bread desert. I ate my way through desert shops in NYC and this was right up there with them."Disgustingly too good."
4	This place is completely unaware it's in an airport. And you forget you are, too. Fantastic service, great food. Stetson chop salad so, so good. Fresh, tasty. Cornbread bread pudding delish.
4	There is not a lot of good food to be had in airports, and PHX has historically been one of the worst offenders in this department.  Thank God for Cowboy Ciao--this is a legitimate restaurant with real food, a great wine list, and plenty of good beers.  It's the best of both worlds:  the kind of place that you'd eat at even if you weren't in an airport, but also a place that works really well within its airport setting.  I know where I'll be stopping the next time I fly through.
5	I am in Cowboy Ciao at the airport now waiting on my flight and I am very happy I stopped in.  The chopped salad with salmon is really good. I just finished it.  Can't wait for my next trip through Phoenix.
3	My friend and I stopped here when we were flying to Hawaii for a few drinks. We tried the Bloody Mary Jane and mimosas. Their mimosas are made with prosecco which I love and am so happy about. The Bloody Mary Jane was made with vodka and mescal which gave it a smoky flavor. I think too much fresh basil was used but I'm the least biggest fan of basil so take that as it's worth. We also ordered chips with a side of pesto dipping sauce. The sauce and chips were good. Prices are airport prices so be prepared for that. I would stop here again if I were in the phx airport for some drinks and quick snacks. Oh, a mimosa is $13... Maybe I won't be back...
5	Food was amazing! Had the chopped salad, vegetarian style, and my waiter TJ was attentive, helpful, sold me on the salad!! Travel for work all the time which is not fun but can't wait to come back and eat here!  Please franchise in San Jose!
4	So good I amost skipped the place due to it's stupid name.   Definitely eat here for airport food it's da best!
5	We had a layover in Phoenix on our way to Albuquerque in both directions on our recent vacation and happened across this great find.  We couldn't believe it was airport food.  There were 4 of us and everyone loved their meal, both times we went.  The chopped salad was amazing.  We all split a piece of chocolate cake for desert and it was great as well.  If you're at the Phoenix Airport, this place is a must.  Service was great as well - we got in and out in plenty of time for our flights.
5	I just had the best hamburger of my entire life. If I lived in Phoenix I would drive to the airport just to eat here.  Great staff, great food I have to tell you I wish my flight were another hour later. Elizabeth T. Could not have been more pleasant. I will be back but not soon enough.
5	Our server was even better than our food. Keena was fast, knowledgeable and efficient for our party of 10. We had been traveling for awhile and she made dinner great. Our food and her wine recommendations were perfect.
1	Worst service ever. I requested a quesadilla. When I asked the server what was in the quesadilla, she explained how it had beef in it. I asked if I could get it without meat. I was told no, that they would NOT. I said then I'll have to cancel my order. She rolled her eyes and stormed off!! My friends and I just canceled the whole order and walked out. Many more options at the airport.
5	Anytime i have a delay in the PHX airport, I trek over to the B gates to get some Cowboy C.  The stetson salad is very good with a generous portion of salmon, and the open face steak sandwich is steakhouse goodness on a bun.  The bread pudding is excellent with the right amount of sweet and a surprise bit of heat from some pepper flakes in the sauce.Definitely ask for TJ if it is your first time in.  He will guide you based upon what you like and wont steer you wrong.  In addition, they can get you in and out quickly if you are pressed for time.
5	Great service, nice place to chill if at airport early, quick walk over to b gates if flying Us airways.  James was a great server, nice, and enjoyed the enchilada breakfast with scrambled eggs rather than fried.
3	Bartender was cool. One male Wait-staff have ridiculously crap attitude. To the point he wouldn't move out of my way to let me pass by him to my seat; just stared at me as I had to squeeze by him running into other patrons. I'd love to hear why personnel like this have jobs.
5	Wait staff (T.J.) was awesome;  energetic,  a lot of pride in the brand and presentation and menu-smart.  I had the open-face steak sandwich. It's a 5-6oz filet mignon that was perfectly medium rare and very tender. I personally would have preferred fries over chips,  but didnt know that so didn't try to substitute anything. My daughter had the quesadilla of the day and said it was really good but that the chipotle mayo dressing was outstanding. Considering what you usually get at Phoenix's airport for food, this was a real treat.
5	I had a four hour lay-over in terminal 4 and wasn't quite sure how I was going to kill the time.  Saddled up at Cowboy Ciao for wine and lunch, and have to say, the Stetson salad was one of the best salads I have ever had (and I eat so much salad, I am practically a rabbit).  Naturally, the wine was properly chilled and delicious!  This was an absolutely perfect experience, as the service was phenomenal (her name was Elizabeth) and not once did I feel rushed or like they didn't want me lurking for too long.  I travel through this airport very often, and this will be a regular stop!
4	Wow, not bad for airport food! We had a connection at Sky Harbor, and it was 1 Eastern so I grabbed something to eat across from our gate. The line was fairly short, but it took forever. I don't know if that's because an order was complex or it was just slow, but it was bad.I got a west coast wrap with chips, and it was pretty pricey. The wrap was excellent though. It tasted very fresh and had plenty of stuff inside it. The chips were exceptional--probably some of the best chips I have ever had.What can I say? Good airport food! All right! Thumbs up!
4	A good, but rather expensive, spot to eat at the airport.  Being fans of the Scottsdale restaurant and by convenience of being just feet away from our gate, my wife and I decided to grab a bite at Cowboy Ciao before boarding an overnight redeye from Phoenix to London. I love the quesadilla del dia (of the day) concept.  Sure, it's probably the expiring stuff that they need to get rid of, but when folded into a tortilla with melted cheese, who knows any better.  I'm shocked mexican restaurants don't use this idea.  We also had a west coast wrap which was quite tasty.  The chips served with the sandwich were great.Just a word of warning, Cowboy Ciao is pricey.  With tip and just water to drink, those two orders came to about $29, and they were probably the two cheapest items on the menu.  It's good food, especially for airport dining, but it will cost you.
4	Had the Mac and Cheese and the Pork Hamburger with avocado. Good restaurant for being in an airport.
5	Cowboy Ciao just gets it right. If you've been the the full fledged restaurant before you won't be disappointed with the airport version. The food is on par with the traditional establishment and far exceeds what you would expect to find at an airport. However, with that comes a relatively hefty price compared to typical 'airport food'. If you're ok with paying more to avoid the traditional grab and go Chili's/Applebee's fare then give this place a shot. Restaurant is spacious enough and servers/bartenders recognize that you have someplace to be without bring pushy or rushing you.  I'll be back!
5	Best airport food in the country. I'm a cowboy/rancher and I approve of this beef. Not allowed to have steak knives in the airport sooo... They drop really tender beef on your plate. And they cook It to perfection. And in picky when it comes to how my meat is cooked. So to speak. Get the testosterone salad.Eat beef.
1	So, judging from the rest of the reviews, I guess I caught them on a bad day.  A day bad enough for food poisoning.  I don't think I would return, even if it was free.  meh.
2	$19 for an over-cooked and virtually tasteless burger. The menu describes it as some type of exotic beef. I've had far better for $7.00 at Alphys in Arroyo Grande. Might have been better if the waitress - Monique - had actually cared. When I pointed it out, she huffed and said, "what would you like me to do, take it back?"Can't remember the last time I left a ZERO tip. Poor food is not the fault of the server. In this case the food was only exceeded in its poor quality by the server's attitude. And to continue the rant - it takes a ton of attitude for a restaurant to think its food is so tasty that they don't need to put salt & pepper shakers on the table. The chef at Cowboy Ciao must think his poop doesn't smell - but he's wrong.I travel for business 10-15 days a month - eat in airports nearly every day I'm on the road. Cowboy Ciao is right up at the top of my worst experience list.
4	Very, very pricey. I just hope the price is consistent to the taste.I thought my braised Korean ribs were really good. The meat was tender, easily falls of the bone. The mash potatoes were okay, a little cold when I got them and the veggies were cooked well. This and the other sandwich place are probably good bets to have good food in the airport.
1	This place is packed - so why give a flying ... about a single traveller. First question at the door "do you really want to wait???" So what's the alternative? F*** off???Next stage is the server with excessively negative and stressed out attitude. On the shittiest available spot at the bar he takes somebody else's order first who arrived with me and takes off. When I want to place my order he gives me s*** that I'd have wait my turn which "for sure takes another 10 min hehehe....". At this point I am ready to walk but give it another 30sec. Cancel the ordered drink and earn a loud and clear "PERRRRFECT". Picture of 'person' posted. Keep away from maniac and this hole. Actually, I liked them and had dinner with clients in Scottsdale many times (used to recommend their mushroom dish) but that's it!Unfortunate and bad experience. Go to McDonalds next time
5	I have been traveling through sky harbor every Thursday for the past 5 months and I make it a point to visit Cowboy Ciao no matter what gate I fly from, even D.  The regular bartenders Doug, Tige (think that's how it's spelled) and Marsha are excellent.  They are super personable and go the extra mile for their guests.  The food is great, albeit a little pricey, but in an airport cannot be beaten.  I'd recommend the quesadilla, among the best I've had anywhere.  Back to the bartenders - especially Doug and Tige - these guys are the real reason I've visited so often and referred family and friends.  They create a truly enjoyable experience to hang out at the bar while waiting for your flight and take care of and appreciate repeat guests.  In one instance the bar was completely filled as were all tables.  Doug personally made me an additional spot at the bar and quickly poured a cold beer - what service during a long day of work and travel!  I recommend this place to anyone traveling in terminal 4, it can't be beat.  Unfortunately Doug was not working my last visit but I snapped a snazzy pic of Tige and Marsha.  If you want to see a picture of Doug hard at work taking great care of his customers, take a peek at the a**hole review from 2/2, which I would completely discredit.Cheers!
5	Great salad. Great wine list. Chronic Cellars Purple Paradise for under 30, incredible deal. Kenna was a GREAT server, very friendly and attentive. Good to see local restaurants represented among the chain madness in the terminal.
4	The food is awesome! Particularly, the quesadilla del dia and the chopped salad are great! Even the bread pudding cake left us scooping the plate dry.One fault- the margaritas are way to tart and sweet. Don't expect a real margarita; it's counterfeit. But don't let that steer you away from this place in terminal four, space D. Everything else is great, especially the Bloody Mary's!
2	Okay I stopped by here this morning with well over an hour before my flight and got to the terminal just minutes after the door was already closed. Two hostesses this... One named Monique I believe. Both had attitudes with the customers and their coworkers. It took forever to get service and I got up to leave... Then the server rushed over like a police dog. I ordered a simple breakfast... The cook brought that out in only a few minutes. The server brought my orange juice about 12 minutes later. While eating, a guy (20's?) shows up with two girls and Monique is no place to be found. Next thing I notice is him feverishly picking his nose and 'flinging' the 'catch of the day' out onto the restaurant floor as well as at passing by travelers. Now that's class!! The girls with him were not phased by the incident. The food I ordered tasted ok... Much like Waffle House except higher priced. It was next to impossible for me to find the server for the check. Monique was out if range as well. By the time I was able to chase this lunatic down and pay for my food I was late for the plane. Thankfully a little information got me on the plane. Won't be going back to this place!
5	We had dinner @ their restaurant in Scottsdale last night, and this place may be better!  We are @ the bar and the service was awesome! Hayley had the chop salad (they offer chicken here too, instead of salmon) and I had the testosterone salad...really good.
3	Best bruschetta! 2 with tomato, 2 with mushrooms, both with cheese :)Decent drink.Good fast service.Prices average.
4	It is all about the Stetson Chopped Salad! You get a choice of chicken, smoked salmon or avocado.  I went avocado and licked my plate clean.  Well, kinda.  Almost.. I am a lady.  Sometimes. lol. The wine list was above par for an airport spot and all the bartenders were amazing.  Nice ambiance and a friendly vibe all around.  All smiles. Aaaaaand power outlets everywhere! Seriously,  2-3 for every seat.  Brilliant.  Who doesn't need to charge their phone/laptop/ipad while traveling??? The name is odd to me because it sounds like a BBQ place made a baby w an Italian restaurant....when really it is New American/Southwest-ish.  Who really cares what the name is though? Definitely one of my fav airport spots.  Hats off.
5	Awesome new spot in PHX;, which they have needed for a long long long time. I got the testosterone salad. Amazing. Blu cheese crumbles, rare steak, good greens. Beats normal airport food any damn day.
5	Delicious Testosterone Salad - Lovely wine choices- Fast service- got to plug in my phone and charge before I got on my next flight. Will definitely go back
1	Nice place in many ways, HOWEVER you cant go here.  Thats right, you can look but you cant touch.  Got lucky twice while traveling through Phx and actually sat in this wonderland, and had a nice time with cool music and good service.  All the others times - No me toques !!  In fact it was insulting how hard it was to get a seat.  We walked away after a 45min wait, standing like idiots in traffic.  Is the food great, no, are the drinks special, no, is the service great, not so much but it is better then most places.  Whatever the reason for the cattle-call at Cowboy's I dont really care, a place is worthless if you can not be there.  All I saw were clowns camped in their seats milking one drink for hours while people like me, who spend $70 in a sitting, are homeless.  The seat'er also had an attitude.  Tells us that certain seats are taken or the person is coming back.  However when we returned one last time 30 mins later the same seats were empty.  And I gave the main server (possible owner) a $20 tip last time, like a fool. SO, we walk down to ZINC, got a seat quickly, great service, same drinks as anywhere else at the Airport, and better food then Cowboy, very nice food in fact, and spent time in an open-air, nice place with good music and lots of conversation.Ciao Cowboy Ciao.
5	Definitely the only airport bar I've enjoyed in my life. I mean, I've been to fun airports and had fun times, but I've never heard Bernard Purdie, Evelyn Champagne King or Toro Y Moi, or anything at all that resembles music, let alone music that I carry around with me in my pocket. For real, I have 500 songs on my mp3 player ('08) and one of them is Hap'nin by Bernard Purdie (arguably the most sampled drummer of all time, really), so I was natutally excited to hear funky jams while drinking local IPA's despite plane delay. I forgot I was at the airport, and that's all that mattered to me at the time. Good chats with crazy folks from all over 'Merica, and amazingly swift and beyond competent service. These folks are trying, and they're winning. Decor ain't even that bad. All aces, even for a picky vegan from far away. You're lucky to be stranded in Phoenix if you end up here.
4	Amazing. Phoenix always amaze me with many good restaurants. Surprisingly this restaurant is at the airport. next time, this would be my stop for food at phx.
4	Awesome service and amazing food!  The menu is a little limited but everything I have had is delicious.
5	Not cheap but great food. You get what you pay for and the filet mignon was perfect. Good selection of wines and friendly staff. TJ served us and was great, attentive and friendly and also knowledgable about the wines offered. It's airport good but it is good airport food and worth the money.
5	I seriously cannot knock the quality of food. I had the fillet mignon which was cooked to perfection and my knife sliced through like butter.It isn't easy on the credit card, but it is very good food and attentive service.
5	So grateful for a fun place to eat when stuck in PHX on a layover!I asked one of the helpful attendants walking around the airport where I should eat, and she pointed me to Cowboy Ciao with no hesitation. She said that on occassion, she and her husband drive out there just to go eat the scallops. (She works there, so I assume that that's cool). Officially intrigued, I frolicked off to get the scallops. And they were awesome. They were crusted with some kind of nut (corn nuts? I think?), and served over a hearty risotto chock full of delicious veggies. Nothing on the menu looked boring. The guy next to me ate a burger topped with pulled pork, avocado, and a whole mess of other awesomeness, and declared that it was fantastic. Way to go PHX, for stepping up your game for hungry travelers!
5	Best airport food EVER! Located directly across from Gate B21. I highly recommend this place! The food is outstanding!! We ordered the truffle mac-n-cheese, bruschetta and THE STETSON CHOPPED SALAD! It was amazing! I got grilled chicken instead of the smoked salmon and added avocado.
1	While traveling on business from California, I stopped in here and got their testosterone salad. It wasn't the best tasting salad and was a weird combination of ingredients, but this wasn't the worst part. Food poisoning, I was throwing up all night and the next day. How do you screw up a salad?!
4	Walking in the service was prompt and courteous. Keep in mind I am traveling on a holiday which in my experience has been very light for airports in traffic. However I was seated and greeted very quickly. Our server was fantastic. Highly attentive and very personable. After perusing the menu for a while, it was very hard to choose as things seemed out of my normal dining choices, not bad, just different. So my motto is when in doubt grab a damn burger. So I got the pulled pork burger and my daughter, as usual, had a grilled cheese. (If you ever wonder where the good grilled cheese sandwiches are located, just ask me.)My burger showed up and looked simply delicious. I could not wait to taste it!! I cut it in half and took my first bite....and I was slightly disappointed. It was lacking in all the flavor the menu description promised. The chips that came with it were okay but also tasted like nothing. I ate half of the burger then started to read my book. About 10 minutes later I picked at a few of the pieces of pork and avocado that had fallen off the burger and scooped them up with the chips. So good! It was like the meat needed to sit for a minute to get some flavor lol. Bow the burger as a whole was not horrible. The meat was very good and tender and cooked perfectly for me. (I ordered it medium.) Even after we spilt a glass of water all over the booth the server was still very nice and just ran over to help as much as he could.
5	Simply the best airport meal I've ever had.  The servers go out of there way to explain every item on the menu to make for the dining experience you've always wanted in an airport.  Not stuffy, anything but.  Super hip and cool atmosphere.  The open faced steak sandwich was delicious.  Blue cheese on potato chips - genius.
2	Breakfast enchiladas were good but someone put the whole salt shaker in the salsa. This made them hard to eat.
5	Just went again after a 3 mo absence....holy crap the quesadillas are phenominal!! To top it off the bartenders are even better- can't believe they remember me!!! I must have left a terrible impression.  In all seriousness this is the best airport bar/restaurant and I credit that to the service and secondly the food. And I love the food!
4	Awesome, friendly service. The beef in my salad was melt in your mouth tender. Far exceeded my expectations.
5	This may be one of the best airport restaurants in the US. Pricey, yes for an airport but I think worth it. The chopped salad was one of the best salads I gave ever had. Very, very unique. I will always come back here when I am at PHX
2	I like what HMShost is trying to do here by bringing in more up to date attractions/restaurants to combat the negative review in 2012 stating SkyHarbor as one of the worst places to get a bite. The hostess was sweet. We opted to sit at the bar, as it was very crowded. After being ignored by the bartender, my husband got up to ask the hostess if we could sit at a recently vacated table. She obliged, just in time too, because after her got up, one of the bartenders left the beer tap on directly in front of his seat and beer started to over flow on to the rail and on to my Husbands phone. I caught it in time. At the table, and our server was Jake. He was pretty awkward. Husband ordered the chicken wrap, I ordered Testosterone salad and we split a mac and cheese. Jake turned around before I could tell him how I wanted my steak cooked. Husband ended up liking his wrap. Chips were good. The Mac and cheese was ok. But my steak was borderline still mooing. I sent it back and got the green side salad. Turns out I don't like blue cheese. Or maybe I don't like how much of it was in the salad. Either way, not impressed. My water glass went empty for he second half of the entire meal. And my husbands coke was only filled when the hostess (yes, not the server) asked me if I wanted to send back the salad, then she took my replacement order. Go to McDonalds instead....I feel like I say that a lot. And I haven't been to McDs in yrs...so take that for what it's worth. Ha
5	Best airport food I've ever had. Better than most regular restaurants too!  Salads are super fresh and flavorful!
5	OMG!!!! The food here is sooooooo good!!! The Chopped Salad will make you miss your flight! The service is the BEST I've experienced in awhile!
5	Lost in a maze of airport food, this was a fantastic gem! Lots of fresh ingredients in their varied and very appetizing options.
1	Elizabeth with black short hair was one of the most rudest and annoying employee I have ever came across at a Resturaunt.  This place has a great rep from it's place I. Scottsdale.  Let's hope this lady will not ruin it with the new one at the airport.  Horrible service, rude, and annoying- unbelievable
1	If there were less than 1 star, or negative stars, I'd rate it with that. I have been sitting here for upwards of 40 minutes and have not been approached once. I ordered my beer at the bar and then took a seat along the wall, and on two separate occasions the waitresses; two depicted in my attached photos, stood around socializing scanning the room, and conveniently not realizing I was sitting 10 feet away from them. So my glass is empty, no one has asked me if I would like an appetizer or a meal, and there are probably two or three other people with a quizzical look on there faces, wondering if someone will notice them too.  I wish I could have attached a picture of the time going by as I sit here with an empty glass and the table with no food on it.So the girl depicted in my photograph finally approached me and then scolded me for having not followed whatever protocol they have for establishing a tab. Apparently if I bought a beer at the bar and then chose to sit down at a table I am prohibited from attaining any additional service.  It's the girl with her hair in a fountain style ponytail.
5	Honestly, if you're in another terminal and have the time, take the walk down to B just for the inspiring Stetson Chopped Salad. I asked my very enthusiastic server, TJ, to recommend a dish and it was the first thing out of his mouth. It's petty rare that a restaurant has a salad as a signature dish, and after having it I can see why it is.I had it with the salmon, and then there's some dried sweet corn (sth new for me), couscous, chopped arugula, trail mix (you heard right) all in about-equal portions. This is less a salad and more just a delicious dish. If you don't like it, message me!
4	With every bite of my breakfast enchilada I would forget I was in the middle of my 2.5 hour layover having breakfast at an airport eatery.   It took a little longer than I like for someone to come over and take my drink order but the waitress made up for it by being very attentive and knowledgeable of the menu.   Very tasty and way above the norm of what you'd expect to get at an airport.
3	I didn't have any food here but the service was awesome and the Bloody Mary is super spicy and delicious!!
5	This place is wonderful!! Finding a yummy and relaxing and welcoming place in an airport is usually a fruitless exercise. But... If you are in the Phoenix airport for a long-ish layover, make your way over to Terminal 4, and the B concourse. Right by gate B22, you will find a place with delightful options, both in food and drink, and also delightful people. The staff is attentive, courteous and engaging, without invading your space. My husband and I are both vegetarians, so options were limited, but the Burrata Insalata salad was unreal (see pic). Buffalo Mozzarella, arugula, grape tomatoes and a huge helping of avocado topped with a few fried shallots--as I said, UN REAL. Price-wise, for a sit-down slice of heaven in an airport, $11 is hard to beat for a delicious and filling salad. I also had a glass of wine (zin from chronic cellars) that was delicious and about $8. You will do yourself a favor if you head over there. It helped put a bad previous flight experience and a long layover out of my head. Enjoy!!
4	AWESOME BREAKFAST ENCHILADAS! And a friendly bartender who provided quality service. Countertop was sticky but otherwise the best place I could have passed time in Terminal 4.
5	Have eaten here a couple of times now since stumbling upon it at the airport. First meal, the crazy signature burger that you should never eat all of, but can't stop yourself. Second meal, the mushroom pan fry that you should never eat all of, but can't stop yourself. Come hungry. Service is friendly and attentive.
5	I cannot get enough of this place. I have yet to try something on the menu that I do not like. Their port vinaigrette is to die for. So is the brisket, tiger shrimp, mac n cheese... you pretty much can't go wrong with anything you order, it's all amazing.
5	Yummy Stetson Chopped Salad. Great service- quick but not rushed. And wall plugs to charge devices while you dine. Well worth the walk from another part of the airport.
4	The Stetson Chopped Salad with chicken is fantastic.  Located in Terminal B across from B21.
4	Is it sad to say I was actually excited to go to the airport early? I really was, and all because one of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix is at the airport. Yes, Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport actually is a gourmet mecca with places like Cowboy Ciao, Barrio Cafe, La Grande Orange, and Chelsea's Kitchen finding their home there (just to name a few). Now, other airports just don't compare!This menu at the airport compared to the menu at the original location in Scottsdale has some variations. Due to the diverse types of people from across the country, or even outside of the country, that encounter this restaurant, the Stetson salad can come with shredded chicken instead of the traditional salmon for example. The "equal parts" of each salad ingredient idea has taken the culinary scene by storm. Its recipe was even featured in the prestigious Phoenix Magazine, known for its literary prowess in describing new restaurant hot spots. Being a meat-a-tarian, it's hard to admit that it is one of the... Oh well let me be honest. It IS my favorite salad!I paired my stetson salad with a bourbon drink.. Well actually two of them and ordered the truffled macaroni and cheese (also a Cowboy Ciao staple) because it's nothing short of awesome! Sprinkle anything with truffles (or truffle oil, but truffles preferably), and your taste buds with explode with overwhelming flavor. Our waitress made a mistake and ordered us bruschetta instead of the truffled mac and cheese when putting the order in, so she gave the bruschetta appetizer to us out of the kindness of her heart and sincerely apologized. I'm glad she did because with all the other intriguing menu items, I probably would've ordered something a little more adventurous than bruschetta, but I'm so glad that she did, because we loved the bruschetta! The edges of the bread were crispy but the center was soft but strong enough to hold either the tomatoes and cheese or the mushrooms and cheese, depending on what bite you were holding at the time. So simple, but so good! Definitely worth a bite.. or several!It kills me that some people will stop by this restaurant and just think it's an average airport bar-restaurant gig, when it's actually something amazing.
2	I have sat at the bar hear numerous times and have gotten great service. Twice I have been seated at arable and have had terrible service and once told I needed to have at least three in my party to sit at a table.The same man and women have provided poor service and were unprofessional both times.
2	High expectations, bad awful service, I sat down waitress came by took my order and that was the last I saw her. Didn't order a 5 course meal, just a burger . Come to find out my order was given to someone else..30 minutes later no food-unfortunate....what a total waste of my time!
4	Okay.  It's in an airport with all of the connotations that implies.  But oddly I have learned some really good places to eat are in airports.  The sad part is that if you are not flying somewhere you are not going to be able to eat there.In any case, this place is nice, clean and, my god quick with the service.  We barely ordered and the food was out to us.The Open Face Steak Sandwich is tender and flavorful.  I am impressed.  The chips served with it are excellent, the piece of advice I offer up is to be careful of the blue cheese on the chips.  Mild is not a word that goes with this cheese.  In fact my first bite clearly explained to me that I was having a chip with blue cheese on it.  Or more accurately I was having a chip with my blue cheese.  Wow!!!!!Still thought it was good and if I pass through here again I hope to eat here again.
5	Some of the best airport fare I've ever had.  Creative dishes and well put together come to mind.
4	Stopped here for a late lunch before catching a flight. I love this place! It's eclectic, they play cool music and the servers/bartenders really take good care of you. I ordered the Upper Manhattan for a cocktail - which was made perfectly. I also tried the Testosterone Salad and it was amazing. Grilled beef tenderloin with leafy greens, huge raisins and Maytag blue cheese. It doesn't get any better than this. The meat was cooked perfectly and all the flavors really came together. For a first time visit, this salad really hit it out of the park for me. They have a really nice wine selection here, and the range of food to choose from will make any foodie happy. The atmosphere here is also different. I can't put my finger on it - but the bartenders keep the customers entertained and everyone seems to really have a good time here. I will definitely stop here again next time i'm passing through terminal 4. Given the typical lousy airport food options most travelers are used to, you need to give this place a try!
4	There was no actual description in the menu. Instead of the expected listing of ingredients, there was a single quote from a customer who loved the dish. From Yelp,  I knew it was a fav and saw the photos of the chopped salad that looked pretty unassuming. But when I asked my server if I should go with this one or the Testosterone Salad, she unequivocally pronounced that the restaurant is known for the Stetson. With this kind of enthusiasm, I went for it, and I wasn't disappointed. Smoked salmon, crunchy pepitas, coucous, dried currants, peppery arugula, sweet corn, juicy tomatoes came out with a side of buttermilk dressing. As I was about to stir it up, my server offered to do this for me, which seemed so formal in such an unformal setting, but I appreciated the gesture. The mixture was perfectly balanced and fresh, and I felt full without feeling guilty. Plus, I am a sucker for smoked salmon.Would definitely return if I'm ever in this airport again, just for this salad. It was a hard choice considering the fact that there are actually quite a few restaurants in this airport that are rated highly on Yelp.
5	Had the Lester burger, it came with green chile pulled pork on top of a burger with bacon, cheese and avocado! WOW, the burger was excellent... Have also had their chop salad before too and it was great. Food service was extremely quick too, little pricey, but expected for an airport location.
1	FOOD POISONING... I ate here last night and 2 hours later spent the entire night throwing up.
5	I hate airport restaurants. You're trapped. You don't have much choice. The staff are generally unhappy and mildly interesting. This place was sooooo different!We started with drinks. The choice and selection is amazing. They can pretty much make any drink. The food - unbelievable. Started with the infamous Stetson salad. It's incredible. I've never had anything like it!Short ribs and fillet minion were incredible. The best part - Terry - out waitress. She is awesome. She was so caring and diligent - unseen in most restaurants - much less an airport one!I would consider coming to the airport just for a meal here - forget about flying!
4	Is it just me, or is airport food getting better?  I stopped at Cowboy Ciao in a hurry before my flight.  Vegan food isn't always easy to find in an airport, but Ciao hit the spot.  I had a spinach wrap loaded with arugula, tomatoes, avocado, salsa and corn.  The wrap was super fresh and tasty but it was the potato chips that took the meal to the next level.  The homemade chips were a little thicker than average, and were very brown.  I used to toss out the brown ones in favor of the pasty white chips.  Not anymore.  These thick, perfectly browned and salted chips were among the best I've ever had.  If you're catching a flight at Sky Harbor, check out Cowboy Ciao, and get those chips!  Oh, and the counter lady was super nice!  Nice matters!
4	A pretty good airport restaurant. The mushrooms by themself are worth four stars. Very good service.
3	just two drinks and an appetizer in between flights.  Was trying to watch the football game, but they kept messing with the channels and changing channels, it was a little annoying, not sure why they were doing this, but people seemed agitated like us.  Didn't spend much time there, waiter was helpful but offered no suggestions. Took a shot in the dark, it was okay to pass the time.
4	This place is great and it's in an airport! Really great. Nice music, great food, amazing beer and very nice staff.
4	There is eating a burger and diet coke at McDonalds in an airport and then there is having a glass of red wine and a fancy chopped salad at Cowboy Ciao in an airport. Your choice. Right there in terminal four is Cowboy Ciao. A delicious change from the typical airport fare, Cowboy Ciao has a variety of libations, casual dining options like quesadillas, and my entree of choice, the Stetson chopped salad. They do a different spin on the salad by using israeli couscous, kale, currants, roasted corn, and avocado (veg option). It results in a great combination of textures from the crunchy corn and currants, creamy avocado, and pumpkin seeds. The flavors are fresh and you don't feel overly full before sitting on a plane for few hours. Plus, with a nice glass of red wine, you might just sleep through that whole flight.
4	Situated opposite gate B21, Cowboy Ciao was work the hike from terminal C. Restaurants at airports tens to be sub par and expensive. However my experience here was quality food and fairly expensive. Firstly the ambience and service was great. My server was super friendly and was able help me through the various tantalizing dishes on display. I finally went with the exotic Mushroom dish, served on double baked Polenta. This dish consisted of 9 different types of mushrooms in a delicious cream sauce.  This entree is rich in flavor and is pretty substantial. I struck up a conversation with another traveller who had their signature salad. I had a taste - was refreshingly delicious and if you are looking for something lighter this is definitely a salad worth trying!!I give it 4 stars ... But the prices are a little on the high side, so I give it 3.8.
5	Here's an oxymoron for you: amazing airport food. Wha what? Would probably only give it 4 stars but the fact that it's in an airport definitely bumps it up. Entrepreneur Magazine named it one of the best new airport restaurants and with good reason. The food is delicious. The service is a bit slow, but overall a great experience. The chop salad is phenomenal. Definitely have that. You can sub stake for a $6 up charge. Totally worth it. And next time I'm planning on adding avocado. It's a bit spendy, but good food on travel is honestly priceless.  Highly recommend it.
4	The Stetson chopped salad with smoked salmon was such a unique mix of equally balanced tasty ingredients. Delicious! Even to-go. It would have been 5 stars if it weren't $13 for a salad... But it's still worth it to let your taste buds indulge in this experience that you can't find in a salad anywhere else!
2	If you're like most people, the customer service you receive at an establishment is what will make it or break it for you. The cost of dining out is so exorbitantly high (especially at airports) that you would THINK an emphasis would be placed on customer service, right? Even decent customer service can offer some justification of the money you're doling out for airport food fare. For this reason, I usually don't visit a restaurant without first reading the reviews. Cowboy Ciao (Phoenix airport) has received favorable reviews because it does serve pretty decent food and it's a nice place to go for drinks and catch a game or two if you have a long layover. What made my experience a negative one was because of the hostess. I'm pretty sure her name was Kimberly. I went there today around 1pm. I was the FIRST of three people waiting in line for a table. When she came to seat us, she immediately grabbed the SECOND guy in line and said, "Dave, right this way". HE was even surprised that she skipped me to get to him as evidenced by the look of delighted surprise on his face and his response of, "Seriously?" As she marched him to the last available table, I looked back at the THIRD guy in line who shrugged his shoulders and laughed. When the hostess returned, I was fully expecting her to escort me to at least a comparable table but what she said was that there weren't any tables left! Instead, there were high-chaired seats against the wall where you get a beautiful frontal view of all the hustle and bustle going on in the kitchen, while you dine facing away from the TV. (Can you detect my sarcasm? ) I get that you may want to give special treatment to who I'm presuming to be a regular patron but there was absolutely no justification for that. I'm sure Dave would've come back even if you seated him in the kitchen. I, on the other hand, am forming my first impression of the place and that could've cost the restaurant my business as well as whoever else was in line after guy #2. So as upset as I was, I took the seat in front of the kitchen because I wanted to give the place a shot despite the unprofessionalism exhibited by the hostess. I ordered the Truffle Mac & Cheese, the Burrata Insalata and the Cornbread Bread Pudding. I enjoyed the Insalata the least but the Mac & Cheese and bread pudding were pretty good. My server James was nice and attentive. Was the food enough to make me return and drop another $37 on food & gratuity after the hostess set the tone for my experience there? Nope. I hardly ever write reviews but my experience with the rude hostess at CowBoy Ciao motivated me to write about it. And from now on, I will write reviews for good experiences too because establishments that provide good service should receive a positive shout out.
4	Layover for two hours and thought I'd re the cowboy ciao. Major yum! Had a glass of very good wine (very short but complete wine list) and the burratta salad. I liked the salad so much I ordered a second helping.
5	Best salad ever!  A must at this airport!
5	This was a great experience!  Service by TJ (also known as JT) was fabulous!!  Salad was great and prices were very reasonable.Will definitely come here again when back at the airport!
5	Had the testosterone salad yesterday and it was pretty darn good I'm back again today and had the breakfast enchiladas they were even better I would recommend ordering a side order of flour tortillas with butter to accompany them.  Gave it 5 stars since it is outstanding for airport food.
5	Breakfast Enchiladas were beyond delicious. Presentation was 5 star, and flavor backed it up. I will make dining here part of my regular airport experience. Definitely not what you expect for "airport food". Great job!BTW - The service matched the food!
5	Cowboy Ciao at the PHX airport may be the best place I've eaten in an airport, ever.  I got to the airport extremely early one trip and camped out here. The food was impeccable and the service followed right behind. It was a win/win situation for all.It was still early so after discussions with the bartender, I enjoyed the breakfast enchiladas. Do yourself a favor and give these a whirl. If you're not in the mood for this kind of twist, I'm sure anything else on the menu is amazing and made to perfection.
5	Wow, can't believe this is in an airport! I'm glad it is. Stopped here for a quick breakfast, ordered the breakfast enchiladas & they were AMAZING! Great ambience, great service, so full & satisfied!
5	Really good chopped salad. I got it for take out and it was still delicious. Highly recommended.
4	Great service - shared a communal table with some interesting people and watched a bit a football whilst waiting for a flight. Food would be 4 stars and service 5+.
