4	Country Diner alert!!  All your breakfast  and lunch diner favorites !  We have passed this place literally a million times and kept wondering what the food is like.  Well we wonder no more.  For lunch today we stepped into a bit of what reminds me of an Oklahoma Diner , I could almost see my  country country cousins stopping by this place.  The menu is full of classic sandwiches like French Dip, Monte Cristo, Hamburgers and other American Sandwich Staples.  The menu is big on Breakfast and has lots of Omelettes to chose from .They even mark all the low carb items so you for those South Beachers it's a little easier. For starters Linda our server was instantly like family, she was sweet and kind . I love the way she talked to my daughter like she already knew her , "So Sammy what are we having today?" Linda was extra helpful and made great recommendations  .She even warned us about the size of portions and boy she wasn't kidding. Linda did a great job keeping glasses full and prompt service. We noticed in this small establishment  there  were four servers , whoa that's rare these days. I had the avocado Omelette which is big , with super nice chunks of avocado , no salsa  but I never asked for any either. The hash browns were not my favorite style  more mashed than chunky but you decide. You can chose yummy fresh made daily biscuits or toast. Plus One( husband) had the  Prime rib and eggs breakfast which he couldn't finish. The prime rib had good flavor for breakfast not top quality but pretty good, considering we are in a diner.  This is one of their specialities and if you are hungry it's perfect. This also comes with hash browns, eggs, and two humongous cupcake sized biscuits with a well seasoned gravy. If I wasn't low carbing it that would have been lunch! The decor is cute and quaint. The care and thoughtfulness of the staff shines thru.They talk to each customer like they are old friends and some of them were. When you are passing thru No Pho   give them a try.  They are open for  lunch and breakfast  only.
3	HUGE portions of classic American breakfast favorites are served up in a cozy, casual atmosphere decorated by license plates from every U.S. state as well as miscellaneous choo choo train decor.  Order small, or bring a big appetite.  Pancakes are great, and served with very high quality Appalachian maple syrup.  Omelets and hash browns don't disappoint either.Come early or late, because the breakfast rush hours can be busy.  Actually don't come late, because when they run out of biscuits they won't make more.  Silly policy if you ask me.Seems to be a favorite of local law enforcement which is a good sign in my book.
3	Don't order the pancakes!  Well, unless you are going to share. They are bigger than a dinner plate. Otto himself was waiting on me and when I ordered the pancakes with scrambled and bacon he took a look at my aging self and recommended I get the kids portion which only comes with one pancake instead of 3.  I still didn't finish it.  Most of the omelets are available in a smaller size too.  There is nothing fancy or pretentious about the food, the service or the atmosphere.  Just basic and well done.  Outside dining is folding chairs and tables.  This is not a place you go to be alone with yourself or others in your party.  All the tables are in the open and you end up talking to your neighbors and pretty soon you start to feel like one of the family.  As an example of basic the check has a list of what was ordered and a total,no line item pricing no break out of tax, just a total.  It works and it fits the atmosphere.  I got there just before 7 on a Saturday morning and was only the second occupied table at that time.  By the time I left at 7:30 it was starting to pick up.  They also do take out.
4	The American love affair of  breakfast =  eggs has always frustrated me. It's my living version of the  Monty Python spam song. Trying to substitute eggs in most places leads to the kind of look that could be expected had you asked them to reassemble an already cracked egg and push it  into the hen's vent for the next diner.  -So I didn't even try .I ordered a open face chili burger and hashbrowns. They'd run out of biscuits, yep that's why there's no five.  No biscuits and gravy is as acceptable as unsweetened ice tea.. never:)The dish that arrived was a housing project! I am no stranger to the x3 hash browns at the Waffle Hut ( I take my  bitch there after all ) but I couldn't  clear my plate and nor could my wife finish hers .  We're seriously thinking about splitting a plate between us next time. Coffee service was constant, almost religiously so.  This is a real breakfast , for a really fair price and I look forward to visiting again.
2	Whoa. Whoa. Whoa.I walked into this place freshly showered and smelling like roses, but walked out smelling like grease, clogged arteries, and fat induced mothballs. Yuck. I found this country diner on yelp and was smitten by the "world's largest omelet" sign on their window and reviews of large, huge, and monty python sized portions. Holler. I walked in and asked for their "world's largest omelet," which is actually a world record Crazy Otto's broke in year 2002, thus the "credit." Oh. I was a bit disappointed, I'll admit. So I ask for the the "full" size ortega beef omelet (6 eggs), hash browns, biscuits and gravy. The biscuits were dry and the gravy was drier. The omelet was pretty large, but came with a puddle of grease on top of it. The hash browns were...hash browns. The Ortega beef chunks were probably the best thing about my meal. Even better, was the service. I don't know if he was the manager or what, but he told us a little bit about the history and origination of Crazy Otto, which served to be interesting and food for thought. So...they get 2 stars for service and portions.Look, I love diners. I love huge portions, bustling waitresses that call you "honey," and hearty, soul food meals that are full of carbohydrates, but this place was just way too greasy. It's a wonder how my perfume mixed with my hairspray didn't ignite a blazing flame throughout this place with the amount of grease that was in the air, seats, and food?! Holy smokes.Will I ever go back? I'm all for second chances, but the thought of it just made me throw up a little in my mouth. So the answer is gonna have to be no, for now.*Shivering*
4	Visited there last weekend with my partner. Previously I was a Waffle House fan, but I have a new favorite now. I ordered the crazy combo, which is a 1/2 order of ham, bacon and sausage (yes, all three) 2 eggs, hash browns, and toast. First I'd like to address their half order of ham. We're talking almost an inch thick 6 inch wide hunk of ham. Seriously, between the ham, bacon and sausage, there was half a pig on my plate. I have to admit that I'm anal about my eggs. I always order them over medium, and this is one of the few places that ever gets that right.I didn't order the pancakes, but I saw it on another table and it was massive. Half an inch thick and bigger than the platter it came on. I'm afraid to see their Belgian waffles.Everything was wonderful. Coffee service was borderline obsessive-compulsive. That's always a good thing.I would be giving them 5 stars but my hash browns were more mushy than I like. We'll be back again.
5	From the outside Crazy Otto's looks like the kind of place I would pass by without a second glance. (Although the name is pretty catchy so I suppose I might look twice.) Inside the decor is simple, license plates adorn the walls and the tables are just tables. But where this place really stands out is in the food.I had read the other reviews and expected to see gigantic pancakes. Crazy Otto's did not disappoint! These things were huge! The spilled off the platter. Platter mind you, not plate. The boyfriend ordered the stack of three. One would have been enough, even with me stealing a few bites.I ordered the eggs, bacon and hashbrowns. The bacon was fine, nothing amazing, but the scrambled eggs were cooked just right and the hashbrowns were the best hashbrowns I have had in Phoenix. Only Al's Breakfast in Minneapolis has better 'browns. They were cut thicker than most and had a rich buttery potato flavor. I would go back to Crazy Otto's just for that alone.Overall, I would say if you care more about what's on your plate than what's around you, you'll love breakfast at Crazy Otto's.
4	hobo eggs dish = ridiculous. My waiter warned me that it was "alot of food". I thought, ok, it's gonna be a big plate of food.I was wrong, way wrong. It's not a big plate of food, it is a MOUNTAIN of food! http://twitpic.com/awqxk A tasty mountain of hashbrowns, onions, tomatoes, mushrooms, peppers & eggs, with the majority of it being hashbrowns. This behemoth of a serving had me shocked & joyed. Crazy Otto's made my day yesterday. I'll be eating leftovers all week.
4	Went here Saturday Morning around 9:30ish... Trust me a good time to eat here.. I've been to this place at earlier times and it gets really busy. This place isn't that big, but wow is the plate sizes. Crazy amount of food for a fair price. Picture the show: Man vs. Food, this is otto's with every dish they put out..I ordered the Chirzo Burrito, and my husband ordered the Machaca Plate. We both ordered coffee. The coffee was nice and strong, really woke us up that morning. The service was right on que, filling our cups numerous times, so we got pretty wired before our food came out. When our food came out we dug in.. oh yeah, that's what I'm talkin about. My Chirzo burrito was freakin huge, and the meat, potato's, and sauce was really good. There's just something about Otto's Potato's that are my favorite.. They taste so fresh so perfect. Ok, this may sound weird but I've eaten here before and just ordered a side of potato's, I know.. that's really bad, lol.. but they are deli sh.. I only got about half of my burrito eaten before I thought I was going to burst. My husband meal was huge also.. I took a few bites of his, and it was good to. I think next time I come back though I'm going to stick with a morning classic dish, with some eggs, potato's (of course) and an English Muffin's are so good too, lots o' butter). All I can say is:"Get in my Belly"
3	First thing I have to say, is believe all the other reviews when they talk about the amount of food you will get here!  The second thing I have to say is that everything is average.  Crazy Otto's excels with service, as it is extremely quick, attentive, and efficient.  We were able to have breakfast in under 30 minutes.  That's a good thing for me.  The food however is just average at above average prices.  I got bacon, eggs, toast, and hashbrowns for my meal.  I was served a massive platter of food that I knew I wouldn't finish.  The bacon was okay, but unfortunately some parts of it were burnt.  The eggs (scrambled) were actually really good!  They were light and fluffy and very tasty.  The hashbrowns were no good.  I never get good hashbrowns unless I am at Matt's.  I was pleasantly surprised that nothing felt very greasy.  I probably won't go back because there about a million other places just like it and I would rather go somewhere new.
3	So when someone puts a lot of subpar food on my plate it really just leads to a lot of subpar food getting thrown out.  I wish this place would focus more on quality than quantity.  I ordered the meat combo that featured ham, sausage, and bacon.  The ham was just okay, the sausage was lame, and the bacon was too hard.  The 6 pounds of hashed-browns that were under all of this meat were terrible.  The only saving grace were my eggs.  They were some of the best scrambled eggs ever.  Nothing special about them, they were just the perfect flavor, texture, and consistency.  The service was good and the place is cute.  I enjoyed looking at the license plates on the wall and they have some train that gives out free food.  Those are good things, I think.
4	I found myself here staring at the menu thinking "they have whole and half omelets, what can the difference really be?"  I decided that there's no way a whole omelet anywhere could beat me.I was very, very wrong. The full omelet here is truly impossibly huge. I'm rarely beaten by breakfast but, wow.  The bacon and avocado that it was stuffed with was the perfect combination of flavors.  The toast was a little on the underdone and cool side, but in the face of that heap of eggs and hash browns, it kind of gets pushed aside anyway.
4	This is a favorite place of mine.  The spinach and cheese omelet (I get it without the bacon) is really good.  The pancakes are the best--do they have a secret ingredient in them that makes them better than other pancakes?  I'm trying to figure that out.  I just tried the corn beef hash and it was very, very delicious.  Biscuits and gravy are to die for.  The hobo eggs make the other huge portions seem positively wimpy- my father-in-law ordered it and I swear it was like 5 pounds of food.  He barely made a dent in it.  This is a great place for someone like me with a big appetite!
4	We went to Crazy Otto's for breakfast today based on a recommendation by complete strangers while waiting for our food the other day.  From the outside, it says keep going, but the food was really good. I ordered the french toast with scrambled eggs and hash browns. The french toast was great! The eggs and the hashbrowns could have been cooked a little more for my liking.  My boyfriend ordered the belgain waffles, eggs over easy and bacon. He said all of it was good. Even the side order or toast was fresh.  The only bad part  of the meal was the orange juice. It is a little pricey- $27 for two people for breakfast.  I'd consider going back...
5	Great little diner. Prices are very reasonable. You get a ton of really great food for less than a lot of other places. Warning: you will never see bigger pancakes than the ones here. You will Def want to share.
5	Yummy! You have to have a serious appetite to finish a plate from here. The half omelette is bigger than any full I've seen. And someone at a table near by got the pancakes and they were huge! There was 4 of us that all ordered different things and everyone really enjoyed their meals. I ordered the Denver omelette and the ham inside was soooo good. Very juice and tender. Cute little place inside to. Diner feel for sure.
5	This place has the BEST PANCAKES I have ever had, IN MY LIFE. It would be foolish on your part to not make it a point in your life to eat ANYTHING here. Eveyone that I was with enjoyed their meals. Well, we more than enjoyed our meals. I don't now that there is word for how much I loved my pancakes.  They are absolutely massive and delicious. The edges are a little crispy. They must cook them in some type of magical laboratory... with butter. The other people I was with had a BLT and a grilled chicken sandwich. The BLT was certainly not skimpy on the bacon and the chicken in the grilled chicken sandwich was moist and delectable. Go to Otto's now. NOW I tell you.
5	Simply amazing food. Wish they served dinner.
2	Gravy is like paste.....
4	I am always on the hunt for a good breakfast spot.This is definitely going on the list of regular places to visit.I had an enormous pancake the size of my plate; flavorful with crispy edges..perfect!The waitress informed me that 1 would be enough for me, so I had an egg and 2 slices of bacon. All very good.The coffee was good too, an added bonus :)My husband had the avocado omelette which was also very, very good.Interior of the restaurant wasn't anything exciting...but the food makes up for it.Server was nice and attentive.
1	This place is HORRIBLE!! Ordered the chorizo breakfast burrito. It didnt have any chorizo in it at all! It was dry and made of corn beef hash. Which they are trying to pass off as chorizo I guess. When I asked if they had maybe got my order wrong the waitress simply said No you got the chorizo burrito. However I am SURE that is not what I got. Couldnt even eat it and they didnt even care. I spoke with the owner about it and all he said was that he would love to take me into the kitchen and "show me" the chorizo. TERRIBLE customer service and the WORST breakfast I have ever had! Its really hard to screw up breakfast! Dont waste you time!!
3	While I reserve the right to upgrade this my gut is 3.5 stars rounded down Thanks yelp. Service: 5 stars, granted there were only us and 2 others for a short time. The staff was great and friendly. Food: 2.5 Stars, I had a burger and knew that it was not going to be the best burger ever but decided to try it anyway. They Flat Grill (fry) a hand pattied 1/2lb burger and serve it with mayo, mustard, 1000 Island, let and tom. While it was not over cooked it was too thin to cook med rare. The flavor was ok but there was no seasoning at all on it. The fries needed salt desperately also. There was a small and I mean small cup of what appeared to be coleslaw.. wow it was bad. Building: 3 Stars Clean open, plenty of light. Looked nice to me. I WILL be back for some breakfast.
3	A-OkNice place. Nice people. Not a destination for a burger.Hope to try breakfast soon.
2	Mike & Rhonda's is our "go-to" place but on this fine morning we found the line to be WAY-TOO long to negotiate.  Further down the road is Crazy Otto'sThe greetings were warm and the place is cozy.  The menu had the promise of a great meal and the excitement built as we all ordered.Upon the first bites of each of our party of 4 our collective excitement subsided into a bland plate of mediocrity.  Painful to have such harsh word were the kindness and customer service are 4 star....but sadly the food is bland and in need of a kick in the pants.A very nice "thank-you" rang in my ear as we departed, and I hope the Crazy Otto will raise his game to where I know it could be.Tons of potential.
4	Excellent service, huge portions, simple food, done well. Friendly diner atmosphere, ample off street parking directly outside.
5	Crazy Otto's is truly a crazy place.  Not knowing that this was a breakfast and lunch only place, we arrived at 1:50.  Closing time was posted as 2:00.  We went in, expecting to be asked to come back another day, and were going to try the middle eastern place across the street.  but the waiter told us, "The sign says we're open till 2, so if you show up at 1:59, we're happy to serve you!!" And happy it was.  We even had a nice chat about the economy and how it is not economical to stay open past 2 these days unless you get a large dinner crowd.     The food was nothing short of delicious, and the decor is, well, crazy.  LIke the waiter said, "check you licesne plate on the way out, it might wind up on the wall!"  I had been looking for a good BLT for a few months now, and when I ordered one here, I expected just another typical BLT.  But I was surpised by the genoerous amounts of Bacon in the thing.  Most places just give two or three slices, but this one had plenty more than that, and crunchy, too!! A generous helping of mayo made irt all the better.  The order of Onion rings had only 5 rings, but they were huge, so it was like getting a large order from some fast food place.  I can't wait to go back and enjoy this place again!!
5	Love it !!  I'm from Iowa and that is as close to that Midwest comfort food as you can get !!  Huge menu & HUGE portions.Very friendly & attentive staff !!  Would recommend for breakfast or lunch !!!
4	Good food in a nice diner atmosphere. Food came quick and was delicious once we got it. A little pricey, but you can get anything you'd expect from a diner. Good place for a quick lunch or dinner.
5	The best corn beef hash in Phoenix
5	This is the bomb for breakfast. Name your own omlette, ham, bacon sausage, chorizo, grilled onions its huge $10 w/american fried potatoes and good coffee, like $10 but there's enough for three meals.Really good BLT too.
4	I can't speak to any of the post-breakfast food here but the breakfast is definitely very good for the money.Is it any serious gourmet s*%t? Heck no. It's a nice big, hot breakfast for a very reasonable price. The staff is very friendly as well, especially to groups. No grumbling about multiple checks, seating, anything like that. Try it out!
5	We ended up here because Cracker Barrel had a long wait and a north Phoenix Good Egg closed down..I remembered seeing this place while shopping at the Fresh and Easy across the street and always wanted to try it and was glad we did. We drove up to find it wasn't too busy which worried me lol..atmosphere reminded me of a small town diner and was bright and clean. I ordered the turkey and cheese omelette with hash browns and biscuits and gravy. Food was cooked perfectly and flavorful and all I can say is come hungry because they aren't stingy with the portions.. Biscuits were huge and smothered with this awesome bacon gravy. I saw them bring out pancakes to a girl and imagine 3 medium pizzas on your plate and that's what size these pancakes were..I think she was embarrassed for having a plate with so much food lol. The place filled up after we got there but seems to be a hidden gem in this North Phx shopping center. They serve lunch but haven't  tried that yet. If you want to avoid the long weekend brunch lines check Crazy Otto's out and make sure you have someone who can wheel you out lol.
5	Crazy Otto's is a family tradition.  The omelettes are good (order the half order - I beg of you!), the bacon is great and the pancakes are fabulous.  We usually order one pancake for the table and it's more than enough.  They are quick with the coffee pot which is a big plus.  In addition, the staff are really nice.  I once saw the owner be super nice to a little boy that was being berated loudly by his Mother...the boy was just being a kid and she kept yelling at him to sit still, be quiet, etc.  David offered him some crayons and a coloring book while he waited which was very sweet.
3	Don't get me wrong, the food is good. I had the sausage omelet and was practically licking my plate afterwards, but I was put off by the service. It was lackluster at best.I would probably come back, but wouldn't make a special stop.
4	Been to Crazy Otto's for two times and will definitely be back. Tip, bring your appetite!!!  This is a place which you will feel instantly at home. Exactly what you will picture thinking of a local diner. I went here with a few friends and couldn't believe the size of pancakes! I honestly think 2 or 3 people can share them. I'm hoping that Man vs Food comes here to attempt to eat them! I tasted them and they were good. On the two times I've been here I've had the omelette. I had the avocado, bacon, cheese and  just the bacon and cheese with cheddar. I have to say probably the best omelette I've ever had. Comes with a hash browns and choice if toast or biscuits and gravy.  Come here early because sometimes they run out of biscuits. Great breakfast. I've only had the half order but for a dollar more get the full sized. I know I'll come back with my wife and we will end up sharing. Easily one of the best local restaurants in northern Phx if not in the valley. I've always had good service as well.
4	This was my first time by this place and wow. The proportions are huge! Prepare yourself to eat because the size of the plate infront you you will have your eyes gleaming. Not only is the food delicious but the people are friendly and make a great bond. I can proudly say, I love this place and will become a regular!
2	We met our son and daughter-in-law here for Sunday morning brunch, based on YELP recommendations. Looked like a tasty and fun place to go.  The server was friendly, but the service itself was average.  My half spinach mushroom omelette was really greasy.  My husband ordered the full omelette which looked the same size of mine. We asked for tabasco and got wing BBQ sauce.  And the place wasn't even that busy.  Seemed they were not on their game. Likely won't be back and won't recommend to others.
4	Have been going to crazy ottos for years. We had all our family get together s there when we lived closer. They were always very courteous even when we came in after the 12:00 mass with a group of people. We were never turned away. We pretty much stopped using this place as a family meeting place when we moved to a different part of the city. After not being there for quite a while we stopped one day when we were in the area, an much to our surprise, the waiter said he missed our family visits and ask how everyone was doing. We were treated like family. I forgot to mention the food or the memories it made when a grandson ordered three pan cakes with eggs and hash browns, I still Remember the look on his face or when our granddaughter ordered the hobo breakfast. Everyone at the table helped her eat it. My personal favorite is the half chicken liver omelet. Don't turn up your nose it's great I also love the gravy( I think it's made with ham or bacon drippings) mighty tasty. It's my wife's 73 birthday on Monday and she requested to go to Crazy Ottos for brunch. We will show up with 15 to 20 people and they will accommodate us as they always have. For my personal taste I  prefer them to the place, they serve bisquits that taste like. Bisquit made with baking soda not yeast.
5	Incredible service, portions, and flavor.  My new favorite breakfast place.
4	Crazy Otto's is crazy good.  I had a bacon and pepper jack cheese omlette (half order) and stupidly ordered the biscuits and gravy thinking it would be one bisuit with a bit of gravy.  It was two huge biscuits smothered in gravy.  The omlette was delicious and the bacon was really good (thick cut and meaty rather than fatty).  The hash browns were good too.  The biscuit was fluffy and wonderful as was the gravy.  Looking forward to leftovers when I am hungr again, which won't be for a long, long time.
4	It's a nice little place to stop in for a quick bite to eat. The French toast and bacon were really good however I didn't like their style of scrambled eggs.
3	Food was great. However The servers appeared very unhappy. Service was satisfactory but certainly wasn't service with a smile. Also was waiting for the Crazy Otto train to have the chance for a free meal but no deal. Probably won't be back again.
3	Solid.  Good food, lots of it, good service, lots of it.  Love the convenience of the counter service.  Could have used more spice but next time I'll just order a menu item  with that specific intent.
4	Heres the deal its a great neighborhood go to - the pancakes and omelets are the big draw and the french toast is good to. They offer lunch items as well and i dig the shrimp plate :) staff is really on point and friendly and u find everyone from early worker bees to people in jammy attire :)
4	We have been going to Crazy Otto's at least once every 2 months for the past 6+ years!  Most of the visits were when we actually lived out of town or out of state and when visiting friends / Family this is our "go to" breakfast spot. And now that we are living in AZ again our visits are more often. Small but very busy, friendly with great food and yes huge portions!! We like it!!
4	I've been to Crazy Otto's a few times now, most recently this past weekend.  I was hungry and opted for the eggs, bacon and pancake combo.  I got the fair warning of how huge the pancakes are and accepted the challenge.  The order came out quickly (I imagine its a simple plate to make, especially as a single order).  I cleared out my eggs and bacon (thick cut and delicious) quickly and made my way to the pancakes.  Needless to say I only made it through half of the triple stack.  They probably could served as a meal by themselves as they are larger than a full size dinner plate.  Overall service was great, I'll be back!
2	I've been here for breakfast a few times. I have no idea why this place is so busy. It's way overpriced on every single meal and not any better than any other breakfast place. I find the food boring and small. The standard price here is $9.00 or higher. There may be 3 items cheaper than that and they're all small. Their "cheap" breakfast is $4 for 1 egg and hash browns. I find that unacceptable. I go to far too many places and I've never seen any restaurant that serves a 1 egg breakfast, especially for $4.00. You can go to Country Boys at 35 ave & Cactus for their standard $3 special with 2 eggs, hash browns, toast, and meat and you get multiple breakfast options for $3.00 at Country Boys. The cheapest other  breakfast on this menu is $6.75-$7.50 for french toast and meat. Otherwise, you're paying $9+ for everything else. I've had the corned beef omelette, twice, boring, flavorless. Today I had 2 very small eggs, small portion of hash browns, and biscuits & gravy. The biscuits were large and homemade. Gravy flavorless. I just wouldn't recommend this restaurant. Pricey. No flavor. Small portions. I'm only giving it 2 stars because they do serve giant pancakes. Get their pancake breakfast and split it between 2 people. I feel my self aggravated after paying so much for a meal when I'm leaving still hungry. Go to Country Boys. If you don't get their $3 breakfast deals, you can print off buy 1 get 1 free coupons off their website. Anything you order on the regular menu is buy 1 get 1 free. If you've got 10 people in your group, you can use 5 coupons and get 5 breakfasts free.My favorite breakfast place, Ollies Omelette House. 51 Ave & Olive. Quality. Fair pricing. Great food.
3	A very standard diner with all the things one would expect to see.  An old fashioned cash register, typical older style tables / chairs, and a greasy feel in the air.  The pancakes are bigger than your head - fair warning!  You'll want to share those mammoths with someone if you order them. My fiancee had the corned beef hash which he enjoyed.I think the down side to this location would have to be the service. They seem to be very efficient with getting food on and off the table, but other than that it's not overwhelmingly personable here. It's a busy location so I can forgive the idea of wanting to flip the table quickly to handle the rush(es) for the most part, but ringing up someone's bill without talking to them is a but much.  Overall: BDefinitely an "A-OK" place to eat if you are in a diner breakfast mood.
4	I have been coming here for years. The owners a great people and seem to remember everything. I'm from a really small town in ohio and this place reminds me of home. The food is always good and there is a ton on your plate. I always get a ham and cheese omelet with an English muffin. Although a friend of mine got the French toast and i thought about stealing it. Great hidden gem. I will continue to be a regular here. Try the pancake challenge if your man enough.
5	Very friendly employees, awesome food, and the portions are insanely huge. Definitely a place to go when nearby..
3	Portions are ridiculous, though the food sometimes lacks flavor.  The lil' man got the kids pancake which had to be the size of a 16" pizza.  He had leftovers for two days for.  I ordered the hobo eggs which was also massive but didn't have any distinguishing ingredients or flavors that stood out.  Decent breakfast stop, but nothing to seek out.
4	We wanted to try a new breakfast place and WOW were we impressed.  The place is small and "seat yourself" so going with anything larger than four people might be a nightmare.   It's all standard stuff for a breakfast and lunch place.   We will be back.
1	I can't go back there any more.  I love the breakfast but I can't take David, the rude server anymore.  I've been going there for years and it is always the same.  The last time I was there, he made a big issue with another customer about my changing tables. I'm pleasant and courteous to him but he is just got some repressed issue. And despite his dour attitude, I've always tipped him well.Carlos is great but he isn't usually serving.  Crazy Otto's is off my list.
1	If I could give no stars I would...Waiter was rude..He needs manners. Was a little pricey for atmosphere.  Breakfast for two was 26.08$ not even name brand jelly (WHAT!! no Smucker's for these prices) on table for toast. My Spinach omelette was greesey, hash browns under cooked... Cornbread hash was dry hash browns under cooked as well biscuits were tall cake like biscuits with not enough gravy to handle the biscuits. . (Feel better served if cut in half gravy on top) When our food was given to use so was our check.. The place wasn't busy and I was going to order a breakfadt to go for my daughter.. we must of hit the sweet spot for time 9am-930 soo I feel placing what I owe with the food I purchase puts a BAD TASTE in my mouth. Will not eat here again ... This was their second chance with my hard earned money that I want to spend it elsewhere but here.
4	I started coming here with coworkers and I really enjoy it. There's a small town feel with this diner and the food is good. This is not a cookie cutter diner like Village Inn or Denny's, so don't expect a three dollar breakfast that leaves you feeling still hungry at the end.The portions are big but a little pricy hence my four star review. The staff is friendly and quick to get you your food and drinks. I read other reviews that the staff was rude, but that hasn't been my experience at all.This place deserves at least one try from everyone. Some will really like it and others may not, but give it a try. I did and I will be back for many years to come.Enjoy.
1	We have been coming here for awhile but lately the food quality has gone down and the prices are up. This is really a shame. Hometown diner feel with great friendly service. To bad the cook sucks! I guess we have to remove this from our list of places to eat. Bummer.
3	Good food, decent service,  gravy could have been more spicy, will go back to try a crazy Otto burger
4	This place has a throw back diner type of feel to it. I is a little neighborhood place that I think mostly locals really know about. This is by far a breakfast restaurant, which HUGE breakfast  helpings. When they give you the option of a half or full serving, you should really give some thought to the half serving. However, I do believe in going big or going home.This is one place where I try something new every time and this was the third time I have been here. Their omelets  are very good and the full serving is the way to go. Their Philly Cheese Steak was average and I felt like it was a little under sized. Finally there are the pancakes....these have to be the largest pancakes in the valley! They are just huge and hang over the edges of the plate.If you are searching for a old fashioned diner or just in the mood for a truly filling breakfast, this is the place for you.
4	Good food, good service, good price. Great little place. I don't understand why so many places get breakfast so wrong but this is NOT one of them! Big menu, big portions, perfect place to power down right before a Saturday morning nap!
1	Can't really say much about crazy Otto's diner. The waiter made a snarky comment to my father while he was trying to orderThe food was very bland and had no flavor. The price for the two of us with a cup of coffee included was $24 dollars this was way too high for the quality of the food and service that we received. We will not be coming back to this place again
