5	Possibly the best food bargain outside of a down-market casino in Las Vegas!They don't have In-N-Out Burger in Chicago, where I'm from, so I always try to stop here when I'm in Vegas.  The food is really fresh, including hand-cut french fries.  Avoid this place on the weekends and during lunch, however; it gets really crowded.
3	I try 2 limit In-N-Out 2 a minimum so when I do have it, its off the hook...I had it the otha night afta not having it 4 a few months...That sh!t was soooo on point...No lie...Burger was burnt, jus right...Fries were soooo bomb...Enuff said...
5	Awesome burgers!  They have the best in town.  Only place I would get a milk shake.
5	In-N-Out is the bomb, fresh, never frozen burger & fries joint!Real ice cream shakes, fries that were still potatoes earlier that day, and Animal Style... Need I say more?
5	I've been an In-N-Out Burger fan for over 20 yrs.  Since my first bite into an In-N-Out Burger at their Camarillo location when I was in High School, I've been hooked.Now that I'm well into my 30's, my visits to In-N-Out have dwindled to only a few times a year.....I can't seem to burn the calories like I use to, so visiting one is a huge treat for me.  Last night was one of those nights.I ordered a Double Double & a Cheeseburger & Fries.  Of course, they came out prepared just like I remember them.....Sloppy, Drippy, and Nom-ilicous!  I am talking about the Burgers....ok?  The Fries are my fav's too.....you can always tell that they were just cut moments before I walked into the door.  I love it!This location is the closest to my house, but for some reason I've never eaten here.  The drive thru was a madhouse of course, but there was no line inside....bonus!  I love watching them prepare the food as I wait....It amazes me that they can crank out so many burgers and fries so efficiently and consistently.....one of the major reasons why I come back.Will I return?  That's a stupid question.....of course!
5	It is the original and still the best! There are times you just have to have In-N-Out no substitutes! This location maintains the high standards of the chain from great food to clean restrooms. Love it!
5	This is the essence of growing up in Southern California and heading to the original Baldwin Park, Ca location was something we did often. It's nice to get a little bit of something from home. It's just good old Americana and I think a bit of that is part of it's appeal. Definitely when it comes to a big chain, these are great burgers. I love that when there are a bunch of fast food that sold out to prepped preserve laden foods that In-N-Out is still keeping it real. Fresh, simple, hot food can go a long way. I love a animal style double double but I sometimes also get it animal protein style (wrapped in lettuce) when I'm feeling something crisp. Can't beat some animal style fries and a shake too. One random thing that I like is that In-N-Out pays their employees fairly and most people look content working there. I had a friend in highschool who loved his job there that he stayed all through college. A big company that cares about their customers and their employees is always a place that I can get behind.
5	In & Out never fails on taste, quickness of your order however, is a different story. Sometimes you can get it within 2 minutes, sometimes 10. Aside from their timing, I've never got a wrong order or an order thats anything less of delicious. I usually get a cheeseburger with onions and tomato and animal style fries with a pink lemonade.
5	What can i say that hasn't already be said time and time again about this California burger staple.  I left California a little over three years ago and when I'm craving a taste of home In-N-Out is where I go.  Meat, cheese, grilled onions, tomatoes and lettuce a classic and tried but true combination. An unstoppable, planet aligning equation guaranteed to provide any , man enough, consumer with a tender, juicy, run down your forearms experience. Put a double double with grilled onions in front of me and it's on, a shark weekesk feeding frenzy not for the faint of heart.  Mothers shield their childrens eyes as the carnivorous food orgy commences. A flesh ripping, sauce slurping, finger licking no holds barred burger grudge match. Like a great white shark leaving no evidence of the massacre behind, except for the random pools of sauce and gooey cheese drippings letting people know something seriously wrong happened here, something gluttonously psychotic, something delicious.
3	This In-N-Out is near and dear to my heart, half of my high school nights were spent here. It's always clean inside and out and the service is usually friendly. The pink lemonade is super refreshing and the fries are always great! The burgers however are somewhat of a rip off, they're tiny! I never noticed until I had to eat just a hamburger wrapped in lettuce because of a diet I was on. They do make a good burger, but most of it is sauce, lettuce, cheese, tomato and onions...not the meat.
5	Best in-n-Out in town
5	What can i say? In-n-out. Best fast food burger joint. Cheap and fresh.
4	Since Ohio doesn't have In-N-Out, I made a pact with myself that come hell or high water, I would eat an In-N-Out burger during my trip to Vegas.  Two hours, a monorail trip and a $25 cab ride later, I simultaneously accomplished my goal and realized that if I put as much effort into realizing my dreams as I put into eating delicious hamburgers, I'd probably be a lot farther along in life.While In-N-Out isn't my all-time favorite fast food burger (Three cheers for Five Guys Burgers and Fries!) it's still one of the best I've ever had.  Yes, I had it Animal Style.  And yes, it was delicious.  Call me a freak if you will but I would've enjoyed a little more mustard mixed into the meat.The best parts of my In-N-Out experience were my fries and shake.  At first, I was too busy digging into my cheeseburger to notice just how light and crispy my fries were.  Even more impressive was the fact that... Brace yourself... In-N-Out's fries actually taste like potatoes!  But as good as the fries were, they barely held a candle to what might have been the best fast food milkshake I've ever had.  Before my trip to In-N-Out, I was under the impression that White Castle had the best chocolate shake around.  It's always nice to be proven wrong, especially when being proven wrong means you can give White Castle a little less credit.For years, I've heard In-N-Out described as the Mecca of fast food.  My verdict?  While In-N-Out might not be my favorite burger joint, I enjoyed every moment of my holy pilgrimage and would gladly make it again.
3	Pretty decent. Serves a good cheap burger. Animal style fries are delicious. Definitely a dozen steps up from burger king, mcdonalds, other chain restaurants but still pales in comparison to the shake shack. Sorry shake shack has superior meat, superior juiciness and flavor. Overall I find in and out extremely overrated and overhyped. I heard so much I was expecting my mind to be blown. I left really satisfied and happy but it's really not THAT special. Still it's a good burger and if there was one around me, I think I'd actually stop in once in a while.
4	I made my limo driver take me though the drive thru at this in and out. That was quite interesting give their oddly shaped drive-thru lane.Usual In-n-Out fare, which is to say excellent.
5	Dirt Cheap and Damn good. There really isn't anything I can say about In-N-Out that has not been already said.  Oh and one of my favorites is the Neapolitan Shake (You have to special order it but its worth it).
5	Cheap, Taste awesome. No big menu's to where you can't decide on what to eat.Do try "Animal Style" wether on your fries or burgers. It's thousand island, bacon and cheese.I'm a Cheese Burger Fanatic!!!
5	Cheap, simple, and very good.  Customer service is top-notch every time I visit.
4	I have waited so many years to finally try In-N-Out and it was like heaven. Everything was so fresh and flavorful and outshines any other fast food places in the country. Be sure to look up other menu options online since they only have the simplest things listed on the board. Animal style fries are amazing!
5	The best and consistent fast food burger you can get. All they serve is burgers, fries cut fresh in front of you and excellent shakes. The staff are always very friendly. I have become a vegetarian and when i cheat a couple times a year, the meat i will eat will be a IN-N Out Burger. That is all i will miss not eating meat.
5	In all my years living in Las Vegas...why haven't I ever reviewed In-N-Out Burger???  This place is like an institution on the west coast!!  They even have one within walking distance to my college alma mater UNLV!  Yes, yes...many good memories...some very memorable, some a lil' hazy thanks to my introduction then to cheap liquor...and even cheaper college women.  Nah, just kidding!  I think...I frequent this In-N-Out the most now a days.  Since my 1st succulent bite at In-N-Out as a prepubescent college geek I've been hooked ever since!  This is my go-to place for a burger when I don't want to think about having a burger.  It is my wingman on a Friday night when I'm doing a Taio Cruz (now sing it, S-O-L-O!), my buddy when no other cheap eats will do.  It is the Robin to my Batman, the Chong to my Cheech, the Ivory to my Ebony.  Wow, I just realized I need to get out more.Back to the lesson at hand, In-N-Out is really what a hamburger is all about!  Really!  They got the K.I.S.S. thing (Keep It Simple Stupid) down to a science!  No overcomplicated menu, no fancy schmancy, no bad attitudes!  Just meat, cheese, potatoes!  Easy!  I have never had a bad burger at In-N-Out...ever.  If you have, either your order was wrong (which they will gladly fix), or In-N-Out isn't your kind of place!  Everything here is fresh, fresh, fresh, and that is the key to the great burger and fries.  Fresh meat (not frozen like that McDonald's place), fresh cut fries, fresh lettuce, tomatoes, and onions!  The cheese might be processed a bit, but ah, I give them the benefit of the doubt because it's so good!  And they serve COCA COLA!  Yeah, forget you Pepsi!  Sorry to all you Pepsi lovers, but I was born in GA (but yes I am Asian..and yes, I am from Hawaii) so I'm keepin' it real and being loyal to the homies out in the A-T-L.If you've been to In-N-Out you of course have seen their main menu.  It's only got 3 combos on it!  1-The hamburger, 2-The cheeseburger, and 3-The Double-Double.  How hard can it be to log in an order?  Please!  Even a drunkard can squibble out a number and still be pleasantly fed.  But if you're a fan of In-N-Out or have been coming here for a long time you know all about the 'Secret' menu.  Right?  Come on!  OK, the cat is out of the bag:http://www.in-n-out.com/secretmenu.aspWas that so hard?  Now you can order like an In-N-Out connoisseur just like me!  Here's my usual whenever I hit the joint:#2 Combo - Cheeseburger 'Animal Style' with extra grilled onions, add raw onion, extra pickle, add mustard, fries well done (trust me, they are good), and a Diet Coke with lemonSee...simple!  Deliciious!  If I'm feelin' really good that day I'll get the fries 'Animal Style' as well!  What's better than fresh fries topped with cheese, grilled onions, and In-N-Out spread?  It may not look appetizing but damn are they tasty!  Need more meat?  Get yours in a Double-Double(2 meat-2 cheese), or a 3x3 (3 meat-3 cheese) or 4x4(4 meat-4 cheese)!  I once knew a guy that liked an 8x8 (8 meat-8 cheese) but that's a bit much for me!  In-N-Out prides itself on cleanliness, so for the most part the restaurant is very tidy and not funky smelling.  Service here is fast and consistent, while still being very friendly.  Often times the line will be out the door, especially on weekends and late nights!  I constantly see 6-7 cars stacked in the drive thru on a busy day.  You know your burger is doing OK when your neighbors are Panda Express, Raisin Cane's, On the Border, and SmashBurger..and your place is still packed!Enough of this, the thought is making my mouth water.  I will gladly run extra laps and do extra crunches for this meaty delight!  I feel so bad for you vegetarians and 'Raw' eaters.  How can you not love In-N-Out?  It puts the "Ooooooooo" in "Moooooooo"!!!
5	In-N-Out is a bitter sweet experience for me.  It's not quite as perfect (or guilt free) when I am not covered in salt water and worn out from surfing, but it still gets pretty close.We would make it here more than once every Vegas trip if they had a better location.  It is still quite a hike from Excalibur (which we also have to hike to because who would want to stay at Excalibur?) but worth every step. Every burger chain that pops up and gets compared to In-N-Out tastes like white castle in a head to head.
4	I will have to say that the hype is a bit overrated.  It's a good burger, but not the greatest burger.  I would take it over most other fast food burgers like Mc D's or Jack'n box.  I would have to say that I enjoy it about as much as a Carl's Jr Famous Star.  I did not like the fries the first time I had them, but they have since grown on me. I would have to say that one good thing about In 'n out burger is that you can order it any way you want and they always get it right.  You really can tell the freshness of the food, without a doubt.  The only bad thing is the wait.  If you go when it's busy, you will definitely have to wait about 2 to 3 minutes longer than most other places but they make up for it in quality.  I would also like to say that the cooks at in 'n out are the fastest moving workers at any fast food chain I've seen.  I sure hope they get paid well, because they appear work very hard.
5	This place clearly knows what they're doing, and they continue to do it long after opening their doors. While other fast food joints water down their menu with a jack-of-all-trades approach, In-N-Out sticks with a small menu of items they've perfected. The only thing I've seen them add is coffee, a Kona blend that's very similar to what's offered at Jack in the Box. That's where similarities end. When the economy slides down another notch, their prices only go up by a couple pennies. McDonalds and Taco Bell hold no qualms about jacking up stuff 35-65% whenever they feel like people aren't paying enough for the egg on their McMuffin or the Fritos in their burritos. And In-N-Out doesn't water down their drinks. If anything, they intensify the syrup and blast it with extra carbon dioxide so that the bubbles furiously retain their presence. And the water tastes clean, an amazing feat in fast food around here.All items are fresh and trucked in regularly. I don't even think they have a freezer, because nothing is frozen. The meat is always cooked medium-well, with the slightest sliver of pink remaining in the middle, just enough to retain extra flavor while still being completely hot. Vegetables are ice cold, which can be potentially problematic if your burger sits for a long time without being eaten. Best to attack that thing as soon as you get it, because nothing compares to the bliss of a freshly prepared burger at this place. And never does it sit under a heat lamp. As soon as it's done, it's in your hand.A standard Double Double contains two 1/8 lb patties. This is typically enough, despite a culture that expects our burgers to weigh as much as a human brain. Considering this is more meat (and better meat) than a Big Mac, I don't see the problem. But if you really want more, they do this weird thing there where they put as many patties as you want. Considering the burgers are fully customizable, from the number of patties, cheese, toppings and even the inclusion/removal of the bun, it's hard to see where you can find fault with the burgers. Short of ordering it animal style, they don't even charge for extra toppings.And speaking of animal style, there is no greater sin than animal style fries. Whenever I feel like throwing caution to the wind and indulging my inner fat kid, that small hill of cheese, sauce and fried onions is enough to bring a tear to my eye. A full meal at this place always leaves me satisfied and jovial. And while I enjoy hitting the other places every so often, never does it compare to the immaculate In-N-Out.
4	Ok everyone born on the west coast, Yes in-N-out is good. I don't think it's the best. The fries are ok, unless you get them animal style, you won't be disappointed. The burgers are good, as well as the shakes. Wish they had more variety. The way it was described to me by all Cali natives, it was mind blowing. Not as good as the hype, but definitely on point...
3	This place is a classic, so of course everyone raves about it, but in all reality-ITS REALLY NOT ALL THAT GOOD. Ya, for fast food its pretty decent, but don't expect to get anything decent here other than a hamburger. Their menu is really limited, and I know they have a "secret" menu with items like animal style fries, but what average person who comes here knows that? They don't offer a veggie burger or anything other than a grilled cheese which is rubbery cheese on a hamburger bun and a tomato on it..if you think this is quality food, think again. I'm not saying In-N-Out isn't better than mostly all fast food, I'm just saying it's not really the dining delicacy that everyone makes it out to be. Its just sort of average, that's all. It should be called OVERRATED instead.
5	Love this place! Took Parker there for lunch today and  they were so sweet to the kids and our burgers were delicous!!
5	What to say about In-N-Out? The best hamburger hands down. Then again I am biased. I have been a long time fan since I can't remember. I used to live near the original In N Out. Every one I visit offers the best tasting, juicy burger along with the yummiest fries. There menu is simplistic and there customer service is top notch. I can honestly say that not a single order ever screwed up. You just can't go wrong by visiting In N out.
5	The king. You will not find many chains on here aside from a few regional ones, but this particular one can't be ignored. Not much to say about this burger, the price can't be beat anywhere in town to match the quality. Most fast food patties I wouldn't consider eating on their own, or even looking at too closely for that matter, but theirs are good no matter what. I'd almost venture to say it's real beef? The patties are never frozen, and supposedly they only locate their restaurants to within a certain driving distance of any food prepping location. The lettuce, tomato and sauce are all fresh, and almost even refreshing on the burger. I personally love the fries, although they're almost always cooked inconsistently throughout with some overdone, and some undercooked all in the mix. The fries are a bit of a controversy with most people I know, some people hate them, some love them. As for their flavor, think of those old school Potato Sticks. Still, for the value this meal can't be beat. You do get that slightly off stomach ache after a meal here that you don't necessarily get from higher end places, but I compel you to find something better for $6 all in. The shakes are great, the iced tea and lemonade are also good choices.The secret menu adds a bit of mystique and makes for great articles all over the internet. And at times you almost feel like you're in an exclusive club when you order your fries 'Animal Style' or get a Neopolitan shake and the tourists next to you can't seem to find that verbage anywhere on the 3 item menu. You've all heard about the place, and it's a must on anyone's list if you travel to a city that has one.
3	I try my best to keep away from fast food and large chains...but this is one place I do visit now and again.I get the single w/ cheese and animal style fries (sauce and sauted onions). In my younger days I would get the 4x4 animal style burger which is as gargantuan as it sounds.I do believe the shakes are quite weak.....i do not waste my $ there.All in all not a bad spot..but it is mostly out of nostalgia from my younger days I still come here lol.
4	Cheap, fast, tasty burgers with fresh lettuce, tomatoes, and onions.  What more do you want?  Well, I would like salt on the fries, but it's not that much of a pain to add the salt myself.  I guess.....I've always had friendly service, even when dithering between menu options!
5	Love the cheeseburger with extra lettuce. The veggies are fresh and they have great arnold palmer drinks.
4	awesome burgers but awful fries.
5	I's the staple of Las Vegas burgers, I had to go 5 stars because of the animal style fries! It put it over the top!
5	I really can't believe I haven't reviewed this yet. In-N-Out is near and dear to my heart. This is a five star burger joint for a few specific, simple reasons.1. They are open til 1am inside, which is awesome, especially after getting out of a sporting event late at night with friends.2. A Double-Double is an American Classic and one damn good cheeseburger, nothing beats it.3. They have the simplest menu on earth, which means the food is incredibly fresh because all they make is burgers and french fries, which happen to be the most perfect combination ever.Yeah, it's pretty straight forward here. There is nothing better than a Double Double with a handful of their fresh cut fries washed down with a shake or ice cold Dr Pepper or Coke. Theyre open late, the food is amazing, and incredibly affordable. You can easily get meals for two people for $10. There's a reason any location you go to is always busy. We all love In-N-Out, and luckily we live on the west coast so we can enjoy it whenever we feel!
5	I moved here from California and apparently the service here is  just as good! I looooove in n out. I never eat fast food, except in n out, and I don't even consider it that because it's always freshly made. I always get a number 2 with animal fries. The staff is always so friendly and accommodating, and the food is always hot & fresh! Best burger you'll ever have! :)
4	My husband is a huge fan of In n Out Burger and since they stick to letting us on the East coast suffer by not bringing the chain closer than Las Vegas we make a visit any time there is one in town. In Vegas you get tired of fancy eating after a while, even more when you have Joel Robuchon on your list for the week of restaurants. So In n Out came as a welcomed relaxed, smacking good meal.  My husband had already advised me that taxis go in and out of In n Out all the time, so we let our taxi go not before having been told by about three locals, "oh, your going to get real good food now" of course when we came back to the hotel and they saw me with my drink cup all the valet people asked what we had brought them from In n Out.  It is no coincidence that In n Out is so famous.They use really good clean oil for their fries which come out, without fault, light yellow and crispy.  For ladies I suggest the single burger and for guys the Double Double. The Monster Fries are not on the menu, as are about 7 other articles, that are secret knowledge of only the  real fans of the chain restaurant. We had the monsters last time, which are like a double dose of fries drenched in their special pink sauce which they also put on their burgers, I think. I'll have to ask the hubby for the real story.Milk shakes are pretty, darn thick I should have done without those calories, but heck I won't be having one of those for a while now.Two empty taxis came in exactly when we were about to leave. Perfect!
5	Cheap, hot, delicious, burgers....served up fast and friendly. Who DOESN'T like In-N-Out? Make mine mustard grilled and protein style with a rootbeer float and extra salt on the fries. And add an extra point for being open until 1am in the lobby!
4	I have been to this location a few times and the service and meal has always been great. Even on this last visit, they undercooked my "well done" fries and they were promptly replaced. My only complaint with In-N-Out is that they seem to undercook and serve soggy fries unless you ask for well done. Crispy is how fries are meant to be served, but not like potatoe chips.This location can also be difficult to navigate in and out of. Centennial Center Blvd is difficult to cross and only one nearby drive allows for you to cross over to the south side.
2	Very over rated without any question. burgers are NOT JUICY.They are over cooked. and although fresh, they pale in comparison to Five Guys. Since Five Guys has come to Las Vegas, I will never eat at In-N-Out Burger again; even though it is only 1/4 mile away.
5	It's In-N-Out Burger...Double double with spread, pickles and onions only.Thank you.
4	This is great anytime of the day.
5	Always hot, fresh, and delicious. This is the burger place to beat... No one even comes close!  The milkshakes are worth the extra time I must spend at the gym working them off.  The burgers are always incredible, and I love  that you an order off-menu.  So glad they are a stone's throw away...
5	Very good burgers.
5	MMMMMM... drools on self. This place is just simple burger and fries at an awesome price. If you dont like it than you clearly have no soul. Try the animal fries..fatty goodness.
5	I Dream about these burgers, they are delish great service everytime I go even though theri always so busy
4	I used to go to the Rock Springs location all the time after high school seven years ago...This location is perfect for an In-N-Out as there are shopping centers all around.I love that the workers always double-check my order when I get some custom burgers and fries. The fries are always light and crispy. The burgers are just like any other In-N-Out joint. For a bunch of kids working here, it seems like the service is great! The only issue is going here after school is out during school hours! A bunch of kids being loud and disruptive seems to be common.
5	Just like the name IN N OUT!!!!!
5	I think a true judge of a business is when things go bad. I have been coming to this in n out for about four years. They finally messed my order up and when i came back 4 hours later they replaced the missing food without question and apologized.
5	Like most of my other reviews of I&OB what more can I say but that it was perfect?!?!We like to stop at this one before grocery shopping at the nearby Walmart. The parking lot can be tight, so keep an eye out when pulling in for the people pulling out of the drive-thru. The nearby eateries are popular too, and it can just be a congested mess all around in the parking lot.The staff is always friendly and my food always excellent!
2	I can see the appeal of this place, but honestly, I've had better. All my friends (from the west coast) have raved about this place, so I decided to give it a try. I come from Texas, the home of What-A-Burger. If you go to Texas and eat there, you'll understand why I say that the burgers at In N Out are small, and the fries are tasteless. In addition, I was starving and had to wait a long time for a small burger, and after ordering said burger, I was forced to fight for a table. Not. Worth.It. I don't think anyone is wrong for liking this place, but I really don't think it's for me. p.s. to the person who said he got sick from this location, I think I might have gotten ill too. I ate there on a friday, and I dealt with a sore throat and nausea for the next two days. However, I'm not sure if it was the In N Out that did that. Vegas is filled with tourists, some of them bringing all kinds of sicknesses. They don't clean the slot machines. Remember that.
1	Sorry, i know californians tend to love this place, much due to the historical factor of it, but to me it was just a bad version of a burguer king. I really wanted to like this, but even in my country i had better sandwiches...total dissapointment
4	Goodness i LOVE In-N-Out Burger. Not only is it cheap, it is so YUM! My family of four was able to eat a filling meal for less than $25 - almost unheard of in Vegas!!I went to In-N-Out for a late lunch after visiting the Hoover Dam. The burger was delicious and made just like I asked (mustard grilled with extra veggies), the fries were perfect and my Neapolitan milkshake was To-Die-For!!!! I love that everything tastes so fresh - and you can even see them making the fries from fresh potatoes. Word to the wise - this is NOT on the strip - it looks like you can walk to it's glowing sign, but you will be fooled. Also, some cab drivers downright REFUSE to go there since they end up just waiting for you when they could be out making more money. The restaurant is also just average size - we were lucky enough to get a table, but as soon as we were done we saw several families standing around with their food not knowing what to do since there was no more seating :(. If you're visiting Las Vegas and are lucky enough to have a ride to this delicious restaurant, please go! You and your wallet will love it! P.S. Families - ask for In-N-Out hats for your kids! They will love it!I wish they had an In-N-Out in San Antonio!! In-N-Out Burger please come to my city!
3	Burger is a 8.5/10. Fries are a 2/10
5	Who doesn't love In-N-Out always clean and employes morale keeps you coming back.
4	easy to get to because it's a quick stop on the highway. it's a good, cheap meal on your way to Utah or elsewhere! The burgers are really awesome and so are the shakes! I used to go here to eat after high school to relax and it was always a fun spot to chill at. However, I do suggest that everyone pass on the cheese fries because they are just so-so and they should use a different cheese!
2	Ok, so I would have orginally given them four stars. Really, I was such a fan of theirs. Lately I've noticed that even though they may have fresh burgers, a 'cool' 'secret' menu (that everyone knows about) they have quite a few problems that have been adding up to my annoyance over the years.I've lived right up the street from this place for 18 years, so I was there when it first opened up (and it was a big deal to the community, no more shall we have to drive down to Lake Mead!) and have seen them develop over the years.1.) Service has gotten worse, the wait time is ridiculous, and to make it more of an insult they have an actual timer for you to watch while you wait. This applies to when it is busy (which I can understand to a POINT- fifteen minutes at the LAST window? Not cool) and when you  come at 11pm at night and wait 10 minutes for your fries and milkshake. I'm sorry, but it has gotten ridiculous over the years, the amount of waiting I have to do inside and outside (inside is worse by the way) so much so that when I went to one in San Francisco (one that had TWO lines by the way) I expected to wait half an hour, but it turned out it took less time to get us through there than it does here at this location when there is only one person in front of you. So it is not an overall In N Out issue, it is THIS place's issue.2.) Prices have gone way up. End of story.3.) It is not unresonable to ask for a grilled cheese to be grilled away from the burgers, on the other grill. Escpecially not when there is an actual option for it. So when I ask, and I find meat chunks on my grilled cheese, I know you did not, in fact, grill it on the other grill. This ties into a very important reason why I no longer come to this location: They rarely listen to what you want, if it is outside of the "Double Double no onions" deal. More cheese? Maybe. No salt on your fries? Perhaps. Half strawberry half chocolate milkshake? Kinda. If they can't hold up to their 'secret' menu, then they should not have it as an option.Other locations are way better.
5	The only burger joint I would eat more, why.. It's fresh and natural.. You don't feel bloated because it being fresh, which means it healthier then McDonald's. I always go here once a week. And I suggest everyone should as well.
3	I enjoy their burger every once in a blue moon.  I love the shakes, and the animal fries are super good!  I'd much rather order animals fries with a hamburger patty on the side.
4	Who doesn't love In-N-Out? Beware, there can be a little bit of a wait when it's a busy night but it is still worth it in the end if you're hungry. Try a Grilled Cheese with Grilled Onions, it will make your stomach happy.
4	April 27, 2013 Sunday - lunch 13:15 PM2 adults Atmosphere - 5 starsFood - 5 starsService - 4 starsBackground - A quick bite after driving in from Reno. Atmosphere - Another cookie cutter layout with the retro feel, big surprise here.  I think I said that on my last review.  The walls and counters are done in whites and reds.  Place is packed on a Saturday afternoon, gotta hunt for that spot.Food  Appetizer - None   Main Course - I went with a hidden menu item today.  I ordered the #2 cheeseburger with animal style, truly the only way to go at In-N-Out.  The burger was perfect.  Dessert - NoneService - They slipped here today.  I was number 44, which they would call out and indicate you food is ready.  Next thing I here is 47, then skipping 44 - 46.  Then 45 is called.  Then a confused customer was looking at my order, then 44 was called, and he drifted back to his spot.  Glad this was not a bingo game and the wrong number being called.Future - Sure will.
5	Mmmmmm
5	Double double animal style is great, miss it when are in the northwest.  Being provincial we don't like the Maine potatoes.
4	Good burgers. I don't care for the fries. I like the protein burger. Instead of the bun, they wrap it in lettuce.
4	I don't know how In-N-Out manages to consistently hire the nicest, friendliest and most attentive employees and yet somehow they manage to do so. I wish they could bottle up their greatness and pass it on to other fast food chains.... but I can't imagine how that would ever help their business model. Completely delicious and supremely fresh eats plus exceptionally friendly service!
5	Love this place!!!! Service is always perfect!! All the employes are so nice and keep dining area clean! Good is always amazing!
5	Always always always good food and good service. What more could you want?
4	I'm not a huge burger fan but if I was then this would be a place I would come to. I've only tried their protein style burger because I'm trying to cut on carbs. Their burgers are pretty tasty.  I've tried their fries animal style and got extra sauce in the side because there's just not enough for the bottom fries. The fries are not as good as mcdonalds, I mean I don't think anyone has better fries than mcdonalds but getting it here animal style is just to die for. :)
5	Fast service here, even when it gets busy! When the line started to get long last week when I was here, another cashier jumped on and began taking orders, which speeded up the line. I feel like the food comes out here faster than other locations and it is still hot and fresh. Can't go wrong with a double-double combo with grilled onions or animal style.
2	Request well done burgers.Getting rare-med burgers.Third incident this week. Come on now. If I want "bloody rare", I would request it. I request well-done without pink. Just leave it on the grill for a couple of more minutes. I know you guys get swamp during dinner rush...but my GF and I dont like rare burgers...  Medium-rare steak is fine (not my preference..but still semi-safe). Burgers are never fine.E-coli anyone?Contacted the central guest service number. They are trying to correct the issues now.I love IN-N-Out when my order is correct and my burger is cook properly......3rd occurrence this week. =-(I didnt realize until the burger was half eaten. GF pointed it out..The rest went into the garbage. I hope I dont die tonight.I guess "Animal Style" burger takes on a whole new meaning. At least they got the fries correct. Well-done fries....
4	Good food at a great price - went to the restaurant on a Tuesday night and there was a line in the drive thru.  However, a staff member was outside taking orders, and food orders were processed quickly.  Meal was hot and tasted fresh.  Portions are nice for the cost, and there is an overall good value for the items.  Would return here again.
2	Really wanted to go to In-N-Out while I was visiting in Vegas. Haven't had a burger from here in several years and I remembered them to be fresh tasting and delish. When I finally got one, it was somewhat disappointing. Now I'm not a big meat fan in that I don't need a half pound of meat in my burger. I like the interplay between the meat, lettuce, tomatoes and whatnot. Well, I can't remember if it was always this way but the patty is only 1/8 pound. Really! So the default is "child" size burger. You need a 2 patty default (Double Double) to get a "regular" size burger. The fresh cut fries were very tasty. Overall the experience wasn't as good as I remembered.
5	Awesome. Quick service. Always hits the spot. Tasty!
5	Just got better.Before, you got decent burgers and fries. Now, you get great service from the employees, and even better food made by them.
2	My husband and I tried this place out after constantly hearing all the hype about it. And I have to say it's pretty much just hype. The burgers are small, and pretty basic, the fries weren't great, the shakes were, well, shakes. Nothing special at all. The menu is simple and the prices are cheap, which is nice. And the foods not bad. But just WAYYYY over hyped. Smash burger is a lot better. And right across the street. Go there and try that lol
5	Service with a smile.Double Double with onions and  animal style fries. What more can I say!?
5	Fresh fries not frozen.  Fresh toppings delivered daily.  Need I say more? Animal style, shakes and burgers.  Simple yet spot on tasty.
5	Best In N Out in Las Vegas. They always are fast and never mess up your order. Friendliest employees.
5	Best employees. So friendly compared to all the other in n outs. Ask what the secret menu is about, they're very knowledgeable. Very clean restrooms. Although the dining might get a little messy on the weekends, that's normal. Drive thrus are faster when a person is out taking your order on their iPad looking thing
5	Great food, great service! The customer service makes the food taste better!!! The young kids they have working there are really respectful people. The service is fast, quick and always correct. I've never had a bad experience at any In-N-Out which shows you it's a company wide policy to treat the customer with respect, while offering a great product.
5	I'm a huge fan of In-N-Out. Delicious food at an affordable price. I like that the burgers are thin and not thick with just the right amount of sauce and fresh Ingredients. I also like the fact that their portions are normal insted of ridiculously large. Service is quick & friendly and most importantly they are always consistent.
4	Always. Packed. Parking & getting out seems to be a hassle when it's rush hour but anything for beloved In-N-Out burger. :)
3	We waited 10 minutes for our food. We ordered 2 chocolate shakes. Twice. Never got them. Let them know and were still charged for it. The guy (emilio or emelio) left during the middle of making the first one. He was very sloppy and confused. Speaking of sloppy, thanks for the terribly thrown together animal style fries. 12Am. Midnight. Is when we went.
5	This location is always busy, but that being said, they are very quick and have never messed up an order of mine. In and out definitely has the highest quality and best price for what you get in a fast food burger place. Every employee I've experienced has been very friendly. This is my favorite location in town!
3	The worst french fries EVER.  Wouldn't feed in n out fries 2 my dog.  That said, the burgers are slightly better than average.  I would rather pay more and get Fatburger.
3	I ordered a double double with grilled onions no tomatoes no lettuce it was right when the store opened at 1030 in the morning so the wait in the drive thru should not have been 20 minutes, very upsetting however food was great made to perfection without any errors on my cheeseburger
4	Burgers very delicious as always.  Service was fast and friendly.  Will come back again.
5	After shopping nearby... this In-N-Out Burger really hits the spot. Parking lot can be a hassle however once you get in you are golden. Just gotta brave the wait for me 3x3 because the drive thru is usually very long. I'm never bothered by the line at In-N-Out Burger because it's expected. I change up my burger each time depending on my mood. Sometimes I get animal style or sliced raw onions they have many options for such a limited menu. You just can't go wrong with In-N-Out Burger. They actually remember to give you place mats at this location too.
1	I've been living in Las Vegas for twenty years and in n out used to be really good. The last four times I ate my usual double double it was dry and tasteless. I'm done with this place! I wouldn't recommend in n out to anyone.
5	This location is busiest from 5 pm to 6 pm. They are relatively quick. I'm not a huge fastfood fan, but the fact that the food is made to order is the best thing. We order the burgers with out Salt As they have tendency to over salt.
5	I have been a regular here since its opening in 2007.Service: The staff is very friendly and consistent, always reading my orders back to assure its accurate.Food: It is always fresh, hot and made to order. I just love the hidden menu stuff!Cleanliness: The store appears to have a dedicated lobby attendant whenever I dine in, and keeps the place looking clean and inviting.Overall, I would highly recommend this location.
5	Sweet, drive-thru line goes quick enough.  Food's really awesome, i've lived in California before and have been to 3 mediocre in-n-outs so this is a nice change!They take debit/credit cards too, i've been to locations where they only take cash so thought i'd mention it.  Staff is always friendly.May want to wait until you get to the sign before ordering.  I had my window down early and some lady in a newer SUV rolled by with hers down and tried to get me to give her money so "her kids could go to school" or something.I mean, i 'get' the begging types i guess, but lady you are in a nice car begging for money with the strangest reason for needing it ever.
2	Forgot to give me my animal fries , never went back for them , first time ever mistake
5	Always great tasting, low price and freshly made.
2	Its been a long time. And better left as a memory. Had the Double-Double Animal Style. Just another really average fast food burger. Maybe I know my food too well. One thing I know for sure. No more In-N-Out for me. This is big calories and fat grams. If I treat myself, it won't be for this stuff again. Period.
5	This place is really close to my school so I go their very often! Never a time where it isn't packed but service is always quick and friendly. Everyone that works there is polite and I always get my food in a timely manner without error. Try the neopolitan milkshake you won't regret it!
5	Who doesnt love an in-Out-Burger when your bored or hungry late night and nothing else is open?? High Protein High Fat meal. Very good if your in your bulking stage of the year. Always friendly customer service and food is cooked in a timely manner thank you for the great meat!
