5	I love this place... I am a southwesterner to the bone, languishing in California, and whenever I am back home to visit, this is my first food stop. The menu is simple and straightforward -- mostly fry bread, pozole, and chili... indian tacos, sweet fry bread, stew... plain home food, excellently prepared. Ambience is quiet and unpretentious, the service is fast, the prices are great. Parking can be a problem, but it's worth walking a couple of blocks.Faves:Pozoleplain ol' fry bread
4	this place would get 5 stars from me if it weren't for the fact that they're never open when i go. i've called at 7:15 and asked "What time do you close?" and they say 8pm. So i drive over there and arrive at 7:30, and they've already closed.the food is great though, especially the green stew.
4	If you are on a diet, don't come here. It's too tempting! My friend and I had our last meal in Phoenix here, and we shared a chocolate and butter fry bread. It was fantastic! So gooey, but the chocolate was delicious!There are a ton of other options, ranging from savory to sweet. I went during lunch, so a lot of people were getting fry bread with beans and meats.  Prices are very reasonable, but be prepared to wait if the line is out the door. Seating is very limited, so if you have a big party you'll have to keep that in mind.  Based on the one meal I had, it was great. I would have liked to try the other ones, but I was too full (and feeling way too guilty!)BTW- They are closed Sundays.
5	I guess there really isn't much left to say but "ditto," but I've loved the Fry Bread House for years and just couldn't resist adding my 2 cents.I try and I try and I TRY -- but I just can't make fry bread like they do here! The basic recipe for fry bread is so simple (flour, water, oil) you'd think it would be a piece of cake. But the freindly folks at Fry Bread House obviously know something I don't. Maybe it's the fact that they are native Tohono O'odham Nation members, and I am SO white (as my exchange student son so often reminds me)...Anyway, check it out for absolutely the best comfort food to be had this side of a heart attack. And I mean that in the best possible way..
4	Came here based on reviews of Phoenix area Yelpers...The parking lot is pretty small - maybe enough for around 10 cars, but I found a spot even at 12pm.  There are probably 25-30 seats available in the restaurant itself.  Looks like there are quite a few people who order to-go.I had the regular old green chili fry bread taco - it came with beef in a sauce, lettuce, and shredded cheddar cheese on top on a deep fried bread.  It was very good.  The beef was tender and not chewy or rubbery at all.  Good thing they give you a fork and knife because I don't think it's possible to eat the taco without it falling apart with the sauce.I probably took a year off my life with all that grease, cholesterol, and fat, but it was definitely work it. I would come back here if I'm ever in the area again.
3	I have a natrual affinity for grease...so reading the reviews, I had one of those "aha" moment...square peg, square hole.But..(sorrowful violin in the background)...me and FBH...we just weren't meant to be...I was looking for a bit more crisp in my deepfry relationship...while FHB had that mysterious salty yeasty flavor that I didn't even know that I was looking for...it was seriously lacking that soul-filling crispiness that break against my teeth on first bite before falling into pillowy steaming breadinessConclusion:  Definitely worth a try if you haven't had fry bread before.Now that I tried it...I'd go back if I'm in the area...but personally not something that I would drive out of my way for.
4	If you really insist on having a stroke from the amount of fat in your diet, you can't do better than the Fry Bread House. Now you all need to know that I'm from California and we never had fry bread before we came to Arizona--but I discovered that I really like fry bread, like once a year or so.The Fry Bread House has a decent menu of traditional Arizona Indian foods, including posole, mutton stew and yes, fry bread. It's also a gathering place for urban and 'rez' Indians alike...in a homey atmosphere.Thank goodness they also have tortillas though! Because fry bread is just packed with lots of fat, salt and flour--not good if you're on a low-fat diet.Now if they would just add acorn stew to the menu--I'd eat there every week regardless of the sucky parking.
4	Fry Bread house, what a treat! I went there on a Friday evening and ordered the veggie taco. The fry bread is absolutley delicious and you can get away with spending less than $8 and be completely stuffed.After the veggie taco, a friend and i shared the honey fry bread desert. Get it, you'll be pissed if you don't. The place isn't much to look at but the food more than makes up for the lack of decoration or ambiance.
5	I have a weakness for fry bread. I've grown up with this food so it's not so much a novelty as a long time staple of this a native Arizonan's diet. It conjures up memories of taking out of towners to Canyon de Chelly to see Spider Rock, volunteering as a Girl Scout at the fry bread stand (all you can eat pillowy goodness!) and eating a "Navajo taco" with all the fixins right before hopping on the Zipper at the State fair. Disclaimer: Erica does not endorse the consumption of fry bread before having the contents of your stomach whirred about in a frenzy of nausea inducing quasi-whip lash. Just ain't a good idea.I pretty much stalk craft fairs with visions of deep fried crispiness topped with meaty, cheesy, beany, sweet and crunchity mmmmmm *drool*. Little did I know that full time fry bread heaven was less than ten minutes away!The menu is simple, an indication that everything on there is done to perfection, especially the green chile, which was a-bangin' when I went. A couple of menus are right next to the register, so wait patiently for someone to pass one back to you if you're in line, or step up and snag one. You give your order to the lady at the register and it's fired back to the kitchen where it's assembled lightning fast and ready for pick up. Hot sauce is on the table and your silverware are beneath your taco (took me a minute to realize that) so take a seat and chow down!There are the traditional tacos that consist of heavenly fried goodness topped with beans, red or green chile and garnish (cheese and lettuce), as well as dessert fry bread drizzled in honey or sprinkled with powdered sugar-- but you'll be much to full by the end of your meal to indulge unless you're sharing with a group. There are several stews (hominy, red and green chile) that come with a piece of fry bread for dipping and making lil sammiches. Or you can go the burrito route if the siren call of the fryer doesn't tempt you.Don't forget to check out the jewelery out front. A gent with some turquoise and silver wares is usually there if you're looking to support some local jewelers after your nirvana inducing lunch.This place is just as good as anything I've encountered on the Res, and ten times better than fair food. And that my friends is a recommendation as glowing as the lovely sheen of oil topping your taco.
5	This place gets 5 stars for the SERVICE! My mom and I rushed to get this place by 7pm, since the restaurant closes exactly at that time. We arrived at 7pm, and the door was locked. We knocked until the person at the cash registered allowed us to come in. Surprisingly, all of the credit card transactions and the cash register closes exactly at 7pm. Must be a systems thing. The store worker said that the dinner would be on the house. NO WAY!! He was so generous letting us order past the closing time. We definitely paid $15 in cash for our order.The food was pretty tasty!! I wish we could have eaten the fry bread fresh, but we had to rush to the airport. We ordered:+ Green chili taco- with lettuce, chunks of beef, and cheese. Pretty good meaty flavor, and a bit messy to eat. I probably used 10 napkins.+ Vegetarian taco- with refried pinto beans, lettuce, sour cream, and cheese. I couldn't taste the beans as the sour cream masked the flavor.+ Honey bread dessert- Basically a flat fry bread and you pour the honey. Simple concept, but the bread was delicious!The fry bread is so light and a HUGE size. I had enough carbs for the night.Definitely get to this restaurant before it closes at 7pm!!!
3	Yeah... I think Frybread house relocated, and is now replaced by "Two Hippies Magical Mushroom Burger"...correct me if I'm wrong. Anyway, this is about the frybread, not the burger.Last time I visited this place, I had the frybread, opted with steak instead of shredded beef, with everything on it- cheese, carmelized onions, guacamole, and all the other stuff that makes for a good artery-clogging lunch. And were my arteries clogged indeed! The frybread I ordered was good, especially when I sank my teeth into the stuffed mess, could feel the grease stream down my mouth and chin. My table etiquette was totally abandoned here, but if you could care less about the calories and like grease glossed lips, come here. It's okay.
5	If you are a vegetarian.....you must try the veggie taco. The mountain of goodness atop the tasty fry bread will leave your belly too full, but your mouth will definitely want more. This is a great spot for a a mixed herbivore/carnivore lunch stop, as my non-veggie friends can't seem to get enough of the red or green chili tacos. I am much looking forward to returning to try the honey fry bread desert, as I have never had room for desert after the massive tacos!!!
3	It's good... really.It's authentic... really. It's hard to find... really.but... the Veggie Beef Stew is TERRIBLE!! really!Sometimes, the ppl taking ur order aren't the nicest. I used to be a part of a Indian Education Program and we used to get food from there all the time! Like 5-6 times a month! So I know my Frybread house! Once the stew tasted like someone dropped a cigarette in it!! They have great hot sauce and great indian tacos. I'm O'odham and yes, we are decendants of the ancient HuHuKam ("Those who are gone") tribe. The owner is Tohono O'odham and it shows in his bread and style of he serves his beans. It's yummy. When I go, I looove to get the red chili and bean combo and load it up with salt and maybe even get a plain bread and load that up with hot sauce! :D If you're on that side of town, keep your eyes open and drive down 7th street sloooow so you don't miss it! and get an extra bread to eat with the salsa! :) and stay away from the veggie beef stew!!
5	Damn! the food was off the heezy. I was impressed what $6.00 bought me "A big ass Indian Taco" . I was thinking about getting a Sugar powdered covered fry bread but had no room left. If you don't diet then this is the place to bring your fat ass lol...Konradio
5	Put on your eating shoes for this place...as you will be doing some heavy duty eating. The fry bread is loaded and greasy and dripping and...in a word AMAZING.The red chilli soaks in to the fry bread which is completely perfect to begin with and sinful when topped with stuff. (like said red chilli) Whatever the step after sinful is, is what the frybread becomes when you drown it in the hotsauce. I am a big sauce guy. this is a big sauce. I would totally eat your granmother if she were drizzled in it.Parking is a pain but it is well worth it. If you must, just park down the street. You are in the melrose district anyhow. Hit up Copperstar Coffee on the way or shop for your favorite record in Revolver Record store. Its the greatest area in the Valley. You will not leave disapointed unless I get there first and eat  up all the frybread.I am making myself hungry...I wonder if I can make it before 7.
2	I am staying at a hotel on Indian School, and this place caught my eye. I know AZ has a fixation with Fry Bread, and felt like giving it a shot. A lady had a table set up, she was hawking jewelry and knick-nacks. Once inside, the atmosphere was like a traditional burrito place, but with a Native American flair to it. I ordered a Carne Asada taco and a "Chief" size soda. I helped myself to some complimentary water, and sat at the fast food-style benched table. The meat was great, and tasty, but the whole idea is the Fry Bread that it is served on. Pretty good, flaky, and huge portions. I would recommend for a lunch if you are in the area and feeling a bit adventurous.
5	Heart attacks on a plateHOWEVERIts SOOOO GOOOOOD!!!!!:)I love the plain frybreador the frybread with chocolate and butteror the frybread tacos with chorizo, cheese and refried beansMmmmm!!!They also have awesome menudo and tamales.  Love it.
4	Respect the Fry Bread house and the native culture.  A small place located on the west side of 7th St. and Indian School Rd, in Central Phoenix.  This corner is a strong developing area in Phoenix along with 7th St in general.  This is a popular Phoenix lunch and dinner restaurant.  Its places like this that reflects the word of mouth when there's good food.  Allow your palate choose the right Fry Bread, from vegi to meat lovers.  Did i mention their freaking huge. Don't for get your appetite.
5	So as a native Phoenician, I grew up eating fry bread. But here's the deal... the only place you could get it was at the Arizona State Fair (And believe me, my folks would actually plan ASF trips for that very purpose!) or if the Heard had some special event.What can be said of puffy little pockets of air and chewy goodness fried up in some hideously unhealthy concoction, thereby creating a crispy yum yum shell which you can top to your liking? Holy Mother of God my mouth is watering just thinking about it!The people are friendly, the food is great, the atmosphere is relaxed, and the sauce should be nominated as a sixth food group in itself... foodies unite and to hell with diets!!! The only downside to this place is that parking can be a nightmare (my sister went once and almost drove over someone napping on a parking block!) But seriously I wouldn't let that detain you from the food inside. : )Whether you are looking for something veggie to carnivore or sweet and sticky the servings are generous. So put on your big girl pants, head on over to The Fry Bread House and pull up a chair.love Love LOVE "The Fry Bread House"
3	Gave it 3 stars for the great food...however they offer very crappy service!
5	Ahhhh Feast Day.... They're awesome. I wish I could bring all you yelpers to my village's feast day.... it's like... christmas in the early fall except the only presants aren't left under the tree but instead are scooped by 60 year old O'odham grandmothers who have been cooking since childhood and only know unwritten recipes that lack measurement, volumetric or otherwise. I could describe to you the food we eat on San Juan's Day (in my village) or Saint Frances Day (Ak-Chin & Salt River)... but if you want a taste of what it's like to line up and part take in the ceremonial meal... head on down to the Fry Bread House.The BEST way to experience this would be to go and order a bowl red chili stew with side order of frybread and if you're interested a lil baby bowl of beans. and then just wait. Dip and scoop the bread in the stew and enjoy. There's NOTHING better than moistening the light and crispy bread into the broth of the stew. It's heaven!
4	my family went to az for vacation and found reviews for this place on yelp. coming from CA, i've never had the luxury of trying fry bread. it's very similar to the asian indian prathara, but it seems a bit more greasy...but don't get me wrong, still very good.  we had the red chili ultimate taco - it was HUGE!  The best was chocolate and butter fry bread - clogged arteries here we come (butter on top of something deep fried ...eeks).  definitely get this one to share.  my only regret is that i didnt try the honey fry bread.
4	Fry bread... red chili.... Worth the drive.When I did a drive on my own to Phoenix, thank god for the gps for pointing me out to this place. Just thinking about the light fried bread soaking in the red dammit I'll fly back
4	The Fry Bread House - oh how I miss thee. Love the Navajo taco's - Fry Bread - beans, lettuce, cheese and their yummy salsa. I always thought it was a little bit pricer than I would have liked - but I loved it either way.
5	Hey there people....I have one thing to say.Go. To. The Fry Bread House.   So naughty, so yummy.
4	On the journey from Boca Raton, FL to San Jose, CA, I thought I'd be able to find some fry bread along the highway at some random stand or truck stop, but no luck.  I have only had fry bread once before, on a meandering cross-country alcohol and testosterone infused college spring break with some buddies.  One of them knew about fry bread and not only did we have some, but we got a recipe for it!  (long since lost, and never tried, but such is the folly of youth)Haven't had any since college, so thought I'd get it while the gettings good (i.e. while crossing through states like NM and AZ which I never do).  I am no connoisseur of the bread, though it's good and greasy.  Cripsy too, which was my favourite part.  I had the bread as part of the House special, choosing the green chile stew.  I have been out of Texas and the southwest, so I was pleasantly surprised that the thing was actually spicy!  A perfect complement to the fry bread.It was very good. I'm not saying it's a must-do in Phoenix, but it does fit along the lines of SW comfort food, while at the same time likely different from most food to which you are accustomed.  On a cold day (night) it would be a perfect dish.
5	ok..so i had a really good friend who took me here a few times...well not here..actually when it was on Indian School and 7th st. it looks so much more inviting now. i just need to bring myself to want to gorge nom nom nom on some fry bread. it's like a big pile of fried crack. you seriously get hooked on the decadent fried morsals. topped with hot and saveries these are just to kill for. maybe even worth dying for. a sweet one is excelent..nom nom nom. ok i think i need to end this post before i eat my keyboard.
5	I love this place.  The Ultimate Indian Taco is my favorite.  Everything taste homemade and is very fresh.  They have numerous types of Indian Tacos, soups and desserts.  As well, they have a salsa which is mild but flavorful.  I have taken friends and family to this place and they have all loved it.  You can't beat the pricing which is very reasonable for the quality of the food.Everyone in the place is nice and helpful.  The building is small and pushed back from the street.  I always pass it and have to make a u-turn to get there.  The only negative is the dining area is small and sometimes really packed (but any good place would be packed).  Luckily I have always found a empty booth or table.  Also, what is cool is that  sometimes they do have someone selling Native American Jewelry outside.I can't speak more highly of the place.  Give it a chance and I am positive you will be back to the place.
5	Oh man, talk about guilty pleasure. It's basically SNL's "Taco Town" in real life, if you know that reference.Even the dessert fry breads are good. And loaded.
3	The last time i went was on saturday after the fiesta bowl parade, the food was so good the last time that we decided to go after the parade. It was very busy. I was a little disappointed in the portion of red chili i got in my red taco. maybe its a consistancey thing but i remember my taco being loaded last time. My family members and gf liked their food fine. Maybe going again when its not so busy would be better.
4	Maybe it was the time we went but this place was packed! Maybe that is saying something about the place but I'm never going after the Fiesta Bowl Parade again.  lol.  But the food was great! The Indian Taco I ordered was huge.  I suggested to my bf and bf's parents that they should expand.  Wanna go again...but maybe in the middle of the week when it's not so busy for such a small place.
5	Ok, I probably shouldn't do it, but I have to put in a review for this place.  Now, the last time I was here was back in 2001, but damn, Yelp wasn't around, and I just have to Yelp a place unique like this (besides, one of my Yelp Friends just Yelped this place and jogged my memories about this Native goodness).  So yeah, if you're in between pow wows and have a fix for some fry bread, this is the place to go.  I remember having some fry bread here and it tasted excellent.  I also remember totally loving the soups/stews as well.  There are not that many Native restaurants around, so give this one some props!Shiiiiiiiiiiiiii.  I think I need to plan a trip to Phoenix this very minute, innit?!  Aieee!!!!
5	fry bread!? more like MY bread...
5	Love, love, love Indian Fry Bread house.. so warm and comforting, speaks directly to my heart and my arteries. I only indulge every once and a while but damn these are good. My favorite is the version topped with green chile, lettuce, tomato and cheese, grab a squeezy of salsa and you're set!Definitely one of those home grown places that you should take out of towners!
5	Everything Fry Bread House serves up is incredibly delicious. I like the unpretentious service, and the salsa that comes with the tacos is pretty addictive!This is probably a bad place to be a vegan. I'd love to see some bison and lamb added to the chili menu, but the beef is pretty tasty the way they serve it up. There are two kinds of chile -red or green. Both are delicious.The fry bread is perfect all by itself and I have ordered veg tacos here before and they were pretty tasty too.Yum!
3	I wouldn't advise any health nut go here but if you want some cheap super yummy HUGE taco's with frybread wrappers?   Hit it up!The ladies working were really nice and the price was pretty fair.I felt like a peace pipe afterwards... no really... okay no I didn't but it was really good.
5	I'm not gonna lie, but this is seriously one of Phoenix's best kept secrets. I'm Native American so I grew up on frybread and I was floored when I found out a whole restaurant was devoted to celebrating it. Also, it's Tohono O'odham owned and operated so that gets huge points in my book. I really don't think I could stand the idea of a "fry bread house" being run by anyone but Natives. The beef stew and hominy are choice, and all come with fry bread. This place may very well be a future heart attack coming on, but I'll die with a smile on my face.
5	Big fan of Fry Bread House. I love the hominy beef stew with the fry bread. The fry bread is just flat out amazing. That stew is so good I usually burn my tongue with inadequate waiting.I've had the tacos & they're good but tough to make me pass on the stew.The dessert fry bread (gotta go honey w/powdered sugar) is also amazing.Cheap & locally owned too. Gotta love that.One of the AZ musts for folks visiting from elsewhere in my book.
5	What more can be said about TFH ? The food is great.  My only complaint would be the size of the location needs to be 10 times bigger. They also  need to add another location WITHIN WALKING DISTANCE OF MY HOUSE !!!!!
3	I'm no Dodger fan, but we had to come here after reading about the restaurant on Andre Ethier's blog.  Ethier plays outfield for LA, and he has roots here in Phoenix.  I ordered almost exactly what he ordered, it sounded so good.  And it was!  I don't think I've had better hominy stew. And this was my first time eating anything quite like the fry bread with red chile. I probably made a big mistake ordering so much, but I didn't have any idea there might be a half pound of meat in there. The cooking is high quality, the experience definitely original, and the atmosphere is very comforting, being in a remodeled house.Alas, there is a downside. I generally have a strong constitution. I eat street food in Mexico as often as I can get there, and usually with no ill effects. But the Ethier special had me reeling. Not in the many-unscheduled-bathroom-trips kind of way, but I felt bad and was belching uncontrollably for about the next 24 hours.I really like the Fry Bread House.  I'm just not sure it likes me.
4	I had the pleasure of visiting FBH with my fave Foodie Bear and Robert a while back. (Yeah I'm behind on reviews). All I can say is WOW. I have become a fan of FBH. We walked in to a small, clean space. You order your yummy meal at the counter and you have to be quick to grab a table! My advice, grab a table then go order. For my yummy meal I had the fry bread with beans and green chile. I was delighted to see that I could wash my guilt-ridden meal down with Big Red Cream soda...mmm.. When I bit into my fry bread it was crispy and light on the outside and nice and chewy in the middle. It was so good. I wished for a little more spice or flavor from the green chile sauce, but it still did the job. We also tried the chocolate and butter fry bread. It was so-so in my opinion, but I'm not much of a sweets person so definitely not a knock on FBH! I will certainly visit FBH again maybe after I do a giant work out or have been fasting for 5 days... it's just too good to eat on a regular basis!
5	Was just in Phoenix for Cactus League baseball and before I left I checked out local cheap eats in the area.  The Fry Bread House was something that caught my attention.  I'm so glad we came here.  We had the shreaded hatch red chile beef combo taco, it was AWESOME!  We also shared an order of the green chile stew, again great and we shared the cinnamon sugar fry bread for dessert.  All was great, the three of us were stuffed and all for $30.  If you like spicy, if you like new mexican and american indian food you will love this place.  Try it out if you are ever in the Phoenix area.
5	My visit to the FBH was absolutely over the top!  I experienced over the top customer service, the food was over the top good and the portions were over the top huge!  Needless to say there was some serious over indulgence on my part... I'm right there with Dottsy Z.- the Big Red Cream Soda washes the guilt right down!The manager talked with me for a long time and was helpful with making a decision- it all looked so good I almost couldn't imagine picking only a few things... In the end I believe I made the right call because I was so full when I left the I actually pondered unbuttoning my jeans... fortunately I was out with friends and had to keep my dignity about me.  I will definitely be putting this place into my regular rotation of favorites...
5	My buddy Kevin N. back in San Jose told me about the Fry Bread House. He said I had to find it and try it when i got to Phoenix.  It sounded like a place I would LOVE.  So when I got here I started looking to see if I could find it.  I drove down Indian School on several occasions, turned down 7th St.....nothin.  After several attempts and a post to Yelpers I realized that I was looking for 7th AVE and not 7th ST.  Doh!!  With that issue out of the way, I made a trip over last week and found it!!  The parking lot of pretty full.....good sign in my book, and it looked like a little house on the outside.  We walked in and picked up a menu.  I wanted to try it all but I finally narrowed it down and ordered the Hominy Stew.  My daughter had some fry bread with cheese.  We were greated warmly, ordered, got our drinks and sat down to wait.  We did not wait long for our food and out came the fry bread and the stew.  My daughter LOVED her fry bread with cheese.  That is her kind of thing.  The hominy stew was perfection!!  I love hominy and there were chunks of tender beef in a nice broth.  And a giant piece of fry bread to go with it.  I was so full when I left.  I totallly loved it.  This is a great place!!  A nice little hole in the wall that serves up big portions for small prices.  You can see the ladies in the back cooking up  a storm!  This is such a little gem of a place.  I only wish that they could take all the calories and bad things out of the fry bread....but then it wouldn't be fry bread and it wouldn't be nearly as good.  *sigh*  I can't wait to go back and try the tacos, the green and red chile, or any of the other amazing sounding things they have on the menu!!  Seriously, get to the Fry Bread house now and enjoy!!  Special thanks to Kevin N. for telling me about this wonderful little gem!!Miss you Kevin!!
5	Based off the of the Yelp reviews, I decided to give this place a try. I tried the ground beef fry bread taco, and the boy had the green chile fry bread taco. Mine was very good, his was AMAZING. When I go back I'm definitely getting what he had. I also tried the hominy stew based off of what everyone says here, and while I thought it was good, I don't think I'd order it again - it just wasn't my thing. To top off an evening of absolute indulgence, we also got a honey & powdered sugar fry bread. It was....mmm. Delicious. Gluttonous. Fantastic.The staff were great, super friendly. The prices are low, and the portions are huge. Bring your appetite. :)
5	Hey, want something SO GOOD??So good you will want to ignore your doctor's advice and eat there every day!?   Something that will make you weak in the knees and leave you begging for more?Go. To. The Fry Bread House. GO. Now.If you know native american fry bread, if you don't, doesn't matter. This place rocks. They have an assortment of native style dishes, like the red or green chili stew (that come with or without the bread - but puh-leeeeeze get the bread) and mexican/indian type things. Today I had the indian taco; re-fried beans, cheese and lettuce wrapped in, what was that? Deep fried flipping nirvana-esque bread did you say? Oh hell yes. And the salsa is pretty good too. Then just to make sure I would require an ambulance ride home complete with frequent use of the defibrillator, we topped it all off with fry bread covered in honey. Oh my god, my mouth is watering. If you live Az, if you are planning to visit, just make sure you stop by. I promise you won't be sad you did.Ok, I think I have rambled enough and hope that you all understand, that uhhmm, I really really really really like fry bread!!!
4	I went here with my parents when they came to visit.  Our first experience with fry bread was down in Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument several years ago, and we were looking to try more.The chili taco was very good -- not what I expected, but who cares when it's good?  We also got cinnamon and sugar fry bread, and honey fry bread.  *nom!*  The only bad thing was it's fried (duh) so the grease factor is extremely high.  I really can't eat a taco AND share a dessert bread without getting sick.  Unless you are used to eating a lot of unhealthy foods, pick either the meal or the dessert (I'd pick the dessert!) or go with a friend and split everything to cut down on your grease factor.
3	As a fry bread "noob," I'll err on the side of caution and chalk most of my dislikes up to unfamiliar, lest I make anybody angry by sullying what seems to be somewhat of a Phoenix institution.  Still, I will say that I was not absolutely astounded by the food or the prices, both of which most reviewers have raved about.  Fry bread itself is something akin to a fluffier fried version of Indian naan, and can be ordered with a wide variety of savory or sweet toppings.I had the chili combination taco with green chili sauce, and while it was good, it was nothing spectacular -- I've had mexican dishes with more interesting flavor.  Still, the fry bread itself was fluffy and delicious.When I saw menudo -- beef tripe stew -- listed on the menu, I decided I should definitely give it a try, having never eaten tripe before.  The tripe was a lot less chewy that I was expecting, and a good contrast to the almost crunchiness of the hominy, but the stew as a whole was largely flavorless, and just plain salty.I would definitely give this place another go, and try the sweet fry breads, I saw a couple get one for desert and it looked awesome.
4	Wanna absolutely over the top fry bread indulgence?  Try the Chocolate and Melted Butter Frybread - AMAZING!!!
2	I am going to have to take the unpopular side on this. i was not impressed. I had the fry bread with the green chile. It had lettuce and cheese on it, too. so dull and bland. the fried bread was too much and the green chile was totally lacking flavor.  I felt like it needed salt or something.I had a taste of the dessert fry bread w powdered sugar and honey and well...i don't get it. it tastes like regular old carnival fry bread to me. it's yummy but not worth driving here for. I was really hoping the fry bread taco things would be super yummy but not so much :(
4	Ever since my visit to the AZ state fair as a child, I've had a weakness for fry bread.I loved everything about this place -- from the local papers about Indian reservation events to the chit chat with the guy behind the counter about which Navajo tribe managed the restaurant -- and I recommend it to anyone visiting the greater Phoenix area.Personally, I like fry bread "as is", particularly after a quick dip in the red beef chile or hominy beef stew, but those wanting something with a bit more pizazz can order a wide array of sweet or savor toppings (cheese, honey, cinnamon, powered sugar, chocolate, beans, etc)When I visited the first time, I had the red beef chile stew early in the day and later returned later that evening with a friend to have the hominy beef stew.  By the time we finished, the place had long closed, and the owners were cool about politely waiting until we finished.
3	today, i had to find out if i actually like fry bread or not. there are only two occasions upon which i eat it: when i hike havasupai and at music festivals. i like it on both occasions, but i'm not sure i can judge whether i like real fry bread based on these experiences.  so, off a coworker and i to the fry bread house, where i learned i really do love fry bread ... especially the chorizo taco variety. the chorizo fry bread taco was presented on a styrofoam  plate and wrapped loosely in paper. the massive taco is full of  fat, calories and general weight-gain potential. don't get me wrong, it tasted amazing, but i couldn't stop thinking about how many hundreds of calories i was consuming. one taco is probably large enough for two people to split. the house hot sauce, served in large, red bottles, is tasty -  ask for a bottle when you pick up your food. all in all, this was a seriously tasty lunch. i will definitely be back, but it won't be very often.
4	I've come here on two occasions and enjoyed my orders both times. The hominy stew and the vegetable beef stew are very tasty, and the fry bread is a perfect complement. Fast service, good prices. I'll definitely be back to try the tacos.
2	This is simple food. Simple, unhealthy ingredients, presented in utilitarian environs.  I had hominy stew and it tasted fine in a Progresso soup kind of way,  but I guess my real disconnect with The Fry Bread House  is I didnt encounter anything remotely interesting - unless you count morbidly obese people on either side of the counter. Maybe I didnt look hard enough.  I guess for me, the joy of visiting an ethnic place is sampling a bit of the culture gastronomically and through the restaurant's atmosphere - and there doesnt seem to be much joy here. I wont say there's no pride. There's just very little imagination or pizzazz. Maybe it's a traditional culture thing, but I find it kinda sad.   The menu is very redundant. Decor is charmless. Service is not  bad but perfunctory.  The stew was too thin to really slather on my fry bread, and I'm quite certain no one here is concerned about any of it. . It presents an interesting contrast with a place like LoLo's. Inexpensive ethnic. Limited, unhealthy menu. Plenty of fat people. Sure, the food's better at Lolo's, but it's deeper than that.  There's an attitude, a pride, an eagerness to show off their skillz that's somehow uplifting and fun, whereas The Fry Bread House comes across, to me anyway, as nondescript and depressing.
2	First ever experience with Indian food and definitely NOT a fan.Exterior definitely looked like a house as their name calls for. A tad bit worn both interior and exterior. Furnitures were simply cafeteria like tables and you order at the counter paying upfront.Their # 1 rave after hominy stew was a must try so I did so and for sure there will be a no second time. Blindfold me and I would've never been able to tell if this was homemade or out of a Progress/Campbells can. Stew definitely had sufficient ingredient but simply lacks flavor. Abundant amount of hominy in every spoon but does not suit my palate at all. Protein was tough and soup tasted run down. Fried bread reminds me of chinese donuts served for breakfast except a tad bit more doughy and is flattened to a circular shape. The bread itself is a great foundation for both entree and dessert if all ingredients were done right. I ordered a taco and a dessert (all utilizes fried bread) and was devasted with the ingredient used. The chocolate butter dessert was simply a cup full of butter poured over a cup of chocolate syrup. NOt to mention that the bread was already deep fried. Enough grease where a pack of oil absorbant sheet can't even save. Flavor was just like how it sounded. Taco itself was ground meat, refried bean, lettuce and cheese. Definitely tasted like something you can get at a taco bell/ Del Taco. No special marination nor seasoning done. I guess if i'm ever craving fried bread itself and if I"m by the area..which will never be..I'd probably pick one up and slap something on there myself. However it wasn't all that unique to me since Chinese cuisine carries close to identical "fried bread' they make.Plentiful parking. Poor service since I was turned down for needing an extra set of utensils.-Susan
5	You're gonna want to put your eatin' dress on for this place. I have been going to the fry bread house for almost 2 years now and have never had a bad experience. I actually heard about this place from many Phoenicians but wasn't really a fan of fried bread. The food is always phenomenal, the prices are great and you know you're going to leave with a full belly. I went back recently and am not sure if I somehow overlooked it but I noticed that now they have menudo on their menu! Not just served on Saturdays and Sundays like other places. It was excellent! It had a spicy kick to it and was not uber greasy like some places make...actually many places. I find the staff friendly, the environment comfy with all of it's earth tones, and an overall awesome little place to go when you want something hearty. I actually have family that when in town, they come here straight away!
3	We went a few weeks ago after finding out about The Fry Bread House on Yelp.  I ordered the green chili stew and a fry bread and my Hubby had the menudo (or was it pasole? I can't remember) and a fry bread.  It was good.  I'm giving it a three because......... I grew up in north east AZ, a few miles from the "REZ", I have grown up eating the best of the best.  In fact, I can cook it myself pretty darn good.  I enjoyed what I ate, so much I kept craving it.  I ended up cookin up a big meal at home with the kids, and I enjoyed what I made a lot more.  It just had so much more flavor.  This is not common for me, I usually enjoy restaurant food much more than my own.  So, as a recommendation, go there! It is very good!
4	Made to order fry bread with all sorts of toppings (reminiscent of Mexican food). The bread is deep fried, of course, but it wasn't dripping with oil. Instead it was light, airy and fluffy. As you order you can see the kitchen, they were making refried beans, red chili sauce, fry bread, and soup from scratch. Not a canned food in sight! Some home cooking going on here so its got favor. I had their ultimate with beef, lettuce, cheese, beans and sour cream - making my mouth water right now. It was about $8.50 and was so big! An even amount of each ingredient layered on top of the fry bread and folded in half. Good mix of flavors. If you go, go with an empty stomach or after you worked out :) I dig it when I go to a local business that serves good food. People were nice and the place was very clean. Not that much seating though and its busy at lunch time. I was so stuffed after my meal but I couldn't stop... I ordered the fry bread with powdered sugar and honey. Oh man. Yum.
5	The Fry Bread house is always amazing! The Ulitmate taco is great and save room for a fry bread with honey and powder sugar. Does not travel well. Best to eat on site. Plenty of parking at dinner, its hit and miss at lunch.
4	Oh my God...Oh my God...I feel the heart attack coming...Ahhhh....and it is so worth it!! This place has all of the tasty, greasy goodness one needs to complete a day, or week, or month for that matter. The Fry bread is made fresh and you can most certainly taste it. Again, it is definitely greasy, so if you are on a health trip, you may want to avoid this place. For the rest of us, who indulge, this is worth every pound. The meat was cooked perfectly. The sour cream was abundantly present. The cheese was in all the right places (everywhere). And the fry bread was greasy, crunchy, and light all at the same time. Not sure how they pull it off, but they do. I would suggest to go there for lunch for the following reasons: -a wonderful break from work -leaves you in a food coma, meaning that the rest of work with fly by -it gives you the rest of the day to work the grease off -just makes the day better!
5	Is there anything better than eating a Green Chili Beef Frybread at the Fry Bread House while Journey's Separate Ways blasts in the background? I think not.
5	My husband ate here one day for lunch, and wanted to go back that night for dinner.  It's THAT good!  I tried it the next day and I would have gone back the same night for dinner, too, if I wouldn't have still been so full.  It is THAT good!!The front parking lot is tiny, but there is a gravel lot in back, and the dining room is a bit small, so if you plan to eat there around regular lunch or dinner hours you might be better off ordering pick up.
4	I think the name and good ratings should tell most of the story. It is a house that sells great fry bread! Granted fried bread is always good, but their take on it is great.What really keeps me coming back to this place is their hot sauce. It is a amazing blend of red peppers and a sweetness that I can not put my finger on. I sometimes drink it straight from the bottle much to the chagrin of people around me. For me the fry bread is simply a good substrate to deliver this heavenly red sauce. I have tried it on savory items like the bean and cheese fry bread. I have also tried it on the sweet ones like the chocolate syrup and powdered sugar fry bread.  What I am saying is TRY THE HOT SAUCE, it is groin grabbingly transcendent. - As Homer Simpson would say The menu has some non fry bread options but I have never seen anyone order them. The small parking lot fills quickly, so be prepared to park around the corner. The line can be long as well as they move at their own pace. It is worth the wait.This is one calorie laden stop that is worth a try.
5	This place is surprisingly good...the fry bread could really melt in your mouth...it was that good!  I had driven by this place so many times and finally stopped in yesterday.  I can't tell you how much I have been missing the past 6 years!
3	This was first time trying out American Indian food and I can't say I was all that impressed.First I went with this stew called Menudo (red) -- yeah, definitely not a fan of the overload in hominy. I mean, this stew could possibly be amazing for those hominy lovers, but it's not for me. The taste and texture was not very appealing to me.I then decided to try out their famous fry bread tacos. Fry bread I guess i would have to describe as a better tasting chalupa. Anyways, I didnt know which to choose from the menu so i thought that it was best that i try multiple ones since i might not ever get a chance to return to this area. The two I went with were the Chili Combination Taco (green) and the Chorizo Combo taco. Both were decent tasting, but it was so greasy that I feel like I will now be dieting for the rest of my life to burn off these calories. Although not my favorite of meals, it was worth trying out at least once.
4	You know, every culture has some delicious form of fried bread. From donuts to funnel cakes to begniets to fried dough to sopapillas and on and on. They are all good. Deep fried, melt-in-your-mouth, good.Indian Fry bread is no exception. It may have the advantage of being easier to make at home than other fried doughs... so I am a big fan.Here I had the vegetarian and it was filled with a tasty mess of green chiles and beans and other mostly healthy things. Then I had the eyes-roll-back-in-your-head honey and sugar combo. Hot and tasty honey. Beautiful bread and powdered sugar. Just a pleasure to eat.The staff here was very nice, too.
4	Well worth the two hours you will need to spend at the gym working it all off.
4	Mmmm Indian Fry Bread. Is it a cake, bread, pastry or other delicious baked good? Is it for breakfast, lunch, dinner or dessert? Its all of these things!So far I've only tried this mysterious disk in its sweet dessert form. What could make deep fried bread even better? Well covering it in chocolate would be a good start. If that's not enough lets add some melted butter to it. Holy doctors worst nightmare!Despite knowing what it was I was doing to myself I was still able to enjoy this delicious treat. The butter and the chocolate was a great combination. Its all tied together with the chewy warm dough that's been fried to perfection. This was so rich even in a sugar binge eat everything in site kind of night I had to stop after half.I wouldn't recommend this more than once or twice a year for your own sake. Bring a friend and share the MmmMMmmm
4	Tasty food, casual atmosphere.  Add this to your list of favorite local mom and pop ethnic restaurants to take out of town guests, it's one of those unique places that my return visitors tell others about and ask to be taken back to.  If you're lucky you may see former Governor Rose Mofford (beehive hairdo and all) enjoying a frybread in one of the booths.  i'm partial to the frybreads that come with green chili, either on board or on the side.  the powdered sugar and honey one's also very tasty but i usually don't have room for that after a meal...but hey, you could stroll up  7th Ave to checkout some of the cool antique and vintage fashion and art shops in the Melrose neighborhood, then stroll back to FBH for that powdered sugar and honey frybread.  in the past they have sometimes had a live chicken scratch band playing in their parking lot on First Friday night which only adds to the local color.  i need to go by and see if that's still the case -hope so!
5	Best fry bread ever.  The tacos are excellent and the powered sugar dessert fry breads are wonderful and light.  They also make really good iced sun tea.  Like that this place is low-key and casual.
5	I found the bane of my pregnant existence: a giant slab of fry bread loaded with beans, lettuce, cheese, grilled onion, and sour cream.. also known as the Vegetarian Taco. The place isn't too big, and you place your order at the counter and wait for it. The food comes fast though, and when ours did, I gulped in anxiety over how to tackle the taco.. it's h u g e. Just give in, get a pile of napkins [and a moist towelette] and grab that delicious morsel with both hands and understand it's messy. It was love at first bite for me, tasting every ingredient nestled between two sides of one delicious piece of fry bread. For dessert, my husband and I split a powdered sugar fry bread, and as he was so full from his green chili beef taco, I got most of it. Bring your appetite and leave your Biltmore ladies behind, because hearing how fattening this wonderful place is would be a total buzzkill.
5	This is the best fry bread around! Forget that bland attempt you get when the fair comes around, Fry Bread House is the best! Clean, ok customer service, but amazing food! I loooove the tacos here and you can't forget a honey and powder sugar fry bread post taco! yummmmmmmmmmmm .. ps you need lots of napkins.
5	This place...this place....just too damn delicious. Vegetarian taco is my specialty while the Chorizo taco is the boyfriends. It is complete heaven: humongous frybread, slathered with beans, meat or vegetables, cheese, and huge sodas. Lunch time it is PACKED, but after hours it is always calm and relaxing. The food is prepared quickly and they never miss a beat.*Conan and Andy advertised it for their live show* This demonstrates the pure power of the Fry Bread House.
4	Deep fried pockets of deliciousness.... Even better when served with green chile pork, chorizo, or as the Ultimate taco.  It gets crowded around lunchtime, so take out is a good option.
5	This is a must try in PHX! Fun, funky, good and locally owned place that takes fry bread and
3	Good.  Not bad.  Not great.Tastes just like a fry bread that you get at any casino or street fair, ect.I had the Indian Taco with beans, cheese and lettuce.My three kids split two of the Tacos with ground beef, beans, cheese and lettuce.  We threw some food away and only spent $21.
3	This place was very popular, and there was a line at the door.  The food is very simple cooking, but its door well.  The menu has a lot of variations on he same thing, and items are just different fillings for the fry bread.  You order at the counter and they call you for picking it up.  Dining is simple and spartan.  there is eating area outside too.  Everything our party ordered was good, but I would not give it an off the hook rating.  All in all with the price being cheap, it was a place that I would recommend and visit again.  Excellent for take out due to the limited seating.
4	The service is getting faster which is great as I can' wait to get my food once I order.On my last visit I went with the vegetarian taco, it was good but had a bit too much sour cream for my liking, After killing off  bottle of hot sauce my coworker ordered the chocolate and butter fry bread for a heart attack and desert. I tasted it and to my surprise the fry bread goes well with sweet as well as savory. I then tried some hot sauce on it. IT WORKED chocolate and the sweet spice of their sauce are a magical combo.  Try it, then call me crazy.
5	Oh. My. Lanta!!So, Kelly A. and I ended up finally going here and we loved it! This place is small, the food is deliciously greasy, the portions are hearty and the staff is great! Since it was our first time here, we had questions. I absolutely enjoy it when you can go into a restaurant, ask about the food and get an honest and happy response! After the questions came to rest, there were two recommendations that we went with: the green chile and the chocolate and butter covered fry bread...let me just say that there is something truly magical about chocolate and butter on fried dough. There was definitely instant guilt but also instant bliss! That being said, the food here is just tasty!Fry Bread House is definitely a local spot for locals. There isn't as much press as I would expect and I don't think I've ever seen it in a travel guide to Phoenix. It's truly a little gem and I am a fan.
4	While the white man still struggles with getting the native population to die so Uncle Sam can take over the casinos and cigarette sales, the tribes smile and continue to wave their tribal lawyers at the government but there is a secret plot to kill the white man and it's plain delicious!Yes, if you don't notice from the size of the workers and other tribe members who eat there or sell jewelry out front, fry bread is not a diet item. Seldom is the mana from heaven good for you but why question the powers that be?Start with the chili (red's my favorite) and fry bread and finish off with the butter and chocolate fry bread. A quick trip to the emergency ward for some artery cleaning and you are ready to go back for more.Seriously, one of the better fry bread places and it's clean, inexpensive and the staff is friendly. You will need to wash your hands after your meal or your car keys will slide from your hands and forget trying to steer. With such a small parking lot, one does not want to navigate out of a spot with greasy hands.*I had to laugh at the Yelp form when it asked about "reservations." ;)
5	How can something so simple taste sooo good? I wish there were one more on the west side. I hate going to the fair to get my fix of fry bread. There needs to be one of these on every  corner of the compass in Phoenix! As Rachel Ray would say, "Yummy!"
2	The fry bread in itself was great, it is just what goes inside it is not that great. I have been wanting to come here for a long time since I have heard so much about it. I got a bean and cheese fry bread and the beans came half smashed with whole pinto beans in it, which I can't stand. The beans are not very flavorful when they are whole. The cheese was a thick shred which didn't melt and it was altogether disappointing. My partner got the fry bread with ground beef which he said was not flavorful at all. It was like they just cooked the beef with no flavoring at all. Maybe they were having a really off night? Yelp, why have you been betraying me lately? I keep going to these great reviewed places and they suck.
5	The first time I went here was in 2007. My nephew absolutely loved this place......I do too!
4	Yummy stuff. I can only comment on the dessert ones and in my opinion it is the best fry bread. Love to treat myself whenever I can.
3	3.5- This is one of those places that I would be happy going to once every couple of years or so. While I liked the food, it's not something that I see myself craving on a constant basis. The fry bread itself was fresh, chewy and tasted eerily similar to a traditional Chinese breakfast staple called  called "You Tiao," which is a fried bread in the shape of a stick, rather than the round shape of the Native American "fry bread" served at The Fry Bread House. We tried 2 varieties of the fry bread tacos as well as a sweet fry bread while we stopped here during our roadtrip to the Southwest: chorizo taco, ultimate combo taco and fry bread w/ honey. Again, no complaints about the bread really, but the fillings actually kind of took away from the tastiness of the fry bread. The chorizo was the better of the two "tacos." The meat was spicy and abundant. However, the ultimate combo taco filling was a let-down. There was hardly any beef-- there was way too much refried beans, and it just did not pair well with the fry bread. The sogginess of the filling weighed the bread down. The sweet fry bread was very tasty and dripping with honey. However, I was feeling really bloated by the time I got to this portion of the meal-- you see, whatever fry bread I consumed seemed to have expanded at least 3 times in my stomach...So overall, worth a stop for the curiosity factor. But now I know if I ever wanted to eat Native American "fry bread" again, I can just buy some You Tiao from the local Asian grocery and experience pretty much the same taste again.
4	My mom and I stopped in on a rainy Wednesday for lunch between Christmas and New Year.  This place definitely busier than Sacred Hogan and I can say I enjoy this place almost as much.  I find that their fry bread here is thicker and crispier than that of Sacred Hogan and they salt their food well (to the point I didn't have to add any, and I think I have a salty palate). Sacred Hogan is not as generous with their salt (can be good and bad).  My mom had the beef stew and I had the combo indian taco with red chile.  I can say that I would go back just for a bowl of their red chile beef,  and has me curious about their green chile, after having it on my taco (this coming from a Native New Mexico girl who knows her chile) .  It was not spicy but full of flavor.  My mom's beef stew was hearty and served with a good sized piece of fry bread and was quite tasty.  We left stuffed and didn't eat another meal that day.  I will still find myself going to Sacred Hogan for their Lamb Sandwich, or their Mutton Stew but you may find me mixing in a little FBH now and again.
4	There's not a safer bet to tackle a good dose of red-blooded hunger than some fry bread.  Something magical happens when that freshly fried bread is slathered with beans and cheese.
5	love this place... best ever!!
4	Went in here right before lunch to try it out. Got an Indian Taco (which doesn't feel PC but since it's owned and staffed by Native Americans, I guess they can call it what they want) with a drink for just over $5. The fry bread was super soft and not really greasy (like I expected, it being fried and all) with really fresh beans, melted cheese, and lettuce. For having no meat and just being a single taco, the prices are a little steep, but for being a small locally owned restaurant downtown, you can't expect Taco Bell prices. Nice staff, clean building.
4	I love this place, it is so good! If you want good fry bread that tastes almost homemade this is the place to go.
5	This place is utterly delicious and a great hidden gem of Phoenix. I first had it after they catered an event I went to and I haven't looked back. The chorizo taco and the green chile tacos are my favorites, but the navajo taco is also a top contender, simple but delicious. And you can't go wrong with the wait time. It's quick to get in and get out and the food is always fresh.
2	Hmm... I'm not sure what I was expecting from my first taste of Native American food but, my Navajo Taco from The Fry Bread House was did not live up to any ideas I had.  The fry bread is good enough... of course, anything you deep fry is usually tasty but, the taco was super bland and nothing interesting.  It basically was fried bread with lettuce, beans and some cheese slapped in it.  :-/When I add the lackluster food to the fact that the man at the counter was not friendly at all... rude actually, I don't have a very satisfied feeling about my experience.  My friend was trying to order the stew and some fry bread and the man treated him like he was dumb for not knowing that you have to order a combo to get both.  Then, when we ask what drinks they had, the man kinda rolled his eyes and pointed to a sign... again, like we should have already know where the sign was or what their options were.  Really?  We walked in and right up to the counter so we didn't have much chance to familiarize ourselves with their exact set-up.  I almost said something but, didn't want any chance of retaliation in our food. So, my friends stew was full of flavor and my taco had none.  The only saving factor was the dessert fry bread at the end... I'd go back to try other things if friends invited me again but, I might try to find a different fry bread location since the big guy behind the counter was so rude and condescending at this one.  Prolly won't see ya there.
5	We go there all the time and love the red vegetable with extra fry bread with powder sugar.  They have lots of drink options on tap, but we prefer the ice cold water they make available.  Right next door is a great coffee shop that you can finish up dinner.Now the service is not the best, but you may get a smile if you crack a joke, but they definitely have some great authentic fry bread!
4	This hole in the wall is tucked away off of 7th Ave; you have to keep an eye out to spot it.  Upon first glance, the shack-like eatery might not seem like the most appealing place to grab a bite, but sometimes it's the little crappy looking places that have the most authentic and best-tasting food.  Fry Bread House is one of those places for sure.Fry bread is just that, fried bread.  It can be eaten in a number of ways, including as a taco shell wrap, and here, they are said to be the best in the state.  The fry bread is thick but airy and is folded in half to create their specialty dishes, fry bread tacos.  We tried the green fry bread taco, stuffed with spicy green chili beef, topped with lettuce and cheese, which was delicious.  My personal favorite was the chorizo taco, filled with spicy chorizo, also topped with cheese and lettuce.Do not leave without having dessert.  The chocolate and butter fry bread is an award winning favorite, using their secret recipe.  It's basically a slab of fry bread loaded with chocolate sauce, butter, and God only knows how many calories.  We tried it and needless to say, it was amazing.By the time we left, the line was out the door.  This is one of those places you come to indulge and try out the local cuisine.  We made it a pit stop on our trip through Phoenix, but I highly advise against making this greasy spoon a regular lunch spot.  What it lacked in nutrition, it definitely made up for in taste.  Plus it was super cheap, and great for a quick meal.  I left completely stuffed, but I just had to try it all!  If you're ever in Phoenix, I have to insist that you stop in for a fry bread taco and/or a sweet!
4	Frybread is sooo good that it makes me feel very bad.  I know it's not going to be good for me but I do it anyway.  Do it.  Do that cramped dive-y space called the Frybread House.  When you're feeling very bad.Afterward go to confession.
3	When a friend asked me to meet them for lunch and eat some fry bread, I immediately thought ~ "is the fair or a carnival in town?"  No, this is not your carnie type of fry bread, it much better!!We met at The Fry Bread House and found it to be this little gem of a place that's kind of a hole in the wall.  You must look for the street sign to find them because they are set back off the road and since this is a small place they are kind of hard to find.  Their parking lot is usually full so you may want to park around the side.Restaurant ~ nothing fancy here but it's very cleaned and kind of 70's dinerish. You walk in and step up to the counter and place your order. There are a lot of regular's and locals that dine here, so don't be afraid to ask one of them about your choices.Service ~ friendly bunch of folks working here.  Everything is pretty much self-serv.  They are not very green friendly and use lots of plastic and stryo foam.Food ~ The fry bread and red chili beef stew was very good and I would get it again.  The red chili stew was pipping hot with a very good balance of seasoning that wasn't too spicy and it had a good balance of meat to broth.  The fry bread was a little sweet, very tasty but it was a little too greasy. I know it's fry bread but I thought it would be a little more crispy.  We also had their tacos with beef and a veggie taco.  Both were very good however I should have eaten the taco first before my stew because the meat, beens and yummy goodness inside the taco was too much for the fry bread to hold up to.  It fell apart when trying to pick it up.  All in all it was a very good experience and I'm looking forward to going back to The Fry Bread House to try an opened faced taco, their green chili stew and some fry bread desert!  Oh my!
4	Today I took a trip to The Fry Bread House for my first taste of the famous bread.  Until just a few days back I had thought fry bread was a desert much like an elephant ear or funnel cake.  I had no idea it was used as the base for a meal (they do offer desert varieties too).For lunch I had an Indian Taco with green chili beef, beans, cheese and the normal taco fixings only it was served on fry bread as opposed to a tortilla. The taco was tasty and the portion was large.  I paid $5 or $6 and it was well worth it.  Just think about the money that can be spent at any fast food joint and the Indian Taco becomes an even better deal.Service was easy and fast.  I ordered, picked up my drink, grabbed a paper towel and sat down.  By the time I checked in my name was called and my taco was waiting.  I was very impressed with The Fry Bread House and I will be returning.
5	OMG that is the best fry bread! I was visiting during Memorial weekday and place was closed until Tuesday but I was determined not to leave w/o trying that fry bread and I am sooo glad I did. I ordered the Indian Taco which comes with lettuces, beans and cheese and I also ordered plain with honey. You have to it eat it while is hot; it tastes the best. After finishing one, I ordered another it was so good. Super friendly staff, parking outside the place.
5	I have memories that make my mouth water.  My mother calls me everytime she passes through Phoenix to ask me where this place is.  She tells her friends in Los Angeles to come here if they have business or family trips to Phoenix.  They all rave after their experience.  The fry bread house is as authentic as it gets.  Indian tacos, fry bread with sugar, and oh my god--the red chili stew.  I think I just drooled a little on my keyboard.  The place does get a little cramped during meal times, but we used to take ours to go and sit in the park after a bike ride down Central and picnic away and then do our best to ride it off afterwards so we weren't wallowing in the guilt of our deep fried pleasures.  Make sure they are open before you make the trek, they have funky hours.
4	Clean dining area, not too fancy. Great if you have kids and need to feed them fast. Get the Indian taco with the beef! Yum! The desert was the highlight, deep fried bread with cinnamon sugar. Ugh! I wasn't hungry for the next 12 hours...
4	Not too much to say here. Went to the Fry Bread House for lunch and got a Green Chili Indian Taco. Inexpensive, came out of the kitchen in about seven minutes, huge, and absolutely delicious. Dining area is clean, staff is friendly, food is very tasty (if not the healthiest in the world...), and service is fast. The only con is the dining area is very small so you can feel packed in. Overall, the Fry Bread House is a great little local place to go to if you ever want some fast, delicious food at a low price!
4	I would have probably given this 3 stars if not for the awesome green chili stew and the variety of dessert frybreads that rock my world.The various frybread tacos are solid, but nothing that exceptional. I like the chorizo one with lots of hot sauce. It's a good neighborhood spot when you're in the mood for something a little different, or especially if you've got a sweet tooth! :)
4	My older sister kept raving about this place and by kept raving about this place I axed her to stop talking about it because she kept putting it on higher pedestals and I feel that things shouldn't be built up so much.  She stopped talking about it until after I finally told her I went and man, was it worth all that hype.I went to Phoenix to see the White Sox take on the Diamondbacks and I flew in that Friday morning.  After I got to the hotel I quickly found my way to the light rail which took me north to Indian School Road.  And then I caught a bus for a quick slide over to 7th avenue.  I ordered a red taco AND a green taco thinking that they weren't too big but perhaps I should have paid attention to what was on other people's plates.  They were both really, really good and if I had to pick a better one, I'd say that the red chili was slightly better than the green.The red tamale was OUTSTANDING and next time I go in there I'm a gonna order at least 5 of those.  Did you read that last sentence?  I repeat, the red tamale was OUTSTANDING.The inside of the place wasn't much to look at but if your food is that good, then who really gives a fuck what the decor looks like?Helpful tip:  Go there really hungry.
4	I had the vegetarian taco and it was amazing!
5	Forget the gross fry bread at the fair. This place is amazing! I probably gain 5 lbs everytime I eat here, but it's totally worth it. The green chili shredded beef is awesome! Nice people, very clean, and somehow its inexpensive.
1	My boyfriend and I recently moved from Peoria to Central Phoenix and we were so used to eating at chains whenever we went out, that now we avoid them at all costs. A couple times a week, I check out Yelp and see what great gem we can find next. Last night, I wanted to take my mom and boyfriend out to a relatively cheap dinner. The Fry Bread House sounded amazing! I read a couple reviews that said the man behind the counter was rude, but I pretty much overlooked them. That was a huge mistake, because I received the absolute WORST customer service I ever have in my life. We went up to order and the man behind the counter did not smile, did not greet us, did not ask if we had any questions, NOTHING. My mom and I ordered the red and green chile tacos respectively and my boyfriend ordered the taco with ground beef. I have to say that my mom and I did like our food, but it wasn't enough to keep me from despising this place. My boyfriend is not fan of vegetables, onions, or anything really other than meat. He specifically ordered it because on the menu, "ONLY these ingredients" (ground beef) is underlined and it says 'without all the extra stuff' or something like that. It sounded perfect to him! We sit down to eat our food and he finds that there are many diced onions all over the ground beef. We both go up to the counter and tell him that my boyfriend is allergic to onions and he ordered it specifically because of the verbiage on the menu. He did not say anything; he just went looking through the menu to try to prove us wrong. I said "I didn't read it, but my boyfriend did." He laughed, did not look at us and said "That's right, he didn't read it!" in an extremely offensive manner. He is still looking through the menu still and after a while he cannot find anything to prove us wrong! He offers my boyfriend fry bread with beans. We ask if there is a way we can get the ground beef with no onions, and he very rudely said "If you wanna wait an hour!" My boyfriend tells him to just make it with cheese thinking it will be somewhat like a quesadilla. The man behind the counter throws his old food away right in front us angrily, and then he tells his employee something. He comes back with fry bread sprinkled with shredded cheese! It's not melted or anything! How is this an equivalent meal? He also gives me about 2.50 back. Of course, it was terrible food. Who would want to eat that? My boyfriend was still hungry and I was sick of going up to the counter. It was the worst experience I've ever had at any establishment. Good food will only get you so far, Fry Bread House. We will never be back again and it looks like you're starting to put off a lot of people. You better change or else you will go under faster than you can sprinkle shredded cheese.
5	100% predictably good food that is bad for you; the taste is worth the splurge of calories and fat. Delicious consistently.
4	Best restaurant fry bread inside Phoenix boundaries.  O'odham style. We bring visitors. Plan on standing in line during the lunch rush.  Better yet, come a bit earlier or later so you can find parking in the lot.
3	I enjoyed the Fry Bread as the bread itself was very delicious especially when topped with beans and cheese with the bread being an above average size.  Prices have gone up as a Fry Bread with bean and cheese will run you $6.28 after taxes and if you want to add a drink to that you can count on at least another $2.00.For me the price isn't worth coming back on a regular basis.  The beans didn't have much taste but you can add salt and salsa to your bread if you want to add more taste.Overall, if you are in the mood for some fry bread this is a good place to get a quick fix.  Although, I would have to say that the fry bread sold annually at the State Fair taste much better.Special note, they have a child's size fry bread with bean and cheese with a drink for $3.95 plus tax.  Interestingly, the child's size is not too much smaller than the full size.  So if you want to save some $$$ you can always order take out and get the child's size fry bread !
4	Moving finally to the last of my supplementary snacks I'll start off by saying I'd read about The Fry Bread House a couple of times when planning my trip to The Valley but it did not make my list of must visit stops until just the day prior during dinner at Kai when I was speaking with head Chef Michael O'Dowd about the lack of Native American restaurants in the area (he explained this to me, but that is for another time) and one of his expeditors suggested I should check out Cecilia Miller's temple of fried dough calling it "about as authentic as it gets around here."Hailing from the Tohono O'odham Nation and serving up her style of Indian Tacos around the area for nearly twenty years (and now at two locations) I opted to head to the original Fry Bread House West and having followed my GPS from door to door I found the location with ease on a relatively dingy stretch of 7th Avenue and allocating parking with ease I made my way into the unassuming low-lying restaurant where I was greeted by a short line and then by a curt but friendly waitress who took no time in requesting my order and name before handing me a plastic cup to get my water and suggesting it would be perhaps 10 minutes before my food was ready.Taking a seat - the table slightly sticky and clearly not wiped down since (at least) the last diners - and browsing the scene while I watched the kitchen work through the small open window I marveled at the flow of the room as patron after patron received his or her food.  With some orders having been phoned in and others being delivered to the tables surrounding mine if I had to guess nearly fifteen Fry Breads were served during my nine minute wait and when I finally heard "Michael" called from the front I stepped up to collect my $12 merely seconds before the next order was served up to "Andre."Returning to my seat with prizes in hand my first impression was that I'd over ordered as each disc was easily the size of a Frisbee and two-to-three fold as thick, but picking up my first option, the "Indian Taco with Pinto Beans, Shredded Cheddar Cheese, Lettuce" I was next impressed as to just how light the hand stretched bread was - a wisp of pillowy flat bread crisped on the outside by the oil but light and airy within.  With the ingredients a standard store-bought admixture of traditional taco toppings and a bit of hot sauce to taste this was a good choice to understand what the "Indian Taco" was all about (and perhaps to understand why diabetes and lipid disorders are so prevalent in their population, as well.)Moving next to my dessert selection, one of the frequently noted "best dishes" in Phoenix and denoted as an "Award Winning Favorite" on the restaurant menu, the Chocolate and Butter Fry Bread would prove to be every bit the "Fair Food" extravagance I expected with the same airy dough this time served openfaced and drizzled - nay - ladled first with butter and then with melted dark chocolate tinged with what I believe was adobe spice and cinnamon.  Sliced and resting atop both wax paper and napkins to soak up the grease I attacked this fry bread with zeal and without going so far as to call it the most sinful thing I've eaten this year I will simply say this; it was a once-in-a-year sort of treat that was entirely worth the money, calories, and visit but at the same time the sort of thing that simply feels "bad" for you despite the smile on your face as you're eating it.
3	I was disappointed.  I havd very high hopes based on other reviews, but The Fry Bread House was just OK.  I tried the green chili soup (very, very good), the ultimate chorizo taco (eh.....) and the chocolate and buter (one bite was enough).  Overall a cute, aka authentic, place with nice enough service, but no need to waste a meal there if you are from out of town.
5	Best fry bread ever
4	We got the Chocolate and butter fry bread and it tasted great.  We liked it so much we got another one.  We randomly found this place using yelp as we were looking for some kind of desert place.  On arrival, we were not sure if we got the right place, since it looks like a house.  There were some people outside the place that were selling necklaces, etc..After getting inside, I realized that this was Native American food.  We unfortunately already ate, but we decided to get desert, so we got the chocolate and butter fry bread.  I am glad I found this place, so at least I can say I tried some Native American food, while out in Phoenix.  It also got really busy as we were leaving.  I would like to come back here.
4	Fry Bread House was the first address we entered into the GPS after picking up our rental car, and it was a great decision.  In fact, I wish we could have had a few more meals there...sigh...We got there around 11:30a and the parking lot was deserted.  The exterior is unremarkable, and we were initially unsure if we arrived at the right destination, but fortune favors the bold, so we pushed open the door and strode in confidently up to the ordering counter.  We were elated to discover that breakfast was still available!Despite nearly paralyzing indecision, we managed to place our orders.  Although we experienced a few foibles in the fulfillment process (e.g., my breakfast burro was initially wrapped in a tortilla (rather than frybread) and lacked eggs), all issues were cheerfully and efficiently resolved for a delicious conclusion!  We tried:1. Burro Plate with Eggs, Fried Potatoes, Ground Beef, Onions and Cheese on Frybread (~$6): non-traditional perhaps, but completely delicious.  If you like these ingredients separately, you will LOVE them together.  The bottle of hotsauce they give you on the tray is not particularly spicy, but very tasty!2. Frybread with Green Chili Stew (~$6): great, satisfying bowl of stew with a nice kick to it!  Tender chunks of meat and plenty of flavor.  Went very well with the frybreadAfter glutting ourselves on frybread in the Phoenix area, I can say positively that The Frybread House had the best version.  Crispy and chewy but not too thick!  Just right and fried perfectly golden!  Great either sweet or savory!PARTING THOUGHT: By the time we left (~45 minutes later), the parking lot was completely full and there were people waiting for spaces, so the best time to arrive for lunch is a bit before noon!
4	Yum!  even though it is incredibly heavy and bad for you- YUM.  we got the beef and hominy stew with fry bread and the ultimate taco.  let's start with the stew- though it was just beef and hominy, the broth was so tasty and delicious.  didn't even need the fry bread on the side.  the ultimate taco was pretty awesome- we got the red beef chili and then it had refried beans, cheese, sour cream, and lettuce.  it definitely wasn't gourmet but it was so delicious and so cheap!  gluttonous, but worth it.  we wanted to get a dessert fry bread, but we were just way too full to even go there.
2	Saw owner wipe the tops of the red ketchup bottles with the same rag he used to clean the table. Won't go back.
4	I really like this place, we make the 20 or so mile journey once or twice a month to come here and its always worth it. there is nothing extravagant about the building inside or out but it is clean and well kept. A lot of the menu items are just downright unhealthy for you but good tasting and unique. our favorite is the vegetarian tamale, don't let the "vegetarian" part of that put you off because there friggin delicious and should just be called" friggin delicious tamales" rather then "vegetarian" tamales. for a first visit i would be sure to make that part of your order. be careful not to over order from this place, a "taco" here is actually a plate sized affair and should fill up any normal person fully. i have heard a few people on here complain that the employees here are rude or unfriendly, this is not the case at all,true they do not greet you from behind the counter when you enter the door nor will they talk to you in peppy sounding tones with a fake smile plastered to there face like most restaurants,this is not because they are unfriendly or rude in some way it is because it is not in there culture to act that way. everyone who works there is Native American, Tohono O'odham to be exact and its just really not in there nature to be overly chit chatty or to act in a way that is fake or in-genuine to there actual personality. Native Americans,at least in the southwest, tend to be pretty reserved and just keep it real especially around people they don't know,so rather then get offended that the cashier doesn't give you a big fake smile and say "thank you have a nice day" you should consider it part of the "experience" and understand that it doesn't mean they are being rude. it is actually something about native American culture that i really appreciate and respect. anyway just wanted to address that because Ive seen it mentioned so many times in reviews of this place.
5	I have to say this place has the very best Fry Bread in town. It blows the State Fair away by far. The place is small but that is fine it makes it seem more family owned. They really take pride in the food the put out and they give you a lot. The desert fry bread is great also.
4	Great food, in a simple setting. I have been a couple of times now and have enjoyed each visit.
5	SO my friend, and I wanted something to eat for dinner..we were craving something other than the usual McDonald's, Denny's, or any other mundane restaurant that failed at tantalizing our taste buds.  So I went on yelp, and looked around for a new, and exciting place for us to explore, and I saw this place.  Now I've had Indian Fry Bread for the first time several months ago, and I loved the store but could never acquire more..so when I saw this place I was all over it.  There isn't an abundance of parking, and it gets crowded very quickly but as my friend stated that's a good sign.  The interior is decorated with Native American artwork, artifacts, and pictures.  It's a pretty cozy place, we will be back.
5	Somebody recommended this place to me a long time ago and now I have been faithfully going here for years. ABSOLUTELY AMAZING. I had a friend from Flag who was homesick for any kind of Native food, and brought her here...she was so happy to see a place actually run by the Tohono O'odham Nation, AND it was absolutely amazing to boot. I always get the "everything possible on it" green chile frybread, and they never let me down...so so so good. They spice the meat perfectly and the frybread is to die for...you can't go wrong with any of the frybreads here, ever!
5	I love this place, been there twice and the food is fantastic. Building appearances may be deceiving but the food is excellent and I'm telling you, you must give it a try. The Green Chili Stew is top notch and the Navaho Taco's are great as well, but the fry bread is 100% A OKThe only issue I have is that they are closed on Sunday's, but I guess everyone deserves a day off.
5	I have never had fry bread. It's hard to describe: perhaps a cross between puri and fried dough a fair. But better than both. This place is operated by Tohono O'odham Nation. It was recently named a James Beard American Classic. No frills, simple digs, this place let's the food stand out. And it does by far. The red chili stew was finger-licking good. Which is impressive since stews are eaten with spoons and typically don't involve licking fingers. I ordered the fry bread with beans, lettuce, and cheese. These are deceptively large and perhaps could fit an infant. I recommend buying a blanket for your infant, so you can eat the fry bread. Places like this make me sad that I don't live in the area. How I yearn to try the rest of that menu!
4	Whoo Hoo!  Congrats on your James Beard Award, Fry Bread House!!!
4	One good thing about large chains is they make you really appreaciate a place like this.  Small, rustic and no one ramming apps or desserts down your gullet. A James Beard award winner for local fare, The Fry Bread House is great!  Big taco like creations with their amazing fry bread. The green chili sauce is outstanding.You also need to make room in your belly for their dessert. It's chocolate sauce on their fry bread. Amazingly simple and extremely addictive. My hands looked like a fight scene from The Matrix as to how fast I ate it! Parking lot is super tiny and I heard the lunch crowd is huge (not large in weight just lots of people).
5	I always have a Soup Nazi moment here. Once I ordered a 'Navajo Taco' and not an 'Indian Taco' -- a mistake I will not make again. They are hardcore, but pretty much some of the best food you'll find in Arizona. Every time I sit down to my Indian Taco, I think...this should be the official food of Arizona.
5	Best Fry Bread in Arizona, same style as the StateFair Fry Bread.
4	I've been hearing about fry bread house for awhile now. So when I moved into my new home and found it right next door to my neighborhood dive bar, which does not serve food, I was understandably excited.  You know what you need whilst drinking cheap beer? greasy food.  This isn't greasy bad, like dripping and wet, this is good.  This is fluffy warm fry bread, with delicious spicy chorrizo, and all the fixings.The prices are good, the staff was friendly and quick, and the food? oh yes, I  will be back.Also, the leftovers with a fried egg cracked on top, a great breakfast the next morning.  really.
5	This place is awesome!! the red chili burro is to die for!!  The green chili stew WOW!!!  If anyone reads this please do yourself a favor and go!!
4	Great food good prices.  Little hole in the wall joint definitely worth experiencing.
5	Absolutely delicious!!! Read the reviews and knew I had to make a visit. The place was small, had plenty of parking, and had a  few jewelry vendors outside. Service was friendly and pretty quick with our orders. The ultimate taco with green chili sauce was sooo good. The bread was tasty- fried perfectly and was such a large portion. Try the ground beef taco as well, if you're not into saucy. The hominy stew was good- simple but flavorful. Sodas come with free refills. (wish I noticed the sign before ordering a 'Large') Their large is HUGE and comparable to a 2 person family sized portion? Lol I don't know how to describe it but large was definitely an understatement. The food here definitely hit the spot and the next time I'm in Phoenix, I will HAVE to stop by!
1	Ok..so my gf  RAVED about this place, and we went for lunch.  I was excited! I had a big fry bread taco. The bread was thick, and good, but the stuff inside the taco lacked any real flavor or distinctive taste.  Bland --and nothing interesting.  It basically was fried bread with lettuce, meat, beans and some shredded cheese slapped in it.  Very filling, and I got fed.  I really wanted it to taste good because my gf was all into it.  By the time we were done,  I really wondered if she needed taste bud implants.  I would try other things next time, but I know flavor --and The Fry bread house just didn't have it.
3	Green Chili Stew is intense and fantastic! If you can handle spicy foods- I would say that this is a must try! Only knock on this place is that it is tiny and not ventilated very well. There is a lot of grease trapped inside of this small restaurant, and you will smell like fry bread for the rest of the day. That being said, it is worth it!
4	I love Fry Bread!!  But my big belly doesn't let me indulge as much as I would like!!  Occasionally when I get the hankering, this is the place!!I really enjoy their chile toppings, either red or green with all the fixins!  Just really good traditional food made by authentically traditional ladies in the back!   Yes, ladies you rock!!!
4	Try the chocolate and butter fry bread. The dessert was sweet and salty but very fatty so if you want a healthy dessert go for fro yo because you will feel guilty after this one. It kind of reminded me of a crispier funnel cake. Next time I want to try a fry bread taco which looks like a huge chalupa.
5	This place is awesome, cheap and a dream come true outside the fairgrounds. Have a ball
5	Just plain good. My husband and I went with our three youngest kids. They loved it, we loved, we all left full and happy. My husband and I had the Fry Bread Tacos. The fry bread was perfect. I had the green chili with all the fixins' and my husband had a red chili and cheese taco. He hadn't been all that excited about going here for dinner, but he changed his mind pretty fast! Both the red and green chili were delicious. I preferred the green. One son had a bean and cheese burro which was perfect from the tortilla to the beans that were cooked perfectly. Another son had the folded cheese crisp and I don't know what they did to it to make it so yummy but I think it might have had a little magic in it. For dessert we shared a chocolate butter fry bread and it was to die for but VERY rich. To share it between the five us we had more than enough.The man at the counter was helpful and funny (in a sassy sort of way) and we didn't hold it against him that he was wearing and ASU shirt ;) GO CATS!If you are over on this side of town - this is a must stop. Go, go, go!
4	Oh just delicious, no honeys though, 0 bees
4	This place was awesome. I would definitely go back. I had the pozole and it was really good. I also had a green chili fry bread taco. That was delicious. The only thing I would suggest is not to order the red menudo. I had it and I didnt know what to... The red sauce was made from enchilada sauce.  I did not enjoy it, but the rest of it was terrific. I dont have to wait for the state fair to have fry bread. YEAY!
3	Finally tried this place after hearing so much about it. I guess it was alright, but seriously, nothing special. The fry bread is just like a taco shell, so my fry bread with meat was like a taco with meat. How fantastic can that be, right?Nonetheless, not a bad place, just okay..
3	What happens when you take bad Mexican food, and replace all the tortillas with delectable fry bread?  You get The Fry Bread House.I stopped in FBH after a long time hearing about how great this place is.  After all, it is a James Beard award winner.  The menu left me immediately underwhelmed.  I went with the chorizo combo, which has sausage, beans, lettuce, and cheese inside of a folded piece of succulent fry bread.The chorizo was OK.  All the other toppings were mediocre - the lettuce and cheese didn't exactly seem like the freshest lettuce and cheese I've tasted. The drink selection was weak.  They only offer fountain drinks, for which you have to pay $0.80 for a refill. (I don't care about paying an extra $0.80 for some cheap liquid, but it's awfully inconvenient!)  How about offering some Mexican Coke or something?I believe I've already mentioned how delicious the fry bread is.  But it's fry bread.  I haven't had *disgusting* fry bread yet.  Food trucks and various off-the-food-inspector-radar sidewalk stands in the ghetto have awesome fry bread, too.Go here for awesome fry bread.  Just don't try to make a meal out of it, or you may find yourself severely underwhelmed.
5	How. How much do I love this place? Lots! The staff was enjoyable. He was wearing ASU garb and we were in our U of A shirts. He has helpful. The food was spectacular. I had the red chili and will gladly have it again. Me two young sons enjoyed their food. They especially enjoyed the chocolate fry bread. Parking is a challenge but totally worth it. Do yourself a favor and stop by when near by.
4	I love traditional native American fry bread and this place does a great job as well.  I ordered the green chilli stew and loved the spicy flavor could not stop eating it and loved dipping the fry bread in the chilli.  My wife ordered the Pozole and loved it, again great natural authentic southwest flavors whats not to love.  The only negatives are non food issues in my opinion.  Limited drink selection, and close far too early for a downtown Saturday night in my opinion (9pm)!
4	Fry bread is amazing.  We all know that and this place does not fail to deliver fantastic fry bread.  I had the ultimate green chili fried taco and it is as good as it sounds.  The place is very small but we had no problem finding seating around lunch time.  The price was a bit expensive.  For a ultimate fry bread taco and a med drink was just over $10.  Chips and salsa are $3.75 so I had to pass on those.  Otherwise this is a great place to bring some co workers and chow down on some lunch and dessert fry bread.
2	For real.. place was boo boo. My native friend hyped this shit up, and brought me a supreme damn indian taco. That muddafunka was weak sauce. Not much flavor in the red chili. Beans were meh.. Cheese... Lettuce. Sour cream. Overall plain as fugg.. I decided to give them another try, cuz I was craving some damn menudo, and no place has menudo during the week. Me and my coworker Fernando hit up the FBH at 11am. I ordered menudo.. Fernie was in line right behind me bout ta order when some fine thang who reminded me of a Brown Stallion Horse with skates on came up and told the clerk, "skuse me..deyyzz supposed ta be sep-rit oah-duz."the clerk looked at her like she was a terrorist, and let out a super long, loud, and frustrated, "Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuccccccccccccccccckkkkkkkkkk!!!!"The shit was disrespectful as hell.Whatever.. I sat down and waited for my menudo. You figure it should probably take 5 minutes or less to take a laddle.. dip the muthafunka in a big ass pot of pre-made soup.. pour it into a styrofoam container.. put a lid on it.. put it in a brown bag.. toss a pre-made baggie of onion and cilantro in.. grab a piece of fry bread form the muthafunka crankin out frybread.. toss that shit in the bag.. and shout out a nigga name.Nah man. Their shitty ass process took 30 fuckin minutes!!! Then I took that shit out of the bag! "WTF is this???" I said. FBH hooked up a midget ass little cup of menudo, and some fried dough for 7 bucks. My other spot does like 3 times that for less money! Stingy ass FBH.. You guys can suck one. That ish didn't even taste good. Work on your broth mane, and throw some damn limes in the bag. Eff this place man. Don't go here-
5	yum yum yum yum yum. Been wanting to try this place after trying a fry bread taco at Oktoberfest. Took my daughter there today. Got a beef chili taco and chorizo taco to go. Had to resist licking the plate. Awesome food fast service.
4	This place is awesome.  It was one of the first places I took my boyfriend to when we first started dating.  The food is fresh, authentic and the fry bread always comes out with the perfect amount of crispiness that I like.  The location isn't the best but I don't mind driving out there because the food is worth it.  The red chili is my favorite. Yum...I need to go back there again soon!!
4	Good hole in the wall! I'm going to try the Ultimate next time, I felt the beef taco would be better with beans :P
2	Nothing too great about this place. Food was ok once we sent back the reheated food we first got. Once they made it fresh, it was good. Customer service was nothing great, but also not horrible. It would be nice to be able to get a free refill on the fountain soda too.
2	The fry bread is good, but it is overpriced and the service is Horrible!  The fact that they gave a Giant Tip jar is hilarious, since they just take your money and call out your name when it's ready.   I guess you're tipping for the indifferent service that is border line rude and obnoxious.  Won't be going back.
4	I've always loved this place. Haven't been in a while but will check it out again at the end of December.
5	I'd been looking forward to finally trying authentic fry bread for years and finally had the opportunity to do so today at The Fry Bread House. I wasn't disappointed - it was fantastic! My husband and I shared a plain Indian Taco and a Red Chili Indian Taco and my kids tried (and loved) the UFO's, which were silver-dollar sized fry breads with a side of refried beans for dipping. While it wasn't the healthiest meal, it sure was a tasty once-in-a-while treat. The fry bread was light and fluffy and not greasy at all. The red chili beef was very flavorful with a moderate amount of heat (they serve hot sauce on the side). I don't know where to get fry bread like this where I live in San Diego, so it was an extra special treat to enjoy it here in Phoenix. We will definitely be back again!
5	I love the FBH. I have been eatting her since i was little. Green/red chili and menudo were all fantastic this time and everytime.
5	Tastiest food of our week in greater Phoenix.  We ordered the Indian Taco, the Red Chili Indian Taco and the UFO kids meal, with fun shaped little frybread pieces and beans and cheese.  The food was really simple and exceedingly delicious. The vibe in the place was cool too.  Lots of local folks were there - people who know from good.  While it didn't look like much from the outside, The Fry Bread House was clean and the staff was really friendly. Open since 1992, we're already hooked after one visit.We had a nice time, we loved the fry bread tacos, and we can't wait to go back during our next trip to Phoenix.  Highly recommend.
5	if you miss the fry bread at the az state fair, this is as good if not better
5	My first stop in Phoenix was the Fry Bread House and I instantly started a fry bread addiction for the rest of my stay. The surroundings are nothing fancy and the food comes out in disposable containers, but its delicious and extremely cheap. I particularly recommend the green chile stew that comes with a side of fry bread.
4	Tried to go to Angelina's but they have not re-opened yet so we ended up here. We both had the green chili frybread and it was great. I still have to say Angelina's is better but this place is definitely worth a try.
3	Cool place to try once but  not all that. The food is just ok, regular tostada toppings on top of fry bread with some sauce. Don't go in their with 5 star expectations or you'll likely be disappointed.  Positive - They have red cream soda
5	Fry Bread is really a lot like fried dough, but this restaurant takes it to a whole new level. My favorite is the beef and vegetable stew, but they have tacos and dessert stuff too. All centered around fry bread of course. The service is quick and the prices are reasonable. There is not wait staff. You order and they call your name.The night that I went most recently was a busy night because of a fair that was happening on 7th ave, so the food took about 10 minutes, but usually it's pretty prompt.
5	A local HIT!  It was a delightful "hole in the wall" restaurant, like finding a hidden treasure  We noticed a lot of locals, so knew that was a plus!  Ordered the Indian Taco, Red Chili Taco, and the Green Chile Stew.  The fried bread tasted like a savory funnel cake.  So word to the wise, do not order when you are super hungry...my eyes were definitely bigger than my stomach.  The portion is huge, so I think one taco wouldve satisfied my hunger.  One thing I regret was not making room for a dessert one.  However, I did peep out someone else's order and it looked amazing!
3	Came here with a co-worker, trying something new for lunch. Food was delish, but we weren't excited about the price. I spent over $10 on the ultimate frybread (green chili beef, beans, sour cream, and lettuce) and a drink. His total was over $6 for a bean and cheese frybread (and he was still hungry when we left). Maybe we're just cheap, but ouch!Small space, jam packed, and obviously a popular spot (with a super small parking lot)!Someone that looks like your Grandma making the frybread in the back, which was light and perfectly cooked. Staff was friendly and on top of things and our orders came out quickly. Free refills on the iced tea (tropical), but charge for refills on the soda. We'd probably come in more often if it were cheaper.
4	This place is amazing. I've been there twice now and had the red chile taco. Holy crap that's good!My sole problem with the place is the lack of free drink refills. Especially with the spicy food, come on guys, you gotta get on the bandwagon!
4	Okay I have come around, the Fry Bread House rocks! maybe I just went on a bad night or something...anyways after a few hours of trekking in the Heard Museum, we became very hungry looking at all of food and more specifically, fried food exhibits. Knowing that this place is Tohono O'odham Nation family owned, it was a no-brainer to stop in here for our fry bread cravings. You can see the women in the back stretching out the dough getting it ready for its hot oil bath.I recommend you take your time to order because there is so much to choose from. They also want you to shut your trap on your celly while ordering, so please put it away in the name of order accuracy. Why do you have to be so fattening fry bread?? Why??!? Tasty fillings and the  bread itself is slightly chewy without being too chewy, and has a fried, fresh, goodness about it. Try the red cream soda, it ties it all together.
5	I wish I could give this place 20 stars!  During my annual spring training trip, we used to always go to Heart Attack Grill for lunch one of the days...a tradition if you will.  Now that the Grill has relocated, there's been a giant void in my crew's go to spot for lunch.  Well that void has been filled with this joint -- it is the perfect restaurant!  Cheap, quick, not insanely busy, not too hard to get to, etc.  Oh, and of course, the food is out of control good.  I tried the green chilli and fry bread and both were amazing.  I kept clamoring to come back here on my last trip to no avail...let's just say I can't wait until I'm back in Phoenix this upcoming fall so I can come back to this gem!
5	The red chile is unbelievable. The only gripe is that the Phoenix location is a tad small.
5	I love fry bread! Definitely not a food for someone who is a calorie counter but it tastes so good! I don't really know anywhere else to get fry bread in the Phoenix area but it doesn't matter because it can't possibly get any better than the stuff they serve at The Fry Bread House. I get the fry bread with beans and cheese with a side of salsa. Mmmmm sooo good!
5	For the past three years I have driven past this little place every day on the way to and from work and I have never stopped it. Today I did and I think I have found my new favorite place. I got the Ultimate Taco with the green chilies and it was delicious!! The beans were fantastic as well. I will definitely be eating here again.
5	THIS PLACE IS SOOO FREAKIN' GOOD! I have visited the fry bread house a couple of times on our way through phoenix eastbound from cali.  As an LA native, fry bread tacos were unlike anything I ever had but also familiar, with delicious fillings that reminded me of the mexican food I grew up with, like chorizo and chile verde and awesome refried pinto beans.  but the chewy, crispy fry bread brought everything to a whole new level.  I'm kinda glad that we don't live nearby because, while delicious, I'm sure its totally artery-clogging. Also not touristy at all, looks like a place frequented almost exclusively by locals.  Highly recommend!
3	I was on a solo trip to Arizona and I wanted to make sure i stopped to try local food ...or actually real Native American Food... The Fry Bread House was my first spot I went to, to try the culture out!...  The food has some SPICE to it for sure!! What i Had was SPICY but it was good...The bread is made to order and tasty.. Im not sure what I would recommend there because I have not tried many of the items...but the flatbread is pretty good :)
4	We flew into Phoenix and just had time for lunch on the way to Sedona and the Grand Canyon. We had researched The Fry Bread House and wanted to give fry bread tacos a try. SO glad we did.Never had it before, but these were better than the fry bread we had in a cafe on the Navajo Nation, so I have to assume they're authentic.It's a small place and a little difficult to find, but clean, cool, with a friendly staff. And fry bread tacos are amazing.We both loved the Ultimate Taco. If you like chewy, fried flatbread, you haven't lived until you've had a taco made on it. Go a little out of your way (not far from the airport and Interstate 17) and enjoy a southwestern treat.
5	Speaking from an individual who has grown up eating Navajo food on the Navajo reservation on a weekly basis, this place is home-cooked food away from home. I have eaten here several times, of course the Frybread is awesome, but the Green Chili Stew is the best!! I would recommend to visit for the food. It gets busy often and is in a small building, but very well worth trying.  As I have written another review for The Sacred Hogan, if you want authentic Native American food? Stop going to the replicated stands (state fair especially) where your bound to find a non-Native American cooking up your order. You find a very distinct difference between the quality and the taste.
5	Don't just go for the fry bread, the green chili is the best I've ever had. Be sure to try both! (But the fry bread was worth it all by itself).
4	I went looking for a puffy taco like I'd find in San Antonio, TX. Close but not the same. Indian fry bread was a little breadier than I hoped for but still pretty darn good!
5	I see a lot of folks come here for the fry bread tacos - well......I had to be different and have their red chili beef tamale.  The BEST tamale I have had in a LONNNNNNNG time.  I also got the fry bread with honey because in another life I swear I was a bear - I can't turn down honey ever.  My hubby had their pozole soup.......very flavorful and the meat in it was ridiculous!  This will be a visit of MANY more to come.  I LOVE the Fry Bread House.
5	To quote the four year old who joined me on my recent visit to The Fry Bread House, "I like it so much I'd like to eat here every day for forever." My sentiment exactly, although the caloric level of the food would probably not allow it. Limited to a dozen tables, none of which seats more than four, you place your order at the counter and wait for your name to be called.  No worries.  The fare is not the type that demands a high priced decor and table service.  A different type of service is evident. A three time a week regular joined the line behind me and was presented with his food without even having to place his order.  Impressive.  The menu is far more diverse than just fry bread covered with honey or powdered sugar, although you will probably want to have some for dessert.  Fry bread is also utilized in a wide variety of combinations of beans, beef, pork and chile, with recipes rooted in the tribal traditions of the Tohono O'odham.  And the desserts include a killer chocolate concoction. Our table seemed to love anything that included green chile.  The children's entrees were reasonably priced ($4.25 including drink) and include a tasty open fry bread covered with melted cheese and small fry bread "diskettes" intended to be dipped in refried beans. While a regular loyal clientele seems to dominate those present on most days, the restaurant is a great choice for visitors to Arizona interested in sampling a superior quality fry bread and some genuinely regional cuisine. Native American crafts are often on sale outside the restaurant, adding to the experience.Good news for fans of The Fry Bread House:  the restaurant will soon be moving to a larger location 17 blocks down Indian School Road (1003 E. Indian School Road).
5	Oh my gosh! My stomach is growling just from writing this review and remembering the aromas and deliciousness of this place! A co-worker took me here for lunch and I was blown away at how amazing the food was for such an affordable price! The fry bread itself is divine! I ordered a bowl of menudo and it was so good! If I lived or worked anywhere near here, I would go every-day (OK that's probably not true) but as often as possible! My only advice would be that it can be hard to see so drive slowly down 7th ave so you don't miss it. Yum yum, must go!
5	Before we vacationed to the Phoenix area I did some research on where and what to eat. I was looking for good eats and hidden gems that locals love. And then.... I found FRY BREAD!!! Why are they not making this everywhere in the US. It's like an elephant ear as the bread used for a sandwich, with many option as stuffers for the insides. We ordered the beef and green taco, whoa are these things huge!! I was expecting the same as the Mexican restaurants that they have in Chicago where you order two or 3 small tacos. So be warned that 1 fry bread taco = 3 Chicago Mexican Joint tacosNow that I'm back home, this food is probably the most thought of during my summer, every time I'm at a fair or carnival I'm wishing they had a Fry Bread cart.
4	Delicious!FYI: it moved to 1003 E. Indian School Rd.I had the spicy red chili beef taco and it was awesome!The ordering part is a little unorganized but I assume they are still working out the kinks.This place really isn't for the healthy. :)Go!
1	Service has never been good, but the food was good. So I wanted to try the new location on East Indian School Rd.  The service was so terrible I will not go back. You place your order at the counter. It took over 30 minutes to bring me out my order and then they forgot the hot sauce. They have an interesting way of bringing out your food... someone goes up and down the aisles calling out your name until they find the correct person. One medium size green chile burro, a tiny amount of rice, and a small coke was 12$. There was also someone who looked homeless cleaning off the tables. Most of the tables still had food crumbs on them. The building is big, but is a mess inside and out.
5	Wow! Best Mexican ever...and that's what i eat out. Fry bread is one of a kind. Go next door for great service and nice people.
5	Been there several times, sun tea and tacos is the usual order. It's a fun place. The hardest part is deciding whether you want dinner or dessert. Both is best left for competitive eaters. It's casual but mostly clean and they sell mucho frybread. The salsas were all great. I'm obviously a tourist here but it's clear that the passion for fry bread is similar to pizza, bagels or any other regional carb based favorite. Except it's fried, so kudos to you guys for taking it to the next level.  Some people eat it plain too. Fry bread done correctly is a must-experience for any visitor to the American Southwest. For those unfamiliar but want to know more, there's a wierd mockumentary "more than frybread" not necessarily about this restaurant but about the general concept.
2	Ok food is pretty good. So why the two stars. $30 for 2 adults and a kid. Service is horrible. The place smells like sewer back up so bad it makes you sick. It is not worth the $30 to go to this place.  I am just not sure why the great rating. Like I said food was good but over priced. Add in the environment and this is not a great place.
4	The fry bread is always great here. The beans are soooo good! I would recommend trying the tamales too. They're big and flavorful. My little brother loved them.
4	So sorry I wasn't hungrier when I stopped here.  I was on my way somewhere else, saw "Fry Bread House" and made an abrupt detour.  I ordered the Red Chili Tamale and fry bread with cinnamon & sugar.  Best tamale I've ever had.  The fry bread was less "doughy" than I'm used to and I kind of liked the crunchy edges.  There is a back room where NA handcrafted jewelry is sold.  I was drawn to a pretty little malachite pendant and ended up buying two of them.  "Malachite is for new beginnings," I was told.  Perfect.
5	What an amazing place to stumble on as we were just leaving Phoenix! Green chime stew & ultimate taco were unforgettable! If I make it back to Phoenix, I'll make it back to the Fry Bread House!
5	Hi, Nathan, thank you so much for talking to me today about the avalibility new location in South Scottsdale. I've been to your restaurant several times and I'm excited for the possibility of you aquiring the space next door to my barbershop. I've been on this corner for over 40 years, with a senior center across the street, the General Dynamics Research Plant on the other side, and the Salt River Indian Reservation on the East side. Including the densely populated neighborhood. It is sure to be a winner.- Benny Guerra480-874-3456P.S. It is a great location!
