5	The food is amazing, about time we had a GREAT Vegan Restaurant in Las Vegas.  The baked goods and pies are the best, OMG, I've died and gone to heaven!!!
5	BEYOND AMAZING!!! This is not just good food for vegans, it's great food for anyone. It's a cozy diner atmosphere with extraordinarily friendly staff and a passionate owner and chef. I had the French Toast and it was the best french toast I've ever had, hands down. GO!!!
4	Finally! Somewhere in Las Vegas that I can get brunch, besides my own kitchen!  Now, I know what you're thinking: Jen - isn't brunch mainly an excuse to swig bloody Mary's and/or Mimosas and be drunk before 2pm? doesn't being vegan and not able to eat anything besides dry toast and fruit make that easier?  Well, yes.  You got me there.  But sometimes, I actually want a little protein or maybe a waffle too/instead.  Is that so much to ask? Apparently so.Until now.  I'm gonna be honest.  I had tried some of Chef Mayra's catered food before at events and had not been blown away.  They were fine, always just a bit bland.  Not so with the brunch! Fortunately I went with three friends, so we just got one of everything on the brunch menu and shared.  I'm usually not a big fan of sweet/carb-y breakfast food, but the waffles and french toast were outstanding.  OMFG, that chocolate waffle.  It was like the most delicate delicious brownie... I don't know if I could eat a whole one, but 1/4 was the perfect breakfast dessert.  I also loved the regular waffle and the sausage with peppers that came with the French toast! The only thing that I wasn't crazy about was the breakfast burrito.  It was a bit cold, with unmelted Daiya cheese, and the flavor profile just didn't hit me right.  But the side of beans that came with ..... damn.  One of the best things I've tasted in awhile!  I admit I probably took more than my fair share... Great coffee, with lots of different flavors of coconut milk creamer.  And the ultimate in refreshment - citrus cucumber water. Yum.We had very attentive service, the chef even came out and spoke to us personally.  Our total bill for 4 with coffees, an entree and fancy waters was under $60.  We all left completely stuffed and quite happy.Can't wait to come back and try the lunch menu; if it's as good as my favorites on the brunch menu, I'll probably round this up to 5 stars.  So thrilled to have an organic, all vegan place that's close to home!
5	This is my favorite place in the whole wide world! The food is amazing and it's a fun place to hang out. I really am not sure what I did before they opened!!! If you haven't been yet you are seriously missing out!
5	OMG....this was my first experience at Pura Vida and I am in love! I am a newly practicing vegetarian, and if I had known food could taste this good I would have changed my lifestyle years ago! Chef Mayra is very knowledgeable about flavors and textures. I was so excited to have finally been able to taste her food and I was not disappointed. The service was exceptional, and the coffee was certainly worth waiting for! I can't wait to try some of the lunch entrees, and love the fact that you can call in advance and have the order ready to go. Take out of truly good, healthy food is a definite plus! Everyone, vegan, vegetarians, and those just wanting good food....go now to Pura Vida.
5	Great food and friendly staff.
4	I have been yearning for a good vegan restaurant in this town of buffets and finally we got one! The food was awesome, I got a breakfast burrito and the fruit infused water. I asked for it to be gluten free and they had no trouble doing that for me. Even my boyfriend who loves the meat (that's what she said) loved the food here! The ambiance could use a little work, maybe some music and a few fans, we were sweating.... a lot.
5	Chef Mayra is amazing !! So glad to see she finally got her own place. Have only tried her desserts so far but they are delectable !! You cannot even tell they are vegan !! TRy it or bring in a carnivore & see if they can tell ... We had a bunch of her desserts at a gathering & everyone helped themselves & could not tell they were vegan treats ... I have not been in to try the other eats but i will soon as I am sure they will be as good her desserts ... Also she supports local charities like Food Not Bombs & has a very kind heart ...
5	It is hard to get a carnivore to go to a place that only serves vegan food, but Pura Vida makes vegan food fun and healthy. The staff here are all friendly and Chef Mayra is seen out front socializing as much as in the back cooking. This small restaurant is always packed with loyal customers. It is nice to see waitstaff and regulars interact because you know that service is a top priority.A minor inconvenience is the wait. The small grill is often occupied with pancakes and french toast, so if you place an order after a large party there is a wait. Not having much to eat, running errands, driving across town, and then waiting a while I was starting to get antsy. Somewhere along the line, the conversation stopped and we were squirming around in an uncomfortable silence. Chef Mayra must have sensed the mood change and sent some of her carrot cake bites. It was not necessary, but a kind gesture, and appreciated. They were definitely healthier than any carrot cake I have had. I enjoyed them more than my companions, because the frosting was not a thick cream cheese style, but looser and closer to a glaze. The cake was mostly moist with nice bits of carrots and raisins throughout.When our My Love Burritos ($9.99) arrived, the two burritos came with a few flax seed chips and a side of salsa. You did not read wrong, there were two large burritos stuffed with a mixture of beans, potatoes, onions, peppers, and spinach wrapped in a spinach tortilla. This dish was one of their soy free offerings. On a regular day, I would probably eat just one, but I devoured both. The salsa came with nice rough cuts of cilantro. I ended up using three souffle cups worth because the flavors were so intricate and delicious. Our waitress told use that the weekends tends to be backed up and they run out of items quickly. Next time, midweek sounds like a good time to go to try new items.
5	The food here is amazing.  The two meals I had here were collectively the second best vegan meals I've ever had - since the best were over $100/person (at Wink in Austin), this is quite an achievement.We visited early in a several-day decompression stopover after Burning Man 2011, and loved it so much that we had to come again on our way out of town.When entering, you are faced with a cozy little mom and pop type of diner environment.  Janee, the serving staff, will greet you and right away tell you what is available today.  She is friendly, warm, and engaging.There is no menu besides the two boards (specials and favorites), and the dessert case.  We had on our first visit a jace wrap, a quesadilla, and a pasta dish, all were excellent - deserving special notice is the bean salsa.  The limeade was great, too, and the "Kangen Water" (water with a lot of Eco-friendliness and balanced stuff).  And the desserts - brownies and a warm chocolate cake with chocolate syrup - were fantastic.  Pro-tip: if you drink 3/4ths of a limeade and have Janee top it off with their apple water, the mix is fantastic!On our second visit, we got waffles and "two loves" burritos.  The burritos were great - the waffles were great for vegan waffles, but I would not recommend them to omnivores (waffles are tough to do vegan, they really need that whipped egg white froth to form a light and airy structure).Chef Mayra is enthusiastic about her food, and is passionate about making sure diners enjoy it.  Our first visit, wewere the only ones here (we came just before close - we did not realize it, and they did not pressure us at all, but we ended up leaving an hour after close), and she spent some time visiting with us. More impressive was our second time - even in the middle of the lunch hour rush, she made sure to visit with every patron.  She is really engaged with her business, and it is clearly her calling!You do not have to be vegan to enjoy the food here - I am not (though my partner is).  If you have the time to go just a few miles from the strip, you owe it to yourself to try the food here!
5	The wife and I were town visiting family when we found Pura Vida online. We took a chance and stopped in for a quick bite to eat before dinner. FANTASTIC food and a wonderful, friendly staff! We will return every time we are in town to visit with family. Do yourself a favor. If you've not been to Pura Vida, GO!!! You will not regret it!
4	Good flavorful vegan food. A little on the pricey side for minimal ambiance and part of town ($55 to feed family of 4 after tip).  Definitely good for an intro to vegan food with lots of 'comfort' vegan food. Bakery was a bit bleak to non-existent when we stopped by during mid-brunch. Overall I'm really glad to see a dedicated vegan restaurant here in Vegas and I'm sure Chef Myra will continue to build on a great start!
2	I support local artists and small businesses. I told all my vegan friends sbout this place as soon as I read about it.  I finally went with friends this Sunday to check it out. We stood for 15 min waiting for a table. The restaurant seemed to be very understaffed, as they only had one waitress and they were out of many things on the menu.When we finally did get to order, they seemed to be out of things so I said that I'd take a waffle or pancake just to try anything. We received comolimentary chips and salsa since we were waiting so long,At this point we were starving and couldnt take it anymore! After being there almost 2 hours we left.I can't say anything for the food, but I hope that Chef Myra gets more staff to help the prep work, and more waitresses. Best time to go seems to be the weekdays.
4	very good.  We had pancakes, waffles, the burrito, sausage plate, and breakfast potatoes.  I am a meat eater, and a very proud veggie/vegan home chef.  Pura Vida is fantastic.  Some of the best vegan i've had.  Down sides are the fake cheese, (not my preferred brand, not very melty, also i prefer to just skip the fake cheese and add tofutti sour cream for cheesey like things) and the limited menu,  We were quite surprised to find no tofu-scramble on the daily breakfast menu, HOWEVER the chef was very sweet and i get the feeling you could ask for anything and she'd make it.A nice surprise was the "house" water, a choice of cucumber mint, and something citrus based at the time we went. Awesome.
5	Coming from San Francisco - I'm used to lots of good vegan food, so didn't expect much from Vegan. Finding some simple vegan options around Vegas is pretty easy - finding GOOD vegan options (much less an all-vegan place) was harder.I just had breakfast, but it was one of the best tofu scrambles I've ever had. Great unique flavors, and the staff clearly take passion for their food, feedback from customers, and innovating new things.I'll totally be back - a gem in the desert!
2	Let me start off by saying the entree we had was great. My partner and I shared a Love Two Burritos, and the portions were big enough to fill both of us. The burritos were great except the potatoes, which were flavorless and took away from the rest of it. The entree alone gets four stars. BUT! Dessert was awful. We had the carrot cake. I love Chef Mayra's carrot cake normally, I've purchased it at Rainbow Food prior to my visit to Pura Vida. This time the cake was stale, and stuck to the paper they served it on. The chocolate sauce didn't go at all well with the cake. It also had an odd astringent taste, perhaps too much of one spice?The service was worse. It wasn't that my server wasn't trying, but she was obviously overwhelmed by the amount of customers. It took forever to get our food. We were in the restaurant for almost two hours, for just one entree and one pre-made dessert.The restaurant didn't look very clean, it was extremely cluttered. I also saw an employee handle the phone/computer/etc. while wearing food handling gloves, I sure hope she changed them when she went into the kitchen! The paper towels were on the floor in the bathroom, gross! Parking was nearly non-existant and I was worried I was going to get towed. The location was also hard to find.In short. I definitely will not be returning, and will stick to homemade vegan goods instead.
5	"It's not easy being green," sang Kermit.  Well, it's not easy being vegan especially in buffet capital of the world.  Pura Vida Bakery and Bystro is making it a lot more tasty.  As part of our first annual Vegan Vegas Visit, my vegan daughter had this fledgling eatery on her list of to dos.  The food was amazing (and I have suffered through a lot of experimental cardboard), fresh, creative and good enough for me to refuse to leave any behind.  The high point of the visit was the chance to meet and talk with owner/chef Mayra about her vision for vegan food in Las Vegas and the restaurant she finally opened to share that vision.  The food is the reason to visit.  The location is a starter one.  The opportunity to eat fresh ethically produced food of this level is priceless.  Bravo chef Mayra.
4	Hallelujah, a vegan brunch place in Vegas!!!  They're still pretty new and working out the kinks, but overall, the food was amazing and service even better.  The chef came to personally welcome us and chatted for a few (I love this new trend with start-up restaurants).  My mom and I had the WOW tofu scramble, and my dad had the waffle with strawberries inside.  For non-vegans, my parents were impressed, so that says a lot.  I would LOVE to see this business thrive.  For them, and my own selfish reasons, because it's the only vegan brunch spot I've noticed in the 2 years or so I've frequented Vegas.DO ORDER the APPLE CHEESE FRITTERS.  OMG wow.  I brought one home and heated it up later in the day, and I'm already craving more.  The choc chip cookies are perfect, too, so soft and chewy.There was no waiting, and we arrived around 11am on Sunday.Some improvements I'd like to see - - a thorough menu that I could hold at my seat.  We had to decide what to eat outside in the scorching heat, then go inside to order.  Also, some of the menu items were vague, and hard to know what you'd actually get.- a less spicy, more savory tofu scramble.  The spice was a little shocking when we weren't expecting it.  Tough on a morning tummy.- better quality seating & tables, three of us had to squish onto a little table, and the chairs were tiny, kind of like elementary school seats.I'll be back soon, and hopefully my next review will get that fifth star :)
4	The food here is amazing. I love the limited menu that allows for food that is in season and fresh... But still provides enough variety for everyone. Had the 'My Love' two burrito plate and it was more than enough food and quite simply some of the best vegan food I've had. My only issue is the location and ambiance leave a little bit to be desired.
3	Vegan Vegas again.I'll put a disclaimer first. I was not in a happy mood when I came here. Annoyed that I was losing money, and annoyed that we weren't going to Ronald's Donuts like we had planned, instead went here. The service itself was okay, but very slow. They had four people in the prep area, but really only one person was serving and actually doing work. She was very nice, but not too attentive, and needs to learn how to multi-task.  I ordered the orange-apple water which was quite refreshing, kind of like vitamin water or really diluted sunny d. The food was pretty good, though on the pricey side. I had a chile relleno burrito. I was expecting a chile relleno inside the buritto, but really it was more like the flavors of chile relleno. A pepper was stuffed inside a burrito with some daiya cheese. It was good, but something I could replicate at home easily. It did also come with a delicious serving of beans and rice. And the portion was huge. It came with two "mini" burritos cut in half, so four half burritos. I had enough for dinner later. My friend got the Latin-tude, another burrito concoction, though I couldn't remember exactly what was in it.  I would give this place another chance, though I'm not dying to return.
5	The first time I (an omnivore) came here with a (very vegetarian) friend, I was a little hesitant because I had only had rather sub par veggie/vegan experiences until then. We were actually coming to taste a sampler of sorts for a potential catering opportunity, and ended up trying the best of the best that the amazing Chef Mayra had to offer. We first started with some breakfast, I had a waffle the size of my head, which was incredible. It had a hint of cinnamon with the texture of a really good carrot cake. My friend had the breakfast of vegan champions, and because I can't remember exactly what it was, the meal consisted of "eggs", "sausage", and "potatoes." Just kidding, the potatoes were real live potatoes and super delicious.Several hours after our initial orders, we had gone through plate after plate of different veg-tastic food and could barely breathe. My friend ended up ordering a jillion empanadas, pastry puffs, buckets of bean salsa, and cupcakes for her cocktail wedding reception. At said reception, the guests had no idea the food was even vegan but very  obviously enjoyed every single meat-less bite. By the time I even got to dessert, a friend had to force-feed me half of one lemon cupcake and half of a chocolate cupcake (my fav, btw) because they were just too good NOT to eat; even if my entire body had to shut down to digest all of that delicious food.If the idea of vegan food excites you about as much as a slab of cardboard with a side of newspaper mush, then Pura Vida will certainly change your carnivore ways. There is something about the spices Chef Mayra has so effortlessly conquered that really work in such a way that you forget you're not eating meat/processed foods, but instead fresh and eco-friendly meals that just make you want to throw your head back and praise the vegan gods.
4	As a first time Vegan eater I was delighted by the tastes and textures as well as the variety available.
5	I've been to a lot of vegan restaurants and seriously pura vida is one of the best vegan spots I've been to. The gluten free options are delicious. they are so accommodating, thank you chef mayra! the best best best!!
5	A few weeks ago I went to my friends' wedding reception that had vegan food catered by Pura Vida.  They were all finger foods: empanadas, Caribbean pastries, cranberry chutney, organic chips with bean dip, and lemon and chocolate cupcakes.  All these foods choices were fantastic for the reception and I still can't believe those foods were all vegan... I honestly didn't taste the difference at all!  What I liked about these foods was the 'foodie' in me could tell a lot of thought was made into making these foods and made me appreciate it.I took some pictures of the foods if anyone wants to check it out: http://www.cheerupwithfood.com/2011/10/vegan-catered-wedding-reception.html.  These pictures say more than my words.  This food experience was truly refreshing and unique!
2	Man, if I wanted some imitation food, I'd go look for those plastic-y window displays.  But since when did vegan food become equated with imitation food?!?!Hubby and I shared the sampler platter for breakfast - it's $15 and you do get a LOT of food, more food then the two of us could ever finish! (here's a contradiction - isn't vegan also suppose to be good for people! and not JUST for the animals. It's cruelty to fellow humans to offer such large portions!!!).  The sampler included: the Latin'tude, the Love, the tofu scramble, vegan sausage, roasted potatoes, Tha' Waffle, two small pancakes & a chocolate covered strawberry. The first three items are just different kinds of tofu!!! followed by vegan sausage (not sure what food group this would be) and three kinds of starches. What happened to VEGETABLES?!?!There *were* several spinach leaves and some sliced green bell pepper - more of a garnish, really. Everything else, short of potatoes and the strawberry, was something pretending to be something else. WHY???It tasted ok, while it was hot. But we ended up waiting for over half-an-hour (do vegans not have to be places?) and by the time our food came, it was just warm, which left just a small window of opportunity to try to enjoy it before it began resembling soft rubber. All in all, the verdict on Pura Vida is once-is-enough, but unfortunately, they are not the only vegan resto that doesn't believe in real food...
4	Im having my wedding cake made here. So I brought my family for brunch to do a tasting as well. It was busy and service was slow and there was a tv crew doing some sort of review as well. So this amped up the busy factor. I am also pretty sure they were taking pictures of our food. So it took a while but they came out with coffee, lattes, juice, salsa samples, bean dip salsa samples, etc. It kept us busy while we waited.The bean dip salsa thingy is amazing. My mom and I just kept eating it. Fairly addictive I must say.The food was huge and delicious. my father and I got the pancakes with fruit, fiance got the chocolate waffle, mom got a waffle with fruit as did my brother and sister in law. My father was a champ and took down the pancakes pretty well but they were enormous. I got it divided neatly in half and tried some sausage and potatoes. The sausage was spicy but good and the potatoes needed salt and a touch of oil but were good too. My pancakes were delicious and sooo filling. The waffles were reviewed to me as good in flavor but a little crumbly (these were all non vegans but me so I was impressed with good reviews). My mother declared the sausage nothing like real sausage and moved on. The coffee lattes were like candy bars to drink. They are more dessert-like but I had no complaints. I got the mocha and my mother the caramel I think.Juice was great and everyone was very happy with it.The cake tasting also went well. We decided on a lemon cake and it was super moist and spongy. The frosting was decadent and sweet so I am considering a fruit filling with it at this point to calm the sugar but it was so good.My only touch of an issue was the location is a little strange, the wait for food was a bit long, and the fact that wedding cakes are not quoted easily. Its a process to get an estimate and that can be frustrating but its nice that the Chef doesnt overcharge instead. Its just a toss-up I guess. As for the staff, they are so sweet and nice. I am a fan of the cake decorator especially she is adorable :)
5	Absolutely amazingly awesomely delish.  A vegan feast for the palate and the eyes.  Each dish is so carefully thought out and prepared.  The creative use of spices and ingredients allow you to taste each delicate fresh item but still partake of a meld of individual flavors.  Highly recommend to the vegan and non-vegans of Vegas.
3	Ok. I have seriously thought and thought about if I wanted to write a review about this place. I very much respect what the owner is trying to do here. So conflicted. Vegas needs more places like this however when it came down to the food. It just wasn't healthy and more importantly Its taste was edible but nothing special. Its like a place for vegan newbies or something. I'm not even vegan but I am very much in to health food (unless its phenomenal tasting unhealthy food, haha. )Anyway massive portion of starch, pasta, potatoes, bread ect. The salad I got only had balsamic vinegar as a dressing, not even balsamic reduction. Sigh....I think I will try it again but I'm not all that excited about it. Oh yeah and service was SLOW but this review was based on food only.
4	I was here for brunch not too long ago and the food was amazingly delicious. It's not in the best area of town, and a little hard to find, but when you do, it's totally worth it. I'm not vegan but after eating this food, I seriously considered converting. I never realized how delicious it could be. Looking forward to going back!
5	As a vegan visiting Las Vegas, this place is the true golden nugget. Finally a place where I can feel at home. The food is excellent and very creative. Breakfast was the bomb with twists on the traditional courtesy of Chef Mayra. If you get a chance to meet her, you will immediately notice her passion for cruelty free cuisine. It's not in the best neighborhood but once you step inside you'll forget all about that.  We're going for breakfast every day!  And don't forget about the yummy vegan baked goods :)
5	Such amazing service and really really good food! Definitely will go here every time I'm in Vegas!
1	Terrible service. Discriminatory service. I will never go here again. We went for brunch on a Saturday morning two weeks ago. We were sat at 10:50am. We waited on our server for a while before we could order at 11:05. I wanted to order an item that wasn't available until 11:30, but I was told that I could not. I told our server (whose name started with a J and contained some 'e's) that I wanted exactly the short stack with berries that was featured in a picture on the menu. "Is that the short stack?" I asked. She said, "Well, the short stack has 6 pancakes." I said, "Yes, and the picture has 6 pancakes, so it's the same, right? It comes with berries?" Server: "Sure." Me: "Ok, I want it just like the picture." Not too confident that she really knew the menu. My husband ordered a 3-course brunch meal with a wrap, soup, and salad. Meanwhile, another table had sat down near us. They ordered, from our same server, at 11:20-- 15 minutes after us-- and the server told them that they COULD order off of the post-11:30 menu. Wow. I could have waited 10 minutes if I'd known that was the difference... in the end, I ended up waiting over an hour for our entrees, anyway. The soup came out fairly quickly. We waited another 25 minutes for the salad. Meanwhile, the table next to us was receiving their food more quickly than ours-- brought out personally by the chef herself. The chef passed by our table and only smiled, never stopped or spoke to us. Our server came by again and  asked confirming our wrap order, except she asked me about it, completely forgetting that my husband ordered it, not me. Even later, she came by again and said, "Let me check on your entree order". Even later than that, she came by and said, "It should be 5 minutes, the chef said." During that time, the chef brought out a complimentary sample dish of apple dessert to the table next to us.  Then our waiter came back, 5 minutes later (when our entrees should have arrived) and brought us the same dish of apple dessert, because, in her words, "sorry for the delay; here is something that the chef is working on." It was only at 12:25 that we finally received our entrees. Completely inexcusable. The table next to us received theirs less than a minute after us, yet they ordered more than 15 minutes after we did. AGain, the chef brought out their entrees. They were the only table that received visits from the chef even though their server was actually our server. It seemed completely fishy to me.After we'd finished our entrees, a different lady (working the register) came over to our table and asked if our food was ok. She must have seen that we'd been there an hour and a half. She did not offer us anything or offer to discount our meal or anything. Neither did our server. Or the chef. Instead, when we received our bill, I was charged an extra fee for adding berries on the short stack. They were not even good. And, there were only 2 rasberries, the rest were strawberries. In the picture, there were raspberries, blackberries, blueberries. We were planning to come back there every day that we were in LV because the desserts looked so good and we were excited about the food. The whole experience was so disgusting that we refused to return. I highly suggest that you go elsewhere for vegan food in LV. We had a fantastic experience at Komol Thai Restaurant. Delicious AND fast, friendly service.Shame on you, Pura Vida.
1	Below is the email I sent to Pura Vida with no response...I think it says it allA couple months ago we were informed of an event that you were having. When we got there, there were tables with vendors set up outside.We walked into the cafe, because we were really excited to try the menu (being new to Vegan & Raw)When my husband and I walked into the cafe we were greeted by a young physically pretty girl who said to us, "What are you doing here?"We stated that we were here for the event and she said that you will have to wait outside and pointed to the door. Then turned and walked away from us to talk to another employee. We walked outside and lingered for about 15 min, no one ever came to take our name for a table and not one vendor seem to be interested in talking to anyone but each other.Then yesterday my husband received a text telling him that he won a free lunch. When he inquired about the text, he was told that it was an error. I feel sorry for anyone that is new to being Vegan or RAW because your cafe does not seem to extend open arms to the general public.You cafe reminds me of the Trend stores in the 80's on Melrose in LA and it gives you the impression that your employees think they are better than anyone else.
4	First off, I am no where close to being vegan. But I live nearby (although not too close --- it's a pretty shady street in town) and I like for local businesses to thrive. For brunch, I ordered a chocolately/carmel-no leche drink... a little bitter on the first sip, but it really grew on me.  Their bean salsa is amazing. I was with a group, and we had all ordered combos, so they just brought us big dishes of the salsa. I could have eaten that for days...And I had the My Love burrito ---- really delicious. Mr. L had the Latin'tude, and while it was good, neither of us like it as much as My Love. The flavors they're able to get from no butter, no bacon, and no cheese (I can't believe I'm even saying it) are just incredible.  And I was able to check-in on Yelp for 10% off!! Thanks Pura Vida! :)
1	Almost a week and I have emailed them 3 times with no response. Don't know why I expected more.
5	I'm an omnivore, and brunch at Pura Vida was one of the best meals I've had in Vegas. I definitely recommend any sampler that Chef Myra puts together. We had 4 courses for 4 people for $50, and we couldn't finish it. And every course was delicious.
2	I truly wanted to love this place.  I would love to see more veg-friendly and all-veg restaurants in this town.  I make sure to thank the ones that I visit for thinking of us when planning out their menu.   But my experience at Pura Vida was not pleasant and I've had better vegetarian food elsewhere.There were a good bit of customers at the restaurant when we arrived for a late Sunday brunch, but the place wasn't packed.  We were seated quickly and I started off with an apple agua fresca to drink.  It tasted like water with a splash of apple juice thrown in.  It was barely tolerable to drink.  Although a roadblock, I didn't let it get me down and still kept my hopes up for a good meal.While looking at the menu, I noticed what another reviewer below had said: there is a lot of soy and starch.   I was honestly expecting a lot more veggies on the menu.  Well, whatever, it was brunch and I usually get starchy things anyway.  So I ordered the The Latin'Tude burrito combo meal while my husband ordered the The Dark Choco Waffle.The wait for our food was pretty long, especially considering the place wasn't at capacity.  While waiting, we ended up noticing that the restaurant didn't look terribly clean.  The table seemed pretty dirty as well as the wall we were sitting next to.  Not a good thing to be looking at while you are waiting around for your food.First they brought out my chips and salsa.  The chips were the absolute bottom of the bag teeny-tiny broken up bits of chips that are impossible for dipping in anything.  Being a small place, I felt bad asking for new chips and used what I had as best as I could.  The salsa that came with the chips was a "warm salsa" and tasted exactly like black bean chili to me.   It wasn't bad, but not at all what I was expecting.For my next course I had a salad with a citrus dressing.  It was leaps and bounds better than everything else I had up until that point.  The veggies were fresh and the dressing had a nice light taste.  There were edible flowers and even some corn shoots in the salad that made it pretty to look at.My burrito was good.  It was presented nicely and even though there were a lot of ingredients, everything blended nicely.  With all the soy and potatoes, it filled me up quickly.  I do think it could have used some more vegetables and the fake cheese wasn't really necessary at all.My husband's chocolate waffle was good- if you like eating dessert at any hour of the day.  I was thinking it would be a waffle (crispy on the outside with a warm doughy inside) with some cocoa in the batter.  It, however, was a chocolate cake in the shape of a waffle.  Literally imagine a chocolate cake the size of a large dinner plate and you will have the consistency of this waffle.  It was super rich and had waaaaaaay too much cocoa.  To top it off, it was covered in chocolate chips and chocolate sauce (want some chocolate with your chocolate?).  He was pretty disappointed with his meal.  I took a few bites and it hurt my stomach.  This is a dessert, not a breakfast item.After immediately leaving, I considered giving this place 3 stars since my salad and burrito were good and we had a friendly server.  But about 10 minutes after that initial thought, I started to get a really nasty stomachache with cramps.  It was around 1 or 2 in the afternoon when we got to the restaurant and it was the only thing I had eaten so far that day.  I can't imagine I could get food poisoning from a vegan restaurant, but whatever happened left me ill the rest of the day.  Needless to say, I'll be finding vegetarian food elsewhere.
5	Chile Relleno = BOMB. COMFirst off, let it be known that I am neither Vegan nor Vegetarian, so I'm a bit standoffish at dining in a restaurant whenever it's 100% vegetarian due to bad experiences in the past, but I have NO complaints about the food or service at Pura AT ALL. The food was VERY Delectable, Luscious & Flavorful, a great dining experience overall!. Will definitely be returning for breakfast or lunch in the near future.Thanks again Chef Mayra for the Culinary Orgasmic Experience!.
4	lets talk about the lack of 1 star first..... what a bummer that the location was wah wah.... it was literally right by the red light district... but maybe i really shouldn't even take that as part of my rating concern?? :/FOOD WAS CRAZY GOOD. ENOUGH SAID!!!!!! AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHeverything here is vegan. Other than the neighborhood, the restuarant itself is actually quite cozy. The food came out a bit slow due to the fact that there was only one chef, but man, is this chef amazing or what?! I had an empenada which was probably the best empenada ive ever had. My boyfriend had a tortilla soup combo with salad which was yummy as well. I'd say go for the empenada!!!and yes, i love this place!
5	This place is as fabulous as Chef Mayra promised it would be! I'd attended a couple of her cooking demos last year and when she said she'd be opening a restaurant, well, that was pretty exciting news! Even thought it opened in July, I wanted to wait until my youngest daughter could come along, so we did just that when she came for a visit for Christmas weekend.  My middle daughter also joined us and we arrived shortly before the restaurant opened at 9 AM on Saturday. We were the first to be seated and were warmly greeted by the waitstaff. Then it came time to begin to decide what to order. Even after having perused the online menu, it was still a tough decision! But, my youngest decided to try the Latin 'Tude, while my middle daughter and I split the My Love. While we waited for our meals to arrive, the waitress took our drink order and we went with coffee - two regulars with hazelnut coconut cream and one specialty coffee with pumpkin spice flavor and I believe vanilla cream (girls, correct me if I'm wrong on any of these, please). Once our meals arrived, however, I think I can speak for all three of us in that it was absolutely delicious! There were so many wonderful flavors! In honor of the holiday season, we were told to please help ourselves to a hand-decorated pine cone, just as we were about to leave. :)I'll be back to try something different, perhaps lunch, next time - but I know whatever I choose will be fantastic and I look forward to many future visits.Thanks so much, Chef Mayra - see you again soon!
4	This place is definitely different from other restaurants.  It's like eating in a converted shower room. The service is really friendly and the prices are good.  There's a decent sized menu to pick from. I got a chai latte, Sandwich Break, and some garlic potato side that I can't remember the name of.My chai latte came out almost entirely soy milk with no spice or sweetness.  I usually don't like to make a fuss about things like that, but it was really icky to me so I asked for a new one.  They were really friendly and brought another one out along with a side of extra chai in case I wanted it spicier.  It still wasn't sweet and tasty, but maybe that's just their style?  My sandwich was amazing!!  Every bite was total perfection.  The potatoes weren't as great... I think I was expecting garlic explosion but they were a little bland.  And greasy. Despite the potatoes and the chai, I would come back here in an instant and try other things on the menu.
4	This review is long overdue as I first visited Pura Vida a few weeks after it opened to the public.I am not vegan but I wanted to try PV because I adore Chef Mayra. I interviewed her for The Sausage Factory and my friend Derek was on her cooking show.The restaurant is in an odd place, but close enough to my downtown office to stop by. Hopefully in the near future they'll be able to deliver because that wait for take out was LOOOOONG, despite not being busy, at all. I ordered the The Latin'Tude which was delicious but extremely over-priced at $10.99 and Almond Banana Smooth which was also very delicious but very expensive ($5.95) for just 16oz of smoothie.After reading some of the reviews here I look forward to going back in the very near future. It's very rare that you find vegan or vegetarian food that satisfies your craving for ethnic flavors and Chef Mayra does a great job of making healthy food that is packed full of wonderful flavor!I'm giving it four stars because of the wait time and because the food, while good, is crazy expensive.
4	I'm from LA, and went to Vegas for a friends birthday. As a new Vegan, I had to try this place. The food was great! Everyone was so friendly. They need to come to LA!! :)
5	My new favorite restaurant. Chef Mayra is brilliant and knows how to take care of us. Every ingredient is green and meat- and cruelty-free. I visited over the weekend with friends and we ended up going back the next day for more. The servers are cheerful and loving, it's such a friendly atmosphere that we were begging the wonderful Chef Mayra to open up a location in California, or at least to deliver that far :p It doesn't get much better than this place, because everything is completely vegan! All the satisfaction delicious food can possibly have, without discomfort or the need to take a nap after XD Simply outstanding.
5	This place is wonderful every time I visit! It was a bit difficult to locate the first time around, but I sure am glad I found it. The individuals working there are always very nice from the second we walk in to the second we walk out. They are also very helpful and knowledgable regarding everything on their menu.I regularly order a Mocha-Con-No-Leche (always an excellent choice!) to begin with, I highly recommend it. Very different from any other mocha I have ever had, definitely a great, unique taste.I also recommend the short stack; the pancakes are delicious. They have a bit of a 'spiced' taste (which grew to my liking). Or if you're in the mood for something else, their soups are absolutely scrumptious, fresh, and healthy.I am so glad to have this restaurant to visit whenever I am in Vegas. Thank you Chef Mayra and helpers!
4	This place is AWESOME! I love that its ALL vegan and that the chef will change things up as ideas and different produce comes to her. Was my first time trying the famous Chef Myrah's cooking and I absolutely had a great time. My boyfriend ordered a vegan quesadilla and I ordered a tofu one. Both came with a yummy bean dip and hearty chips which i swallowed up. I actually like the quesadilla more than my tofu wrap ( i think the wrap needed more sauce) but overall I loved it and my non-vegan boyfriend said "this is bomb" so Definitely a place I want to come back to! Next time I will try one of those awesome Pancakes! the only weird part of this restaurant is its on a road that is by all the strip clubs, haha!
4	This place is excellent and it's the only vegan restaurant in Las Vegas. My husband and I visited from LA and had the nachos andchili cheese potatoes. We also ordered a small, gluten-free, vegan cake for our wedding and it was AMAZING. It did not have the dense sandy texture that most gluten-free cakes have. My husband loved it and he does not follow a gluten-free diet. Check this place out!
3	I am really glad this place exists and they clearly put effort / love into the cooking.  I really liked what I got (a poblano wrap with salad).  But there are some downsides:  (1) pretty spendy; (2) long waits (not just for food - also for water upon arrival, check, etc.); (3) the menu is befuddling; (4) the beverages were off; and (5) ll the dishes seemed pretty high-cal. For those reasons, it's not a very good workday lunch spot, which is too bad because we need more options downtown, especially healthy ones.  I will be back, on a day when I have more time for lunch or maybe for brunch
5	Pura Vida is my favorite Vegan Restaurant in the Country hands down. The service, food and atmosphere are phenomenal. Chef Mayra created an all vegan, organic, non-gmo menu that cannot go without mention. Las Vegas is a soul-less hole of a city and Pura Vida is literally a place of healing. Get yourself here, it's just what you need and you will want to come back.
5	I have been Vegan for many years, and I appreciate any place that has an all vegan restaurant, especially in tourist areas that are usually lacking. The food was very good. As far as other posts about the service, you have to realize the food is made fresh and is not processed food that can be ready in minutes. If you need faster service you need to go to the fast food chains where all you get is pre-made and processed foods. I will definatley go back when in the Vegas area. Beats all the crap food on the strip!
5	I have not experienced anything but the BEST food every time I go to Pura Vida. I have brought my Father, who refuses to give up meat, and my Mother, who is extremely picky, and this is the one place we can all eat without one complaint. The food is always gorgeous, but I can never get a shot of it without a bite mark because it smells awesome.I recently tried the cafe con leche and it was the smoothest, yummiest coffee I've had in my 31 years. I don't know how she does it, but Starbucks doesn't even come close. Each time I have come, I have noticed that Chef Mayra takes time to come out and personally speak with her guests, first time I have ever met the person making my food which I really enjoyed. The place is tucked away, but once you find it, I promise you will remember how to get back.
5	Awesome comfort food that happens to be vegan! We are adding this to our list of fantastic vegan restaurants. Chef Mayra came out and visited with us, which was delightful. She is an amazing lady and has a passion for vegan food. Grilled "cheese" sandwich was gooey and yummy. My hubby couldn't get enough of the chili. Dessert was to die for no matter what you choose. We'll be back next time we're in Vegas.
5	This place is amazing. This is some of the most flavor I've ever had in any food, vegan or not. A friend and I got the brunch sampler, to taste a little of everything, and it was excellent. The portions were pretty big, the sampler was enough food for 3 or 4 people to eat comfortably; but, I think it was meant for only 2 people. I'm giving this place 5 stars because I want them to do well, but there are some minor things I would suggest they work on. The menu: it's pretty confusing. A lady helped walk us through it, which confused me more than I already was. The location: I didn't mind driving to it at all, but the location seemed to be out of the way a little bit. The place itself felt more like a taqueria than a restaurant; which I also didn't mind, but then again I'm a young dude used to army living conditions.The price: it cost me nearly $60 after the brunch sampler, a coffee drink, and the tip. I picked one of the pricier things on the menu, though. They had many cheaper options. Although, I'd find it hard to get out of there with two people spending less than $30. But you definitely pay for quality ingratiates and quality preparation.
3	I am sad that I can't give Pura a higher rating. The food was excellent and really an eye opener for how good vegan food can be, but the extremely confused staff / owner and inefficient service are serious problems they need to fix. The owner was super sweet and obviously knows her food, but not how to run a business. She wants to personally hand out menus and talk to customers before taking orders (which sounds really awesome and can be if they are not busy), but in practice she is so scattered brained that it took us 20 minutes to get menus and another 20 to order food. The waitress who took our order didn't seem to know much about the items and would randomly serve whatever table she fancied. Lots of other customers were also having bad service.In fact the only person who looked like they knew what they were doing was a young man (teenage boy? maybe the owner's son?) who was really on top of things, but was not allowed to do anything that would help them move things faster. He could not give out menus or take orders even though he knew exactly what was going on and wanted to help.The food, once we ordered and it arrived, however was awesome. My first experience with Vegan cheese and I was amazed. The french toast was also very light and tasty.
5	most delicious wrap I've ever had. The owner is an absolute doll. I've seen people complain about the slow service (in america we sometimes expect everything to be so fast paced!) but Pura Vida is just one of those places you take your time and enjoy the experience, then slowly savor every bite : )
4	FIrst visit to Pura Vida today, 3/28/12, after reading some Yelp reviews.  What a wonderful little gem in the heart of downtown las vegas.  Definitely not someplace a tourist might wander into, but definitely something all tourists and locals should take note of.  I'm a proud meat eating carnivore, but the vegan fare at Pura Vida is absolutely delicious.  The food is wonderful and the presentation beautiful.  I had the lentil soup and salad, my date the bagel with onions and we both shared an amazingly delicious red velvet cupcake.  Everything was gorgeous, delicious, and you really could taste the heart and soul that the chef/owner puts into the food.  The service was excellent, this is not a fast food place, but our dishes were out in no time at all.  the dessert was absolutely fabulous, negating all the healthy food we ate prior.  Well worth a visit.  Not the best neighborhood, but the quaint atmosphere made you feel like you were in an argentinian bistro or somewhere far from downtown LV.  A must see, a very enjoyable experience.
5	Industrial neighborhood, very little decor, slow service. But...Phenomenal food.Allow me to repeat: the food was unbelievable. I had the pancakes with a side order of a jug of flambe'd berries. Although I am very skeptical of vegan baking of any sort, these pancakes were phenomenal. Maybe the best I'd ever had. My husband got the breakfast wrap with sides of salsa and sour cream (not really cream) which was wonderful as well. Overall, a great experience.
4	great food!!!! random location, and needs some improvement in the service department (a bit slow).
1	The only good thing about this restaurant is that it's in an industrial area with no other businesses nearby so parking is easy and plentiful, but as a restaurant...???!!!first, the concept behind this place is great....they support local produce/farming and supplies. I can get behind that.   But as one of my close vegan friends told me, the biggest problem with the growing number of vegan restaurants is that they tend to be run by vegans but not by business people so they do not know how to properly run a restaurant and oftentimes feel like by just existing they are somehow doing you a favor.Simply put, waiting 2+ hours for food is unnacceptable, especially when no one alerts you to any delays and food shortages they are experiencing.  And this restaurant is very small, inside holds less than 20 people and there are outside tables for another 8.  so at full capacity it holds less than 30 people and when we were there they were not at full.The chef had a condescending attitude towards my friends who inquired politely where the food was, and tried to somehow pass off that it's normal to wait 2+ hours for your food??!! WTF?!!Long story short, half of our party got our food, the other half did not while we were there.  The restaurant was finishing up 2 of the orders by the time we left so they packed it up and gave it to us for free, but the ironic thing is the one person who never got any food ordered the simplest easiest quickest thing to make on the menu. Pancakes!Speaking of the menu, when the waitress comes and says she needs to explain it, you know you're in trouble.  No menu should require explanation, that means it's too convoluted and needlessly complicated.  Personally I didnt think it needed any explanation, tho it was quite large, and maybe they would  be better served editting it down to half the items, do them well, and get it out to the tables in a timely manner.I felt bad for the waitress since she seemed frustrated too, BUT at the same time she is the liason between our table and the kitchen, so where was she in being proactive about getting our food prepared. Also in 2+ hours she NEVER refilled our waters.  Sure we could have asked for refills, but really, at that point we really shouldnt have to ask.As for the food itself?  Nothing great going on.  We've had much better vegan food elsewhere that employed finesse and technique and managed to be full of flavour.  Our soup was very bland and needed a lot of salt to get it edible.  Our cheesy potatoes could have been good, but the potatoes were not cooked all way thru so a bit hard.  We must have literally gotten the last half of potato since our other friends who never got their meal was because of running out of potatoes.  Our quesadilla was ok, but the basic point of a quesadilla is tortilla and melted gooey cheese inside, anything else is an afterthought.  Almost no cheese, just a bunch of veggies stuffed into a tortilla.  The grilled cheese we got was really good tho.  The vegan cheese melts and has the same texture/taste as real cheese.  Sourdough bread really good.  But a grilled cheese sandwich shouldnt take 2 hours to serve.Even my vegan friends in town know of this restaurant's reputation and said they could have told me not to bother with Pura Vida.  I'm not their prime demographic (not vegan or veg) but it's not doing them any service when the vegan community knows to stay away.
4	Many fantastic vegan selections - the biggest vegan menu in the Vegas valley!Chef Mayra is enthusiastic and passionate. She's creative and good-natured. The entire restaurant oozes with kindness.The food is usually good, sometimes absolutely fantastic, but it can be inconsistent. The location is convenient for tourists on the Strip or anyone who works near there but the place is pretty small and can get rather noisy when it's busy. There is an outdoor area.The service is a bit frenzied and sometimes orders get missed or take an extra long time. If you're in a hurry or don't have much patience, order something by phone for take out and then drive to the restaurant to pick it up.Pura Vida is still new. I expect them to iron out some of the imperfections and improve over time. The concept is great and the food is good so they're off to an incredible start.
4	Well were do i begin ? our first time at pura vida and we were very happy with our food. But the service well that was not as good. Our server was polite but was disorganized and stressed. Our drinks came out the banana almond shake a berry shake and coffee mocha ice ! amazing and then my veggie soup simply delicious. We waited a long time for items but due to our server not knowing how to time food. We had a waffle and the sexy stack which i must say was sexy and delicious ! over all i would recommend this place a secluded secret !!
1	I found this place on Yelp after searching for vegan restuarants. I walked in and the waitress greeted me. She was very pleasant. So I will give 3 stars for customer service but the food was awful! It was definitely not worth 10.00 dollars. I got it to go but if not  I would definitely have complained. The prices are way to expensive and for the amount of food they give you, its not worth it. I was so disappointed because I heard good things about this place and I have been searching for decent vegan restuarants. I definitely would not recommend this place!
5	Holy sweet mother of mercy!  Can't believe how good the food is. Don't skip the soup. So many options are GF. Short stack of pancakes were oh so good and loaded with berries!  Off the strip and a bit hard to find but well worth the journey.
5	in a word "AMAZING!"its so hard to find cozy, small business to support; especially restaurants...and especially vegan restaurants! we enjoy eating good, healthy, pure food and this is a wonderful place. you know the food is cooked w/ love, it's presented beautifully, and it tastes divine! i love that they use seasonal ingredients and buy from local farmers. the staff was friendly and were able to answer every question we had to offer. we'll definitely be going back here time & time again :)
1	Horrible location and average food, it not worth the effort trying to find it. This place is located in an industrial area downtown and looks more an abandoned shack that's deteriorating for the last 30 years than a restaurant. It was so bad that I thought it was closed until I saw people inside. So I tried it and was quit disappointed. The menu is VERY limited and they charge gourmet prices for bar quality food. Don't waste your time and money.
5	Best and most unique vegan eatery and only animal free kitchen in town ~ MUST try!  From pancakes to cupcakes to tea ~ Pura Vida and Chef Mayra bring the most human and creative food experience around Las Vegas.
5	This is a great place on Western near Charleston.  If you are Vegan, the food is awesome.  They have amazing breakfast and lunch foods.  Everything is vegan with a cuban flare, but the food does not compare to anything near it on the strip.  The plates are basically $12 to $16, but you will be taking a to go container.  This is another MUST TRY place.  They are closed on Thursdays but open all other days.  They do not serve dinner, they are only a breakfast/lunch place and I promise you will not be disapointed.  The Chef is very friendly and she will come out and check on you if you are there long enough for the rush to subside.  She takes great pride in her food and wants to ensure your happiness as well.  If you are not happy, don't hesitate to let her know and she will do what she can to take care of.
5	As I stated in my Red Velvet Cafe review, I think it's essential for me to point out that I'm not Vegan, nor in my wildest or tamest dreams could I ever become Vegan.  My love for the flesh of cows, pigs and chickens rivals that of Romeo and Juliet, McAdams and Gosling, and Kim Kardashian and (insert current boyfriend here).  In seeing the great reviews for this place here and on John Curtas' blog, I was skeptical to say the least.  Upon seeing more and more pictures of the My Love burrito though, my skepticism began to fade, enough so that I decided to call in an order.I'd read here about the wait and their website made mention to give plenty of time for an order to be prepared, so I placed it accordingly and was told it'd be ready in 35 minutes.  The location isn't the greatest and neither is the parking lot for a parking challenged individual for myself.  The food came out from the kitchen right when I arrived (perfect timing!) and the woman running the front of the house graciously allowed me to try some of the flavored waters they had available that day.  Wasn't too crazy about any of those but got some blended tea drink they had that was tasty.Upon getting back to the office and finally getting a chance to see the food, it looked as remarkable as the pictures I'd seen of it online.  It was one of those things that I could almost tell was going to taste amazing before even having a bite, vegan cheese notwithstanding.   The following bites confirmed this, and the medley of tofu, beans, veggies, potatoes and yes, fear in my heart striking vegan cheese tasted blissful.  I wont get into my vegan cheese exploits of the past, but this experience erased those past experiences quickly.  The My Love burrito is quite simply the best vegan meal I've ever had, and I'd put it toe to toe against most meat filled burritos I've had.At $11, it's pricier than your average burrito, but then again this is no average burrito.
1	I am a vegan and got married in Las Vegas on 5-21-12. I ordered a vegan wedding cake from Chef Mayra and couldn't wait to eat at her restaurant. Now, I wish I had not done either .  I paid $420. for the cake and I was promised it would be "awesome and have fresh flowers on it" .  It was saddly lacking in taste and moistness and amount of filling and it DID NOT have fresh flowers on it!!!  Only mediocre ,too small for the cake, icing flowers!  Too bad Chef Mayra, that you did not deliver what you promised!! I wanted to create a beautiful wedding , a delicious dinner, and a yummy cake for ourselves and our guests.  The wedding and the dinner were a huge success,thankfully but the cake was a flop. It is very sad to me that I did NOT get WHAT I WAS PROMISED!!!!! It was supposed to be a strawberry filling.... it had such a tiny amount of filling you could hardly taste the strawberries or the filling. Eating at the restaurant Pura Vida was not much better. The hard to get to dumpy part of town would have been okay ,had the food been good but here again it was not that good. On a scale of 1-10 .....10 being the best I would give it a 2 at the most!!!!!  That is for the restaurant....The cake was not even a 1 .
4	OK, so let me start by saying that I have been looking for something like Candle Cafe in NYC (one of my all time favorite dining establishments anywhere) or Source in San Francisco here in Las Vegas. In two years I had not found anything until now.Pura Vida does a lot well, and a few things not so well. That being said, I can imagine going back there many times.What was good: 1) I believe the staff genuinely cares about the food, the cleanliness, and that they understand how important food is. They use great ingredients, treat them well, and I felt good about what I was eating there in every way. And today, in a world where most food comes from Sysco in all restaurants from the low to high end, where most everything is factory farmed, and is part of a system that is toxic from start to finish, finding an establishment like this is a REAL gem. What was also good; the quesadillas, the salsa, the burrito, the rooibos tea and the FANTASTIC chocolate chip peanut butter cookies.  We are going to go back and try more of the menu. What was not as good. It was slow, too slow for me. They are understandably still working with the challenges that surround serving fresh organic and raw food that has no preservatives. They could also use an expediter to make sure the customers' experience is better. People do not like to wait too long, even in Las Vegas.Chef T was awesome, Cynthia Jean was awesome, and I can not wait to go back. If they can make the experience a little bit crisper, and if the recipes for the other dishes are as good as what I had today, I will update this to a five star review.
5	Husband and I came here after finding many good reviews online. We were in town for a wedding and being vegan, I knew our dining options were limited. We dined here on Saturday AND Sunday morning. So delicious and super fresh.Saturday: I had 'The Latin'Tude" breakfast burrito and my husband had "My Love". We were barely able to finish everything! It was a very wonderful and savory breakfast. I also had an iced coffee (i forget what it was called, but just regular, no flavor) and it was delicious. We split a Chocolate Banana Dream smoothie with almond milk. I was then rolled out the door. Sunday: I had "Tha' Waffle" and it was a monster waffle covered in gorgeous fresh berries and served with a very tasty maple syrup on the side. My husband cant remember what he had, but it had the name "George" in it and was also offered gluten free (although he didn't have it gluten free). Had another Chocolate Banana Dream. Both days, Chef Mayra came around the dining room and checked on everyone and talked with us. I rarely get that in any restaurant. This food, by far, is the best vegan food I have had in a restaurant. Everything was so fresh and beautifully presented. Our orders took a little while to make it to the table, but for how amazing the food is, the wait was definitely worth it. Fresh food takes time. If you don't have time, i'm sure there are many McDonaldses in the area.
5	I love this Place first because its 100% vegan 100% of the time. Then because Chef Mayra is an amazing chef and person. She cares for her costumers as if you are family. she will prepare food for you to your personal needs. The staff is wonderful and the food is always yummy. The brownie is ridiculous nom nom nom. My husband and I love the Brunch. They cook it to order so be prepared to spend sometime there. Order an infused water or beautiful tea, relax and enjoy.
5	Excellent!! Will come again! I am so over joyed about finding good healthy food!
2	My boyfriend and I decided to check this place out while we were in Las Vegas for the weekend. The menu looked good, so I was pretty excited about eating here. We had to wait a little while for a table (maybe 15-20 minutes), which was no big deal. But then, it took 30 minutes for us to get coffee (also, you can't just order a coffee; you have to get a foofy, sugary espresso drink) and over an hour for all of our food to arrive. There were only about 10 tables in the whole restaurant and at least 5 employees working, so I can't see any reason that it should take that long. When the people sitting beside us asked about their food (they had received half of their food and waited 30-40 minutes for the rest, which never came), the owner gave them a condescending and long-winded speech about how she "refuses to have" industrial kitchen equipment and that they "should know" that her food comes out slowly. She even argued with them when they (very reasonably and politely) asked her not to charge them for food they didn't receive. She also talked about how she "refuses" to prepare food in advance-- including mixing batter or cutting vegetables. While I appreciate the sentiment of all of this, it is totally impractical. I get small-batch food prep, but there is absolutely no reason for a breakfast joint not to have, like, a waffle maker that can make more than 1 waffle at a time. I don't mind waiting a bit for good food, but 1-2 hours is ridiculous, especially when it doesn't even come out at the same (or even close to the same) time.The food was pretty good, but it was really expensive for the portion size.This is a place that is run by a woman on a high horse who has no idea how to operate a business. I will say that, aside from the owner, the staff are very, very nice. They work hard and are very kind/polite, but they are stuck working for a very poorly-run business.
4	Very impressed with the wide range of dishes Chef Mayra offers while staying vegan and tasty.  Loved the fresh fruit bowl and nice drinks as well.
4	This place is ridiculous and Chef Mayra is insane! I come here often when I need to cleanse my body from all the abuse and punishment, but also when I want to go to place which makes no sense! It's probably the worst location of any business in town, is horribly slow, has a menu written in nonsense, and they constantly try to up sell you on everything! That being said, it is some of the healthiest, most delicious food in all of Las Vegas. The Salads are amazing, filled with locally grown herbs and the Salad dressing is the best! Really you can't go wrong with most items, however, I would advise you to stay away from the coffee as it is watery crap in a cup. They serve large portions! So be hungry and leave stuffed, but don't worry about the guilt that comes with normal gluttony! Eat the Chocolate Pancakes or the puff pastries for a couple other slam dunk options! This is the second best Vegan place to eat, just behind Komol! Chef Mayra is insane, but she we will win your heart with her passion and food!
5	I loved Pura Vida the food was great and the atmosphere was very welcoming. They have outstanding vegan food that the whole family can enjoy.
5	Great  organic vegan restaurant!   Grill cheese and tha  Frenchie are awesome. Chef Mayra is super friendly, talks to every guest and knows about food.  Seasonal variety  on the menu, I have tried almost  every idem and its great. I go for lunch and after that I don't have dinner. LGBT friendly, beautiful flowers on the tables. Our server was Mason and he was great. The best Vegan place in Nevada.-bob
4	This tasty restaurant is in the middle of nowhere but was well worth the trip.  The restaurant is extremely small but full of eclectic decor.  Their staff was really personable and friendly.  I had their Latin Tude burrito which was AMAZING!!!!  The reason I gave this place only 4 stars is because it took them 40 minutes for them to make my burrito.  Also, they charged me an additional $2 because I requested more chips for my chips and salsa which I thought was absurd.  Especially, since they only gave me 8-10 broken chips for an entire order of chips and salsa in the first place.  In the end, it was all worth it in the end because the food was delicious!!!!
4	Went on weekday - around 11:30 am.The Good:1) Once the greeter/server realized I was a first-timer, she gave a brief overview of the drink and food menu.2) I ordered the Puffs (like large empanadas but pastry is more like a turnover e.g. lighter, puffier, thus the name) with a side of chili. Server meant to tell me there is no chili (other choices soup or salad, but no soup, so salad was the only choice) with apologies. I really wanted to try the chili. She suggested that I order the side dish of chili potatoes ($5), that way, I could try the chili that way. I did, and still ordered the Puffs (stuffed with vegan items, soy meat, cheese and spices). Two large puffs ($10). The portions were big, and I had planned to take leftovers with me. Either I was hungrier than I thought, or it was so good I couldn't stop eating - it was the latter. I left absolutely full with vegan yummy comfort food.3) I did not have to wait for a table (it did fill up around 12:15), my food was promptly delivered, and my water glass was promptly filled (when I asked and other times when I didn't).The Bad: 1) Difficult to spot on Western Ave. - passed right by it (signage only on building) - good thing I had the address so, did a u-turn. 2) Parking lot is small (went on a weekday - other nearby businesses open - so could not park in their lots). 3) They use a spray bottle to clean tables. When they cleaned the table next to mine (close quarters BTW, it's a small restaurant with maybe 8-9 small tables), I was concerned about "the spray" hitting my food. Luckily, Chef Mayra sprayed into cloth and wiped table (other workers did not do this during my meal, but those tables were a further away). However, I did smell the cleaner though, kinda like chlorine, not pleasant when you are eating.Overall, the food will keep me coming back.
5	I can't express in words how much I adore this place. I live in New York and was in Vegas visiting my best friend. Being that I'm vegan and she's not, it was important to her that I felt accomodated while I was there- and let me tell you she loved this place as much as I did! In the course of 9 days, we ate here 3 times!I still salivate over the Sunday brunch chocolate waffle I practically licked the plate of and also the short stack of chocolate pancakes- both of which completely hit the spot for my craving of real breakfast food. While initially the service was slow, the waitress was super friendly and the place was packed (everytime we were there). My friend enjoyed the McNeil bagel with Daiya cheese a little too much but when I  finally ate it, I too understood why she wouldn't stop talk ing about it.Chef Myra is involved in every aspect of the resturant from start to finish and is super chatty with the customers. I can't wait to go back to see my best friend but most importantly to eat here!!! I no joke think about the chocolate waffles and pancakes every week. Please don't be scared that this is "VEGAN", you would never know it because it's simply ahamazing!
4	I'm not a vegan, but I am a "plant based" eater and am always glad when there are new places that serve up organic eats. This isn't my first foray into Chef Mayras food as she's catered a Yelp party prior which gave me hopes for something spicy, zesty and flavor filled for brunch.David S. and I came before volunteering at Three Square and shared the large portions. We've both wanted to come on a weekday when it wasn't so busy. I think what we had was very meat eater friendly and hearty. Unless your family eats only meat, it's good brunch eats for any person. Sexy Shortstack - we added blueberries (+$1) into the pancakes and it came with bananas on it (I guess on weekends it gets fancier with fruit medley and an extra pancake...Don't get why toned down on weekdays?). Vegan or not, these are some of the yummiest I've had. I like very light and fluffy cakes and not enough places serve good syrup that compliments and not overpower into a saccharine coma. I always share sweet breakfast foods since it often is too much sweet, but I can see myself actually ordering this and being able to eat it with maybe a side of sausage. My Love Burritos were spicy, zesty, and flavor filled like I was hoping for. The two burritos were perfect for sharing and there was all kinds of spiraled veggies garnished but I ate those too....maybe that could be like a "salad" with some dressing on it? I like that the tortilla was grilled....I always get disappointed with sandwich wraps around town that just hand you a cold tortilla. This was filling indeed so it could be for a big man appetite to go at it alone. Of course, keep in mind this isn't fast food. Everything is fresh made and did take a while.It wasn't completely packed but there was a constant flow of people.. probably was 15 minutes for our pancakes then another 10 for our burritos to come. I thought that isn't unreasonable. The staff was nice and our server was friendly, attentive, service with a smile. The reason why I haven't been, even when my BF and I were eating 100% plant based is the times. It really sucks being night people and these breakfast places are closed before we even wake on weekends. 2pm Saturdays seems too limited for a city like ours...and it's also closed Sundays.  It'll probably be a while before I can come back, but not because I don't want to.
5	If you want a meal prepared by someone who is passionate about food come here. If you are in a hurry it may not be the best option. Slow down and take the time to enjoy this place. It's not amazing vegan food, it's amazing food period. Friendly and genuine staff. Yum
5	Chef Mayra is amazing!!! The food was excellent and the service even better, I can't wait to come back.I had the vegan sausage with the tofu scramble, it was delicious! Lots of flavour. I went with non vegan friends who "hate tofu" but even they fell in love.Portions are large! So I had plenty to take home.
5	Pura Vida was a great experience. The food was flavorful and well presented. Chef Mayra takes her time to give you her best. There are no microwaves in the back  so everything is prepared on the spot. Pura Vida is a cozy restaurant with friendly staff.  The prices may seem a bit expensive for pancakes and eggs, but you must factor in that the majority of the menu is gluten free or whole wheat, organic and vegan/vegetarian dishes which increase the cost of basic ingredients. Do not go to Pura Vida if you are short on time. Chef Mayra's passion for cooking is evident in the meals she prepares. So take your time and enjoy the Good Life!
4	I'm not vegan but they are trying to turn me over! lol I came with my vegan friend and figured I'd try it out.I did like the food, the chili potatos was good and so was the bean dip and chips. This place is tucked away in a random spot you would never expect it.  The chef was very kind and came out and talked to every customer.Real home cooked style with "soul" - as chef Mayra would say.
1	Yuck. We just spent the weekend eating at vegas buffets so wanted to get back to our vegetarian ways. This place was highly rated so figured we would try it. It is in a weird location, industrial area. Small place, stuffy inside. The waitress is overly friendly. She called me sweety and touched my shoulder, got into my personal space too many times. She argued with the cook about what table number we were over us. Yes over us, one on one side of us, the other on the other side. The food took forever. Their 'coffee' was disgusting. It was sickly sweet and tasted like some kind of chocolately cinnamon goo. And I didnt even order the mocha one. Our food was weird. I have eaten at several vegan places and liked the food. This was just super strange combinations of ingredients that dont compliment each other. And it was really expensive for what it was. I went to the bathroom, scary bathroom! And then when I came back from the bathroom, there was the server in my personal space again. I just didnt enjoy anything about the place, and it made me nauseous. This is the highest rated vegan place in vegas, Sooo glad I only visit the area instead of live here.
5	Best restaurant period, let alone vegan restaurant, in Vegas.  The food is impeccable, fresh, flavorful, beautifully presented, & the chef only uses local produce that is in season. Wonderful, friendly staff, & the chef is warm, charming & funny!  The 'my love' burrito & breakfast pastry puffs are a must try. The chefs signature bean salsa and chili are also must try staples. The chef is always switching the desserts weekly, & I've never tried one that didn't blow my mind.
3	The drinks were delicious and some of the food was good and some was just ok. Unfortunately the servers were very talkative although nice. One however was very pushy and trying to get us to buy more on the menu. It was like a sales pitch. Very annoying!!! You almost can't have a good conversation because the servers are always there talking or selling you something.
5	amazing vegan food! i had the puff pastry with tofu scramble, vegan sausage, onions, peppers. the puff pastry was topped with a garlic "cheese" sauce...so yummy! i also had the mocha which had some of the best tasting chocolate sauce i've ever had.my friend had the wow! meal and a regular coffee and dug his food, too. they had a chocolate pudding pie with an almond biscotti crust that i was eyeing, too, but i was so full i couldn't manage it. le sigh..highly recommend! you won't be disappointed!
5	Holy. Crap. If you'd have told me I was going to eat vegan food and not just like, but LOVE it, I'd have laughed in your face and said something like "Oh, you," while walking away shaking my head amusedly. I mean, I'm a card-carrying carnivore, and there's no way vegan "meat" or "cheese" could ever satisfy like the real thing, right? While the vegan versions might not be exact matches, Chef Mayra proved to me that they can also be enjoyable.I had the bean salsa to start, because the meal I ordered didn't include beans, and I was craving them. The description for the salsa online says "A meal by itself made with pinto beans, black beans, chunky tomatoes, vegan cheese, refried beans, lime cilantro, avocado in season & Chef's spices. Served with chips." I definitely could have eaten it as a meal by itself. It was also super frickin delicious (if you like beans).I can't find the entry online for what I got as my main course, but it was some kind of puff pastry smothered in "nacho cheese" sauce with a filling similar to that of The Latin'Tude burrito (black beans, refried beans, soyriso, tofu scrambles, vegan cheese, avocado, veggies, onions, garlic, cilantro, tomatoes, roasted organic potatoes with poblano peppers), minus the beans. SO GOOD. I was so surprised I liked it as much as I did that I forgot to take note of exactly what it was. To drink I had the Cafe No Leche, which uses a blend of soy and coconut milk instead of cow's milk. I'm not a fan of soy milk, but the coconut milk gave it an amazing flavor and an awesome frothy top.The meal definitely wasn't cheap -- my total bill plus tax & tip came to around $30. That's a lot more than I'd usually spend on one meal just for myself. However, I was able to take home half of the starter and the main dish so I could make a second meal out of them later on.I'll definitely be going back and bringing some people to share with. Chef Mayra -- a complete honest, down-to-earth sweetheart of a woman -- and her food have won me over. (Forgot to mention the place is also adorable on the inside!)
5	Pura Vida is amazing and Chef Mayra is lovely. I called for take-out and got "Tha Frenchie" while my friend got the "Pura Vida Empanadas", it was so good (my food and what my friend ordered.. I ate about half of his haha); there was a ton of food so, unless you're feeling gluttonous or just can't help yourself, you'll have leftovers. In addition to delicious food, the customer service is fabulous and the lady who took my order, Sande, was great, she gave me the eta of my food and called when it was done early. It's just a bit off the freeway and well worth going to, even if you have to drive some, the prices are reasonable, and it's 100% vegan! A few people have complained about the wait, but if you want to be in and out quicker, call ahead (the website recommends it), running a restaurant is hard, as is making fresh and delicious food, I say it's worth the wait, just come with friends and have a nice conversation.So nice to have a truly vegan place, I wish they were closer and open more, but it's probably a good thing, I'd eat my weight in their yummy food every day given the chance.Give this place a shot, you'll love it. :)
4	On the day of Black Friday, after an extremely long and fruitful shopping at the North Las Vegas Premium Outlets, mom and I were so famished that we decided to just hit any nearby restaurant that's open. Luckily yelp stepped in, and we found ourselves at a vegan joint.The place was a little off the track so pay attention to the signs or you might miss it. The place was quite small as well, with six tables inside and two outside. However, it has a very welcoming feel and the waitress was extremely friendly.Their menu selection wasn't that big, and price can be leaning towards expensive, however, considering they are a vegan place and lots of the ingredients are more expensive to start off with, I'd say it's reasonable and expected. Gluten free is available to order for some of the dishes, but it does require advance notice.Once we were sat, the waitress informed us that the chef cooks by the order, which means long wait time, especially if you have a bigger crowd in front of you. While it can be inconvenient and different from the normal restaurant, I find this refreshing. Just be prepared  for the wait, and don't come with a hungry stomach.Tried the Wow Pastry and the Chocolate pancake with boysenberry syrup. We did have to wait for close to half an hour for the food. Mom was so tired from the shopping that she dozed off while waiting.When the waitress bring out the chocolate pancake, I can smell the aroma from miles away. If this is a drug, I'd die a happy little death just by inhaling the wonderful aroma. Every bite of the pancake filled my mouth of chocolate, yet flavor wise it's not overwhelming at all. Coupled with the piping hot boysenberry syrup, I think I found myself a dessert heaven.Mom's WOW Pastry came out piping hot, and was decorated with fresh and edible flowers. The puff was so crispy, yet so light, the filling was mostly the scrambled tofu filled with all different spices. One bite and I was transported to an exotic country dining with the royals. Ok, that might be a little too much exaggeration, but trust me when i tell you, the WOW Pastry was SO GOOD that I wish I live in Vegas instead of just visiting for the weekend.Pura Vida is a wonderful restaurant with extremely tasty, yet healthy food. The only reason I didn't give them a five star is because I wish they can get better than better with local support. Upon leaving, the waitress informed me that you can now call ahead and order your food, and it'll be ready when you arrive to dine in the restaurant! I guess it's their way to work around the long cooking time.Check this place out if you are in Vegas! Even if you are a meat lover, you'll find this vegan joint very refreshing. And who says you can't have some vegetables in between the meat?
5	The food might be vegan...but it is for everyone! Made with love and passion, the food is sinfully delicious.  The wait can be long at times, always worth it. Tons of food, great for sharing. I love the Sassy No Tuna Melt. Amazing and messy. Weekend breakfasts can be alarmingly huge, so bring your appetite. Made from scratch and made to order.  The staff will tell you what the realistic wait times are, don't be afraid to ask. I call ahead for lunch so the order will be ready when I arrive, this saves time for the shorter lunch breaks.  Definitely a one of kind, out of the way, destination location with lots of personality and charm.
3	First I will say that the food was very good,  However I feel like this restaurant has some fundamental issues that need to be addressed.  1.  I feel like the price is too high.  We paid $65(before tip) for 3 adults for breakfast, which I think is a bit high.  I get that it is a niche market so I can sort of forgive the price a little bit.  A basic cup of black coffee is $4 which seems pretty high to me.  I also did not appreciate the way that the waitress kept urging me to order additional food for my not even 2 year old who we generally share our plate with.  She kept urging us and saying I'm sure the baby would like this or want this and I didn't appreciate that at all.  The waitress urged all of us to order additional food and get things we didn't ask for.  2.  We were the only ones eating at 10am and were told that food would be approximately 40 minutes to come out.  I don't have 2 hours to spend eating breakfast.  As I said before I have a 2 year old who simply can't sit still that long.   The  waitress was at least helpful in helping us choose items that might come out more quickly.  3.The location is in an industrial area which is probably why they seem so desperate to sell you up on whatever you purchase.  There is absolutely no foot traffic in this area,  Perhaps if they had a better location they might do a little less upselling etc. I don't see my family returning any time soon,  If you have a couple hours to kill the food is great though.
5	This place is the absolute best food in Las Vegas! Everything is vegan so need to worry what you can and can't eat for anyone who doesn't eat animal products. But unlike many vegan restaurants with food that you would rather not eat then have to eat a substitute.. ALL the food is great. I got chocolate pancakes with chocolate sauce and bananas and strawberries, home made juice, and potato wedges with a cheese sauce. Not only does the food taste non-vegan, the prices are great, the atmosphere is awesome and the cook herself came out and chatted with us for a while and she is awesome! Also added bonus, I saw on the wall that the cafe had adopted some turkeys from a shelter, awesome!
4	What a unique cafe...Unless you've been here before, you don't know why. But it's true. Unique is the best word to describe it. So here's the rundown:- 100% vegan (animal-free)- 100% cruelty-free kitchen- All gluten-free options are prepared separately in their gluten-free kitchen area. So awesome!!!- GMO free, organic, & fair trade whenever available I know you meat-lovers & non-vegans out there are thinking. How can this food be delicious? It is. Trust me. In my quest for better health & attempt to be vegan (ok, I'm probably vegan 95% of the time, I can't lay off dairy! Err!) I am saddened by the fact that Pura Vida is not in my neighborhood. Far from it, but I still attempt to come whenever I can.What's on their menu? Waffles, French toast, pancakes, scrambles. Their newest items this week: PB + Banana + Chocolate + Raspberry Mini Pancakes. Or Cinnamon Walnut French Toast. In the mood for lunch? You can have sandwiches, quesadillas, create-your-own wraps, chili, & empanadas. They make daily bakery items, chocolate cakes, muffins, etc. I tried their chili, empanadas, & one of their gluten-free Latin'tude (posted pics). Yum :)Pros:Service - incredible. Their servers are very knowledgeable about the menu & will try to accommodate any dietary requests or allergies. Very friendly & helpful.Yumminess - I love the efforts they make to provide great tasting food, using organic whenever possible. They prove that you don't need to eat any animal products to have a fulfilling meal. Portions - huge! Took home leftovers every time!Cons:Location - not the most convenient wholesome neighborhood. I think Cheetah's is right down the street. I'm glad I'm here during daylight hours.Timeliness - this isn't fast food. It's good wholesome food made to order. They ask customers to give them 40 minutes for take-out orders, and it seems to be the same when you eat there. That's why they urge you to call in ahead of time. You could even call a day before (I can imagine most people can't plan that well like me, but I love that they offer the option) They will reserve a seat for you if you give them notice. They did for me, table for one.Price - good ingredients comes at a cost. Most complete meals are $11-18. I'm more than happy to pay for quality, but I understand some people want to spend less on breakfast or lunch. The portions are well worth your money, in my opinion. One dish has always lasted me for two sittings or more. And I don't know about you, but knowing you're eating a great healthy meal, feeling good about what you ate is worth the extra dollars. Consistency - availability changes daily. So do the specials. The gluten-free chocolate cake you got one day is not there the next time you visit. Bakery items sell out fast. They've informed me though that anything can be available if you call. You want vegan pumpkin pie? I called a couple days before Thanksgiving & they made it. Plus, she'll prepare it to any dietary specifications you want. Planning my next return to Pura Vida. Soon!
5	Best meal I've had in Vegas ... Freshly prepared soup with local veggies and an amazing tofu scramble wrap.  Perfect flavors ... Really impressed with this place!
5	this place is awesome... it's the first all VEGAN restaurant that I've been to.  Everything in this restaurant is 100% animal free, gluten free, GMO free, and organic.  The food is delicious.  It has just enough sweetness to it to satisfy your sweet tooth, but it doesn't feel heavy in your stomach.  I have been here about 3 times now and tried like 5 different dishes...tha waffle, empanadas, grilled cheese, puff pastry (my favorite), and another which i forgot the name, but it's so big.. it's really for two people.  It comes with potatoes, empanadas, pancakes, and sausage. The owner who is also the chef is very nice and will come out to talk to you.  She's very passionate about veganism.  I've been a vegan for about 3 months now and she has inspired me to do it even longer. Just a precaution... sometimes the wait can be an hour.  It's recommended that you call in your order if you don't want to wait.  I don't mind the wait.  My friends and I just chat while we wait. I also took people who love to eat meat and they said that this place is awesome and would love to come back.  So it's a great place to introduce friends to a more vegan lifestyle. Vegan food can be healthy and taste great!!
5	The absolute best vegan cuisine I have tasted through my travels across the country. And that's no exaggeration!
5	A gem of a place especially for visiting vegetarians looking to get off the strip. Enjoyed the flavorful tofu scramble and the "cheesy" potatoes. Very friendly service and delicious cafe.
5	Disclaimer: I am not a vegetarian or vegan. I love meat and I cannot deny my usual distaste for vegan eateries because of my experience with foods that lack of flavor and have strange textures. Having said that, the meal I had at Pure Vida today was one of the best and freshest lunches I have had in a long, long time!I read through their menu and website prior to arriving, so I was well aware that everything is prepared fresh and can take 30-45 minutes to prepare. No problem for me, because I enjoy long and quiet lunches. When I walked in, Cindy directed me to a table and gave me an abundance of information as well as about 5 different menus that had specials and drinks and other specials and lunch and breakfast and dessert, etc. I immediately ordered a lime-mint blended essential oils water ($3: NOTE: they no longer offer free refills as of Jan 13, 2013). It is free of sugar and home made and unbelievably refreshing! For food, I settled on the lunch special (a little pricey at $14.99, but it came with so much food that I cannot complain at all!) and chose a salad with creamy garlic dressing and the "My Love" burrito. The "salad" was a GIGANTIC plate of fresh veggies including spinach, sprouts, broccoli, cauliflower, cucumber, etc. and the dressing came on the side, which was great. About 20 minutes later (it wasn't very crowded), my burrito was served: sun dried tomatoes, cuban black beans, vegan cheese, spinach, roasted garlic potatoes, avocado, chipotle peppers. Let me tell you, it was one of the best burritos I have ever had (AND I LOVE MEAT, AND IT CONTAINED NO MEAT!). There was a little kick to it, but nothing that made my mouth burn or detracted from the wonderful flavors of the fresh veggies and toasted tortilla. If you aren't a vegetarian or vegan, who cares? Support this little gem because it supports chemical free, organic, healthy dining options that do NOT skimp in flavor or portion size. Absolutely wonderful. The ambiance is also very relaxing and peaceful. Cindy, my waitress, was extremely helpful and friendly and made me feel like we were old friends. She even gave me a sample of one of their apple cookies and made some recommendations for my next visit (which will likely be tomorrow, lol). I cannot recommend this place enough. It is my new favorite lunch spot!
5	I love meat!!!!  But I love this restaurant more!  Amazing local seasonal menu items!  I also like the people who come here to dine
2	Let me start off by saying I really thought the food was great... fantastic food. But, like everyone else I can't get over this restraints inability to successfully run a "Restaurant". This seems like a perfect Restaurant Impossible episode. The food itself is a bit overpriced and being from California where the vegan food is more abundant, prices aren't this high. $17 dollars for a puff pastry plate (that's the price that I remember... could be wrong) it was really high in my opinion. There's nothing wrong with not knowing how to run a restaurant but this is why we hire bookkeeper's and watch finances closely. This place could be huge but fails because of their business model. Now, let me walk you through my experience at the restaurant... Walked in with my boyfriend and upon sitting down was told that the wait would be an hour and a half. Being the stubborn person I can be sometimes I insisted that we just wait since we drove out there. The wait ended up being about 40 minutes (not too bad). The waitress seemed jittery and grateful we stayed... something about it was off putting though. Revamping the restaurant and simplifying the menu (knocking down the prices a bit too : ] ) and this restaurant could flourish. It also made me a bit upset that they recommended that we call next time so they can save us a table but it shouldn't be like that. I come to Vegas often buuuut I probably won't be back here.
1	First of all, this is a generous 1 star only because there is no option for no stars.I have nothing to say about Pura Vida's food because we never got to try it since this supposed community-friendly small business would not serve us at 1:45 because their clock said 1:50 when their hours clearly state they close at 2 pm.Here's the story... my vegan friend is visiting so i bought the Groupon deal. On Saturday we planned to go for lunch and thankfully we called first and they said they close at 2. So on Sunday we tried to look at their menu online and were going to call in an order to pickup but their site had a bandwidth error message and so we could not see the menu.  As of right now you still can't see their website.So we drove all the way across town and arrived at 1:45. As soon as we walked in the woman called out while we were still standing in the doorway that they were closed with an obvious grateful tone to turn us away. We tried to explain that we had tried to come for two days and it was a special treat for my vegan friend. She carelessly dismissed everything we said saying that they take the last order at 1:45 and that it is "the policy of the kitchen because the food takes so long." We practically begged to be served by this place and the woman had no care in the world.  I wanted to talk to someone else in charge but then I thought why bother this woman obviously doesn't want our business. So, I told her I would NEVER come back and she is very bad for business. Of course she couldn't care less. As we left I was further annoyed as I noticed a flashing open sign in the window. UGH!Between my friend and I we have lived and worked in the service industry in Las Vegas, Miami, LA and Portland and have never experienced a small business having such audacity to turn away wold be happy customers. It was such a bad business move in these modern times of such high competition among businesses and the great opportunity for online reviews and word-of-mouth. Shame on you, Pura Vida.It seems this place has good reviews and good food, but we will never know since we refuse to go back. We are all in favor of supporting local businesses, I am a Las Vegas native. In Las Vegas where the competition against big corporations is so great. We should all be supporting our community establishments, but when they make it clear they do not need our business what are we to do? Dominos pizza got our money today, again, Pura Vida, shame on you.We will be refunding our Groupon and telling everyone we know to not bother going to Pura Vida before 1:45 pm, or ever.
5	We ate at Pura Vida Bakery & Bystro by Chef Mayra - today, and it was absolutely wonderful. The service was very welcoming, the food was delicious, and interesting.What a delightful experience. This is NOT a fast-food restaurant, so don't expect your food fast, but the atmosphere was warm, casual & relaxing, and we, my husband and I, had a good time and a healthy hearty brunch. This restaurant, even at this unusual location, is a must-try......enjoy
3	The boyfriend and I decided to try this place after seeing a groupon and the good yelp reviews. We are NOT, in any way, vegan. We just like yummy food. This place is a little bit out of the way, and it's very small. I noticed everything was a little pricey and our groupon was only good for $30...crap.. I ordered the chili and empanadas and he ordered the WOW puff. It took about 45 minutes for the food to come out even though we were the only ones there. The empanadas were nice and flaky but the WOW puff..definitely WOW. The waitress was very friendly, but since we were the only ones there, she kept talking to us throughout our whole meal. We still had to pay another $20 or $25 even after the groupon was applied. Its a little pricey especially since we only got two dishes, no drinks or apps.The food was very good, but i think this restaurant would be so much better if they chose a better location and if the prices were a little bit lower.
2	The food is okay I have had better Vegan food but for now this one was close to my house and I though well I have a groupon, why not. The woman chef needs to learn how to control her temper or to go outside and yell. She gets flustered very quickly, and yelling to your employee how someone is now going to have to wait 45 minutes in front of every one in the small restaurant is not very appealing. I was told my meal was going to take 30-45 minutes, okay cool first time there, thought well maybe they were out of their element today. I came in 12 minutes early (i was told um sorry you are 12 minutes early) and the woman chef flipped. They need to get their act together if they want business. 45 minute waits is only going to turn people away. I hope their rent is cheap.
3	I would love to give Pura Vida 5 stars but taking some issues into consideration that people would likely find important definitely knock it down a bit.  How much the rating should suffer would depend on your priorities.  I would give it 3.5 if possible because despite the issues, I still eat here.First I would like to say that the food is excellent.  Chef Mayra does a wonderful job bringing a fully vegan menu with tons of flavor to Las Vegas.  The price is hefty but not when considering the quality of ingredients, freshness, and LARGE portion size.  I've had both breakfast and lunch here and neither disappoint.This place has a wonderful concept of cruelty free dining but there are flaws in the execution.  The menus (yes, you may be given as many as 4 different ones) are confusing and it takes the wait staff an excessively long time to explain everything.  It also seems that Chef either cannot afford or does not allow anyone else to be doing cook/prep in the kitchen.  Meaning that even though the place is tiny, if it is full (which is likely at meal times) you could easily wait an hour+ for your food.  I have had smoothies and other drinks fail to be delivered because Chef was too busy.  If you can't trust anyone else on your staff to make a coffee drink then you either are way too controlling or you need a new staff.  ***Please watch a few episodes of Kitchen Nightmares and take the advise to heart!***There is so much potential for greatness here.  I think with some consultation on how to more efficiently run things, I would be more than happy to award Pura Vida the full 5 stars.
1	I got fooled by Yelp reviews!My boyfriend, his mom, and I had not only the WORST experience at this restaurant, but also the most UNCOMFORTABLE experience!We decided to dine here for breakfast when we saw the great reviews and noticed that the location was walking distance away from the outlet. We took a taxi from our hotel and arrived to the restaurant at 9:20 AM on Saturday. The restaurant looked closed. My boyfriend tried the door and it was locked. I decided to be resourceful and call the restaurant to see if they were open. (I wish I never made this call! We should've left and eaten elsewhere!) They answered and said they were open and had forgotten to unlock the doors.The restaurant looked dirty (typical whole-in-the-wall type of place). We were seated and menus were distributed. When we rummaged through 3 different menus, we were horrified at how haphazardly the items were placed and completely confused on how to even order. To make matters worst, the server tried to explain the menu to us - even more OVERWHELMING and EXHAUSTING! Items that had fruits and avocados listed will now only come with bananas since avocados and other fruits were "not in season" for the restaurant. Some items would take over 45 minutes and other items you can't even order unless you made a reservation ahead of time.Crap, we're stuck here. The taxi driver already left. So we decided to order a WOW, french toast with a side of WOW, and Tha' Waffle. However, we asked for the WOW to be made without potatoes (my boyfriend's mom is severely allergic). The server was completely confused on how to place the order. Apparently, the cook can't make that dish without the potatoes. So she suggested to order the items that come on that plate as a la carte. Fine, we ordered as a la carte. We were tired of looking at that puzzling menu.15 minutes later the "Chef" decides to come talk to us about how the WOW plate would be prepared. (Wait, she didn't even start on the food yet?) She said she wouldn't be replacing the potatoes for something else since the potatoes are the bed of the plate and everything else goes on top, but rather she would be removing the potatoes and adding extra bit of this and that. So she was trying to UP-SELL us because my boyfriend's mom is allergic to potatoes? My boyfriend had to clarify to her that we are not going to pay extra. We don't care if she adds more of whatever she wants or doesn't add anything at all, just take out the potatoes! She continued talking and moving her hands and flailing her arms trying to describe us the plate. She kept emphasizing how she WOULD NOT REPLACE the potatoes but would be REMOVING them and adding other stuff. What in the world? Does this person know what the word "replace" means?We say fine and she finally goes back to the kitchen. A table near us receives their food in a timely manner (15 minutes after ordering). We've been waiting 30 minutes now. The server says "THEIR FOOD CAME OUT FIRST BECAUSE THEY ORDERED YESTERDAY." What in the world?!?? After 45 minutes of this grueling wait, my boyfriend's mom's food comes out. The chef comes out, too! (Not again, stay in the kitchen please!) My boyfriend's mom is displeased and when the chef asks how her dish is, she says "So-so" (my boyfriend's mom's English is very limited, I'm surprised she didn't spit out what was in her mouth back on to the plate). Then the chef says, "All I want is a smile from her!" The audacity of this lady!!There was a yellow flower placed on top of her plate of food. She took the flower off the plate and placed it on the table. When my waffle came out a few minutes later, the chef came out again! Then she takes the flower off the table and places it on top of my waffle and says, "You get a flower too!" Is this place that cheap that they have to reuse garnishing?!??Overall, our experience was horrifying! I've never had vegan food before and if this is the best that a vegan restaurant can offer, then I can never be a vegan.If you still want to dine there, here are some tips:1. Order your food the day before you plan on actually eating it2. Be ready to wait for at least 45 minutes for your food if you didn't order yesterday3. Don't get an explanation of the menu4. Stay away from talking to the chefThe bill was $49 before tip - we ordered only three plates and no drinks. A little pricey for disgusting food and even worse service.
4	Close enough from the strip that the taxi fare is worth the trip. And if you're local, just go and find Pura Vida. Las Vegas is filled with wonderful wonders - small owner operated places that are totally unique for any city. Pura Vida is one of those unusual special places.I know how frustrating it can be to deal with wierd locations and wierd hours, but realize that it is difficult owning and operating a small business. Please be patient and understanding and you will be rewarded. If in doubt about hours of operation - ALWAYS call first and verify!Very interesting and tastey veggie fare. The prices may seem a little high when you look at the menu, but when the food arrives, you will find plates piled up high with quality food. And depending on how much you eat - there's probably enough for a another full meal.
1	TOTAL DISAPPOINTMENT.  Do not waste your time or money and...Possibly the meanest thing I can say about a local business in this city. I'm counting the days till this place goes out of business...and it will, here's why;- Disorganized; menu, kitchen, and staff.- Poor customer service.- Consistently poor customer experiences (Most of the 1 star reviews are consistent and accurate, I should have read them before)- Overpriced specialty menu.These people obviously have ZERO clue how to run a kitchen or a business. I don't know if they are out back harvesting the wheat and soybeans for their tofu but seriously, I could have birthed, raised, slaughtered, and cooked a cow in the time it takes them to make a goddamn waffle!We (2 of us) were the 3rd table sat. NO ONE had food. The other two tables had already placed their orders. We placed our order on what appeared to be a menu designed by epileptic 9 yr old with a sever case of Aspergers syndrome (note: As someone w/epilepsy, I find this menu design  VERY insulting).  We attempt to order Tha' Waffle and their  insanely overpriced breakfast burrito. 15 mins later 4th table fills, then eventual the remaining tables slowly fill.  25 mins later the 4th table gets all their food. The 3 original tables are still without. Some polite banter between us the waitress to see what the hold up is and never a clear response.The waitresses are now telling people who are slowly filing in that there is an hour wait and that, "we're closing at 2:00...that will only leave 15 mins, so don't bother waiting." (yes, this is an actual quote)  "They all just came at once" (which is total bullshit, I've been sitting here for over an hour.) At this point it had been an hour SINCE we placed our order. We walked out Went up the street to Omelet house. We were seated, orders placed, and served in 20 mins and spent $20. If I had actually paid for what we order, bill would have been about $32. running a vegetarian or vegan restaurant is not super expensive unless you are a complete f*ing moron.  If I could rate them on a CFM scale, 5 Stars!
1	*le sigh* I really didn't want it to come to this because well, as a vegan there are very few places I can go to eat, but after disappointment after disappointment I'm sorry to say I will not be coming back to Pura Vida any time soon. This was my letter to Chef Mayra after the Titanic x Hindenburg disaster that was their Valentine's Day dinner. "I hate to say it but I am livid and a bit appalled after tonight's Valentine's dinner. We paid $75 for 15 courses; you gave up after 12, and a couple of the courses were thrown & plated together last minute instead of being the separate courses they were advertised as. When you pay for something, you should receive it. Not only were we denied the extra courses, but it took forever to get them - you asked us to come early and that dinner would be served 6-9 PM; the first course wasn't even served until 6:40 PM. We left at 10 PM (we had plans at 9:30 - oh well!) confused as to where the rest of the courses were. There was very little explanation or communication and definitely poor planning. As a vegan I was excited for this opportunity and have eaten at your establishment many times, as well as referred you to others, but this will most likely be my last time. My husband really wanted this year to be special, but it was a huge headache. If you do this next year I hope you severely edit the menu and the prices so everyone leaves satisfied and at the designated time. You knew how many people were coming well in advance and should have had a test run of some sort. The only semblance of apology came from your servers when the food was not being served in the beginning. My husband is now even complaining he's still hungry as we didn't eat earlier in the day to fit this event in! This is one of the worst of not the absolute worst restaurant experiences I have ever been privy to and I hope to never repeat this episode of Vegan Survivor ever again."I appreciate that everything is made ready-to-order, but when you're serving FIFTEEN courses to 40 guests who you asked to arrive early and did actually have a definitive ending time of 9 PM, you have to make sure it goes smoothly which it did not. My husband and I were starved for over an hour before the food started coming. We estimated our time of exit by how "quickly" the food was coming out and it should have ended past midnight! Completely awful. A bunch of people left (and I wish I were one of them), and I'm pretty sure every single person left unsatisfied. This establishment has absolutely 0 business acumen and it is going to hurt them. You don't even have to watch a couple episodes of Kitchen Nightmares to realize Pura Vida is doing it wrong. If you have to come out and explain every menu item as well as feel the need to put pictures of the food in the convoluted menu, as a diner you should run immediately. Now I was going to give Pura Vida the benefit of the doubt since they did email the patrons and offered the rest of the courses, we just had to email & give the time we're coming in. Which my husband did. And apparently he had to confirm back which was not explained whatsoever. So he is currently at Pura Vida waiting for them to make the final meal we will enjoy from there. I sincerely wish Chef Mayra luck (she's going to need it!) but I will not be back. P.S. To the servers - good luck, you were the best part of the place, always trying to make it work when you are as confused as the customer, and I hope she supplies plenty of aspirin for the hourly headaches you have to have from working there.
4	Great food, great vibe.It needs a better location and more hands in the kitchen, but you don't come to rush brunch anyway! and you just can't beat knowing the kitchen doesn't handle meat-I like my breakfast foods without salmonella :)
4	Really good tasty and flavorful meals and I am a non vegan. A must go to restaurant outside of the hyper-activity of the main strip. It's a small place but food come in big portions. Don't be shy about trying this place out.
4	I was a vegetarian for 5 years before I married a T-Rex.  So I was already a fan of vegetarian/vegan food.  The T-Rex has taken some convincing, and Pura Vida helped to convince him!I ordered lime/mint water and chili with empanadas.  The T-Rex ordered grilled cheese with vegan sausage, salad, and Rooiboos iced tea.Everything was soooo good, I'm already craving to go back!  Too bad I'm still full from that lunch.....Oh, wait!  There was so much food, I took some home!  Hooray, supper is already made.I would give this place 5 stars, but the menu is really confusing.  I mean REALLY confusing.  No, like REALLY REALLY confusing.Also, even though it is specialty food, we felt it was overpriced.Bottom line, though:  Ladies, if my T-Rex loved the food here, so will your's.
4	Hi Folks, A friend and I visited the restaurant on a trip to Vegas. The food was outstanding! We were served fresh, original culinary delights that were, not only vibrant and delectable, but had a beautiful visual presentation. A vegan and vegetarian dream! The portions were enormous! Not only did we have a very difficult time selecting from the vast menu, we had a tremendous "doggy bag" to take with us on the road. The staff were simply incredible. Our server was gregarious and friendly. It was as though she invited us "out-of-towners" into her home. She had many suggestions, although, admitted that it was hard for her to select one given her enjoyment of so many--which was understandable from my perspective. Many of the food choices simply depend on your own personal desire and pull to eat certain types of foods at certain times.The owner/culinary creator made an intentional effort to meet us as well. She came to our table not only for feedback but also just as a warm, kind gesture. She asserts that her food is created with love and positive energy. We talked about generally shared interested such as endorsing local farms (for freshness & quality but also to cut back on emissions associate with food delivery as well as to support small, local businesses). These folks are community, wellness, and spiritually conscientious individuals. It was a pleasure to be in their company. Personally, I loved my food and would order it multiple times over. My partner liked but wasn't crazy about the tuna fish salad sandwich he ordered. To me, this is understandable. One's enjoyment of any dish is likely to be based on his/her overall taste preferences and mood to eat certain flavors in the moment. [For instance, I am not a fan of dill or curry.] He was never one to like fish, so to select a vegan, fish alternative, was a surprise to me; it was a bold move. He wanted to try something very new to him. Unfortunately, it may not have been his style. This simply is occasionally the case sometimes when one selects new entrees (or rather what perhaps you may experience when trying a new ethnic type of cuisine that you are not familiar with). Somethings are not for everyone. He love the chili and salad, however, as well as my sandwich. :) I, unfortunately, was unable to try any desserts .I will simply too full. If I visit Las Vegas again, the bistro will certainly be one of my stops. As others have said, it is hard to find establishments such as this. If I were a local, I will probably visit weekly, as there are many original options to try. This was a nice, down-to-earth local cafe that is worth the wait (if there was one!) and will not cost you a fortune. Unlike other folks who posted reviews, we experienced no wait at all. We did go for lunch, however, on a weekday. For their sake, I hope that they have a full house and folks waiting to sample their food and take in the homey atmosphere in the future. Namaste,Sarah
2	Ok, this place was really weird. I wanted to like it, but it's very expensive and kind of confusing.We got there about 10 minutes before the last call for breakfast orders. Our waitress confirmed we'd still be able to order breakfast. She handed us like four menus, explained nearly every item on each one, and almost all of them had a catch (something missing, etc). Then we got a second waitress who took at least 15 minutes to get to us. We were not allowed to order breakfast.The food wasn't bad by any means, but it wasn't anything special.
2	I like to eat at Pura and I bring all my non vegan friends/family all the time... I don't mind the 1 hour wait for the food... I even think the waitresses are nice.   I want to support a restaurant that is cruelty free.But something happened today when i went to eat there... I ordered pancakes, and the table next to me ordered pancakes too.  Now, I was there before that table sat down and ordered.  So i'm waiting very patiently for my food ( i am waiting an hour)  when finally the waitress put my pancakes on my table.  As soon as I was gonna dig in, the other waitress comes and takes it off my table and says it's for the table next to me.  My waitress asked me if I had that same order and i said yes.  She then came back to tell me that since a kid ordered pancakes.. they want to get food out to the kids first.  I just thought that was the stupidest reason ever!!! I was like WTF.  What restaurant does that?  I don't care who ordered pancakes... i ordered first!  I'm grouchy when I'm hungry :)  (Imagine waiting an hour for your food, only to have the table next you who order after you.. get your food)   This just turned me off!!!!!!!!!!!!!I don't know what to say about this incident.  I think I'm going to take a break from Pura for awhile. :(
3	I want SO badly for this place to work. Let's break it down: Pro's: The food is really great. The Chef is passionate about food There is a lot to choose from. Con's The wait - it can take 1+ hours to get a simple dish. I've been on a few occasions and the host has told me that if I called a day or 2 ahead of time I would have got the food faster. The price - for two of us at lunch we paid 56 dollars. That is more than what you'll pay at Wynn. We got 2 lunch specials and an appetizer, no drinks. At Wynn we got 2 appetizers drinks and entrees and paid 60 dollars. Even with the Groupon it was just too expensive for what it is. The service. The staff is very kind, when they come around. It can take a long time to even get a menu. The menu - what would work great here is a fixed menu. Just 2-3 things that the Chef decides on every day. They bring you 3-5 menu's and then have all of these add ons, restrictions and things to let you know. Like "This dish is great, but avocado is not in season so we use something else, and you can't get berries in this dish anymore, but you can get bananas, and you can't get this dish anymore, but the chef made something else up, but we don't remember what it is". I think the Chef is brilliant - so let her be brilliant and offer 2-3 things a day that she loves. Rather than a huge confusing menu that takes hours to get through. The atmosphere. They could easily get away with the eccentricity, weird menu and long waits if the place was really nice inside. It  is definitely a hole in the wall kind of place, plastic thick table cloths and all, which works if it's an inexpensive and fast diner. Like I said - I really want this place to work, and I think it could, but there definitely needs to be some improvements and some price adjusting, I'm still shocked how much we paid for a meal. For that, I'd much rather do something super fancy.
1	This place is pretty awful. The decor is all over the place. Random crap on the ways, pictures of turkeys, bad pics of what I presume is the chefs mom, and a weird slide show on a random monitor. Four or five really unorganized menus that are explained to every detail. Many items are unavailable or don't have all the ingredients. Food takes forever to get to the table and when it did it was cold. I got the tofu scramble which comes with cheesy potatoes, sausage, and random cucumbers.  I have never heard of cucumbers with food that is supposed to be hot. Anyway, as I said before the food arrived cold. The potatoes and sausage were cold and not to mention the sausage tasted like rubber. The hold plate looked like they just threw everything on the plate. No technique and no real concept of an actual meal.  I could only manage a few bites until I had to tell the waitress that the food was cold and quite frankly, not very good. Before taking it back she mentions the window might have made it cold. This shit was cold when it arrived.  I've eaten vegan food plenty of times and this place is no where the other places I've been.  I eat at Native Foods in Southern California often. Their food has never been cold even when I'm actually outside.But I digress, the chef comes out and makes some passive aggressive comment about the window.  Bitch it has nothing to do with the damn window.  She tells me," everyone else loves that meal. Next time I see your face I will make sure I cook your food at a 160 degrees and bring it right out to you." She continues with excuses like I don't know shit about food. She says," we don't use a microwave and the food gets cold at the pass."  A few minutes later she brings my girlfriend's food at and says some other bullshit as she sets it down," let me make sure it's out of the way of the window." It's not the window!! You gave me cold ass food which was also disgusting. The food is all over the place. Well I know I will never be back. The food was shit and as soon as I let them know that I was served bad/cold food the service became bad as well.I wish this place would was chosen for Gordon Ramsey's kitchen nightmares. He is the only who could save that place.I strongly advise against going there.Recap: pretty bad quality, unorganized menus and way too expensive.Just don't go there.
4	I hate food that pretends to be other food. I resent that a lot of vegetarian/vegan cuisine falls back on soy-based meat substitutes when there are so many vegetarian/vegan dishes that stand up on their own flavors. Seriously, stop with the tofurky and celebrate some damn vegetables.I was worried Pura Vida would fall into this trap but I was pleasantly surprised. I had the chili and a banana cinnamon waffle, and both were fantastic. The only thing I didn't like was their service; it was absolute chaos. Our server was extremely friendly, but I feel like the kitchen is run by chefs with no business/commercial management experience. I'm not trying to say they should turn into an Applebee's; they make great food, but perhaps they need someone more well versed in high(er) volume prep, inventory control, etc.
4	Wow Nelly!!  This was my THIRD attempt to get in (and I don't live anywhere near this location).  The reason I didn't rank it a glowing 5 stars (which it deserves based on food) was because I drove 30 minutes there twice and they were full and it was a huge wait time, so we left.  I wish they had a larger place in a more convienant neighborhood, it's kind of a strange area.  It is very small, no fancy bells and whistles, but the food and service are tremendously AWESOME!  Our waitress was incredibly helpful, being the tea snob that I am, after asking her if the iced tea was brewed, she offered to give us samples of the three flavors.  Personally, I didn't care for them, but I was pleasantly surpised by the gesture.The corn chips and bean salsa was UH___MAZING!!! I actually ordered a pint of that junk to roll around in when I got home. Sooo good!!  Everything is Vegan, and what we got was Gluten Free too.  I will definitely go back, and they seem to post groupons quite often, so check there for good discounts.  I was happy & full, & excited. :)Also, everything is organic (which is incredibly important to me), so the fruits and veggies are seasonal and change - FARM FRESH people.  There are quite a few things that I wanted to try, but needed to be phoned in before-hand (GF items & pastries).  So take a gander at their menu first to see what you might like. And make sure they're open, they have finiky hours or operation.  Don't go if you're in a rush because perfection takes a while. :D
5	Love love LOVE this place!!The majority of my diet is vegan. Well...."whole food plant based." There is not any vegan places closer to me, but this one is about 15 minutes away. And I'm so thrilled I finally tried this place!Vegan is very hard to do...and a lot of people veer from it because some people don't know how to cook vegan or make it taste great. Chef Mayra is an amazing cook and has such an awesome variety on her menu. Everything is made to order and fresh for that day. I went here with a friend on Saturday morning for brunch. We had - Pura Vida Empanadas - filled with vegan meat, cheese and veggies. I don't even know what the cream sauce was on top...but it was delicious. All very good flavoring with Pico de Galo on the side. Course 3 brunch sampler- fruit empanadas, tofu scramble, chili potatoes, soy sausages & pancakes with bananas. The Chili potatoes are amazing. She uses yams in a lot of her cooking too, which I love. The wheat pancakes are awesome too. I also had the infused water - Apple Orange kiss of Mango water. Loved it and so refreshing!The staff is awesome and friendly...as well as the people in the restaurant. It's just one of those "good vibe" type of places. Everything was SO good. I cannot wait to go back for more breakfast and lunch items. The Northwest side is DYING for a place like this. I would be eating out all of the time...so maybe it's a good thing there isn't one too close to me.
3	I'm a vegan and have patience because I know what it takes to make a fresh vegan meal. My boyfriend on the other hand isn't. All the food is great, but it takes about an hour to be served your main course. They do advise you to get an appetizer. It is always crowded. Last time I went, we  got the last table and there was still a line when we left an hour and a half later. If you're alone, bring a book!
5	Best breakfast in town .. Vegan or otherwise. Amazing chocolate waffles !! Delicious pancakes with your choice of fruit inside !! Try the delicious Chili Fries as an appetizerEverything we have had is yummy !! The Quesadillas, Empanadas ... & the people are so nice .. it can get packed so reservations are recommended as I have seen them turn people away  People have complained that it takes too long to be served here but that is cuz they are making fresh food & making it with care & Love !! They are also very honest about how long it'll take & can help you order something quick if you are in a rush .. it is well worth the wait (& only when they get really busy !!) Our fast foor culture should learn to appreciate good food againThis is my 2nd review as last time I had only tried the desserts which are so yummy !!
5	I went here for Sunday brunch with a friend of mine. I called the day before and made a reservation for two and said one of us would be having the gluten free frenchie. I received a very lovely call the following morning from the chef herself. She said she was delighted to have us try her restaurant, and she will have all the ingredients ready so that way when we arrive she can start cooking. I was touched to receive such a friendly call. When we arrived, the chef came out and greeted us and took my friend's order. Our waiter was friendly, and she was checking in enough to make sure our water glasses were full but not overly doing it either. Our food took some time to cook, but I didn't mind because I knew everything was fresh and being cooked to our requests. When the food came out, Mayra stopped by and asked how I liked it. The french was amazing. It was the first time I had gluten free french toast outside my own home. It was sweet but not overly so. The presentation on my plate was wonderful with orange and banana slices. I loved the mixed fruit syrup in addition to the regular syrup.My friend ordered a short stack of pancakes with the berry syrup. The short stack was huge and she only ate half. I cannot wait to try the pancakes the next time I go here. Overall, it was an excellent choice for Sunday brunch. The service is personal and great. The food is excellent. I am already making plans to eat here next month!
1	Here's a list of things I could hypothetically do in the amount of time it takes Pura Vida to make lunch:- Read a few books on the subject of restaurant ownership- Build an organic  farm in my backyard- Grow an entire crop of fruits and vegetables- Learn to cook an entire menu's worth of vegetarian recipes- Get a restaurant business license- Get a small business loan and lease a suitable property- Grow a full, luxurious beardI had a lunch reservation at 1:45. At 2:30 they called me up to tell me that they could not have my food ready until 3:15. I ordered a quesadilla and some soup, not The Great Pyramids of Egypt. Instead of apologizing for wasting my time, the chef immediately got defensive and indignant with me. The whole restaurant got to watch a soap opera moment unfold as she blamed her employee for poor time management, then she blamed me for not being flexible. Dinner and a show! I do not recommend you to go to Pura Vida Bakery & Bystro.
4	I would never have entertained thoughts of dining at this very modest appearing vegetarian restaurant, located in a sketchy section of downtown, except for its many favorable reviews.  My wife ordered a Latin Tude (a burrito filled with black beans, refried beans, vegan cheese, onions, garlic, tomatoes, roasted potatoes with poblano peppers) while I chose, being a romantic, the My Love (2 burrito's with sun dried tomatoes, Cuban black beans, vegan cheese, spinach, roasted garlic potatoes and peppers).  We were told the food would take 30 minutes to prepare and were encouraged to have an appetizer.  In retrospect, I am glad we didn't because each of our dishes could have, should have, been shared.  Both were beautifully plated and delicious, but we ended up taking half of each with us.  Prices are relatively high, but so is the quality.
5	My sister and I are on a dairy free diet and it's hard to find places to go with a huge selection of dairy free menu options.  This is a vegan restaurant so we can eat anything on the menu and the food is amazing!  You do have to wait a while for your food to be prepared, but it's well worth the wait!  Chef Myra personally comes out and delivers your food.
1	would of been a decent experience if chef mayra stayed in kitchen. we had groupon and couldn't convince our men to come. so we called in advance and made reservations. took a cab to the outskirts of Vegas down by train tracks bridges. slums.we go in and see about 10 tables. reservations for this? the waitress acted scared about us having 2 groupons ( 10. 0ff 20.00). A FEW mins later the chef came out and caused a scene about how she is a small business owner and can't afford to give  out free food. explained we had called and would of cancelled groupons and we spent  Alot of money just to get here. she looked real hateful to waitess  i thought she may beat her. so i told chef it wasn't her fault. now Im angry because everyone is starring and Im not on welfare. my friend said we are going way over groupon.they spent over 30.00 over groupon making lunch for 2@ 50.00. no way is that free. menu... we 1st ordered frozen coffee drinks. it was out of service along with smoothies. ok. then i ordered Glutten free pancakes and was told i would have had to order those when i made reservations because it takes time for her to make batter. come on who knows a menu and preorders pancakes? i ordered Glutten free quesadillas.they were ok but now Im totally upset about the whole situation and know  Im going to wait at least 45 mins for them. to the manager*... if you want your slum location holein the wall to make it... then step up your menu... have available what is on your menu(accommodate your patrons) and never come out and complain about your groupons that you offer. my sister sent my groupon to me as a gift, meaning you could buy a additional groupon.never treat your guests as they are welfare recipients. I've never been treated like that from any groupon. 50.00 for lunch is not free. 10 tables and you still can't make some batter. really?  reservations ha! i wished i would have took a picture to post for what this Bipolar chef is wanting reservations for. save your money and go somewhere else. F-
3	I haven't been to Pura Vida in quite a while and based on the more recent reviews, service has gone considerably downhill.  It seems that most of these issues are related to wait times, stress out chef/staff, and the price of the food.  Honestly, as much as I love a discount, I think the groupons were a HUGE mistake for chef Mayra and Pura Vida.  She had a thriving, successful small restaurant before offering groupons and I really don't how it has benefited her business.  I had heard that they were extremely busy all the time, and that the wait for food was even worse than it had been.  I am using my groupon tomorrow to pick up a to-go order, which I placed today (that was a first).  I can deal with that, so long as my order is ready to be picked up at the arranged time.  It really saddens me that Pura Vida got caught up in bringing in more and more people via groupon.  The space is simply not large enough to accommodate the kind of numbers a groupon deal will attract.  This used to be one of my favorite places because it was all vegan, quaint, the prices were reasonable for the amount of food served, and the chef and staff always made us feel welcome.  I truly hope Pura Vida remembers why its patrons loved it so much, and return to their roots, asap.  p.s.  My rating may change depending on how it goes tomorrow.*UPDATE*  So, my food was ready, exactly as requested when I came to pick it up.  The food was hot and delicious (as always).  I am not sure about dining in at Pura Vida until they get a better handle on the wait times, but as long as you have an idea of what you want, calling in for pick-up is definitely an option.
1	I haven't even been to this place to eat yet because I can't even get a reservation!!  I have tried using my Groupon and tried making a reservation, but they don't even have reservations available on certain days or at certain times that would work for my schedule and theirs.  Plus, I have been put on hold for over 15min. one time waiting to get a reservation for the next day since they didn't have availability.  So, I hung up and then tried calling back just to get the answering machine.  The person that answers the phone is the owner.  Tried to call again today and make a reservation and they had NO availability.Asked her to honor my Groupon when they had a reservation I could make & she blamed Groupon and said she would not be able to honor it for me (only what I paid for it $10, but not the discounted portion full $20).  Really??  Over $10, you can't accommodate someone that is trying to make a reservation that can't get in and has never been to your restaurant?  Then, she tells me I can walk in today??  Really!!? I told her but your Groupon says that I have to make a reservation!  Thanks for telling me that ahead of time.  WOW WOW WOW!  Not a place for me, so I have contacted Groupon to help me out because I don't want to every step foot in a ridiculous place like this.  If you can't handle the Groupon load, you have no business advertising through Groupon! PS to the Restaurant:  A lot of Groupon people are also YELPERS, so I would be a little more accommodating to those that review your restaurant! Very disappointed customer, so shall I say... didn't even get that far!  :(
4	Ah man! I have been meaning to make it to Pura Vida since it opened, but finally it was a Groupon that lead me through the door. The food is amazing and the presentation beautiful! Complete detail placed upon every dish; each divine meal being its' own little piece of heavenly art. Even my carnivore friend loved the grub and discussed how Pura will be a regular stop on our weekly lunch outings.I can only rate this cafe' as a 4 because all of the comments about: groupons, reservations, appetizers, abrupt chatter from staff, weird decor, limited menu, avocados and bananas are true. But as far as I'm concerned, the quality of the food outweighs the negativity.The dining area could be spiffied up a bit and DON'T go there if you are in a rush. They REALLY need to get more kitchen help, a hostess and a more cohesive website. Although the server was sweet, she could only bring out the food as swiftly as it was prepared. Clearly Chef Myra is a perfectionist, but delegating to competent staff would really help to grow and solidify this business to a needy base of health-concious locals (who can't spend more than an hour and a half on a work day lunch hour). The time and reservation issues need to be resolved, as it is ridiculous to expect that patrons should wait that long, even if the food is amazing. The prices are very high, but the servings are large and oh so YUMMILICIOUS! Pura Vida is totally worth the money, but they need major improvement on the wait issue. Hopefully they will get that worked out before turning too many people off.
3	After only one visit, I already have a love/hate relationship with this place.I'll tell you what I hate: the wait! The company's website encourages ordering ahead, and other reviewers warned of half hour wait times. Still, nothing could have prepared me to showing up for brunch, being handed 1 menu for our party of 2, and being told it would be at least 15 minutes before we could even have our order TAKEN. After finally ordering, we waited an additional HOUR AND 15 MINUTES for our food to arrive. Meanwhile, other tables who had only been there 30-40 minutes started to receive their orders. Luckily, our poor, over-worked server could not have been more of a saint, and she visibly looked pained every time she'd have to tell us that we'd have to wait "just a bit longer." Eventually, the Chef had to come out and apologize. Apparently she had re-arranged the tickets, and ours kept getting pushed back in the mix. She wound up comping our bill, which left me feeling less cranky about the horrendous wait time.But, enough about that--- here's what I love: the food. Dear lord, it was amazing. Here's a list of a few things we ordered, and my thoughts on them:-The Chili: Amazing! It had this lovely balance of sweetness (thanks to succulent chucks of yam) and spice (peppers, I presume). Easily, it was the best chili I've ever had in my life.-The Side Salad: Huge. Easily a side salad for 2. Loved the surprising, fresh ingredients, like sliced oranges. We had the creamy garlic dressing, and it was quite tasty without being over-powering.-The Latintude Burrito: Massive. Soyrizo is my favorite, and this one had just the right amount. The Vegan cheese was super convincing, and my taste buds couldn't tell the difference. I loved that the burrito was nicely grilled, making the tortilla crispy and delicious! Despite being packed to the brim, I think this is the 1st burrito I've ever had that didn't fall apart/turn to mush.-The Empanadas: Crust was flaky and golden. The contents were a little too creamy for my liking. With everything mixed/blended together, I had a hard time making out individual ingredients. I can't even tell you what was in it. The boyfriend loved it though. So, there were things I loved and things I hated about this place. Would I ever dine there again? Never. Though, I can certainly say I might place an order for pick up.
4	Walking in here was an immediate throwback to food adventures in Portland, OR. It's got that indie vibe, with the vegan thinking going. Very Portland[ia]. I like it.Right off the bat we were told that basically we'd be waiting half an hour for food. This is pretty much addressing the complaint most people had - the prolonged period of time to get food or service. It's somewhat true, but we actually got our food in reasonable time. Also, apparently we were supposed to make a reservation. Whatever. One more thing: the kitchen. That place is busy. Chef Mayra might know how to make good vegan food, but running a kitchen... it was looking stressful and a little angry back there.I tried the cinnamon walnut French toast (topped with apples and bananas) with the tofu scramble (tasted like it belonged with chili) on the side as well as the empanadas (honestly most people would be hard pressed to figure out they're vegan) with chili (strangely sweet). Both were presented artfully, and both were very delicious. Very high quality food is served here. I can't imagine any way that anyone, vegan or not, would think otherwise. Flavorful and delicious. I will say the French toast was extremely sweet, though. This isn't uncommon.Initially I thought, "wow, this place is ridiculously expensive," but after eating I think it was almost worth it. Almost. It's still expensive ($14-17/dish) and out of the way for most people. The place is pretty downscale and yeah, sure, that's "indie" but they can do better. I've also made quite a bit of vegan food and I know it isn't that expensive to make vegan pancakes over regular ones.Even with that said, I'll be coming back for sure. I think their food is great and their menu is worth sampling over and over again. We need more of this.
3	I'm conflicted about how many stars to give Pura Vida. On the one hand, it's fantastic that they make all cruelty-free food, and the meal I had there was extremely delicious. However, I also had to wait almost two hours for said meal. The waitress was very friendly and apologetic, but that didn't diminish my hunger pangs.
3	I'm with others-- I have kind of a love-hate feeling about this place. I was really torn about how to rate it, so here goes.The good: I went with 3 other people and all of us LOVED our food-- even though I was the only vegan. I ordered the chocolate pancakes, my husband got the PB and banana stuffed pancakes, my friend got some other type of pancake, and my other friend got the french toast. The servings were HUGE, as in, I could have easily shared with someone and we would have both been full. I ate less than half of my meal, as it came with 4 or 5 very large pancakes. If you are going to have pancakes or french toast and don't tend to have a monstrous appetite, I would recommend ordering with the syrup on the side so that you can take a to-go box. Ours were pre-syruped, so they would have gotten soggy if we would have tried to take our leftovers. If I was rating this restaurant just on my food that I ordered, it would be 5 stars. Delicious.The bad:1) Menu selection: This is one of those vegan restaurants that is able to be vegan because they use lots of fake meats, fake cheese,  and soy. If you are soy sensitive or trying to avoid soy (or just don't like the fake meats and fake cheeses), you may have a hard time finding something to eat unless you are there for breakfast. 2) The wait: HOLY COW. Unreasonable doesn't even begin to cover it. I called about an hour ahead and we were seated immediately when we got there (there were about 3 or 4 empty tables left, which is a lot given how small this place it), but waited literally an hour and 20 minutes for our food. They told us it would be 45 minutes and asked if we wanted a snack while we waited. My friend ordered a fruit plate, and that took 35 minutes to come out (yes, we were timing it). It was obvious that the fruit was pre-cut (the apples had that browning around the edges from sitting after being cut), so why on earth it took 35 minutes to throw some fruit onto a bowl is beyond me.  Also, 3 of our meals were done about 15-20 minutes ahead of the 4th, so we were almost done eating by the time the last person at our table got his food. 3) The coffee: This is a little thing, but the coffee was WAY too strong (or had been sitting for SEVERAL hours, which I don't think is even possible given that we were there at 11:30 am). My friend ordered the coffee and used 3 servings of creamer, and it was still too strong to drink. We all tried it and agreed on this. 4) Don't judge this place by its location or its exterior. It looks very shady, with bars on the windows in a neighborhood that is obviously less than desirable. My friends were clearly nervous when we pulled up to the building.
4	Healthy, vegan, gluten free food options.  Atmosphere is a homely mom-and-pop restaurant nestled in the industrial downtown area.  Warning: Call ahead to RSVP & request sweet breakfast entrees in a gluten free option. The food is worth the wait.
1	My friend and I came here for the first (and probably last) time because I saw a groupon and thought it would be cool to try some Vegan food.  The place is very small and almost looks like it's from a movie taking place in old Mexico, from the outside, but that's beside the point.  We entered with open minds.  Upon seeing the inside of the restaurant we noticed the entire place had about 10 tables, most of which were 2-tops, and I wondered why a reservation was required.  A woman at the register seated us with no mention of  a reservation, so I didn't worry about it.While we were looking over the menu, this very tall, overbearing Latin woman in chef-type attire came to the table next to us with a man dressed also as a chef.  It took a minute for me to realize that she was the owner/head chef reprimanding the other chef for his portion size using the 2 customers as living examples, IN FRONT OF the customers, WHILE they were eating the food!!! Very strange and uncomfortable for the customers, and unprofessional in general.I ordered a wrap that said it should come with either chili or a side salad or soup but was told there is no soup so I was instead offered a fruit salad.  This came first and although the variety of fruits on top and the portion size looked very good, I soon realized that all the apple slices at the bottom were bitter from aging.  So I left the whole bottom of the fruit plate untouched.After about 40 min. from ordering, and watching the head chef woman walk around all over the place but not in the kitchen, we asked the server if the food was almost ready.  She THEN explained that due to "macro cooking" processes, they cook at a super low heat and it takes longer than a regular restaurant.  Would have appreciated knowing that BEFORE we ordered.  Maybe we would have gotten a quick  appetizer or something.  Anyway, a few minutes later our entrees finally came out.  My wrap ended up looking different than I expected, with the "tomato slices" being 2 tiny pcs of tomato as a garnish, rather than inside my wrap as the description made it sound.  But it tasted good and I was hungry so that was fine.My friend had ordered basically a veggie sandwich with garlic and peppers.  What she got was a glorified grilled cheese sandwich.  We brought it up to the server who seemed confused and went to the kitchen to verify what she had told them.  Then she went to the chef to ask.  (Why didn't one of the only 2 servers in the place know what the menu item was supposed to consist of?)  Then the chef comes over and proceeds to give a laundry list of excuses as to why the food was WAAAAAY different than described in the menu.  She says there's a disclaimer at the bottom that we missed stating something about chef changing menu items as she sees fit, that she hadn't been happy with the integrity of the sandwich as it was or something, that she had a new baker whose bread was now 2x the size so we got a great value, that the sandwich actually does have tomatoes as promised (though they were just 2 little slices on the side), that my friend was confused and should've ordered a different item if that's what she wanted.  Then, after forcing excuses on us in her overbearing way, for like 5 minutes, she asks "but is everything good?  Does it all taste ok?".  It was so awkward.  So my friend and I both said everything was fine to get this very tall, overpowering woman away from us.  Both of us agreed the food tasted just fine, but was misrepresented.  I think if nothing else had been different, at least the simple paper menus in plastic sleeves could've been retyped to reflect that certain menu items were COMPLETELY different than described.  The customer service by chef/owner woman was terrible, and by the servers was just ok.  I feel that the people here put out the minimum amt of effort possible until you ask questions (that you dont' know you should have to ask) and then when an issue comes up, it's like it's the customer's fault.  No apology or discount was offered to rectify my friend's meal.  So we will probably never go back and spread this info to everyone we know who may be interested in Vegan food.  I'm sure there are other better places out here in Vegas.
4	If you are looking for innovative vegan food, friendly service and casual and a welcoming atmosphere, this is your place. Yeah, the location is perhaps a bit odd but it only adds to the charm. Portions are large and the food is pretty rich. They take pride in their creations and it didn't seem like substitutions / changes to dishes were very welcome at all.
1	Very poor customer service!Went to try with the family after hearing a lot of good things about the food.  We arrived exactly an hour before they closed and after waiting a few minutes(although we were seen by employees upon entry) at the front were asked if we had a reservation by someone running helplessly back and forth behind the counter.  We replied  that we did not and she stated that they would not be able to serve us then because they were " way backed up and would be closing in a few minutes" (even though we were there an hour before listed closing and there were at least five tables open).  We advised the lady that we had a Groupon that was expiring that day and maybe we could use it for take out or at least the bakery.  She declined but did inform us that THEY would still allow us to use it for the original value we paid.  I told her that this was Groupon's policy already and not the restaurants and she just shrugged and said "sorry".This poor example of customer service unfortunately cannot change my mind about this place no matter how good the food is supposed to be.  If this is how this establishment chooses to operate they shouldn't be in the sit down restaurant business.  Because of this experience, I will be sure to STRONGLY ADVISE AGAINST ANYONE TRYING THIS PLACE.
3	I thought my meal was tasty.  But, it was french toast, so you can't really fuck that up. It's almost impossible.  My companion said she didn't enjoy what she ordered.They were also out of many things because they aren't "seasonal."  The wait was horrendous.  Definitely don't visit if you want to get in/out w/in an hour, because you'll be waiting that hour just to get your food.
2	I had second thought upon arrival, but we were in Vegas for the first time and a vegan place is hard find in town.Upon ordering, we were warned that groupons will not be accepted due to some holidays. And it wasn't a holiday that we were aware of! The menu was unorganized and ridiculously expensive; $14-17/dish. The place is pretty downscale. IWe ordered our breakfast and had it for lunch! The wait was absolutely crazy! We were told if you called in advance then food will be ready "earlier". Definitely don't visit if you want to get in/out w/in an hour, because you'll be waiting that hour just to get your food
5	Amazing food. Truly amazing. I'm a really good vegan chef and I'm not the easiest to please when it comes to vegan food. I loved it. My husband loved it.You have to make a reservation to get in. Many yelpers have complained about wait time or being turned away - but this just a place that requires a reservation. Get over it.We made a reservation, we were warmly greeted by the chef as we entered - as if we were in her home and she had been busy cooking for us in advance. The prices seemed high on the menu - but once we got our food, we realized the prices were perfect for the HUGE size meals we got. My husband and I shared two meals with our two small kids and still took home enough food to SHARE for dinner that night.I really HAVE to go back to try some of the sweeter options on the menu. We had more savory lunch items this time - and i don't think i've ever had better food at a restaurant - ever....As for the Groupons - you have to read the fine print on those things. A shop owner makes just about nothing off the sale of a Groupon - so cut em' some slack. Wait time for your meal is around 30 minutes - more or less. Expect that. But once you get your food - you'll forget about how long it took and realize it was custom made for you and it is amazing.
4	We tried Pura Vida a couple weeks ago and the food was fantastic!!!!! The chef has truly mastered an incredibly flavorful vegan menu. We had the chocolate french toast and a combination special which was the best breakfast I have had in years. We also had the flavored water (a mandarin one and a lime/mint one) which I immediately wanted to run home and try to make.While it does take a while to get your food, we didn't mind as we weren't in a hurry. It felt worth it to have the meal. The buidling is quirky/downtown/unique which adds to the experience. It's a bit dirty but we got over it.Our waitress had a ton of spirit and spent a significant time amount of time walking us through the menu. She was so excited about where she worked and you could really tell she cared about her job. While I am somewhat antisocial, I would normally have been annoyed by this but she was really helpful and I really appreciated her passion for the food and service. The reason for the star substraction is at one point it appeared the chef was disciplining or ridculing the waitress. I am not sure what the issue was but I sensed it was because she may have been in the weeds. If the chef had a concern she should do it out of sight of the customers. Since I had grown especially fond of the amount of time the server spent with us, I really didn't appreciate seeing the chef come down on her. It's not good practice to punish employees in sight of her customers who take the time to passionately sell her food.The mulitple menus are pretty disorganized and somewhat hard to follow but, again, it adds to the quirky experience if you have a server help to walk you through it. It certainly seems this could be organized better if you want to create a more efficient ordering experience.Overall the food is amazing so I gave it four stars but there is room for improvement.
1	Reviews say that you wait a long time here for your food; We didn't even get any food!After the waitress seated my wife and I at the one decently lit free table, and we were ready to order, Mayra decided that a party of three which had just entered deserved our table more than we did and told us that we were sitting at the "wrong table", and demanded we move.   Now if she had said, please, or, excuse me, or sorry, or do you mind, we would have cooperated.   But there was no reason that the threesome, (which turned out to be there for take-away and NOT for a table)  should have had priority over us.  When I told Mayra that we would rather leave, she pointedly replied that this was a community restaurant, implying that our behavior was inappropriate.  So we got up to leave.   At that point someone told Mayra that the threesome was there for take-away, which should have been her cue to apologize to us, offer us a free drink, and invite us to be seated, but nooooooo.So we left.
5	Items ordered:Trader Joes Organic CoffeeChocolate Chip Banana BreadFrench Toast with Cocoa drizzle, syrup, bananasChocolate Waffle with Bananas, Chocolate Chips, SyrupApple Cinnamon Bread Pudding in Cider SauceI am neither vegan nor vegetarian and the concept of tofu made into meat-like-product generally disgusts me, but with that said I do harbor a soft spot for high quality baked goods and breakfasts - vegan, veg, or otherwise - and perhaps as a result of limited ingredients and a need to innovate or perhaps simply because they use a lot of sugar, great produce, and top notch chocolate and maple syrup my experience over the course of much time and many cities has shown me that restaurants eschewing meats (and sometimes even butter and eggs) tend to produce some really excellent sweets; a fact that led me to Pura Vida for breakfast on Christmas Eve 2012.Small, well off the strip, and homey/shabby in a pleasant way that is entirely anti-Vegas Chef Mayra's Pura Vida Bakery and Bystro is billed as "Las Vegas' First & Only 100% Cruelty Free Restaurant!" and with only one server plus Mayra herself running the small space it is certainly not a place to go for a quick bite as wait times for one of the twenty or so seats can top an hour and each dish can take up to an hour to emerge from the kitchen but those with patience (or time to spare) will certainly be rewarded with what I personally consider the best Vegan food I've ever tasted - and perhaps the best breakfast in Las Vegas outside of Bouchon.Setting aside the anti-meat propaganda (an interesting way to spend your wait time) and focusing solely on the food and service every aspect of my nearly ninety minutes at Pura Vida was excellent - an appetizer of dense banana bread that was easily 50% banana coming first followed by three dishes emerging from the kitchen as they were prepared; the French Toast a bit less custardy than I generally prefer but light and not overly sweet while the chocolate waffle took an entirely different route by arriving entirely over the top; a crispy chocolate disc topped with dark chocolate, perfect bananas, and resting in a pool of maple syrup - a must order, but perhaps something best shared as it ranks amongst the most decadent breakfast dishes I've ever tasted.Truly impressive and not only worth the reservation (or wait time) but also the hassle of getting there from The Strip Pura Vida is a restaurant that stands up for what it believes in and does those things very well.  While Veganism may not be a lifestyle for everyone I'm confident to say that Mayra could satisfy any palate if given the chance while the small staff does everything they can for each guest, even going so far as to plate my bread pudding because she noticed I was taking pictures before boxing it up to go, the dense cinnamon bread soaked through with spicy cider and skin-on apple compote proving a perfect dessert after Lotus of Siam that afternoon.
5	This is the best food I've had in a while. It's just a bonus that its vegan and organic! Sooooooo good! I had the French toast with apples on them and they were fabulous!
5	Visiting Vegas from Canada, Pura Vida was on my list of must visits and I am glad I did. Despite some bad reviews on their Yelp page and a few warnings regarding these reviews, Chef Mayra and the staff of Pura Vida did not disappoint. The food was incredible. People need to realize that this is not a fast food restaurant but a sit down joint with food that is fresh, flavorful and personally prepared with extreme care and love. The staff was extremely kind, fun and welcoming. They took all care to make sure we were comfortable and happy, giving free small samples of their drinks and just conversing with the customers. The restaurant is also extremely clean and well laid out with lots of vegan friendly decor including photos of adopted turkeys from Farm Sanctuary, vegan pamphlets from Vegan Outreach, magazines and more. The food also did not disappoint. My husband and friend got the quesadilla which showed up on a massive plate, piled high and truly a Mexican lovers delight. I ordered the eggless salad sandwich and that also did not disappoint. It was loaded with veggies and stacked really high and came with an amazing fruit salad and drink. We also got to witness where the bad reviews have come from. People coming in with attitudes expecting their food to be there as soon as they order. Thank you Chef Mayra and all the staff at Pura Vida for the amazing meal and experience.
4	VEGAN-SCHMEGAN - It's delicious!I had breakfast at this little joint two Fridays in a row. Suzy H. is a fan, so I know it's got to be good. For my first visit, I was wowed by the vegan marble waffle, which was covered with strawberries, bananas, chocolate chips, and chocolate sauce--this is vegan?  Sign me up!  The dish came with a side of tofu scramble, but just too much food for me to eat alone.  I ate half the waffle and two bites of the scramble.   Along with breakfast burritos made with veggies, vegan cheese, tofu, etc., the menu for breakfast is also loaded with a lot of sweet stuff, which was surprising to me.  Among other things, there is French Toast, short stacks of pancakes, waffles,  and dark choco waffles, many of the dishes served with fresh fruit.  This is a tiny place and it feels like being in Chef Mayra's kitchen, really.  She's the half Lebanese/half Cuban/ vegan cheerleader/owner/chef and this is her little kingdom. And, it is a small space--if you want to dine here with a party of five or more, you should call to reserve a table.  Chef Mayra is a warm, friendly soul who greeted us and also served us our meals and chatted for a bit.  My second visit, I went with the Sexy Short Stack, pancakes made with organic flour, cinnamon, vanilla and banana with vegan maple syrup to drizzle over it.  This serving was more realistic for one person to finish and I almost did-hah!  Give this place a try for some healthy food made with love served by a chef who champions the vegan cause, but also just wants you to have a wonderful culinary experience every time.
5	Superb vegan fusion food. The chef really make you feel valued too.
2	This vegan restaurant is still located in a less than desirable section of town and the furnishings are second hand store quality, but we were here for the food. Our server again attempted to up sell us on an appetizer, but we learned from past experience that the quantity of food served is too much for us.My wife ordered the Sexy short stack  - organic flour pancakes made with cinnamon & real vanilla. It was billed as having vegan maple syrup whatever that is plus lots of seasonal fruit which turned out to be over ripe bananas.  I fared no better with Tha' Waffle - a big waffle that I upgraded with seasonal fruit (same overripe  bananas) and a dollop of whipped cream for $1 - heavy and tasteless. Both the server and kitchen were on "don't worry, be happy" time, so it took awhile for our orders to arrive. Prices are high and this meal proved to be disappointing on several levels.
5	This place scores high marks from me because of the staff, the head chef and the food. I dined here twice during a recent trip to vegas and found the food delicious. Also after my second visit, I was waiting an eternity for a cab to arrive to take me somewhere, and even though they were then closed for the day Chef Mayra let me hang out inside, poured me some water and made me feel welcome.The menu could be a little easier to understand, but the home-like charm was part of the allure of this place.
5	Make this the ONLY place to eat whenever in Vegas. First, Mayra is ethically driven which made the experience that much more memorable. They adopt animals and are environmentally correct. She doesn't use any animal products in her cooking. I know whoever eats there will have an awakening and lively reality that eating without animal products is the way to go. Eat to live, not live to eat. Animal products cause cancer and numerous other ailments. Remove these products and you'll feel amazing. Now, back to Pura Vida...I haven't had better food anywhere. The flavors she is able to develop are unmatched and inventive. I ate there on July 2nd, twice! I had a berry kisses smoothie, chili cheese potatoes, and the latin'tude. Beautiful presentation and out of this world flavors. I hope she opens a restaurant in Los Angeles, until then, I'll go to Vegas just for the deliciousness. I appreciate your passion and non-traditional culinary expertise. Thanks Mayra! -Ryan CFT, plant based nutritionist
4	Pura Vida is a pleasant surprise. If you choose to dine here, be aware that there is only one chef/cook. Your meals may take some time, but it's worth it. With this in mind, they will only seat as many people as their chef can handle. Yes, there may be tables outside, but they won't really serve out there if the restaurant is full inside. While you wait for your food, I hope you brought some company that can engage in great conversations. Your best bet is to make a reservation and even order your food beforehand. Since they try to use local and fresh ingredients, their menu may be limited at times. I hope you're understanding and not all stuck up about this. I can appreciate Pura Vida's ideology of an old school restaurant supporting our local community. And I can definitely appreciate fresh ingredients.With that being said, you'll definitely enjoy the food. They can be a little on the pricier side, but the portions are big. It's worth it. To my surprise, the chili was awesome! Quite spicy, but awesome. All-in-all, Pura Vida is a great place to experience. Just enjoy the company you have and the food you'll eat. Namaste.
5	This is now our go to place for delicious organic/vegan delectable food!  Don't let the bakery part of the name throw you!  This is much more than a bakery!  Las Vegas is seriously lacking Vegan/Organic places and this is the place to go if you are looking for that!  Five stars all the way!
1	I have been eating at Pura Vida since they initially opened. As a matter of fact, I have been a customer of Chef Mayra's since BEFORE this restaurant opened-- my father hired her to bake me a vegan cake for my 21st birthday.In terms of Pura Vida, the food at this establishment has been consistently good. Yes, the wait is long; yes, the menus are all over the place; yes, the place is run in a discombobulated fashion; yes, sometimes the staff is short with customers. But the food has always been tasty. My visit earlier today, though, will mark the last time that I patronize them. Ever. Please read of my experience below:My friend and I walked in around 11AM and were briskly told to "read the sign!" Looking around, we were unsure of what sign to read. When it was pointed out to us, it stated plainly that no Groupons would be accepted this weekend following the 4th of July, and that if we have a Groupon we can come back tomorrow. [This immediately gave me a flashback to Father's Day weekend '13 when I came in with a different friend and, upon attempting to redeem her Groupon, were told that they would not accept it due to the holiday weekend. Even though it expired that weekend, and no where on the Groupon did it say that it was void on holiday weekends]. Continuing on... Not having a Groupon on this visit, my friend and I didn't worry about the sign. We were then asked, rather shortly, "So do you still want to eat here?!" I could barely get the 'yes' out of my mouth before we were then asked, "Well, do you have a reservation?!" Having not EVER made a reservation, save for Mother's Day '13, I said 'no'. We were then met, pretty much, with a, "Let me see if we have room for you". Thankfully, after a brief time, we were seated. Upon choosing our meals, our orders were taken. I decided on 'Tha Frenchie', which is a french toast dish with syrup, bananas, fresh berries [when they are in season], and "A DRIZZLING" of chocolate syrup. Having ordered this dish on Mother's Day and not able to eat more than two bites because it was absolutely DRENCHED in chocolate syrup [and had no berries, since they were not in season], I politely asked three questions this time: 1) Are berries in season? (yes) 2) So there will be berries on my french toast? (yes) 3) Can I please order the dish with no chocolate syrup? (yes)After some great conversation with my friend, our meals arrived. My french toast had no chocolate syrup on it, but neither did it have any berries. Before the waitress walked away I said, "Oh! It looks like the berries are missing. May I please have my berries?" to which she replied, "Let me check".Puzzled by this response, my friend and I exchanged looks.Chef Mayra, the owner, then walked abrasively up to our table and lectured me on how my choosing to get no chocolate syrup messed up the flavor profile and, essentially, how dare I think that I could further ruin the flavor profile by enjoying berries on the dish with no chocolate syrup (?). It really made no sense at all, so I then said, "Well, the menu says that the dish comes with fresh berries...I just didn't want the chocolate..." Chef Mayra then continued and stated that I am "lucky" that she is here today, else her chefs would not have even altered her "Signature Dish" to the extent of not putting chocolate syrup on it because they are trained to not alter the Signature Dishes. Oh, but this is a special day--- so she then handed me one large strawberry, sliced up on a plate. "Here is your berry this time. But we won't be able to do this next time".Wow. I felt like that was a huge slap in the face. And the whole deal still doesn't make much sense to me. Why was she in such a bad mood? Why was she so offended that I didn't want chocolate syrup? To be sure, I didn't mention the thirteen wasted dollars on Mother's Day due to the french toast being ruined by a gallon of chocolatey goodness. Maybe I should have? In any case, I felt like a very undervalued customer today. In the time since Pura Vida opened its doors, I have brought A LOT of varied business to them-- business that would have, initially, never even considered this restaurant less I suggested  it.It really is too bad to see such a good restaurant idea not live up to its potential because of bad customer service. As a vegan, I loved to eat here. But my money (and my partner's, and my friends', and my family members') money will be spent elsewhere. At restaurants where we aren't treated like annoyances.
2	Found the waitress to be overbearing, hardly gave us 5 mins at a time without telling us something additional about the confusing, repetitive menu. and as other food was coming out, would stop and show/describe other customers' food, without us asking for that... And then there were bugs in my salad, but it was my moms first visit to a vegan restaurant and I didn't want her to NOT eat, didn't want the other customers knowing (really small place) and didn't want to embarrass the overly enthused waitress.... :(Sad experience bc I had been wanting to go there for quite a while.
2	Pura Vida has amazing food, it is over priced but the quantities are large enough to share between two people . On to Chef Mayra, the lady can cook but she has no idea how to run a restaurant. My husband and I got a groupon and told the server,she then explained the "very limited choices" we had in order to use our groupon. The limited choices included about 6 dishes not including drinks or anything else. The menu is very extensive and complicated and it took the server about 7 minutes to "run through everything". the server was great about everything, you know she had to deal with Chef Mayra who is by the way yelling across the tiny restaurant at her saying, you've got to get tot his table and do this etc etc etc while she's trying to take orders from other customers. Our table was also moved (with us already sat down for 15 minutes) by Chef Mayra herself while we were sitting trying to drink our coffee. It stressed me out having to be moved around and listen to Chef Mayra bitch and moan while we were just trying to eat peacefully. Also, if you don't have any coupons or anything, prices for one dish are anywhere from $12.00-$17.00 . Flavored water is $4.00 smoothies are $8.00. astronomical! Just Fyi. Also, upon arriving we were asked if we made reservations, um...what? We were not aware of this. Then Mayra made it seem like we were intruding. Not a fan.
1	Unfortunately I will no longer be eating here. I love the food and I, for the record, am not a vegan. When I ate here less than a week ago the service was enough to put me over the edge. I know that there is always a wait for the food and I was aware the pricing was a little high. This time the owner made me feel as though my patronage was not welcome. I understand that the recipes are carefully created but at the end of the day if I want to make a substitution that's my prerogative. I will no longer be eating here and "ruining the flavor profiles" of her signature dishes. I wish this was not the case but I will no longer eat at this restaurant.
1	These folks don't understand that good service makes up at least 50% of the equation if you want to run a successful restaurant. Good food alone doesn't cut it. Hubby and I went here on the reco of some friends. Food was tasty, but service and most importantly, the staff's attitude, was unbelievably poor. Do yourself a favor and pass on Pura Vida.
3	Ok, so I've eaten here quite a few times and I'd like to say that I will continue to eat here on occasion because I think the food is fantastic. There was obviously a lot of time put into the flavor profiles of the dishes and the flavors and textures are full of mouth watering goodness. I'm not a vegan, but I am Lacto-ovo vegetarian and I love the fact that there is a delicious vegan restaurant in my downtown area. Ok, so since the food is so good, the owner does not need any help with her food design, because its frickin' great, but they do need some serious help with the service and menu layout. The servers are nice, but not efficient. The menu design is horrible and very difficult to navigate. The efficiency and timing of the kitchen is horrible and be prepared to wait 30 minutes to an hour for entrees. I see this a lot in mom and pop local restaurants, great food, but they have no idea how to be efficient and create a dining experience that is as good as the food. I really hope that the owner pays attention to these reviews be because there is so much potential here. Let me give a specific example of the lack of efficiency with this place. They were on a wait because they were holding 4 tables for reservations. I'm fine with a little wait, but there was no reason for a wait. I watched 3 tables stay dirty for over 10 minutes while 3 parties waited to be seated. In the mean time, nobody was showing up for the reservations, so now there were 7 tables (almost half the restaurant) not being sat because 1)tables were not being bussed because if the lack of staff and 2) they were holding tables for people that were not there yet. What should have happened was the tables that were ready should have been sat right away with walk-ins and the 3 dirty tables should have been bussed i a reasonable about of time to accommodate the reservations. When you have reservations, you have to be able to use tables like puzzle pieces and not hold specific tables for specific parties (unless its a large party and only certain tables can accommodate them). It's as if the people running this restaurant have no experience running a busy restaurant. They need help with organization and help with the basic day to day functions of running an establishment that wants to grow and thrive in a competitive market. Also, I've eaten here probably 5 times and I've always felt the wait for food is wayyyy too long. They need some help in the food prep organization to execute food in a timely manor. Yes, it can be done.
4	A vegan breakfast oasis. Service was a bit slow, but the friendly and helpful staff compensated for that.
5	I went to Pura Vida this morning at 7:10 to avoid any long waits. I usually go to bed at 6 AM so I was surprised I was still up. I talked to Cindy about my Groupon options and she was very helpful. I ended up with the Latin'Tude and Tha Waffle. Everything here is made fresh and cooked to order. So even though I was their first customer, I had to wait 40 minutes for my togo. I had no problem with it. I came home and ate a third of Tha Waffle. It was fluffy and the hint of cinnamon was perfect. I have yet to try my Latin'tude. Cindy did suggest calling ahead of time or placing a reservation the night before if I was in a rush next time. It's a cute little spot with great food! I'll be coming back.
5	I can't say enough good things about this place. I'm not vegan nor a vegetarian. First, this is one of the few vegan/ vegetarian or just healthy living restaurants in Vegas. The chef knows how to make unique dishes as well as simple, classics but better. My favorites are the quesadilla- it has these delicious roasted peppers and bean stuff- and I also love the grilled cheese- made with amazing pecan bread. The owner is great, and they have wifi. What more can you ask for? I know... Please stay open later! I have to return and try the waffles, and I'll add an update.
4	This place is unique and quaint! I love it here! Kinda pricey and the location sucks, but the food is amazing and the staff is very nice!!
3	The food was good. Portions were huge.  The chef continued to not talk very nicely to her employees.   But the staff was extremely nice and knowledgeable.
5	Wow meal is huge!!! And delicious. New dish Love in a Bagel was wonderful, too.
2	I went in here when I visited Las Vegas in mid August.We had a reservation on Sunday at 1 PM, but we went in at 12: 00 PM. Oh Boy, was Chef a bit angry at the Waitress because we came in earlier lol. But hey, we got in and sat down anyway. There were 2 more tables filled out of 8 tables. We were 3 tables with customers at that hour.We ordered a Sampler meal (forgot the name. It had a main dish with empanadas,potatoes, zucchini noodles, cucumbers and salsa. Side dish was 2 pancakes). This was delivered at 1 PM, 45 mins after we ordered.Idiotic! It tasted alright..a little bit char taste in potatoes. Maybe because carribean food is in BBQ style?Then, we decided to order Quesedilla. While we waited, a group of 4 came in for a take out and the Chef came out and outright denied to serve them. I felt it created a BAD vibe to all of us to shoo away others that way with no valid reason. The restaurant still had 1 more hour to close!!!Quesedilla was served after 45 mins and had a burnt taste to it. It was stuffed with peppers/onions. Again, it had Zuchcni noodles on the side, Chipotle sauce dip. At this point, Chef came and stood next to us expecting a pat on her back from me. I did not pat her nor compliment her. I said the food is alright and not bad. I asked her why she shooed away some customers who came in 30 mins ago.  She said "I cannot accommodate them because we are about to close". My foot. Then, I asked what her aspirations were & her vision for her restaurant. She said "I do not intent to serve in this location" (which was shady by the way) "& I am meant to be at a bigger place". Good luck lady!That condescending attitude never helps anyone become successful in any business.if you do not mind getting bad vibes while you eat there, give it a try. Or else, you are better off trying a new vegan dish at home & be happy.
5	WOW WOW WOW - - if you are a vegetarian or vegan (or neither!) and are anywhere near Las Vegas this place is a MUST. The chef is the eccentric Chef Mayra who is passionate about food and flavors and her dishes are nothing short of AMAZING. I am a vegetarian (not Vegan) but while in Vegas I brought non-vegetarians/non-vegans with me to this place and they are the ones who kept suggesting we go back to Pura Vida!! How often has a vegetarian heard that request from non-vegetarians?!? It's an extensive menu with a ton of options. Ingredients are all fresh, and every dish is so creative and flavorful. Portion sizes are great (for table sharing) and beautifully presented. We tended to over-order just to sample more dishes (the servers were great in helping us pack food to go). They are open till just past lunch (their website has the hours, closed Thursdays). The building and decor are basic...but Tell Chef Mayra that you found out about her restaurant from Yelp and she will really go all out...she loves people who are as passionate about food as she is !! You should have seen her excitement to come out of the kitchen and design a menu for us !! Take her (or the server's) suggestions... they will steer you in the right direction. Over the course of our visits, we tried about 10 dishes and all were excellent !!! It's a short drive from the strip and it's really not to be missed !!!!
3	Outstanding vegan food, obsessive environment. Seems like an episode of Portlandia every time i go there. The multiple disorganized menus are a mess, and if it's your first time there they have a long speech about the entire thing.  They usually only have half of the menu available and you will likely want to tell them to stop talking. I have been coming to this place since it opened and have watched the chef gradually become a stressed out rude diva which the waitresses are clearly stressed and irritated with. The waitresses seem like they want to sit down and join you, so forget a quiet brunch. I have watched many patrons endure the manic environment for the food. It helps to sit outside, but the food is usually worth it.
4	The Bad1. We used a Groupon and the waitress showed us what we could and couldn't eat off the menu...Then she said: "after you spend the 20 dollars you can order anything? I said "Do you have another menu for people not using Groupon." (I was Joking) She actually said: "yes?" I said "can I see it?" She really said: "Im sorry, I cant show it to you till you order $20 worth of food." I said "hahahahahahaha that's to funny, really? She said: "Im sorry, but really." I said: "Well im going to order 20 worth of food I PROMISE!" She said: "I believe you and I sorry its the owner not me." I said: "I understand, lets order that 20 bucks worth of food so I can see the secret menu." She laughed...2. It smelled kinda funny, but the watress said it was coming from outside and was temporary (I believed her)3. I got (My Love) and if I wanted 2 oz of salsa or Chipotle Cream it was $2 more each.Regular coffee $4The Bad/Good1. It was a really weird location...I kinda like abuse so I enjoyed thatThe Good1. I loved the waitress and kinda felt bad for her (She was very nice)2. I ordered (the love)I was kinda forced to haha... It was AMAZING! 3. My wife Ordered Waffles with Blueberries (again kinda by force) AMAZING4. I really liked the ambiance, It was a humble but nicely decorated placeThe Best1. Im very happy that unlike my wife I can eat meat...haha?I will go back for sure, it was really good and now I know all the rules haha
3	Ok my husband is vegetarian and our daughter and I are vegan.  I would have loved to give this place higher stars because we loved the food.  The food was fresh, innovative and very flavorful.  The chef was clearly very passionate about her food and it was reflected in her dishes.  Beautiful presentation and delicious.  The reason I feel unable to  give them more stars are a couple of minor things.  First the menu's were very confusing.  They handed us three menus and it was overwhelming to read through them and figure out what to order.  The kitchen was out of at least 25% of the menu which was confusing when we were sat down.  My other beef is that they charge for literally everything.  They have their dishes as is on the menu, and then they push to upsale you on extra's such as onions, salsas, sauces.  The chef even came out and stated how a sandwich would be amazing with certain added ingredients.  The prices were already a bit steep and then with any with additions, you can very easily take a $12 sandwich and pay close to $18 for a sandwich!  The way I feel is for the price, make the sandwich with all of those ingredients and allow the customer to omit, versus add and pay the cost for it.  The staff continued to suggest trying sauces and salsas with our food and my husband unknowingly agreed until I warned him that they were all $2 each time.  We had $10 of extras to our bill :( Otherwise, fun and interesting vegan food.  Worth the drive off the strip to find it.  I just feel they need to lay off the upsale, it felt a bit like a car salesman.  IF they insist of charging $2 for these extra's, make them decent portions and not these tiny little cups that can barely cover a full sandwich.
5	Went here during a trip to vegas.  Shared the WOW puff pastry and the quesadilla poblano, and a roo tea.  Everything was amazing, and the service was wonderful too.  Definitely worth the trip off the beaten path!
5	I am giving 5 stars for the excellent food. We will definitely be coming back here for the amazing food. We had a short stack which was actually a really big stack and it was really good. We also shared the breakfast empanadas also really good. They brought us a bean dip and chips for the wait which was also really good and  will make me want to order it again. I also am giving it 5 stars for funkyness and happy chaos. Our waitress was really friendly, the chef is very passionate and we saw her talk to customers about the food and the wait  staff about the service. It is disorganized and we waited 45 minutes for our food, but the food was so worth it and I enjoyed our waitress and the chef.I also give it 50 stars because it is a vegan restaurant  that is against animals being served as food!!!! I am in absolute agreement with that!If you are in a hurry or expect a high end decor, then go to the Wynn. If you want great food in big portions come here. Our breakfast at the Wynn Tableau restaurant cost us twice as much as here. It was good and the portions were smaller but for food, I pick here.If they do get better organized and improve the decor this place will be outstanding!
5	Latin-tude = awesome. Empanadas with vegan chili = booyah. The service was just as good as the food too, made me feel like a king. :) Thanks again Chef Myra!!!
5	I love this place. The food is amazing. The vegan grilled cheese sandwich Is worth the drive from Overton. I wouldn't go to Vegas at all except for I'd miss Chef Mayras amazing creativity. The chocolate peanut butter French toast, yum.
5	This place is a diamond in the rough!  Thank goodness my sister lives in Vegas otherwise I'd never eat here. I had the Jase Veggie Wrap, with marinated tofu and roasted veggies. You must get the chips and salsa!  It comes warm with black beans. Everything is vegan and there are a ton of options!  The owner is so nice and such a working machine.  She is so smart and educating on sustainability. The iced latte is a liquid dream. I'm pretty sure it's made with coconut milk. Actually I just asked and it is half coconut milk and half soy. We will be back!  Great service!
3	The energy of the control freak-owner-waitress-hostess-busboy-roofer-car mechanic overwhelms the enjoyment of the better than average vegan fare. Get the grilled cheese, easy cheese and be ready to wait for it.
4	The food was good (empanadas and puff) and the presentation was beautiful. However the prices seemed a bit high and the waitress and chef were very harried and made it a stressful dining experience.
2	This is a tough one.After reading through all the other reviews more thoroughly *after* my experience, I was glad to see that I'm not crazy and that my experience wasn't unique.My boyfriend and I arrived at 1:30pm on a Saturday.  My mistake - I thought they were open until 2:00pm as per the Yelp app, but the Chef vigorously and almost frantically informaed us that they closed at 1:45pm, therefore they only had 5 items available. We mentioned that that was fine since we only had an hour anyway since we were headed to the airport.  This invoked another frantic explanation about how she needed TIME to prepare the food and couldn't be RUSHED.  This whole encounter was stressing me out...I asked if we could get anything to go and she pointed out some vegan cupcakes then mentioned she could get us some chili! Awesome!!  Chili it is!!  We ordered two servings of chili to go.We sat down at an empty table to wait for our chili.  There was only one other couple in the restaurant and they appeared to be done with their meal - i.e. no plates or silverware, enjoying coffee.  We continued to wait.After about 10 minutes I stood up to clarify our order with the guy behind the register.  We ordered chili to-go, right?  The guy called out to inquire about the status of the chili and the Chef burst out of the kitchen saying, yes, you ordered it to go, right? Right? I'm preparing it to go.  Right? That's what I understood. To go!!The whole experience was just kind of bizarre. And dramatic. And borderline rude.Not to mention that while we we waiting a group of four came in.  They got the same frantic explanation about the limited menu. They chose to sit down.  They made the mistake of bringing in outside drinks (iced coffees).  Now, while I was waiting I spied the signs about outside drinks not being allowed.  I then watched the chef approach the table and just take the drinks from the customers and put them in the garbage. No verbal explanation. No, "Hey, would you like to finish that? We don't allow outside drinks." She just took them from the customers and threw them away. REALLY?? The customers were kind of playing along with the drama, but you could tell that that action was a direct hit.Finally the two 16 oz containers of chili come out.  Yay! Then he rings me up. $10 per serving??  I'm sorry, that seems high to me. $21.62 for two medium sized containers to go??  Whatever, just give me my food.And now onto the food!  The one thing I ordered.  It was a pumpkin, squash, black bean chili.  It was excellent! The mixture was seasoned really well, the flavors and textures were well combined... it was some of the best vegan chili I've ever had!I really wanted to have a great experience.  The cool, divey exterior, the photos of adopted turkeys on the walls, the fact it was a fully-vegan shop... but I didn't. And honestly, I don't think I would go back.Footnote: as we  were leaving and getting ready to pull out of the parking lot, the group of four has decided to leave as well.  I don't blame them.
5	By far my favorite vegan spot in town. It truly feels like you are getting a meal from the vegan family you never had. Chef mya even sat at our table and chopped it up with us. Good people and bomb ass food. The wait time is long, but please expect this as you are getting extremely fresh food.
2	The food was awesome, the prices were high, the experience was dramatic and stressful. I walked in with my girlfriend, my mom and my dad right at 9:00 when they opened on Sunday. We were told that since we didn't make reservations to take a card and make reservations next time.(I tried to call them at 8:30 to make reservations that morning but there was no answer). The chef was pretty stressed that we had no reservations but she reluctantly  sat us in the "VIP" area. There was one other table of people eating when we sat down. A few more tables came in while we were eating but it never got full so I didn't get the whole reservation thing. The first thing out of the mouth of our waitress was, "let me tell you what we don't have". Not the best way to start. After a loooong and confusing  explanation of what we could and could not order, we decided on a few things. The food took a while but when it came out it was awesome. Really fresh and super yummy. The chef came over to talk to us at one point about animals and why we shouldn't eat them. I'm vegan. I get it. I respect her passion and generally like quirky, eccentric people but my advice would be to take it down a notch and chill. Everything is going to be alright.
3	I enjoyed the food, the plethora of vegan options, and the super friendly staff.  I did not enjoy the location (kinda sketchy).  The menu was also very disorganized.  The waitress, although super sweet, was all over the place.  I did not like how it took forever to get the food.  The waitress suggested we order the salsa dip and chips, as it was going to take a while for the food to come out.  So we did.  It was actually pretty good.  I ended up using the salsa as a condiment to my vegan breakfast wrap--it was that good.  We also ordered the vegan chocolate waffles stuffed with bananas (I had originally wanted strawberries, but they only had bananas).  It was kind of pricy, but I think it may be justified considering the fresh ingredients used in every dish.  Overall, the food is good, but the wait and the location are what brings this place down for me.  I'd come back, but I wouldn't make a conscious effort to hit this place up.
4	I went back to Pura 2 days ago..Remember I was complaining about regular coffee costing $4?Its $5 now Haha, O how I miss the days when you could get $4 dollar coffee ha haFood was really good and wait staff was still very nice.Oya, I asked if I could get some more chips to go with the dip I had left, And both the waiter and waitress laughed and said the owner is going to charge you.The owner really needs to loosen up a little, I MEAN A LOT lolPS they were just regular corn chips, the kind a Mexican restaurant will fill you up on for free! WITH FREE SALSA!
5	This was one of the best Vegan meals I've ever had.Truly, this is gourmet, fresh, high-quality fair the kind I never thought I'd find in Las Vegas.I'm an avid Yelper.  I read primarily the negative comments to see how perceptions and expectations should be set prior to going anywhere so that I always have the best possible time.The negative reviews of this place all speak to the delicious food.  And it is.  Well worth any need to adjust your expectations to have an experience like this.Chef Mayra is a wonderful passionate experienced practitioner of the culinary arts and you will reap the rewards of that level of quality if you are willing to align yourself with the decorum and respect this level of the art demands.Keep up the great work Chef!We'll be back to LV to experience more of your seasonal deliciousness sometime soon.
3	Came here for lunch on Thanksgiving eve about an hour before they were to close.The chef (who we did not know at that time) told us right when we walked in that there was a limited menu and our server would let us know what. We ordered only to have the chef come out and insist that we needed to get the pastry puff. She sold it well so we agreed.The food was excellent! Beautiful flavors and made well. Here's what we had:1. Chili + empanadas2. Burrito3. Pastry dish4. Raspberry lemonadeBecause we agreed to order one extra dish we had not planned to but believed her about the goodness of the dish we ended up having to take home so much food and had no room for dessert. Everything tasted great though.We had plans to visit another place for dessert but chef Mayra was very "hard sell" about having dessert or buying a pie. I would agree with reviewer Molly from Berkeley. She needs to chill and let her food do the talking. One chef visit was good, coming back a second time was overkill. Suggestion: They should have a "chef's favorites" or "chef's recommendations" listed so diners know what food to order rather than have the chef come out.Would recommend this place for the food and service but the chef visits needs to be toned down to make it a more un-coerced dining experience.
5	Food is fabulous, chef is obviously brilliant. I cannot wait to go back. We were told it would take some time and that was fine. Be ready to eat a lot of delicious foods!
4	Came here for brunch with a friend while we were here for a conference. We shared a tofu scramble and stack of pancakes with bananas on the side.There was so much food! And everything was absolutely delicious. I was disappointed that they didn't have any coffee. That's the only reason I didn't give 5 stars. Excellent staff and fantastic service. The food was super filling and we had to leave behind a few pancakes because we just couldn't cram down anymore. If you are vegan and in the area, absolutely go pay them a visit. Don't be fooled by the exterior of the place. Trust me, your tummy and your conscience will thank you.
5	A friend referred me and I love this place...Great service Great food.... The chef is amazing... The food is fresh and served to order.... If I was rich I would personally hire the chef as my personal chef so I can personally eat her cooking everyday.... This is definitely my fav spot so far... I highly recommend it....
5	As a foodie, I am dedicating this review solely to the amazing food... Not the location, customer service, or the simplicity of ordering. We stayed at the Wynn, where there are plenty of veggie options and I would choose this spot's food over the gourmet options there...hands down! I can recommend the empanadas, chili, and the breakfast scramble....all absolutely amazing. Enough food for breakfast the next morning too! Wish this spot was in Cali...I'd be there weekly! Note: the condiments really do complement the food perfectly...make sure to use them as instructed!
5	Evidently weekends are their busy days and I can see why! Their food is fabulous! Despite waiting a little bit everything about this restaurant is great. I can't wait to see what's in store for Pura Vida I know it will do so well over time, and hopefully move to a bigger location so more people can enjoy their great week/weekend specials.
1	Horrible service.  Glaciers form faster than the kitchen can make the simplest dishes.  The menu is a schizo mess with half of the items not even available.  Food is just OK, nowhere near amazing like they imagine.  There are so many better options for delicious fresh vegetarian food in Vegas.
