4	When it comes to donuts, I am a bit of a traditionalist for the french cruller.   Bosa Donuts is the real thing.  This location just opened right down the street from the office so needless to say there will be no excuse now to bringing in treats on a Friday.  I will be back to sample some other varieties, the apple fritter looked great.  If there is a Dunkin Donuts near by, I think they will be in trouble once people taste what real donuts are suppose to taste like.
5	I'll drive from NO. Cali to AZ just for these donuts!
3	It's Friday...I ran this morning...I'm running a half marathon on Saturday...damn it! I can have a donut, or two. I've been smelling Bosa a few times a week on runs and finally I decided I could stop punishing myself and give in to my donut desires. 2 Donuts + Large Coffee = $3.44, fulfilled donut fix, and one small chocolate spillage. Good variety ranging from traditional crullers, cake donuts, glazed, cream filled, custard, sprinkles, hoards of things to spill all over your dress shirt. Fortunately, I inadvertently avoided a donut with powdered sugar -- yes after years of getting powdered sugar on dark suits I have not learned. Instead, I had a crispy on the outside, light and cakey chocolate cake donut with sprinkles. It wasn't the dense spongy type, but rather freshly made with good flavor. My custard filled was ample on the custard and just right on the chocolate frosting. The coffee was average, but not bad by any means. Better than DD. I'm sure the next time my mileage is up for the week I will stop by again...after I finishing punishing myself that is...
5	These are the best, most consistent donuts in the valley.  I was always a fan of the Chandler location, so I tried this location as soon as it opened.  I was pleased that the donuts were as fresh and as varied as the other location.I don't care if people go to dunkin for the coffee..a donut shop is about the donuts, and I haven't yet had any donuts in the valley in the same league as BoSa.
4	Despite living nearly next door to a Dunkin Donuts I had to make the drive to Bosa Donuts. Not wanting to get out of the car in my slippers and pajama pants we used the drive-thru. The menu was difficult to see because the plastic cover on the display was sun burned and blurry. We ordered some classics knowing there was no way they couldn't have them.The maple long john was delicious. I haven't seen maple long johns at Dunkin Donuts in a long time so I was loving it. The chocolate frosting could be better but I can't complain too much about chocolate frosting... I mean, come on, it's chocolate frosting! My friend wasn't impressed with the apple fritter. It was crunchy and too sugary. Here's the kicker. The basic glazed doughnut was amazing. It was so close to a Krispy Kreme doughnut you could have fooled me in a blind taste test. It was perfectly glazed and collapsed just like the best of the best upon first bite.Next time I have a doughnut craving I will skip the neighborhood Dunkin and ride over to Bosa.
4	The Bavarian cream was mind-blowing!  Sexy and silky as sin, it was the best version of this donut variety I've tried thus far.  Embrace it and you won't (literally) be able to show your face in the morning.  Approach w/ caution!
5	This place has atleast 30 different donuts to choose from at any given time. The coffee is ok and the service is friendly, though slow at times (patience is a virtue!), but the reason you go there is the donuts and they are the best in the valley period. My favorite is a french cruller that DD has been butchering for years...but they do them right here. The buttermilks are exploding out of themselves and are one of the richest things I've ever had in my life.
3	I went here a few days after they opened to check it out with my cousin. The donuts were alright. Nothing extraordinary about them.I saw a sign that said, "We do boba tea" so I asked the girl what kind of teas came with boba. She said,"We can put boba in any of our teas."So I asked her, "What kind of teas do you have?" since that part of the menu wasn't up yet. She replied,"Any kind of tea we have can have boba."I tried to repeat my question and ask her what kinds of teas they had and she just didn't understand me. She just kept saying, "WE CAN PUT BOBA IN ANY OF OUR TEAS"She spoke english fine and didn't appear to have any trouble hearing so I have no idea what her problem was. I'll stick to Dunkin.
4	Ladies and Gentlemen,To the Tune of the Top Ten Hit from 1963 by that Round Mound of Sound, Miss Eydie Gorme!http://tinyurl.com/28jxx76I was drivin' by when it caught my eyeStandin' by itself lookin' sweet and shyI turned in to the lot, swaying' to and froAnd soon I knew I'd never let them goBlame it on the Bosa Donut with its tasty treatsBlame it on the Bosa Donut that I love to eatOh, it all began with a maple barNow it seems I can't fit in my carBlame it on the Bosa DonutThe food of loveNow was it the pie?No, no, the Bosa DonutsOr the stir fry?No, no, the Bosa DonutsNow was it the glazed?Yeah, yeah, the Bosa DonutsThe treats of loveNow I'm glad to say I'm in controlAnd I stop at just one jelly rollAnd when I try to grab a dozenMy shock collar starts a buzzin'Blame it on the Bosa Donuts with its cake and glazedBlame it on the Bosa Donuts that I'm lightly tasedOh, it all began with Bavarian CremeNow I know I can't fit in my jeansBlame it on the Bosa DonutThe fritters of love!
5	I love donuts. The buttermilk donuts are the best. The new store on Southern opens on Monday. I'm going to have to start jogging again. (like I ever did in the 1st place anyway). I have to think. Is there any other donut shop better..... NO. Although putting sugar in your mouth is good by itself, Bosa has some real special way of making their donuts crispy on the outside and real soft and fluffy or dense on the inside. Dunkin is great and will always be getting bigger and bigger like some other donut shop we all use to know. But Bosa is just down right yummy.
5	I just had a happy breakfast and I don't feel guilty!! Even the regular costumers are soo happy and friendly, there is no way to start a happy day than this ha!
4	I'm not really a big donut guy. But some fried breakfast sounded pretty good this morning. Plus, I work on Sunday mornings, and it always makes coworkers happy when somebody brings in junk food. So I picked up a dozen on my way to work.Justifications aside, Bosa has great Donuts! These are way better and cheaper than Krispy Kreme or Dunkin Donuts. This is definitely the place I'll stop by when I'm in the mood for the morning sweet treats.But don't waste your time with the coffee here. It's awful.
4	Willy Wonka has nothing over the amount of sugar Bosa Donuts delivers.  This is a diamond in the ruff, best donuts!
2	Disappointing... Great hole in the wall feel but the donuts were dry and tasted like old oil. The fritter was too dry and really missed the mark.
4	When I was a kid I lived in this small neighborhood in the bay area. I used to grab money from my moms purse and then walk up the street and find ways to spend my money. There was a circle K, a hair salon, a video store complete with a beaded curtain section (of which my step brother was a fan. I know this bc I was a snoop), aaaaaand a donut shop. It as an oriental run donut shop and those always seemed to be the best in my experience of eating donuts while living in the bay. they had a mean maple bar. It wasn't overly sweet and had a perfect amount of saltiness and chewy-ness while remaining fluffy and moist. it was a great donut and what I consider a 'bay area style donut'  for no other reason except that i ate this kind of donut while i lived in the bay area. i didn't think anyone else made donuts like this.until I arrived at Bosa. it's run by orientals which is a good sign when it comes to donuts so I tried a maple bar. oh my gosh! the donut brought back all of those memories of tattling on my step brother when I found his naughty movies and regretting my choice to get a perm at the hair salon once while bored. this is a bay area style donut! it's not krispy kreme(which is also a delicious donut) and it's not dunkin (which isn't a delicious donut) it's a different donut class of its own.if you like them chewy and fluffy while a tad sweet and salty go here for your donut pleasure!
5	What the!?!Every Sunday morning I get my husband a sugar donut on my way home from church and today I decided at the last moment to try Bosa donuts.  I knew they had a drive thru, but I wanted to see the donuts so I went inside.  Big mistake!!  I could have bought him one in the drive thru and kept myself working out 5 days a week.  Now it seems I am doomed to 7 days plus an extra jog or two.Every donut looked so puffy and light.  I typically get filled donuts, but I saw the buttermilk bars and there was a massive tray of them.  As a child they were my favorite a local bakery, but since the bakery closed they have been dry everywhere else.  They also had filled croissants and I decided to try a ham, cheese, and jalapeno one.  For my last move I added in a French Cruller as it looked so darn good.   Well the cruller was devoured on the drive home.  Best one i have ever had by a long shot.  It was so light and sweet.  I kept thinking save a bite for the husband, but it wasn't meant to be!While handing my husband his sugar donut I feared squishing it as it was so light and airy.  My husband took one bite and the incredulous yum rang out.  He polished it off and proceeded to hone in on my buttermilk bar.  Well I am okay with sharing because frankly this is an artery killer breakfast.  It was an excellent buttermilk bar.  That rich interior that is darker with the sin of buttermilk was present and it was lovely.Not done though I popped the croissant in the microwave for 15 seconds as the lady at the store recommended and then into the toaster oven for a moment.  Dang this is breakfast, lunch, or dinner food and so good.  The croissant was light, flaky, and buttery and the guts gooey and delicious.  I spared one bite for my husband who asked what else came in the croissants.  In my mind i see the hours sign...5am-10pm and even worse it is near my office and my home.  Well I can only hope that if I eat too many I will get sick of it, because I am already planning another journey.  It would be cruel of me not to share these luscious donuts with everyone i know...
5	The donuts are the best I've had in the valley. The iced coffee I really enjoy, and for 2 bucks you can't beat it. I made a mess in my car eating the crumble donut one morning, but it was so good I didn't regret it. I had a croissant filled with ham and cheese last time I went that was delicious.I give this place 5 stars for a few reasons. My father is a true doughnut connoisseur. He came to visit me, and after I took him there once, he demanded to go there everyday on his trip and proclaimed, 'you just can't get a donut this good anymore'.The other reason is value, you can eat a donut and coffee for a couple dollars. In a world where Starbucks will charge you $5 for a mediocre latte, I'll take Bosa over them anyday.
5	Love at first bite...creamy, dreamy, buttery, light, fluffy, crispy,delicious,amazing, perfect, lovely, beautiful, tasty and darn good!  This is the fantasy donut!  The chocolate long john and the old fashion we home runs...if you are "jonesen"  for a top notch donut get over to this hot spot for donuts!
3	I don't know what it is about Phoenix, but you can't seem to find a decent donut shop here.  Bosa seems to be about the best option we have, and while it's not bad, it's far from anything special.  This Scottsdale location is much better managed than the Chandler store, so I give them credit for that--it's cleaner and the donuts are much fresher.  I only wish Phoenicians could experience a great donut, which will never come from places like Bosa, Krispy Kreme, or Dunkin Donuts.
5	Awesome. All of em. Try your fav then venture out you won't be disappointed.Rasp Jelly + Butter milk for me.
4	This review is about taste only, as I can not speak for service or ambiance as the donuts were brought to me during a meeting at work this morning. When our Supervisor announced that she brought Bosa Donuts the room pretty much erupted in cheers of joy. I had never heard of Bosa, but the donuts looked good. I grabbed a jelly filled, and it was divine. The glaze was sweet and wonderful, the jelly was superb, and I loved loved loved the dough. I am now a Bosa convert, and will join in the cheering next time they are presented.
5	I wish that I didn't like this place so well...but I do :)Yummy, fresh, delish donuts like I used to have on Saturday mornings as a kid (my Dad would go to the now-defunct Dad's Bakery and get donuts and pastries on Saturday mornings).There is a wide variety available, and they are wonderful!In addition, they have great coffee drinks, as well. After trying Bosa Donuts, you'll never visit a Dunkin Donuts again...
5	Even though I've only been to Bosa once I've had the donuts from here several times.  My parents have been coming here regularly (like, multiple times a week regularly) since this place opened and every time I come to visit they make sure to get me donut in the morning when they know I'm hungover in bed.Now, I'm only reviewing this place for the donuts.  I didn't even know this place served other breakfasty stuff until I came here myself, but the other pastries & coffee drinks sound good as well.  That being said, when it comes to donuts Bosa is as good as it gets.They're soft, chewy, and all around yummy...that goes for all varieties (well, the ones I've tasted anyway).  Another good thing...they're CHEAP!  It's not like donuts break the bank anyway, but even compared to chain donut places the donuts here practically cost nothing.  The place itself is not much to look at, but who cares!  All I want is the donuts!
4	The donuts here are amazing....so fresh and tender they melt in your mouth!  I love the Crumb Cake donut, the old fashioned and the buttermilk bars.  The buttermilk bars are literally 3 inches thick....the best I have ever had!  The only reason I am knocking off a star is because the last 2 times that I have been there, they have been out of at least one of the donuts I wanted....but other than that....they are my new preferred donut shop!
5	These are the best donuts ever! So big and moist. I can't eat any other kind of donut now. They have 12 donut holes for $1! Crazy!
5	If you're reading this, chances are that you're not karmically righteous enough to ever hope to achieve nirvana.   However, be glad that you found this review, because I'm about to tell you that a road to religious enlightenment *does* still exist for you -and it's much simpler than the Noble Eightfold Path.If it wasn't already obvious, your quest will both start and end quite conveniently at the Bosa Donuts on McDowell Rd.  And you'll be pleased to learn that no matter what you order, this shortcut to a life of fulfillment won't cost you any more than a few dollars and cents.There are a near-infinite number of conceivable menu combinations that can help you quickly unlock your spiritual rebirth, however I'm going to recommend two particular ingredients as the fastest and surest way to eternal bliss:1) Buttermilk Donuts2) Taro smoothies with bobaAt this point, you should already have stopped reading this review and made haste to the closest form of transportation at hand.  Once you've arrived, you'll be too far too preoccupied with all the revelation happening in your mouth to remember to thank me - or anyone else -for leading you to Bosa.  And I won't blame you.  On the path to salvation, selfishly and voraciously indulging in buttermilk donuts and boba smoothies is sooooo much better than just being nice to people.
4	Incredible. As they were building this donut site. I passed it everyday on the way to school. I thought to myself: stay away--don't even look at it. I did so well for the last 5 months but then....unfortunately I ended up with visions of donuts dancing in my brain last night (couldn't sleep, and had recently watched "Boogie Nights" for the umpteenth time--you know, the part where Don Cheedle stops to get his preggie GF some donuts?) and thought, Ok, it's Sunday AM, Dad used to get them all the time. I'll just get a couple in the morning. I went, I saw, I became ravenous, I ordered...a dozen for a little over 7 bucks. How could I resist? These donuts kick butt. Amazing. DD has no clue compared to this place. The rasp. filled was devoured the minute I got home. The only complaint? (thus the 4 stars), was that the Asian lady helping me said out of the blue "you have baby?" I looked at her like, WTF? She said again, "you have baby?" I asked her if she was asking if I was pregnant (not a good question to ask a woman who just ordered a dozen donuts...esp. when she IS NOT), or if I already had "baby"? she then said "before?" I looked at her and said, "why in the world are you asking me that question?" She says nothing. I was tempted to ask her if she had hemmorhoids, but instead I walked out with my donuts checking my side reflection in the mirror (stomach, flat), pre-donut scarf. It was almost a total buzz kill, but I recovered by the time I got home. Maybe it was my hefty busoms, or maybe she wanted to make a trade, who knows.Note to Asian lady--don't ask strangers about their baby making capacities while they are ordering your donuts-- or no tippie for you!Your donuts rule, though!
5	This place is like donut crack.Buying donuts for 8 coworkers = a million donuts??Only at Bosa!They have so many donuts...so many that it's impossible to choose only a few for your small group of coworkers. So many that we eat until we hit a breakfast sugar coma that can only be topped by Thanksgiving and still have some to give away to coworkers to bring home to their families. The staff is so super nice and help guide your overwhelming mind in as little time as possible to speed up aforementioned coma. For serious. You can't go wrong here people. Donut crack.
5	I don't like sweets for breakfast, no pancakes, no french toast, no cinnamon rolls. All the sugar just makes me feel sick the rest of the day.Then I met the Bosa buttermilk bar. For a breakfast made of those bad boys sign me up for a day of two root canals, pass a kidney stone, and give birth to triplets. It'll be worth it!
5	While it is somewhat embarrassing to write a review on how good a donut shop is, I feel I must do it. Bosa is hands down the best place in the Valley to eat a donut. They're indescribably good. I've been to many of the locations and they all seem to be consistently good. The product they serve is outstanding and I have been ruined for all other donuts because of this funky little shop.
5	Best donuts around and great prices! They have the most amazing donut holes and they are 99 cents a dozen! They only have glazed but they are soo good!  I recommend Bosa's to everyone!
5	I blame Bosa for resurfacing my donut obsession. I thought all donuts tasted the same. I thought they all tasted fluffy, sugary and heavenly, but the same. I have been a lover of the donut since my early childhood when my Dad would surprise me with a stop at our favorite donut store during a round of errands. The owner also happened to know my Dad so my one donut turned into a full bag of donuts and I felt as if I had just won the jackpot (even though my Dad still only let me pick one out to actually eat at that moment). But now let me fast forward many, many moons and I'll actually begin my review of Bosa. Bosa does not sell your ordinary donut. Well, actually they do sell some of the classics but the difference with Bosa is that they make their donuts truly holey (pun intended). Whatever they do to them makes the donut victim enter a world of pure oblivion as an sugar high hits instantly upon first delicious bite. So you go to Bosa for the first time, you walk into a very sparse shop that was definitely once a fast food restaurant and you see a counter of donuts staring at you. Like my Dad taught me all those years ago, sadly I can only have one, so what to do? The answer is easy, even for someone with major menu anxiety like myself: get the BUTTERMILK donut. Don't ask questions and just do it. Don't think to yourself..."that's way too big, I'll just get a donut hole." No. Order the buttermilk donut, have a serious talk with your will power, tell your will power to hold you back from eating the entire thing and get the buttermilk donut. Why? Because it will allow you to taste a donut you didn't know existed. It tastes like pure buttermilk immersed into a delicious fried sweet baked good. You'd think the bread inside would taste like normal donut bread, but it doesn't. It tastes like your eating donut bread infused with buttermilk cream and yet it's just the donut being that fluffy and moist. Now thanks to this donut, I will have to avoid driving on McDowell until I allow myself to have a donut again because I know that if I pass by Bosa (that has a DRIVE THROUGH by the way), there is no way I'll be able to drive by without stopping inside to say hello to my favorite donut.
4	These are the best donuts I have ever tasted. I only wish I had discovered them sooner, and I wish the lady in the drive-thru didn't always yell at me... but other than that I have no complaints. The raspberry filled, buttermilk bar, and bear claw thingie are my fave
2	The buttermilk bar is good. As for proclaiming these donuts to be five stars and worthy of such praise as other yelpers have heaped on them - I think not. If your measure of donuts is based on comparing Bosa to Dunkin Donuts and the supermarket, then yes, they are five star worthy. If you honestly compare Bosa to other donuts, many better ones come to mind. Randy's donuts in LA. K's Donuts in Sherman Oaks, CA is far superior. The Donut Man in Glendora, CA which features the strawberry donut - a moment please, for that is a donut. I think of my childhood when once in a while my mother would allow me to sin, and let me have the whole wheat donut at Chock Full O Nuts in NYC. That was a donut. When you compare Bosa to such American treasures, it falls flat and looks average. Sorry Bosa, although you made a valiant effort, in the world of donuts you fall in the same category as Winchell's.
4	These doughnuts are fresh! Just rolled through the drive through to get breakfast. service was fast and the doughnuts were fresh as usual. If you like fresh doughnuts this is the place for you.
4	The only reason it does not get 5 stars is because they don't have icing filled! But their buttermilk Butterfly Donut is to die for!!!! Go and get one!!!!Their donut holes have got to be the best I have ever had!
5	My co-worker loves this donut shop and bought me a donut one day and brought it to work. This is now the only donut shop I go to in AZ. They are cheap and friendly service. Thanks!
5	I love me some bosa!  ESPECIALLY when they accept credit cards/debit without charging you extra for using it!! I never minded the cash thing but the only con to this particular bosa in my opinion was the lack of variety. No French cruellers no maple old fashioned no blueberry cake donuts or cherry fritters. So far my top two is the one in Tempe and the one in Chandler because Tempe has the most variety and the Chandler is just the closest to me.  Even though they screwed up my order slightly I love bosa anyways
4	Evil Donut Shop for selling donut holes for .99 cents a dozen.   EVILLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!I've only gone 2 times so far.  The first time not really counting because I went with a coworker and didnt buy anything.  BUT, I did ask if I could buy 2 holes (one glazed and one chocolate cake) instead of a dozen.  I sometimes have issues with fried items.  So I wanted to sample it first.  The gal just gave me the two and said, "Enjoy!"  I had no revenge of the holes the remainder of the day!  Wh00t Wh00t!   But seriously, how awesome is it that she just gave me 2 holes.  This morning, for some strange reason (the baby maybe ;) had me craving a donut.  So, off to Bosa myself and another coworker went!  I got a dozen holes (6 glazed, 6 chocolate) and a maple bar.  The maple bar I'm saving for tomorrow morning...i hope  I honestly think the glazed holes are my favorite, reminding me of a Krispy Kreme glazed.  But glazed or chocolate...these donuts rock!  My coworker even thought so too.  I would have taken a photo of the holes, but they didnt have a chance.  I eated them.  :)I shall have to resist the urge to become a frequent BOSA customer!  RESIST Damnit.  RESISTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT!!!
4	I love donuts! With that said, I love Bosa donuts! The place isn't anything special but their donuts are are! I love that there is a good variety of donuts. I love french crullers and this place does my donut right! Another one I like, which is boring, but a good way to judge, is the sugar glazed donut. It's another favorite and can't go wrong. This donut, along with the other ones, are ones you can't go wrong with from Bosa. Aside from having awesome donuts, they're awesomely cheap! I can get a dozen donut holes for super cheap!
4	The best donuts in town, hands down!! Their breakfast sandwiches however, are awful...the nuke these packets of already ready eggs and bacon and put them in the croissant but the ration of tiny egg/bacon is way off compared to the huge croissant. Stick to what you do best, Bosa!! Donut heaven!!
4	The Buttermilk Bar is the BEST!!!!  I would give them 5 stars, but the size of the bars have been shrinking.  I love it too much to give it less
5	Delicious donuts! Kids loved it. Even gave us free samples.
5	Best Donuts in town!  Try the buttermilk!
5	My friend and I arrived at Bosa tonight a little after it closed. The lights were shut off and it didn't look like we were getting any donuts. That was until an employee (or the owner) noticed us and opened up the store for a moment to make sure we didn't go home empty handed.Also, I only had one donut so I don't for sure, but it tasted like the donuts are actually made fresh and not simply reheated like the larger chains do.
4	Let's get something straight.... I'm not really a donut person. I don't mind an occasional donut with the right company. But for the most part, I don't care about donuts. However....For some reason, I was recently craving a donut. Maybe there's something in the Phoenix water that makes me do that. I'm not sure. Anyway, I was getting some work done at a nearby cafe and decided to look for a donut shop. Thank you fellow yelpers for introducing me to this little gem. The donuts are super cheap and really yummy. I've been here multiple times and usually opt for the buttermilk bar. Tip: The buttermilk bars at this location are tastier and bigger than the ones at the Tempe location. I've had the chocolate cruller and that one is yummy too.Considering I'm not much of a donut fan, I will admit that I crave them more since I found this place. If you're looking for an inexpensive yummy treat, I say give this place a shot!
5	I don't like donuts, however Bosa takes the lowly donut and makes it a pastryThe only donuts worth the caloriesThe Crumb and Raspberry filled are excellentThe ham and cheese crossaint is pretty solid, works nicely if you have some extra lunch meat at home you can heat up and eat alongside it, as for a couple bucks you are not going to get a ton of meat in the pastry, boars head pastrami works nicely
5	I am a self-professed donut junkie. I love donuts and will try them from local places whenever I can. Bosa definitely did not disappoint!I had the Toasted Coconut Glazed and it was as fluffy and light as a cloud, with the perfect balance of donut and coconut flavors. I'd definitely go out of my way to eat one again! Also had the donut holes- it's a good thing that I only purchased a dozen. If it had been more, I'm pretty sure that I wouldn't have been to stop myself from eating every single one of them. Best donut hole I've had in a very long time. So good!If you love or even like donuts, this is a must stop, you will not be disappointed!
5	I am glad I do not live close to this donut shop.  With the 24 hour drive thru, excellent selection of donuts, boba drinks, and even shaved ice available all day it is a diet killer.I stopped by late, about 10pm  and they still had a large selection of donuts, I picked up a dozen to "sample" the flavors.  I enjoyed the old fashioned, Boston creme, chocolate filled, raspberry filled, and some classic sugar laden regular donuts.  Delicious and I was on a sugar high.To add to my sugar high I added a boba Thai coffee large.  Pretty of boba to enjoy my long drive back to the west valley.  I really enjoyed the coffee and it is a rare treat by my home.  I am still craving another excuse to drive here and get another.I also did sample some shaved ice in the unconventional rainbow fashion. The staff was not use to serving a rainbow shaved ice, but were very accommodating.  He noted they usually only do one flavor, but attempted a 4 flavor ice sample.  It is still great to have shaved ice at 10pm when its 50 degrees outside right?I also noted breakfast croissants and other breakfast treats, bagels and creme cheese, etc.  I could not really concentrate on that part of the menu, the donuts in the glass cases are mesmerizing.  I imagined sampling them all while I reduced my selection to only 12 donuts.  I can say that the 12 donuts did not last a day on the kitchen island and the donut box is now a empty box of memories.  I hope to visit Bosa again and enjoy another dozen and maybe sample some other items they provide.  I hope you have the opportunity to sample Bosa donuts as well.
4	Love that this is a drive thru donut shop!! The flavors aren't different from other donut shops, but they're super soft and delicious no matter what time of day you go.
4	I like Bosa Donuts! My husband brought me here and we shared a bag of donut holes. Glazed and Chocolate. The Chocolate actually had rich chocolate taste, and the consistency and smushiness of the glazed was awesome :)I like that it is local, and they do a great job. I would recommend Bosa's for a treat :)
3	The donuts where ok.  I was excited when I saw that they had shaved ice and boba.  I don't care much for boba, but my daughter loves it, so it was nice to bring it home to her.  The shaved ice tasted more like plain ice.  I asked for all of the flavors...you know, rainbow!  The shaved ice barely had any color to it at all.  The worker said it didn't have much color because we used more than one flavor.  I doubt that to be the case.  It had no flavor.  I wouldn't try again.
5	This Bosa Donuts is my favorite local donut shop in Arizona. I stop here in the mornings sometimes on my way to work (if I leave early enough). I love that they have a drive-thru and the customer service is wonderful every time. They always get your order out super fast, I'm usually out of there in less than 3 minutes! I usually stop by around 7:30 and I think that's when the donuts are fresh because they come out so warm, crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside. I always get a maple bar and a cappuccino to go along with it (warning: cappuccino is scolding hot!). They have a lot of different things on their menu that I want to try one day just haven't ventured off to do yet. Their croissants filled with ham and cheese looks amazing and if its quality is anywhere near their quality of donuts, I'm down. They also have boba drinks that I am curious to try, considering donut shops don't usually serve boba I am not expecting it to wow me, but if it does more power to Bosa! I had my favorite donut shop growing up in California that I always went out of my way to go to and I was so happy to find one here! Bosa Donuts, you will be the fat death of me, but I forgive you. Because you are delicous and filled with happiness.
4	I'll start by saying that of course the drive-thru is 24hrs so you can get your donuts fix any time. No matter what time I go the donuts always seem fresh. They have donuts holes 12 for .99cents. What more can I say any donut you could want at any time its great.
5	Hands down, this place has the BEST donuts in the valley!
5	Due to a heavy footed neighbor upstairs in our hotel, I was up and about around 6am.  I knew I needed some coffee and donuts.  Dunkin Donuts is right near my hotel so I went and got a cup of coffee there.  Then headed here to get some donuts.  The Yelpers of Scottsdale did me right.  These donuts were very good....not Marys donuts good (Marys holds a special place in my heart and will always be my favorite), but maybe 2nd place ;-).    Still a 5 star joint! Placed my order for a chocolate covered buttermilk bar, a glazed raised, a chocolate raised and a crumb raised.  Total was $3.70 for 4 donuts.  Not shabby at all.  Here is how the donuts stacked up.Chocolate Buttermilk Bar-  DAMN!  This was one of the best donuts I can ever remember eating!  This thing was crisp on the outside for a little crunch, dense on the inside (almost like a pound cake) for a good "cake like" chew and had a ton of chocolate on it.  During the bites you could pick out the distinct buttermilk flavor.  This thing was awesome and I'm definitely coming back before I leave to get more of these.  They also had them in maple frosting and something else too.  Delicious!Glazed-  Not too shabby.  Very light and airy and not too sweet.  Definitely a good donut and I would get it again.Crumb- Pretty tasty also.  Good crumb topping and light and airy like the glazed.Chocolate Raised- My wife ate that one and I didn't try it.  She liked it though and that's good enough for me.  If it was as good as the other 3 donuts, I'm sure it was great.The lady at the counter was nice as can be and they even have a drive through!  If I lived in the area, this would definitely be my go to donut spot.  Bravo for the recommendations Scottsdale Yelpers....Bravo!
5	It's the best.
4	Very good donuts...  Old fashion is excellent!  Cinnamon rolls are a great choice!  Chocolate iced raised very good as well!  But the French Crullers are not the best
5	Bosa donuts is the quiet simply the best in the valley. 24 hours, and always amazing. I take the nuggets nearly every Saturday putting me in the running of worlds greatest dad!
5	I've been to this location twice. The attendant was friendly. The menu was easy to read. The taro boba was fresh and yummy! The doughnut holes were cheap and so damn good. I love this location. I love Bosa. This location is a far cry from the other on my DNR. This one goes for the addiction list hands down. I'll be there again soon, I only work 10 minutes away.
5	Love this place...  live in Gilbert but, I have my husband to stop and pick up on his way home from work...  Best donuts around...  The kids love them and they are huge..  Couldn't ask for a better place to get your donut fix that's for sure...  GREAT SERVICE too...  Friendly workers...  A+++++++   all the way  :)
4	Can I say best donuts I've had in Scottsdale? yes, yes I can.
4	So, my childhood donut shop is still safe atop the donut throne.   I would never cheat on my favorite donut shop (except with Krispy Kreme a few times).  But I was drawn here after having their buttermilk donut.  I finally brought myself to stop in this donut shop after having had a Buttermilk Bosa donut a few months ago at work. What an amazingly good donut, when it is fresh.  I've had that donut 3 times and the first 2 times I had it, the donut was simply AMAZING.  Something that tastes that good scares me.  I was afraid I would be drawn to this place over and over for that donut.So, on a weak day, when I just wanted something sweet.... NOW.  I pulled into this shop at about 4 in the afternoon.  I see the yummy "specialty donut" in the display and quickly order it.  I get in my car and I don't immediately pull off as I whip out that donut to break off the first piece.  I take a bite and I'm suddenly shocked.... disappointed.  It was STALE.  I wondered how long that donut had been in the display.  It wasn't very good.  i have resolved to never return -- a lie!  I should stop lying to myself.   Nothing that good could possibly, truly be that good. Someone at work brought 3 dz of these donuts this week.  I resisted.  I resisted.  but I'm sure.. in that weak moment, I'm returning for that buttermilk yummy goodness.  But I've learned my lesson, I'm going first thing in the morning... I want a fresh one.Yumms!
4	There's not a lot to say about Bosa.  It's delicious, it's cheap and convenient.  Their coffee is also surprisingly great too !  I am an avid donut eater and I have to say this is right up there next to Krispy Kreme!  Even when the drive-thru is super backed up they're always very speedy and you never wait too long.  I'm nervous and happy that I moved right next to one.  Look out bikini season!
5	Incredibly cheap, open at all the right times, very unique flavors, and basically way better than any of the chain donut places you could ever eat at. Must try: buttermilk, coconut, banana cream pie. So good!!
3	I don't want to shy anyone away from going here because the Donuts are Great.  I gave a three star ranking because I just don't think that they are the "Best Donuts in Arizona".. I am a huge fan of Dunkin Donuts strawberry glazed and that's what I ordered, but my girlfriend brought home Bosa.. Because on the Box it said "Best Donuts in AZ".. I'm sure many people think so becauE this is a great business, but not the best in AZ by my taste..
5	I LOVE Bosa! And to be honest, I prefer them over Dunkin Donuts! Friendly staff and delliiicciooousss donuts and cheap too! :) Their breakfast food items are really good too!!! I recommend this place for donuts over Dunkin any day if the week!
5	Hands down, best donuts in the valley. All the locations are great. Most are open 24 - 7 and the flavor is fantastic. It's a great pickup for a morning office meeting or an even better late night snack after a night of fun. My personal fav is the pink icing with sprinkles, although the caramel long john is quickly catching up. I could go there every day.
5	This place is phenomenal! I am fairly picky when it comes to donuts and the fried dough these folks produce is among the best I have tried.I'm an apple fritter person through and through but find myself trying all their varieties because everything is so well done. The simple glazed donuts are to die for in their gooey goodness. The fritters are crispy and very flavorful, cannot get much better than this.I think about these donuts when I am working out at the gym and work harder to make room for them a few times a month. Sometimes I go a little more than I should since they are right down the road from me but it is worth it!
5	Best donuts in town!
5	The freshest donuts I have ever had! The cake and fluffy donuts were equally delicious. They melt in your mouth! Yum!!
5	I am addicted to Bosa!!!! Best donuts and breakfast in the area, hands down.  Reasonably priced, the food is delicious, and the staff are awesome.  Get the glazed old fashion donuts, at least a dozen.
5	Bosa Donuts are the biggest, best donuts on the planet.
5	Two words: Lemon Curd
4	Boss doughnut is one of the best doughnut I've tasted! I highly recommend it. They're also open late(some locations) for your late night cravings! Rveryone go try!
5	Better donuts than DD, especially the glazed.  Also love the donut holes.  Only 99 cents a dozen!  I personally only had the glazed donuts but I'm told by my family that their fruit filled donuts are also very good.  More filling than DD. Service is friendly and price is good. They also have drive-thru Window.
5	Yum! Late night, delicious donuts! We loved the glazed and the old fashioned. And, they were a good price too. We will hopefully return!!
5	I literally hate this place because their donut holes are so delicious and addicting! I moved into an apartment down the street and now I have to drive by it everyday... Haunting my dreams with delicious donuts
5	Don't even waist your time going anywhere else.. Buttermilk and apple fritter . Yummmm but honestly they are all amazing .
5	Our family loves Bosa donuts!! I take themin for my co-workers and my son's preschool and always have the best compliments on how delicious and fresh they are. get some!
5	Best Donuts in town. I normally get a small black coffee and a buttermilk cake. Fresh coffee and donuts all the time!
4	My visit was due to a friend raving about how good Bosa is and wanting to go. Service coffe and donuts were good. It was clean. I found it about the same as the other two chains.
1	Very disappointing. I see all these great reviews on here and we basically walked into a Taco Bell. There's even a drive through... DO NOT COME HERE FOR BREAKFAST!!! They do not have a grill. Instead, they microwave the eggs...
4	Open 24 hours a day, how convenient is that! I absolutely love their apple fritters, I'm addicted to them. Heated up they are amaaaaaazing!They're even more addicting because I get a free donut out of every New Times that comes out on Tuesdays. I wouldn't necessarily look at this place as a comfortable coffee shop vibe, it's more of a grab and go kind of place.Honestly I don't think I've ever seen other people there, but their donuts are cheap and delicious.
4	Almost the best donuts in the valley. Get em while they are fresh and they are amazing. The plain sugar donut is by far the best on the menu. Simple but perfect. Also a plus that they are open all night. I have even sampled their breakfast sandwiches and their croissants are flaky goodness. Can't go wrong with Bosa;)
5	Awesome...... Absolutely $@@&$?$ awesome. In a world full of Nic Cage movies every now and then you need to escape, Bosa Donuts provides that escape for me.
4	If I'm about to splurge and buy some donuts, I go to Bosa. They are quick and have a wide selection of delectable donuts. I really love their old fashioned donuts with maple glaze. I usually order a half dozen with my boyfriend, we'd order more but between the two of us but we don't for obvious reasons. They also have these super yummy ham, cheese, and jalapeno filled croissants. An instant hangover or empty stomach cure. There's not a whole lot to say other than the fact that they are inexpensive, quick, and delicious!
5	I have been going to this Bosas location for almost a year. I take my bird for a weekly treat. :) the food is consistently great. The ladies that work there are very nice. The prices are very reasonable. I have been to the Bosas in Mesa and it terrible compared to the this one. People at this shop make all the difference. A+++ I highly recommend.
4	Wow, this place is so weird.  It looks like a converted Wendy's or something, but the donuts are fresh and delicious.  There's SO many options and they are substantial.  Prices are a bit high, and there thai iced tea had very slimy boba the day that I visited, but I would give them another shot just for their donuts.  After all, that is their specialty, right?
2	Been there twice.  The first time the bathrooms (my wife told me about the Women's room) were not clean, and the men's room had no soap.  I asked as I always do- the employees use that restroom.The place just looked not clean overall the second time.  I watched while my wife and friends ate their pastries.  They all enjoyed them.I suggest looking at their health inspection on Maricopa County Environmental Services' website, if you're interested.  I did that after our second visit, and as you can tell from the first sentence- we never returned.
