4	Just had a humongous breakfast! The service was excellent, only a few minor hiccups in the beginning. They are still working out some kinks in the kitchen, but I have no doubt that place will be five stars in the near future. I think I just found a new favorite breakfast hang out!
4	This is a new Hash House a GoGo location. Formerly the San Paulo cafe (rio coffee shop) We dined here in on a Friday a little past noon and we walked right in without a single person in line, it seems that it's such a new location that no one knows about it just yet. It does have a separate line for 7 star, diamond and platinum total rewards card holders for the VIPs in case of long wait times. We had the chicken and waffles, vanilla waffles and banana brown sugar pancakes. All were delicious and met hash house a GoGo standards and the service was excellent. For those who do not like to walk through casinos you can park in the back entering through Twain (making sure you don't turn into the employee parking). The parking to use is in the back where the penn & teller theater, pavilion and convention parking is.Also for Total rewards card members you get a $1 off most entrees and caesars entertainment employees get 25% off total bill.
5	Food was great and ridiculous size portions, just like at the Quad location.  Liked this location better as it seems quite a bit nicer and there is cell coverage there.  There was a 45 minute wait for a table at the HH in the Quad so we took a cab to the Rio where there was zero wait (been open less than a week).Had a scramble this time, and while it was good, the Chicken Eggs Benedict is definitely still the favorite.They did mess up one our meals, as they forgot to put the bacon in the Waffles (chicken and waffles), however, no one noticed until our server came over and pointed it put and asked if she wanted it remade or a side of bacon, which was cool.The COO Jim was walking around (recognized from Man vs. Food) and talked to us for a bit.  We told him how we never go to vegas without hitting HH.  Nice to see the bigwigs leading from the front and making sure the new location is consistent with the brand's standards!
3	New location... Not too busy..YET. Helps having a total rewards card to get you seated faster. Service took forever and it didn't help that our waitress had a bad attitude at first. Her name was Hana and she even have one of our peoples a dirty look. I think she started to see that we weren't happy with her service, so she tried to be more attentive towards the end of our meal ---- too late lady.Big portions, enough to share for sure. Ordered the chicken and waffles which were enormous. Enough for me to split into two meals and still share!Even though we were overall dissatisfied with the service, I'd come back -- just hoping not to get Hana again. 3.5 stars for the food. 2 stars for the service.
4	Items Selected:Mardi Gras Pancakes - Buttermilk Confetti Cake with mini-M&Ms, white chocolate chips, and dark chocolate chipsCrispy hand hammered pork tenderloin benedict with yellow tomato, spinach, bar b' que cream, 2 basted eggs, griddled mashed potatoes, and buttermilk biscuitLavazza CoffeeWith my breakfast predilections ever skewed sweet over savory it came as a bit of a surprise that 'National Pancake Week' had gone unnoticed until I caught a news brief discussing the opening of the newest location of San Diego's Hash House a Go-Go at The Rio; a special offering 'Mardi Gras' pancake catching my eye and early opening hours plus a promise of televisions showing the USA vs. Russia game cementing my plans to visit after a long morning run.  Well designed and immense in size with clever interior flourishes complimenting the concept of "Twisted Farm Food" it was mere moments after the puck dropped on the third period that I arrived to the hostess stand and after a brief greeting I was handed off to a lovely lady named Peggy who would keep watchful eye over me throughout the overtime-extended visit - the nearly eighty minute stay ample time to enjoy approximately a whole pot of hot coffee and all that arrived on Hash House's enormous signature plates.  Deciding to go one sweet and one savory with a request to deliver the former followed by the latter it was with the special pancake that I arrived and truly the size of the hubcap it was exactly what I expected, fluffy and laced with buttermilk but exceedingly sweet; the equivalent of eating birthday cake for breakfast and exactly the sort of thing I'm willing to go out early for, though probably a dish best shared...particularly given what followed in a Benedict balancing a surfboard of crisp, lean pork with top quality vegetables and creamy mashed potatoes beneath lightly sweetened and tangy barbeque cream.  Perhaps not 'refined' and undoubtedly 'over the top,' yet a place with something for everyone given their dedication to ethical farming and product sourcing Hash House a Go-Go remains one of the rare mini-chains I'm happy to support and with newer locations even offering 'lite' options of simple eggs, toast, proteins, and salads its only a matter of time before I visit the downtown and Sahara locations...the best biscuits in the city just one more highlight on an already long list.
4	We did brunch here this morning, and while the amount of food we consumed is a little nauseating, the food itself was amazing!We walked in at 12:30 pm and had no wait for the 4 of us. We ordered 3 items: the Andy's fried chicken benedict, French Toast, and chorizo skillet. It was PLENTY of food for 3 people. The portions are massive.The food was on point, and the service was great. I was surprised they are so new--I would have expected more kinks to work out!
4	This was our second time here. They use to be at the M Resort, but moved to Rio. I am not sure if the relocation of the restaurant has caused the service to go down hill, but it was the worse. Our waitress took our order in a rush, had someone else drop it off, and brought the bill right after. Never checked to see how we were doing or anything. I have no complaints towards the food, since it was delicious. Last time I got Andy's safe fried chicken farm Benedict, and it amazing. The fried chicken and Benedict had a great transition of flavors. This time I got the the farm scrambler with hardwood smoked bacon, avocado. Very delicious and exceptional. The food is amazing, but the service sucks. Gave it 4 stars because the food is so good.
3	We sat at the bar for quick service.  Coffee was excellent and we got to-go cups to boot.  I ordered a scramble and everything was great except the potatoes.  The potatoes were disappointing.  There was a gas leak which caused problems for most of the Rio's restaurants; so I'm not sure if this affected the potatoes, but the potatoes sucked.  I will definitely try them again.
4	Was in Vegas for a long weekend with my family. Went here twice for breakfast. One dish was AMAZING. The rest were good. Partner and I split the fried chicken benedict. We were told the portions were huge, so we tried to listen. That being said, there were six of us at the table, and we ordered three things and it was still more than enough. Benedict was the best thing we had at either meal. Bacon, eggs, and fried chicken on top of potatoes and biscuits, with spinach and tomatoes and grilled mozzarella, with a chipotle cream sauce. Parents got the chicken and waffles, which was good, but sort of normal. My uncle got something with  meatloaf, which he polished off without a complaint. We went this morning before our flight back and again, we shared a plate. Didn't leave quite as stuffed (chicken benedict was on Man VS Food), but still satisfied. We got the corn beef hash, and I was impressed, especially since I am usually not a fan. Biscuits are giant and delish, scrambled eggs were perfect. My mom got a blueberry pecan pancake, which is about the size of 4-5 normal pancakes. Partner got a cinnamon roll latte both mornings. Their hot green tea is good too. Service was also good, especially first day. Steve was funny and attentive, even though he was busy. Our meal was brought out by different people, and our waters were refilled by assistants, but that's usually how busy restaurants work. This morning, they were again a little busy but our server and her assistant were still quick and prompt and nice. Waited 5 minutes this morning to be sat, and about 10 the first morning. We will be coming back, if only for the benedict. Might try one of their lemonades too.
2	When you're spending $20 for a breakfast, you have rather high expectations. Mine weren't met. Yes, this is at a resort hotel, but $20 bucks for bacon and eggs and some fruit is rather steep, so it must be because the service and food are first rate.... They're not.  The service was good but normal, and somewhat rushed for a half-filled restaurant. It was typical breakfast service, by a traditional breakfast hash-slinger.The food was adequate, but not spectacular. Eggs are eggs everywhere, so nothing special. The bacon was spartan but really good. The crispy potatoes were simply divine. I also ordered an additional serving of fruit, and was expecting more than the small bowl of exactly 5 pieces of fresh fruit I got for $4. For jam, they serve this chutney-like mango or apricot concoction. Missed the actual fruit name. It was flavorless and bad, and if you're looking for another flavor of jarred jam, you have to ask for it, and wait for it's arrival. Toast now cold. I ordered my toast's butter on the side, and it was practically frozen, and NEVER melted on the bread. My biggest disappointed came when I ordered a side of a pancake, and was told I couldn't. I had to choose from the full breakfast of pancakes. The pancakes here are enormous, and only wanted an ala carte side pancake...BUT NO!! My request was not going to be accommodated, in a restaurant fully capable of doing so. What BS. If a customer wants something....make it for them...I ALREADY ORDERED A FULL BREAKFAST, AND JUST WANTED ONE PANCAKE ON THE SIDE. It's truly dumb of a restaurant not to make this option available as an add-on with a full breakfast, thus losing a customer forever. Dumb. Dumb. Dumb.Hash House a Go Go is definitely a No No for me next time in Vegas. The food and service are good, but that's all. It's just breakfast food, and not spectacular, nor all that inventive either. Can't see the price justification. Don't waste your time, unless you enjoy being ripped off..
3	We were sadly disappointed that there is no children's menu. We were going to order off the regular menu for him but the options for a picky 2 year old are 1 pancake for $11.99 or toast with only a wheat or rye option (SERIOUSLY? No white or sourdough option?) I'm annoyed now.
5	Hash house and Baci burger are best burgers in las vegas, trust Joe. All my reviews are spot on. It's like a gift. I felt like Adam on man vs food going to town on this burger. Avacado, cheddar. Look out people. I finished it but most people won't be able to, see pic below. Beast Mode
5	If famous celebrities like Neil Patrick Harris (yay for Barney Stinson from How I Met Your Mother) and Penn&Teller have their autographs framed here, you know this place is as good as it gets.We ordered their most popular dish, which was also starred on their menu: Sage Fried Chicken & Waffles. I was never a fan of ever trying the chicken & waffle combination, but I was always curious on why it was so popular. But now I know! This dish is definitely enough to split between two people, as it comes with 4 waffles WITH BACON INSIDE and 2 fried chickens connected by a skewer. Maple syrup also accompanies this food tower. The salty bacon and sweet waffle complement each other so well that my friends and I couldn't stop smiling as we ate. Before we knew it, we were super stuffed and my friend who typically doesn't waste food, had to give up a few bites of her waffle due to bloatedness. That's when you know this restaurant has good quality and good portions.Service was spectacular as well! Definitely take time out of your vacation to grab a bite here because you won't regret it :)
1	Went for breakfast! Food was horrible! Service was equally as bad! If you want dry mashed potatoes this is your place! I asked for some gravy or something to make the potatoes edible and the waitress looked at me like I was an idiot and then charged me $4 for gravy! Not to mention the guy that grabs you and takes your picture at the door and then interrupts your meal to try and sell you a copy for $20!
1	Went for breakfast! Food was horrible! Service was equally as bad! If you want dry mashed potatoes this is your place! I asked for some gravy or something to make the potatoes edible and the waitress looked at me like I was an idiot and then charged me $4 for gravy! Not to mention the guy that grabs you and takes your picture at the door and then interrupts your meal to try and sell you a copy for $20!
4	Solid breakfast spot if you ask me. Portions are huge, so if you don't have a big appetite, make sure you split with someone. We opted for the fried chicken benny with a side of biscuits and gravy. Way too much food for me alone, so I'm glad the bf and I split. The Benny consisted of a bed of mashed potatoes, topped with a biscuit, tomatoes, spinach, fried chicken, poached eggs and topped with hollandaise. The chicken was flavorful and the batter was crisp.The biscuits were moist and the gravy added a good richness. My in laws ordered the eggs with sausage and the corn beef hash. They enjoyed their meal as well. FYI, coffee is $4. So make sure you get your money's worth and get refills like I did. I probably had about 5 cups. I was wired, very full and happy. P.S. I think our waiter'a name is Peter. He was patient and friendly. Awesome job!
5	Legen......wait for it.... dary..... Legendary!!!Great food!! Great prices!! Pretty good service.We went here twice during our stay in Vegas. Stopping both times with a large party and was not disappointed either time. Both times I had the HH Original Benny... omg so delish!! If I can figure out how to attach a picture I will. Portions are out of this world!! The price?? 12 bucks... whatever thats nothing!! Just bring your appetite and you'll be just fine :) Don't go to a great restaurant and order toast and then complain about the price or the selection. Jump out of your comfort zone and try something amazing at this place!! 100% recommend and don't be deterred by the wait time. It means the food is great!! (PS don't get the cubed hash browns!! You'll be disappointed since the other ones are like potato crack and you can't stop eating them!!)
3	Meh, it's alright, but not worth the price. I ordered one of their signature burgers and it arrived over-cooked and dry. I asked for medium rare and it was medium-well at best. I don't know if cooking it properly would have helped, but I found it bland and dry. The toppings were good though on the skimpy side. A small warning...they put a couple of huge nasty pickle slices on it without warning. Now if you like pickles, you're fine. However if like me, you consider pickle juice to taste like the sewers in the seventh level of hell, you will want to ask them to skip it. The juice tainted everything. My wife had the waffle, which she said was simple but tasty enough. Service was very friendly and she gave us lots of attention and refills. As an amusing side note, the check had our bottle of Pellegrino spelled as "Periglino."
4	The food was delicious!! The line might seem long, but they actually get people in pretty fast.They lost our orders, but they compensated us by giving us the 25% locals discount so that was nice. The portions are huge. I got the waffle with bacon in it and it's actually four normal sized waffles with strips of bacon in it. So yummy!I would highly recommend going here!
2	This isn't my first Hash House rodeo. I am spoiled by living near the San Diego location which ALWAYS has fantastic food. The food is OK but not worth the HH pricing. The server was too busy talking over us when we ordered.I ordered the Farm Scramble with bacon avocado and cheddar (instead of swiss). The avocado wasn't ripe and still hard. I got swiss instead of my requested cheddar. The crispy potatoes were over cooked.  He requested the BBBLT. The bread was over toasted and came with more lettuce than bacon. It should have been called the BBLLLLLT. Needless to say, we won't be returning to this location. Not worth the time or money.
2	Service was indifferent and food was a triumph of style over substance which included a sub par biscuit and fresh fruit served in the skillet with the hash.
1	I've already had one bad experience with Hash House. The location in San Diego. In LAS to watch a concert with my girl. Stayed at the Rio. Went to HH there in the hotel when I decided to give them another go.I shouldn't have.Food was disgustingly cold. I had the meatloaf hash. Correct me if I'm wrong but shouldn't certain dishes be hot when you get them? Service? Our waitress seemed like she'd seen one tourist too many. Couldn't be bothered to check on us. The rest of the wait staff we noticed didn't smile...at all. When we asked another employee for extra napkins he just got them without a word and didn't acknowledge our thank you.Only bright spot was the cashier. She was bubbly and nice to chat with. Other than that. Don't bother with HH. ANY location.
5	This place is amazing. I went for brunch, the time I brunched at was around 130 pm, so we just walked right in. The waitress warned us that the servings are HUGE and that two people can probably share. She was right. We were scoping out other people's food, not only were the portions ginormous, but it looked so incredibly DELICIOUS. I ordered vanilla waffles, egg whites and the fried mash potatoes??? Everything was incredible. I don't really like mashed potatoes but THESE were so good I finished it all except for 1 waffle (1 waffle is like 4 regular sized waffle). It made me miss and crave breakfast so much that 2 days later I actually ordered breakfast for lunch.
4	Totally killed the Andy Sage chicken plate.  If you have an appetite this is your place.  I would put this on your list for breakfast meals in Vegas.  I will be back and any dish here can put you into a food coma.  The food is good and portion sizes are super sized.  Enjoy.
2	How could a place named Hash House not be great?  Well, they managed it.The MU ordered the Salmon Benedict.  The plate is HUGE, but the quality of the salmon was lacking.  Seems like they inundate the plate with high carbs dishes like biscuits and mashed potatoes to compensate for the paltry quantity of proteins.The dish arrived cold.  Not great for something served with a sauce.  The MU did like the deep fried spaghetti strands served as garnish - an idea he plans to steal.We arrived before the rush hit and only had to wait 10 minutes for a table.  The server was very attentive, except when we were ready to leave and couldn't find him to request our bill.I hear that the Sandy Eggo location is better, but it's not on my bucket list of places that merit a do-over.
2	Service is beyond horrible.Our group of four waited at least 5 minutes before anyone swung by to take a drink order.  After 10-15 minutes our waiter finally showed up (one of the 3 times we would actually see him).  If that wasn't bad enough, our food took over half an hour and when we got it, it was barely lukewarm!!!  The servers who brought us the food mentioned it was sitting in the kitchen for a while because there was no table number for it - a likely cause of why our food was cold.  We finally tracked down our waiter after 10 minutes but obviously weren't going to send the food back because it would have taken forever.  The waiter was nice enough to consult his manager and give us a discount on our meal but the damage was done.It's hard to judge if the food is really that good here since everything we ate was pretty much cold.  The fried chicken had good flavor and was crispy but it would have tasted so much better hot.  My friends who got potatoes and eggs were not impressed and all of our biscuits were basically rock hard and dry.Maybe in the fuutre I will try a different location but until then, Hash House A Go Go at the Rio - you have failed me!
2	I was pretty excited to fund out the Rio had a hash house a go go. I've been to the one in San Diego was and was blown away by how amazing it was. The portions were huge and the food tasted great. This one however brings shame to the hash house name. First off the ambiance of the restaurant is fine. A standard restaurant located in a casino at the Rio. The service here was also decent...no complaints there. The food however was disappointing to say the least. I ordered the corn beef hash which was moderately priced for Vegas food. The plate came out with an unpleasant liquid along the bottom of it and it just got soaked into the potatoes. The corn beef had as much flavor as a piece of cotton. It was terrible. By far the worst corn beef I've ever had. The biscuits looked appetizing. But again....WRONG...DRYEST BUSCUIT EVER and just not enjoyable at all. I still love the one in SD. But never coming back to this one. For sure.
2	Came to the hash house on a recommendation from a local. I got the bacon, avocado burger and it was good. Not great, good. My husband got the corned beef and it was pretty tastless, my son got the chicken and bacon waffle and the chicken had good flavor, I wasn't impressed with the waffle. My mother in law had the apple cinnamon waffle and the slices of apple were impressive but there was no cinnamon taste. The food was way over priced but that's what you get when you eat in touristy Vegas, The waitress seemed overwhelmed. She spilled juice on my mother in law and then apologized and turned away, she wasn't on point and we ended up getting more help from the busboy.......
2	Underwhelmed.  That's really all I can say about Hash House a Go-Go at Rio.  Maybe we ordered the wrong thing?  Maybe we were there on an off day?Or maybe it just doesn't live up to the hype?Yes, the portions were very large.  But... the "crispy potatoes" weren't crispy.  Nor were they anything better than luke-warm.  Even the eggs were luke-warm.The only good part about the meal was the coffee.In my opinion, not worth the price, not worth the hype... food was on par with Denny's or IHOP.
4	We had chicken and waffles and The Basic. Food was good, and fast. Our server was very friendly and explained the menu well and even provided us with recommendations.  For the two meals, a screwdriver and a soda it was 47.00 overall not bad but a little high priced.
4	Big, Clean Restaurant
3	Had breakfast here during a recent stay at the Rio- all around good food, huge portions! I ordered the HH original benedict, which was pretty good- but it kinda threw me off. The description said something about a creamy pepper sauce on top. When it was served to me it looked like spaghetti sauce (not exactly what I was expecting!). Once I scraped off a majority of the sauce it was pretty good, but I would not order that benedict again. If you are hungover or just want a big satisfying breakfast this is the best place to go in the Rio.
3	Bacon in my waffle? YES, please!We knew the portions were going to be generous... but DANG!Service: 3 starsAmbience: 3 starsFood: 4 starsOverall: 3 starsI love breakfast food... So, when I found this place in the hotel we were staying at, I was quite excited. This isn't a place to go out of your way for, but when it's convenient, it's great.We ordered family style, and ordered way too much. The three of us shared:Chicken and Waffles ---- Yummy (not mind-blowing, but yummy nonetheless) and ridiculous in proportion (check out other peoples' photos to verify) and quite unique.Side Salad --- Not sure what the dressing was, but it was good. Everything was fresh.Healthy Breakfast, Egg White Omelette with Fruit --- Good, for healthy food.My cousin also got a Bloody Mary. She really liked it; I never fancied the taste of tomato juice, especially spicy tomato juice, but she said it was really good. Service was OK. Nothing bad, except she could've been quicker on the water refills. I never hit bottom on my coffee because those refills came quickly, but the coffee was pretty much water to me. (Not terrible, but not amazing coffee, either)Overall, I'll probably come here again if I stay at the Rio, and try some other dishes. Bring friends so you can share... or not :)
4	Love this place, the scenario of "twisted farm forod" sits well with me. I've been there a few times, and they do breakfast very well, nice presentation and good flavor. Stay away from the chicken and waffles...both the chicken and waffle are too dense, I find that many restaurants want to serve this dish, but not many can pull it off. Pancakes on the other hand are delicious!
5	Best biggest pancake I ever had! Great service , very friendly servers. Server was very informative about menu and helpful in suggesting different entrees. I willgo back for sure.
1	The service here is probably the worst of any restaurant I've been to, and it makes me miss the days when Hash House was at M. I've had friendlier service at Arby's (for real).The food is so-so and comes in huge portions. I always order the sage fried chicken plate with mashed potatoes, two eggs and a biscuit -- today, the eggs were runny, so much so that there was a yellow liquid pooling underneath that made the eggs look like they were sitting in soup. The fried chicken was really dry and lukewarm on top of that, and the mashed potatoes had zero flavor. Sometimes restaurants have off days with the food,  but there's never any excuse for poor service. Our waiter (I think his name was Brian) was so busy legitimately giving my family a hard time for ordering basic breakfasts -- he says, why order a basic when you're at a restaurant with so many creative options -- that he screwed up my uncle's order and forgot to add the extra egg. On top of that, all but one dish was brought out at the same time, so we were half finished by the time my aunt got her breakfast. I got up to find our waiter, but he blew right past me so I asked the hostess if she could check on what was going on. A few minutes later, we flagged him down and instead of apologizing, we get a lecture about how all the food is brought out fresh as it's finished -- that's cool, but it should have been better timed and he could have at least given us a heads up we'd be waiting an extra 15 mins after everyone else got served. To boot, we had to snag a hostess to pour coffee for the table after we only got served one cup in the 45 minutes we'd been sitting there. For people who thought this spot could replace the one at the M, it doesn't . Try your luck elsewhere. Quick tip: they don't have the 55+ menu at this location.
4	7:30am...had their HH signature burger!  both my compadres were served first...I finished before them...that's how good their burgers were...definitely would come back twice!
4	It was a good time. Those boyz from Indiana sure know how to cook. The twisted farm food menu is great. The portions are enormous and the service is friendly, but a little pushy as to what they think you should order. The waiter was trying to get us to be adventurous with Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict w/ maple reduction, 2 eggs, bacon, mashed potatoes & biscuit which by the way was excellent. The Stolichnaya spicy bloody mary is a hit, don't go for the take home sparkle glass unless you can drop it in in your room after eating. My son had the Traditional Buttermilk 12" Flapjack w/ brown sugar & Banana. Also, quite tasty.  I would rather miss three meals just so I can enjoy this type of good cook'in. See you next time I'm in Vegas :))
2	Eh, I have reviewed the one on Sahara and have gone there twice.  This one, I do not know why, left a lot to be desired. The staff is different, the food was not that good, and it definitely did not have the usual Hash House a Go-Go atmosphere.
1	Horrible. Brought us the wrong food, didn't even bring our drinks that we ordered so we had them taken off the bill.Plus the food wasn't even all that great. They have a lot of unusual combination items that just don't work well together.
2	Not Calified. If you are really hungry then go for it but don't expect to be compensated for bringing wheat instead of rye, over well means over-well, not runny. It took three times and the same number of servers (communication? ). Waiting on eggs to come back for over 5 minutes only to hear, no one told me from our waitress. Ok, I'm done. But no, there is more. Wait for it... no really wait for it because we had to ask for our soda refill as it was simply forgotten. She said it was a bad day (maybe only for her, it happens) but when we got our bill, no apology and no "come back on a better day" discount. Keep in mind, that a glass of milk cost more than a gallon ($4.25).
5	WHEW Sweet Baby Jesus!! The food here was amazing!! I wont lie after eating at the one in The Plaza I was a little turned off by their food. However after some convincing I am glad I made this trip! I got the Andy's Fried Chicken Benedict... MOUTH WATERING!! The mashed potatoes were amazing, The biscuits soft, the chicken juicy and crispy!! Just amazing!!
5	I love that is off the strip and next to an indoor starbucks On a hot summer day really you won't even feel like driving out if you are already staying in the Rio.There is no wait, minimal crowd even during breakfast time. The service is a bit slow, i must saw. I never got my plates or utensils so just had eat of my hands or use my kids. OH wait, those are mine! That is what you'll be saying once you bite into their waffles or potatoes or whatever it is you ordered.  Silence is golden and so is the wonderful golden pancakes and syrup staring at me.. OH man.  Breakfast is the start of a great day.Portions are generous and frankly very shareable...but hey this is mine!! Even the hot cocoa was spilling with marshmallows and gooeyness.  I wonder if other chains are like that...but definitely will be back.
5	I had the number 3 scramble with crispy potatoes.  It was one of the best breakfast meals that I have ever had.  Amazing!  Service was great.  I actually came back twice for the same meal already!  Love it !
3	Since my hubs and BIL grew up on a farm, this restaurant was a perfect place to take them. When we glanced at the menu, we noticed that most of their pancakes stated certain types, as only being given one pancake. When my BIL ordered the snickers pancake, we understood exactly why. The pancake was ginormous! It overtook the whole plate and I would have to guesstimate that they added 5-6 half size snicker bars. He also got a side of whipped cream, which we accidentally mistook for the butter. I would've been in food coma if I took more than two bites, but thankfully my BIL is still young enough, to the point where he can eat anything and it not affect his weight. My hubs and I split an order of chicken and waffles. The chicken itself was pretty good. Not the best I've had, but the waffles were unique, since it was stuffed with a whole slice of bacon. The waffle tasted more bread like to me, so I wasn't a fan of that, but my hubs seemed to like it. It was pretty big and enough for both of us to split. The syrup they gave us was not enough, so other than those few things, I would rate this place three stars. Our waiter wasn't very attentive and forgot about our drink orders, but did take them off the bill for us, so that was a plus.
4	Enjoyed our meal. We had the Kokomo, a meatloaf sandwich w a crispy baked mozzarella cover, tasted like a meatloaf parmigiana. What stood out for us was the excellent service from our server, Laura from Kentucky. She was very professional and experienced. She provided things to us without us asking, for instance an extra plate. I always ask for suggestions when I'm at a new place and she was so helpful. Hubz ordered a beer and didn't like it. She offered to substitute it with something else, but he declined. Love when we get great service!
3	The burgers are perfectly season that you don't need the condiments. Which is very rare to find. They just need to work on service.
3	We walk past here almost everyday on the way to play poker and it seems strange that it would only be open until 3pm considering the amount of people currently at this location. Finally we got to try it on a day off! The portion sizes are huge, I guess for the price of the meals they should be. I ordered the Andy's special which was melted cheese with scrambled egg, fried chicken, bacon spinach, tomato, biscuit on griddled potato mash thing and chipotle cream on the side. Oh and a wedge of watermelon and a strawberry. When It arrived at the table I thought they had brought the wrong thing over it was that huge. I attempted to dismantle it so I could start eating it but it was piled up so high the fried chicken fell off the top and knocked my full large glass of orange juice over onto my meal. I think the orange juice actually helped the potato thing because that was pretty dry. I still managed to get through most of it (except the biscuit and potato..trying to watch my waistline hahaha). It was all just ok. Not overly tasty not overly anything.. Just big and edible... The service was good as well. The lady replaced my OJ. Everyone else's meals were pretty much the same.. Nothing wrong with it just nothing fabulous.. Yet to find a decent breakfast place in Vegas!!! Would I come back here? Only if I was desperate..
4	The Basic was pretty good.  I really liked the griddled mash potatoes which came w/ the eggs.  The eggs were a bit runny however the waiter brought me another order which were delicious.  I will definitely go back when I'm in Vegas.  The Basic and a small orange juice cost $17.01 w/o tip which is pretty good for Vegas food prices.
4	Large portions and delicious food! We got three dishes and split it amongst seven people. I'm not usually a big fan of chicken and waffles but this one was a hit. They also had really good corned beef hash with potatoes and a biscuit.
1	Food was fantastic and portions were huge. The rest of the experience was not so memorable.  Our waiter obviously did not feel that we were worth the trouble of treating us like all of his other tables around us. He never smiled or  offered us any suggestions when asked. He wandered around the floor talking to his other parties and came back to us after waiting 10 mins. This was after asking his assistance to get his attention.  He took our order without a word and we did not see him until we complained to the manager about our experience. The manager was great and listened to us, making no excuses for the shaved head waiter from New York who should be working elsewhere. The food Fantastic!The service.......go somewhere else where they treat locals like family.
3	I hate wasting food! I wish they would make 1/2 orders available. I had the salmon Benedict and there were too many components that didn't work together. I wish the old Cafe was still at the Rio, they served the BEST benedicts.
4	Found this location on Yelp and we decided to come here instead of the other location because of reading all the reviews of how long the wait is at the other location. Luckily we didn't have to wait at all at this location and we had a pretty big group too. Everyone pretty much ordered the same things. I shared with 2 of my friends. We ordered the chicken and waffles and the smoked salmon scramble and also a side of sweet potato fries. The waffles had bacon in it...and it was suprisingly amazing. I also tried a bit of my friends fried chicken benedict and it was also amazing...I don't know if the food was just tasted good because I wasn't entirely sober or if it was just that amazing. Our server kind of also convinced all of us to get mimosas. Too bad they don't offer bottomless mimosas....I'm taking a star off because the mimosa was actually really horrible. It was probably the worst mimosa I've ever had. Not sure if I'll be coming back again, but if I do, I'll probably be back more sober.
4	Great service. Food was cool. Our server Laura is the best. The nicest lady and helped us a lot with the menu and all its options. Ask for Laura and tip her very well. She earned it!
5	Place is great pricey tho but food is awesome. Orange juice was $6.50.Had a great BLT bloody marry with my HH Original breakfast and everything wss great. Staff was awesome. I will be going back.
4	HUGE PORTIONS....like for real....HUGE!  I love the downhome comfort food , with a twist, served up by HH.  This is a regular stop on all my trips to Vegas.
5	Omg!!! Biggest food portions ever! So many great items to choose from. I'm not going to go in to lengthy detail, but just look at the pictures and you can see how much food you get. The taste was as good as it looks! We had the giant burger, scrambled eggs with bacon and avocado and cheese, and Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict. The price seems high but when you consider the amount of food it's not bad at all! So be prepared to share most of the dishes and enjoy!!! If you are at the Rio you have to try this place!
3	Service sucked!!! They take your order right away and then disappear. They reappear a year later with the bill in hand. Never checked in on us to see if we needed anything. When flagged down and asked them for something they make it seem like you just asked them for their first born child. Food 5 stars service 2 stars.
2	More Hype than good food. I have the Banana Pancake & I also had a Vanilla Waffle   I went to the one at the RIO and perhaps it was just that one.  I would suggest you try a Brunch Item vs a Breakfast only item.
4	**If you're into big country-style meals that will satisfy a plethora of palates, this place is for you. It's home-grubbin, stick-to-yo-belly, 'Murican food.**I've been to Hash House A Go Go many times. I went to the one at the M Resort (now closed), the one at The Quad and the one at the Rio. So far, the Rio one is my favorite, it is HUGE and there is no ginormous wait. The ambiance does feel like you're at a convention center cafe rather than a restaurant but that's ok, it's a trade off. The ones at the Quad and The Plaza are more kitschy and a lot smaller, there's usually a long wait on weekend mornings. I'm going to review all the dishes I've had at the different Hash houses and put them here, just because I'm lazy. Since it's a chain, hopefully the food tastes the same from location to location. In general, I'd say the food is ok to great, but nothing fan-tab-u-lous. I've had 5 star experiences and 3 star experiences, depending on what I ordered. The food could be compared to Claim Jumpers, enormous portions, tasty, calorie-ridden and oh-so-'Murican. Get ready to plow a few fields after eating here. Here's what I got at the Rio location: Kiwi Watermelon Lemonade $5 - Excellent. It comes layered in a tall glass. I loved the watermelon lemonade, I could taste the watermelon. The Kiwi was a bit syrupy and sweet but still refreshing. Portobello Sandwich $13 - 3.5 stars, it's a solid sandwich, very filling. For some reason I always come here when I'm not hungry (go figure) and this sandwich is the healthiest, lightest option for me. It's got a strange tang, either from the sauce or the mushroom but it doesn't taste bad. And it's huge, definitely not a frou-frou portion. #2 Scramble - Ham, spinach & cheddar. Decent. Love their huge biscuit that they serve with a side of blueberry sauce. The food on this trip was decent. 3.5 stars. But not my favorite dishes from Hash House. Here's food I've gotten on different visits: Sage Fried Chicken & Waffles - two sage fried chicken breasts with hardwood smoked bacon waffle tower, hot maple reduction and fried leeks. This is really good, a huge portion. I liked everything on it, the chicken, the hand mashed potatoes and the fried leeks. 5 stars, my favorite dish here. The Kokokmo - Griddled HH famous meatloaf made with our blend of fresh ground beef, sausage and bacon all trimmed with roasted tomato & griddled smoked mozzarella cheese on milk bread. The make a killer meatloaf, but I don't care for their stuffed meatloaf. The sandwich is better and cheaper. Highly recommend it. 4.5 stars.
2	We are HUGE fans of the original Hash House in San Diego. 4-5 stars with an amazing food experience plus outstanding service. I honestly tried to love this place but they fall way short of the original. Although service was great, the quality of the food can't be compared to the San Diego location. We came here twice in 2 days hoping that the first day was just a bad day. Both times our food came unexpectedly quick (within 5-7 min), and tasted pre cooked. The #5 stuffed burger was just okay. The hamburger meat was fast food quality and tasted bland. For $15, I expect good quality meat and great flavors. The day before I ordered the corned beef hash. Again, the food tasted like it was precooked and warmed to order. Highly disappointed. Way too much cheese (and I LOVE cheese). The breakfast biscuit was super hard. If you're looking for quantity with mediocre quality, this place is for you. The price of the plates and the overall quality of the food do not make sense in my book.
5	Big portions and good food.
3	Huge and I mean huge portions.  Pancakes as big as your head. And the food is actually quite tasty. Different fruit juice mimosas are a dream! Good brunch place!
2	Super strange food. Very VERY expensive. I think people like this place because it's weird. No one needs portions like this and it's all odd. I'm not saying the food is bad, but $50 for two people to have weird breakfast food isn't worth it. Bring on a diner omelette!
4	I have eaten at this chain hefore, but at the one at the Quad. The service at the Rio was excellent! Steve was an attentive waiter and Lion assisted him The staff at the Quad hash house should take not about the speed and court news of this staff.
4	So. Much. Food. So much yummy food. Stayed at the Rio for a convention with my dad and sister, and since we opted out of a rental car we were limited to the restaurants on site, and this was our breakfast and lunch go-to for 3 days (would have been dinner spot as well had they been open).My sister has some food allergies and when we told our 1st server, Steve, he was extremely helpful with suggestions. Thank you Steve! 5 star service for him. Food itself is what you'd expect (only monster sized). Yummy, filling, hearty breakfasts, big burgers with all kinds of fixings, standard fries, and surprisingly good produce and salads. My dad and I shared skillets with a side of meat or fruit depending on the day and it was just the right amount. Skillet comes with biscuit and two eggs (I don't eat eggs and he doesn't eat biscuits so it was perfect for us). Sister had sides of chicken sausage, pork sausage, corned beef, ham (on separate days!) and shared the fruit bowls. All sides were yummy. I also like that the meat is plated on spinach so there's a bit of green to eat. Burgers for lunch (or breakfast) were prepared to order and the cucumber dressing in the salad was great. Fresh squeezed juices were great too. Prices might seem a little much, but considering the portions  I think it's reasonable. Especially when you can't go anywhere else!
5	Insanely delicious! Portions are gargantuan. Presentation of food fabulous. The baby burger was more than enough for me with 1/2 leftover. I opted for side salad and It came with deliciously refreshing cucumber ranch dressing. Yummo. My boyfriend got the Pork tenderloin dish and the meat itself covered the entire plate! A bit pricey but def worth the money!
4	The food was excellent. Be warned though, the portions are huge.I had the sage fried chicken hash. It was very good. The breading was crispy, the chicken was juicy.  I opted out of getting it with cheese or the sauce.  The fried potatoes were very good too, but it is hard to make bad fried potatoes.If I were to go back, I'd probably share the plate and get an appetizer.
1	Probably won't be back, food was ok except for the fact we Didn't receive all our food. Even though the manager comped our cold food this was only due to the fact we stopped him And asked for him to come over. Just was a little upsetting after waiting 30 min for a table, 30 min for our food which we only received 1/2 our order. Another plate came 15 min later and our last plate never came. We let the waitress know that we don't want the plate anymore we get a reply ok good.  Hmmm if you don't mind poor service and taking the chance of your food not showing  then go here. There was other things wrong as well like the general manager sitting there laughing and chatting away with the head chef while he texted for 10-15 min and the kitchen we were told was very backed. I don't know about them but if I was the manager and head chef I would be back there trying to do everything I can to get us caught up. Just very disappointing
4	I was not expecting that. Biggest pancake I have ever seen/eaten and boy was it good! Delicious breakfast and fun food. Huge servings and it was reasonably priced. I would definitely eat here again.
3	I've eaten here a couple times and just don't get what the hype is all about.  The portions are wasteful and the food is just okay.  There is nothing farm fresh about it. Service is fine though.
5	This place has amazing food! Their chicken and waffles are delicious! Be aware that the portions here are HUGE so if you don't have a big appetite make sure to share! Their pancakes are delicious and fluffy, but over 12 inches in diameter. Their French toast is soft and full of flavor and their chicken and waffles just top it all off. The chicken is soft and juicy. The waffles have bacon strips in them! Just a great experience over all! The servers are friendly and they've all got great attitudes. Prices are decent for Vegas.
1	No, out of three friends,  three different meals, everything was bad.  We all agreed worse breakfast of our lives.
1	I don't often give 1-star reviews, and I think most people who do have personality disorders, but the public needs to be warned. Do not believe the rave reviews. The pancakes had to be cut with a knife. The potatoes were burned. The orange juice was not fresh-squeezed. The biscuits were so dry it was like eating sawdust. Then they try to rush you. And the prices? Three adults paid over $90 for eggs and pancakes.
5	Yum!!! I had the Sage Friend Eggs Benedict and my husband had the meatloaf sandwich. Both were delicious!! The portions are absolutely huge! Great service and great food. Love Hash House!!
4	Good god the amount of food at Hash House is no joke. We were on our way out of town and looking for a good brunch style meal to indulge in before heading on the drive back to LA. We stumbled upon Hash House on yelp and decided to give it a go. I am not sure why this location is rated lower than the other two in town, I risked it and went to Rio anyways. This place is hidden away a bit and not super busy. We got a table right away, and the wait staff was very nice. Upon seeing the menu we all chose different things. This was a mistake, because even with four starving guys, we could have easily split two or three meals. Also the menu had some serious readability issues. I would argue that they really need to get that redesigned for increased readability. I decided to go with the classic chicken and waffles. When this plate came out the potion was massive for less than $20. Two large pieces of fried chicken (mostly breast, but a little bone existed). 4 thick Belgium waffles. A smorgasbord of topping and plating arrangement to make it look sexy. The syrup was light and really enjoyable. I loved cramming the chicken, waffle, and syrup combo into my mouth. Rather tasty. To my surprise the waffles were cooked with bacon in the middle. Now i don't know if that was on the menu or not, but it was a shock to me. A very pleasant and welcome shock. My friends plates were equally as large and tasty. We all left feeling gorged.
3	I was in Vegas for my annual guys weekend and we normally stay at the Rio because of the comps most of us get.  On our last morning there we were going to head to the buffet for breakfast but learned the buffet only opens for breakfast on the weekends now.  So the only other place to eat breakfast is the Hash House where their old coffee shop used to be.We were seated quickly.  The food was ok.  Large portions, but the taste was just ok, nothing great.  I know there are different locations throughout Vegas and people always said you should check it out.  Now that I did, I wasn't really impressed.  I had biscuits and gravy and one of my friends had the waffle.  I can't remember what the others had, but all of us walked away from there saying it wasn't great.Overall, I would give the service a B and the food a C.  I guess it comes down to this...would I recommend this to someone?  My answer would be no.
5	Came here during vacation and thought of trying it out. The portions are really big and reasonable pricing. The food is made from scratch and was DELICIOUS!!! DEFINITELY recommend this place
5	The food here is bomb.  HUGE portions.  My husband and I know this walking in but some how always end up ordering our own meals.  We make sure to stay close to this restaurant so we can sneak in during not so busy hours.
1	First off they gave our table to another group of 7 knowing we were waiting. They were getting it ready for us and they sat the wrong group.. Not us.. Then my food came out last.. And I mean LAST. My group was done with their food when I finally received mine. Very disappointed
4	Cool place to get a huge portion of really tasty food. I had the Sage chicken and waffles it was really awesome... It was way too much to eat all at once. I was happy to take it home and enjoy it later in the day. This is a restaurant that has the food to back up the reputation the flavor is there!The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because my boyfriend was not as crazy about his huge pork sandwich.. It was good but not as fab as mine. We'll be back for sure
3	I have always had the breakfasts at HH, but for the new location, decided to try something new and got a burger... BIG (no pun intended) mistake... just a huge chunk of tasteless meat - not even stuffed as advertised-just layered.  The herb tree they stick in the middle gives everything a funky taste - I suggest ordering any meal asking without it since many come with it...The only thing that saved this was the seasoned fries...yummm
1	Food had no flavor. Ordered the corned beef hash for breakfast and I got mashed potatoes instead of fried ones. Plus the potatoes were on the side. A small pile of corned beef with even a bigger pile of cheese on top of it. Two eggs over easy that had no flavor at all. A biscuit that I think was made the day before, was hard and dry. Jelly that looked and tasted like the jelly that Costco sells. Overall hated everything. Wife had there pumpkin pancakes. They were not that flavorful. Needed more pumpkin flavor. Her ham was dry and her eggs also didn't have any flavor and not cooked right. Needless to say, we will never eat there again.
3	The service was great, but the waiter was a little pushy. He kept trying to change our minds about the orders. I'm not sure if he just really wanted us to try their specials and experience something new or if he was trying to say that some items on the menu are just not good. I chose a basic breakfast and it was pretty good. The potatoes were seasoned very well. I probably wouldn't eat there again but it was not a bad experience or meal.
1	Never, ever, again.I don't know why I thought for a second I would enjoy this place on this trip. Last time, back in June, it failed me. And again, it failed.The waiter didn't listen, so when I corrected what type of eggs I wanted, he had moved on and didn't bother to correct it. The ending presentation was raw, sunny side up eggs (gag)They buff up their meals with potatoes to refrain from spending any extra money on giving the customers what they want. I ordered the corned beef hash, I had maybe an ounce of meat, and over 3 cups of potatoes.The biscuits here are like hockey pucks. It legit hurt when I chucked the damn thing at my husband.I will be sticking to the Starbucks next door for a fruit plate and water. You guys can keep your mediocre food and rude waiters.
2	Huge portions / poor quality.  Basically all of the buffets in the Rio are horrible and, of course, quite expensive.  You are better off eating at the Mediterranean or the Asia restaurants.  Not cheap, but excellent quality.
2	It must really depend on what you order, because this is my third time at Hash House (first time at this location) and this time it was just OK.  I've had great experiences at other HH's (San Diego and Downtown LV), but not so much at this location.  Service and everything was OK (although they forgot to bring one of our small orders and still charged for it).  No worries though, we caught it and got it fixed without problem.The food looks pretty and abundant, but the flavors fell flat of expectation this time.  I ordered one of the Eggs Benedict and it just tasted like eating spaghetti sauce. Not enough egg benedict and too much mashed potato.  Pretty disappointing.  Everyone else also seemed to not be very impressed with their meal.  I probably would have had a better experience at Dennys, to be completely truthful.
3	Went around brunch time with a party of 5 on a Saturday and was seated within a few minutes. I was excited to try their food but was a little let down. Pros:+ Waiter Jose, was very nice and friendly. It seemed as if they were under staffed that day as he was serving many tables at once. But he was still very helpful. + Clean restaurant, interesting decor+ Food portions were huge, tasted...just okay. Cons:- Although portions are huge food is just okay, nothing great. We had two orders of the egg Benedict (not sure if it was noted on the menu) came with a type of red spaghetti sauce, which was rather odd to us.      - Extremely rude busser, wasn't pleasant or friendly. At one point the guy on the table next to use asked him for the check since he was the only one there at the moment, and he replied in a harsh manner, "I'm not your waiter" and continues to do what he was doing. He could of at least said let me get your waiter for you.Overall experience was okay, don't think it'll be on our 'must do' list next vegas trip.
3	Food is good and huge portions.  No complaints except for the service.  Seated pretty quickly,  got our drinks right away but then had to wait for about 25 minutes before our waiter decided to come by.  Once our order went in our food came out fairly quickly.  We will return and I do recommend.
4	I realllyyyyy wanted to go with the Sage chicken and waffles which this place is so famously known for. But I took a peek at the table next to us. The portion size looked soooo huge and since my boyfriend doesn't like fried chicken, it was just too much for my tummy to intake by my lonesome. Instead I got the ham bacon Farm Scramble! It was delish, nothing exceptionally special. I got them with a side of mashed and that mashed potatoes seemed up really hit the spot. I would definitely go here again. Oh and the service was good. No issues. Brought water and food w/in a reasonable time frame.
5	So much food you can share one of anything breakfast hash is amazing, oatmeal is like three orders anywhere else.
2	Very bland foods. Not worth your time at all. I usually am a fan of restaurants that cater to just a certain type of menu, because it means that they actually provide great foods for that menu alone. Hash House does breakfast/brunch items, which sounds great on paper. I ordered the steak and eggs, around $20 for the plate. Asked for steak medium and eggs scrambled I'm sure the casual diner will love the runny eggs, with juice oozing out of, but scrambled to me shouldn't be runny, so I was not a big fan of it at all. While I know that there's nothing worse than overcooked eggs, watery undercooked are not my thing so have that in mind. The steak was just....bland. Not bad just, nothing that would make me want to go back. The side of hash was good though. so I really enjoyed it, but that's about it.
4	Food is unique.  Combinations you'll probably never see anywhere else.  "Twisted farm food" indeed.  It's quite good.  Portions are huge, so two people can fill up on an $18 entree.  Only downside:  be prepared to wait.  The place is big and busy, so service is slow.  Also, the only other alternative for breakfast at the Rio is an expensive buffet.
3	Pretty crowded since it is in the Rio hotel.  I like the restaurant in San Diego.  Great breakfast specialties, hashes, corned beef hash, waffles, pancakes, variety of egg dishes and omelet yes.  I had the hash with basil, potatoes, goat cheese, yummy.  Friend had the corned beef hash, she didn't care for, not seasoned nor spiced, fatty and greasy.  The waiter at the counter looked at her non-touched hash and said "didn't like it did you?".......no sh..t really, you observed her uneaten, untouched dish....blah, she is not a fan, I don't care for this location,but will continue to visit their San Diego location...
4	Bloody Mary was spicy but tasty, coming with a garnish of olives and a lil pickle. Generous cup size and food portions. Shared the blueberry pecan pancakes with a side of scrambled eggs and bacon. Pancakes were great! Observed a chicken and waffles plate which looked like the ultimate comfort food platter. Generous portions for most plates, if you're not too hungry and wanna share. Otherwise, wear elastic pants or unbutton that top button. Lots of guests have eaten here, like Penn and Teller, with their signed and framed  photographs decorating the entrance's walls.
5	I vowed to go back to Hash House A Go Go after trying it for the first time at the Imperial Palace and not liking what I ordered (http://www.yelp.com/biz/hash-house-a-go-go-las-vegas-5?hrid=iNK3civmn3ucUVSnXr1Xeg).  What brought me back was seeing how great everyone else's food looked compared to mine.  I was very disappointed the first time around and had to give it another shot. I was already staying at the Rio, so this location was very convenient.  There were several things that I liked better about this Hash House than at the Imperial Palace, mostly that it felt less stuffy.  Overall, it was a much better dining experience. My instincts to give it another shot paid off as I really enjoyed my food.  I ordered the bacon waffle, which was a waffle with bacon in the center that stuck out of each corner.  My plan was to order a waffle and a side of bacon, but this covered all my bases!  It was slightly on the salty side, but my waiter had warned me about that prior to ordering.  It was a unique and tasty breakfast plate that I thoroughly enjoyed.  My opinion of Hash House A Go Go significantly upgraded after this visit.  The food, service, and atmosphere were all excellent.  There were also many other things on the menu that I would like to try and I look forward to going back.
3	When the plates arrived my first thought was "that is a lot of food on that platter". My second thought was "why is there a pine tree in my food?".Other reviewers were not exaggerating about the portions. Our breakfasts actually came on what would be considered a serving platter. I recommend sharing a meal with one or two other people. I had one of the scrambles which came with their fried mashed potatoes and a biscuit. This was my first time trying fried mashed potatoes and thought they were good, but not amazing. I think that the same can be said for the rest of the meal. One of my friends had the sage chicken and waffles and the other had the biscuits and gravy. We were all in agreement that everything was good to fine. I think sometimes quantity does not equal quality. I also thought it was pricey for breakfast food, but granted maybe not for the portion. I think I would have preferred a smaller portion anyway. Hash House has several fun drink options, both alcoholic, such as their different types of mimosas and bloody marts, and virgin, such as their watermelon kiwi lemonade. Again, this is Vegas, so most of the prices were high.Random complaint: the restaurant is open to the casino, meaning there is not a wall between the hall and the restaurant, only a railing. We were seated next to the railing. There was a long line waiting for the restaurant that queued against the railing and our table. It was a bit awkward to eat with someone standing next to you waiting with their elbow a foot away from your food.
3	There are tons of restaurants on the strip but if you are staying at Rio and don't want to leave the hotel I would say this is a place to go. The portion here are HUGE so if you can share a dish I  would definitely recommend it. We ordered the chicken and waffles because we saw a photo of the guy from Man vs Food saying it was the best chicken and waffles. I would have to agree that the chicken has a lot of flavor but I would not say it was the best. The chicken was moist and I could taste the sage. The waffle was fluffy and has bits of bacon in the middle of the waffle which caught me by surprise.  How they presented the dish was amazing! It did not look like they just slapped it on haha. The average price for a dish is about $12-$15 which is a pretty good deal since the portions are huge.
4	In Vegas for a conference and ate there 3 times in a week. 1st meal was Andy's sage fried chicken w/ fresh spinach, hardwood smoked bacon, tomato, griddled mozzarella, chipotle cream and scrambled eggs. Flavors were good. My only complaint was that the chicken was dry. 2nd meal was The Kokomo-Griddled meatloaf, roasted tomato and smoked mozzarella on old fashioned milk bread. It was really great. The 3rd and last meal was my favorite. Chicken Pot Pie-Roasted chicken, pan gravy, farm fresh veggies in an upside down cracker crust shell. It was fantastic. All the servings are huge. The wait staff was excellent. Would go again.
5	Can't wait to be back. Nice and clean restaurant with high level of service. Hungarian bartender Lady is killing it. We got what we were looking for and more. Every meal is fresh and deff on the big portion side. Looking forward to experience it again.
5	Excellent!  There was "nothing" to complain about!  My husband is so funny - except the quantity.  For us it was perfect if our tummies were younger. Services from everyone was so nice.
4	I am giving 4 stars since you can feed a family with one dish without sacrificing  flavor for under $20. Maybe not a family of four but of three. Had the beef hash and the fried chicken benedict ( way way bigger than any Benedict I have ever seen). Both great dishes.
5	I've never been to a Hash House, so I followed along with my bro in law.  Staff is friendly, decor is interesting.  After browsing the menu, good, delicious plates.  My bro in law said the plates were big, but hey, I've dealt with big plates before.  So I asked the server, what's good for breakfast and she said the Benny something, I forgot name.  I didn't notice that next to it, it said "a Man versus Food favorite". Well, when I received plate, goodness gracious!   It was a beast!  A platter with a base of hash browns, two huge biscuits, tomatoes and a monstrous piece of chicken fried steak.  All drowned in chipotle sauce.  Then there was a steak knife stabbed right down the middle.  I started like a man, but ended a whimpering child.  If your not a breakfast person, go and order a Mcsomething.  But for a manly breakfast, swing on by.  On this occasion, man lost!
1	Rio has ruined a great breakfast. Food is not the same as the original. Food was cold service is poor. Go to the free standing spot not in a casino.
1	As a 25 year resident of Vegas, I've heard of this place for years and finally decided to give it a try. The most amazing thing about the place is all the rave reviews I have read about this place. I have a question of these rave reviewers; What planet are you from? Or, "was there indoor plumbing where you grew up?"  My wife and I went here a few weeks ago for breakfast around 9am on a weekday morning. The place is fairly large but there was no line and very few diners so we were seated quickly. Heres the bottom line on our experience; if you fancy huge portions of unattractive, barely edible and overpriced SLOP, then by all means go to this place and you wont be disappointed.  Now, if you enjoy GOOD breakfast fare at a reasonable price then I suggest BLUEBERRY HILL (several locations) which is highly favored by the "locals" here.
2	One of my favorite jaunts for breakfast in Vegas besides the griddle is hash. House a Go go extreme happiness while staying at rio to discover they have one there nowFast forward to breakfast next day and all I can say is what happened to a great breakfast place? But I think I can come up with the answer, let's take a semi upscale trendy place and stick it where a coffee shop was but keep all the same employees in place and see what we get.  What you get is horrible inattentive service by people that clearly don't want to be there, no smiles no happiness food served cold and a floor manager that you could not get hold off because he was way to busy trying to look busy walking around in circles while keeping his head high enough to ignore the stares of confused diners who were under the impression they were getting what they paid for.Sorry hash house love your food but this location may be a huge mistake, it may even keep me from staying at the Rio because I love breakfast but not at this place
4	We are here to have a bite to eat the lane to sit down is about fifteen minutes.  The coffee was good and our waitress was very nice and the chicken and waffles a must-have
5	Love this place! Tried San Diego now vegas. Huge servings, great food, and not to to over priced! Great place to try while in Las vegas!!!
4	First off, very fresh food, and HUGE portions! It is pretty expensive even for a Las Vegas restaurant. However is the food size and quality makes it completely worth it. I recommend you split a plate if you are visiting because it will just go to waste if you can't take it back to your hotel room. I had their version of the Reuben sandwich and that was some of the best corned beef I've ever had.  my friend had the banana pancake; imagine Bananas Foster with pancake batter for it over the top of it into a 12 inch skillet 1" thick size of heaven.I would have gave it 5 stars easily but service was pretty bad we only got our drinks once we never got offered refills. Our server was very persistent in upselling certain items. He made it very obvious that they were trying to sell specific menu items today.  The food did come out fast and you could certainly tell it. Was made from scratch. I highly recommend this place if you come to Vegas. Just maybe try one of the other locations. I will definitely come back and eat here each time I'm in Vegas.
4	Extra large portions! You've been warned (: Funky decorations and plating. Brings back memories from the great SD location!
3	This is located where the San Palo cafe used to be.  The decor is still the same, coffee house and only served a brunch menu.  I had the scramble and it was good, but not anything spectacular.  The biscuits, um no thank you.  I think they are made with Bisquick and very hard and cold.  I wish the Rio would have a normal breakfast selection as well.The service was much better than the food.
5	After hearing good things about this place, we decided to have breakfast/brunch at the Rio location. We got there around 11:30am and got a seat for 5 immediately. A very different situation leaving after 1:00pm when there were lines of 20+ people. We ordered chicken and (bacon) waffle tower, chorizo hash skillet, blueberry tractor driver combo and banana French toast.  All dishes were made perfectly and although they eat came one at a time with 2-5 min wait in between, I appreciate that as they were made they were brought to the table and not sitting under a heat lamp.  The portions are Vegas sized (which means humongous! :)) and each could be shared between 2 people.  Definitely on the list to go back on our next trip!
1	Extremely disappointing. Eggs and sausage were cold. Hash browns tasted like left over from day before with bitter aftertaste. Signature item fresh biscuit was stale, cold and lacked taste. Only saving grace was the Ethiopian coffee. French toast was huge portion and passable but not the best. Spoke to waitstaff to provide feedback to kitchen.
1	This place is horrible and over priced for what it is! Their hash plates consist of over salted potatoes with your choice of side dumped on top of them. Not  cooked in like a hash should be. The potatoes seemed like they are the kind you get out of a frozen bag. My eggs were cold, biscuit was ok. You know it's a bad place when the waiters don't even ask you how their food is because they know it sucks! My husband and I spent $34 for breakfast but the food was so shitty we were still hungry after we left!
2	I had a huge burger and it was ok. I would have liked a little less quantity and more quality. Not a place I would return to. I ate about 1/3 my meal and was disappointed. The tractor is cool.
