4	This place used to be a mattress factory and now it presents several floors of modern art. I have to say it wasn't as impressive as the Andy Warhol Museum and the place kind of creeped me out. Each floor starts out as a blank canvas and you have to follow a dark maze to reach the artwork. One of the neatest exhibitions is from Yayoi Kusama, she has a serious obsession with dots.
5	I love this place.  Where else can you sit in a dark room and come out 15 minutes later, thinking wow, that is art?  Maybe that's only me.What's interesting is that a lot of the pieces often don't have descriptions next to them, making it wonderfully confusing.  I say it's a personal interpretation that makes it great.  There is a lack of staff patrolling the floor.  Which means no "step away from that piece right now!" and nobody to ask for help if you get lost in a land of mirrors.
5	The installations at the Mattress Factory often force viewers to think about what art is and means. Should art be beautiful? Should it be sculpture, or painting, or printmaking? Or can it be anything that expresses creative thought?The work at the MF encourages an overall experience. Stand and contemplate. Walk slowly towards the Turell light pieces and experience the act of perceiving light as an object in itself. Sit on the floor of a Kusama piece and let yourself feel her act of personal oblivion. Wander to the basement and see sound as pigment bounces on Rolf Julius's red speakers. But take your time. And try to get a group together and get a guide. It is weird and different maybe, but worthwhile without a doubt.By far, the MF is my favorite museum in Pgh, and one of the most interesting I've been to anywhere.
5	awesome... just the best experience.  bring your inner child and be curious for a couple hours!
5	The Mattress Factory is the definition of trippy. When I went in the middle of a weekday, it was deserted and walking around the installations by myself only enhanced the experience. Many people have mentioned the Yayoi Kusama pieces, and "Repetitive Vision" is by far the most memorable permanent exhibit in the museum. I recommend starting off with the James Turrell's light installations - there's no better way to begin your Mattress Factory experience. Don't forget to check out the work at the Annex as well, which is just down the street on Monterey. Bonus: parking is free and on Thursdays, admission is half-price. If you're a student, this means that you can get in for just $3. I pay more than that for a latte, people. One more reason why the MF can't be missed.
5	I love this place. Like a playground or amusement park for the adult mind. Very meditative and relaxing. Other art museums you look at the art. In this museum, you enter the art, and you become part of the art. Makes you look at the world in a different way.
5	A friend heard that I was really into Japanese art, and suggested we take a trip to Pittsburgh to check out the Yayoi Kusama installation at The Mattress Factory. Her Infinity Dots Mirrored Room and Repetitive Vision is art that must be experienced in person (and without shoes on).That actually can be said for every exhibit within The Mattress Factory, and I wouldn't call it so much of an art gallery than an installation gallery. Inside is art that makes you very aware of your surroundings. Whether this is achieved through Kusama's mirrored rooms, James Turrell's rooms of light, or Jean Highstein's intrusive installation. Art that makes you aware that you are viewing art, and art that is interactive is the kind of art you'll find at The Mattress Factory.
5	I had my wedding ceremony at the Mattress Factory.  The staff were great.  There was a house in the alley that was being turned into gallery space but wasn't quite finished yet and they let us go in with our photographer and take really cool pictures.  I also loved the subtle sound installation and the garden as a backdrop to the ceremony.  I have visited the museum for years and have found no other place in the country like it.
5	This museum really does house art you can get into! And, now that I saw all that was there, I am inspired to plant a plant on an old upside-down speaker, and then play some Black Sabbath through it...  :o
5	I went to this place alone, around 3 PM on a Thursday, and it was pretty deserted. There weren't many people around, so I felt like I had the museum pretty much all to myself. The art is very contemporary and much of it takes up a large, open space. The museum seemed to follow a "Open/Inner Space" theme. This is stuff you'd find in Phaidon's Cream series, if you're into those. There's a large variety of art as well. I really liked Sarah Oppenheimer's work. There would be a large red block on the wall, but as you got closer you'd realize it's actually created by a red light coming through a large hole in the ceiling. Go check it out!
5	Went here on a recent trip to Pittsburgh and was treated to honestly some of the best contemporary art I've seen in a while.  I'm a huge fan of installations, and this seems to be the specialty here...a machine that makes you a cupcake based on your personality, some great light pieces by James Turell, trippy mirrored rooms by Yayoi Kusama, and a mural that you help to create by coloring in 3'x3' bits of wall are just  a few of the pieces I enjoyed here.  My favorites though were those by Mark Garry and Sarah Oppenheimer...so thought-provoking!Overall the Mattress Factory is a fantastic spot for contemporary work, and a must see for the Pittsburgh art museum-goer.  I will definitely visit again when I'm in town.
4	Love the Mattress Factory. So much so that my profile picture is one taken there! I'm a big fan of installation art, and my two favorites were James Turrell and Yayoi Kusama. I loved how Turrell played with light and optical illusions, and Kusama's installation is fun and playful. Another favorite (but not permanent) installation was called "On Memory" - a big room filled with a tangle of giant "neurons" with little screens in their center that were playing "home movies". The area is a little shady, and it's much easier to visit if you have a car, but this place definitely shouldn't be missed.
5	The Mattress Factory is my favorite art museum in Pittsburgh.  I love how unique the art is and how it's art that you can not only see, but experience.  Sometimes the installations are made of ordinary things and sometimes not, but pretty much everything is extraordinary... mostly in how things are arranged/constructed and the idea(s)/concept(s) behind them (whether they are the artists' or your own).  This is the perfect stop for anyone who is open to contemporary, non-traditional art.  Not a bad place for a cheap date either!  (Although I would advise that if you go on a date that it be with someone you're pretty sure you like (and vice versa) otherwise there could potentially be a couple awkward moments... namely in "Pleiades" (extremely dark plus you have to wait about 15 minutes to see the piece) and "Repetitive Vision" (dim lighting).)A couple pointers:If one of the museum curators/people working doesn't mention anything about checking out more exhibits in another building/location, ask.  I can't remember the address or street name, but oftentimes there are more exhibits in this separate building.Check the website to see the schedule and what's currently being exhibited.  The permanent installations are there all the time, but the current ones come and go every several months.  I once made the mistake of visiting during one of those in between times... so there wasn't anything new that I hadn't seen before.Admission is free for Pitt students during the fall and spring terms and free for CMU students year round.  Thursday admission is 1/2 off.Parking is available in their lot or if that is full for some reason, street parking is available in the area.Lastly, the MF is located in/close to the Mexican War Streets.  There are lots of colorful, neat looking old houses in the area.  If you can, take a walk and look around.
4	the museum is for the most part pretty lovely.but if you go, you seriously need to check out the second building a block or away. like, 3 floors of more awesome installation art.and the gift shop has weirdest yet coolest things.there's also a cafe. i've never actually gotten anything from there though...
4	On a recent quick trip to Pittsburgh, I planned to drop in on Primanti's and have one of their classic, french fry and cole slaw stuffed sandwiches. Then I thought I'd do some photography in the city, browse some used bookstores and move on.Visiting the Mattress Factory turned out to be one of the surprise highlights of my trip (the Carnegie Museum of Art was another highlight and I'll review that, too).Comparable to PS 1 in New York, the Mattress factory displays contemporary art in a huge, renovated, former industrial space. James Turrell's works in particular, are worth seeing (I think they're on permanent display).Pushing the limits of gallery/museum exhibits, in one of the Turrell rooms, you're plunged into complete darkness, except for an ephemeral spot of light at the far end of the room.In another Turrell work, you find a square of light projected against a flat wall. Or is it light against a flat wall? The work intriguingly plays with your senses.During my visit, I saw the temporary exhibit "Inner and Outer Space." The exhibit brings the museum space itself into interaction with the art work --Sarah Oppenheimer's work actually cuts apertures into the museum's walls and floors as a way of exploring the way people move through space. This is an example of what I think contemporary art museums do best: letting artists take over old, re-purposed buildings such as this one to explore their ideas. It's an ideal use of this old factory building.Don't miss the space adjacent to the main building -- It's a former apartment building with permanent and changing exhibits.
4	During my week-long "in-town vacation" (which wasn't nearly long enough), I decided to take advantage of the cultural attractions that Pittsburgh has to offer.  Believe it or not, i'd never been to the Mattress Factory before!  So, having a day to myself, I decided to head over to see what all the fuss was about.  It's an unusual place to say the least, and it features room-sized exhibitions in an old building on Pittsburgh's North Side.  They offer lectures, tours, and they let people discover the connections between art and their everyday lives.  They even have rental spaces available for private parties, wedding receptions, and exhibitions.The current exhibition is "Inner and Outer Space."  I'm not really into contemporary art, but it was fascinating to see the artists use all types of media including painting and video.  One peice I did like was "Instant Before Incident" and the artist created a sculpture of a 1908 Fiat, moments before an impact.  Another peice used mannequins and polka dots, and to me it looked like mannequins at a Twister game!It's reasonably priced at $10.00 to get in for adults.  But, CMU students get in free all year, whereas Pitt students get in free only during fall & spring semesters.  Hmm, I'm a Pitt grad, so it loses a star for that!
5	This was at the top of my list of places I wanted to go to during my weekend in Pittsburgh. Luckily my friend I was staying with had never been either and was equally excited to check it out.After getting a little lost in North Side, we finally found the disguised building. $10 for adults, $7 for students, $8 for seniors. CMU students are free all year, and Pitt students only during fall and spring semesters.We started at the top with the Inner and Outer Space exhibit; an interesting conversation about what we consider and expect to be inside and outside. Overall the entire museum questions your expectations, and ingages you to interact with what you are seeing.Everyon's favorite Infinity Dots was just as impressive and fun as the pictures make it look to be. And James Turrel's black floor, was both disorienting and exciting. This was definitely one of the better installation art museums I have been to. You must check it out.
4	I really enjoyed this museum.  Small enough to really take your time and enjoy without getting overloaded and exhausted.  Interesting stuff and not too weird that my parents wouldn't like it (though something must have happened last time because they refused to go back).The annex has some weirder stuff that I just wasn't in to.
5	one of Pittsburgh's gem in art. the fact that they support artists by giving them a place to stay as they create one of a kinda site specific installations for the mattress factory is awesome. the art changes and is always a pleasant surprise if you like looking at new stuff. take your time and go through each level and you'll have an art filled adventure.
5	I don't really want to put art, and the experience of it into text. Because good art transcends it. It won't do you much good - for me to oooo and aaaah over the hours spent wandering through a large poignant building of installation art pieces. Describing in extreme detail all of the sounds, sensations, and lack of both which I experienced in each art piece. Nope - it won't do either you or me - any good.Especially when I have a word limit here.Cause you won't be able to picture what I type. No matter how hard I try. I'll ruin the surprise of certain exhibits. The mystery.  And it will only frustrate me - that I can't convey how intrinsically cool and alluring the Mattress Factory is.I mean the name alone is cool. Sexy even.But. I will tell you that you should go.If you're in Pittsburgh for even a couple of hours. Don't waste time on things like food, sports, or anything else you may have planned on doing. Just go to the Mattress Factory. Go alone if you have to.But even better.Find someone that you enjoy spending time with. Someone who lets you say "that's so cool...." over and over again about every exhibit. Someone who may even see each piece the way you do. Or maybe not.And then just pass away the day at the Mattress Factory. Wandering and experiencing. You won't have to worry about uptight museum people following you around. Or tired tourists. Or "is that it?" art. Or sterile marble floors - which echo with every step. You just don't need to worry about much when you go here. The Mattress Factory is the perfect place to let yourself slip. If even a little.It's a special, one of a kind place, nestled in a random neighborhood, away from the hustle. Away from packed bars. Away from it all.
4	I ended up here for a friend's wedding.  If you are looking for a unique, laid back, fun reception location, look no further.  The bride and groom rented out the whole museum, so we were able to enjoy the food, drinks, and dancing on the first floor and mix in visiting the installations on the other 4 floors.  The installations were varied in tone and mediums and were a great conversation starter.This was my first installation museum, so of course all I could think of was Sex in the City and the Russian in Paris.  The only hitch in the night was the slowest elevator in the world and the unfortunate situation of the bar being located on the first floor while the bathrooms were in the basement.  At least by the 3rd round, we found the stairs on the other side of the building (although, they do not allow you access to any floors other than the first).
5	The Mattress Factory ranks among the best of the best.  It's housed in a repurposed building - it was the  Stearns & Foster mattress factory and warehouse buildings at some point.  The building itself and the way it's been reshaped for a new use is really fascinating and admittedly a huge personal interest.  Pittsburgh is GREAT for this kind of thing - Church Brew Works, Otto Milk lofts, Icehouse lofts, Armstrong Cork Building lofts, Society of Contemporary Crafts used to be a produce warehouse, Slaughterhouse Gallery, etc.  The Mattress Factory has been around since '76 or '77 though and was truly unique in its time and remains on the cutting edge of installation art.  It has an interesting institutional and exhibition history so if you're into this kind of thing, really if you're into contemporary art at all, you must know what's happening at The Mattress Factory.  It's actually world-renowned.  Surprise!  Pittsburgh isn't all about steel, beer, and Steelers - in fact, there's a ton of great cultural stuff to see and do there.Since the museum itself requires maybe no more than 2 hours, plan to see some other things in the area too like the Mexican War Streets.  The Andy Warhol Museum isn't too far away and that's a real kick (in another repurposed building, was Volkweins Music Emporium), and the National Aviary, which is just fabulous, is around that area. Back to the museum... the permanent installations in the main museum are so interesting, including ones by James Turrell and Yayoi Kusama.  The garden by Winnifred Lutz is cool because much of the detritus of old buildings, foundations, etc. has been left as-is and worked around and you'll see fragments of sculptures that were actually rescued from other buildings that were remodeled or demolished around the city - the female figures holding maps, globes, etc. that you'll pass on the way in were originally on top of another building (see Pittsburgh's Sculpture).  The Mattress Factory also gives shows to some fabulous local artists too, and they have a very active education and outreach department.Word of warning:  the Mattress Factory is in Pittsburgh's North Side, an area that looks and is rough, but the museum is so worth it.  Again though, the museum has been there 30+ years now so it's as much a part of the neighborhood as anything.  They have a small parking lot, but you can also often find spots on the street.  There's a really great coffee shop just down the street from it though, so hang out and get a real flavor for that part of the city.  It's one of the most historic sections.
5	This place is a full-scale exploration of sensory overload and deprivation. Seriously, lots of extreme darkness mixed with sound and small, carefully constructed lighted areas. One installation felt like you were walking through a large television screen, and another created objects that appeared 3-D but weren't. The strangest was one that made you feel totally blind and doubting if the dim light that played in front of you was real or not.  The annex building around the corner has a lot more mixed media pieces but the feeling is overwhelming over-stimulated (there are warning signs about the flashing lights). As you wander through the various pieces it really makes you appreciate how your brain works and how the artists crafted them to provide each experience. A very unique museum that is highly recommended.
5	My favorite Art Museum.  I find myself here two times a year.It was under renovation last I went but I think they should be done by now.The exhibits are never ever boring and the staff are always friendly.  Their parking lot is rather small but I never had a hard time finding a spot on the street.
4	I love installation art, so this museum was right up my alley. The dosant was nice, and the venue was okay, but there weren't many pieces and the fact that you have to walk to another building down a semi dangerous street to get to the other half of the exhibits  (in the annex) was a bit on the odd side. It is also in an area that one might not expect and doesn't get much foot traffic. But, it is still worth it to check out, also I love that they do artist residencies at this museum.
5	If it hadn't been for the recommendation of a local when they heard I was heading to the Warhol, I never would've known about this place, and my life would not be as complete as it was now. Simply put, everyone needs to visit the Mattress Factory. It's very inexpensive and well worth it. You're also allowed to take photos throughout. The staff is very friendly and the gift shop is great. Only downside to the gift shop is they didn't have a shirt in the size I wanted. I requested to be notified when it came in, and here a few months later, I've still heard nothing.However, the exhibits make up for it. They are very unique not only in the aspect that you won't find them anywhere else, but the mediums are of a large variety. The day I went I was able to go to both buildings. The first one had a lot of wooden and metal exhibits as well as a floor that was completely dark and had some light exhibits. When you get off the elevator it is pitch black with only a spotlight over a plaque on the wall informing the visitors how to get into the rooms. The second building had amazing art work in the way of room decor which was great to see. Fantastic. Must see!
3	This place is pretty unique. There were three floors open to us when we were there. There were some places that made me think. There were some that made me tremendously aware of my senses, or lack-thereof. There was one room that made me smile. There were a couple of things I liked in the Annex, though I agree it's a bit weird to leave the museum to go to another building. Honestly, I probably didn't get it as much as a normal modern-art installation lover. But it's not for everyone, so that's a fair assessment, right? Right. Despite my understanding or liking of the installments, the installments were quite limited in number. It's a good place to go, and I'm glad I did. There's nothing else I can really compare it to and maybe that's why I'm liking more that I re-think about it.
4	Note: the museum is tiny, tiny, tiny.... You can see the whole place in less than an hour, easily, but it's definitely worth the trek to the northside.This is a modern art museum, which definitely takes an interesting take on what modern art is (I guess modern art is always undefined, anyways). The top  floor holds the temporary exhibits, so it's nice to start there and work your way down. When I was there a couple months ago they had some massive wood sculptures carved from tree trunks and one big installation which was basically a big hole that overlooked the neighbor's backyard. Very interesting. My absolute favorite thing is the light exhibits on the 2nd floor. Take your beau and grab on. It's terrifying and fun at the same time. The one exhibit takes about 15-20 to show-up, but definitely wait it out. It's worth it. Don't forget that there are 2 other buildings outside with more to see that only take a minute or two to see. FYI - there's no good way to get there via public transport, so hopefully you have a car.
4	it's already been said in every other review, but the Mattress Factory is pretty amazing.  They have installations that are extremely unique and orginal.  You won't find art like this anywhere else in the city.
4	A fun diversion on the North Side, an easy 20 minute walk from the Warhol museum.   Even if you don't appreciate all the installations, it's worth exploring.   For each piece that confounds you, there's another that surprises and delights.The bus goes here from downtown, too, and only costs a couple bucks.
5	I came on the recommendation of a friend and was not disappointed. The entire museum was engaging, and managed to be thought-provoking while feeling like a playground.James Turrell's Pleiades permenant exhibition is not to be missed. It takes patience, and I personally think it is best observed in silence.The day I went, it was snowy, and a tramp through the garden was cut a little short. It was much more cozy to stop in at the temporary art house, The Tom Museum, and catch a round of art/miniature golf.The kids area activities were fun (although there were no kids in our party), and it was a great opportunity to chat with the knowledgeable staff.Contemporary art often doesn't appeal to everyone, but for a fan of  newer work by living artists, this is a great museum.
4	My wife and I walked around the Mexican War Streets 'hood for an hour waiting for Mattress Factory to open it's gates one Saturday morning this past March.This stroll was the perfect antecedent to contrast with the museum - and I'm including the building itself.  No accident of course.  The campus grounds contain the foundations of two row homes that have been turned into a contemplative garden of ruins.  Bucolic wilderness noises artificially piped in surround sound via speakers. Guilt inducing.Inside, the building continues to serve as a wonderful backdrop... and the artwork.  What a fucking trip!  Pretty much loved it all.  We sat in the pitch black for 15min (2nd floor) trying to experience the art while two strangers talked over our shoulders, and we all felt a little awkward.  But then we realized it's pitch black, so there's really no reason to feel this way.  We all relaxed while they laughed about tripping acid.It may have helped that we were the only people in the place for the first 1/2 hour. Nothing like a museum to yourself.  Bonus: bathroom in the basement.  A true place of solace when you start getting overwhelmed.
5	I love this place!  It's billed as a "research and development center for artists," which pretty much sums it up.  It is just that.  If you like traditional paintings of pretty landscapes and vases of flowers, you should probably find another place to visit.  If you're into creative, avant-garde, cutting-edge, and sometimes even conceptual art, you're going to love this place.Plan to spend an afternoon, at least, and take the time to read artists' statments, or -- better yet -- check out the app that lets you scan bar codes at each exhibit and view videos about the art on your phone.  (If you don't have a phone that does this, do your homework and check the Mattress Factory channel on Youtube before you go.)Become a member -- support this great museum!
4	To call this an "art gallery" is a bit misleading, but only a bit.  You see, The Mattress Factory does indeed contain art, but for many folks the large-scale installation pieces may not be what they consider "art."  From Kusama's Mirrored Rooms to Turrell's Pleiades to walking three buildings down to see the additional exhibits this museum takes effort - but it also rewards you for that effort.While I cannot say I loved everything at TMF, much of it was very well done and at least worth exploring once.  The location, far off the strip and seemingly miles away from the traditional "Art Museum" experience is great - somewhat akin to SoHo or Chelsea's large buildings full of independant galleries.Actually, walking away from the Matteress Factory it was indeed Chelsea that entered my mind - and Chelsea is larger in scope, scale, and quality.....and largely free.  I realize not everywhere can be New York, but not everywhere is a five star experience, either.
3	I was expecting more from this place.  The sunken garden / ruins next to the main building were interesting.  The main building itself was interesting too.  The art, however, left a little to be desired.  I like modern art, installations are cool too.  These just came off as a little amateur.The Kusama mirrored rooms were interesting as were the James Terrell pieces, but most of the other stuff was just ok.  If you are looking for something to do in Pitts and have an extra 10 bucks...go ahead.  It's worth it, but it's just not mind blowing.
1	This place is a joke. The mirror room was fun, but i dont consider just a red light on a wall any sort of 'art'. All of the rooms were nothing more than a stupid video, a light on a wall, or a half built desk or table. Not worth $10...
4	if you come in thinking mf is a full-fledged museum, there's a chance you will be disappointed.rather than a formal institution, mf is a space to hold larger works of art and installations that for numerous reasons would not be shown at a classic museum.like everything in art, the collection ranges from awesome to weird depending on your tastes, and what is currently showing.might not be for everyone, but mf is definitely worth checking out.
3	Drawn to this place based on the 4.5 avg stars I had high expectations. Well, you know what happens when you assume?$10 was a little steep for the maybe 20 works of art here, but I understand that it costs money to support the arts. So okay, i will pay my $$.The exhibits were definitely modern and I thought that they were interesting. It probably took my friend and I about 30 minutes to see everything. They had just opened up their annex which if they didn't have that I would have been gravely disappointed.We chose to come here instead of the Andy Warhol museum, I am thinking that we maybe should have reconsidered that choice.Sorry Mattress Factory! I wanted to love you, but you fell a tad bit short!
4	Art is supposed to make you think or make you feel something.  At the Mattress Factory, you will definitely feel something even if you are art illiterate. The room of dots is neat.  We got to see the fourth floor with the airplane wing in the floor.  You look down it as it cuts through the building and pops out of the side, giving you the view of 4 stories above the ground.  I don't think a piece of art ever terrified and excited me so much.  In the same second, you want to slide down or stand back for fear of falling.The dark floor is equally inspiring on the 2nd floor.  The room with the blue square is amazing.  We walked in with cynicism and left with a faster heart beat and a belief that art can make you feel.  I am not going to ruin it for you if you have not been.  The ramp to go into the dark and sit and stare at the dull light is also crazy.  We had a foreign gentleman pop in with a flashlight half way through and we had to tell him to leave, though it took a couple of times due to the language barrier.  Perhaps if they had a sign there explaining what to do and that only 2-3 people should be in there at once, it would greatly enhance the experience.We ran over to the other building and the art there was harder to get on board with.  I could appreciate some of it, but some of it seemed kind of silly.  I am glad there is something like this in Pittsburgh where art is encouraged and is new.Definitely worth a visit, but its good to keep an open mind.  Like really open.
4	This is one of the coolest museums I've ever been in. Located in the North Side, it's a mix of wonderful and weird instillation artwork. The Tom Museum which is gone now was a cool idea. An attest named Tom lived there and had three floors of weird stuff including a putting green in the attic and the golf ball would roll throughout the house to it's final destination: the basement.If this is your thing (just a little weirder that Warhol) then check out the Mattress Factory.
3	Nothing like the Mass MOCA or PS1, but a good place to see contemporary art in Pittsburgh on a rainy afternoon. The museum has a number of great permanent installations, but the temporary installations are hit or miss and the curation is chaotic. The light installations are particularly good. Gift shop is ok, but please do not subject yourself to the restaurant.
5	This is my favorite place in Pittsburgh.The Mattress Factory is an installation art museum with exhibit tours that rotate through it.  Different artists do residencies there.There are also some permanent exhibits, all of which are extremely cool! I don't want to go into too much detail, because I don't want to spoil it, but you'll definitely enjoy your time there.If you haven't done the Mattress Factory yet, go do it now.
5	I really should be giving this place a 4, but due to the fact that it really kept me interested around every corner, even when I'm not really a museum fan, AT ALL, I was impressed.Now don't get me wrong, about 10% of the art was either way over my head or I didn't have the vision (example, room with a movie of a guy wearing a white mask and had a KFC bucket on his head whilst he played bass guitar in slow motion surrounded by over sized house hold items), but a lot of it was really fun to look at!I enjoyed myself, thoroughly!TIP: Go to both buildings! There is a second exhibit within walking down the street. It is much smaller, but still, a lot of fun! My favorite piece with the bamboo sticks was there (see my photos).
5	When I read about this place I couldn't help but imagine it to be like The Brewery in LA (which is massive!). I unfortunately went in with that mind set & was moderately disappointed to discover that it was on the smallish side. For that reason I was originally leaning towards a 4-star rating. The 5th star is due to the fact that there are NO docents/ security guards on site at each exhibit. That is unheard of! Never in my life have I had the opportunity to get as up close and personal as I wanted with art and not be watched like a hawk. It was absolutely refreshing! It helped that we were basically alone at each exhibit/floor so we could openly and honestly discuss what we liked/didn't like about each piece without feeling pretentious. That freedom alone made the entire visit worth it for me. The Art: I can honestly say that I saw some of the best installation pieces I've ever seen at the Mattress Factory. I was particularly impressed by the light installations on the 2nd floor. All 5 of my senses were involved and for art to illicit that level of engagement is a testament to the talent, creativity, and ability to execute on the part of the artist. I would highly recommend a stop here if you are in the area.
5	Really like this place. They have great activities for kids on weekends, and their Urban Garden Party was a blast. Gift shop is great.
5	Quirky and unexpected. I've been here a few times and usually you won't 'run' into more than 5 different groups of people for the whole trip. It's worth it to go with an open mind and be ready to explore another side of art and museums than what you are used to.
3	I've been to quite a few art museums, so I tend to have high expectations when I go to one. Once we actually found the entrance to the place, (the entrance isn't on the main street, but rather, closer to an alley) it was a pretty fun experience. A few of the floors were sweltering-I don't know if this was on purpose or not, but it wasn't a pleasant experience. I was also sort of disappointed with how small it was. (I realize that this is Pittsburgh, and not New York, Chicago, or Paris, but still.) However, I did really enjoy some of the installations. (And it is great that it actually allows photography!)
4	The museum is somewhat small, and regrettably, the annex was closed for the installation of an exhibit the day we visited, but the installations we did see were great -- both fun and thought-provoking.  Definitely worth the $10 admission.
5	This has been my favorite museum, ever. Usually, when you're treated to incredible installations like these, there's one main attraction and a bunch of smaller, less elaborate pieces. But on my visit from Philly this weekend to check it out, I was overwhelmed by the number of incredible experiences housed in one location.Experiencing this museum was like an adventure, and my mind was definitely challenged, expanded, blown, entertained... I am an adult, but I felt like a kid! I really had actual FUN!I would totally bring a date there - like a 2nd or 3rd date. Shoot, I would bring anyone there! And I wish I could go back regularly. If you live in the area and you haven't been, I seriously don't know what you've been waiting for.
5	Great installations!! A must if you're in the area.
4	The concept was very cool, the staff friendly, and the neighborhood it was tucked into fun to walk around.  I'm not a big art buff to begin with, but I can appreciate what it is trying to do. The problem is more personal than anything else.  To me, half of the installations were 5s, the other half were 1s. The best exhibit was PABLO VALBUENA - 6 Stars. Great instalation, its like etch a sketch meets it's 3D laser cousin.There was also a cool exhibit called Sites of Passage ion the Annex.  Check that out.
5	Real talk: the yelp reviews don't lie - it's a superb museum experience.It's a very interactive place, and you feel like part of the art when you're there. My favorites were the third floor and the Pablo Valbuena exhibit that Grant B. mentions in his review. There are lots of exhibits to take a look at, yet it's a manageable couple hour visit.Make sure to walk around the local neighborhood's war streets (or whatever they are called), since it's such a cool area.
4	I love this space. I've been to a bunch of museums/galleries all over the place and the MF here in the 'burgh has remained one of my favorites. Check out the current installation, Than Htay Maung, My Offering, which supports the local Pittsburgh food bank. There is always something interesting happening there and they throw great parties. Check it out!NOTE: the only reason that I gave 4 stars is because it is always freezing inside!! But, I give MF latitude because it is an old mattress warehouse and its an incredible space.
5	I don't consider myself an art snob and I don't really "get" art all the time; actually half the time I can't tell if something is pretentious (except when I see something like a blank canvas on a white wall...), but I know what like and I know when I think something is creative and I think this place has my heart because I can remember alot of pieces from here.This museum is a little different than your average inner city museum where you have those tired looking attendants wandering the galleries policing flash photography, gum, food and pens or whatever it is we like to damage art with.  It is an old mattress factory in what I think is a beautiful part of the city that turned into an art installation building with a good dose of art on each floor and there are no attendants other than the first floor.  Alot of the art to me seems like its "out of the box".  I feel like you walk into a lot of the pieces here instead of looking at them on the wall.The James Turrell stuff is a good example of that I think.  And I absolutely love his work and there are some permanent collections of his that are always at the Mattress Factory.  I kind of feel rejuvenated every time I visit this place so I have to say it's probably doing its job.
5	ART
3	Although the Mattress Factory is literally on my street and I get free admission for being a grad student at Pitt, I've only visited once.My friend and I stopped on a sunny afternoon, and toured both the main museum and the annex gallery.  It was interesting, but definitely by no means the best museum experience I've ever had.  I've heard the cafe is amazing, so if I go back I'll update this review accordingly.  My favorite piece was "My Offering," a room full of plaster hands holding Breadworks bread.  My least favorite was a dark room where you were supposed to sit until something appeared.  We got so freaked out that they were watching us with a camera and were going to pop out haunted house style and scare the crap out of us.  But then again, maybe that was the art...?
1	I don't get it. I don't like it. I don't recommend it. Is it an art museum or some kind of psychological experiment to see if people will actually believe this crap is art. If I had the space and resources this place has I could do so much better. The only people giving this place such a high rating are the "special" people who are so much better than me. I must be mistaken if all these smart people think this place is great.
4	Took my daughters here for a weekend get away.  I was disappointed that the location down the block was closed until the end of March.  So, admission prices didn't go as far, but it was still worth the trip.They are working on their third building so there will be lots to see in another year or two.
5	I always visit when I'm in town. A unique museum in a nice neighborhood. Installation art with some permanent and many rotating exhibits. The art work is generally conceptual, meaning you look at it and try to fathom what the artist was thinking or what he wants you to think. It's easy to spend a while in this place if this is your kind of art, it's not for everyone and if you like to look at paintings or sculptures with conventional themes then this is not for you.
3	I've lived in Pittsburgh most of my life but had never been to the Mattress Factory until this past weekend.  I wanted so much to love this place, to make it "my favorite museum", but sadly I was underwhelmed and disappointed.Maybe my expectations were too high waiting for so long to check this place out, maybe my mood wasn't conducive for installation art, maybe the fact that I got lost and frustrated not being able to find this place that easily turned me off...maybe, maybe, maybe - there are countless maybe's but at the end of the day I'm just not into it.  It's a lot smaller than I expected and while some of the installations were cool that's about all they were .  I think I like the type of art that makes me think, and while I can appreciate things that are cool, they don't leave a lasting impression on me.  Some installations that I enjoyed included the one in a dark room that had the projection on the 2 windows that morphed into these interesting shapes and perspectives.  And, I also enjoyed the hands with breads and the polka dot room was fun.  Maybe the fact that it's in a very residential area and the museum itself is in converted houses, made me feel creeped out a bit.  Like I was in a scary movie that takes place in a carnival or house of mirrors with some very weird stuff going on in it.
3	I almost feel bad reviewing an art place, because I am quite simply not an art person (yes, that's a thing, and no, it's not me).  Still, I'll try to be objective.  The installations that they have are interesting enough, some a lot more than others, but there aren't many of them for the price.  Each floor has maybe a couple of pieces, and some are simply too abstract for me to ever begin to appreciate.The location is a bit odd, tucked away in a neighborhood, but I guess that adds a little bit to the atmosphere.
4	I LOVED my visit to the Mattress Factory. My friends and I visited at the end of a business day so the place was basically empty and we had the exhibits to ourselves. The people working here were very personable and helpful. There are actually two buildings that make up the Factory so be sure to check out both. One is the main building with the selection of permanent exhibits and the other building is a few houses down and features a selection of changing exhibits. My favorite exhibit is by Yayoi Kusama (look her up). The art here is in the modern/contemporary realm, so if that is your style- check it out. This is not your every day stuff so be open-minded when you go through the rooms. If you're a student, bring your ID to get the admission discount.
4	It's been many, many years since I walked down a city street with a helium balloon on a string, but Mattress Factory Art Museum let me to do just that.  Sometimes you just have sing like no one is listening and bob down the street with your balloon like no one's watching...or pointing...or taking pictures of the freak.Husband is not the *biggest* art museum fan (tho I'm slowly chipping away at him), so I was over-the-moon when he turned to me with a big grin on his face after paying a visit to the MFAM and announced how much he loved the place.  And for the AD/HD-afflicted gent that he is, MFAM's installation art exhibits are perfect.  They allow for you to walk through, participate, operate, or touch just about all of them, drawing you in and literally making you part of the art.MFAM's two galleries -- the former Stearns & Foster mattress factory on Sampsonia and a row home a couple blocks away on Monterey -- house a small but powerful collection.  The permanent collection includes transsexual and drug addicted Greer Lankton's sensory stimulating "It's All about ME, Not You"; double mirrored-rooms plastered with polka dots that invite you to dance or make silly faces by Yayoi Kusama; and the sensory *depriving*, pitch black art of James Turrell, punctuated unexpectedly by colored light.  For its temporary exhibits, MFAM brings artists from all over the world to Pittsburgh, sets them up in their very own artists' residences, and gives them free reign over their own gallery space in one of the museum's two buildings.  The result is thrilling (Jeremy Ficca's hovering floorboards), amusing (Gill Wildman's "House Says", in which he stenciled cheeky phrases and sayings all over the walls, doors, and even the exterior of 1414 Monterey), and poignant, like "Wish Exchange Dandelion" by Ling He.  Enter the room full of crystal-colored balloons dangling ribbon tails from the ceiling and realize the ribbons are covered with the hopes and dreams of patrons who've come before you: "I wish my sister could stop doing drugs," "I want my son to be happy and healthy," "I hope Obama wins in 2012"...write your own wish on a balloon's ribbon and leave it behind; but only if you take someone else's with you.  I left my dream behind and took, "I wish I was artistic" with me on our walk back through the Mexican War Streets and Allegheny Commons.MFAM (and its insanely awesome, hip & trendy, arty-farty gift shop) is a place that will bring out your kid-at-heart.
5	My favorite part on our trip through Pittsburgh.This is such a unique museum, a must see for anyone.There is alot you won't understand and think WTH is going on here but still appreciate for whatever they meant to portrait here.I took so many amazing pictures and made so many lasting memories, even my son had a blast while not knowing what was going on here.The free entry with a military ID was another bonus, but I would have gladly paid to see and experience this. My family is  not ito art or culture but this is a must see for anyone, very very cool, funky, worth the trip for sure.
5	I am so in love with this museum.  I can geek out with the best of them when it comes to installation art.  The Mattress Factory Museum it's a bright shining jewel in the middle of an urban neighborhood.  In my opinion the Mattress Factory is quintessential  of the lower North Side. The Mattress Factory is always changing and developing, hip and edgy, while at the same time being down to earth and approachable and kid friendly. The museum is situated amongst houses in the Mexican War Streets. And the entrance faces into an alley. This can make it easy to miss. The urban camouflage adds to not takes away from the the uniqueness and allure of the museum.It's located in an alley way oh but the wonders that are inside!!!   The museum actually has a warm hole which in the center of a room 3 floors above the ground that you can look down into and see clear outside the museum.This place is very kid friendly too! On my last visit I was accompanied by three young ones. My family and I had the privilege of free admission into the museum. The tab for free admission was picked up through the RADicals days program. Which provides for free admission into local museums and attractions every Fall and sponsored by Allegheny Regional Asset District.  We were all well received and got to sample local urban bee keeper honey in an outdoor garden, that was located next to the museum. The kids thoroughly enjoyed this experience and so did I.  The Mattress Factory curates a lot of interactive pieces. For instance there was an installation with a room filled with white balloons tied with white ribbon.  We were asked to write a wish on the ribbon and leave the balloon in the room for another guest to take , and in turn we were to take a balloon that already had a wish written on it and release it outside. This exhibit hit a home run with the kiddies!!!
4	I had been meaning to make the trek out to check out this museum and finally did.  I generally like to go to art museums alone because I tend to spend copious amounts of time meandering.  This was a pretty big mistake.  For whatever reason I had neglected to recognize that this was an installation-based art museum, which is not something I'm entirely crazy about.  Also, much like with any other type of art, it's hard to describe your reactions and interpretations logically to friends who have not seen the same art.  I truly wish I had a buddy today because it probably would have challenged me to stay in each room longer and venture into rooms that immediately made me uncomfortable (nothing like peer pressure & safety in numbers) for that completely black room and the feminist movie.  Overall, I think this place is incredible and truly unique.  You should visit because one way or the other it will be a love it or hate it experience, my only advice is not to walk into the mattress factory alone.
5	So cool. Just go. Two buildings of artist installations, most completed but some in progress. Some straightforward pieces, others that will make you feel insane. Spend a rainy day with friends or on your own (I did the latter) and immerse yourself in this cool space in this sweet neighborhood. Go support good art!
4	Mordern Art = I could do that +  Yeah, but you didn't. in my opinion.I'm not a fan of modern art, but I am a fan of this museum because they routinely bring in artists that my friends tell me are exciting and I love that the Mattress Factory is located in the middle of the North Side.I hate modern art, but I enjoy hating the modern art at the Mattress Factory.
5	This place is by far the coolest museum I've been to in some time.  Granted, I'm relatively new to the whole art thing as I've only recently gotten into checking out art museums and galleries.  So while I don't have a true sense of crazy modern art, I was kind of blown away by what was at the Mattress Factory.  Some of their permanent collections like the room with toys/dolls and the interactive set-up with the models and room with mirrors/dots were super cool.  What probably blew me away the most was the exhibit in pitch black where you kind of chill for about 15 minutes and wait for these light dots to appear.  It's so trippy!  You can't quite tell if you're vision is totally messed up, or if it really is light that you're seeing.  No, I'm not high right now.  You really need to see it to believe it.Honestly, this museum is simply an extension of the neighborhood in which it is located.  When you go visit, take some time to explore the surrounding neighborhood, including the community gardens and local architecture.  It's quite unique and almost has this southwestern feel to it.
5	Bewbz, Boobies & Tittays.Now this. THIS is art I can get down with. On a brief visit to Pittsburgh, this was one of top items on our very limited 'To-Do' list. We opted to skip the Warhol Museum and 'go to the Mattresses' because it seemed a bit more dynamic and also, I'll be honest, cheaper. Now, I'm not an art fanatic by any means. I look at it, I see things, I don't feel any emotional attachment, nothing's stirred, nothing moves me. I'm just dead inside. It's just a thing I'm looking at, that means zilch to me, though I'd be more than happy to assign anything 'art' a number from 1-10 to accurately show how boring or not boring I find it. Ignorant? Yes. Most definitely. But it's honest and I'd like to think there's a bit of honor in coming clean over bullshitting through some phony explanation of why something I really don't care for is or isn't poignant, and with that being said I liked the Mattress Factory because it didn't feel like a stuffy art museum. It was fun, you could move about almost freely, no guards, just guides and at points you're even encouraged to explore and touch. What I liked about the Mattress factory was that it had a sense of humor. It wasn't all serious all the time as we quickly discovered upon entering the 'Breast in the Press' installation, consisting of a dark room with an absolutely enormous statue of a topless woman with comically huge breasts and a music video being projected in onto each boob to the tune of 'My Humps' by the Black-Eyed Peas, but with the words changed and the large-breasted creator of the work singing topless while smashing her inked up breasts against sheets of paper at a desk, as if she was writing the news with her fun bags. This was an exhibit we saw back in November/December, and still, if I hear any clip of 'My Humps', I can't help but think of the Mattress Factory titty song. Another exhibit we walked into and 'accidentally' crushed part of. I use mini-quotes for the word 'accidentally' because at first I really did step on one of the ping pong balls littering the rectangular room on accident, but then when it popped and no one from the museum came out to yell at me I took it as free reign to do it again... and again, and again, and again and then eventually I just started picking them up started throwing them at my friends- triple words score if you hit in the testiculars! Anyway, I don't know what the artist wanted me to get from the exhibit, but I just assumed it was a test in seeing how long it took a regular museum-goer to turn delinquent and start wrecking sh*t. The exhibits using light were really cool. All optical illusion-y and the one pitch black room where you're only supposed to go two-at-a-time was great for scaring friends. We had a truce to not creep up or bad touch anyone in the exhibit, but of course we all failed to withhold our end of the treaty and it went from a silent 2-person exhibit to a screeching, poking, fondling, scary exhibit. Again, I don't know what I was supposed to take away from it, but somehow we all ended up interpreting it as the another 'break the rules' room. The doll room was creepy, but cool. As a hoarder, I appreciated being able to show my friends one place that might be scarier than mess-menagerie at my own place. Now maybe I'll invite them over. The room with the water was fun to jump from stone to stone and throw rocks and the sound thing hanging from the ceiling was neat if you were lucky enough to be by while someone walked over it from the floor above, but they should really make the 'Do not touch' sign bigger if they really don't want you to touch it, because I did not see that sh*t till my hands already gave it a good touch.The mirror room was the best part next to boobs. It's kind of silly, but it felt more interactive because you have to either take your shoes off or put mesh booties on to enter. It basically a bunch of colors and dots and mirrors and a few mannequins, but you can see yourself from all angles and somehow it was more fun than a standard dressing room, though it was basically the same, but with more decoration. Our group probably would've stayed here all day if there wasn't another group waiting to go in. There's more to the museum than just the one building, if you leave there's an outdoor area that was awesome because I saw a lizard go down the well thing and then I tried to catch it but I almost fell in the mud and my friends were ready to move on and climb other stuff, then if you go down the back alley/parking lot, around the corner and down up the road, you just flash your badge/ticket stub and you can see their other exhibit made up of odd housing installations. It wasn't reveting, but I liked the little hidden words and phrases found throughout the house. It felt like getting the fortune slip out of a fortune cookie, but without having to eat it. If you're in Pittsburgh, defo pencil in the Mattress Factory for a 2-hour art excursion.
4	Fun, wacky, crazy, awesome installation art. Always a good time. (especially when you aren't sure if the exit is really an exit or just part of the artwork to another room and you set the alarm off heehee)For some reason the bust of the lady with blue hair always looked like she had real teeth. Did this stick out in anyone else's memory?Definitely a must see museum if you pass through the Burgh!
1	This is the most colossal rip off I've ever see.  Room after empty room a couple of wall projections and a enormous addmission fee.  At least Jessie James used a gun.
5	Super interesting place.  There are always new and crazy exhibits!
5	Mattress Factory is a place that has artists live for a year and create site-specific art in various rooms of a building. Conceptually, it is brilliant. Execution-wise, it is also brilliant.Sure, there are some ho-hum installations (rooms painted, projectors, wacky architectural things that are interesting to build but maybe not to look at), and there's some serious mind-blowing stuff.The room of dots and sensory deprivation room have to be two of my favorite experiences in an art museum ever. I won't spoil anything. Go check out these things immediately.
5	Crazy crazy art exhibits. Some of their art exhibits change seasonally/yearly so it's a definite must come more than once experience.  Some of the exhibits are just completely mind blowing and it really puts you in a different world. It also makes me slightly scared how these artists think of such crazy exhibits. The museum has two buildings, so don't miss the 2nd building which is down the same street of the main buidling. The best part is it's free for all Carnegie Mellon students so I would recommend going every year.
3	I was here during the summer and let me tell ya, this place gets WARM! Go in the winter, during the week!
2	Two or three of the coolest, most creative exhibits I've seen, including he polka dot room. Problem is, that three is the grand total of exhibits, literally nothing else.  Granted a couple floors were being renovated, but we trekked there with our kids and expected to spend a hour or two there, but we were done in 20 minutes and not thrilled about how long it took to get there.  Plus its in an area where there is nothing else.  Since the building was being renovated they were nice enough to charge us half price, $25.00 for all four of us, but any more and we would have been angry.
1	I am genuinely baffled by all of the rave reviews this place receives. My only explanation is that those who've rated this place highly have not been to enough modern art museums to have a solid standard of comparison. The content is sub-par, the execution is extremely poor, and the cost of admission is overpriced for what you get. There are a number of museums in Pittsburgh that are of a higher caliber. In sum, don't go.
1	Eh, I don't understand why this place has so many great reviews. I went, and was thoroughly excited before going but ended up feeling incredibly disappointed. I thought the art wasn't all that interesting at all. Or creative? I'm an Art Therapist, and I do enjoy art, but this to me was just odd. We finished it rather fast too, and was so disappointed in the first building that we decided against going to the two other buildings. Perhaps they were better? Also definitely don't understand the random Red light block and other exhibits on that floor. Not my flavor.
4	Really cool museum where all the artwork is literally built into the building. There are a lot of cool pieces and it's pretty amazing how they are built into the place. My favorites were the geometric shapes in the dark exhibits that you can see in some of the Yelp pictures. Another one I liked is a curtain with shadows created by a light shining at a dangling, spinning chandelier. There are three buildings. The first, main building is the biggest and houses both permanent and temporary exhibits. There are parts of the first building that some people miss because they don't peer around the corners and see the extra room. Surprise! (I only know this because I talked to some people in the museum who didn't see some pieces that I really liked). The other two buildings are smaller, temporary exhibits. Some people were disappointed, which I can see why. The museum is not a wowzer all over the place, but rather more creative because of such macro pieces and turning it into a house. Some of the pieces in the main building are there more for "shock" factor, not that interesting, and could be removed in favor of future pieces.I ran into a girl at a bar who said that the top floor is where the artists actually live and that those floors are actually the most amazing. You probably need to know somebody special to get up there though.
4	The Mattress Factory has several buildings of contemporary art, which you can probably spend about an hour and a half here.  There are lots of weird and entertaining pieces--strange sounds coming from the front facade of an apartment building, a huge gigantic concrete column, etc.  Shiota's Trace of Memory is an interesting piece--black yarn strewn about like webs throughout an apartment.  James Turrell's pieces are strange--light on a different canvases.   Admission is $15, but we used a Buy One, get One Free Admission from visitpittsburgh.com.  (valid until 12/31/13)
5	Yayoi Kusama!James Turrell!This is a contemporary art museum.  Keep that in mind when visiting.The museum is weirdly located, I guess it adds to the charm.Definitely walk-able from the Warhol.
2	I was very excited to go to this museum.  I ended up more disappointed than happy. Some of the exhibits were really well thought out and thought provoking.  However, a majority of the exhibits were elementary at best. A bright point is that this museum is a short walk from Randyland, a fun and happy stop in my day.
1	Was very interested and excited to see this contemporary art museum. I must have missed something while walking...While I enjoy & appreciate all art I was less then impressed with the current exhibits. I left feeling rather empty & disappointed. I was left confused & not at all enlightened or uplifted in anyway. I like to think I'm able to recognize & understand what an artist is trying to convey but I have to say most of the exhibits were vague or just lack luster. I'd most likely not return to this particular museum. Andy Warhol museum is a better choice. Huge disappointment was the fact that the little cafe closed at 3 pm while the museum was still open until 5 pm. Was looking forward to a pleasant nibble but alas this visit to this particular museum was to end as it had started...sad & disappointed. I wish all the artists luck in their future endeavors. Just not my thing! Oh, I felt the price of admission was high for this particular type of museum.
3	Hmm it's a museum that showcases contemporary art. To be honest, I've always been a bit skeptical about any art past the Romantic period ... especially that of postmodern art and beyond. Form and purpose just seem to ... disintegrate as you get closer and closer to the present. But anyways, the museum is split into several buildings each with their own exhibits on display. I will say that ... the take that contemporary art embraces is still a bit eccentric for me. Took about 2-4 hours to go through all of them. If you're a student at CMU or Pitt, it's nice that you get free admission. Also for the general public, 1/2 off admission on Tuesdays.
1	I would never come back here again. I know all art is open to interpretation and everyone has their thoughts, but everything I saw was completely spooky and made my skin crawl.
4	Peaked my interest yet I left feeling somewhat distressed and disturbed. Some of the current exhibits seem excessively eerie and would only be enjoyed if you're looking for a thrill. The building itself is worth a visit and the surrounding neighborhood that's being revitalized, with all the restored Victorian homes.
5	You would almost walk right by this place, as it's tucked away in a residential area with some dilapidated houses nearby.  Definitely check it out if you're around, as the artists have some interesting pieces set-up inside. I'm all for supporting artists, which is why I was alright with spending $10-15 for a visit to the unknown.  Some of the pieces were just so so, but some were so impressive.  I was impressed with the amount of thought, creativity, and pure labor that went into some of the work.  Definitely check out the nearby annex to see a very interesting installation that spans the entire building.
5	One of the most underrated museums in the region...a must-see in Pittsburgh!(Don't miss the additional studio space down the street. And you HAVE to take the time to sit and attempt to "get" the 'Pleiades' exhibit.)
5	I've been to the Mattress Factory several times (4 or 5, I think?), and it never disappoints.  The first time I came here, I was visiting PGH and was brought by a friend who lived here.  Since I'm not a modern art aficionado, I was dubious about it, but once I experienced the exhibits, I saw just how much fun modern art could be.The exhibits are a mix of permanent ones and temporary ones, so if you visit several times, you'll be able to enjoy some old favorites while also experiencing some new ones.  The major permanent exhibits include a chute-like hole through which you can look into a neighbor's yard, red shapes projected onto a corner, a weird sensation of dim light (Pleides), an odd house full of macabre toys, and two mirrored rooms with dotted floors and a mannequin--my personal favorite. (Needless to say, I forget their names, and my descriptions don't do them justice.)  Some of the temporary exhibits I've seen that have particularly captured my interest are the "My city is your city" exhibit (see photo), the "Memories" exhibit (see photo, but this was one you really had to experience), and a cool exhibit with water in the basement. Note that several of the temporary exhibits are in buildings other than the main one, which provides an opportunity to explore the neighborhood a bit.  Also, the garden outside is one of the permanent exhibits, so be sure not to miss it, esp. if the weather's nice.The last time I visited, the museum staff were hosting an activity at which you could make your own art using a technique used in one of the temporary exhibits (with dried salt), which was fun.  The odd trinkets in the gift shop are also worth checking out, and if you're hungry, the cafe is a nice spot to grab a quick bite (though they forgot to add the bacon I asked for to my grilled cheese the one time I ate there!).The Mattress Factory is one of PGH's most unique museums (the Warhol being the other), so if you're an art aficionado, I'd highly recommend stopping by.  Even if you're not--or you're a modern art skeptic, like me, it's highly enjoyable due to its experiential and avant garde nature, so check it out!
3	I went to the Mattress Factory during the "Feminist and ..." exhibit. I really enjoyed it due to the various art exhibits relating to the theme of women. Here is a break down of what was offered: http://www.mattress.org/index.cfm?event=ShowExhibition&eid=106. The JULIA CAHILL "Breasts in the Press" exhibit was one of my favorites along with the PARASTOU FOROUHAR "Written Room." Breasts in the Press emphasized our obsession with female breasts in the media and popular culture. The artist made a catchy video that outlined her views. It was a very unique exhibit that engaged your mind on many different levels. Written Room was a one of a kind experience also. It was a white room with arabic written everywhere. The artist' parents were persecuted due to political beliefs, which is part of her inspiration for her art. I also enjoyed a room that is there permanently (Yayoi Kusama- Infinity Dots Mirrored Room) in which there were plain, white mannequins surrounded by light and polka dots in one room, and dark neon light in another. It was so fun to take pictures in there and enjoy the artistic component to it! I really like that the MF supported such interactive art exhibits. It was wonderful to experience a feminist exhibit and the art was captivating. There was another building that is detached from the actual museum in which you have to walk a block or so to get to. In this building, there was this really cool exhibit featuring a house Bill Woodrow- Ship of Fools: Discovery of Time). Rooms in this house hosted different aspects of disaster and/or life. One room was made to look like a flood occurred in it (Door was cut in half, and room was filled with what looked like concrete mud with objects like chairs stuck in it), while another room was filled with strings hanging from the ceiling. Much of the art is abstract at this museum, which makes it very fun and unique if you're willing to engage your mind in an abstract adventure! I would recommend this museum to anyone with a big imagination and the ability to appreciate all different forms of art work.
4	I will start this by saying while I am a artist, i don't tend to be one of those people who 'get' what other people are doing. Mattress Factory was that sort of place. Most of the items went right past me, but it was still fun to go through. Some parts are interactive, which is something new besides just walking around. They have three different buildings you can visit with your admission. The one exhibit I did enjoy was 'Trace of Memory' Art where the artist has literally taken yarn and weaved complex patterns into the building itself. It was creepy and also peaceful in a way. While most of the pieces weren't really something that interested me, and think it is well worth a visit for something different, and 15.00 isn't too bad a price to get in (I had a 2-1 though)
