4	Tonight was Grand Opening night.  We were lucky enough to get an invite.  This place rocks.  The footprint of the place is relatively small, but there are large booths (6-10 pp), plenty of space around the bar and patio.  The decor is super cool with one wall full of old-school retro speakers.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hi-fi-kitchen-and-cocktails-scottsdale?select=jt82QozdKG3bDzkiD-zyNQ#jt82QozdKG3bDzkiD-zyNQAnother wall is where the DJ booth is located and a projector showing graphics against the wall.  The sound system is pretty good and there are 29 TV's spread around the place.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hi-fi-kitchen-and-cocktails-scottsdale?select=cwp2gvxYlEM_8BcOfcMPhQ#cwp2gvxYlEM_8BcOfcMPhQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hi-fi-kitchen-and-cocktails-scottsdale?select=eZWDjH5-LRo2j1sBgTJxPQ#eZWDjH5-LRo2j1sBgTJxPQThe ceiling above the bar has a cool mural that has glow in the dark features with a black light that shows off those attributes.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hi-fi-kitchen-and-cocktails-scottsdale?select=A7k1SH4dgk5UnXNulaE2jg#A7k1SH4dgk5UnXNulaE2jgThe spot is across the street from El Hefe and Majerle's.  The amount of foot traffic they will get on the weekends will be tremendous.  This should be a winner.We had a few comp drinks and left after a little while....it got crowded and we ran out of room to hang out.  I couldn't judge the service because we didn't stick around long enough and everyone is new.  The bartenders at the bar were fast in filing everyone's order and keeping up with the rush.We will definitely come back to check it out on a weekend night.Return Factor - 90%
4	Went here last night with my girlfriends and had a really fun time.  The doorman let us in without having to wait in line, which was awesome seeing as this is the newest bar to open up in Scottsdale and it was packed.  The patio was the best part of the place in my opinion; inside you'll find all the douchey people dancing on tables and pretending they're important:)  The dj didn't suck and the prices weren't outrageous.  I'm not big on Scottsdale, but I'd probably recommend coming here with a group to have a good time.
5	****Order the hummus or die****This place is super cool. I was visiting on business and wanted to have a happy hour (or pleural hours) before I headed home. If you live here you know there are a ton of places to go downtown so a new spot may not be a success. Well HiFi is awesome. First of all the staff is super nice and helpful. Our bartender and waitress were awesome! We ordered 2 sliders, one buffalo chicken and the other veggie meatball and hummus. OMG the hummus is so good and fresh. The pine nuts on top are amazing and the pita chips are perfect!! I thought the meatball was going to  be meatless but it was hamburger. Even though I didn't eat it the hummus was more than enough. I ordered a boring vodka tonic and the bartender made it just how I like it. I come to visit AZ for work frequently and I will definitely be back...
1	We reserved a table and a bottle of vodka here for a bday party for $400 and at midnight we were told there was a 2 bottle minimum. We disagreed and the manager was sent to our table. The manager, Drew Young, told us it wasn't his problem that the girl who bought the bottle didn't understand English, and that unless we bought a second bottle we would be escorted out of the bar. We asked to see the contract stating a second bottle needed  to be purchased, and he said he didn't need one because he had a popular bar with people who wanted to spend more money than us. He then had security escort us out of the bar. I, in the nicest way possible, explained that we bought a $400 bottle of Kettle 1 with no contract stating we had to buy two bottles, and he still had security kick us out and said we could "wait in line to get into his bar from now on." Never been so disrespected before, and never going back to Hi-Fi
3	Loved the place, terrible service. Sat at our table of six for 30 minutes before our server came, drinks took another 20. She messed a few orders up as well. And only saw her every 45 minutes or so. Food was decent. Great place to watch a game though and the indoor outdoor environment is awesome. We'll be back but hopefully with a different waitress!
3	Great corner location and patio.  Nice cold beer but average food.  The short rib sliders and pretzel appetizers were just so-so.
3	I assume this will level off after the hype dies down (I'll be back in several months). For now it's the latest "douche fiesta" in old town...  I like the style of the place and the food/drinks seem to be above par - but the nighttime crowd is mostly comprised of obnoxious drunken children visiting from Smashboxxx and El Hefe. In fact, if you're over 30 and/or not a professional model steer clear.
2	Terrible service. If you plan on getting timely service this is not the bar for you. However, the environment and food are excellent for groups.  Came here to get on my March Madness and just left with Madness
2	Well right off the bat the place looks really cool, low walls at the entrance so it already feels like your in the bar, good music, some awesome artwork, and huge TV's everywhere. The problem I have is when you pay $19 for 2 vodka redbulls, which by the way WTF I could by my own bottle of vodka for that, I wouldn't expect my feet to be stuck to the floor... literally almost lost my shoes 3 times. How is it opening week/weekend and the place seemed just dirty?  That makes no sense. Well regardless of the good stuff, I couldn't justify paying another $20 for 2 more drinks while loosing my shoes so we left after about a half hour. In all honesty the place has great potential but with prices like that your only attracting a certain type of people...  Scottsdale dbags.
5	This place is amazing.  The service is fantastic...the waitresses are gorgeous, friendly, and fast.  We gave our phone number to the hostess, and within 15 minutes had a round of drinks and a table on the patio that was perfect for people watching.  The burgers were amazing, as were the drinks.  I feel sorry for El Hefe.  Hi Fi is right across the street, and that's not good for El Hefe's business.
1	Excellent place if you want to wait in line well the door guy lets all of his friends in. And then has the nerve to ask If ill give him a 20 spot to get in. If I owned this place would be pissed. Letting money walk right by.
3	Refreshing adult milk shakes?!  Sign me up!My friends and I checked this place out right after it opened.  The lure of ice cream and alcohol on a warm afternoon was too enticing.  In keeping in line with Old Town, this place isn't very big, but there's tons of seating and booths.  The DJ was playing a funky retro mix, and the overall vibe was good.Service, however, was not good.  It took an hour to get 3 milkshakes and 6 glasses of water, and we had to ask for the water 3 times.  I don't get what's up with people and water in this state...seriously, this is the desert.  People need to hydrate.  I even tip for water....just bring me a glass, don't make me keep asking.  Needless to say, we decided not to stay.  Although the drinks were good, the service was way too slow.  Next time I think I'll try a weekday...maybe that will be better.
3	***Keep your credit card receipt and watch your statement after your visit here.  Unfortunately (like a few other Scottsdale locations) they either over charge (i.e. your credit card receipt says one thing and your card statement says another)  or charge your card multiple times.      It's Old Town Scottsdale so the 'scene' is typical of many of the bars in the area.  We met up with some friends who had already claimed an outside/patio table for 6, the 2 of us made 8 so we sat at the end of the table.  Service was doing what they could to get through the throngs of people, but we were left thirsty and wondering, more times than not, where was our server .  The saving grace was the company we were with and the DJ was playing some pretty fresh mixes.  [Yeah I am a sucker for a good DJ.]The food looked good and the menu was unique.  If you are looking for a little fun and a typical days worth of calories, they have these adult shakes mixed with booze, ice cream, favorite kids breakfast cereal favorites and other stuff.  While I can not personally caloric-ally afford the whole shake it may be fun to try if treated as a shared desert between a few people at a table.
5	i love hi fi! great food and awesome milkshakes! make sure to try the cinnamon roll one, its made with fireball! Place is decorated super cool and has an awesome vibe!
2	Been there 3 times. Good food, but service could definitely be quicker. Also I have had multiple problems when it comes to credit card charges. They overcharged me last night and a few weeks ago gave the wrong card back to my girlfriend.
1	charged my card multiple times, and cant get them to fix it.  Place blows anyhow, El Hefe across the street is a much better destination.
1	We ordered food 20 minutes after we got here....still no food, on a Tuesday, gwith 20% occupancy!!! Don't get me wrong, they definitely deliver on the "cocktail" portion of their name, but not the "kitchen." The servers are attending but are idiots/could give a rats ass! They are as forgetful as they are stupid! Definitely fun if you're hammered and cannot notice but otherwise go home for better service and cheaper drinks!
5	I had a great time at Hi Fi. I met a friend there for midweek Happy Hour which, by the way, runs until 7pm. The service was excellent! Our server was friendly and attentive, the manager stopped by to check on us and the bartender was very generous with their pours. After my great experience, I was surprised to read the poor reviews here on Yelp. Perhaps we just got the best server in the restaurant. I'll definitely be going back soon for another Adult Milk Shake!
5	So I really love this place, probably one of my favorite places in Old Town. The bartenders actually know how to make a good drink, the music is really good, the type of people this place attracts are definitely more classy than some of the other bars in the area, and they have nice VIP sections that are actually worth paying for. Its nice, but not so high in that its not fun or overly exclusive. I will say the one downside to this place that it is usually so crowded that it can be hard to get a drink from the bar, but I will also say that the bartenders are hot.
5	I love this new spot! The set up is just plain cool with that indoor/outdoor flow and the totally unique mix of club atmosphere and sports bar. I haven't been here for a sports game yet but I'd imagine this place is ideal. There are more TV's in there than tables! I really enjoyed that not only does Hi Fi have indoor and outdoor seating/mingling areas, but they've invested in two or three MASSIVE outdoor air conditioners making the outdoor space realistic in AZ summers. Big fan, right here!
1	Had no idea what the whole "Scottsdale douchebag" vibe was about. Discovered it tonight. Will never return.I gotta say one thing positive about this place and its the decor. I really liked what I saw walking into this place and thought, "man this is totally my style" and then....We went to go get a table and some drinks. I was with a few friends as we were in town for business. 3 girls and 3 guys. One of them married to one of my best buds sitting next to me. We got a table and waited for service. None, so we sent a runner to the bar. That was like waiting in line for a Disney ride except the service was slow as balls.We finally got our drinks and out of nowhere it turned into a bad Jersey Shore scene of dudes who look like they got meshed with Night at the Roxbury and The Situation.Every other minute a new dude walked up to our lady friends and insanely disrespectfully started grinding on them and bumping into our table. When we told the dudes to chill out they bumped the table more which was like "ok, we are gonna have to fuck these dudes up" but we are also on business trying to be cool. They walk to the next girl walking by, and then a new set up dudes rolls up and same thing repeats. The security guards here should know better man. You dont allow shit like this to happen. I am an owner of a club and you hire security who can read situations and know that people like this arent cool. This isnt "business as usual" and if it is, thats why this place gets my 1 star. I will never come back, never recommend it. Stay far away unless douchebaggery is your thing.
1	Nope. Nope. Nope. Nope.It was Rabbi Andrew Michael Doohan III's birthday celebration, and I was unable to get in the front door.Working at the loudest and the newest bar in Scottsdale does not make you a GOD, Gorilla Juice-head Bouncer. I stood in line for 15 minutes at the front of the line, while I watched 30 people grease the bouncer and walk right in. Not having any cash in my pocket meant that I was shit out of luck.So I walked away. The decor of the place seems awesome, but I'm not going to put up with that pretentious bullshit.
4	I really dig this place. Love the laid-back atmosphere, not the typical shiny, glittery "notice me notice me" Scottsdale crowd. Loved the music playing in the background, food was delish, drinks good, the stereo wall is way cool and the manager was funny and personable. Note: when we arrived, we just walked in to grab some food. We had no idea it took on a club-type atmosphere until we were leaving and saw the ropes and bouncer. LOL. My review is not based on a "club" experience.
5	I have a blast each time I go here.  Good music and bartenders make good drinks.  The people I've meet here so far are happy, outgoing and want to have a good time.  Only down side is it takes a while to get a drink sometimes because the bartenders get slammed.
1	This place is terrible.  The help is rude.  I have been here three times and walked out the last time after the bartender stood around and talked to his buddies instead of serving my date and I.  I know it is new, maybe it will get better.
4	I liked this place.Fun vibe, didn't feel overly crowded for a Saturday night, and most importantly for me... it didn't feel pretentious!
2	A friend and I went on a Thursday night.  The place was busy.  We finally found a place to sit at a high-top table alongside others we didn't know, and waited for a server.  This blonde young girl wearing a communicating devise (obviously works there) comes up to the end of the table flirting with others at the end of the table.  My friend and I wave for her attention thinking she was the server.  She looks at us with a surprised and disgusted look.  We say that we would like to order some food, she replies, "and?  I'm a hostess."  And walks away.  Amazingly she did get us a server, whom was very nice.  The food is good, even though they screwed up my order and left off some of the items that come with the plate I ordered.  The crowed was young like young 20 something's.   I doubt I'll go back.
4	Nice place for happy hour. Otherwise you can not move!!
4	While having lunch at Rehab, we asked the locals where to go on a Sunday night. "Pickle" said "Hi Fi" is the place to be. For a Sunday night, this place was packed! (It didn't seem like there were any other places nearby that were open beside some sports bar). We arrived around 10pm and there were already plenty revelers. No cover, woohhoo. I'm from southern California and it reminded me of Hermosa Beach...Sharkeez Hermosa or American Junkie aka douchebag heaven (made me LOL to read the other reviewers). The DJ played an eclectic music selection for all dancing types. The layout is well designed with indoor booths, outdoor seating and flat screens, an impressive pin-up mural above the bar and decent sized dancefloor. The right wall with subwoofers was pretty sweet. I know where to party if I visit Scottsdale again.
2	I've only been here for brunch, on 3 separate occasions and while it is a great deal for $15 bottomless mimosas, I think I will be going somewhere else next time. Every single server has been crappy or rude.  I've worked as a server and wanted to give them the benefit of the doubt but some comments are uncalled for. Maybe I will check it out at night or sit at the bar during the day but never again want a server.
2	Went here for the first time with some girlfriends over the weekend. Pro- they have a girls only line, so it was nice to get in quickly, con- it was soooooo overcrowded you couldn't move, dance or barely get a drink at the bar!!! I'm not going to complain about Scottsdale douchebaggery, as its everywhere and just a part of going to any of the newer, trendy places. But wow, doormen and management need to do something about letting so many people in! It's not an enjoyable experience when you are drowning in an abyss of people during our wonderful summer heat. not to mention the design of the open aired venue which makes it more heated. All while drinks are getting spilled all over you, while other patrons are trying to make it through the crowd and getting burned by someone's cigarette. Grrrrr.Other than the capacity issue, the music was a good mix of top 40, hip hop and EDM, so something to tickle most people's fancy. The decor and screens on the wall are pretty cool as well.
1	Lazy/Rude servers. Over crowded. DB central.
4	Great place! Been here a couple of times and always fun. Service is hit more miss. Had amazing great service and no tip on the tab service. Good for a night of fun, without the "club" feel!
3	Had to come to Hi Fi and try one of these "Adult Milkshakes" I kept hearing about.  I opted for one with  pineapple and coconut.   I was not blown away, they were pretty good, just not very strong at all.  We ordered some hummus, some wings and a couple other appetizers.  The food was decent, once again nothing that blew me away.  I did really like the look of this place, cool for day drinking and nighttime drinking alike. Best view for people watching.  I would also say that I found it to be more of an early 20's crowd when I was there.
3	Want to know what it's like to be involved in human Tetris? Come here right before it switches to the bar life. We came at 9 p.m. and were lucky to get in without a line and find a table right away...but within the hour the waitstaff had made us move our table around and rearrange our chairs while we were waiting on our food and they hinted that if we stayed too much longer we'd need to vacate the table as they turn into "bottle service" after a certain point. Luckily the waiter was very nice about this, saying that if no one bought the table we could stay there as long as we liked.We ordered some late night snacks - pretzels and beer cheese and wings. The food was delicious and I had no complaints about the drinks. The music selection was awesome - lots of 90s nostalgia in the early hours before it turns too clubby. This place is more my speed in the early hours, but quickly takes a turn for the douche after 10 p.m.
1	"What do you wanna do tonight, Bren?""Donna, haven't you heard? The Peach Pit is open at night now.""Oh yeah, Peach Pit After Dark. Let's go!""Totes! I hear Dylan is juicing now. He must be huge. I hope he grinds me."
2	So I went here on a Wednesday night because whack a$$ El Hefe doesn't allow Jordan's (black people wearing Jordan's in) service was decent in the beginning but the lame a$$ bouncer said I was lucky because becauae they don't allow Jordan's either... Yet they both allowed flip flops... Yeah whatever... Then we ask for our bill and we have to wait because some shit happened there... I don't give a sh!t if you have drama at your bar don't hold someone's credit card hostage when all they want to do is leave... Then walking out the patio exit I'm confronted by the gayest n'sync/jackass member ever and the retard tells me I can't go out that say because they keep a head count in who's going out?!?!?! Dude stop smoking sh!t it is affecting your ability to think. If you said it was policy I would understand but to lie about something that trivial, you insulted my intelligence.  Nobody at that bar could bounce anywhere I've bounced in California... That whole pussy crew would get mobbed. The highlight of the night was the waitress who didn't serve us... Thus  the 2 stars instead of one. I will never return and f@ck Scottsdale and the thousandaires... Broke fools trying to floss.. I wear my J's at real clubs in Cali and don't get sweated and I definitely don't have a wanna be pretty boy trailer trash f@ck lying to me about the dumbest sh!t. Stop catering to broke fools... Just cuz I don't dress like a douche doesn't mean in broke!
4	Really cool see and be seen place in Old Town Scottsdale.  We stopped in on a Sunday afternoon for a drink and totally enjoyed the people watching.  The bartenders had tons of personality and made the experience great...loved that they were dressed up too!
3	I loved the food but wanted to walk right out with how rude our server was. Her name was holly and every time we asked her for something she had an attitude as if we were inconveniencing her and it just made the experience horrible. I feel she has no place in the restaurant/customer service industry.
3	Technically this is a NY. Giants bar as most staff members are in Giants gear and a bunch of patrons seemed to be fans of the Big Blue also. The other 80% of the people here on Sunday afternoon don't care about football and are just there to party and drink it up which is not a bad thing. Even the owners or managers who claim to be Giants fans threw in the towel in the 2nd half of the Giants game as the TV sound went off and the loud, but good sounding dance tunes, started blaring in it's place. No beer or food specials and the place was uncomfortably packed, but It is a great setup with three giant TV screens and tons of other TV's everywhere, so it just depends on how you want to experience Sunday football.
5	Honestly despite all the reviews saying the service sucks....the service is quite great! Our waitress is on top of it especially on a Saturday afternoon the same weekend Maya opened next door. It's such a shit show here but our waitress has checked up on us every 10 minutes it's great
4	Situation is much better at 10am when the games begin. Plenty of room at the bar and make sure you ask for the Iowa Hawkeye breakfast menu. That menu contains the best deal in the house - the $9 breakfast burrito. I substituted bacon for sausage, but it has eggs and cheese and green and red bell peppers. The southwest potatoes are served on the side in a big portion. Sour cream and guac are served on the side and this is the way to go here in the morning. All you can drink Mimosa's for $15 as well.
1	This place is an absolute joke. The management is non existent (obviously, or they'd be concerned about what a crappy place it is). I lost my wallet and called 8 times in the span of a week. No one answered but the voicemail promised to call back if I left a message. The drinks are super over priced. And don't get me started on the staff at the door. So rude and condescending. It's like they think they run the nicest club in Vegas or something. Hi-Fi: you're a joke.
4	More good food. The pretzel bun on the $11 Pastrami Rueben was top notch. Pretty good version of pastrami also, loaded with slaw and swiss cheese. They served "fancy" sauce on the side, which I still don't know what it was, but it seemed mostly like Thousand Island dressing. Southwestern style crinkle cut fries were loaded with seasoning and it was a pretty satisfying lunch. Female bartenders are always nice and always attractive, even right at 10AM for kickoff.
4	The WAll of Speakers is pretty fresh. All the Girls who work there, look like they do at least 4 days of workouts on their stomachs. It has an open air atmosphere.
2	Went here with some friends for some happy hour drinks and food.  Ordered the Market Kale Salad with chicken and it had a little extra surprise in it.  As I was on my 3rd bite I ran across a huge red hair in my salad.  Needless to say I sent it back.  Avoid the food!
1	I don't what else to say beside the fact that this place sucks. Not only is it full of typical douchers, they stole my credit card and then 2 days later I somehow had $1181 taken from my account. I am sure this isn't related... How do I cancel my CC because last charge was for $60 at HFi, then Have this happen. Sounds fishy to me. I guess when your store sucks, you have to resort to thievery.
3	Was here on a Thursday night and somehow it was completely packed. Don't know how that works since most other places aren't. Anyways it has a lot of energy - so many conversations, endless interaction, drinking, loud music and apparently you're allowed to dance on top of the sofas, my friend did and was offered a job immediately afterwards. Also, ladies there's tons of men here for whatever reason - and men - there's not enough women here, so go to Maya instead which is literally 10 steps West, tons of gorgeous ladies there. The drinks were good and priced fairly. The tables were really comfortable and they provided indoor as well as outdoor seating - however there isn't a dance floor (now you can see why my friend resorted to dancing on top of the couches). Major flaw. It's basically a gigantic bar/lounge.
1	Absolutely the worst service ever. It took us ten min and me asking someone to get service. Another 20 min to get beers and the wait staff is rude. This place is also filthy!! I suggest health inspectors come see this place ASAP. The ladies restroom was so gross. Toilet paper all over the place, a sink clogged and over flowing with rancid stagnant water and there was feces on the wall of a stall. I can't imagine what their kitchen looks like. The food isn't bad but not amazing. The pretzels were impressive. Wish the service was as half decent as the pretzel. Night life here is again interesting.... You wait in an line at the bar for about ten minuets when u finally reach the bar you're getting hit on by sweaty man who's wearing way too much cologne. The drinks are nothing special and the service all around is again less than stellar. Not impressive.Review update!!! I went back against my will but I must say that Molly the server is awesome. By far the best service I have EVER received at HiFi. Note to the owners and managers keep this girl around. She is on top of her game and actually seems to care about the company. She wasn't our server at first and was still super attentive!! (She ended up being our server in the end.) Congrats Molly on being an amazing server and changing my negative attitude towards this establishment. Keep up the great work Molly!!
1	Not sure if what they are doing is legal: I like the music and the set up a lot, the bar tender decided to charge me $6 for a cup of water, she justified the charge as a "fill" and it wasn't that I was only ordering it alone, I ordered two mixed drinks and a beer along with it. Needless to say she did not get a tip.
4	I wanted to give this place 2 stars when I first walked in. The service wasn't good and I didn't see the appeal. Then I grabbed my hummus and it was delicious! And then I tasted heaven. I wasn't even in the mood for a milkshake but the adult birthday cake milkshake was amazing!!! I'm here on a Wednesday so I didn't experience the crowd.  I highly recommend the milkshakes. Don't walk out without one!!!
3	Super crowded due to a stellar location. The people that owns this place knows what they are doing. Playing the game by investing where investing is due. This way they fill the place, and have a decent ratio between men and women (even if it seems always be a surplus of guys in Scottsdale arena), and can suck when it comes to service. Nobody cares, and nobody comes here for the service. People come to this place to hook up, and I applaud them for it. I have no talent nor interest for this kind of behavior, but then again I am old and grumpy - not a young hothead that wants to get my groove on to validate myself. This being said, I shouldn't be here.. and I doubt that I will. But just because I don't fit in here doesn't mean that people shouldn't go here.. even though it is my belief that if you are going out in Scottsdale, this is not your best bet.The bar is high in old Scottsdale, and Hi Fi - I don't think you got it.
1	Dear HiFi, You have a phone stealer.  Take care of that.Thank you, OliviaReference: my phone, my friend's phone, my other friend's phone all with in 10 minutes
4	It all depends on what you like.I went here twice.  Once on a Tuesday night and another time on a Friday night.Cliff's notes:  If you like the "club scene", go on Friday.  If you're like me, you'll love Tuesdays here.The first time I came here, it was a Friday night.  The line to get in was incredibly long.  The amount of alcohol-infused testosterone in this club causes numerous fights to break out and allow turnover to occur.  I was able to get in very quickly as a result.  It was hard to move around and it's a danger zone because some men can't handle competition and think it's manly to get into fights.  BOO!  I hated this place on Friday night.  Too much drama.  The music sucks too.  I don't know why people like listening to this top-40 crap all of the time, but it's ruining our society as a whole.  So is fighting over very small things.  People here have no ethics.  An acquaintance got pick-pocketed at Hi Fi.Tuesday--I was reluctant to go to this place on Tuesday after all the immaturity and debauchery from Friday.  I had very low expectations for Hi Fi until I walked into the building.  It was a completely different place.  It had a wonderfully quiet ambience, friendly staff, and great happy hour deals!  I was so impressed with everything, but it was a shame I couldn't stay longer at this amazing place.  I'll never go to the club here again, but you'll likely find me here for Happy Hour.FOUR STARS--it would've been FIVE if Old Town's disgusting weekend club/bar culture didn't exist.  And if it wasn't a NY Giants bar.
3	The reason: daughters 21st birthdayThe Goal: Bar hop and PARTY!! 1st Stop: HI FI Kitchen & CocktailsFor 10pm on a Sunday night this place was crowded, went up to the bar and ordered the 1st round. Then we were dancing in our spot and drinking our drinks.  After a quick look around I was put at ease when I noticed that I was not the oldest person in the house!!  HHHHEEEEYYY!!! This was a fun little spot, packed and you can even get a grope or 3 from a drunken young stud, but over all this was a great starter bar for the bar hopin night!  But I'm confused on the kitchen part, never saw a menu, let alone anyone sitting at tables to grab some food.Drinks were strong, place was fun, but it's time to bounce, its call Bar Hoping not Bar sitting haha
5	This is my favorite bar/club in AZ! If you're in town and you are cool, you should come here. The management and staff are great!
1	Food was good. Our server was good. The quality stops there. We came here on Sunday to watch football with the rest of the crowd, and to all of our surprise, they had a DJ come on at 3pm and start blasting music on a richter scale that would make Daft Punk cringe. Everyone at the bar was verbally pissed and upset, but to everyone's surprise the manager refused to turn the music off, let alone down at all! Even with half the bar begging for it... The manager claimed that he had no authority because they already paid the DJ. Terrible customer service. They lost more money from the people that left (and the horrible reviews to follow) then they ever would have if they had cut the DJ off. It's not like the DJ brought anyone in either, the place was packed with football fans before he ever took the stage. A good manager would have recognized this. Multiple tables ended up leaving, including ourselves after the 1st quarter of the afternoon games because the sound and atmosphere was unbearable. All in all, it was a horrible experience, and the manager was completely inept and useless. He refused to do anything and snubbed us off as if we were crazy for even suggesting the idea. Apparently they have a house DJ come on every day at 3pm. I can't stress enough how terrible of an idea this is. It's not a club, especially at 3 in the afternoon. There's no dancing space, and the atmosphere doesn't match at all. I have no idea what vibe they're trying to go for, but they missed the beat completely. Maybe they're trying to fit in with the old town club scene, why on a Sunday afternoon is beyond me. We will never come back here, and I would highly recommend no one else does either. (That is, unless you're looking to make your ears bleed). It was all very unfortunate because they had huge projector screens and a good amount of tv's, which was why everyone came in the first place. The management here needs to figure out what the hell they want to be and stick to it, because whatever they're doing sucks something awful.
4	I had a great time here with friends, our server was sweet and really attentive. Good music, nice people, great environment and great pretzels and mimosas! I would recommend for anyone to come here on a Sunday during the day for a chill time to have some drinks and enjoy the day.
4	The burger was great, a generous portion of fries came with it, and the fry dip was delish. The place has a cool setup and the staff seem friendly, though I would recommend going during their happy hour, as the regular prices are a little steep for what you get. Our order was rung up incorrectly and although the price was adjusted, it wasn't done so correctly and we still paid slightly more than we should have. However, I will be returning...during their happy hour, of course.
1	Went here for a bar crawl dressed in ugly Christmas sweaters and such a couple weeks ago. On December 21st to be exact. Had a party bus of 50 people and made our way around old town. What is shocking is that I do not recall going to Hi-Fi at all. (I had had only 2 drinks up until this point of the night as well. ) Until last night, when a friend of mine asked how my head was doing. It was an odd inquiry considering he was not on the party bus and I do not remember seeing him that night either. However, the reason none of this is logged in my memory is because there was an outrageously wet floor inside this bar and I slipped and fell so hard that my head slammed against the ground and immediately a huge golf ball sized knot formed on my head. He said he witnessed the entire fall and of about 40 people in the bar who saw this (including staff members) he was the only one to rush to help me up. He carried me to sit at a booth and he arranged for me to take a cab to my friends house. I did not know that I had fallen and hit my head until last night. I have had an aching swollen forehead and right hand that is still present today 1/7/2014. I am disgusted and terrified at the fact that not a single staff member even checked on me after my fall. I was on the premises for at least half an hour after the incident took place according to my friend. I would assume that I actually got a concussion on 12/21/2013 as I have been experiencing drowsiness, dizzy spells, memory loss, etc. I will be sure to never waste another penny at this bar and steer my friends away as well once they have all become familiar with my story. I am sick to my stomach just thinking about this. Side note: I was wearing black flat Steve Madden boots. Not even a heel at all on these shoes. So it isn't like I was some clumsy chick slipping and rolling my ankle for no reason. I slipped on a wet floor and fell to the ground to suffer a concussion. Just wonderful!!!! NOT
5	Great vibe, Deconstructed meatballs and market kale salad are great. Beautiful people  serving you with a DJ spinning.  What coukd be better? In the heart of Scottdales bar scene.
3	This is my favorite spot in Old Town! I go here every single time I go out and it never fails. It is VERY packed after 10 so be aware that you might want to go here first on your night of bar hopping. The music is always on point and the drinks are always strong. I never have a problem getting in, mainly because my boyfriend knows all of the bouncers and the GM. We always walk right in! However, this past weekend that all changed. It was the Saturday of the Phoenix Open (huge golf tournament) and my boyfriends 30th birthday, two HUGE events for us. I can understand that most bar/clubs in Scottsdale try and maintain a guy/girl ratio and with the open in town there were about 15 guys to every 1 girl.... Long story short, we actually got TURNED AWAY because we had 1 too many guys in our group... let me tell you how the door guy was very apologetic explaining this ratio, which I understand but when you let in a group of ugly, over weight, fat chicks (yes, that is shallow but this is Scottsdale) instead of someone who has spent tons of money (and were about to do it again) at your bar is terrible. We went to El Hefe and walked straight in, no issues there.I will forever look at HiFi differently after that. Used to be a 5 star bar, now a 3...
1	I get that his place is live on Saturday nights and I get why there's always a line.. but in realitiy.. this ain't Vegas.  Most popular clubs in Seattle.. lines tend to move quick.  The richer areas like Bellevue, the same.. lines tend to move quick.  Scottsdale is comparable to Bellevue (Rich folks.. fancy cars.. etc.). From what I saw the past few weekends (Saturday Nights), the only issue I have is the line.  Go there Saturday night.  Security personal checking your I.D. is that short white dude who thinks he's bad ass.  "Hey girls.. I'll let you in.. but give me a hug." SMH. One of the worst experiences.. There goes half the night. This place could be awesome if it was bigger and better Security Personal who can check ID's faster.  Maybe Management told Security to check 1 ID every 5 to 10 minutes but that just means.. Management sucks even more. People came to drink and have fun.. not wait in line for an hour just to get to the front of the line and wait another 15 minutes.  Sure I can give the short security guy some money.. but what's the point of free entry.  dafuq? Hi Fi also needs to do a better job of managing the damn line.  People cut which may cause a fight to break out or some to jump over the fence onto the patio.  I give this place a 1 for wasting my time and wasting my time writing this damn review.  People,Try going to Whisky Row.. it's right next door.  Faster.. better looking girls and less crowded.  It's not a bumper to bumper grind on guys ass. Oh!! and the girls dancing on the bar holding a 5th of goose.. they pour you drinks.. but make sure to tip those gals.  the bartenders are way hotter at Whisky Row
1	I loved this bar when I first came in and the music was fantastic! The waitresses were lousy, but I figured we could go up to the bar to get our drinks.I ended up spending $50 on drinks and food, but when I go to look at my checking account today, they had 2 new pending charges on my card - one for $1 and one for $64.75! WTH?! .... now I have to go through the troubles of contacting my bank, getting a new debit card issued and going through a dispute with them over the new charges they put on my card when I haven't been in scottsdale since saturday!I WILL NEVER GO HERE AGAIN! Word to the wise: check your card balance when you get home and for about a week later.... someone over there is being shady as hell and needs to get FIRED and/or ARRESTED!
2	This place is nice, except when it's a weekend night. It is way too crowded in there. The line didn't take too long to get in, but it feels like they honestly let way too many people inside. That makes the experience worse. Getting pushed around, having no personal space at all. When trying to navigate over to the bar and back to your friends, that's a long process.
3	Great place for brunch. Love the bottomless mimosas.
1	Absolutely sucked. Staff is racist. One of them made a comment about my Hispanic friend and asked if she even knew how to speak English.
1	Not sure when they added a dress code, but I don't recall it being around when it first opened. It was news to me this weekend. Saturday night my jeans were called "too baggy" even though other guys inside the bar were wearing the same kind of jeans. Great eyes, bouncer.Then today I came in during the day and was turned around because they didn't consider my "flip flops" as "sandals" yet there again, guys standing in the outside patio were wearing similar open-toed sandals. This place is usually really cool spot for drinks and music but the dress code gives bouncers justification to make up stupid reasons up to turn you around. I understand dress standards but when you get down to criticizing what sandals & jeans look like you've hit a low.
4	Came here for happy hour where it was practically dead, but since we're vacationers, we took up on sitting outside and we loved our few dollars beers and burger bites. They were delicious! Our waitress was nice and it was a good hang out spot. We heard this is great during the weekend days too.
2	I used to like this place when they first opened. The music was good the place was clean. Now they have terrible music and the crowd sucks. Since they closed martini ranch all the lame, and dbags decided to take over hi Fi. However, I am always been satisfied with their customer service. One thing which I don't like is there dress code which is toward black community. Let's treat everyone the same. We no longer live in 1960. Besides we all equal. Additionally, please stop overcharging credit cards without permission. It is a crime. There are other ways to make money. Whoever does it, they steal and stealing is a crime. Someone needs to get fired over it.
3	I loved the music here and the wait time wasn't too bad. It was pretty crowded once we got in though. Dance space was limited. The staff was friendly.
1	I've been there before and it was just OK but I'll never go back because of this article - http://bit.ly/1ivfm8t - which states that a UA fan was turned away because he was wearing a cap. He was also turned away when he returned because his shoes matched his shirt. Who the hell are you people??? Pull your snobby head out of your butt and take in customers. I understand not allowing caps (kind of...it's a bar in the party capital of the state during NCAA Tournament and Spring Training time, you're bound to get people wearing hats) but not allowing somebody in because they're a U of A fan? I wouldn't even expect this out of an ASU-themed bar. They'll still take the business. I'll never EVER recommend this place to anybody.
1	This place refused service to a wildcat fan. This establishment well never get my business. Why give my money to these people who think it's ok to disrespect like that. Plenty of other places in old town to hit up to catch a game.
1	The bouncers in this place pick and choose who they'll allow to come in and have been know to discriminate then blame dress code policy. Stay away, there are much better options in Old Town.
1	Lousy service!Over priced food and drink!Verging on racism when it come to whom they allow into the establishment.  Other than that it is mediocre.Avoid!
2	Some of the things that owners Les and Diane Corieri really do not want to be known for is their lack of support an Arizona sports team like the Wildcats of Tucson. Their bouncers & management are on ego trips. Food not bad but their attitude stinks I'm glad there are many more place to go to in the area. Boycott & go U OF A
1	Stay away. Overpriced, food is mediocre at best, staff is rude. Many better options out there don't waste your time.
1	Good thing they got location... Because the doucebag bar staff is clueless. Actually, clueless is a great word. You've seen the movie, right. Put Reece Witherspoon in the bartender position, downgrade her actual skills about 90%, and bingo.... You've got it. I usually admire big boy entrepreneurs that ball up and own a market. It's evident this ownership /management is.... Wait for it.... Clueless.
4	Well, what can say about this place? I like the place. They play good music. Gets crowded after a while which was good. The more people the better. We got there around 10pm no line and free to get in which always a plus. Crowd is pretty good. Drinks are reasonable. Paid $20 for 1 mixed drinks and 2 beers not bad at all. We only stayed for an hour coz we wanted to check out other places also. Overall, experience on this was good. I'll def go back to this place.
2	These guys don't support UofA teams so I wont support them in Tucson.
1	This place blows for watching a UFC fight, what bar doesn't turn off the music? Manager had shitty follow through, at least the mediocre food wasn't highly priced... Though, would have paid more to hear the fight.
1	If I could give this place ZERO stars, I would. There was no line or cover and I now know why. I was out with a group of girlfriends for a girls weekend and wanted to find fun nightlife. Landed at this place and AWEFUL doesn't begin to describe it. They bump loud dance music with no dance floor and have incredibly rude staff. Waited 20 minutes at the bar to be passed up for drinks by the same bartenders multiple times with no acknowledgement. When I stepped in to flag down the bartender after waiting for so long, she gave me a rude glance and continued to pass me and others by. Extremely disappointed - spend your time and money elsewhere and save yourself the trouble!!
3	First time at Hi Fi. Came for early dinner with friends. There were about 30 folks in the place at 4:30, probably due to its awesome location. Let's get to the food. I ordered Papago Orange Blossom beer, my favorite beer in the world. Good start. My wife got a glass of wine, which she nursed for a couple of hours. She also ordered the quinoa salad and some fries. I ordered the bacon Brussels sprouts and buffalo wings. The salad was very good. It had a good, tangy dressing, plenty of nicely cut veggies and a healthy portion. The fries with spicy aioli were very good too but the order was pretty tiny. My sprouts were very disappointing. They weren't caramelized at all, so they were rather greasy. The wings, which came with very good bleu cheese dip, were lackluster. So my wife ordered good stuff and I did not. Crap. The meal without drink was $25 plus tip. Not bad but the flavors were subpar.
1	If u have money this place is perfect for you!  After four hours and a $300 tab my party of 8 people got booted from our table for someone who was willing to pay $600 and bought a bottle!  We could have easily spent that much on beer but because we didn't buy a bottle we weren't worthy. On top of that I was willing to pay the $100 reservation fee so we wouldn't lose our seats and I was told I didn't have to worry about it, that we were fine!  Then the kicker we hadn't even vacated our table yet and they were already clearing our stuff out and putting the other party in place! All I can say is BS. Wish I hadn't wasted my hard earned money there.
1	Walked in and sat at the bar. There seemed to be an abundance of staff standing around, including one girl examining a tattoo she had on her side. Anyway, we waited for about a minute. No one even glanced in our direction, so needless to say, we did not receive any service. We walked out and went directly next door to Whiskey Row. Not surprised Hi Fi was nearly empty while the other surrounding bars had full patios. Step up your customer service game, Hi Fi. It was sad and awful.
1	This place definitely gets so crowded that you can hardly move, but while waiting for a drink I was shoved by one of the bartenders and told to get the f out of his way so he could get behind the bar. I will never come back.
1	Ok, so they didn't take my CC, like I said in The last review. Also, I am not accusing this place of any wrongdoing.  This place just sucks.
1	Door guy was best member on entire staff!  We walked in, sat on patio, cocktail waitresses ignored every single person on patio, we finally went to bar to order a drink.  When at bar we saw a manager talk to the waitresses and tell them to quit chatting with each other and help the customers, we had already gone to bar so did not need them then (of course they didn't return when we could've used another round).  We then went to bar for another round and the bartenders did same as waitresses.  After a 15 minute wait to be acknowledged, mind you it was dead on Sunday evening, a bartender finally helped us.  We asked to speak with a manager just to let him know how terrible service had been, the manager came out and said you are drinking so I won't talk to you and he just walked away.  This place is the "jersey shore" of Scottsdale, don't waist you time here.
2	I'm sure Hi Fi has a cool night scene but I went here to eat, so let me preface this review with that. It's a big open bar with lots of outdoor seating. All the waitresses are in skimpy outfits and, even on a Monday at 4:30pm, everyone there was drunk.I got the Mac and cheese, which, with every bite, would congeal into a weird gelatinous shape. It was like I was eating white velveeta that wasn't quite as good as velveeta. If I hadn't had a few Stella's before it, I might not have eaten it.The place was empty, especially compared to the place across the street, which just further showed how this is not a place to get food. Go here late night if you choose but there's so many places in Scottsdale that it's hard to justify Hi Fi.
2	They are good for drinks, but other than that they don't care about you, even bottle service and talking to a manager they overcharge, after they over charge you they add to the price of every drink you order and want a tip, if you ask for the management to correct the BS you get a free shot that in no way makes up for the neglect you get when you get bottle service. Don't go here for a party and after I bought bottle service, the BUS BOY spilt beer in my girlfriend and I, overall a horrible night.
1	Well I really cant say if I like the place or not because I (for some reason) wasn't allowed in.  So I went to this place on a Saturday after work to attend a friends pre bachelor party festivities.  Now look I understand how most of the bars/clubs in Scottsdale have a "strict dress code" so I purposely brought 2 totally different outfits to make sure I wouldn't have a problem getting in (i thought).  So I get in the area of the place, had to pay $10 for valet (plus tip) got in line and made sure to observe the other males dress to determine if I should be able to get in or if i would have to make a trip to the car.  I saw guys ahead of me getting in with flip flops, hats, ripped jeans, tank tops, so I'm thinking "Damn i might have over dressed".  I was wearing a short sleeve button up shirt some clean jeans and a pair of clean air force one's.So I get my turn at the door and was ABSOLUTELY SURE i wouldn't have any issues getting in.  WRONG!!!  I get to the bouncer, he looks me up and down and say he couldn't let me in...HUH?!?!?  I asked why and he stated "your shoes" and un hooked the rope thing and said get out the line.  I was shocked because I watched others getting in with similar shoes and even worst and couldn't believe he said that.  So he stopped talking to me and definitely had a problem with me pointing out people inside and out wearing similar things and he had no problem with letting them in.  So i called my friends (who were already inside) let them know i wasn't going to be able to get in and they came out so we could go somewhere else but before we left i asked another bouncer if I could just go and change my shoes so not to ruin the night and i was told "No! Once your told you cant get in that's it no second chance"."F" this place!  I'm glad I wasn't let in it only pushed me to a better bar.  Wish i had read the reviews on here earlier that way we would have never went at all!  By the way "HI FI" I work in customer relations for one of the biggest call centers in Scottsdale and I will be sure to tell every not to go there anymore.
5	I was really impressed with this place. I just stumbled in here with a couple friends the other night down in Old Town and will definitely make this a regular stop. My drinks were strong, the music was great, and the overall vibe was perfect. I didn't get a chance to try any food but maybe next time. I'm surprised that I didnt find this place sooner, but hey it is fairly new and I cant wait to go back!
2	I have never understood why hi fi is so crowded.  The set up is squeezed in with almost no room for dancing and the only places to sit are in the VIP booths if you're getting bottle service. Hi Fi brings in all sorts of people from different races, but they are so incredibly douchey and a bit unattractive as a whole, its not even funny.
3	Came here the other night for a friend's 21st birthday. I've been here several times and it's a bit hit or miss for me. I think it largely depends on my mood. PRO's: Awesome for people watching as there are usually a good combination of "interesting" people mixed with beautiful people. Prices aren't outrageous and I've never paid a cover charge here. The atmosphere is fun and upbeat. A good place to amuse young (21-23 year olds) friends/relatives. CON's: A little on the douchey side at times. I don't know if it's more unique to Scottsdale than the bar itself but be prepared to be scrutinized openly by other patrons. Also, it's one of those bars where the music is loud but there's seemingly a lack of dance space. Most people congregate by the front to dance which is somewhat awkward. Also, be prepared to wait an eternity for a drink. Overall, this bar is okay if you're literally looking for an "Old Town" experience such as a 21st birthday but not really one of my favs. I don't hate it but I don't love it either.
1	Place is overly crowded every time I come on the weekends. People are constantly pushing and the bouncers don't seem to care. I have had my credit card stolen from the bar and my phone stolen out of my purse.
1	Still the same crappy, zero service! CA  someone say train wreck? Maybe it's time to retool fellas.
1	My first experience here. My friend had nike shoes on and they didn't let him in. He had nice jeans and a dress shirt on. They let people in with hats and shorts. The bouncers are selective. We were just trying to celebrate my friends bday.  I will never come back. Filing a BBB complaint too.
5	Hi FI opened up close to a year ago, but it has taken a lot less time then that to become one of my favorite palaces to go to. The food is amazing, and the "adult milkshakes" cant be beat. At night it transforms into a top notch club that cant be beat. I suggest to anyone to check it out if you're looking for a good meal or a good time.
5	This is probably one of my favorite places in oldtown scottsdale. The bartenders make great drinks and the music is really good.
5	Very impressed, good atmosphere, some of the best drinks in Old Town. I'd say it's worth checking out good place to start the night!
5	Had a great time with co-workers at Hi Fi on a Thursday night. Great cocktails and good dancing. Also, I must RAVE about the staff / customer service - Asst. GM Michael M is fabulous! He went out of his way to take care of us. Thanks Michael!! Can't wait to go back!
1	Racist club.  Said a black friend couldnt get in cause of his hat, when we said he'd take it off they still said no.
2	Hit this place on our pub crawl. Forgive me but I spoke to some people who say this place is crazy after 11 pm. Like wall to wall partiers. It is on a hot corner on Whiskey Row. But we were early and one of three people inside, pretty much ignored by the bartender who was setting up. We didn't stay long and moved on. More to see....
3	I love coming to Hifi to come sit outside and watch the games. It's an eagles bar which a lot of my friends are so it's always a good time. The service is always good and the food is good as well. I had the meatballs which were really tasty. I would recommend anyone to have that. Overall fun place during the day and the night life scene is also fun. I wish they had a bigger space so people could move around and dance.
2	This place is trashy, but the music is good. People literally do drugs in public here.
5	Always a great time. Bartenders are awesome and i tip them really great (50% everytime) for always hustling and slangin' drinks quickly when super packed. The bouncers see me as a regular and don't have to wait anymore and the girls are beautiful. Haven't tried any of their food yet so will get back on that one when I do. It f does get packed on the weekends and hard to move through the crowd. Best bet is to get there a little early and snag a couch... it's fun as well. Ethen
1	The manager Michael attacked me as I was recording an incident outside their night club sat night early Sunday morning. Broke my iPhone. Tells you what kind of worthless employees they must have if the manager loses control. If you want to get in a fight, this is the place to go. Multiple fights throughout the night.  I even emailed the general manager to resolve the issue and of course no response. I will be pressing charges as I have on video the manager attacking me.  Losers!!
1	While attending with my girlfriend a few months ago,  I witnessed a few people fall victim to this, testosterone fueled drunken overly packed discriminatory public venue. The Fire Department has to check this place for max-capacity limitations. Very small, the venue packs drunken testosterone filled spray tannedpatrons into a room, so they cant move. This allows the bouncers to antagonize the customers, they dont like. I guess they can kick you out for pushing and fighting and all your doing is walking and trying not to get trampled over.  While standing on the outskirts I noticed girls and waitress fall off the VIP stage, hurting themselves, breaking ankles and splashing drinks on innocent bystanders.The manager, is a curly head Bryant Gumbel looking tight woad,  with a bill belamy relaxer perm, he really tries to fit in on this side of town and it shows.  He begs for acknowledgement, and everyone see's it.   He talks to the waitress and the young girls that work for them,   like they are his little children, telling them get to work. Stop talking!  Total buzz kill,  he seemed very unprofessional in public. The way VIP is set up is dangerous, little hostess tight rope on a 8 inch beam, while serving drinks to drunken, Pally D wanna bees .  This place is a lawsuit ready to happen. Especially if a fire or fight breaks out wow, problems!  The hostess fall off the stage and spill drinks on the customers. While the bouncer and the managers walk around as if they are Robo cop, with microphones,that allows them to speak to someone through the ear pieces, all while getting paid a whopping $10.25 an hour! Please steer clear of this establishment, at least while the current management and staff are in charge. This is not a welcoming environment at all. You will witness, managers and staff intentionally use harassing rhetoric to escalate violence with customers, that are already under the influence. Very confrontational communication styles.Only because the Police are out front.  The interaction with staff is less friendly and more in your face, pushy and antagonizing.    I had a friend get arrested here a few months ago from back east,  oops their mistake, he is a practicing 10 year attorney, they will be changing staff sooner then they think at this location. Overall this place feels like the wrong side of town. Good luck to you all.
3	Upon walking into hifi I was utterly confused. For one, not a single person said anything about seating ourselves. The bar was filled with scantly dressed waitresses who were aloof to what was going on; half of them didn't know what time brunch ended and the other half didn't really know anything about what was on the menu. When we found a booth we asked for brunch menus, however it took three different employees until we actually got a brunch menu and not a regular menu. Up until that point I thought I was doomed. It wasn't until we sat and ordered and finally got our food that out experience took a 360 turn for the better.  We ended up with a large, comfy leather booth. The food was delicious, I got the French toast and my friend got a breakfast burrito. We also got alcoholic shakes which were very sweet but good. The DJ started plying music during tv commercials and absolutely killed it. Overall the experience turned out real good. But due to the poor service, ditsy waitresses and seemingly clueless staff, I give them 3 stars (I would give 3.5 if I could). But pretty delicious food and great DJ for sure.
1	Cant smoke cigars on patio but can smoke cigarettes.  Makes loads of sense.  Wont be back.
1	If you're looking for eye candy, this is your place.  If you're looking for service faaaaa-get-about it.  I mean, wow, really?  I'm trying to write this review in simple words because the people who typically go to this place probably can't read on more than a 5th grade level.  We sat and waited for someone to serve us for 20 minutes, and then asked one of the roided out Scottsdale douchbag bouncers to grab a waitress.  Does he apologize for the wait? Nope.  He walks up and walks away because all he could think about was his next protein shake, his next tattoo (probably a cross or something really cliche like a quote from Corinthians), or how he's going to make another payment on his bmw 3 series that he's leasing while still living at home and trying to impress the very girls that work there.  This is the guy who says "I know the owner" everywhere he goes.  This is the guy who has an affliction v-neck.  This is the guy who has friends named Brock and hunter.  Dear upper management, take a moment to train your staff on a simple concept: service trumps I'm surrounded by buffoons.
4	Love their adult milkshakes otherwise this bar is subpar. The atmosphere is like any other bar on saddlebag trail with a lot of speakers.
4	Place had tents setup just in case it started to rain, the staff was friendly,  and they had a tight dj last night. Drinks are reasonable priced and they have a good heating system in the patio. Would come out again on my next visit.
3	The music is okay, and it gets SUPER packed. It's not a very big bar but people will squish in like sardines. Considering how loud and crazy it is in here, the bartenders were still nice and the prices for drinks were reasonable.
1	I probably would have loved this place in my early 20s. We went there on a Sunday for a little football bar action. The wait staff appeared extremely busy so it was difficult to order anything. There was a DJ blaring music during the commercial breaks of the Philly Eagles game. My friends and I gave up talking within 10 minutes of sitting down because it was so extremely loud in there (is that the point? God I'm old). The food was decent, better than typical bar fare. Reasonably decent beer selection. Will I ever go back? I hope not. Would rather look for food in a trash can than go through that experience again.
1	Oh god. Please don't waste your time or money here. There's no room to walk around let alone anything close to a dance floor, the service is complete crap, and their glasses are always dirty! We went again last night to give it another shot, I ordered a round of shots and the bartender wouldn't even make eye contact with me let alone smile or give good customer service at all, then I watched him pour 5 completely uneven shots - only one was a full count and no joke the other 4 were like splashes of liquor, he wasn't paying attention at all. Maybe it was because there was a dancer's bare ass right in his face dancing on top of the bar - so tacky. Then once I finally wriggled my way through the crowd to find my group again, all our shot glasses had lipstick marks all over them. Gross. I'll never be back.
