3	Does the Burger Factory live up to the take-out menu claim, "Phoenix's Greatest Hamburgers"?The extensive menu ran from wall to wall above the order counter, ranging from American breakfasts, lunch and dinner classics to Mexican fast food. I wish they cut the menu and concentrate on what they do well, to avoid trying mediocre dishes. The counters and food preparation areas were spotless.  The seating area was eighties; laminated tables and molded plastic seating. The seating area is clean and serves its purpose but in need of a make-over. The Bacon Cheese burger, was reminiscent of a summer day, kids playing by the pool, and mom and dad work the BBQ and prepare your meal.  My bacon cheese burger had crisp shaved lettuce, a tasty slice of tomato with a perfect charbroiled (slim) burger on a soft bun. My first taste at the Burger Factory was the same as a summer BBQ, except in this case my family is Korean and there was no pool. Father and son behind the counter and it is all business; create and provide your order then move on. Mom gives a few hurried smiles as she takes orders and checks the grills. When I started asking general questions "mom" beamed with pride and said they have been in business 11 years and pointed out her husband and son. On my first night I wanted so much to give this hard working "family" burger-joint a good review. However, my side order left me very disappointed; I asked myself, "Who can screw up chili fries." The chili was dry as if it was simmering in the pot for several hours. The fries beneath this burnt experience were bland. I am not sure if I am willing to give this side order a second chance, but I went back seeking redemption from their vast menu.The Patty Melt on night two lived up to my expectations. The grilled rye, onions, burger and cheese melted on my pallet. The Patty Melt had the perfect proportion of decadence (butter and grease) I was longing for. I ordered a side of Homemade Mushrooms. The breaded mushrooms were good and an improvement from the last side experience. The owners' son handed me my second order at Burger Factory. I responded in Korean, "Thank you much". He rolled his eyes. I was thinking, "What has come of today's youth." He was likely thinking, "Your Korean sucks."Update since 02/08My Korean family must read Yelp. They are going to redo the joint with new laminated tables. The new tables will include local advertising. Clever. Still think they should concentrate on the menu. Last night I indulged in another artery clogging Patty Melt. Still love their burgers.Sorry I have not been faithful lately. (ONE SENTENCE EDITED OUT BY REQUEST OF YELP). This is non-competitive to Yelp. Besides who could compete with these great reviews?Spreading love and grease (the burgers).Ben
3	I live just north of the Burger Factory, its always busy.  The menu offers a little bit of everything, making it a great place to bring an office group with  different tastes.  The food portions are large and if your looking for a greasy spoon the burger factory might be your place for a quick bite.
5	There are precious few places you can still eat lunch for ~$5.  Burger Factory is one of them.  I normally get the burger special; a good sized burger, fries and a supertanker of a soda complete with all the refills you can stand.  The burgers are usually pretty tasty, complete with 1000 Island dressing.  The fries are usually fresh.  They carry Pepsi products, including my personal favorite, Cherry Pepsi.It's a cheap lunch, complete with entertainment; an older gentleman of Asian descent works there, I take him to be the owner.  I happen to take great pride in being a crabby SOB, but this guy beats me hands down.  He's actually a really nice guy, once you get to know him.  But, watching him deal with people who are overwhelmed by the menu in the middle of the lunch rush would be worth the price of admission, even if the food wasn't so good.The building is a little old, the decor is outdated.  But, if you work in the area, I can't recommend highly enough that you give it a whirl.  If you go in expecting an inexpensive, fast-food lunch you won't be disappointed.
2	I am not a fan.  The burgers are okay!  I have been their once and won't return.  With "Burger" in the name of the restaurant I was expecting much better.  It was weird experience eating there.  What made it weird is the fact that it would of been a great burger except for the meat patty.  It was very thin and flavorless.  The toppings on the other hand were very fresh and tasty.  I had a bacon and avocado burger.  The bacon was thick, the avocado and the other toppings were great.   In the end this factory needs to be re-tooled to make a better burger.
3	From the outside this downtown-ish restaurant doesn't look like much. Just a large white block. It seems like it should be a taqueria or at least small on the inside... but don't let the looks fool you! it's big on the inside... well - at least bigger than I thought it'd be! I grabbed breakfast here and had the original breakfast burrito... this bitch comes with scrambled eggs, hash browns, bacon, sausage, ham and cheese. I asked for it without the ham because three meats would've been gluttonous! :P I grabbed some mountain dew for the caffine I needed to get through this day, and good mercy! When I saw this huge monstrosity - I wished I asked for it without the sausage too! but I managed! Good and freshly cooked, but when I was ordering I saw the cooks cook up large orders of hashbrowns and there weren't that many people there. Soooo they pre-cook some of their stuff with. I think I was fortunate to have been there early... but if you're going to come later in the morning - I unno... things might not be that fresh. I loved my burrito but it was a LOT of food! I think I'll just stick to my bacon and egg burrito from now on. I can't wait to try their burgers!
3	Drive through or dine in. The drive-thru wait for your order can seem overlong. I'm a fan of their carne asada burritos and their chicken burritos - very tasty. Also their breakfast burritos. They use real tortillas, not gummy doughy ones like fast food joints use. All the burritos are huge - really two meals worth of food. But, they're not careful about removing gristle from the meat or excess liquid from the spoon before wrapping up your burrito. So if you're a picky eater or you don't like messy food, don't get any kind of burrito. Burgers and Philly cheese steak sandwiches are also pretty good. They have a big variety on the menu actually. It's a greasy spoon, and I do mean greasy, but was a weekly stop when I worked nearby.
4	A 'Burger Factory' you say?  Am I to understand that this is a factory that produces burgers?  Away post-haste!Right down the street from work (everything is right down the street from work) is The Burger Factory, a place that fills my head with visions of little burgers riding down a conveyor belt.  First comes the bottom bun, then a machine delicately places a few drops of sauce on it, then another machine spreads it with precision, then the next robot arm gently places a patty, then next one puts the lettuce on top of that, then another one puts on the onions, the next robotic arm is poised to place bacon if needed, then comes the cheese machine, then the last machine places a top bun on it and pats it lovingly.  Then the complete burger continues its ride on the conveyor belt to a final machine which quickly and accurately boxes the burger, then stamps it with an 'ACME' stamp.  Bugs Bunny takes the boxed burger over to a drive thru window and gives it to the customer...ok, i'm bored at work doing stupid spreadsheets, so my mind is wandering!Anyway, you don't get to see Bugs Bunny, but you do get food prepared with precision and quality assurance.  First, I was impressed with the number of items on the menu.  A varied variety of various burgers, some sandwich staples, Mexican food, greasy spoon dinners, and even breakfast.  Whether or not they do all of these categories well...I vow to find out and report.So far, I've had a Philly Cheese Steak and a gyro from here.  I haven't been satisfied with a cheese steak in a very long time, but the Factory has come the closest to getting it right for me.  Tender meat, gooey cheese, and enough of it.  Peppers and onions were grilled to carmelized goodnes.  And the bread was even good.  The taste was right on point...the perfect balance of savory and sweet and devilish.  It wasn't a little boy's size, either.  I got full.The gyro?  If anyone has ever read my reviews of gyro joints, they know I love the things more than I love my family.  Factory's gyro was...big.  That's the most memorable thing about it.  The taste was just average.  Not bad at all, but it doesn't rank in MY top 5.  Its got everything that a gyro should have...meat, onions, sauce, pita.  And lots of it all.  But like I said, the taste is only ok.  Ah, I need to get over myself I think.  Most people would find this gyro superb.When a place has you looking forward to coming back and trying more, they've pretty much done their job.  These guys are quick with the orders and the price is not too bad at all...I'd say a complete lunch for about 8 bucks?  I like that they are open early for breakfast, because my only other options are McDonald's, The Good Egg (waaaaay too expensive), and some other places that I probably have yet to discover in this area.  Hopefully, I'll be trying their breakfast soon as they offer all the omletes that I like, and pancakes, too.I think this is one of those places that you keep trying stuff on the menu until you come accross something you really don't like, then you just stick with what's been good to you.
5	I have lived near to this place for years but never considered checking it out because the building looks icky. But I have been back three times and it's only been two weeks!The menu is huge. It's worth visiting this place just to see it. How can they fit so much food in such a small place?  Well I don't care anyway, I guess.  I am impressed that they offer a gardenburger option for people like me. It is also great to see how clean the inside is. The decor conjures memories of enjoying the Ramona Quimby books as a kid. Burger Factory's atmosphere is exactly what I would have expected had i been with Ramona when she was lucky enough to enjoy a meal out.My favorite thing to order is the patty melt with a gardenburger patty.  It's always good! They use rye bread, tons of cheese, and an equally large amount of sauteed onion.  Order a large fries and they give you more than you could ever eat in one sitting.  Only problem is that fries aren't all that great reheated in the microwave the next day.
3	Went there with a co worker for lunch today. Its nothing special, but it isn't supposed to be anything special. The have an extensive menu but I can only talk about the burgers and fries. I found them to be a step up from your average fast food restaurant but not as good as a typical restaurant burger. If you are pressed for time and looking for a quick burger in
1	This place is gross. It all tastes the same - greasy and disgusting.
4	UPDATE:  I still order the patty melt veggie style but not long ago, I dragged a friend here to check out breakfast.YUM! Check out the pic I posted of the VEGGIE BREAKFAST BURRITO. It was wonderful. As usual, courteous, efficient service.
3	Me and the work crew eat here about once every couple of weeks, great food, huge portions. We have had the Philly steaks, burgers, and Mex dinners, that are all good. Fries are golden brown and you get a good size drink with the specials. This is a cash only establishment so bring a twenty. I call it in on the way then pick it up in the drive through and bring it back to the office, it's always a hit.
5	This is my absolute favorite breakfast place... ever!! The biggest and most amazing chorizo burrito I have ever had! Eggs, chorizo, cheese and hash brown in a huge tortilla. I have never been disappointed with this burrito. I live in Laveen and we drive over on saturday mornings to get this! I also love the burgers as well. I usually order the bacon cheeseburger... I love crispy bacon and that is exactly what you get! They are not cheap with the cheese either! Large portions, I suggest ordering the smaller fries...the small is huge! I love this place! They do have a huge menu! Something for everyone.....
4	The best french fries, perfect. Burgers were good. Plenty of food for the money.Lots of choices on the menu. From breakfast to ribeye steaks, his place has variety.  Prices were reasonable, food was fresh, service prompt. We will eat here again, I'm sure.
4	I usually do drive-in and frankly never had Mexican food there before, just love the Chili Burger, Monster Burger, Pastrami Burger but until today no Mex.But tonight, wow! Green Chili Burrito, huge, BIG chunks of really tasty beef, bell pepper, all kinds of stuff. Truly fine food. I'm impressed and very full of quality ingredients, with tax $5.45.Viva Burger Factory!
4	One of my favorite places to eat. The menu is very diverse and its overall decently good especially for the price. For breakfast i would suggest the original breakfast burrito. It comes with diced ham, sausage, bacon, hashbrowns, eggs, and cheese. I always add gravy to it and its about $5.25 after tax, really good considering its an entire breakfast in a burrito. For lunch and dinner the burger special can't be beat. But all in all most everything here is good especially if you stick to the traditional american food.  I hope this review helps and enjoy cause i do that's why im the duke of this joint!!
5	A local burger joint that's been around for as long as I can remember. Sometimes it's hard to pick out what to eat since there are a billion items on their menu.The last time I went, I ordered the sourdough double cheese burger with bacon and avocado.How was it? It was as if a sourdough jack made a beautiful baby with a BLT. Grilled sourdough with 2 burger patties, american cheese, bacon, lettuce, tomato and generous portions of avocado. One word, amazing.I've also had the gyro here, which was better than My Big Fat Greek Restaurant IMO.
4	For fast food, these guys make a great burger--no joke! Great service too, so polite. Check it out...just make sure you bring cash cause BF is not taking your plastic.
1	My wife and I went our of our way to go to Burger Factory to get a pastrami sandwich.  When we tried to eat them, they were so tough, full of sinew/gristle that we could not chew them.  I took them back to the manager, challenging him with one of the pieces of pastrami to try to chew through it, or possibly make a belt out of it.  It was that tough!  We will not be going back.
2	There are many things good and bad I can say about the Burger Factory and I will do so here.1) No credit cards or debit cards. Really???2) Bathrooms - ladies room has noticeable issue with the floor (it dips), the soap dispenser - seems to be filled with plain old water and the air dryers take too long to dry your hands.Now for the food:1) Burger Special - great deal; if you're looking for something other than a McDouble to kill your taste buds; however, the fries are terrific.2) I ordered a Patty Melt one day and a few weeks later came back and had the fish; both were so greasy you could have used them for lubricating the wheels on your vehicle. The chicken tenders??? were so hard that in a previous life they could have been something fired from the muzzle of a pirate's pistolIn all, the Burger  Factory is still a great way to euthanize your taste buds. If you're really hungry for a good burger, there are other places to go.
5	Awesome food: breakfast burritos, salads (especially the Greek), pork tenderloin sandwhich, grilled chicken sandwich, the Cosmopolitan (which reheats really well when you cannot eat the entire thing), grilled cheese, french fries (nice and thick, good with gravy), the list goes on...
4	I love BF. They have the best burger deal in town. Burger, Fries and Drink super cheap. Their burgers and fries are one of the best in Phx! What is really wonderful too and extremely, outstandlishly ( Is that a word?) delicious here is their Breakfast Burro. Who knew? Huge, cheap, tasty-YUMMY!  It is actually one of the best ones I have ever had. They use real sausage too. Check it out.The place is a dive though but you know what they say about divey places having good food.  If you go through drive in be careful it has a strange scary curve. They say a lot of accidents happen in their drive through so no drunk or hung over food runs, OK?
5	i have been going to the burger factory for 6 years.  this is a family run joint.  this is not a trendy place.  It reminds me of the small places in chicago and surrounding areas. you walk in they have a menu that goes on for days. burgers gyros fried chicken salads mexican food breakfast philly cheese steaks. this is a wonderful place to grab quick take out/carry out.  the food is not the best in the valley but for the price you will not get more bang for your buck anywhere else in the valley.  when 2 people can order dinner for under 15 bucks...its hard to beat.  this place is a dive but its run by nice people and man you just cant beat the food from this joint.  mcdonalds prices but 10 times the quality.  the brothers who run the registar are friendly and make sure you get VERY generous portions.  plus i love how they serve things. ie the 3peice chicken dinner. comes with a roll french fries and a few onion rings...and also a small salad.   you cant beat that anywhere in the valley for 7 bucks. in 6 years i have probably  been there 150 times and never had bad food. very consistant. it wont knock your socks off but it will never dissapoint.
1	I really wish I had a dagger to stab myself in the face for trying to eating here. Absolutely the WORST PLACE in the entire valley. I would turn around and go ask for my money back but I am to embarrassed to even be seen in the drive through again. Was on my way home, thought I would give it a shot. I ordered random items; chicken taco and onion rings. The taco was like eating out of a horse trough.. It fell apart immediately and I found myself trying to shovel it into my mouth. After about two bites I realized the meat was questionably chicken. The onion rings were so blah I didn't even touch them. Please do your self a favor.. Dig in the nearest dumpster for lunch, then go home and pound a bottle of vegetable oil. It sure beats the hell out of this joint. No joke.
2	They pulled the shim sham... No Turkey Burgers, so of course, ordered the Grilled chicken sandwich (as a meal)... which was actually pretty tasty. The kicker, they charged me like $11 bucks for a burger meal that goes for $5.49... smh. Scammers!
3	What a mixture of extremes. We all know the place is outdate and a little run down. When it comes to burger places that can actually be a good sign, at least where I am from...so no points off there. My first impression was that the woman running the drive through window was rude. She actually rolled her eyes at me once, which makes me want to go postal. But I kept my temper. Still, knock off some stars there. The food was good. I had a quarter pounder with a carne asada taco on the side. Burger was good--lots of toppings. The taco was also good, but the salsa was great. I had some fries, but was already full and only ate a couple. They were the big thick kind, but not bad based on the two I ate. I like the thinner ones better--one thing McDonald's actually does well, in my opinion. Prices were good--$5.50 for a burger, fries and drink. $2.00 for the taco, but it had a lot of meat for the price. They have amazing variety on their menu. This time I made a special trip based on a friend's recommendation, but I would not go out of my way to get here again. That said, there is so much here to try that I would stop by again if I was in the area.
5	Always worth the drive
3	Don't know why I stopped here! I was looking for something to eat, noticed the establishment, and a burger sounded good. So I pull up to order and once again, like I always do! I ordered something that I didn't stop here for!! So I ended up ordering their chili cheese fries w/onion. Service:There were no one else in the drive through, all I ordered was the chili cheese fries. It took them over 15 min to get the order out! Don't know why, but this seems to be a long wait to me?Food:Well, let me put it this way for you! A) should have just driven by and continued to find something else. B) Should have ordered what I wanted in the first place!Chili fires were to greasy and not enough flavors. I love my chili, but this could have passed as a chili sauce.I'm not trying to say this is the worst place around, but I will have second thoughts of coming back here. And If I ever do? I will not try their chili fries again.
4	The reviews for this place are kind of like a voyeur peering at a marriage of opposites.  Sometimes it's bliss, sometimes misery.  This is not a place to get more than a burger if you're planning to drive and eat.    My friend Tom brought me here my first time a few weeks ago.   I got the gyro combination.  A pita generously filled with lettuce, tomato, gyro meat, all dressed with tzatziki.  On the side was a half field of fresh-cooked fries. 24 ounce drink included.  Today after errands, the family offered me my choice of lunch venues.  I'd been telling them about my lunch with Tom and the variety of dishes at Burger Factory.I chose Burger Factory, they all chose Bacon Lettuce & Tomato sandwiches, and I got another Gyro Combo.  The BLTs were the most generously baconized sandwiches I've Ever seen.  I wasn't sure what I was seeing when I got to the pickup counter.  I peered at the orders, wondering if I was looking at a double burger on bread.  It was more than a half inch of bacon.  The ladies, delicate diners that they are, ate half.  My pita had the most gyro meat I've ever been served.  I could not pick it up until I'd eaten nearly half the contents.  I took the other half home.  The place is very clean and simple, menu and portions vast, price good.  Sweet D enjoyed the large burger I brought home for her.   My guests were impressed, and are planning trips back to try other menu items.
4	I've a friend I meet weekly for lunch and this is one of the places on our rotation. We invariably have the gyro combo. Portions of both meat and fries are generous and tasty. Occasionally, I'll get takeout at night and have the cheesesteak sandwich platter. Again, very generous and tasty. Decor is dated but that's not what you go for.
4	Don't expect fine dining. If you want a nice, greasy burger, you really can't go wrong with this place. Also, they have a neon "salads" sign, and that's just pure awesome.
4	Burgers, breakfast, Philly's, Mexican food and Gyros.... oh my!! This place has the biggest menu of mixed flavors I've ever seen. The co-workers and I go here at least a couple times a month since its just down the road. I feel kind of bad reviewing this place because I've never actually tried their burgers and I'm guessing that is their specialty so I'll have to update this once I've tried them. We work super early so I always get breakfast. I was really disappointed in the biscuits and gravy but then I tried the Original Breakfast Burrito and that is what made me fall in love with this place. The thing is HUGE and only cost $4 bucks..what! No need to decide what kind of meat you want this BEAST comes with all three..sausage, ham and bacon. All wrapped up with eggs, hash browns and  cheese. This place looks like a dive but most of the best places do. Can't wait to try the burgers!
5	I can't believe I've never heard of this place after living here for 20 years!!! Outstanding burger!!!! Had the Bacon, Cheese and Avocado burger and it instantly goes into my top 5 of all time best burgers!!!
1	Tucked away little hole in the wall restaurants generally fall into two categories: authentic little gems or somewhere you might get dysentery. Burger Factory falls solidly into the latter. I got the Chicken Enchilada plate with rice and beans. The red sauce was pretty good, but most likely came out of a can. The rice and beans were alright, but buried beneath a generous helping of lettuce, guacamole and what I think was tzatziki sauce. I mean, sour creme generally doesn't come with herbs and seasoning in it. The chicken -- if that was what it was -- was barely recognizable nuggets of meat. Fatty, tough and rubbery in texture, the meat caused me to give up barely a quarter of the way into the meal. After I dumped the rest of the food in the trash, I brushed my teeth. I won't be returning.
4	Very good honest burger 2nd time here and got great burgers each time.  Fast and a great value.  Looking forward to trying their breakfast burrito soon.
4	Not fancy - but good well above average food.  the place may be called the burger factory but i have been ordering the gyro - and it is very good!
5	Not just a burger place! the menu contains a wide variety of foods., Just to name a few-  Mexican, Gyros, breakfast foods, real milkshakes, Philly steaks, sandwiches and salads. The portions are large and the pricing is great!  I mean C'mon, steak & eggs for $5   !!Great meal deals and efficient servers. THANK YOU burger factory!
1	Mouthwatering, thick, steaming, juicy, fresh meat patties... Are perfect descriptions of the burgers you'll see pictures of on the walls of this establishment. Quite the opposite from what you'll actually get once you receive a burger from their menu. I spent the majority of my lunch break trying to find the perfect angle to take to avoid cutting my beautiful lips on their razor sharp patties. Meat so thin, they could make a serious run on Americas next top model. They've got quite a bit of other food on their menu... But Why would anyone bother with Mexican of Greek food when you can't get a burger right? Quit being cheap, get better meat or change the name. This is one burger factory that needs a recall.
5	There sure is a lot of complainers here talking about cash only. Do none of you carry $10 bucks with you? Actually even less then that? Anyways ranking an establishment because they don't take debit or credit is just a joke. Focus on the food people. Came here and met up with some friends and I'm a huge fan of BLTs and saw they had it on the menu. I ordered it on wheat bread and they also added avocados. Let me tell you this, they sure don't skimp on the bacon. The sandwich alone will fill you up and it was delicious. Lettuce was fresh and crispy, tomatoes were great and the avocados gave it that extra kick. I would recommend getting the BLT They have the normal steak type fries, not sure what they are called, but they are the bigger cut fries and they tasted good as well just like most places. Can't really mess up on fries.My buddy got the chicken wings and they were pretty good. They were crispy and juicy inside. Free refills like any other joint, has the old school look inside but was clean when I was there. I would come back again.
5	I absolutely love the burger factory , I've been coming here for years already and I just wish I lived closer .
4	I've lived the area for nearly 8 years now and decided to wander in for breakfast. It was pretty much what I expected. NOTHING FANCY! However, it was really inexpensive good tasting food being served. I had the bacon and eggs (over medium) with a short stack of pancakes. The bacon was crispy as I requested. The eggs were over easy which I could deal with...the over medium is a new thing I'm trying these days. The pancakes were light and fluffy. The dining room doesn't offer any frills whatsoever. The benches in the booths are cushion less and orange which is the most annoying color that makes you want to leave as quickly as possible according to color studies. I have no complaints though. In fact, I can say I'll probably eat here again. What I didn't get was why they could use real plates but not use silver forks and knives instead of plastic. Maybe I'll try a breakfast burrito when I come back.
1	Worst burger place ever. Felt like I was eating school cafeteria food at best. What kind of restaurant turns their shake machine off at 6 pm? Food was cold except for the zucchini which was also subpar. I would never eat at this sh**hole again. Yuck!!!
5	Cool Fact: Jordan Sparks used to go eat at burger factory when she lived in PHX. http://youtu.be/A105kROIcoM?t=1m25s
4	Not your average take-out joint!The Burger Factory has a large menu with lots of variety choose from. Although their are burgers are delicious, and come in many forms, they also have many other delicious menu items that are worth trying. They have everything from burgers, burritos, gyros, and everything in between. I would recommend guacamole burger. The staff members are very friendly and want to make sure that you have a pleasurable dining experience.The interior is typical of a fast food restaurant and probably below average but does not detract at all from the experience as a whole.
5	anytime I play at hidden house, you can find me pregaming here. the frisco burger is to die for, and for that reason, ive never eaten anything else there...lol
3	I've only been here for lunch but based on some reviews regarding breakfast I may be missing something.The first time I went in here I was kind of overwhelmed by all the choices. It didn't make it any easier trying to decipher the menu plastered above the grill area, that was kind of awkward. I'm not certain if they have a paper menu.I struck up a conversation with a regular and he pointed me to the Gyros special. I ordered that and didn't really dig it too much. The next trip I tried the pastrami and was not too impressed. Both meals BTW, were ginormous. Next, I said to myself if this was an IQ Test and you had to choose something from a place that was called the BURGER Factory what should you choose? Burger, dummy. Yes, I tried a burger the next time through and liked it. So I would rate the burgers a 4 and the rest of the stuff a 2 to average out to a 3 star rating for the total body of work.Also, they take credit cards. So this is not a cash only place.
3	Food is good, however every time I've gone the staff makes me feel like I'm putting them out by being there.
4	Breakfast starts the day here with your choice of standard breakfast platters of your choice of eggs, hash browns, bacon, ham, pancakes or you can go with their breakfast burrito (served with a side of fresh salsa). The gyros, Mexican food or, of course, burgers for lunch. All good options. A cheeseburger combo with fries and a drink is about $7 (I get it without the 1000 Island)
4	I get their avocado burger with no lettuce every time I'm in the neighborhood. The bread on these burgers totally makes them. Tons of avocados. Very tasty! The drive thru service can be a little less than friendly, but as long as they give me my burger, I'm happy!I always use my debit card, but the order has to be greater than $5.
4	I usually get the Egg and Bacon breakfast plate, which includes hash brown and toast w/ jelly packets, overall, it's good. I like to drizzle a little of their hot sauce on the hash browns. I haven't tried their lunch specials yet, so looking forward to that (heard the guacamole burger is good!) Also, I ordered their fried zucchini before, not a big hit for me, but to each is their own. Staff members are always friendly. I would recommend if you want to try something other than your regular breakfast take outs.
1	Came in and ordered a Sourdough Burger,  small onion rings, and a drink from the cashier who could hardly speak understandable English. came out to like $12, and my order was wrong. The bread wasn't real sourdough, the burger patty was bland and rubbery, the onion rings had some type of cornmeal batter and had a bright orange tint, they were pretty horrible, although the cup of ranch they gave me to dip them in was some of the best ranch I have ever had. This place tastes exactly like Burger Rush in Tempe, like eerily similar. The only difference is that it's in a run down building and their customers are mostly the elderly, or younger adults who I can only describe as "methy."
4	First time there hubby got the philly cheese steak sandwich I got the green chili burrito . yes such a variety of food . I even saw on the menu fish and chips .when I picked up our bag to go it was so heavy. My burrito was huge and yes having the other half for dinner . we are going back maybe I'll try a burger lol
3	Cheap burgers for a fancy price. Reminded me of those rubber burgers you got in grade school. Not worth the $10 I spent. I won't be going back soon.
5	I love the best buy combo, this burger is better than anything you will get at mcds burger king etc and the fries are awesome
