5	Went last nite. Was their soft opening.Same excellent service. Same excellent food. Their new restraunt is a little larger than their others. Ownership knows how to do it.
5	I heard one of our favorite hibachi chef  Van went to their new restaurant , we decided to go see him (actually we can not wait to eat his hibachi). New restaurant looks very fancy.When I saw the familiar manager,I could not help to give him a hug.Better service, delicious food as always. Although we need to drive more than thirty minutes away from our house, but  we still think it was worth. So I am writing this review to tell people who living in the surrounding areas of this fabulous place go try it.They have the best japannese food we've had in Las Vegas.
5	I have been going to Ohjah Restaurant's for over a year 1/2 now and I have yet to be disappointed!!  They have the freshest seafood (sushi) and the most amazing hibachi around town.  I have been to many other famous Hibachi restaurants and by far Ohjah has the best tasting food and entertainment at half the price.  Their new rainbow location is just as amazing at their other locations!!  LOVE IT!!
5	This place is AMAZING! I came with my family today and we were sitting at the sushi bar. The sushi chefs Andy and Jonny did a fantastic job and they were very friendly. Sashimi was great and the service here was beyond amazing. Over all Ohjah was good, I'd come here again for all kinds of occasions. Must order there live lobster and abalone!! Highly recommended!
5	Everything i order here is so good. They have lives lobster, abalone, sweet shrimp and all super yummy.Great deal on sushi rolls & combination and very reasonable price in hibachi menu also.Service is good.
5	I was driving by one day and decided to stop by and give Ohjah a try.  The staff was quick to serve and polite.  Even better was the sushi. The fish tasted so fresh and clean, the portion sizes of the roles and slices of the fish were larger than average, and the prices were reasonable.  To top it off, they served us complimentary hot sake during our meal.   What more could you ask for?  I think I found my new favorite sushi place.  I highly recommend Ohjah!
5	SASHIMI ALL THE WAY!!!!More like 10 stars! Best sashimi  my husband and I have EVER had! So good we couldn't even bring ourselves to order a roll. Order the "new modern style" sashimi platter and let the sushi chefs blow your mind. The first two plates they selected for us and they did not disappoint. Each fish has their own garnish, their own sauce....absolutely stunning to the eye. l can't pick a favorite, everything we had was our favorite. Gotta try the salmon sashimi with truffle vinaigrette!!!!!! OMG! The couple next to us had the abalone prepared two ways and it was absolutely stunning. all of their plates have such great beauty and attention to detail. Next time i want to get the live lobster, it comes with raw lobster tail sashimi in shell and also lobster nigiri with warm miso butter, mmmmmmmm....We will absolutely be back and sing high praises to all of our friends!
3	We went and tried out the sushi side - not the hibachi.   Compared to the other places around town, it's comparable and mediocre.They have a decent variety of rolls and a few specialty rolls. The taste is good, but it's nothing out of the ordinary. This place is new, and I'm surprised it's not that busy. The hibachi side wasn't busy either. I heard from a neighbor that hibachi is good, but I'm not that big into it because you're paying more for the show, which is fine. I've never had amazing hibachi, but I can't rate this place based off of that. It could be the most amazing hibachi in the entire world. The customer service is alright, especially since it was pretty slow. There were only 3 other tables being waited on. Our server was very sweet, but she kept forgetting things. We had to ask for additional waters when we asked for 1 per person, ask for our beer twice and she forgot one of our rolls. (Which we were pretty grateful for since we were so full.) We didn't complain or say anything, but the manager seemed to notice. He came by a couple of times to make sure everything was okay. He also gave us a $10 gift card for our next visit. I'm not sure if he was trying to make us feel special... or if he gave one to everyone that night. I would like to try this place again, and maybe on the hibachi side. As for the sushi, I'm not the biggest fan.
4	How could I pass up a sign that says "All you can drink sake." and "Grand Opening"?  I had been craving sushi for a while and was seriously considering going so their advertisement worked.  I was disappointed to hear they didn't have AYCE, but preceded with ordering roll determined to consume more sake than food.   I don't remember in which order I ordered the rolls, but each one was better than the last.  The Tsunami, Gentlemen's Club, Show Me the Love and Cowboys were all delicious.  As originally planned, I had a bottle of sake with each one.  I tried the sake First cold, then hot and finally just room temperature which was my favorite; although I did feel like Goldilocks by the time I was done.  The sake, sushi and service was very good as I felt I had the place to myself...actually I did have the place to myself.  Now if you were thinking how did he drive home after 4 + plus bottles of sake don't worry, I walked to my home as it's just down the street.  Since this was the grand opening they also handed out a $10.00 gift card for your next visit.  I'll be back for round 2 soon!
3	The sushi rolls were average as well as the sashimi. Restaurant was cute and the waitress and manager were very attentive and friendly. Smelt eggs didn't taste well and informed the manager who had no problem returning it and taking it off our bill. We tried the red and white sake sangria that tasted good but not sure it's worth what they charge. We got a $10 gift card so may return to just use that. If they worked on the taste I think this place would see more customers.
5	Excellent sushi and amazing service! This is my new favorite sushi place. Had the black Widow roll and the dynamite...both are highly recommended.  By far the freshest I have tasted here in Vegas. Dinner specials are decently priced and plenty of food for two.
5	I've read the good reviews and we were looking to try a new spot near home on a Friday evening.  We had originally made reservations at Ichiza in Chinatown but realized that we had the $40 Groupon for Ohjah and changed our plans.The location is convenient but not one that we normally visit for good food.  We were pleasantly surprised when we walked in and found such a nicely designed restaurant.   We walked passed the main dining room and sushi bar, and we entered into a packed hibachi dining room.  The service was incredible.  Our group ordered some sushi for starters, the Filet Mignon with some shrimp for our hibachi entrees, and all the food was really good.The only real disappointment was the "show" aspect of the hibachi chef.  We've had better, but our guy wasn't bad.  He gave his best effort and our group was entertained.  It looked like there were other chefs who were more entertaining and engaged with their tables.  The food was great, the service was superb, and we will be back.  I think Ohjah is the best in town for teppenyaki, and based on the pack group in the dining room, I think others agree.
5	Great place! Came for my daughter's birthday. Table chef was great. He was funny and did all the normal tricks. Our drinks were always full, and the food was superb. Came with my wife, two boys, my daughter and her friend. Six people and the bill was still under $100. Got the steak and chicken combo. Like all hibachi places, they give you the dipping sauces, but ask for some of their salad dressing on the side. That is the best dipping sauce of them all.
5	Ok....my husband and I gave up on sushi places in Las Vegas over 6 months ago since we always left disappointed ( go figure...a San Diego and Hawaii Native, we're bound to be critical). I know it's a desert but c'mon, you can still get fresh stuff daily. ANYWAY... This place is absolutely amazing! Found it through a groupon!My husband got the Kamikaze Roll and Crunchy Roll and thought they were excellent!!!!I got their "modern style" sashimi (tuna with garlic chips, yellowtail with micro fries, salmon with truffle oil, Ono wrapped crab, albacore Cajun with wakame, and surf and turf steak and crab). The yellowtail, Ono, and tuna my favorites!!!! The salmon being the least favorite.Also had soft shell crab, very good as well!We even got a gift card for next time when leaving! Wow!Conclusion - excellent service, food, and environment!!!!! Even though we live on the east side, we're going back! A must go!
5	This place was great chefs were very friendly and everything they recommended.was sooo good . We had a groupon so.decided to bring daughter for her birthday tonight a little disappointed to.see no ayce but.well.worth it !!! And the tempura banana and icecream was AMAZING wed like to also give a compliment to the manger nassan (not sure spelling ) he went above and beyond his job to accommodate us were definitely making this our new spot  of
4	The filet mignon teriyaki & rice plate was really good! Same for the shrimp tempura appetizer.. The broccoli was yummy wish I could've gotten more lol.  You could definitely tell everything was fresh! I say at a regular table not hibachi. Only dislikes were they didn't have any shrimp tempura rolls.. They have some but no classic ones for those of us that don't like raw Fish .. Oh & the smell when we walked in wasn't to pleasing but the food definitely made me forget about it :) I'd also like to see them have the option of getting fried rice with the dinner plates like they have for the hibachi plates .* we also got a 10$ gift card for next time :) can't wait to go back & use it!!
5	first of all it is a lot bigger inside than it looks outside. nice decor and atmosphere. the wait staff arealways willing to accommodate your needs. The sushi chefs are very entertaining and knowlegable. They have a huge hibachi room with plenty of seating and short wait times. Ren was our server last night. She was amazing! We will back and request her... Now for pricing, they have average prices on rolls etc... but then they hsve specials and a "boat" of sushi,nigiri etc.. that is one hell of a deal! I highly recommend trying it and ask for Ren( I probably spelled it wrong)!
4	Went here on a friday night around 8pm.. We had our own table at the hibachi side. Our food came out quickly and everything tasted great. I recommend buying the groupon: $40 worth of food for only $20
4	I really liked this place, the ambiance and seating were really nice. the food was pretty good as well. There were some rolls that didn't really fit my taste, but the presentation was really, really nice. I loved the sashimi. Loved it. The Cajun tuna was really yummy!As far as I could read on the menu, they didn't offer AYCE, which made it really expensive for me, so if I hadn't had a coupon..other than that I really liked this place, it was cozy and inviting.
4	We tried the hibachi side of this resturant & Chef Andy was great! The basic hibachi was satisfying enough for me w/o the added meat options. $9 for soup, salad, stir fry veggies, fried rice or noodle & entertainment! Hubs had teryaki salmon which he loved but could have been bigger of course. Fun for kids too, be sure to purchase their Groupon.
3	Rude a** chef and waitress F this place I will never be back!!! Even the food was disappointing!!! I dont know how this place has 4 stars, probably made more then half of these review themselves!!!   Update - after all that bs I talked to the manager and he made me think about going back, he treated me an my family the way customers should be treated amazingly nice guy! Ill try it again after the 16th when the chef will leave to the other location!!
5	Been there twice now and both times the food and service were excellent! The Sushi quality is fantastic and the variety is very good. If you like wasabi ask for their fresh wasabi!
4	I bought a Groupon to this place about a month ago and got to use it with the b/f on a Thursday night after the gym.- Located in the same shopping plaza as Cost Plus, Aaron Bros., and Barnes & Noble, on Rainbow, between Lake Mead and Smoke Ranch.- From the time we walked in to the time we walked out, service was excellent.- We opted for the hibachi dinner.  Hing was our chef and we had him all to ourselves.  He was very entertaining and had some mad skills with the utensils, swirling and swinging them as well as making the food catch fire, in a good way.- I had the shrimp and chicken combo dinner, which came with soup (onion or miso) and a small salad to start.  - Brown rice is available!- 5 ounces of chicken and at least 4 ounces of shrimp for my dinner.  Mel got the filet mignon and salmon for his.- Vegetables included mushrooms, onions, carrots, and broccoli.- Everything was very tasty.- For his finale, Hing did that thing where he tries to catapult a piece of food into your open mouth.  For us, he took one of my shrimp, cut it into three pieces and flung one piece at the b/f.  Missed on the first try, made it on the second.  My turn:  missed and the shrimp piece landed in my napkin--I ate it.- Our dinner came to $52 minus the $40 Groupon = deal.  AND, they gave us a $10 gift card to use on the next visit!- The place is very nicely decorated and spotless.  Even the bathroom is elegant and pristine.- We agreed that we'd return; next time, we'll try the sushi, but it probably won't be as exciting on that side of the restaurant unless Hing has mad skills with nori.
5	The food, the ambience, and the service is amazing! We had been here once before, but we sat at a booth, so we felt like a second experience was needed before I wrote a review because we wanted to try something different this time around by sitting at the Hibachi tables. Just like the first experience, our second time here was just as amazing! Everyone is so friendly, our server was incredibly helpful by giving great suggestions and answering all of our questions, our chef was so entertaining, and the manager was very kind. We enjoyed the Hibachi table just as much as we enjoyed dining the first time we were here. We left happy and completely stuffed. We will definitely be back again! :)
5	Love this place! I always went to the one in south Las Vegas & was happy to see this one opening closer to my house. We LOVE their sushi boat. It's a perfect combination of rolls and sushi that a couple can share and walk out full. The owners seem to be there every time I go and I love that. Very good with customer service.
5	The only disappointment I have is that I did not come here sooner. I have not tried the steakhouse side but if it's anything like the bar side and the level of excellence as the sushi and appetizers I experienced at the bar I will not be disappointed especially with the friendly staff! The sashimi tasting combo was the best sashimi I've had requiring no soy sauce as it's flavor and aroma were a perfect match. I highly recommend this Japanese steakhouse!
5	All the positive reviews are right-on! We'll definitely be back!This was our first time at this restaurant and it's definitely a keeper! Our server was Ren, who was not only cute as a button, but she was also extremely personable...such a sweet personality with a great sense of humor! We had dinner with out-of-town guests and Ren made our dining experience even better with lots of laughter! Needless to say, I gave her an enormous tip! The food was very, very delish and tender and was well-presented on the plate. Very appetizing! We all had dessert which was awesome and huge! Next time we will share the dessert, since it's too much for one person - especially after consuming that nicely-portioned meal. We were all well satiated with our meal and Ren's enjoyable company. This place is our new treasure! Oh and by the way, their prices are reasonable and the ambiance very pleasing and attractive. Even their rest rooms were nice and clean! All I can say are good things about this place and their food servers!P.S. - We even noticed the sushi chef behind the counter engaging with his customers across the bar, which is something we had never seen before in previous Japanese sushi bars. Nice!
1	I also was a first time visitor using a Groupon.  I have to One-Star them because they refused to honor the Groupon.  I print Groupons the day I buy them as a physical, visual reminder to use them.  My day of purchase printed Groupon clearly stated on its face that it's expiration date was December 5.  I ate at the restaurant on December 5, and the management falsely claimed that the Groupon was expired. Beyond the manipulative dishonesty of the management, the food was very mediocre IMHO.  The chicken teriyaki was a frozen skinless boneless chicken breast like you would buy by the bag at costco or sams club, cooked barely long enough to no longer be raw, with no flavoring or seasoning whatsoever.  the vegetables were steamed but also with no flavoring or seasoning whatsoever.  The salmon teriyaki was the same story.  The yakisoba was 180 degrees the opposite direction, too much salty seasoning.  The decor is very nice, and the restaurant has a nice ambiance and vibe, but the mediocre food and bad Groupon experience left a bad taste in my mouth.  We won't be back.
4	We visited Ohjah on our Groupon mission and were pleasantly surprised with overall value and quality of the meal. We decided not to go with the hibachi grill as all members of the party has to opt for the grill.   However I am a sucker for the hibachi grill fried rice. I dont know it is - probably the child hood visits to Benihana and the buttery goodness seeping from the rice.  But Ohjah provides a more affordable experience of what you can get from Benihana.The fried rice was perfect with huge chunks of chicken, not over cooked.  We ordered the sashimi combo which came with 20 pieces.  This was such a bargain.  5 pieces of tuna, salmon, yellow tail, garlic tuna, and super white tuna.  The pieces were gigantic, fresh and for $23 was worth it.We'll be back for their hibachi.  There s no real big specialty items that i saw but overall everything was cooked to perfection and we were provided with great service - will be back to one of their many locations in vegas.
5	Just moved to the area. The hubby and I tried out this place. The food was delicious! The overall experience here was great, the staff was so attentive. We will definitely be regulars here!
4	Was pretty happy and surprised at the quality of the sushi in this strip mall sushi restaurant. The service was great and I hope they keep up the good work.
4	Second time this week. Great on the hibachi side and sushi is just as good. Happy that this location is near me because there isn't too many hibachi style restaurants in the Northwest side of Vegas. Will keep coming back!
5	I want to thank yelp for helping me find this place, the food here is great the service, the ambiance and the best of all is that I don't have to drive downtown, I recommend this place to everyone you wont be disappointed.
5	Thank you Yelpers! This place was Excellent with a capital E!  We made reservations for a party of 5 at a Hibachi table for my son's birthday. When we walked in we were greeted immediately. Everyone was so friendly and the ambience was great. We had an excellent chef! Totally can't remember his name! Regardless, we watched all the chefs and they all looked awesome. The food was even better! It was a little over a $100 for a party of five. Very reasonably priced. The whole Hibachi room sang happy birthday to my son and he got a complimentary dessert of fried bananas. We will definitely be back! Our kids said this is the best place they'd ever been!
1	With everything that people have wrote about this place, I had high expections.What was good about this place? Probably the ice tea and the crab rangoons that were complimentary because we had to wait an hour for our reservation that we made 3 days ago.First off, we were in a very large party that took up two of the hibachi grills. The waitress was already pissed because half of use didn't want hibachi, which isn't our fault because the birthday girl wanted hibachi style. This review is basically based off of service and a la carte. I ordered the spicy seafood+ a salmon roll and my boyfriend ordered the teriyaki chicken. Before I even get to how the food tasted, I need to add that I asked one of the managers?? In a blue button up for a spoon, just because, well, I wanted a spoon to get the sauce/soup of my spicy seafood. The guy looked at me, then looked at my food and gave me a disgusted look and asked why. He had the nerve to say, "I was wondering why you needed a spoon." I did not know I needed to explain myself as in why I needed a spoon in a first place??????? ANYWAYS, The spicy seafood was basically fake spicy mushroom 1/4 seafood. It literally tasted like just soy sauce/oyster sauce with sugar. It tasted better eating it with sriracha sauce. My boyfriends chicken teriyaki tasted so rubbery and the sauce tasted like the smell of cleaning chemicals for the bathroom. I don't know if it's because I'm Asian and like a lot of flavor or what it is because even my cousins Kalbi short ribs were lifeless and rubbery. My salmon roll was no big deal, the simplest dish... But.... The salmon just seemed warm and not fresh at all. I would definitely not recommend this place to anyone. The service was terrible. I don't know how many times we had to ask for drink refills. I guess for experience, you should try hibachi, but there are other places that would far more be worth it than this place. If it wasn't for the automatic gratuity, I don't even know how much I would even want to tip. After the first 5 minutes of sitting in the restaurant I was pissed. The only thing that saved this place from getting no stars, and the fact that you can't give 0 stars if you want to give a review, was the waitress named Ren. She was very nice.
1	TERRIBLE customer service. It took them an hour to get us seated even after we made a reservation three days ago, AND we had a big party of people. It took them forever to take our order even after they take an hour just to seat us. The food was alright although the chicken tasted like rubber. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.
1	Disappointed with service and food, food lacked flavor, and took forever to get a simple refill. Maybe I expected more for a place that serves hibachi style, to be honest not worth the price it's not expensive but for the price I could have eaten and so many other delicious places, such as goyemon, monta, hell even samurai sams was better. If you go there don't set you expectations high, from a person who is not a stranger to Asian cuisine I was just disappointed like I said
5	Love going here. Always nice, quick, and super tasty. Chefs are always smiling and coming up with new ideas to make it interesting for repeat guest.
5	I tried this place out yesterday for the first time with the hubby for his birthday and it was so worth it! We were seated in the corner which was perfect for a little privacy and we enjoyed the dimly lit atmosphere.Food/drinks we ordered:1. Tropical cloud cocktail - (citrus sake mixed with a mango puree) this drink was enjoyable with the dinner, it doesn't overpower your palate, and it was a refreshing, fruity treat.2. Strawberry with boba - the smoothie was amazing and the boba was cooked to perfection! It was lychee flavored boba too, yum!3. Kani nachos - (stir fried spicy crab topped with fresh avocado on top of fried wontons) WOW! Tried these bad boys out for our appetizer and holy hell were they amazing from the very first bite!! The only warning I have about this appetizer was that the crab was bunched up like a ball of spaghetti noodles and they were hard to bite through, I used my chopsticks to break it up lol. Other than that, it is a MUST TRY!4. Ohjah boat - (sushi boat with your choice of 3 special rolls, 10 pieces of nigiri, 12 pieces of sashimi, and a bowl of seaweed salad) The nigiri and sashimi were chef's choices, but we got to choose our own rolls.*Dragon roll - (crab, cucumber, and shrimp tempura roll topped with eel (plus sauce) and avocado)*Spiderman roll - (soft shell crab & crab salad roll topped with with eel (plus sauce) and crunch)*Dynamite roll - (salmon, tuna, yellowtail, and avocado roll deep fried topped with spicy mayo sauce)EVERYTHING ABOUT THIS BOAT WAS AMAZINGGG!!! Our waitress offered dessert, but we politely declined, we were way too stuffed with all of the goodness! Each bite was consistent and kept getting better! This will definitely be our go-to spot from now on.
5	Tonight I went really late to grab some dinner for one. Normally most hibachi places wont let you get hibachi unless you have 2 or more ppl but this was probably the best service I have had here yet. I met the manager Nathan who was super polite and a pleasure to talk to. The chef was really nice and talkative. This is one place I love going back to over and over.
5	Came here with the family and we had a great time. The services was fast and the food was outstanding. We plan on returning soon and to try other items on the menu.
5	Great value, friendly service and awesome sushi.  They offer special sushi rolls for $24 and they were really good makis. Calamari tempura was good too and they make poki to order.  This is a great find.
5	I highly recommend this Japanese restaurant.  The fillet mignon is outstanding & the service is exceptional.  The quality of meat is worth every penny.We request the server LUIS, he always goes above and beyond. The manager NATHAN always checks in on us to make sure everything is great.I was also reluctant to go in and dine, because the outside of the restaurant looks like a typical diner styled design, but the inside is decorated new/modern. The interior is also extremely clean.My family & I plan to try the Hibachi grill next.
4	This is where we celebrated Valentine's Day, as hubby wanted to eat here again after our great experience before.He had the teriyaki filet mignon and I chose the seafood tempura. His meat was so very tender and delish, but sad to say that my tempura was a disappointment. Although freshly made and crispy, the dough was too thick for my liking and I had to discard about 75% of the dough from each morsel of seafood. I was expecting a light, airy tempura batter, so my choice was regrettable.We also had the gyoza, California roll, and the tuna poke. Everything was just great, but I have to say that the poke was cut up into tiny, tiny pieces (pea-size, literally) and did not make for a very satisfying consumption of poke -- not to mention how scant the serving was in comparison to its high price.Oh well, now we know better what NOT to order.
5	This place was amazing. Don't get sucked into the "it's better on the strip" attitude. Had the Kobe beef and it was a lot cheaper than anywhere else.
5	Amazing customer service combined with outstanding food makes us come back here! I brought my family here from Canada and they loved everything about this restaurant. The staff is very friendly, the food comes out all in perfect time,  and the quality and taste is fabulous! Tonight my boyfriend and I enjoyed another supper and I had to write this review based on the consistency of my chosen star level...if there was a 10 rating I would of choose it!
5	this place is beautiful.  we've been to the flamingo liction, as well. they are both great. so many choices! sushi bar, bar, restaurant or hibachi!
5	Had the live lobster live abalone aji sashimi ,app chicken yakitory n" fried wonton so yummy everything was good service always on point very good!!!chef Johnny is very good skill  chef ask for him he will take care of you very well
4	Went here with friends while visiting Vegas. It was sooooo good!  The hibachi and sushi was delicious. The only reason I am rating 4 stars is because I really wanted a boba smoothie - and they ran out so I wasn't able to get one. Other than that would definitely recommend!
5	Ohjah, OH YAH! The waitress was so friendly and provided great service and recommendations.  We ended up getting the Ohjah boat which was a little of everything on the sushi menu.  The presentation was stunning and the food was fresh and delicious. I will definitely be back!
4	Had an early dinner at Ohjah and it was great. Service was on target and the food tasty. Our server was very nice and checked on us consistent.  Our drinks never hit the bottom. We sat at the table area and ordered the 3 roll special with appetizers.  Food came out fast and the rolls were tasty and presentation flawless. Gonna try the hibachi area on the next visit.  Didn't have any dessert cause was too full.
5	Its so rare to find a place that has excellent food and service. Ohjah is one of those rare gems. The prices are decent, the service is top notch, and the food is awesome. Everything we have had here has been great. From appitizers, sushi, entrees, and hibachi this has become our favorite Japaneese resteraunt in Vegas hands down!
5	Of course im sitting in another sushi place wishing I was here !!!I wish you guys would do extended hours !!! After all IT IS VEGAS !!! THE STAFF HERE and can't eat any sushi joint in town without comparing to YOU GUYS!!!! YOUR SUSHI HAS DEFINITELY LEFT A MARK IN OUR TUMMY!!!!
5	AMAZING. I had one of the best dining experiences with my family. The service was quick and on point. All the food from chicken to filet mignon to scallops to shrimp was fantastic. Our chef was very funny and made it fun for everyone around the grill. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone, and once again you can always rely on YELP to find amazing places like this one.
5	I've been going to Ohjah for nearly two years now, and I'm glad they opened a location closer to me. The food here is incredible. The "Gentleman's Club" roll is to die for. Everything I've ever ordered has been delicious. The sushi is fresh and good quality fish, some of the best I've had in town! The hibachi is great too.
5	Very clean. Great sushi. Good service. I went on Mother's Day and they gave me a ten dollar gift card for my next visit it was pretty awesome. Crunch roll is my favorite.
5	This place is beautiful, a must try for hibachi loversI haven't tried the sushi here yet, but the hibachi here is amazing. The chefs are friendly and do a great performance, and communicate with customers very well. It's a blast coming here, I have more fun here then I do at some entertainment shows on the strip. The overall design of the place is great, when you first walk in it's the normal restaurant, and a whole separate room for the hibachi. The colors are dark but not depressing, and it's an overall romantic ambiance that's perfect for evening dinners.Pricing is a-ok here compared to other places, if not cheaper. The service is very attentive and polite.The food is great, I usually just get extra vegetables with mine (which are cooked just right), but my friends had the salmon, beef, and scallops and claim they are delicious as well.
5	Food was delicious. Our party had a great time and the hibachi chef was the most entertaining, especially with children. The location is right near a movie theatre and parking was available. We were seated right away and the decor was beautiful!
5	Went to this place for Mother's Day and it was great! our chef was really friendly and interactive, the good was great and our server was very nice! really nice atmosphere. they even have all the women 10 dollar gift cards! it was very sweet and I am definitely coming back again!
5	My family ate at Ohjah last night and it was AMAZING! We did the hibachi, with three kids, and our chef managed to keep them entertained enough for us to enjoy our meal. The waitress combined our orders to give us the best deal, when we didn't even see that as an option. We ordered a little bit of everything. The NY steak was tender and cooked perfectly. The scallops were amazing. My son had the shrimp, and of course the chef threw them into his mouth, which he found hilarious. The chef offered suggestions of sauces, and gave us extra because he thought it went well with the rice. The price was very reasonable. We fed a family of 5 for under $100. We were very impressed with the restaurant; the ambiance, the staff, & the value. We felt welcome, and we will be returning. Actually my kids have already started asking when we will be going back.
5	Wonderful food and service! Highly recommend!
5	Yan and Luis are the best servers here! Everything was amazing! Will definitely be coming back in the near future! Make sure you ask for them when you come in! You won't be disappointed.
5	I love this location!  This restaurant is clean and was beautiful!  Our chef was entertaining to the entire family.  The kids enjoyed his pranks.  The food was delicious!  Our experience here was fantastic.  We invited our cousin to join us for dinner and he never ate at a Hibachi style restaurant before.  He loved it!  The price for the food, quality, and taste of the food is excellent!  This is a place you must try!!
5	Hibachi food was delicious and very reasonably priced! They deserve five stars for the service alone! Very attentive to their customers! Will be back to try the sushi soon!
5	Went here tonight for my husband's birthday and had an entire hibachi table to ourselves with Nick as our chef.  It was very good and a much better choice than Geisha house (which is where we tried to go however they had no AC).  Will definitely check it out again.  Not busy on weeknights.. kind of a bad location.
4	My boyfriend and I have been here a few times now, and we always leave quite satisfied. The fish quality is great, and they have great dinner specials. I mean, 3 specialty rolls for $25.00 is a phenomenal deal! The service is always pleasant, and the restaurant ambiance is relaxing. If you are looking for good sushi at great prices, I recommend Ohjah.
5	Love this place!!!!First time I came was for my birthday in 2014, and we went I to eat from the Hibachi grill.  I liked it then, but..........Then I had the sushi!I am thrilled each time I go!   The host knows me, the servers know me, and the sushi chefs are fabulous!   I feel like NORM from cheers each time I go and I love it!   Of course, the sushi is amazing too!  The different spin on sashimi is great!  The rolls are great too!  So happy every time I go!Oh, and if you haven't tried the sake sangria, I highly recommend it!  Love the red.  They'll even let you sample it to make sure!Thanks ohjah!!!!  See you soon!!!!!
5	Very innovative, fresh and yummy! The preparations are more than pretty; it is an art. Viewing them satisfied my appetite :DChef Jonny's expertise is really impressive. All sashimi dishes are amazing. I would recommend cucumber wrap with halibut, spring leaves wrapped with marinated tuna, micro French fries (Angel hair) wrapped with yellow tail, surf and turf (blue crab wrapped with thin sliced NY steak) , Ono (king crab meat wrapped with super white tuna) and salmon sashimi in Truffle oil. The list goes on.. The place is a must for sushi lovers. My hubby took me there I will definitely go back again !
5	Very innovative, fresh and yummy! The preparations are more than pretty; it is an art. Viewing them satisfied  my appetite :D. Chef honny's expertise is really impressive. All sashimi dishes are amazing. I would recommend halibut sashimi: cucumber wrapped with halibut and lemon sauce.Tuna sashimi; spring leaf wrapped with marinated tuna and garlic chip sauce, yellowtail sashimi: micr french fried (angel hair) wrapped with yellowtail and ninja sauce. Surf and turf: blue crab wrapped with thin sliced NY steak and ponzu sauce Ono: king crab meat wrapped with super white tuna and salmon sashimi: salmon  with truffle oil. The list goes on... The place is a must for sushi lovers. My hubby took me there i will definitely go back again!
5	My friend recommended me this restaurant and I'm glad he did! This place is beautiful with good food and good service. I would definitely recommend to try the hibachi. I will go back and become a regular customer!
4	What can i say i'm a sucker for hibachi, I had the opportunity to try several hibachi restaurants around town and this one is a pretty good one. When you walk in you do not have to wait very long. The service is great, the entertainment is awesome and the prices are even better! For less than 20 bucks you can get soup, salad, vegetables, rice and your main entree (just chicken for only $15!). I would recommend the filet mignon and maybe the scallops. This is probably one of the only places where you can have the option to pick fried noodles or fried rice.
5	My girlfriend and I ate here this past weekend and I must say it was delicious! I'm a very picky eater and even I enjoyed the offerings here. I had the New York Strip steak and my girlfriend had the chicken. Both are recommended.
5	We love going here at least once a week.  Sushi chief Johnny is amazing.  The manager and staff treat us like old friends.  The sushi is so fresh.  Love the sexy geisha roll, French Kiss, Cowboy, blue diamond..oh I cant decide which is best!
5	The neighborhood is kind of sketchy. So we went early no wait. SUSHI was Outstanding X2. Sushi chefs are professional with modern style, the old classics as well... Green tea cheesecake nice!  We will return for sure.... The secret code word is FRESH... My favorite OHJAH sushi bar crushes the one on Flamingo.... I approve this message JK KUHL...
5	Great as usual. Be sure to get their salad dressing as a dipping sauce for the meats. Other hibachi places call it their 'yumyum' sauce. It's great on everything, except salads.
4	Before moving to Vegas I used to frequent a different Japanese restaurant but this one is quite a nice replacement! Our hibachi chef was so entertaining and made our date night dining experience so fun! Everything was cooked perfectly. I especially loved our japanese lasagna rolls! I could definitely be a regular here! The reason why I gave it only 4 stars is bc they don't serve shrimp sauce regularly.
5	I am so glad my husband found this place! The waiter was so friendly and helpful! He convinced my husband to try something new which is a first!!! The chef was so nice and very very funny! It definitely gives dinner and a show a whole new meaning!!! We will being coming back every time we are in Vegas together!!! They deserve 2 thumbs up and if I had more thumbs I'd put them up too!
5	This place is amazing! It's clean, the staff are nice and helpful. The food is hit and tastes delicious. I definitely recommend this place. And the prices won't break the bank either. It has an authentic Japanese feel with Japanese liqueur.
5	Wonderful dinner date!  We pulled into the parking lot to actually eat at a different restaurant but noticed this little spot and wanted to check it out.  Walked in and was greeted by a friendly host who was happy to let us look over the menu before we sat down.  As we are looking over the menu a couple is walking out smiling and laughing. Looked at us and mentioned how great all the food was and told us we should sit at the sushi bar.  We ended up wanting to try the hibachi grill so we sat down and the waiter was quick to get our drink order.  We ended up ordering a three choice meal.  I had shrimp, scallops and New York steak while my other half ordered chicken and two orders of steak.  While we were waiting we ended up ordering two large beers (only cost $2/beer!).  Our meals included soup and salad that were delicious.  Also ordered some garlic edamame that was almost as good as "RA sushi" (one of our favorite places to get edamame). After eating out steaks and seafood we were more than satisfied with the dinner and service. I would recommend this place for a nice night out.  I'm am looking forward to coming back and trying their sushi!  Also... One of the cleanest restaurants I've been to.
4	It's been more than six months that I have eaten at Ohjah. The first time was at the Flamingo location which the food was awesome. Well I'm back in Vegas and was happy to find out that there was an Ohjah near my hotel. I visited them in hopes that they would be just as good as the other location. I was not disappointed. The sushi was delicious. I am knocking off 1 star due to the waiter not coming by once to ask how my meal was or if I wanted more water. I had to ask for more water when he came to take away the plates. Other than that, you can not go wrong eating here.
5	Ohjah has the best sushi. It's always fresh. I have been going here a couple times a month for about 8 months and they have never disappointed me. I haven't tried the hibachi yet but I will post an update once I do. The service is awesome. I recommend the special rolls combo it's only $25 for three rolls and they have a pretty wide selection.
5	My new favorite sushi place! Did Teppan-Yaki and we loved it! Great food and even better service. Ask for Johnny at the sushi bar. He's funny and he'll make awesome creative rolls for you that aren't on the menu.
5	We love Hibatchi/Teppanyaki table side cooking, but we had a mediocre experience at one about a year ago and just hadn't gone in awhile.While shopping, we found Ohjah near Lake Meade/95 and decided to give it a try. We've now been there three times in the last few months. Each experience was different, but they were all fun. I'd say that if you want to really have a fun/lively time, try this place and make sure engage the chefs.
5	4.5-5 STAR.Ohjah should set up shop in the Bay Area, because we always have to fly back to Vegas when we miss this Japanese hibachi and sit-down restaurant. It's 10x better than Benihana, the ambience is terrific, and it's way more affordable as well. We first found Ohjah back in 2010 when we lived in the Southwest part of town. There is a location off of Blue Diamond and Decatur. This location that I am doing a review for is the one on Lake Mead and Rainbow. Both locations are terrific! We definitely go for the hibachi side of the restaurant, although we have tried the normal restaurant menu, which is also amazing. On the hibachi side, the first thing you will notice is that the prices are extremely reasonable. The hibachi basic entree is $8.95 and comes with soup, salad, vegetables, and choice of rice (white or fried rice). You then get to choose the entree you want with it:* Chicken (5 oz) for $5.95* Sukiyaki Beef (5 oz) for $6.45* New York Steak (5 oz) for $7.25* Filet Mignon (5 oz) for $8.55* Kobe Beef (8 oz) for $48.95* Shrimp Teppanyaki (3 oz) for $6.75* Salmon Teriyaki (4 oz) for $6.75* Scallop Teriyaki (5 oz) for $8.55* Sole Fish Teriyaki (8 oz) for $7.95* Calamari (7 oz) for $6.75* Lobster Tail Teriyaki (6 oz) for $16.95There is a special that you can get where you can get 3 entrees (excluding kobe beef, halibut, lobster tail, and live seafood) for about $30.95 per person. You save about $4-5 by doing this as opposed to ordering each separately. I always recommend getting the following items: filet mignon, scallop teriyaki, and sole fish teriyaki. The chicken can be hit or miss - sometimes they overcook it. But I recommend getting the filet mignon with a medium rare cooking. It is spectacular - the meat is extremely tender. When we were at Ohjah recently, I got this special combo, and you can get TWO orders of filet mignon and the scallop teriyaki (which comes out to about $35 total). Then, my wife just ordered the chicken and we shared everything. That's how we strategized there. :)Anyway, you don't HAVE to do hibachi, but it's what I definitely recommend if you go to Ohjah. In the normal restaurant, they have a full sushi bar and full sushi menu (nigiri, sashimi and rolls galore). They also serve sukiyaki (amazing), dinner plates for the traditional chicken/beef teriyaki, yakisoba, and udon. It's an unreal menu. This place blows Benihana out of the water - no joke. I wish they set up shop in San Jose. The next time we go to Ohjah, I will personally ask them to open a franchise closer to me.
4	In general, I'm not a huge hibachi fan. Of the few places we've tried, the quality of food and level of service just doesn't justify the price. Our last venture to Geisha House (which is terrible in my opinion) a while back had turned me off on seeking out other similar restaurants. But when some friends invited us out to Ohjah on two separate occasions, I think I may have had a slight change of heart.This Ohjah location, which is one of three in town, is located on Rainbow & Lake Mead directly across from the Best In The West shopping center. Inside, you'll find a very typical hibachi setup. Aside from an area with booths for those who want to do maybe just sushi only, there's an entirely separate room setup exclusively for hibachi. It's basic, but it's nice, and they keep it extremely clean.The menu here is quite extensive. Besides the hibachi dinners, they have offer a ton of different stuff. They've got everything from entrees and bowls, to a long list of rolls and other sushi types, even a handful of Thai dishes. I was to surprised to see they even offer boba drinks as well.If you are going for hibachi though, they do require that everyone in your party order from that menu. The basic setup is about $9, but includes a soup of your choice, salad and then grilled veggies and your choice of noodles, or one of a few different rice styles. Meat add ons run anywhere from just over $6 for chicken, all the way up to nearly $50 for Kobe beef. You're also able to mix and match if you want multiple items, or to add on seafood, like salmon, scallops, lobster, shrimp, etc. It's basically limitless and there's options for really anyone. I've now tried their chicken, steak and scallops alongside fried rice. The rice was cooked very well, but I'm not a fan of the way they serve everything. First you get rice, then veggies, and then finally your meet. The rice and veggies are bound to start getting cold before the meat comes, but it is what it is. All the add-ons I tried have been fairly decent with the scallops surprisingly being my favorite. They were seared well, and not overdone. Both the chicken and steak were just above average, but nothing that stands out as excellent.I also have ordered a couple different types of nigiri and have been mostly unimpressed. The garlic tuna was way overpowered and the hamachi didn't appear to be very fresh. They aren't bad for the price though, and I have to give the chef credit for putting together a special avocado nigiri for the misses who hates seafood. Of course, with hibachi, it's all about the chef and the experience. We've had Tony & Nick, who are both excellent! They are very interactive and do some really clever things while they work. I love that they get the youngins involved in the fun too. It's much appreciated and so fun to watch. And I mean c'mon, how can you not have fun while trying to catch flying shrimp with your mouth?  The servers are also very friendly, and really stay on top of everything. Glasses barely get half full before someones there to refill, and they just downright do a good job. It can get pricey here quickly, but Ohjah is a solid 3.5 stars when it comes to the food. With excellent service and a memorable experience though, I'm rounding it up to a 4. They're definitely worth checking out!
