4	Mmmm... classic Greek diner - try the Challah French toast!!!  Very very tasty.  The chicken souvlaki platter was pretty good (I'm a big fan in general of chicken souvlaki).  The coffee is decent, too, and they are always there to refill it.   When you walk in the front door, you will be greeted by the dessert case.  They look so so amazing - mile high chocolate cake, frosted brownies, cheesecake galore!!  I have always been too stuffed to order any dessert... but one of these days I will!  They look too good not to be, so I am going to trust my gut and recommend them on appearances alone!
3	The Landmark is a good place to get anything you want 24 hours a day- this menu is seriously about 12 pages long, so if you can't find what you want then you are too picky.  I used to hit this place late night a lot in highschool, and while the food is good, more than once I tried to go and they were closed because a crime had occured inside.  Great for people watching if you like to like the possibility of a little danger in your evening.
4	When it's after midnight, and I'm looking for something to eat, I find myself drawn to the Landmark like a moth to flame. The place is grubby in the way that only a 24 hour diner can accomplish, but it's a grubby I've come to love.The staff is friendly when it's not too busy, and you can expect them to want to chat. The menu is giant...it's like 2 feet tall and 15 pages long. You can get breakfast at midnight or have dinner at 6 a.m. The dinner and lunch entrees vary from Greek and Italian home-style specialties to classic American diner grub (burgers, steaks, fries, etc.)Since I do the vegetarian thing, my favorites are the breakfast items and the Spanakopita. The Spanakopita dish comes with a lovely Greek side salad. I also like their stuffed grape leaves, even though I'm pretty sure that they came out of a jar. Their cakes and pies are a little prettier than they are delicious, but really, even a pie that isn't perfect is still a delicious pie...You just can't go wrong with cake and sugary frosting. I tend to forgo the desserts, however, to save more room inside my guts for dinner.
3	I gets strange here after about one o' clock and there is nothing wrong with that.  All sorts of folks come here for late night grub.  I thought the prices were too much, I would rather go to San Remo's next door; the service is better and much quicker.  A lot of times you have to wait for a seat at Landmark, even at this late hour.  The people watching is pretty good, I saw a group of what appeared to be S&M performers, one was fitted with a belt made of AK-47 bullets, creative!  They do have a humongous menu, but they don't have egg and cheese biscuits, that is a no-no.  I guess it is kind of grungy here, but I feel like it is a lot more upscale than most late-night diners.
3	San Remo is sandwiched right next to the Landmark (literally, they are probably separated by a few inches).  While they are about the same to get into, San Remo is a whole lot easier to park at and get out of because of a much larger lot (Landmark shares a tiny lot with several other stores).  The menu at San Remo is also a lot smaller than that at the Landmark, but the quality of the food is pretty similar.While you have a couple pages at San Remo, the menu at the Landmark is massive - it's just huge, and you can select all sorts of things from that menu, and that includes breakfast.  No simple menu here.  If Gordon Ramsay were to come in to clean up the place, he would have a field day on it.Unlike the San Remo next door, the place is well-lit at all hours (literally all hours), and you can find any sort of person there, so it's just as much about the people-watching as it is about the food.  But the quality of the food is just about as good as it is next door - you just have a larger selection.  So if that bothers you, go next door and you'll have an easier time picking something out, and a simpler job parking to boot.
2	Yes the menu is about 12 pages long and is probably as long in height as a newspaper when unfolded.So our chances of getting at least one good thing on that menu appeared to be in our favor.WRONG. The first time I was with a friend. We shared stuffed mushrooms and thought, please don't let this be a prelude to our meal. Not so good.Nor was the tasteless huge slices of bread they bring.Was it stale?I went for the Gyro.Figured Diner = Greek food, so, Gyro = Winner. Yeah, I figured wrong. The gyro at Showmars is wayyy better.The real kicker was the broiled seafood platter. Yes, I warned her, Don't order that .Until you know what the quality of a diner is ,everyone knows, stick to the basics.Well after that awful dish,we learned quickly "the quality" of this diner.Let's just say I'm not the type of person to say "I told ya so"Should I even comment about the service?Maybe not.It might be a good idea to offer drinks in two sizes.I know myself, I have  a big thirst but the size of the glass to serve a beverage in was puny.I took like one sip, it was gone.Even my female friend was looking at her empty glass in three sips and trying to get refills was a joke.The best part of the meal was actually not even our meal itself. It was the visual of the dessert case when we walked in that started to make us instantly salivate which tasted delicious in our mind.Who knows maybe we just ordered the wrong things,but if we decide to give it another go, It will be for breakfast.Diner = Breakfast, So, AHHHHH this theory is shot.
4	Yet another gem I have discovered as I eat my way through my new neighborhood!  My bf and I went here on a Friday night at about 1 am, after a little bit of drinking because we were starving.  The first thing I noticed, the beautiful dessert case that lures you in as soon as you step in the door.  So many cakes, pies, brownies, cheesecake....agggghhhhh.  So tempting!  The next standout is by far the gigantic, atlas-sized menu that has about anything you could possibly want on it.  We eliminated certain pages that we knew we didn't want and narrowed it down from there.  It's definitely a daunting task!  I went with 3 cheese mannicotti and my bf had roast turkey with gravy, stuffing, and cranberry sauce.  The portions were HUGE!!!  And very reasonably priced.  The food came out really fast and while it was not the best mannicotti I've ever had, it was damn tasty and the tomato sauce was right on.  The best part about my meal, however, was by far the pineapple coconut cake I had for dessert.  Oh My God....I cannot tell you how yummy this slice of sugary heaven was.  Light and airy, with layers of pineapple filling.....mmmmmmmm.  Bf had strawberry cheesecake and it was not good.  It was too thick and the strawberries had no flavor.....my suggestion, eat the cake!
3	Every city has a number of diners, some more than others. Everyone living in that city swears loyalty to one of those diners-- whether because their family has always gone there, or there's a favorite menu item, or its in the right spot. This is my diner, and let me tell you why:Awesome crowd. Church goers, large families, little old ladies, yuppies, hipsters-- everyone eats here. The time you go has some bearing on who you'll see, but I've seen a gramma in her sunday best chowing down on a stack of pancakes at 1 am, as well as a group of biker-dudes grabbing some early breakfast on a saturday. Very entertaining.Huge menu. An essential for an awesome diner is having pages and pages of ameri-greek specials mixed with stand-by burgers, omelettes, fries, salad platters, short stacks. Landmark has it all.Hours. Anytime you want a waffle, you can find one here. Always open, always politely staffed, and with an early-bird menu that takes an extra dollar off their already reasonably priced breakfast specials (my go-to is the Garden-- tons of veggies in a three-egg omelette, grits, biscuit or toast for $5.95), there's no reason for me to go anywhere else. Nothing here is blow-you-away. But that isn't what diners are for. I come here because its comfy, the staff is terrific, the food is consistent and cheap, and I know I'll get exactly what I came for: a quick, cheap, decent meal.Note: rumor has it they're "experimenting" with a house veggie burger (none on the menu yet). Might just bump 'em up a star once they start serving it, since the only issue I ever have is the small selection of veggie-friendly options in that massive menu.
4	This place is everything a diner should be!  The food is good.  The service is prompt and friendly.  The prices are quite reasonable.  The portions will not leave you hungry.  I am looking forward to my next visit!
4	I love the Landmark! Delicious food made the right way. Unlike the stereotypical diner, this location appears to have lots of different people, it does not cater to a certain type, it caters to everyone. The Italian foods are good and nobody I know has left incredibly unhappy ever. The service is good and the deserts taste great. The prices are average for what you get, and the decor is typical semi-outdated diner colored blah. In conclusion, a good, average restaurant if you want a quick and easy eating experience.
2	A diner should be able to consitently make your eggs the right way,  this place just cant seem to get it right,  ITS CALLED over medium people its not that hard.  I rather frequent Liberty east or the Big view
5	Landmark was recently featured on the Food Network and for good reason.  Where do I begin?  Ok, maybe with the breakfast.  They serve breakfast all day (they close at 1 or 2 AM).  Homemade pancakes that cover the plate, French Toast using homemade bread, sausage, grits, and the works for around $6.The gyros are out of this world.  No pre-frozen cheesteak on a pita.  The gyros is filled (I mean filled) with lamb, beef, and homemade tzitki sauce.  They serve it with greek salad and the dressing?  Yep, you guessed it, homemade Greek dressing!The waiters and waitresses are a friendly bunch.  I went at night and was served by lady in her 60's with a beehive, very funny and warm.  The desserts look amazing, but the portions are so big that I never get to them.  A great place to take visitors and necessary pilgrimage if you have a big appetite for Greek, southern, and/or breakfast food.  I guarantee you'll love it.
5	I had the raspberry cheesecake for dessert yesterday.  Wow!!!  Good stuff.  My mom had the baklava-very nutty if you like baklava. It was like eating desserts on steroids!
5	I am here about once a week.   Where do you get the coffee?  It's amazing!  The food has always been hot and the staff has been friendly and prompt.  You are like an oasis in that little section of Central! THANK YOU!
2	My daughter told me about seeing Landmark featured on Guy Fieri's show, so we went to try it out on a Saturday (late breakfast/early lunch). I have to admit, I'm really not sure what the hype was about, food-wise.  Hubby ordered a breakfast combo plate (bacon, eggs, biscuit, grits) and I ordered an omelet with home fries and a biscuit.First thing's first....NOBODY in the South serves breakfast grits on a plate. Where was the bowl?  Grits grits everywhere, because these grits were on the soupy side. I'm not sure who forgot about my home fries on the griddle, but I spent more time picking out over-cooked, hard, crusty, un-edible potato pieces out of my food than time spent actually eating the potatoes.  I think whomever was cooking my home fries also cooked my omelet because it was way past well-done too.Our waitress was fabulous....super friendly, kept our drinks full, spent time with us when we first sat down (since it was our first visit), and was really genuine. :)Maybe a better experience would have been had if I had dived head-first into the monstrous dessert display case up front.  Needless to say I gained weight just looking at them.Seating and wheelchair accessibility was *almost* too cramped, but for being there around noon on a Saturday it was tolerable.
4	One of my favorite breakfast spots....  Usually hit up Landmark on the weekends with a buddy and it's pretty packed.  You got your regulars and then the crowd ever since the diner got highlighted on the Food Network.The outside of the building is not much to look at, but it's what's inside that counts!  Parking can be an issue if the diner is really busy, but you can usually find a space pretty quick since their turnover is fairly fast.My friend and I have our favorite waitresses and it's always exciting to figure out who's section we are sitting in.  Overall, all the wait staff is friendly and quick.  Each have their own personalities and it definitely adds to the charm of the diner.The only thing I have not tried here is their desserts which are in a nice display case right when you get into the restaurant.French toast on Challah Bread is awesome!  One of my favorite things to get for lunch (if I'm not feeling it for breakfast) is the Reuben.
3	I went to Landmark the other day and it was enjoyable.  It is a diner type place and there is a wide array of food to choose from.  I got an omelet and was satisfied.  I don't drink coffee but my friend does and he mentioned that it was surprisingly very good.  Portions are large, price is excellent, and service is good.  I think I need to go back and try some of the more sugary selections to experience all there is to experience at Landmark.
4	This place was phenomenal! The price you pay for this place and the amount of food you receive is unbelievable!I ordered the Italian Tour and received about 4 pounds of food! It was delicious. It was a combination of Alfredo Pasta, Chicken Parmesan and Baked Spaghetti! Wow is all I can say!The service was so-so but the food definitely makes up for that!The Spanikopita was authentic and tasted delicious!Overall a pleasing experience! I recommend!
3	I originally gave Landmark two stars, but for the good ambiance and service, I bumped it to 3. This is the first of hopefully many 24-hour (or at least, extended-hour) restaurant reviews I want to write, and I'm actually saddened not to be able to give this place a better review because I had such high expectations. But, alas, I must.  I wanted to have a little celebration tonight, and since drinking is a no-no for me these days, the next best thing, of course, is pie.  Having heard great things about Landmark's deserts, I made a date to meet up at 9pm and check them out for myself. The decor of Landmark is nice and cozy, and it is heartening to see all the hustle and bustle inside this restaurant on such a desolate area of Central Ave. When you walk in, you are immediately struck by the incredible dessert case. We sat down and ordered decaf and our waiter told us that he would brew us up a fresh pot.  Very nice.  We then got to the ordering--once piece of banana cream pie and one hot cherry pie a la mode. The pie slices came out quickly and looked incredible, but unfortunately, looks can be deceiving.  The banana cream pie was loaded with a cool-whip type topping, not the real whipped cream that I think truly makes a banana cream pie.  The pie filling itself seemed to have a lot of that cool-whip filling in it as well and very few bananas, which just didn't work. While the cherry pie was sufficiently warm and the ice cream acceptably cold, I wasn't impressed by the pie crust--it just seemed a little dense and cake-like. The deserts WERE huge, but I think they ultimately had a  size over substance problem.  I didn't order any "real" food, so I can't speak to that, but, in all, I'd have to say the pie slices we ordered were a disappointment.
3	We wanted to grab a quick bite to eat, so headed to The Landmark Diner on Central Ave. We could tell from the parking lot that they were packed, but decided to give it a try. When the hostess told us it would be 15 minutes, she saw a look pass between us that said we didn't want to stay. We were about to leave, when a host said he had a small table in the bar, if we didn't mind. We didn't mind at all, as we were hungry and would have say anywhere. I ordered the Onion soup and my husband had the Ruben sandwich. The Onion Soup is THE BEST I have had in Charlotte! It comes in a nice big crock and is dripping with melted cheese; no skimping here. YUMMY. I also ordered some sides of vegetables, and they could have used some seasoning. They were OK, but that's it. The manager came out with some fried squash and offered it to us. We were seated right next to the kitchen, so I guess they had an extra one and he felt bad for the poor location. It was nicely fried squash and was salted perfectly. My husband enjoyed his sandwich, but he gobbled up the squash. As usual, we were too full for dessert. Although they look great, we never have enough room for them.
4	If Taxi Driver were set in Charlotte, I guess Travis Bickle would have asked Betsy to the Landmark for pie and coffee.Once you're inside the Landmark, you could be in Queens or Chicago.  It's a timeless, placeless type of restaurant.  that's kind of the beauty of it.The desserts steal the show from the moment you walk in.  All those giant cream pies and cakes, baklava, hamentashen, etc.  I got some banana cream pie and loved it.  It was so rich, however, that I had to abandon the last few bites.The non-dessert offerings are nearly endless.  You can get breakfast any time, as well.And the icing on the cake, so to speak, is that they're open way late, a feature that other places in the Queen City are finally waking up to.
5	I have to give Landmark 5 stars because, while I've only ever been here for breakfast, it's consistently delicious & quick and I've still never had better french toast in my life (their Jumbo Challah French Toast).  My friend who grew up in Charlotte talked me into going late late one night to try the french toast after I first moved here, and it didn't disappoint.  I am always disappointed when I take people here and they decide to get something else.  Everyone should be enlightened to it's yumminess.  On another hand, my parents have been to visit me on numerous occasions over the past few years and always insist on going to Landmark for breakfast as they have been disappointed every time I've tried taking them somewhere else.
4	If I didn't know any better, I thought I was back in New Jersey on Route 23. This is a great diner - good food, breakfast all day, big menu with all kinds of selections and a huge glass case with unbelievable desserts. The apple turnovers were HUGE!!! Did I say the deserts were awesome - just like a NY/NJ bakery/diner!!! The challah French toast was the bomb. And seriously - save room for a dessert. They are all amazing.
3	Um, well, wow, everything is giant-sized here! Maybe its just culture shock after spending the last year in Japan and coming back on vacay, but geez, I wasn't expecting an entire watershed's worth of seafood when I ordered the fried flounder and calabash shrimp platter. I found it a bit on the bland side, but nothing the tartar sauce couldn't fix. The onion rings were also bland on the flavour front, maybe they should spice the batter they use a bit more. Fries and slaw were okay as sides, but given the H-U-G-E amount of food that I ended up with I really couldn't get too excited about it.I couldn't manage to get dessert down at the restaurant but I got a slice of carrot cake to go and that was excellent the next day.Three stars tentatively due to that delicious cake, and since its probably my fault for ordering fried seafood at a diner instead of actual diner food, but I'm saving my first back to the US burger for Cookout.
1	I have eaten at Landmark on various occasions, and have never had a problem until now. 3 of us decide to come in for a quick bite to eat, and this was the closest place. We were seated and after a while or so a waiter comes to take our drink order ( granted they were busy so I will let his tardiness to greet us slide) We get our drinks and there are more people coming in and they are seated. We order our food and patiently wait as we see everyone else receive their orders including the people that came in after us. More time passes by,an hour to be exact ...by this point we are late to where we had to be. I see our waiter attending other tables and we still are sipping our watered out drinks, I give him one more opportunity to pass by without our food, and then I call him over and let him know that it has been an hour and a half waiting on our food, I am tired of waiting and no longer want my food. He explains to me that one of the dishes we order takes time to make, but I am not buying that it takes an hour and a half to make one plate. I wait 5 more minutes and out of utter frustration decide to leave, my party leaves while i go over to the cashier to pay at least for our watered down drinks and saltine crackers that one of us ate, right as I am leaving the food comes out and I was instructed to pay for the food, that I just said i no longer want. The cashier tells me that the food has to be paid for now because it is already cooked. I told them I refuse to pay for food that i am not going to eat. And she insisted that I can at least take it to go and wait even more time for it to be put into a box..needless to say I paid for food that I waited an hour and 45 minutes for that I did not eat. I will never be back, nor recommend anyone else to go there.
4	Just had an excellent breakfast at Landmark. I've been to several other CLT area diners, and this one is my new favorite. Cool location, lots of locals, and great food. I had the western omelet with grits and a biscuit. For $4.95, it was a huge portion and delicious. Landmark also has a huge dessert case, filled with amazing looking sweet treats. If you are looking for a very cool local diner, try Landmark.
5	Love this place! The staff is excellent. Friendly and efficient. My goto meal is the pork chops breakfast with eggs and grits (see pic). The pork chops are AMAZING. Seasoned to perfection and so tender mmm. The meal is only $9.50 and its impossible for me to even finish half in one sitting. My boyfriend always gets the challah French toast. It's like the king of French toasts. Also amazing. I have no complaints about this place. Every time we go we leave happy... and we go a lot lol!
2	In my search for the perfect gyro I came upon Landmark (mainly because the first two places I went to were closed). I knew that keeping with the Greek/diner theme, a gyro would be on the menu. The place is no frills and is reminiscent of your run of the mill New York diner. Sadly, the gyro was mediocre. The meat had little flavor and was dry. What really got me was that the gyro sandwich was served as a platter. No lettuce, tomato, onion adornment here, just a flat lifeless combination of meat and pita. I'm still looking for that gyro I can pick up with my hands and slowly tear at the paper as I sink my teeth into a mother load of spiced meat and tzatziki. I'll let you know when I find it.
4	The Landmark is a good diner.  After all, Guy Fiere has eaten here (Food Network: Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives).  The food is standard for what you would expect.  I had a western omelet, rye toast, bacon, coffee, OJ, and bacon.  The coffee was amazing - which is key for a good diner.  The rest of the food looked good but was lacking in flavor which was disappointing.  I am going to chalk it up to an off day or maybe what I ordered.The house favorite seems to be the French toast.  I missed out this round but next time it's on!  Seriously, people rave about how good the French toast is.  Also, I've got to try their deserts.  They look out of this world and are made on site at a bakery they have in the basement of the Diner.  In fact, I may just go for desert and coffee sometime.As for the rest of the experience, the service was excellent,  the environment is perfect for a diner: clean, cozy, it just has that certain Je ne sais quoi.  Despite being on Central Ave, the crowd is diverse in a way you will not feel out place.  Also, people bring their kids (at least for breakfast anyway) so you can consider this a good family place.  Now, at night that is probably another story as the night can bring out a different element.  As I had said, this is a good diner.  I will be back soon!
5	This is a family restaurant and has pretty much everything on the menu and some Greek goodies as well. I had their special pork tips with rice. It was definitely YUM!! The portion was huge. The seating area is clean and our server was quite pleasant.
2	The first thing you see when you walk into Landmark is a giant pastry case stuffed with delicious looking desserts.  This is pleasant to look at for a while, but this is where my pleasant dining experience ended.  Our service was lackluster, at best, borderline surly at worst.  Drinks were not refilled except upon request and despite our friendliness, it seemed almost impossible to get our waitress to crack a smile.  The restaurant wasn't busy at all so I'm not sure what her problem was, but it was definitely off-putting.I ordered 2 eggs over easy with toast, bacon, and fries. I'm allergic to onions, and home fries sometimes have onions, and I wanted potatoes, so I decided to play it safe.  After all, how bad can a plate of fries be?  As it turns out, pretty bad.  Like our service, they seemed lackluster, bored.  Maybe I shouldn't expect a diner to have amazing fries, but I've had amazing fries at diners before, and with such an extensive menu and supposed high status among Charlotte local restaurants, it wouldn't kill them to make a batch of crispy fries that didn't just lay insipidly and moody on the plate, refusing to be brightened with a generous ketchup bath.  The bacon was fried up too crispy for my liking, but that's a matter of personal taste.  Everyone agreed that the fries were...not great.  The eggs were fine the toast was actually really good (especially dipped in egg yolk...mmmmmm) The rest of my party were also less than satisfied with their food.  They also nickel-and-dime you really hard for substitutions like a bagel and cream cheese, which is a huge pet peeve of mine.  Is toasting up a bagel and bringing out a packet of cream cheese really so cost-prohibitive that you've gotta soak me for 12 bits?  All in all it was a LACKLUSTER diner AND dining experience.  You want normal diner food, go to the neighboring San Remo or Liberty East.  If you want EXCEPTIONAL diner food, go to Mattie's Diner.  If you want a step up from Waffle House, by all means check out Landmark.  Just don't order the fries.
4	I finally visited the famous Landmark Diner this past Sunday morning.  It's in a semi-sketchy part of town, but the restaurant itself looked very clean, updated, and not-at-all sketchy.  The breakfast menu was pretty big (although no benedicts), and the prices matched my small hometown's diners.  Now *that's* impressive for Charlotte.  I ordered the Northern omelet -- corned beef and swiss cheese.  It was good; your basic omelet with huge chunks of corned beef.  Someone else got the Challah French toast.  It was literally the BIGGEST order of French toast I've ever seen in my life.  The bread slices were about 2" thick.  The country ham side had been "rinsed" (at the recommendation of our server) but it was still very salty.  Good, but salty.  Another member of our party got the pork chops and eggs entree.  For only $8, there were eggs, potatoes, toast, and TWO pork chops.  It was a great deal for a very hungry boy.  If you have room after their huge portions, there's always dessert.  And I'm not talking just any dessert.  These are massive-sized desserts.  Three- and four-layer cakes.  Turnovers the size of your head.  Big meals, fantastic prices, pleasant atmosphere, and a clean restaurant.  What more could you ask for in a restaurant/diner?
5	Being from Philadelphia and experiencing great diners growing up, I was saddened to move to Raleigh, NC and find we don't have a good diner here. So after watching a diner's drive in and dives show, which featured this establishment, we decided to give it a try once we visited Charlotte. The Neighborhood is "sketchy" at best... I was a little worried about the outside not being much to look at. So imagine my suprise once inside to see the dessert case with (gasp) tasty and large treats to try. We went for dinner, and as Guy had suggested I tried the turkey dinner. It was lip smackin' good- as they like to say in the south. I fell in love instantly with this place.Just to be sure I wasn't dreaming about a good diner in the south, we came back the next morning for breakfast..and the dream became a reality. Our breakfast was just as tasty, and now every visit to Charlotte requires at least one- or two- stops at the Landmark Diner!
4	We've eaten here maybe six times in a year. With the exception of the stale bread basket once, everything else has been pretty good. Although I must say I'll never order the French toast made with the Challah bread again. It was okay but not as good at the regular French toast. I think they make the Challah french toast with the stale Challah bread.My daughter loves the chicken cheese "steak".We have always had excellent service every time we've eaten at Landmark and tip accordingly.
5	Paula and I travel to Charlotte about 5-6 times a year. We both grew up in the North (d**n Yankees!) and we've bemoaned the lack of *real* diners in the South since we moved here in 1998. All too often, we will drive up to a place that calls itself a diner, only to find that it is nothing more than a glorified soda shop and hamburger joint - not that there is anything wrong with that, mind you, it's just that we have always had high hopes of finding something like what we remembered back home, and come away feeling empty.So when we saw the Landmark featured on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives, we decided to give it a shot. Getting there was definitely NOT half the fun - it's in one of the least attractive parts of Charlotte, and you can't see the sign until you are nearly past the entrance to the parking lot. If you are coming up Central Avenue from Eastway Drive - which you probably will be if you are coming from I-85 or from the south side of town - you want to turn left just at the end of the median, right after you pass Kilborne Drive. Parking is shared with a small strip shopping center, and there's not a whole lot of it, but every time we have gone the place has been packed.Once you get there, you will realize as soon as you walk in that this is, indeed, a diner. The menu for both breakfast and dinner is huge, with many classic diner favorites and an array of specials. Prices are about as reasonable as you could ask, with many choices under $10. Portion sizes are large - we wonder sometimes how they make money given what they charge and the amount of food you get.Recommendations:1. Any meal with stuffing as a side dish. I've had the pork and stuffing, and Paula's had the turkey dinner. The proteins are cooked perfectly, and the stuffing is just like Mom (or Grandma) used to make.2. Pot pies. These are HUGE! We're not talking some small Swanson-sized tin here, we're talking a full-size tureen!3. The French toast made with Challah bread. Go lightly on the butter and syrup, and savor the bread; trust me, you will be glad that you did.I was mildly disappointed in the omelets, but that's mostly because I am a cheese-a-holic and the omelet was *very* light on filling.If you're missing diners, this is the place to go. Now if we can just teleport a clone to Raleigh...
5	Love this place.  Best cones beef hash ever!
4	HUGE menu. The fries are the only thing I don't care for. Service tonight was great.
3	I've been to Landmark a few times while visiting the area and would not shy away from return visits. The menu is very large, they serve breakfast any time and I haven't run into anything I haven't liked yet. The Gyro is really good. The ranch dressing here is pretty amazing; I highly recommend it even if only for dipping French fries in. The servers are friendly but average. The portions are large and the prices are good. If you're into the star struck thing, Dakota and Elle Fanning go here (or at least have gone). They have autographed pictures right when you walk in. It's also been showcased on the TV show "Diner's, drive-ins and dives".
4	Roasted Tom Turkey. It's like a Thanksgiving meal, very filling and tasty. I had enough to take away for another meal. Service was good as well. The desserts were large and sweet.
5	I don't know the fact that it's open til 4 AM or if it's that tira misu that's so good that makes this restaurant a 5 star restaurant for me. I had a Louisiana Etouffe and it was absolutely delicious. My roommate told me to come here after it was featured on Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives. Even though I never ate what Guy ate, I did eat part of it since my mom got what he which was the Tom Turkey. I never watched the show so I didn't know what to get, luckily the waiter was wonderful and pointed out what was good. (She pointed out the tira misu)And the dessert (the raving tira misu) was absolutely delicious. The waiter told us that they make it every Friday and they sell out by Saturday night. SO GET ONE! (If you're there and they have some.) Inside, it seems completely different to what it is outside as I didn't expect it. Outside, it looks like an ordinary diner until you go in there which my mind was absolutely blown by the way the restaurant was set up. The inside seemed like t was a high class diner or somewhere where you can just relax.Overall, I love this place and definitely will go back, as the raving reviews on Yelp says and my own experience. (Plus, they have so many things on the menu I don't think i'll have nothing to try.)
4	They have their own bakery in the basement and so you can only imagine all the different cakes and stuff one can delight themselves in. Very good food as well.  ;-)
5	Greek Family ran love it. The Turkey and stuffing is full of flavor. The menu is large very large but you will find some thing for you. And the spinach bite dinner just eat it.
3	My wife and I had breakfast and I was impressed with the coffee. I also had bacon and eggs which were acceptable, but not great.My wife loved that they did her toast on the grill for her. I would go again. The service was prompt and friendly.
3	Landmark is definitely a favorite place of mine the service is good the food is plentiful and the prices are low, it's not a super fancy place but a good old fashioned diner..
1	this place is terrible i use to love it growing up and its gone way down hill the waitress we had was rude my grandmother asked what the sides were and she decided to announce to our table where they were and said it so loud the whole restaurant could hear here my grandmother looked mortified.  the silverware we received were dirty and the waitress looked like we inconveinced here to ask for some other ones.  Then we waited an hour for our food (for a table of 5)  and half of ours came out cold.  when we finally asked for the manager he came to our table dropped off our food didnt introduce himself or anything.  we actually had no idea he was the manager till the waitress told us.  it was my cousins birthday so my aunt asked if they did anything special they dont and she said not unless you want to order a cannoli or something.  she then brought it out after my aunt told here no and tried to use the fact shes hard of hearing as an excuse.  She then proceeded to follow us to the register afraid shed get a bad tip for the poor service.  it was terrible i will NEVER go here again.
1	The first two times I went to Landmark, I actually enjoyed it. But the last few times, it was icky and the service was horrible. I ordered a cheeseburger and my husband ordered chicken fingers. How can you mess up a simple cheeseburger and chicken finger? The burger was dry and overcooked, and it was topped with a icky slice of fake cheese. I was disappointed to say the least. The only think I liked was the tuxedo cake. That's always good. But Landmark needs to step it up.
5	I'm pretty dang excited to have discovered Landmark. Why? Well, come with me as I explain.Landmark is not quite within the borders of the trendy part of Central Avenue. You shouldn't let the fact that its in a less exciting area deter you, however. Not that people seem to be deterred. When we went for Sunday brunch, there was an amazing mix of customers (as others have noted). Old ladies in church clothes, hipsters in Chucks, families with kids, and all of a range of ethnicity and color. This, to me, is an excellent sign. Inside, the place is nicer than you'd expect. It's not fancy by any stretch of the imagination, but it's clean, the decorations are fairly tasteful, and it's spacious. We were promptly seated and served drinks, and service was excellent throughout our meal.Of course, you're probably more interested in the food than the clientele, decor, or service. Well, you're in luck, because it was quite tasty. I ordered the Farmer's omelette, which included sausage, bacon, and tons of veggies. It was delicious. The biscuit that came with it was done right as well. The only "meh" note were the home fries, which, despite being nice and crispy, were slightly bland. Salt and pepper helped. Yeah, the food isn't word class, but it's plentiful, tastes good, and is cheap. I can't wait to go back and pick something out from that huge dessert case.All of the above are excellent reasons to give a restaurant four stars. What pushes me all the way to five? They're open at 4AM folks. 4AM. If you live in Mint Hill, you'll understand why it makes me so happy to have a place fairly close by, open late and serving good food, that's not Cookout.4AM!
5	I am a lover of diner food (real diner food...unless I'm in a pinch, you can keep your Waffle House). And Landmark is the real deal.1. I've been for breakfast, dinner, and late night and the food is killer all the way around. It's not 4 diamond or anything, but that's not what this place is. As far as diner fare goes, these guys set the standard. The French toast is excellent, and their Greek selections are pretty great, too.  And the dessert case. My word, the dessert case. I ordered an eclair on a late-night dessert run and the thing came to me on a full-size dinner plate.2. They are open until 4am. In Charlotte. No further explanation needed.3. This place is great for people watching. Awkward teenage dates? Yep. Bikers? Of course. Little old ladies fanning themselves after church? Why not. And they are all welcomed and happily coexist at the Landmark. Are you still reading? Haven't lost you yet? Well, why not? Stop it! Go to the Landmark.
2	Called a to-go order in last night around 12:30 am. I thought I would make it easy so I ordered two of the exact same breakfast. 2 eggs over medium, sausage patties and french toast. Eggs cooked perfect. French toast some battered and some not. Sausage patties? They gave me one order and they were way overcooked. Sausage probable sat all day and they only had one order so instead of cooking fresh order they gave me only one order. The food is good for what it is but check your to-go orders carefully
1	I asked a young male waiter on saturday am 07/14 to have home fries lightly browned, they came to table well done, decided to overlook this. Then before finishing my plate and cofffee, I had to use the restroom, when I came back to my table a lady was clearing the table and rmoving all that was left! I used to be a regular but now I will eat somewhere else!
3	We went there about 3 weeks ago on our way to Virginia. I have to say the food was good. I got the Chicken Souvlaki and my wife the Pizza Burger. Both were very good for a diner. I have been to other diners where the food seems mass produced and is sub-par. The desserts looked very good, but we didn't try any. The service was very good as well. It was pretty late, but you didn't get the sense from the servers that they just wanted to get out of there. I do have to say that the restaurant is kind of out there, so it was a bit of a hike off of I-77. Overall, 3.5 stars would probably be more accurate, but that is not an option! I would definitely go back on a late night if I am passing through.
4	Holy humongous desserts, batman!  You have got to see this place!  Don't go to the Landmark expecting amazing decor. It's clean, just a little dated. What you visit this Charlotte institution for is the amazing food! On my most recent visit with my husband and a friend of ours, we sampled the breakfast menu. It's an expected offering, but with results that soar right on over ordinary. My husband, a steak purist, declared his ribeye 'the best I've ever had'. The flavor was perfect. I asked for a gravy biscuit that wasn't on the menu, but they made it anyway. It was good and very satisfying. I've sampled other menu items over the years and never been disappointed. After the generous meal portions, if you have room for dessert, you pretty much can't make a bad choice.  The chocolate anything will be great, their baklava is amazing, and I recently enjoyed a lemon cake that was wonderful. Don't miss this gem, it's a great place.
4	Late night hazy memory food! Sooooo I can't tell you all that much about it but my gut feeling is of fondness. I think I had a club sandwich? Who knows?!I also remember my waiter being this german dude who could have been straight out of central casting as a member of Hydra in Captain America. He was super nice though, not saying he's like in Hydra or anything... or like is actually the Red Skull. Definitely not saying that.
5	Tosh is was a DDD so we had high expectations and they came right through.  Our waitress was super cool, food was great turkey Tom and the wife had roasted pork with stuffing, only cow that was good.  We got stuffed so we could not have any of those divine desserts in the case, all made on premises.  We'll probably go back today to par-take.  Worth the trip and scarf it down!!!
4	Solid diner food.  I decided to check it out after seeing the place on Diners Drive-ins and Dives on The Food Network. There was a 10-15 minute wait for Sunday lunch...go a little earlier to beat the church crowd, and you probably won't have to wait.I had the turkey gravy and dressing.  Got a piece of the carrot cake to go. Everything was excellent. Everything I saw on other tables looked great too. I'll definitely be returning.
5	Use your GPS to find this place.  Once you find it you will not be disappointed.
2	Oh Landmark! What happened to your service?!? This time that I came, I had to see what I've been hearing. They've changed waiters and well, lets say the service is definitely not the same as it used to be.For example it took at least 15 minutes to just get our water, and note that the restaurant wasn't busy at all. The waiter had only about 3 other tables and she already looked busy. Another reason was that when I ordered a plate and wanted to share it with my mother because she wasn't so hungry, the waiter said they charged extra! What?!? What kind of restaurant requires you to pay extra to share?! We asked her that's the first I've ever heard of that, and she said she didnt want to get in trouble and to "let it go" and make it seem like we were wrong. Sadly, I think it might be time for my business to go elsewhere as one of the best restaurants in my view has went in the gutter. It might not be the food, but service is definitely a deciding factor for my family and I.
2	Very disappointed in this place. Maybe it is only good at 3am.  DO NOT GO HERE FOR GYROS.  They have the fake strips of meat that you can buy in the freezer section.
4	I just moved to the Eastland neighborhood and have been trying out all the fantastic Honduran, Vietnamese and Salvadoran places. But when I want a reliable slice of Americana (or Mediterranean), I go to Landmark. So far, I haven't gone wrong with mousaka, lasagna, spanikopita (sp?) etc. The environment is old school, well kept and clean. And their hours are great as their prices.
3	It was okay. I actually didn't like the food at all and thought it could have been much better. To their credit, I've been told they're known for their food so I will try it again with different results hopefully!
4	I'm giving the Landmark 4 stars because of their delicious Mousaka. It took a while but that was because they made it fresh, and man was it YUMMY! One of the only places in Charlotte that serve Mousaka, which is the Greek version of Lasagna...only better (IMHO). Oh, and the Greek desserts were very yummy as well, like their Baklava.But, what my Dad and Wife had were just OK, nothing special. I warned my Dad about ordering Pastrami from a non-Jewish deli, and sure enough, it was not very good. Somewhat dry. My wife had the Chicken Souvlaki which were decent but not great.They have a large menu and I will try something different next time just to see what else they do.But if you go, go GREEK! That Mousaka was oh so very delicious!
4	So this place was featured on the Food Network and I happened to be in this area of town, so went to check-it out.  The entrance to the place was a little tricky, I accidentally went to the shopping center next to it and they are not connected, but I quickly corrected that.The restaurant seemed steady for lunch time, clean and very modern looking.  The menu is large, with a separate lunch menu and specials and sides given by the waitress.  On this trip, I ordered the turkey with corn and mashed potatoes as my sides; also cornbread and sweet tea.  It didn't take very long for food to come to the table, within' five minutes.  The turkey was laying on top of stuffing with cranberries in  a plastic container on the side, it had an impressive presentation.  The taste of the turkey was very good, and complimented well with the gravy it had on top; the stuffing was a tad sweet, so I added salt.  The corn was very fresh, while the mashed potatoes was okay.  The corn bread was a bit dry, so butter was necessary to eat with.  I did not try the cranberry sauce.I had more than I could finished but ordered desert anyway, which was the strawberry cheesecake.  The cheesecake was very creamy and moist, which I liked, the strawberries though weren't very good, they were dark, dry, and crunchy; basically not fresh; I scrapped most to the side to finish off the slice.The price for all this was very reasonable and I overall enjoyed the meal.  Worth going again.
2	The Landmark Diner has been around for years and years for a reason...really good food at decent prices. They were even featured on diners- drive ins- and dives, yep it serves up a tasty dish.....usually. But just like any other establishment they can have an off day, but you had better not say anything while you are there. They have a reputation for not  handling critiziism very well. The last time our family ate there, my wife said that the chocolate cake was that great ( usually is ) ......mind you she just said  this to the waitress who asked if all was ok. The owner came to our table and really showed is butt off. Sadly this was not the first such experience but I can assure you it will be the last. We put up with their rudeness and poor service because the food was better than average for too long. If Guy fieri had not complimented that tool of an owner he would have been tepreated the same too.
5	This, is a Real diner. This is definitely one of the places that makes me miss home the most because this is by definition a New York diner. The menu is so large that it might actually beat out the cheesecake factory. But it is those types of things that makes this a real winner for me. Diners are the best in my eyes when you can literally order anything you want from pancakes to a full Thanksgiving meal and then everything in between.
3	Checked this place out due to seeing it on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives on Food Network. Menu had a lot of choices. Food was  ahhh....okay. Desserts were worth the trip. Dessert case was overwhelming. Food came out lukewarm as if it was sitting in the back for a while which made the trip a bit disappointing and the waitress was very very slow. I would go back during a time when not so busy and maybe have a different experience. Overall, I've had better Greek food. Worth a try though.
2	After years of wanting to check this place out, I finally headed down Central Ave. I arrived at 11:15 and the placed was packed. I joined those waiting and watched as the disarray of settings took place. After being seated, I waited, at my dirty table, over 10 minutes before even being approached. I ordered the Sunday Turkey, Gravy, and Stuffing Special, with mashed potatoes and corn as the sides. I was offered bread and said yes. The bread was stale and cold. As I waited over 20 minutes I admired the dirty floors and rude servers. My dish was finally delivered and looked like a mound of gravy, and was cold. I asked to have it reheated and was given a not-so-friendly look. Once I was able to dive in the stuffing had no flavor and was so soggy. The turkey was okay, but destroyed with the "out of the can" yellow gravy. The mashed potatoes and corn were okay, but I can imagine the corn was frozen. Definitely disappointed and will not return.
5	Gotta love the landmark! We do take out breakfast or lunch here a few times a month. Did lunch today and had the meatloaf parmigiana. If you like meatloaf you will love this dish. 2 huge slabs of meatloaf, that on it's own are very good, topped with tomato sauce and cheese. It is meatloaf heaven. I think they only have this on Tues. but not sure.I also love the marinated beef tips over rice, and you can't go wrong with breakfast. They serve home fries instead of shredded hash browns most places serve.
3	I saw this restaurant on my favorite Food Network show, Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives (Hosted by Guy Fieri). You know, "Tripple D".  I was in Charlotte for the weekend so I thought why not try out a restaurant from that show. I came there on a Sunday morning. The line was out the door like any busy, famous, and neighborhood-friendly restaurant for brunch. (TIP: Always go where the locals go.) We waited for 15 minutes and were seated quickly.  The waitress and staff were sweet...like how they should be in the south. We ordered jalapeno bombers for appetizers. It was good...like Church's Chicken good! I had the greek sampler... moussaka (greek lasagna), Spanakopita (spinach pie) and graped leaves stuffed with rice and feta cheese. Oh, I had a side of green beans and corn but too full to touch it. My favorite was the moussaka because I'm not a big fan of feta cheese that was in the spanakopita and grape leaves. It was good and I finished it. I ate what was suggested on Tripple D so I left there happy and full.  Oh, don't forget to check out the desserts in the glass window by the door.
3	Went to this place again today. I'm a sucker for places featured on Diners, Drive Ins, and Dives. It's good, not great. Today I had the turkey dinner Guy ate when he visited. It was fine. The turkey was tasty but the dressing was overly saged. The gravy also had an odd consistency and no real flavor. For sides, I had Mac and Cheez (tasty) and collards (very poorly seasoned). The desert case is always an impressive sight, but I didn't partake today. I'd return to try the breakfast. I've heard good things. Worth a try for sure, but don't expect greatness just because Triple D was there.
5	Truly a gem in Charlotte that it has a 24h diner that is better than half of the New Jersey diners i have been to! Food overall is good to very good. The biggest treat of this place is the cheesecake, made the way you remember it up north. You may come here to feel that you're back "up north" for the diner experience but if anything, the best cheesecake in the state of North Carolina is at Landmark. Period.
1	Every time I've been here I always see multiple health code violations. The French fries are pretty good but the Reuben made me very ill.
4	One of Charlotte's best DIners. I've lived in NY and Chicago and have been to many and this compares. Brings back memories every time I dine here.
3	Like many have said this joint was surprisingly ordinary for a place featured on the Food Network, but a couple of items are pretty mindblowing and the good news is that you can pick them up in a case right by the register. Curious?  I'll save the best for last and start with our appetizer that we had to try after hearing Guy Fieri rave about it - the spannakopita. Lots of spinach and the first I had ever had with dill, but it really worked!  For the entree, my waitress was raving about the chicken slouvaki so I gave it a shot. Pretty solid. My wife had a BLT and fries. Safe choice but solid again. Now is where the real fireworks happened... On the way out we passed by a glass case I had already eyed on my way in and we couldn't resist the temptation. Ordered a slice of carrot cake and two pieces of baklava. Both items were best-in-freaking class and were devoured as soon as we got home. They make each daily and you can tell. The carrot cake had lots of goodies (coconut, raisins, etc) and the icing was great. As for the baklava, the best I have had, and this coming from someone whose childhood friend was second generation Greek whose mom made fresh baklava weekly. 3 stars overall, but 5 for that glass case!
4	This is not your ordinary diner on the road. We came here bc it's near our new apartment and open til 4am.The restaurant is very big, and when u first walk in there's a glass cabinet full of dessert that makes u don't want to ever leave the place. Not to mention it was famous for that in travel channel.My bf ordered grilled chicken filet with sunny side up egg and fried potato. The fried potato was good, and has full flavor to it. Doesn't even need ketchup or honey mustard. However, the chicken is a bit too dried. It had good flavor just too dried.I ordered the challah French toast as recommended by many yelp users. And oh god it's anything but classic French toast. First, the size of the toast is huge!! It's very fluffy and not overly sweet even after I pour half bottle of maple syrup to it. By the way, the syrup was Warm!!! That makes the toast even better. The portion was so huge, we have leftover for lunch and dinner. The only thing I take a star off is for the server. She literally didn't check on us after she dropped off the food.It's a place we will definitely go back, especially for brunch and late night munches
4	Not your typical small, greasy diner!! The helpings are big and the food is great!  Lots to choose from & everything was right on time!!
4	Finally popped my Landmark Diner cherry this weekend. Can't believe it's taken me 9.5 years to try this place out.The menu has anything and everything. On top of that, a giant board of specials greeted us when we walked inside the door. The place was hoppin' for lunchtime Saturday.I've seen the Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives episode at least a dozen times so I of course had to get the turkey, dressing and gravy. Huge serving. I took half home for lunch the next day. I'm a big fan of any meal covered in gravy. Craving some Thanksgiving? Go to Landmark and get this. The lunch portion comes with two sides. I went with green beans and a cup of vegetable soup. Loved the flavor of the soup. I will definitely get that as a side every time.Here's a rundown of what the rest of my crew ordered: -The fried chicken basket. This is quite the deal. The basket is huge. It comes with onion rings AND two sides. -Chicken pot pie. This was on the specials board and it was fantastic. Classic comfort food.-Roast pork and gravy. This was also on the specials board. Great flavor.-Fried apple sticks. Oh man, were these yummy. Ooey gooey apple goodness inside each one-Chocolate cream pie. Get it and share it. I made the mistake of ordering one for just myself. I was in a food coma when it was all said and done.My turkey lunch, pie and coffee all came to about $13. Not bad at all. I will definitely be adding Landmark to my lunch rotation.
4	A diner with a huge menu. Although it isn't the highest cuisine it is a great place for a good meal at a good price. Spanikopita is pretty good as is the Greek plate. If you like flounder fried they have it with or without the skin and you get a big portion.When I want to eat a lot or share with someone this is a great place to sit and eat at your leisure.Never had the cakes or pastries but they look good.Outstanding Eggplant Parmesan too.
4	Another reviewer had it right - huge menu, decent food, great prices. Bring a group, and no one will have trouble finding something to eat - unless that trouble is deciding! The menu is more expansive than it needs to be, but most choices seem solid from the small percentage we've been able to sample so far. Last night, our group of three ordered regular meals, and enough food appeared to feed 6 or more. Nothing stood out as The Best version of (Tour of Greece, Texas BBQ Burger, Tom Turkey platter, etc.) that any of us had ever had, but it was all served hot, quick, in large portions, and well under budget. After a long day-into-night at work, and battling traffic on the snowy roads, it was just what the doctor ordered. The dessert case was beyond tempting, but sadly, none of us had any room after the smorgasbord that had been laid in front of us.Regarding breakfast, three simple words:Challah. French. Toast.That is all.
4	What can I say about Landmark?  "Special" seems insufficient.  Outside of the airport, this is THE BEST place to people watch!  Located on Central Avenue, you'll quickly discover that this isn't the best part of town.  However, they cater to everyone.  The owners are Greek and the menu offers a multitude of Greek inspired entrees.  The food is good and the desserts are amazing.  Baked fresh daily, they offer a wide variety of desserts in gigantic portions.  Because they have so many options that are all homemade, they don't offer every dessert every day of the week.They offer daily specials that will give you the biggest bang for your buck.  The baby back ribs are some of the best I've ever had and the lobster bisque will knock your socks off!  The Greek specialties are well worth a trip as well.  This is a great place to meet with friends and kickback over a cup of coffee.  I often visit with friends simply to enjoy a sweet treat and a cup of Joe over conversation while people watching.  We've certainly seen some interesting characters milling about.  This is also a frequent hangout for CMPD officers on their coffee break.The service is varied and most of the servers have broken English.  The ones that do speak clear English are usually slurring their words for other reasons.  Look closely and you may see a little white powder around their nostrils.  No joke.  Like I said, people watching at its finest folks!  I've seen potential serial killers, drug dealers, little people, one eyed Willie, Uncle Duck, Big Mama and many more...
3	Landmark is the standby restaurant. It's the place you can go to fulfill your late night munchies or to take your grandmother for breakfast the next morning. It's comfortable and has a gigantic menu with plenty of variety. It is a Charlotte staple and that is why I keep going back. The food is not outstanding. Most things are  okay at best. Other things are just gross, like their southwestern omelet. Never order that. Their coffee is hot, brown-tinted water, but they are quick to refill it for you. (If I can see through my coffee, I'm not happy.) Their service is a mix. Some servers are not very attentive and others are too pushy and tend to over-share. The dessert case is impressive. Though, some items look better than they taste. The chocolate cake, for example, is huge, but it has no flavor! How can you have a four layer chocolate cake that doesn't taste like chocolate? Most of the other sweets are pretty good. It's also one if the most fascinating places to people watch. Go for that, if nothing else.
4	I have been going to Landmark since my friends introduced me to it in 1995.  Back then it use to be open 24 hours.  It was the place to go after the bars and clubs.  The menu is HUGE!  So much to choose from!!  Great breakfast anytime of the day.  And not to forget the dessert case!!  So many delicious things you just have to get a couple!  But my favorite is to get the basket of onion rings with ranch dressing for an appetizer.  I ususally try to go on a Saturday night.  One of their specials is chicken pot pie and I love it!!!  The service there is always on point and wonderful!  If you're in the need for some good, naughty food stop in and check it out!
3	This place is kind of my go-to place when all else fails. The food is good - not great. I wouldn't go out of my way to recommend anything on the menu. But it's cheap and the portions are HUGE and it's open basically all night. Plus I live right around the corner so the location is super convenient.  So I frequent it often when I'm starving at 2 am and want something other than fast food. I mean, where else can I get an omelette, a slice of cheesecake, and a shot of Jack all at the same place and in the middle of the night?! All in all, I wouldn't go across town for this place, but if you're looking for a decent, convenient, and reliable neighborhood spot, the landmark is it.
4	Good breakfast spot off central. Eggs sloppy in a good way, toast is on point. Great service!
2	Outdated and mediocre, did not live up to the Diners Drives and Dives hype.  Wouldn't eat there again although it wasn't terrible.  Service was also average.
2	Dear, Destiny         You might think serving tables is the job field for you but it isn't!!! You were the most ditzy waitress ever!!!! Worst service I've ever gotten here! Thank god for the awesome gay server that saved the day!!!
1	Waited 15 min for water and 20min for dessert that was already made in the dessert case! Should've left and had ice cream at home! We watched an employee slice our cake from the mirror then she left it there for a while trying to find our server to serve it to us. I could have just got it myself.
4	We went to Landmark Diner last week while in Charlotte because they had been featured on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives and were certainly not disappointed.  The menu selection was HUGE and the service was great.There were 6 in my party and we all ordered different dishes and shared portions so that everyone could experience different things.  The favorites were the Lasagna and the Greek Combo.  The chocolate cake was absolutely massive and was fantastic.The service was outstanding.  There was a very difficult couple seated near us and the staff handled the complaining diners with respect even in the face of extreme rudeness from the customers.  Our service was absolutely outstanding and the staff was courteous and engaging.I would recommend Landmark Diner with no reservations.
3	My husband and I went for breakfast before he had to go to work. I dont know if it was very early but the staff was not really nice. They barely spoke or made any conversation. I saw them on yelp and they had a few good reviews I just wanted to try them for myself. The food was ok but I dont think we'll be going back.
1	Food Network Fail. Horrible service, had to ask server FOUR times for SILVERWARE. Meal took an hour and fifteen minutes after being seated. Requested cocktail sauce, received barbecue sauce. Fries were served cold. Fish sandwich was full of bones and served on a stale bun. Very disappointing.
2	Ive been going here  for years never had a problem, decided to go here tonight and had a awful experience. The service was good, the food was good. It wasn't until it was over that the experience became a bad one.  I've never had to pay a gratuity here even in groups , go to other restaurants and it's up to you. Tonight it was a shock to my system me and my child ate each meal no more than 10 dollars and some how I had to pay 31 dollars because of it. Shame shame shame, did I say shame? Really upset it isn't written any where in the restaurant never seen it so I'm really upset.  The service wasn't that good for it to be automatic all of a sudden.  Shame on you landmark, update your menu, decor and bathrooms. And the women at the cash register that greet you and cash you out are horrible. The red head one with glasses really rude, I was talking to her about my order, she didn't want to listen to me the customer she was more interested in talking to the other rude women at the front. Landmark has really changed. Wow
2	Meh. That pretty much sums up my experience at Landmark Diner. We went for brunch after seeing this place on an old episode of Diners, Drive-ins and Dives. None of the food was above average, and some was certainly sub-par. My wife's scrambled eggs were over cooked, and my fried eggs were under cooked. I'd heard they have the best biscuits in Charlotte, but ours were very brown and a little dry. We won't be going back.
4	I was nervous about this place after reading so many negative reviews, but it really was a great first experience. I got the boiled turkey breast smothered in gravy with stuffing,  which were out of this world. My girlfriend got the country fried chicken with home fries, also both delicious, but the home fries were way under seasoned. We managed to save room for dessert and got the tuxedo cake (white and chocolate mousse cake) -- absolutely delicious. The reason I gave this place a 4 was cause our waitress didn't seem to like her job and wasn't very friendly. Will definitely eat there again.
2	I used to be a regular customer at Landmark when I lived in Charlotte. So when I visited this past week, this was my first stop. I was so disappointed. As soon as you walk in you an tell that the atmosphere has changed. The staff is not as friendly. We ordered sodas. I had to send mine back twice because they were flat. Our orders came with bread and salads. We never received them. Two of us ordered the Italian Trio. It was awful! It was cold and tasteless. When I mentioned it to the manager i was told that they cant season the food because they have elderly customers. I guess the other customers don't count. I'm not sure if they're under new management but this restaurant has really gone down. And I think they need to stop using the Diners, Drive Ins, and Dives thing to get customers. That was way back when they were good.
2	Ate there late night, around 3:00am. I was not impressed at all. The service was okay, nothing to rave about but the server was nice and the food came out pretty quick. I ordered buffalo chicken wings with ranch & cheese grits. The wings came out dry with the sauce on the side which was odd to me because I didn't ask for them that way. The buffalo wing sauce was not good at all. It was VERY salty with a bad after taste. The ranch was bland so it didn't mask the bad sauce taste. The cheese grits were average. I've heard the omelettes are great, but overall I was pretty underwhelmed.
2	Food was good. The spanish chic that waited on me was the worst service I have ever got in a server!  We had to chase down another waitress to get a take out box.  No how is the food?  No would you like a desert?  There are hundreds of restaurants in charlotte pick another one with descent service!
3	Good breakfast, but nothing spectacular.  The best item is their coffee and hot cakes.  Veggie omelet was just ok, breakfast potatoes are good, and my English muffin came out a little hard and burnt.  If I lived right next door then maybe I would come here again, but to be honest there are so many better breakfast spots in Charlotte.
5	Great breakfast spot, but be prepared to wait...especially on the weekends. Still, it's worth the wait.
5	Our family has eaten here for many years.  Great for breakfast, lunch or dinner and you can get breakfast at anytime, day or night. The portions always large, even the pastries, pies and cakes!
4	The very best Turkey and Dressing I have Ever had (sorry, Mom!). The turkey was tender and moist, and along with the delicious stuffing and gravy, practically melted in my mouth.  I love that they're open so late! The wait staff were very attentive and helpful.  Huge menu, beautiful house-made desserts.  I look forward to eating there again next time I'm in Charlotte.
5	Landmark is absolutely amazing. .im eating the chicken Alfredo and its sooooooo goooooood..
2	Found egg shells in my scrambled eggs. They put wax paper on top of my cheese on top of my grits and when I peeled it back, all the cheese came off. I'll probably eat here again but I'll check everything before I bite into anything.
3	Food was pretty good (I had a chicken wrap) but service was crazy slow.  Our party of 3 (after the main lunch rush) didn't even get acknowledged by a server for almost 15 minutes...just as we were about to give up and leave.  Even then, it wasn't a server, it was one of the runners who informed us who our server was and that he would take our drink orders.  We had him take our food orders as well.  A harried young lady I can only assume was our server - she never introduced herself or apologized for making us wait - brought us our food pretty quickly after we ordered it.  It was good and the portions were more than I could eat.  I'll give it another shot at some point.
5	I'm never disappointed each time I come here.  The service is always excellent, food is great, and dessert ABSOLUTELY AMAZING.  The ribeye steak of the Land & Sea is cooked perfectly and it's so tender.I really don't have anything negative to say about Landmark.  It tastes great at any time of the day.
4	After hearing a lot about this place I decided to stop by. The menu, like many Greek owned restaurants, is MASSIVE. It took me awhile to figure out what I wanted but I ended up just getting a cheeseburger and onion rings. The portion was huge but it was good. The hours are the thing that really sets this place apart. I went here around 10:30pm and the place was packed. Best restaurant in Charlotte for a late night bite. Good food, big portions, excellent value. Definitely recommend!
3	Not what we were hoping for from the reviews.  This was our first and probably only visit so we may have come on a bad day.  The good- service was excellent and attentive.  The desserts are massive, with apple turnovers the size of your head and cake slices that are easily enough to feed 3-4 persons.The bad - the entrees were just not good.  The open faced beef sandwich had thin dry roast beef (almost jerky) covered in a gravy so thick and floury that you couldn't eat it without lots of water.  The vegetable soup was tomato based but tasted like Campbell's or Progresso that had been heavily peppered.  Except for the salads, the rest of the meal was pretty rough.  I see a lot of good reviews so it may just be the timing but I don't know that we are going to try this place again.
3	Beautiful interior. The plate I had was disappointing, but I'd give it another try cause my boyfriend was very pleased with his gyros. Good prices and service. I need to try dessert next time.
5	This is my go to 24 hour open diner near Plaza Midwood. Sure they have lots of standard blue plate special's, but check out their breakfast too. When you walk in they have a impressive dessert cabinet. Try their several layer chocolate cake with coffee-- anytime, day or night!
