4	This is an excellent buffet for the price, especially for breakfast.  Fresh, good quality items with a number of live cooking stations.  Pleasant dining room.  As usual, come at the end of the breakfast shift (10:45 or so) in order to take advantage of the switch-over to lunch.
3	I ate breakfast alone at the Monte Carlo Buffet three mornings in a row. Very nice. Great success.Clean, good variety, pleasant (for a casino buffet) decor. Each morning I started off healthy with some oatmeal (brown sugar would have required a jackhammer...doesn't get a lot of attention I guess) and a pile of grapefruit. Then I went back for a little potato action, maybe some eggy thing, and whatever else looked interesting until I got full. It's the usual stuff, lots of meaty things. Vaguely interesting baked tomato with pesto, but nothing too remarkable or delicious. Just solid. On the first morning I was going to get some oatmeal, grapefruit, toast and an orange juice at the spot next door called "The Cafe," but that would have been slower and cost me almost 20, when I got all that and more at the buffet for $12.90 or so.Downsides:-The orange juice is basically Sunny Delite.-They took away my plate and reset my table for other people the first time I went back for seconds. I guess that's what I get for eating all by my lonely and not leaving someone to guard my territory.-It seems like the magical grease fairy flutters about the buffet with a bucket of pig oil gently brushing it all over the part of the bacon tongs that you are supposed to hold with your hand. Once every ten minutes or so, when no one is looking.-It's a casino buffet so the bar is low. The whole genre of eatery sucks anyway. On that scale its not bad at all.
5	We had breakfast here and it was great. They had alot of good food and a wide variety and the price was reasonable. My husband had a make your own omlette and it was good! Also the wait staff is very on top of there game.
5	Reasonably priced all-you-can eat shrimp cocktail, prime rib, and really good dessert!  The bottom line: Gluttony.  ERF
3	Because we stayed at the Monte Carlo, it was only natural to head downstairs for lunch.  For about $13.00, you get a very decent Las Vegas buffet.  However, by doing some research, along with some experimenting, you'd easily find better options for lunch or dinner buffets.  The service here is fine, and so is the food, as you get an assortment of cuisines from around the world, including Asian, Mexican, Italian, and some others.  But if you're willing to spend just a few dollars more, you'd find much more extravagant options at neighboring hotels.
3	We got our buffet lunch comped from our few days of getting drilled at the tables.  The buffet price was reasonable anyway, around $13.It was rather small as far as Vegas buffets go, but they have all the basics: fresh carved prime rib, a few mexican and chinese options, fresh salads, plus lots of the standard comfort foods.  Nothing I tried was gross, but nothing fabulous either.  Decent, cheap buffet food.  Solid three stars.Only bad thing, we had to stand at the desk and wait about 10 minutes before getting seated... and there were numerous empty tables in all sections.  The desk people were visibly bored and disinterested with their job, life, everything and everybody.
3	I stayed at the Monte Carlo and heard that the buffet there was pretty good for the price. I would say it was okay, nothing too fancy and like a lot of other casino buffets I'd been to. Not bad, but not exceptional.
2	Very Average buffet in LV, just a step below those found at Bellagio, Planet Hollywood, and Wynn.Look above at my pictures to just to see what kind of offerings they serve during dinner time.  All the usuals are there and the other reviews in this thread speak about most of them.  The prime rib here was very bad and you can tell by the photos above.  The meat was not tender at all and had a weird, unappetizing texture.  The shrimp cocktail, other peeled was very, very cold and almost frozen.  The problem with that is that they set the shrimp on piles of ice instead of a bowl which is surrounded by ice.  Stupid stupid!! The desserts were okay, I really liked the fruit tart but everything else was unmemorable.  Dinner is $18.95 and not worth it unless it's comped or you have free buffet passes.  Definitely go to the spice market at PH, or Wynn for a few bucks more.  It is worth it.
2	Nothing spectacular...we just ate here because we didn't want to venture off too far since we had just arrived.. We arrived to the hotel around 9ish, checked in, dropped off our stuff in our room and headed to the buffet.. It's a pretty small buffet..not much of a selection.. the dessert bar was a bit disappointing, which is what I look forward to at buffets because it's tons of fatty goodness!  Dinner buffet is about 18 something per head.
1	Terrible.  Not even worth writing a review.
4	I am not a "buffet person."  I don't like to eat that much at one sitting.  And in Vegas, I'd rather wasted the calories on alcohol quite frankly.  But after a night of drinking and gambling and making an ass of myself, the waffles, made to order omelets, bountiful coffee, and bacon-bacon-bacon really hit the spot. The servers are sweet here, the line moves fast and it won't break the bank.  And for what it's worth, the breakfast is REALLY good.
3	We went to the Monte Carlo Buffet because it was convenient for our tired aching feet.  The Monday night price is $20.  Buffet had a mix of different ethnic food - small salad bar, mexican, chinese, italian, american, small seafood station serving mainly clams, fried shrimp and cold shrimp.  Prime rib was nicely cooked and tasty.  Tummies too full to sample the made to order pasta station or dessert.  Food was average, nothing special but nothing that made me gag.Our waiter gave us excellent service but that might be because we pre-tripped him $8.00 on the bill when we purchased the buffet.
1	It was free.  But yuck.
2	I'm not really a buffet person too, but I'd say the consensus around my party who I dined with was pretty much mediocre.  Also, they had the WORST pizza I've ever tasted here.  Now that's saying something.  Desserts were sub par too.  My husband really liked the pasta he had made, but other than that, just so-so experience.
3	For one of the lesser known buffets, this one was pretty decent. For a little over twenty dollars, I stuffed myself with shrimp, clams, prime rib, pizza, salad and tons of other side dishes, as well as the really good and not-too-delicate desserts. Sadly I can't remember everything I ate, but I remember being quite satisfied. As much as I missed my smoked salmon, king crab legs and such, it gave me the much-needed sustenance to carry on with my blackjack until 6 am. the best part of it all was the wait was no longer than 5 minutes!
3	My friends and I went down for breakfast one of the nights we stayed there.  The only main reason we went was that the room owners got these 2 for 1 coupons with their rooms.  The food was okay, better than a Home Town Buffet, but not really comparable to other hotel ones.  But then we only paid 7 dollars each and for that price I can't complain too much.
3	The venue is physically as attractive as the Monte Carlo itself. Service (from floor staff as well as the chefs) was good as expected, but the food was squarely average, as good as an Old Country Buffet. Unless you have a buffet pass (we didn't have any, unfortunately), it definitely is not worth the price of admission (around $15, for something that's really worth $7). Beside the decent pasta bar and the salad bar (c'mon IT'S JUST SALAD), their pizza was blah, somewhat overcooked, and the asian selections (Chinese and perhaps Japanese-influenced items) were pretty tasteless. The chicken and prime rib were scarily dry.If buffets are your thing, hit up the Bellagio buffet - it costs a lot more, but you get SO much more.
2	The buffet is big and has a lot of choices. The problem is that literally everything on the buffet was bland. It was like eating the box from a leftover pizza. It was a bit expensive for not much flavor at all.There's not much else that I can say about it.
3	Dining at the Monte Carlo buffet was better than I initially anticipated.  Upon first impression, this is your typical expectation of a standard Las Vegas buffet.  The cuisine was sufficiently diverse, American, Italian, Mexican, and Steak.  There was also a small sushi area.  The only aspect that set this buffet out from the others that I have experienced in Vegas was the service.  Our server was very attentive, and extremely professional, without being overbearing or intrusive.  That is why I am rating this place with 3 stars.  If I had friends staying at the Monte Carlo again, I would suggest this place.  Prices are average, $20 per person for dinner.  Overall, this buffet is good.
3	I went there for breakfast even though I knew I wasn't going to be able to chow down like I would at a normal buffet, because I was still redicuously stuffed from the night before.  The omlet station was great as is with most breakfast buffets.  They had a wide assortment of breakfast items, nothing really out of the norm.  All the food I had tasted fresh and not like some places where you can tell it has been sitting under the lamps forever.
2	Came to eat here before leaving for the airport for a quick meal.  $20 per person for a Sunday brunch.  The food was below average and my customized omelette looked pretty but didn't taste too great.  I did enjoy the rib roast as my favorite item.  Our server was attentive to refills as I asked him for apple juice, coffee, and a mimosa as well that time.  We gave him a huge tip.
3	Just like the rest of the casino. Not great, not bad. Came for lunch and we got comp'd for the buffet so maybe that helped it taste better, haha. The mac n cheese and made to order cheesesteaks were probably their best items.
2	I only eat here because of the free package discounts I get with my stay at the Monte Carlo.Anything with rice is to be avoided.  Now being a true Asian, having my own rice cooker and such, I've learned the finer things to rice.  Ok, maybe I'm not Asian on the outside, but the rice is terrible.Anything that should be crispy is going to be a let down.The flavor profiles are terrible on most of the menu items.What should you get if you do come here?  The fruits, cocktail shrimp, desserts, and anything made-to-order, which usually consists of the pasta items and the "Mongolian" grill.  I'm not used to having udon or yakisoba in my bbq, but what the hell, it was still the best thing I had there.The service is usually sub-par unless you get lucky, which is probably about the same odds as winning at the slots.If you can, skip this place unless you get the free meals.  There are, by far, better places to eat.
2	I compare this place to Hometown Buffet, and what sucks is that hometown might be better! This is the one place that I am tempted to give 1-star for the reason that I would not want to eat here. The reason? The low quality food!I do not plan on coming back here to eat. McDonalds it will be!
4	I'm gonna go out on a limb and give Monte Carlo Buffet its much deserved 4 stars.   First of all, its a F'in Buffet.  People put so much criticism on buffets like the food supposed to be fine dining? Get over it!  It sits out there so you can get some and come back for more....Just like a cafeteria?!?!So giving this spot 4 stars comes from not thinking it was gonna be any good, but surprised me.  First of all, the had a Philly Cheesesteak station serving up fresh Philly Cheesesteaks! Come on, the Wynn Buffet doesn't even have that!  The Ghetto Connoisseur approves.Dessert was decent, Fried Chicken was tasty, craving station was good, and the salad had variety.  Got the buffet comped so high 5 all around! The most underrated buffet on the strip for the price. (13 bucks for lunch)
3	From all of the buffet's on the strip I think this is one of the better stocked joints.  We eat at buffet's in vegas like poor alcoholic's drink watered down rubbing alcohol.  In other words one meal of each day in Vegas is inside an "all you can eat" dining establishment (to conserve our money for entertainment & fine dining purposes).  The choices are pretty broad and quality of the food is between a Bob's big boy and an Applebees.  Totally worth the bucks!
1	This buffet rates just above the Circus Circus one. It's the 2nd worst food I have tried at a buffet in Vegas. Circus being the worst. Give yourself a favor, put $10 on a blackjack table. If you win, go eat at MGM across the street. If you lose, McDonalds for you, and you still get a better meal for the same amount of money.Never coming here again. I tried everything that they had. It all sucked. Bad. Except the little pink strawberry desert cup things.
4	What's not to like in a buffet especially during my birthday weekend in Vegas? They have very nice selections, prime rib included! It was worth my $$$ and a good fill-up before a long walk along the strip. Bottomless drinks will not be a bore for me! There goes my diet... LOL
3	There were some things good, somethings bad. The prime rib was the best on the list, along with the bread pudding. Prime rib is one of those things that I like a little rare, so this was perfect. If you're not keen on rare, this is not the place to eat at.I had tickets from the hotel, so eating here was free. It was not bad for free. The chinese food, eh. The sushi, stay away. The pasta, pasta is never good at a buffet. Pizza, same as chinese.. But there were some good sides that made my meal pretty good. Hit and miss, 3 stars, me thinks. Were I a better foody, I wouldn't go to this place. But I'm an average Joe Six-pack and rather liked it.
4	Quality wise, this is probably a 3 star.  But overall value (at least in Vegas) and selection wise, I would say this is a 4 star!We went there for Sunday brunch.  First of all, they *include* champagne in their champagne brunch price $18.99 - where as most other buffets add an additional $5 - $10 for their "champange brunch."  For that price (which I considered on the cheaper side for Vegas), I was surprised to find a large selection of food ranging from crab legs and seafood, to noodles and other asian foods, to an omelet station, and your regular array of breakfast buffet items.And of course, the free flowing champagne is always a plus!  I never thought I was a morning drinker, but it turns out that a mimosa is a perfect way to start off a Sunday!
5	$19.95 champagne brunch on Sundays.  ALL the champagne you can drink whether it be in its purest form or disguised with some vitamin C.  And if you get Ernesto as your waiter, he will keep it comin'.  And even gave us a full plastic cup for the road.And yes, the food wasn't bad either.  Extensive brunch buffett with lots of variation including ethnic foods which I appreciate.  Great bagels and lox, prime rib, omelet bar, pasta bar, delicious desserts.  We sat there for 2 hours, laughed, joked, ate, drank, took photos, and ate and drank some more.  Definitely a highlight of the trip.  Losing 100 bucks in less than 5 minutes after the booze brunch was not.
3	The lunch was pretty good and I loved the desserts. I'm a creme brulee addict (and yet I haven't had it in years).The breakfasts, however, are worth skipping. I was hoping for a fruit salad or some yogurt. Instead there were melons, apples, and whole bananas as well as lots of eggs, meat, potatoes, pancakes, etc. The cream of wheat was pretty horrible and the "eggs benedict" seemed like a microwave-version of what it's supposed to be. That's what I usually order when I go out for breakfast, so I was pretty sad to find a stiff egg blob on top of ham and a biscuit that I couldn't manage to cut with my knife.The service was being served drinks and having them pick up plates... and that was hit or miss. One server stole a ketchup bottle from a table with people sitting there (which I thought was odd) and kept forgetting our drink order (and thinking "tea" was "iced tea"). Another waitress was great. I was kind of happy they never pushed getting beer or mixed drinks with our meals (juice/water/tea/coffee/soda are included in buffet price --- booze costs extra) because I was thinking my parents would give me funny looks if I kept ordering cocktails for breakfast and/or lunch.The buffets got us so full that each day we generally only needed to eat a late breakfast or lunch and then just have small snacks in the room.We ate there a couple times because my parents didn't feel like going to restaurants or going far from the room, so .... this was kind of it. I think my parents liked it more than I did, but.... apparently I'm just pickier than they are?It was about $11.95 for breakfast, $13.95 for lunch, and.... well, I never had dinner there.
2	dont come here for dinner. if anything just come here for brunch. i think their brunch is not bad.. although they dont have that much selection. i wouldnt pay to eat here. all the tiems i've eaten here are for free (a) someone treated me,  (b) complimentary buffet when you stay at the hotel.
3	It was a decent buffet, some things were good and some were not so good. I was here for a sunday dinner and it was sort of worth the price but Monte Carlo in general was just so empty.  The casino floor was empty most of the time the buffet line was not that crowded even at night on a Sunday.  The Prime Rib was really good here and the Chinese station was not that bad. I tried the pizza even and it was ok (no harm done).  Mac  and cheese was pretty good.  I didn't see crab legs when I was there but maybe it was just not there that night. I say check it out only if you really want a variety from other places. THere are alot of other foods choices in Sin City.
2	one of the worst buffets i have had on the strip... slightly cheaper... compared to bellagio and caesar palace... i would definitely pay $5-$10 more for the much better food there...the prime rib is well done... that means no good for meat lovers... all the beef dishes are overcooked... to the degree that its not even edible... or just i have weak jaws to tear it open like a beast...enuf said... i gave it a 2 star even when im coming on comps... it took the lady at the door 5 mins to check my comp... then it took the host another 10 mins before she gets me my soda...
1	Ew.  Biggest waste of money. Ever.The food was crap.  I thought buffets in Vegas were supposed to be great.  Guess not.  Questionable.  It gets one star for having a pasta bar.  But really pasta?  Really?  Ew.It was supposed to be international, but it was all just crap.  The food sucked.
4	Not as pricey as some of the other buffets, however, the variety and taste really impressed me. I'd definitely recommend to others.
2	I tried this place because we were given a coupon and thought we would check out the casino. It was pretty bad - the same as like a hometown buffet. The service was actually pretty good - because we had a cool waiter who chatted it up and made jokes with us. We were in pretty early around 5:30. The only truly good thing was the mac and cheese. Other than that, it was a big let down. The rips were mostly fat, the turkey was dry to the bone, and the tilapia was flavorless. The deep fried shrimp was pretty good..but you can't really mess that up or a salad. The dessert choices were pretty expansive and looked really good. However, the taste was blah. The only good one was the mini pecan pie. I would never come back here..even with a coupon - I ended up only eating a few dollars worth of food.
3	Came here on our last day from partying in Vegas...We came here for the Sunday Champagne Brunch for $19.95. All you can drink champagne...this was reasonable considering the fact that most other Sunday Champagne Brunch buffets about $25 to $35 per person. They had a large selection of different types of food. They had an omelet bar, a pasta bar, prime rib, ham, many different types of bread, crab legs, and all types of desserts, including an extensive selection of breakfast items. I think I had about 5 mimosas that morning before our flight. I was feeling pretty good!! =) I had the chef make me a pesto pasta, which had way too much sauce. It was delicious, after I had poured probably half a cup of sauce out. Overall the food was mediocre. The quality is good, but not great. The waitstaff did make sure that we always had enough champagne...so that was a plus!
3	We tried out the Monte Carlo Buffet on a Saturday morning during their "Champagne Brunch". In my opinion the $18.95/person price was pretty reasonable, all you can drink Champagne/Mimosas and a decent selection of food is a lot cheaper than other similar buffets. My bf was thrilled that there was crab legs and shrimp, he said they were pretty good! There was also an omelette bar, fresh sliced ham and beef of some type. The breakfast foods (pancakes, french toast, waffles, scrambled eggs) were pretty good, nothing crazy fancy. Our waitress was SUPER nice and attentive, which you don't always encounter at a buffet. I'd say for the price, this is a good deal, but if you're looking for a higher end all around dining experience, you might want to venture elsewhere.
3	It looks like this buffet is one of the cheaper ones off the strip. We made it just in time for breakfast, so we got the cheaper prices $13. Yeah I got to have a cheese omelet. Yum! The food was decent, not like the best ever, but edible. Staff were really nice here. Liked the clouds on the ceiling, so pretty.
4	Reasonable mid priced buffet during the lunch hour. Went there with friends for lunch. Pretty good quality. Made to order cheesesteaks were a surprise to see at a buffet and were quite tasty. The desserts were also very good. Nice service and a good selection of food, even prime rib in the carved meat section. Smaller and less flashy than other Las Vegas buffets, but it was a nice casual dining experience.
5	Dinner Buffet:As far as buffets go this was great and very veggie friendly. I am giving this 5 stars simply because of the large selection of fresh fruits and vegetables. I loaded my plate with fresh veggies (which I topped with the Mexican section sides to make a mini taco salad sin carne), and broccolini, etc. The chocolate cake was also delish. Overall I was really glad to see veggie options. The curry and sushi were great, but the chinese rice and lo mein were so not worth the calories. I didnt even get to try to make your own pasta or make your own mongolian grill stations. I would definitely go back here.
3	Maybe i am just a sucker for buffet, but i like this place. It isnt the best i've had. They dont have a Seafood section, just some fried shrimp, and clams and fish (cooked), which are good nuff for me, considering the price. It is $18.95 sat-thru dinner, which is more reasonable than other hotel buffets in vegas. Friday night is Seafood night, but i've never been. my Fave items here are: Prime Rib (fill up on these), roasted potato with cream sprinkled on top, basil cream rotellini. The sushi is decent (spicy tuna being the best) and they have a "make your own pasta" Station, for the picky eaters, about 40 different dessert (chocolate mousse cake is best). and the ribs, while tender, has a little funk on the sauce. It's borderline Chinese BBQ pork-ish. They should stick to one. A cross between regular Kansas city BBQ sauce and hoisin based sauce isnt that great on the palate.Nothing much to complain about. Not too many people know about this place, so it is never crowded the 3 times I've gone (i go to vegas quite a bit my friends). Service is ok. And place is huge, so you will be seated :)
4	Beautiful casino with super buffet!!! This is one of my old hang-out spots (we moved out of the area). Gorgeous interior casino with a ceiling covered in pretty bright lights; no dingy dive type of atmosphere here. The buffet is great with wonderfully large Italian dinner plates! Every meal is super - I'm partial to the lunch buffet. Vast selection of meat dishes (I'm a total carnivore) and a wide variety of desserts. Well-priced with a clean happy atmosphere; good, friendly staff and well-conditioned for patrons whom want to stay awhile and eat slowly. P.S. don't forget to visit the excellent food court and the lavish retail stores! Highly recommended!!!!
4	why do i like this place so much?  I hate buffet's, despise them, but i love me some of this shit.  I dont get the meat or seafood but i do get pastries and eggs and bagels and salad and fruit. the cheese blintz are yum and they have ice cream. Yes! I like this place to say the least. It's clean and the service is nice.
5	I think this is the best buffet in vegas so far. This place actually makes it fresh and is cleaner than most of places, Their buffets are 20 which is not bad after a hang over. I think they have coupons on the street sometimes you can get. Other than great customer service. Have FUn
4	I have always been a fan of this Buffet, and I've been to my share of them. I have to say overall this is the best on the strip, as least for me. Everything is freshly made and talk about selection.. This place means buffet, You can choose from anything from your choice of freshly prepared pasta, to made to order omelette's, Chinese food, choice of seafood-crab legs, scallops, shrimp, crawl fish. A delicious carving section of meats and of course for those who eat salads, a large selection of veggies and greens, all you can drink Mimosas and to top it off an assortment of desserts, all for a reasonable price of $18.95 per person, brunch is less.
1	Absolutely inferior buffet! It is surprising to me that an MGM owned casino can have such a crappy buffet. I guess that after having the Wynn's and Bellagio's buffet before has made my palette more demanding? The food was either too dry, too salty, too greasy or not fresh. I had to literally stop after half a plate of food and just went to the salad bar to make a caesar salad for myself. Luckily for me, I had a $75 food comp for myself and some family so all we had to shell out was a few bucks. This is the first and definitely the last time I will visit this buffet.
3	Let me just cut to the point here - it's a mid-to-low end buffet.   The price is quite reasonable for what it is - all the not that bad but not that great food that you can eat.The pluses: besdies the price, there is rarely a line and you can get in and out pretty fast. Breakfast is usually better than dinner.  The traditional breakfast dishes are pretty good.  For dinner, the prime rib and fried shrimp were the best bets, the desserts sub-par even for a lower end buffet, and everything else about what you would expect.If you want a truely memeorable buffet experience go elsewhere (say, the Bellagio).  But if you are staying or playing at the Monte Carlo and want a quick, inexpensive meal that's at least a little better than fast food this is a good choice. Otherwise, well, you may be better off looking elsewhere.
2	Went for dinner on Sat.  Cost around $19.  Not much of a selection for the price.  The catfish in the Mexican section was tasty.  Very limited salad bar.  OK dessert selections.  The bread pudding was acceptable.  The only highlight was a stir fry station where they made stir fry to order.  Definitely overpriced for what you get.
3	I went here on a Sunday night and paid $20.50. Since it's the Monte Carlo, I wasn't expecting much. This buffet is supposed to be a lower end buffet and shouldn't be held up to same standards as other buffets like the one at the Bellagio.First thing I noticed: Holy crap, these are huge plates. I mean they're about the width of a keyboard. I kid you not. You almost feel guilty about filling the entire plate with food and looking like a glutton.When I was there, they had prime rib, some roasted chicken, and some other meats which I can't remember since I didn't have any.They also had a fajita bar with some really fresh looking ingredients (cheese, diced tomatoes, diced onions, green peppers, etc.) and fajita steaks in there but since I'm from California where I can eat decent Mexican food any freaking day, I avoided it. There's the usual culprits: a salad bar comparable to a Sizzler salad bar in the kind of items they offer, some seafood selections ( no fresh cocktail shrimp, just some fried shrimp and cocktail sauce, some kind of fish - i think it was cod marinated in something - and I don't remember what else). There's a decent dessert selection: cookies, creme brulee, cupcakes, and so on.)Service was decent but since I only ate one plate (it's a huge plate, I didn't ask for a drink refill.
3	Let's Be Honest.This is a Buffet.  LV used to be known for Buffets... those days are long gone.  Vegas isn't a 6.99 primerib and lobster town anymore.  it's a resort town.  And Buffets are places you should avoid.  but what the hey.  they are easily accessible, so why not go to one just for kicks.  Monte carlo is a mediocre hotel.  and the buffet is mediocre.  i mean, you get what you pay for.  this is not the wynn or the bellagio.   They had the LV buffet staples (region themed buffet) with tons of selection but not that great on the quality.You are getting exactly what you pay for.Would I come here again.  Yes.  If i stay at this hotel again and have another 2 for 1 coupon, i would definitely stay here again.
3	It's worth getting the buffet if you pay an extra 5 bucks for the all you can drink champagne brunch. The french toast is awesome, pancakes and other breakfast items are good, but the rest of the hot food falls flat. Which is disappointing because Vegas used to have the bomb buffet breakfasts - what happened to that?
1	I think the only reason Monte Carlo has a buffet is because every other casino has one. With that being said, I have to urge anyone who reads this to please stay away from this place. This is almost like the wicked forgotten "man in the iron mask" eating place in the casino. For starters, the buffet lacks variety and just as bad is the taste. Either really salty or really old. I really think the staff there like to see customers unhappy or thinking that they should have forked over an extra ten bucks for the Wynn buffet. The food is almost Sizzler like and when I asked for a thick slice of medium rare prime rib, I was given a slice thin slice outer crust. I'm still fuming over this.
2	I have a rule that I will go to just one buffet each time I visit Vegas.  That rule had to be overturned on my recent trip.Here I was headed to the Wynn when my friend called to ask me to meet her and some other folks at the Monte Carlo buffet.  She said she picked it because it was close to where I was staying...next to New York, New York.  After some hesitation, I opted...to be more social.  Doh!  Okay, so the company was cool.  But honestly I was surprised at how mediocre this buffet was!At $20 for dinner, you'd be wiser to go elsewhere.  Sure there's prime rib, but it's only okay and the overall selection of items is quite limited.  No crab legs or shrimp cocktail.  There's a taco bar and some prepared "Asian" food, none of which I touched.  A lot of stuff looked greasy or oily.  The desserts weren't interesting either - mostly cakes, cookies and puff pastry type things.  There's soft serve ice cream, but that doesn't begin to salvage the meal.
1	Our original plan was to a steakhouse across the street form our hotel. But when we went to check out of the hotel, the clerk gave us 2 free buffet coupons. It was our last day and we said why not give it a try it's free.  After eating there i felt like it was a waste of room in my stomach.  Food was below average by Vegas standards. You get better food at Old Country Buffet.
4	+ONLY $20.00 for dinner menu!!awesome variety mexican/american/asianloved their mashed potatoes and mac n cheesethe desserts were well portioned -our server wasn't very nice, and by the time we were all done our table was super messy because she hardly came around to pick up any plates. she was also very sloppy when refilling our drinks. ...maybe she was just having a bad day?
3	My friends and I landed in Las Vegas by 8am and headed straight towards the buffet of our hotel.  I just love how my friend is sucha gambaholic/highroller, that Monte Carlos keeps comping him rooms =) $35 all day buffet passes to the Monte Carlo Buffet??? ohhh yeahhh,..I'm not sure if it was me,. or if I have just been to so many buffets, but this buffet was BLEHHH?!  The good thing about the buffet is we decided to purchase the $35 all day pass which covered food for the day. YES THAT IS IT!The food that was provided was toOo original,.. I had the typical omelet ( two thumbs up for the omelet bar in the morning, the man who made my omelet did a great job!), bacon, sausages, hash browns, french toast for brunch.  The best part of brunch was the all you can drink champagne :)Dinner was a basic meal that included rice, some type of fish and some veggies,.. they also had a pasta bar which was pretty awesome, also a section for chinese food and a section for dessert. But there was nothing about dinner that stood out; I wish they had crab legs or something errr,.. or even a wider variety of seafood?This place reminded me of my college dining hall, esp the food that was served x_XAlso, the bus boys/ladies,. just came around once to take our drink orders and never came back to refill our drinks nor pick up our dirty dishes.  If you're looking for some good service,. this "dining hall" isn't for you!
4	This buffet was well done. If you like pasta, this is your place! They have a make your own pasta station.I also liked the salad bar (broccoli, cucumbers, cherry tomatoes).If you like fresh fruit, they have clean cut watermelon, cantalope, and honeydew. They also had apples, oranges, and bananas.Finally, they had my favorite cake - chocolate cake with white icing. Also good were the mini red velvet cake and carrot cake bites!On the downside, the pizza was below average.
3	Part of my online special here got us a 2-for-1 coupon for the buffet. Oddly enough, my gf has never eaten at one before. I love to eat. This was serendipitous, to say the least. Dinner buffet was $19.99, so we both got a filling meal for about $10/ea. They had a great selection of foodstuffs available. From what I can recall: curry chicken, breaded shrimp, pizza, chicken breast, potatoes, duck... and about 37 other items. Naturally, since the point of a buffet is to gorge yourself like a pig, I had 3 plates worth of everything they had to offer. It was awesome. I'm about as far as you can get from a picky eater, so I can't complain about the quality of the food. Look, unless you're paying over $100, you're not going go find a buffet with food that's worthy of 4 or 5 stars. I'm not sure it would have been worth it to spend $20/ea, since my gf is a VERY picky eater and doesn't eat much to begin with, but if you get a coupon along with your stay I'd call this a no-brainer.
2	Read the reviews and knew it wasn't much to expect.  I only stopped by because I had a 2 for 1 coupon.  Boy, was it disappointing.  The food was very poor and nasty looking.  Looked like it has been sitting there for awhile.  I tried the mangolian bbq stuff and waited forever.  The cook was cooking it in slow motion.  Tried a little of everything and everything was just poor poor poor.  They had sushi too but I didn't dare try it.  Don't want to end up with food poisoining.  The only thing I could eat was the salad bar.  I ended up just filling myself up with salads cuz there was nothing else to eat.  The desserts was nothing to write home about except to write a poor Yelp review.  One word to sum up this buffet, disappointing!
2	2nd of my Monte Carlo Buffet reviews that have previously disappeared.  Verrrrrry interesting!But I digress and will recount that on the 28th of June we came here for seafood night and, found it to be not so good, quality wise.  The crab legs that serve as the forefront of any of these seafood night type deals looked like the best parts had been shaved off them and my wife, who loves crab, just looked at it with disgust and moved on.   The other seafood selections weren't too good either with the exception of the Chilean sea bass, which had some good flavor to it.  Mac & cheese was pretty good, but the rest of the food was quite blah.   The buffet as a whole was smallish though they had a pasta bar where you could have it cooked up in much the same was as an omlet bar.Service here was not so nice, with the serving staff making faces as if they hated their job; that is, when we saw them.  We had to ask to get our beverages filled and even when that happened, they I was refilled with plain tea instead of the raspberry tea I had before.  I would have asked to have that replaced but the server had vanished again.
2	Our group decided to do the all day buffet because it was cheap and easy. Maybe we should have saved the stomach aches and long hours on the potty and just spent money on decent food. Well see the foods not that bad.. its just i can't eat three meals of stale food. Breakfast was whateves. Standard stuff but they had fried rice and array of wtf "breakfast" foods out.. Lunch rolled around and low and behold the same exact shit we had for breakfast! They added some fried chicken but that was basically it. Dinner was better but i really can't eat stale food all day. Boo
2	Monte Carlo buffet isn't bad per se it's simply that other buffets are so much better for what you get / pay. The selection is\\was fairly small, the food was OK, no 1 food item really stands out in my mind... cept the watermelon, that was juicy and sweey - but it's pretty sad when you remember something as pedestrian as watermelon at a buffet, ya know?I say scope out Wynn, Bellagio, Paris, RIo and et cetera... much much better.
5	i love this buffet.  ive never paid to go to the wynn or bellagio and probably never will.  ive tried planet hollywoods, luxors, mgm, harrahs, and flamingo and this is the only one ive repeated numerous times.  i usually only enjoy going to buffets during the champagne brunches on the weekend so i can get crab legs and unlimited champagne.  we came here on saturday after checking out of mandalay bay because mandalay did not have crab legs on saturday.  so we went to our old reliable buffet at monte carlo.  it was about a ten minute wait at noon.  i love this brunch.  love the crab legs ate 2 plates worth of those.  sat there for about an hour and a half had a ridiculous amount of champagne.  for a couple years now its pretty much the same buffet on the brunch weekend, which i like.  they have the best fried chicken ever.  i love it so much, and wish i had the recipe for it.  for $19.95 I feel it is the best value buffet.   The wait staff was a bit slow in taking plates but our waitress more than made up for it, as she seemed to give us extra attention because she seemed to like that we weren't being rude to her like other tables.  i don't feel like its fancy food, but i thoroughly enjoy it.   i dont expect as much out of buffets as i feel others do.  if you're a picky eater i dont think going to a buffet is a good idea in the first place.  but this one is always enjoyable and well worth the money on the weekends for brunch.
2	If you are on a budget, and you have the appetite of a preggo, obese lady that hasn't seen food in a couple of hours, then this place will be 'ok' for you. $15 lunch time during the midweek is ok... Stick to the prime rib and the loaded mash potatoes. Everything else is blah
2	Whadya expect for a $15 lunch buffet?? Everything was average from soups to Chinese food, from pizza to pasta, from the fish to desserts, nothing stuck out to me. They do have a "make your own philly cheesesteak station" but I wasn't feeling the philly at the time. Prime rib was ok. I asked for a thin slice which worked out better than the thicker slices.
4	the plan was to eat cheap during our stay to have more money to gamble, so we got the $30 all day pass (and we had a 2 for 1 coupon). We totally enjoyed it... it's not the Rio or Bellagio buffet but it was still good. Prime rib was delish ...pizza was not... for breakfast omelet maker guy was awesome!
2	If you like bland food and bad customer service, this is your place!Nothing special and nothing that stood out as great.  The price is good for mediocre food.  I guess for this price, you can't expect much. Our waiter was unpleasant and when we asked him for coffee, he acted as if we asked for a pint of his blood.  Then he brought the coffee with a nasty attitude.  Next time, I rather pay double at Bellagio than ever eat here again.
4	This buffet has improved considerably over the past couple years. The champagne brunch is only $19.95 per person, but our room came with a 2-for-1 coupon. This deal is usually offered when you book your room through their website, but they don't give you the coupons unless you mention it to the front desk. Kind of shady if you ask me, as I'm sure most people forget.Anyway, the big ticket items include unlimited champagne(!!), crab legs (gross), carving station with roast beef and BACON, omelet station, and sauteed wild mushrooms... maybe not that last one, but they were DELICIOUS and they were the only thing I went back for. The selection is more limited than other buffets, but you're also paying less. However, their offerings are pretty decent.Only thing it was missing was sushi. But this realization came in hindsight.Service here is always great. Friendly waiters and quick refills.
5	Tried the all you can eat all day for $30, and was a great value. Standard buffet food, but it's all fresh, and a great mix of Asian, American, pasta, pizza, salad bar, Mexican, seafood, prime rib, and even sushi. The breakfast was also very good. Servers were very attentive for being a buffet, and everyone was supper friendly.
2	I usually love buffets cause I will eat my money's worth but at Monte Carlo it was just not possible. We were there Thanksgiving night, and didn't feel like driving down the strip to a much better buffet, we opted for the one right downstairs due to convenience. That was a mistake.For Thanksgiving they charged us 24.95 per person and get this, NO SEAFOOD. It was strictly Thanksgiving food. If I was gonna pay that much to eat turkey and mashed potatoes I would've drove to a supermarket and get one. Was it at least good? NO. The turkey was dry. The steak was decent and clam chowder was overly salty.Our waiter barely checked up on us, and I literally had to beg her to refill my drink because it was just that salty. Will I ever come back here again? I'd rather take my money down to Wynn and get some better food.
2	Quite possibly the dullest buffet in Vegas... I'll stick to the Rio and Bellagio.
3	Food is mehh. But, there are going to be a few things that you'll like, and then you can eat as much of those things as you want, right? I would steer clear of the seafood entree items. But at the end of the day i was pretty full, didn't have to wait long in line, and didn't pay a ton. Not too shabby
2	Since my last review, i've gone 2 other times. (yes i go to vegas every other month... don't judge.). Each time, the experience and food had been worse that the time before. I think this would be the last time i visit this buffet. What's next? food poisoning? they used to serve better seafood selection, some sushi, and few shrimp dishes, fish items. The last time i went (weekend of x'mas 2010), there were 2 fish dishes, 1 overcooked shrimp dish (some shrimp in cajun broth), no sushi, and tons of rice selection (dirty rice, spanish rice, white rice, fried rice..).. If i go to buffett, i am not looking to load up on rice, or noodles, or melons. Also, they used to have more than just 2 kinds of soups- this time just potato cheddar (which was one of the best things of the night) and chicken noodle. Prime rib was still served, but on portion control. The slice was so thin, the carver must have thought he was serving pastrami. the prime rib meat was tougher than it was before- but it was still one of the 3 good things available. How sad is that?
3	I can't really complain about a Vegas buffet that only costs $19.95 for DINNER!  Buffet dinner is good for under $20 is good from Sat-Thurs.Of course it is no Wynn buffet, but it does the job.There are two Ready to Made stations where chefs will cook up your customized pasta or mongolian noodles dish.  I ordered a ready to made pasta.  The sauce was a little too much and overpowered the pasta.Desserts aren't anything to ooo and ahhh about either; they are just your typical desserts.  The only thing that really stood out to me was the prime rib.  It was juicy and delicious.  Other than that, nothing really stood out to me, but you get what you pay for.Oh! Did I also mention, there were NO lines when we went!  So, that made my super hungry tummy happy! :)
2	Meh. If you have a 2for1 or some other discount it's o.k., but otherwise not worth it. Food is fair and selection is slim.
1	If I could give just a review without any stars I would. This place was beyond tragic. AND I ATE FOR FREE. Even the fact that it was FREE doesn't merit 1/2 a star. So, I was comped by the hotel for one of their fuck ups to go to their buffet. Maybe it was payback for my complaining, but this place was no apology.   It was Friday night and it was SUPPOSE to be Seafood night. This consisted of a huge pile of FROZEN(not thawed out) crab legs, some left over shrimp, and a few dried out, nasty looking mussell dishes. That was it for the seafood. Oh! I forgot a few grilled goldfish fillets. Nasty! I told my BF not to eat it and that we could go some place else and that I would pay to avoid eating that garbage, but he was trying to be a good guy and save some $. Too bad his ass paid for it later. Literally.He was in the bathroom until our shuttle arrived the next morning to take us to the airport. Yep. Food poisoning. AVOID! AVOID! AVOID! and while you are at it, avoid the Monte CArlo all together. Even if its free.
2	The Good: Mongolian grill and pasta stations. customize your path to obesity, my friends! quality of other food selections was a little better than other buffets in town. try the port-glazed duck with cranberries!The Bad: $25 on New Year's Eve for lunch! and the somewhat depressing quantity of food.The Ugly: very slow service in the middle of the day. I really hoped this was only due to my friend's loud and uncalled-for comment involving pandas, murder, and bestiality...but then I saw other tables getting neglected too.
3	This is a sub-par buffet for Vegas standards, but you do get what you pay for.  I have to admit, I did like the fact that you could pay $35 for an all-day buffet.  Additionally, the food selection is good, but doesn't really change all that much, but again, you get what you pay for.  I would go here again, but for first timers, don't set any expectations and you will not be disappointed.
3	Sunday morning brunch was nice...There's tons of food!  Lot of variety!  We went there planning to have breakfast and the first thing we saw was curry next to shrimp and crab legs.  Once we found the breakfast area, my husband had an omelet from the omelet station and was very happy.  I tried a couple different things.  Everything was statisfactory.  There was all you can drink champagne.  We went there around 9am so it was a little to early for us to start drinking!  :)    Thankfully, we had a 2-for-1 coupon...I think the brunch is somewhere around $20 a person.  Overall, this isn't the most impressive buffet I've been to in Las Vegas.  I enjoyed brunch but will most likely go to the M or Green Valley for a breakfast buffet in the future.
2	For a decent hotel and $20 this place should do a heck of a lot better.I should have walked out the minute I saw the drab decor and ripped seats but I was hungry and tired of walking. Niether the food nor the dessert was tasty. Some of the food was rather dry and the only decent dish was the Mongolian BBQ. Definitely never going back.
4	I've been to this buffet twice and have been pleased both times.  The first time I went was for lunch; the second time was for dinner.  The buffet is not large, but the quality of the food is much better than other buffets that I've tried in Vegas (with the exception of Bellagio).  I also liked the desserts here a bit more than other buffets.
3	Nice selection of food considering the size of the buffet. Food has decent to really good flavor ( depending ). One of the better buffets in my opinion , but i have only been to a few.
4	This is surprisingly a pretty good buffet for the price. It's one of the cheaper buffets on the strip and it's consistently good. Definitely not the buffet to visit if you are only doing one, but not bad. They almost always have some type of barbecue items, mac and cheese, Chinese and Indian food. Sometimes they have a make-your-own pasta bar, Philly cheese steaks and a Mongolian BBQ (my favorite). The dessert is nothing special so plan on filling up on real food.
1	Came here for dinner. Quick seating and low price $20.The atmosphere feels very old-medieval-esque. To my taste, too dull and quiet. Not too many young people either. Mainly middle-aged and on, or small families.My waitress wasn't responsive. Once we had our order of drinks, that was it, she never returned.The food selection is mediocre. Most of the chefs don't smile and seem to growl every time you request something.There's a Mongolian section where you select your vegetables and your meat option. The chef makes the plate of food for you within 5 minutes. But, the leftover food bits from the previous order(s) weren't fully scraped off. Had little black bits throughout my plate. Hate to waste food, but definitely not risking my stomach.Best choice for me was the porkchops. Soft and tasty. Everything else, meh. Even the desserts weren't to par.Very disappointed.
1	Can you give less than one star? The customer is apparently not always right.The staff were friendly enough, but when we questioned the wording on some of their advertising (a promotional special was unclear and suggested that beer and wine were included in the meal, but once we paid and sat down we were told we would have to pay extra), we were approached by the manager (female) who was rude, unappologetic and instantly on the defense. She said we could talk to the director, who was conveniently unavailable and she clearly was in no mood to accomodate us and seemed annoyed that we would even ask.We got a refund and went elsewhere.
3	The buffet is ok, everything was fresh, but it's not a place I would make it a point to go to when I return to Las Vegas. I was there for brunch and there were several breakfast items (eggs, pancakes, fruit, etc), and plenty of lunch items, too. It wasn't very memorable, but the service was good.
1	Never ever .I rather have Dunkin Donats than this buffet.The food selection was poor, i give 1 star for omelet station.Service hmm there was no real service, one unhappy guy drop us drink and he never again come to our table.
2	2 because the service was fine. So far worst buffet in Vegas on the strip. "seafood buffet" $20 crappy. The omelet station was the best part
1	Very poor food, generally overcooked and dried out. Ads mention alot about seafood and the only seafood there on my trip was a completely dried out piece of fish and some very tiny clams.
1	Horrible. I expected the type of food we ate here at state line, or any other of the lower end casinos. Did I say horrible yet? So bad that we vowed to avoid the Monte Carlo Hotel totally from any future visits to Las Vegas. We paid over $60 for dinner for 2, wasted money. Food-shitty Service-shitty Seating process is ridiculous, AVOID THIS PLACE. There is much better eating on and off the strip.
3	It was good for the price compared to the other options around town. I was most excited about the chicken fried steak. It was just like they used to serve in elementary school, which I learned from my fellow diners is a southern thing, as they had no clue what I was talking about.The line was short so that was nice, as we were all hungover and starving.Overall pretty standard buffet... Nothing to write home about.
2	My server was terrible.  I had to wait 17 minutes to even order drinks.  I had already made two trips to the buffet by then.The foods was pretty good, for the most part all hot and fresh.  I particularly enjoyed the cous cous and the carne asada.  They made a good combo for some reason.But the service was completely appalling.  Very lackluster effort.  Server looked as if he had no care in the world.
1	Bad, stay away, most vegetarian unfriendly, they have prime rib and expect evry1 to go gaga over it. Will not set foot in this buffet ever again. The buffet area was dirty and outdated. I made sure they heard me loud and clear.
4	We were fortunate to have had a free buffet each day of our stay, so we were able to try 4 different places.  We only had breakfast here, but it was quite tasty.  Contrary to another review, we had the best service here out of all of the others!  The food was pretty good for buffet food, and there was a decent selection.
1	Horrible. Don't waste your money! All the food was old and tasteless. Spend the extra $10 for the buffet in the Rio.
2	Came here for breakfast on a Monday morning before checking out of the hotel.  Breakfast was free because I had a $20 voucher.  They had your standard breakfast food, eggs, bacon, sausage, pancakes, french toast, etc.  They also had a station where they cooked eggs to order.  Everything was just okay and there was nothing that stood out to me.  Would I come here if I didn't have a voucher, probably not.  It's an okay option if you're staying in the Monte Carlo, but there is much better out there.
3	Mediocre at best. However, if you get the 2 for 1 coupon by staying at NYNY or MC then its definitely worth the price.We paid $18 for the two of us. Considering that the buffet includes drinks, you can't beat that @ Dennys.
3	Not really into buffets but I went to Vegas with the fam and couldn't agree on anything so a buffet it was. More reasonably priced than most buffets ($24 for dinner on a weekend) and has a fairly good selection of food. Almost everything I had tasted good enough. I didn't eat anything too unusual so if you stick with basic things like chicken, salmon, salads and pastas, it's all good. I'm a pretty healthy eater and liked how they had a good variety of vegetable and protein dishes. Dessert was pretty good too. Nothing amazing but it satisfied my sweet tooth. They had a sticky almond cake that I liked a lot. Service was good too. They were quick to bring extra utensils, give refills, and clear dirty dishes. Not bad.
2	We went to this buffet with some friends because we had the complimentary voucher. We upgraded to the unlimited mimosas for a few bucks more, which we were happy to pay. Overall, the food was alright. We were there for the brunch and they had the standard breakfast food, but it was just plain, no real pizazz.However, our server was awful. Yes, we like mimosas. And yes, we like many of them. So please, sir, don't give us a dirty look when we order another round. Seriously, he would be nowhere to be found for long stretches of a time, so when he came to our table, we were ready for more mimosas. And he seriously gave us a dirty look when we asked for another round. He was really rude.Overall, it was just meh. Last year, we had brunch at the Bellagio. Next time, we'll probably do the same. The extra cash is worth it.
1	Do not!! I repeat, do not even think about spending money or time in this sorry excuse of a "Vegas buffet",  it's pathetic, really sorry I ever walked in..The food sucks really bad, the service is nothing to write home about, but the food!!! It trully blows!  There are very few things I regret in life, and trying to eat some of this dry and flavorless crap is on the list of regrets, this  junk made me feel like a total shmuck.. A nobody.. I really enjoy good food, it's what I live for, but this place made me feel depressed.. The waffles taste like an old shoe, the pancakes taste like they were made with recycled cardboard batter, the sausages taste like they have been under the heat for a few days, etc etc...You know what, I really have nothing nice to say about this place..If you bothered coming to Vegas, make sure it's worth it!Go to the buffet at Rio, or you can also try the buffet at the Area, it's really good!So unless you lost your taste buds in a horrific accident, stay away from this dump!!!!!!!!!  You have been warned..
1	Yuck!!!  If I wasn't starving and about to crash from my lean diet, I would have never came here.  1.) the meat is rock hard since its been sitting under the heat lamp for WAY to long.2.) the supposed crab legs didn't even look like crab meat.3.) the servers seemed to be grumpy/hate their job.  (I was thinking hey lady I didn't force you to do this job)4.) the asian ribs were pure fat, not even a trace of meat.I will never come back.  Save your $25 and go to Yolos Mexican Restaurant (especially if you need to keep it lean for the pool scene).
3	Spending time in the monte, and needed some lunch. It was okay. They were just switching to "dinner" so we paid more. Salad bar was good. Probably the most enjoyable part. Food wise, pretty basic. Probably enjoyed the pizza the most. the salmon was ROCK HARD. Lemon chicken was also good. They had a lot of options, but not the best food. Dessert table was good. It was okay - not as good as the buffet in Planet Hollywood. We probably wouldn't go back...
3	Ok as far as Vegas buffets go. Was not busy, but we didn't see our waitress until we were done. The man making omelets was very nice.
3	So I came here for brunch.  The breakfast selection was nice, but the lunch was limited.  Poor variety of choices.  The prime rib I had wasn't that great.  And the desserts are pretty bad.  Maybe the dinner portions are better.  I found enough to sustain myself, but it's definitely on the lower end of the buffet food chain.
4	I'm surprised to see such low scores for this place... I didn't think it was bad at all. I went for dinner, maybe around 6 or 7 (normal people dinner time not vegas dinner time).The food as good. Very fresh and warm... a great variety or mexican, asian, seafood, comfort food, salad bar, dessers, and freshly cut meat. Some of the pasta was a bit dry and hard to get through. I think that the chicken could be juicier or perhaps have some additional sauce on the side to make it easier to swallow... other than that it was all pretty good!The service was a bit on the slow side. We only saw our server maybe 2 or 3 times. She got my dad the wrong drink one time and she actually realized it at the end, out of nowhere and apologized! I guess maybe they were busy and just couldn't be around as much but that's ok I guess...
2	If you are vegetarian you kinda get screwed. We don't normally go to buffets but we had a deal with our Vegas package which included free buffet. We would never pay for this place.We went here for lunch the first day and breakfast the second time.  For a vegetarian I think lunch has a few more options but breakfast was very limited.They had some Indian vegetable dishes but they sure didn't look good and there were no Indian flat breads to eat them with.We did manage to fill our stomach but did not leave satisfied.  The only way I would return was if I had another free buffet voucher.
3	I went to the Friday seafood brunch with a friend. There wasn't a huge selection, but the food they had was really good and our waitress was friendly and attentive she made sure we had enough to drink and that our plates were cleared quickly. It was 20 per person which seemed pretty average for a buffet and actually really decent for a seafood brunch.
2	This is not a place to experience the legendary Las Vegas Buffet.
2	Overpriced, meat selection good, terrible deserts. I'll never go there again.
1	The worst lunch buffet for the price on earth. I think panda express have much better selections. Monte Carlo, extremely disappointed! Breakfast and lunch are exactly the same!
1	OMG, FOOD POISONING!!!!!!!!!!Ate here a week ago and I paid for it in the worse possible way. Everything was mislabeled and the waitress taking our drink orders was incredibly bitter. I didn't force her to work there!Save yourself and go to the Bellagio or Paris buffets. Now, THOSE are amazing buffets.
2	Probably the worst buffet I've eaten at in Vegas. Lots of options, but none of them very appealing. Desserts looked nicer than they tasted (I think the best things were the key lime tartlets and the strawberry shortcake - everything else I tried wasn't worth the calories). Saving grace was the crab legs (weekends only?) but if I'd known all I would eat was crab I would have forked over extra for the Rio seafood buffet.They get two stars instead of one because the staff was so nice - our waitress was really on top of things despite the fact that she was the only one servicing the entire room. Kitchen staff seemed kind and observant too - I burned myself picking up a serving spoon and they noticed and immediately came over to replace the utensil (and position it correctly so it didn't get too hot). Should have checked Yelp before we decided to eat here : p
1	I rarely write a review; however, cannot resist the temptation after a horrible experience here. First of all, the food vs price is incomparably unjustified. I took my wife and kids there, paid close to $100 for 4 people, and the food quality was unbearable. The fish felt rubbery, the shrimp was not fresh at all, the crab leg had too much salt in it. ALL OF THEM ARE FROZEN FOOD, and felt like cooked by a high school student. I felt very bad during the entire dinner and felt like asking my money back the whole time.In addition, the server was horrible, our drink was all empty and i had to ask for a water refill for my kids, and he didnt even bother to ask me for a refill. My wife and i had to survive the whole experience with 1 glass of drink. I lost my appetite already and didnt even bother to ask for refill.They charge $25 for adult, my advise, pay more for Wicked Spoon at Cosmopolitan, or try Le Village at Paris. DO NOT EAT in this restaurant. This restaurant has just made it into the top of my worst restaurant to eat list.
1	Worst buffet I have ever had in Vegas in 33 years. Manager Gertie G came to our table i complained about the cold food. He ran away talked to the chef.. came back and said try again. Totally useless.
4	For its price, Buffet at Monte Carlo is well worth its price. The selection of food, as well as its quality, is competitive.
1	So, so, so very very gross. Do not eat here, even if it's free. And if it is free, sell it to some idiot for $5.
1	Ewww! Never again! We went in for breakfast because we had a voucher for two free buffet tickets. How can you screw up breakfast?! My husband and I left totally nauseous.
1	Mediocre food. The best thing was probably the mashed potatoes. Chicken was dry and rubbery. Fish had a funny smell. Meat was average. Most things were too salty. Dessert was pretty good compared to the main food. Staff was average. Make the trip across the street to PH or Paris.
4	Not bad buffet. Got omellets that a cook will cook it for you yum. :)
3	It was decent.  Pretty solid buffet.  Helps that it was free with our stay here.
2	Made a mistake picking this place over Studio B Buffet located in the M Resort.I convinced my boyfriend to try a different buffet that still offered crab legs. The reviews fooled me. We went around 11:30 on a Monday morning and there were NO CRAB LEGS!!! We decided to stay for an hour and hoped they would switch to lunch buffet, but they only had brunch items out. SAD. Maybe because it wasn't a weekend?Despite of the disappointment, I'm giving Monte Carlo Buffet 2 stars because of our nice server.
2	This buffet isn't cheap. They have an "every day brunch" gimmick that drives the price of a breakfast buffet, with beverage and tip, over $20.The food isn't at all impressive. I liked their hash browned and O'Brien potato variations. I also enjoyed the bread pudding, but that was about it. Other than the potatoes and bread pudding, there is nothing of very good quality at this buffet. So, it seems to be all about eating massive quantities of mediocrity.For my taste, most of the food lacked flavor. There were some items that were downright wrong. An example of this was the chilaquiles, which were terrible and tasted of vinegar. Much of the food showed evidence of long holding times. A lot of the food was lukewarm or dry, and the eggs were watery.The service wasn't particularly attentive, either. Perhaps there is no motivation to provide good service since diners pay in advance and are encouraged to tip then.Because I was at a conference at the Monte Carlo, I ended up going to this buffet twice on a recent trip to Las Vegas. I won't be back: the restaurants in the hotel's food court are better options.
3	Decent moderately-priced buffet. We were staying at this hotel and on our last day thought we'd buy the 'all day' buffet pass, just to keep things simple. That day, we really only ate here for breakfast and dinner.Breakfast was satisfying. The omelet station was great, and I found enough to fill my plate and please my palate. Nothing overly memorable, but decent food, decent price. Dinner was, as I remember, less than satisfying. Everything just tasted rather mediocre, and the choices didn't seem very plentiful.I'd recommend this place for a breakfast buffet, but I'd suggest another venue for dinner. Breakfast was good, but I left after dinner still a little hungry.... which is highly abnormal for me when it comes to buffets.
4	Came down for a late breakfast. Waitress completely ignored us the whole time but the hostess had fallen in love with our baby so she took care of us. Awesome food, everything I tried was really good!
4	I read the other reviews so I wasn't expecting much but it was convenient since I was staying in the hotel. The breakfast food was actually really good with a great mix of lunch type food. Service was mediocre.
4	it's a buffet people...   We only ate there for breakfast twice and it was satisfactory. They had all the breakfasty items one would want for breakfast, eggs made differerent ways,sausage, bacon, potatoes made a couple of different wasy,  they also had an Asian station which had good choices for a lunch and a spanish station for breakfast.  Everything was good except I had mandarin chicken and the sauce was to salty for me and I'm normally not to picky. For a buffet the price was fine. Our servers were very nice and our old plate was always gone when we got back with our second plate.
1	Gross food. Everything was overcooked and flavorless. Spend the extra $3 and go to the Aria buffet instead
4	Good eating buffet: After eating a few soso buffets we found this place to be really good for the price. Me and my lady really enjoyed most all of the food on it. i had the prime rib and it was rare & tasty the way ilike it. My girl had the salmon and truly enjoyed it. We both liked the desserts also but didn't have a lot of room the tummy to eat. This place was very clean and all the wait staff was very friendly. I highly suggest this buffet as we would go back again.
1	We came with a group and the group wanted a buffet.  I suggested the buffet at the Paris or Aria.  We were staying at  the Monte Carlo and the others bought the all day buffet pass.    We didn't as this buffet had weak reviews.    We did agree to join the group for dinner at the buffet after all we came to Vegas to see each other and it would be easy to see every one while eating.  This buffet was aweful- the food was half a step above Hometown Buffet...no real selection, no seafood to rave about, the meat was cold, the veggies were cold, the salads boring, the cheeses aweful....even my lemonade tasted nasty....worst of all  there were no desserts that tempted me to break my diet....it was a waste of good money...never again.
2	For 21.99 each I wouldn't have expected better food.  Half of it was cold to luke warm.  The mashed potatoes were incredible, though.  So that's one plus.  But I wouldn't suggest this place.  Too expensive for the $$
4	Moderatly priced. $20 for lunch $26 for dinner.  We went for lunch and was surprised at how good the food tasted.  It's kind of a small buffet compared to others on the strip, but the quality of the food is all fresh.  They have a pasta bar where its cooked fresh, salads fresh, and a lot of other good selections.  Lots of fresh fancy made to order desserts. Worth the price.
1	If i could give a zero i would. HORRIBLE HORRIBLE~! Worst buffet i have ever had in my life! Doggie chow would taste better than the food here!Dont count on getting any drink refills. The servers are slow and dont seem to care about their jobs. STAY AWAY FROM THIS BUFFET!
1	We only came here because we had 2 free all day buffet passes. Monte Carlo's buffet doesn't have much of a variety, which is ok if the food is good, but all I have to say is that the food sucks. Even the dessert! (And how can you mess up dessert??)Don't come here without a free meal pass. Price is definitely not worth it.
1	First of all i'm not a big fan of buffet, i tried it because we got a $50 credit for staying here at Monte Carlo in Las Vegas and my friend wanted it so I gave it a chance. Decent taste and There wasn't enough variety of food, service wasn't that great either. so it still doesn't change my mind about buffet.
2	The food is mediocre and some are even sub par. The crab legs were good, so were the shrimps. Other than those, everything else was meh. However, they have a bottomless mimosa deal for $29. That includes the buffet, unlimited mimosas, & taxes. It's not a bad price for Vegas.
1	Are you kidding? Why would you pay for the food they serve here? Do not waste your money or even your comps for this resto. Rated this 1 star since Yelp would not let you rate 0 stars. Use your comps or pay for the buffet at another mgm property. The best item I had was a glass of milk.
3	Better than some buffets we have been to here in Vegas for dinner. Enjoyed the mushroom ravioli. Would have been better if crab legs were hot. They do slice them in half for you though. Oh and the orange dessert in a glass is a creamsicle and yummy!
1	Ever leave a buffet still hungry?  I am going to have to agree unanimously with my fellow yelpers and say that this is not something you will want to add to your "to-do" list.    My group and I went to the Big Belly Buffet after a long night out on the town, and we were hoping to save some money with our $50 food credit.  Luckily, there was no wait, but looking back that was probably a good indication of how popular their buffet is.  I began with the refried beans, spanish rice, and fajitas.  As soon as I scooped a good amount of fajitas on my plate, I noticed a long black hair.  I showed it to one of the chefs, and he simply took my plate and threw it out.  Problem solved?  So, I started again with just refried beans and spanish rice.  They had potato wedges, Thanksgiving sides, sushi, crab legs, a meat carving area, and some other dishes.  Total, I would say there were maybe six stations of food.    For dessert, you can either have frozen yogurt (pumpkin or vanilla) with no toppings, or some other little baked goods.  I opted for the cheesecake bar and cupcake.  The bad news is that the cupcake was so dry, I couldn't even put my fork through it.  The frosting was hard as a rock and it tasted like perfume.  The good news is that I had the amazing cheesecake to wash the taste of the cupcake out of my mouth.    I guess my expectations are a little higher since I have been to some of the other Vegas buffets where they can make a custom omelette for their guests.  But, between the hair in the fajitas and the lack of variety, I would say this buffet is not worth the food credit.
5	We were in Las Vegas over Memorial Day weekend, and a lot of the casino buffets were plagued by long lines. Monte Carlo's buffet never had a long line, which could have been a bad sign. Thankfully, the food and service matched the value of the price. Our server always brought us refills, and she was really sweet and talkative. The food was also delicious comfort food. The prime rib was tender. The sides were tasty. The desserts were good. If I stayed at Monte Carlo again, I would definitely go back.
2	I should have read the Yelp Reviews first.Gets two stars instead of one because the price is decent and the servers are nice.  Other than that, take my advice, spend a few more dollars and enjoy one of the other many scrumptious buffets Vegas has to offer.  This place was basically overpriced cafeteria food.  Blech.
3	We pay $30.00 per person to get fast food type buffet, Not even the coffee was good......Most of food sucksss, But i give then 3 stars because is a very clean place.
1	After a four hour drive from California to Las Vegas, we went to the Big Belly Buffet  to eat. The interior of the buffet was beautiful but that was pretty much it.I got nachos, potato au gratin, corned beef hash, seafood pasta, and macaroni and cheese. The nachos can't even be considered nachos. They were so soggy and mushy. The corned beef hash was dry, with the texture of bread crumbs. The potato au gratin was the only good thing I ate in the entire buffet. The macaroni and cheese tasted like the ones that come in the Kraft boxes except with more cheese added. The seafood pasta was decent, kind of spicy.While I was walking around to get all that food, I noticed that there was a lot of dessert so I was looking forward to it after a disappointing dinner. I only took one bite of each dessert, which kind of goes to show how good it was. I left this buffet still hungry, which is never a good thing. For 7 people it was $153 (one child) which is cheap for a buffet in Las Vegas. Overall, I give this place one star. If you're hungry, walk around the Strip or just go to Starbucks/ food court
3	I'll keep it brief, we came here on our 2nd day in Vegas, on my firs trip to Vegas, we spend 30 bucks for a buffet that was a few steps above Golden Corral (where you pay $12) the only reason why i gave it 3 stars was because we won half of our money back in the casino before we left.
1	Front Customer Service Cashier was rude. I was staying there at the Monte Carlo and just checked out and acted like I found the buffet coupon on the floor.Food was pretty lousy. Bland and not well made in my opinion. Nothing I would ever consider coming back for.Stay away and try things off the strip. Stay clear of The Buffet unless its free, but even though they say free you have to pay tax on free. All the low marks on yelp are accurate. Not a good hotel to stay, just stay clear the customer service sucks.
1	Came here on a Saturday for brunch. The food was not very good and the selection was not appealing to me. The clams in butter still had sand in them.I guess this place is not so bad if you're only eating crab legs and prime rib. However, the crab legs are really small and the prime rib  was okay. I took the last piece and they did not really bring it back until 30 min/hour later.Service was slow.Overall, a waste of money. I am glad I went to Tix4Tonight to get a good deal for this place.
4	With my two-night stay, I received two Big Belly Cafe vouchers, to be used at Monte Carlo or any of the other connected hotels.  However, they were only good for breakfast/brunch.  But that was good enough for me.  I chose to use my tickets for the Big Belly both days at breakfast.  No lines, perfect.  Polite and friendly service personnel, check.I liked this place not just because of the food, but it is located deep away from the casino floor where you aren't inhaling smoke with your meal.  Everything in here is easy to get to. Drink dispensers are situated away from the food lines, which is smart.  My hostess even made a few suggestions on how to navigate the place and it made for a better experience.  The food was excellent, nice choices of typical breakfast items.  It also offered cultural food that I would not consider for breakfast, but others might.  And my wait staff didn't act like they were in a bad mood like some buffets, where you can see in their faces that they are not happy to be there.Good experience here.
1	Quite forgettable, at least I hope I forget about it. There's better food at an employee cafeteria with an atmosphere comparable to that. Very little selection and what was there was dry.  Not everything was awful; some items were good but not good enough to justify the effort of going there again.  There are so many great buffets in Vegas; this wouldn't make the top 1000.
3	3.5 star.Weekend lunch buffet is $8 plus tax (from half price tix. You pay $2 per person service fee or some sort of fee). Pretty good. You get a variety of brunch items. The buffet is perhaps one of the smallest buffets in town. But the quality was pretty good to me. There was no service so you get your own water and soda.There was a line when I was there. But once I walked inside, over half of all of the tables were empty. There was not any reason to hold a bunch people in line and have them wait over for like 5 minutes. I didn't really understand that part.
2	I didn't pay for this, it was comp'd.  I'm a baller like that.  I walked up to the cashier and she said, quite rudely "you're Katie??????"  I answered with a confident "I AM."  I guess when you see a 29 yr old girl alone in a buffet line at 9am with a free voucher, it's questionable but I didn't let that deter me.Even the beverages are self serve here.  I guess you tip the wait staff for taking away your plates. They at least do that adequately.  I wasn't offered champagne and wasn't sure it was an option until the table across from me got a bottle.  I would've at least appreciated the choice.  Speaking of choice, I really should discuss the food.  I had 3 plates and finished with soft serve ice cream.  After taking a small bite out of each item, I managed to lose my appetite.   My plate-taker-awayer must've been confused at the plates he was taking away as they were all barely touched.  There were even "crab legs" that weren't memorable. As a fat girl who jumps at the chance for free food, this is not acceptable.  I filled up on Diet Pepsi (why is it impossible to get a Diet Coke in Vegas??) coffee, ginger from the sushi bar and melted soft serve.  I understand when you put cobbler in the bottom of the bowl, or if the bowl is warm, the ice cream will melt.  My bowl was cold and the ice cream was soup by the time I returned to my table.I remember going to the Excalibur buffet as a youngster and my family getting out of line because it was so repulsive looking.  It was like that scene in "Vegas Vacation" where Cousin Eddie takes them to the buffet.  That being said, The Big Belly Buffet is leaps and bounds above that status... but in a city of Wicked Spoons and Bacchanals, your money is best spent elsewhere.Again, it was free.  C'est la vie.
1	Nightmare. Not worth it even it's cheap.
3	The location is nice, very moderate up scale look, during my stay at Monte Carlo i did not see any long line ever to go in.Like the star rating says this place was A-OK, the food was just ok. A lot of the variety of the food just did not mix well. The place looks big like with diffrent varietys of food, but in reality its the same food on one side on the other, on some spots they just pile a big section of just one type of food, for example a huge section for bread, lettuce and fries. The breakfast section was TOO small and not much variety. I liked the shrimp and fruit pile they had in the middle, so if you are a shrimp or fruit lover you would enjoy that. The food did make me and my boyfriend have upset stomachs after, he liked the food a lot but did not like the after feeling of it. I thought the food was ok, not delicious or not gross. But i too had an upset tummy after. So i dont if it was just us or the place.Its not a horrible place, i recommend it for families, kids seemed to love that place and the price was not expensive at all compared to other buffets in Las Vegas.
2	Very weak for a Vegas casino buffet. Went on a Tuesday night. The selection was small and the food was cafeteria quality.
3	It's definitely cheaper than other buffets out there, but it's by no means a bad buffet. Give it a try before you jump to conclusions!
2	Just ok. Thought the meat sauce smelled like Dr Ballard. Taco bar was nice though.
4	Monte Carlo must read Yelp because our experience at their buffet was very good and we were very happy with the quality of the food we got there. We got an all-day pass and went three times during slow periods. The food was hot, good, and the selection was pretty good although stable -- it didn't change up much for dinner, though they added some good steak and turkey options.
1	There are too many great buffets at the same price to go to the Monte Carlo.  The problem is that their menu is uninspired (it's a carbon copy of any Hometown Buffet), and the meat is just awful.  I took a piece of rare sirloin steak and just gave up after 2-3 mins of trying to cut it.  The prime rib was dry and flavorless, and the pork chops tasted microwaved.  I basically filled up on rice and pork dumplings from the Asian section.  When you go to the Monte Carlo's buffet, you'll never, ever see a line.  There are plenty of empty booths, and no line for the food either.Now, I don't like lines.  But think about it: there is no line *for a very good reason.*You can do better.  Go somewhere else.  For $14.99, this would be a fair deal.  For $22.99, it's the biggest ripoff in Vegas.
1	Probably one of the smaller buffets on the strip. We were disappointed by the lack of food and of the food quality.  It is priced the same as some of the more upscale and larger buffets.....go to those!
5	You know what?  This place is not bad!  Normally I would have given 3.5 stars but this place deserves a higher rating then what it has. We've eaten at the Bellagio the past 2 days and that place is fantastic. I read the reviews for this buffet and even though we are staying at the Monte Carlo, I didn't consider going. But, like I said, we've eaten at the Bellagio the past 2 days. I needed cheap!  And I was very surprised!!  Not the same but had really good fried chicken and a decent selection. There was this chocolate thing...I am going to be dreaming about it for years to come...that was hands down, by far, the most delicious, exquisite piece of chocolate concoction I have ever had. It's a small circle with a fancy chocolate squiggly thing on top that will have me coming back for more!
3	For the price, this turned out to be a decent place.  I was pleasantly surprised.  We ate on a Friday night, and I believe the cost was about $29/person.  Weekdays are only $25/person, but I'm not sure if weekends have more choices or if it's just a higher weekend price.  Regardless, the vibe is pretty much a little bit more than cafeteria.  That's not necessarily a complaint, since it's one of the less expensive Strip buffets.  You get your own soft drinks from the drink station, so there's no sitting around with an empty glass.  I did like how there was a soda water option.  Fill your glass with that, squeeze in a lemon, and it's quite refreshing.  Especially when you have come in from 109 degrees outside!  The buffet area didn't look very large.  However, when I started going through the choices, I realized it was actually pretty extensive.  Not much atmosphere - items are identified via a grease pencil description written on the glass - so just focus on the food itself.  What to say about the food?  Man, it's really hard to do for a full buffet.  Well, let me just say that everything I tried was well-prepared.  It wasn't dry or "sitting out" looking.  Flavor was decent.  I enjoyed the food.  I didn't leave raving, but I did leave satisfied.  And for a fairly affordable buffet on the Strip, that's all I needed.
4	Bought discounted tickets at tickets4tonight! Breakfast was only $9.99 for each of us! Everything was good! Temperatures were right on as well! French toast didn't look as good as Bellagio's breakfast buffet but it tasted better!! SELF SERVE DRINKS which is awesome, I had Orange juice, made some Iced green tea, and had a bit of coffee (which was a bit watered down imo) The only thing this place lacks is a better fruit selection, but I will definitely go here again!!! Oh and good bagels, with a toaster and a few different cream cheese options RAD! And I tried my husbands hot chocolate and it was delish!
1	Eats: Breakfast BuffetFood: You do get choices of breakfast and lunch items. The waffle was more on the soggy side. The oatmeal was super watery, and the orange juice was watered down. Also, it would be helpful if they labeled all their items.Note: Drinks are self-service.Service: The lady at the cashier was quite cranky. In our party, some of us had a complimentary breakfast included in our package. There was great confusion for those who didn't have the meal comped. Why can't we pay for the meal right now? Do you need our room number still?Bottom line: Save your money, and go eat elsewhere.
2	2 stars and that's just for their omelette station. The rest is blah. For the price that they charge, go somewhere else!
1	I should have known that something was wrong when on the 4th of July the line for the brunch at 10 am was only 6 people long.  Then it only took 10 minutes to reach the cashier, good thing I was only a little hungry, but going without my coffee is a different story!So anyway I finally get seated when I realize that for $26 dollars the brunch consist of another line to have an omolette fixed for you.  I didn't feel like waiting so I went for the basic scrambled eggs. At least they where cooked well.  So I went to look for some meat and a startch, Most of the pans where empty which made no since to me especially since I didn't see that many people eating.  There where more people standing in line for omolettes than in the rest of the place. Long story short, its a big price to pay for a mediocre breakfast and they expect you to tip the server, when in fact they do nothing more than bus your table.  Drinks are self serve as well.  The coffee is from a machine, not even fresh brewed.  If the price was reasonable I would return, but for that price I definitely think there should be more meat choices, egg choices and maybe even some nice pastries, not just something out of a box. I won't go back, unless its free.
4	I don't think it was as bad as most of the reviews. I actually liked that it was brunch. There was alot of breakfast choices. You can get omelettes or eggs made the way you want. Then they had French toast, waffles, pancakes, bacon and alot if other stuff. I was impressed by the breakfast then the other foods. There was not a large variety for lunch foods or desserts.
3	The buffet was alright. The night we went they didn't have anything spectacular out, just your normal run of the mill buffet items.  We went to the dinner buffet, the trick is to go early about 5:00-5:30 other wise you will be waiting for up to 2 hours for a seat.  (This is true for almost all Vegas restaurants). It was $26.99 per person.  This is a bit steep for me, but that was an average price for buffets in Vegas.
1	Horrible dont go there.  Food was salty, cold and for what they offer extremely overpriced.
1	We definitely should have gone to the treasure island buffet! Me and the fam were waiting in line for like about an hour and there were only about 5 people in front of us. We finally get in, and they had nothing good to choose from! Everything I got was cold and dry, we didn't go back for seconds! Not just that but the waiter never asked us what we wanted to drink, he just passed by our table, we had to literally stand up and ask him. The desserts were ok, nothing special, the reason they get one star is because there ribs were delicious but other than that, I do not recommend this buffet.
2	I would not recommend this buffet. We had a 2 for 1 for dinner and that is why we tried it. I won't go back.
3	Who doesn't like "FREE"  food! meh regular!
3	It's been awhile since I've eaten at Monte Carlo's buffet. It's on the smaller side and there's less options. However, the staff is really efficient, quick to ask if you need refills and are really friendly. 3 stars because sometimes the food here is just sitting out for too long. You know when it gets kind of cold and just sad looking? That happens to food that doesn't get touched. The food that are rotated out regularly and replaced are pretty good. I would go back only if it's the beginning of either brunch or dinner. I don't think I want to return in the middle.
1	Get your own drinks!!!!! Very disappointed!! Not worth the money... Didn't bother to go to the buffet line twice.
2	Such a sad sad buffet.  I shouldn't have gone to Caesar's palace's buffet before coming here. The Monte Carlo buffet is small, has less to choose from, is low quality and over-priced.  I can't believe they charge $30 something. There was one person a head of me in line, unlike the 1 hour line I had to wait in for Caesar's palace's buffet.  I hate waiting in lines, but the length of the line just tells you how good the place is. I came for brunch, so they had both breakfast and lunch food out. I had to make 3 trips around the buffet before I could SETTLE on something to eat.  The orange juice was more like water and the scrambled eggs were super runny.  I've had better eggs at motels. It's not worth coming here, unless you get a free voucher with your hotel stay.
2	Nothing special about this buffet.  Not much selection and the food was just alright.  Usually at buffet if the food was good I would be excited to go back for seconds.  Not this one.  After the first plate, I didn't really feel like getting another one but decided to just because it's a buffet after all.   If you're looking for a large selection of food to choose from and want to try gourmet dishes and fancy desserts, this is not the place for you.
2	Vegas buffet what could go wrong?  To be honest I wasn't expecting much out of this location.  But this place managed to lower my expectations even lower.So we went to the buffet Sunday afternoon around noon for brunch.  For a table of 12 we were seated very quickly.  The buffet was about 24 dollars a person, with an m life players card you save 3 dollars.  So there was almost no one there at the buffet when we got there.  Hardly any lines to get food plenty of open tables.  The food at the buffet was sub par at best.  Being a Vegas buffet I expected much more.  Brunch items included your typical breakfast items.  scrambled eggs, pancake, waffles, french toast, bacon, sausage, and cereal.   Lunch items included roast beef, ham, fried chicken, BBQ chicken, crab legs, assorted California rolls, and some random Chinese stuff.  They also have really big gailan with oyster sauce.  The food was edible but not very palatable.  It didn't leave in in wow and i needed to rush back to get another serving.  If anything after the first plate going back felt like a daunting task.  It became more of what have i not tried hoping to find some hidden buffet delicacy among the vast selection.  My search for that one saving dish came to an end pretty quickly as i found myself eating less and less of what was available.  Even the crab legs were not enough to bring me back for a second trip.  The crab was fairly dry and tasteless.  Didn't have the sweetness you would normally associate with crab legs.  Dessert was the last hope of salvaging the buffet experience here.  The dessert was really nothing special.  The rice crispy treats were very stale, the eclairs were bleh, the tiramisu type dessert was fairly unappetizing, and the creme without the brule was ok at best.  Summary:No wait, but not that good of a buffet, save your money and go to the food court or get table service at one of the other resturants.
1	I would give it a zero star if I could...This place is so sad compared to Bacchanal Buffet at Caesars Palace. I usually like to take pictures of foods I eat but this place is just too disappointing and a waste of my camera battery. We came here for breakfast and the only thing I enjoyed was the omelet station, bowl of frosted flakes cereal and the bread pudding. Everything else was either bland, greasy and presentation of food was horrible- It didn't look fresh to me at all. I saw a fly landed on a chocolate moose dessert and was totally disgusted. The waiter was clumsy. She collected a plate of food thinking we were done when my friend went to the drink station. Just spend an extra $10 to bacchanal breakfast buffet and save yourself from a potential trip to the ER from food poisoning.
2	I'll start out by saying the food at this buffet was worse than at my college dining hall at St. John's.  However, I love low quality processed food, so it was edible for me but not really worth 17 bucks for lunch.  Me and my GF came here 2 days removed from Bacchanal Buffet at Caesars Palace and there really is no comparison.  Pay the extra ten bucks and go there.  Pros:- The food was unlimited because it was a buffet- They had hot chocolate- The fact that they had a taco station (Just the fact, not the actual tacos)- The home fries were aight- They had a nice omlette station, however they were cracking eggs - they had a massive bag of egg mix that looked just like the one from my college dorm days.Cons:- The atmosphere - staff always seems disinterested- The eggs tasted very very processed and artificial.  If you're going to a breakfast buffet you want legit eggs.- Exited about rice and beans but it was disgusting, rice wasn't very hot- The food just tasted bad- Massive diarrhea afterAll in all, the food is edible but not worth the time and money when you only have limited meals in Vegas.
1	Yuck!!  We went in a Monday night, paid $23.99 when it was supposed to be $21.99 not a big deal if the food was good.  I was pretty bummed, food was cold, potatoes were crunchy, ribs tasted like rubber, sushi had stale rice.  The only thing good was the fried rice and soda.  Everything else was awful, totally a hometown buffet place.  Ick, never again!
3	Located inside the Monte Carlo Casino, The Buffet has a $16.99 brunch buffet special when you use your M-Life Card (points card) which entitles you to a $3 discount (originally 19.99).  This place is quite nice, very spacious, our server was very helpful, and polite!Keep in mind they do have all-day buffet specials ranging from $35-42 which entitles you to brunch and dinner.  The food is about a 4/5, lots of variety from american, chinese, mexican foods, to breakfastLike most american buffets, they have a fountain drink/ coffee area where you can help yourself.  As I've said before, I am not a big fan of buffets due to its questionable freshness, but it was a splendid experience.
1	Lets see.. my first and last time to Monte Carlo's buffet was 2009 (see previous review) and now I am back. I was here in september for a friend's wedding and last minute decision meal, we decided to just eat here. after 4 years and some remodeling, I would expect some improvements. NOPE what the heck!!?? why is it so bad?! Okay, maybe i'm exaggerating but for the price I paid, c'mon, i'd rather pay less and eat at Excalibur or something . The price was mid price and I expect at least decent food, but my gosh, this is like the same ranking as Excalibur, Circus Circus' buffets.. if that's the case, I think they need to rethink the pricing per person for a buffet meal. It is not worth the money. Sure i wasn't expecting Bellagio or the Wynn style... but i thought this would be the same class as Mirage's buffet. I'm paying $24, i think i should get FRESH food. not cafeteria food. Actually this is like Hometown status, but with a touchy of fancy because they have seafood. Not much variety to begin with. The snow crabs looked scary (meaning it didn't look fresh at all). Nothing look fresh to be honest. Self serve beverage, fine.. whatever, that's minor detail and i don't mind getting my own beverage. The desserts were not appetizing and the rice krispies were stale! c'mon! such a simple dessert and it is stale?! this review is to remind myself and my friends to NOT eat here again. if we decided to make last minute decisions again, i rather eat McDonalds than to pay extra and get crappy buffet food.
1	Run.  Run quickly over to NYNY and get a slice of pizza rather than waste your money here.  Hubby and I got a deal thru tix4tonight and decided to try this buffet.  Mistake.  I didn't think it was possible to mess up mashed potatoes-HA....they did.  Disgusting.   I'm not one to waste food but I cannot eat this.Run away guys.  I am still at the table while writing this, that's how vested I am in saving in you from repeating our mistake.
4	I don't know for everyone else's standards, but I like their buffet and I'm not too picky about buffets here.I came back several times and I like the selection of food they have when compared to Aria. One of the things that makes this buffet stand out is that you don't have to wait for your drink, they have the soda machines available to the guests to serve themselves with, this enhanced my experience at the Monte Carlo buffet.From what I'm seeing from other thoughts, this explains as to the buffet being slow with not a lot of guests waiting, that's a plus for everyone on waiting times. Even though the interior isn't as fancy, but the place makes it up for me with the selections they have and the fountains to get your drinks yourself.
4	Received a discount from a ticket booth we bought tickets to peepshow later that night. We paid $30 for 2 adult dinners and drinks. Not sure how the normal rates are but $15 per person is a steal for a prime rib buffet.The range of food was great too. The only problem is it was too freaking cold in there. It's actually a good way from keeping people from staying and over eating. Maybe bring a lite jacket if you plan on getting your money's worth?
1	So many great buffets and restaurants on the strip, don't waste your time with this one.  Variety is good, but quality is not.  Wouldn't go back.
1	My husband and I had comps to use at this Casino for food and beverage, so we decided to stop by The Buffet in the morning before catching our flight. For the record - We both LOOOOOOOOOVE buffets! Wynn, Wicked Spoon, Aria buffet - Yes, please!We cannot say that we love this particular buffet. One thing we liked is that the drinks are self serve there. It's nice not having to rely on someone to bring you a drink in a timely manner, etc. As far as the good goes: Meh. The buffet was not as big as most other large casino buffets, and the variety was not very good. Except for the eggs/omelettes that were cooked per request in front of you, the food was overly processed, congealed, hard, dry, stale.... not so good. The fresh fruit was the best thing on the menu that morning. I tried a variety of dishes, as did my husband. Many of the food items could have been good, but it's like they half as*ed it, almost. There was 'coffee cake' there, but it was more like flavorless dry bread/cake with brown food coloring swirled through the top half. No taste of cinnamon, no brown sugar evident anywhere... a real impostor. The mac and cheese looked old, dry, and shriveled. The desserts looked extremely factory made, so much so that even though I am a sugar fiend, I didn't try most of them. It says a LOT when my husband and I, who NEVER EVER turn down copious amounts of food, walked through the entire buffet without being tempted by a single thing. Based on looks alone, we weren't interested. That's never happened before. I love Twinkies, after all. I love Ding Dongs. I love lamp. The point is, we had to work hard to put anything on our plates, and then when we sat down, we each about 2.5 bites worth of the items. IF that. This buffet may have better offerings on weekends or during the Sunday brunch, but yesterday, Wednesday morning, it was nothing for them to be proud of.That's all I have to say about that.P.S. Neither my husband nor I are overweight, despite our frequent buffet outings. Calories don't count in Vegas. Let that be a lesson to you!
1	The food isn't all that great and after paying $51.00 for dinner you would've thought we could've gotten a better selection. DONT COME TO THIS ONE! Go to the Mandalay bay you'll get more for your money. Wicked Spoon is excellent and the atmosphere is the best.
2	During our last visit to Las Vegas, our hotel stay in the Monte Carlo Hotel and Casino included a meal a day for free at the Buffet. We figured, free food is always good food. Normal price for adults brunch is $18, served from 7am until 3pm Mondays through Thursdays. On Fridays, Saturdays and Sundays, the times are the same but the price is a bit higher. The price per adult is $22(brunch), which mean that the husband and I saved ourselves some money here. Dinner is served from 3pm until 10 Fridays, Saturdays and Sundays. Dinner comes at the cost of $24 per person (dinner).We did experience one brunch and one dinner buffet (dinner on Friday, brunch on Saturday) Dinner:-Prime rib- it was ok. It didn't taste that great and the horse radish wasn't radishy.-Mexican rice- not bad. It was good with the beef with sauce that they had. I ate that together to give it more flavor since the beef with the sauce was a bit on the salty side. -I did not try the pizza but the lady seating in the table near us had a slice and I saw her take a bite. That poor slice of pizza was hard as a rock. She even tapped it on her plate and it didn't even brake. She came over and nicely informed me to stay away from the pizza because it's "hard". -Pasta- it seemed like it was sitting out there for too long since it was on the dry side BUT it was probably the tastiest thing I ate during dinner.-Mozzarella and tomatoes- none were good or tasted fresh   -Loaded potatoes- delicious!Dinner experience: 4/10Brunch:-Their omelette station is great!! Ham, bacon, cheese, veggies, etc. The guy making the omelettes during our visit was genuinely nice and seemed happy to be working. He had a tip jar near his station and with that, we did tip him. -Pastries were a bit on the hard side. Not very fresh.  -Fruits are sweet, fresh and not too shabby. -Coffee- It surprise me that it was fresh and hot. I had no trouble getting more or them running out of it. -Potatoes were super good!-French toast- nothing special, not sweet or fluffy. It wasn't hard though so that was good. Brunch experience: 8/10 (the omelette saved it!!)Las Vegas has plenty of different buffets and restaurants of all ranges of prices to eat at. The particular buffet is pretty limited to what they have and the food is def not the best. I would say it's at a diner quality. If we did not get comp for the meals there because of our stay, I wouldn't have eaten there. This place needs lots of work in making it more inviting (colors are dull and decorations are kinda boring) and maybe a bit more on customer service since all the hostess' weren't the friendliest. I didn't go back for any seconds at all being that I wasn't tempted or wowed by any of the food here.
4	I'm a bit surprised the reviews are this low for the Buffet at Monte Carlo.  We went for brunch on a Friday, and were pleasantly surprised with the taste, variety, and decor.We walked in, and it was not that busy at about 12:30, which honestly was a bit concerning.  At this buffet, you do get your own drinks, only the plates are cleared by the attendants.  M Life Members get $3.00 off the price of the buffet.They were changing a lot of dishes during our visit, and we were very happy with the variety.  Everything we had tasted delicious, was well stocked, warm, appealing to the eye, a wonderful variety.We truly had no complaints.  We also went to two other buffets during this trip and one of them was horrible, so we do know how to judge food.  Also, as compared to many buffets, the decor was bright, the dining room was clean, and there was plenty of space in this buffet.
4	We had a voucher for a free buffet everyday for any of the MGM resorts, which we used at Monte Carlo because we were usually too hungover or tired to walk elsewhere for lunch.  For having the free voucher, I was pleased with the food: prime rib, ham, mac & cheese, mashed potatoes, and the deserts.  I was not dissatisfied with any of the foods I tried, but I also didn't get too creative with what I was eating, I just needed hangover food.  However, I could only eat 1 plate of food and for the price of the buffet I would say you don't get your money's worth unless you're getting it for free.
1	Just like other review stated, the food is like cafe food, dry prime rib, bad sushi, drinks taste bad and they charge extra. Fruit selection are limited and quality are bad. Dessert not good. Snow crab legs are ok, but quantity are limited. Ice cream is the soft serve and taste not good either. for the price, I think people should go to other places instead. I think giving the one star is very generous already.
2	Not worth it. Spend a little more and go to a much better buffet.Many great options in Vegas!
3	So, you may say that a buffet is a buffet, is a buffet.  Which of course, if you know Las Vegas, this is not true.  However, the Monte Carlo Buffet falls right into the category of an average take-it-or-leave-it buffet.Average decor, average service, average food....  If a buffet could be compared to any color in the massive spectrum of color, it would fall right in the "beige" category.  If a buffet could be compared to music, it would be in the "Kenny G" category - safe, but not exciting.  This is the "OC" of buffets, if you will - a neutral toned house, with a minivan in the driveway.  Good, but not memorable.One thing that I actually like about this buffet is that you get your own drinks.  Now, I realize that many who are reading this review right now are scoffing at their computer screens and saying to me "Sugar Shane!  How can you think this is a POSITIVE?  I need my drinks SERVED!"  Well call me crazy, but I'm one of those people who likes to mix their sodas or juices together.  Plus you can have as much or as little as you want.  Their selection of beverages was good too.  One of the things I really appreciated about this buffet too, was the fact that they had cabbage rolls.  (I love cabbage rolls, and haven't found many buffets that carry them.  They are good too!)  So, there were a couple of things here and there that were different and tasty (including their small chocolate desserts that were rich and delicious!!!)  The rest of the food was on par with any other typical buffet, but I was a little disappointed with the rotation of the food (they ran out of mac and cheese, and when asked if there was more they said "no").  Also, I went to get some frozen yogurt from the machine, only to find out they didn't have any cups, only cones - and no toppings.....yawn.......I am getting sleepy just thinking about this place.    SUGGESTIONS:  Sometimes the Monte Carlo will offer this buffet for free, with a stay at the hotel.  Otherwise, there are better buffets on the strip.  If it's free, why not?!  Just be prepared to say "M'eh....."
5	this buffet wasnt as elaborate as some of the others but the service was great and they had a nice selection(see my photos).
2	This buffet was just OK.  As far as buffets IN GENERAL go, it was alright.  If it were a cafeteria, it would be pretty awesome.  Drinks are self serve (sodas, coffee, tea, hot chocolate, etc.).  Nice variety of hot and cold dishes.  There's a Mexican station, a Chinese station, salad station, dessert station, etc. And TONS of cold shrimp.  During brunch, they cook omelets to order.  During dinner, it looked liked they cooked pasta to order, but no one was there when we were there - but we were there pretty late, close to closing.However, as we are in Vegas, we need to compare apples to apples.  In which case, as far as VEGAS BUFFETS go, this was just OK (and that's being generous).  On the positive side, the staff was very pleasant, the meal ($60 voucher/day) came with the room, obviously it was convenient, and FREE. There were some very good dishes (bread pudding, apple/chicken sausage, etc.)  On the negative side, there was no consistency in the quality of the food, and frankly there were a fair amount of dried out items that should have been removed immediately. Although there were some good dishes, as I mentioned, the rest was hit-and-miss (mostly miss).  As far as FREE MEALS go, I have absolutely no complaints.  If I had PAID for this (around $20 for brunch and $30 for dinner), I'd be PISSED.  If you want a much better buffet experience, check out the buffet at Caesar's (but be prepared to spend a bit more $$).
3	I tried this buffet and was excited to give it a try. There is large selection of food. Just the tables and floor was not clean. Was little expensive.
2	This was my second Vegas buffet and the food was alright. However, this was not as good as my first Vegas buffet which was at More the Buffet in the Luxor Hotel. That buffet (More) had a larger selection of food and it was so good I ate an enormous amount and waited at my table until I had a little space in my stomach so I could eat more. I didn't have that urge to do that this time at the Monte Carlo buffet. I ate a plate and returned for seconds but was full and left. Considering the price at MC was about $32 for Luxor's $19, I was surprised that MC buffet was not as good. They didn't even have any kind of dinner roll. The shrimp was bland. It was just like a cafeteria - I was underwhelmed. To their credit they had an expansive dessert selection but not really anything that I was interested in. The staff was very good - always sure to clear our table of empty plates to make room for more.
4	This food is amazing for a buffet! The selection is very adequate and if anything there was just too much to choose from. We went here twice during our stay, once for brunch and then for dinner one night. Both times we had excellent meals. The only thing that I can complain about is that my pancakes were a little over cooked and too dry. Other than that, I just ate too much. I would suggest going here instead of the cafe for breakfast. We paid about the same over there and didn't have as much to choose from.
4	After not finding any eateries that interest all 4 of us we decided to check out Monte Carlo.  I didn't expect dinner buffet on a Saturday night in Monte Carlo would be $27 a person.  This is the only buffet that I know of that lets you get your own drinks- soda, milk, coffee, tea, and water. Food is quite diverse but many items were too salty.  However for the price, we weren't complaining much.  We've had $80 buffet (and drinks were not included) in Vegas and the food variety and taste were only slightly better than this place.
4	Guys! This Place is RENOVATED!!!I have never been to the old buffet at Monte Carlos. But, I know for a fact that they recently RENOVATED their buffet last year.I even recorded a full steady HD tour of the Newly Renovated Big Belly Buffet or you guys can type "Renovated Big Belly Buffet" The video was recorded during dinner time.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1D9v-rDoQI0The new look. looks pretty modern and upscale. In this buffet, instead of the server bringing you drink, there is a self-served fountain bar.The buffet is somewhat small but has plenty of good food to choose far. I wish it was a bit bigger though. I am not a picky eater, but I can say that I did enjoy the food. As I always, if you guys want to see how the new renovated buffet looks like, check out the video I recorded below before making your decision to dine here or nothttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1D9v-rDoQI0
1	This is absolutely the worst meal i had in Vegas. I play my vegas app and got a free buffet and decided to try with friends. After eating Wicked Spoon, and Bachannal, Bouchon, Holsteins, etc. i decided to come here. I had very low expectations and boy were my expectations astronomically too high. We were in and out in about 15minutes and were unable to finish anything.The meat tasted like i just licked salt off a cardboard box.Would recommend eating almost anywhere in Vegas but here
1	I have the MyVegas app and decided to use my points to get a free buffet from this location. I thought to myself, whatever its a free meal. I literally went in expecting nothing but they someone still found a way to disappoint me. I can say that was some of the worst food I've ever eaten. I would never eat here again, not even for free. Don't waste your MyVegas reward points here and certainly do not pay to eat here.
1	I was bummed once I grabbed my plate and could see how small the buffet area really was. From the front it looked nice inside and it looked like everyone was enjoying their food. After standing in a slow line and paying $15 for a bottle of champagne with my brunch, we explored the buffet. The food was less then average, similar to a local buffet for 7.99 in my home town. Most of us tried to find something we liked and ended up staying with safe food choices like toast and mac n cheese. Just go elsewhere and pay roughly the same for much better food.
1	It is awful   Do not go here   The quality of meat is like shoe leather   Way overpriced for the qualityThe buffet at the Monte Carlo Hotel - Las Vegas
1	I wish I could give this negative stars. The ambiance was like a chuckle cheese mixed with a sad retirement home. The food was so bland and looked so gross I wanted to leave the second we arrived. They had a lot of choices, I'll give you that... But the food and drinks were mcdonalds status. They didn't have proper orange juice or coffee, it comes out of a machine. The servers were nice... I feel bad for the chefs having to cook this bs though. The presentation, taste, and ambiance gives this place a negative 40000. I feel like I caught a minor infection even stepping in the place. Save your money and go grab a mc muffin!
3	The Buffet at Monte Carlo was pretty decent for brunch.  The price was right as we got this free from the MyVegas game on the Facebook.  I might have felt differently had I paid.  The food was decent, not spectacular, but not bad.  My favorite thing was an amazing olive plate with a selection of olives and roasted garlic... SO delicious.  I posted a photo!  I also enjoyed dessert here... there was a tiny little chocolate ganache-y looking thing that was sort of like chocolate spoon cake and DELICIOUS.  Those two items were highlights for me. I also, personally LIKE having a drink station because I can't count how many times I've been at a buffet wishing someone would bring me a drink.  Plus you have some mixology options... I made a delish half hot chocolate half coffee drink.  YUM.I don't know that I'd come back here if I'm actually paying, but I won't say to stay away or anything.  The only weird thing is that such a nice hotel has such a mediocre buffet.
1	This buffet was the worst buffet I have ever eaten at. The hotel needs to invest in all new chefs all the food is really bad! I never complain when I go out but I did here and all five of us got a refund.
3	This buffet is not competing with the buffets at Aria, Wynn, and Caesars. If you think you are going to get king crab and lamb for the price of $23.99, think again. If you want to pay $40.00-$50.00 per person for dinner, go to those locations. The food here is basic buffet selections. There was no line here and they seated us quickly near the self serve drink machines. Since we were here on a Tuesday around 7:00PM, I was surprised to see the buffet nearly empty. They sat us in a booth near another group I guess so we wouldn't feel like the only people in the joint. They seemed to enjoy taking pictures of the back of my head. I hope the reflection didn't blind them.I didn't see any snow crab or shrimp or any seafood other than salmon. They had a New York roast which I rescued with helpings of horseradish. They had a good amount of veggies ranging from green beans to curried veggies along with pastas and various types of salads. The desert selection was very limited.The staff here did an excellent job clearing the table and the seating areas were very clean. Even the guy that stepped on my mom's foot was very friendly. This isn't a destination buffet, but if you want to save some money and just need some fuel for your belly, you might like it.
1	This place sucked balls !!!! Couldn't find 1 thing I liked . I should've listened to my bro , he told right after he ate here he shit his pants literally !! I have a feeling it might happen to me ... It's worse than hometown buffet I recommend going anywhere else..
2	Tasted worst than a college dorm cafeteria. UC Davis has a better eating experience than this buffet. Limited selection and undercooked meat.
4	We went for brunch on a Tuesday afternoon and the food was pretty good. It was only 17.99 per person which is cheap for a buffet. Don't except steak or anything extraordinary. Just expect to leave completely satisfied. The crepes were amazing. And there was no wait and they sat us by the drinks. Would definitely recommend this to anyone who hasn't been to a buffet.
1	Absolutely no service, had to to find our own extra napkins, ketchup, and hot sauce. A server never came by our table, we put our dirty plates on the table next to us. Also the food was ok at best, next time I'll save $10 and get better food and service and the Orleans buffet.
3	Slightly betters than average buffet. There seems to be quite a few good dishes and I like the self serve drink station. There aren't many outstanding items here....and are a few that are not that good (or couldn't tell because dish had been sitting out too long and food was 'hard/over cooked'). Service was friendly and efficient. Probably would have been 4 stars except we are comparing vs other buffets in Vegas, so only 3 stars.
1	Way over priced for the selections. Paid $29.99/person. Prime rib was cold and tough to chew, onion rings were soggy, mussels pasta was too salty, etc.  Overall taste was bad. Very disappointed.
5	We loved this buffet.  We went for brunch and there was something for the entire family.  We only wish we had found it earlier in our trip.  We paid $2 for a 50 percent of coupon at the half price show tickets stands.  Highly recommended for the value and quality food choices.
5	really liked this buffet super humongous variety of different foods. NO complains at all. The breakfast portion of the buffet is awesome they have a make your own omelette where the chef makes right in front of you. That was another PRO about this place all the food is being made in front of you. will be back to this tasty place.
1	This was the most disgusting buffet I've ever experienced. I'm actually sick in my room from this place and I hardly are anything. Nothing was fresh. Everything probably came out of a microwave. Terrible brunch.
4	You need to buy the 50% off meal ticket from the las vegas vendors in order to make any trip to this buffet worth the money.I think going for breakfast/lunch is a lot more worth it. I like the custom omelette station a lot, and there are a lot of different meats and vegetables available. There's also a small taco bar, cuts of prime rib, and a large dessert section. On Fridays-Sundays, I believe the prices increase but they also might serve something different, like seafood (crab, shrimp, smoke salmon, etc.).
4	Me and my boyfriend stayed at the monte carlo hotel and they gave us 2 free complimentary breakfast buffet woth our stay! Thats awesome! So on our last day before checking out, we came here to have some breakfast! Why not! Its free! And OmG! I just love buffets my eyes just widens! The staffs were all friendly and nice. Omg they didbt just swrve breakfast they had other food also! They charge us for bunch. I didbt notice how many different food there was for breakfast. ..im so glad! I decided to try a breakfast buffet. It was awesome. Overall we got full off 2 plates...the hasbrown potatoes, pancakes, eggs, sausgaes, omg ...there was muffins, cereals, ice cream...donuts! Bomb definitely would stay at monte carlo again for this free buffet visit! Thanks $
2	Very average buffet and a bit expensive for the quality of food. Its about $30 per person on the weekend. The food variety is average for a Vegas buffet althiugh nothing to write home about.
1	I am a seasoned buffet vet and this was the worst buffet I have ever eaten at in Vegas.  We went for brunch and it was so sad.
1	garbage....dont spend a penny here.yur better off ordering room service.
1	This deserves a one star review and I'll explain why. Had two free buffets for staying at NY NY. After reading Yelp reviews of the MGM buffet and this one, I decided on this cause the reviews overall seemed better. I have no idea what others were thinking. Before I get into the food, let me explain a reason why this should get one star. I was at the taco station and already filled my plate. Behind the counter an employee was wiping the counter with a towel. Great. But then she took the spoon out of the rice, wiped it with the same cloth, and put it back in!! The food was so bland. It didn't even look appealing to begin with. As I walked around to figure out what I would eat, I couldn't help but laugh. The buffet was that bad. Instead of signs to show what the food item is, it's written on glass and very hard to read. There was a "bread bar" which is a fancy sounding way it describing your basic dinner rolls. There were sandwiches that I didn't try cause I figured it'd be dry. I hoped the soft serve ice cream would be good at least but it had zero vanilla flavor. It was just cold. I looked around at people eating and thought I hoped they didn't actually pay money for this. They probably did. Total for two was $38. If I had to pay for this buffet i would give it zero stars. The Golden Corral is better. The local Chinese buffet in my city is better. Even if next time we can eat for free, I'll skip it and save my appetite for something else.If you decided to try it, don't say you weren't warned.
2	The food was ok.  Average selection. Dessert bar was horrible.  I couldn't find one dessert that was flour less except blue or green jell-o.  The one thing that looked like I might eat it had peanut butter!  Ok so.. I know I'm probably harder to please because I am gluten free and nut free but really?  No creme brulee ? Or flan?  Come on!! The selection of other food was very international.  Obviously the dessert chef is lacking in imagination.   We went because we bought a voucher for a two for one buffet.  So glad we didn't pay full price.
1	With so many "voted best buffet in vegas" signs all around, I can assure you - stay away from Monte Carlo "The Buffet."  It is terrible and not worth it - even if it is only $17.99 (as opposed to $30-50 buffets elsewhere).When I got there at 3:30 pm, it was supposedly the dinner menu (I even double checked with one of the waiters).  To my dismay, there was no prime rib, no sirloin/steak, no seafood. The one star goes to their amazingly moist rotisserie chicken. But who goes to eat chicken at a buffet??  Not worth the $18.  If they did have any sort of beef, it was not memorable.  The dessert selection was so awful; I took a small bite of what I thought would be good and was done.  No ice cream!! They do have a salad bar and a couple soups.  There were two different "chicken soups" when I last visited: one was sweet like carrots and the other was way to salty (even after diluting with water).  They do have a drink fountain, and you get drinks by yourself. The waiters are there to clear your tables.  But even at that, they didn't clear much of our table until plates were piling up and we were done..Restrooms are just outside the buffet.  You have to leave the buffet and come back in through the exit.
2	Very disappointed. My mother in law described our meal as barely acceptable. They were running out of items and the Salmon was extremely over cooked. I liked the pesto shrimp tortellini and the bread pudding (although it ran out fast). I will not be back again unless it's free, then I will have lower expectations. Was not worth it for the price. I was there for dinner, haven't tried breakfast.
4	I tried The Buffet at Monte Carlo for breakfast. My friend and I had a 2 for 1 coupon, which is the only way I can justify $19 and change for breakfast. Seating was quickly done, a good sign for a weekday visit. We were greeted warmly and guided to a booth very close to a buffet entrance. We were informed that the beverage station was nearby. I was happy to know it since I find most buffet experiences in Vegas can get stalled waiting for a server to take/bring beverage orders. Both of us enjoyed the selection of breakfast items. Nothing had the appearance of sitting too long on the buffet. Pans were piled high with pork and turkey bacon, all manner of breakfast meat and a few surprises. The french toast was nice topped with strawberry compote and powdered sugar. I will be sure to try the red velvet pancakes next time. There was also a decent selection of fresh fruit and cereals including granola and yogurt in multiple flavors. If someone in the party were more health-minded they would have been satisfied. A carving station with ham. beef and kielbasa was available. I only tried the ham and thought it was just fine. Fried chicken was on the bar along with waffles. I will have to try this next time too. Spring rolls and sweet sauce don't come to mind when I think of breakfast or brunch staples, but there they were nonetheless. Overall, my visit to Monte Carol's buffet was a pleasant experience. Be sure to take advantage of any discounts and coupons.(After breakfast we walked around the property. I learned the Monte Carlo pool is free for locals to visit Monday-Thursday with ID. I will certainly be coming back to take a turn around the little lazy river!)
4	The buffet is awesome! There was a wide variety of food for brunch! The place is pretty big and clean. The staff were nice. However I don't know how I feel about serving your own drinks.
2	Like others, I read the reviews about this place being one of 'the best' but it was mediocre at best. The one highlight in the reviews I read prior to coming that stood out to me and was the deciding factor in my husband and I choosing this particular buffet was that they had 'plenty of breakfast options'. Since I'm a huge breakfast lover, we made the trek over from the MGM for the Sunday brunch which was $21.99. The positives:No line and we were seated immediately.Decent amount of breakfast variety.Good omelet station where you could even choose egg white only omelets. Food was decent, nothing was horrible, per se. The negatives: Very limited variety for things other than breakfast and the buffet was pretty small. Dessert selection was one of the worst I've seen in Vegas. Only donuts and extremely dry pastries. There was a soft serve machine but there weren't any sauce toppings; only a limited selection of dry options.It was supposed to be a 'champagne' brunch but it was nowhere in sight and we forgot to ask about it. If this buffet was somewhere in the $15 range I might consider it again and I would have probably given it 3 stars instead. But it was not worth it in the $20+ range; for that, I'd MUCH RATHER go somewhere like the Rio where you have options that everyone in your party will enjoy.
1	Awful experience! My partner had a $50 dining credit for Monte Carlo (courtesy of MyVegas/M life) that we used at the buffet last Tuesday for dinner, around 6pm. Hostess took our receipt at the entrance and did not give it back or seat us, instead she assisted the couple behind us. We sat ourselves, soon after I discovered with my hand and wrist that our "clean" table was very sticky. The food was mediocre, everything looked like it had been sitting for an hour, some of the serving utensils were also sticky. One of the dishes I ate was some kind of flavorless white fish (mislabeled as "Blackened Salmon"). No servers came to ask if we wanted to order any drinks. During our meal a buser or "server" came to our table and asked where our receipt was and we explained the hostess took it from us. A few minutes later the manager "Brian" came and asked us the same question with a suspicious tone, and proceeded to interrogate us as to why we didn't keep it, what the hostess looked like, etc. The rest of our meal was awkward because it felt like Manager Brian had basically implied that we had "stolen" the buffet, and then he kept watching us like he was stalking us. I don't know if he is just mistrusting, or usually unfriendly or just has an issue with same gender couples. We finished, I wrapped up 2 macaroons in a napkin I couldn't finish and proceeded to the exit where Manager Brian "greeted" me with his cold/rude tone of "You're not allowed to remove food from the buffet". Seriously? For 2 macaroons? So I threw them in the trash. I wish I had just thrown them on the ground at his feet...we're not coming back anyway, and this experience was enough to make us want to never return to the Monte Carlo casino. I strongly recommend that diners find a different buffet. During our trip we had buffets at Mirage, Harrah's and Main Street Station and I strongly recommend all of those (Main Street Station had more options, hotter & fresher than Monte Carlo for half the price, Harrah's has twice the options and Mirage, though a few dollars more, was the best buffet I've had in Vegas so far!) If you do decide to eat here, KEEP YOUR RECEIPT!!!
3	Came in on a wed night around 6:30pm. The buffet was fine, nothing crazy amazing. The dressing, spring rolls, and pork were my favorite. I liked the wide variety of food and the price $23 (kind of pricy but not by Vegas standards) i would come back again if I needed an affordable buffet.
3	Ate breakfast twice here during our stay. A little pricy.. food was actually good but not worth 50 for two!!
3	We ate here because we heard about it while standing in line for TixForTonight. They offer discounted eateries, so we gave Monte Carlo's buffet a try. For two people, we only paid $23. We came during brunch and enjoyed the breakfast selections. They were in the middle of changing their food to lunch, so we got to enjoy their lunch as well! The food here is okay quality. The only thing that stood out to me were the Italian Sausage soup, salad, ravioli, and the mashed potatoes and gravy. They had corn beef hash too but it was okay. The prime rib was too dry. I didn't even taste the dessert section because it looked unappetizing. Great service though! You get your own beverage- coffee, soda, water, etc.
4	This buffet is just okay.  There's a good enough variety with lots and lots of carbs.  There is a nice variety of fresh salads and salad toppings, as well as fresh fruits.  They had a veggie lasagna which I thought was delicious.  The staff at The Buffet is excellent.  They do what they can to keep themselves busy, and typically pick up your dirty plate within a minute or two of you finishing it.  Ron took care of us while we were there and he was fantastic!  He came to our table right away to introduce himself and let us know that he was around if we needed anything.  Sylvester at the omelet station is really amazing to watch, too.  He had no less than 5 skillets going for the entire time I waited in line/watched and didn't burn any of them.  He's phenomenal.Three stars for the buffet and one extra star for the staff.
3	Its an alright buffet, I mean its priced at around 20$ for lunch and dinner, and I think might be cheaper if you buy Tix4Tonight pass. But the selection is small, tacos, salads, some sushi, bbq ribs, sausages, prime rib, fried cod, various chicken (stuffed, creamed, etc). They have an alright dessert selection too. Overall very mediocre selection, and the hotel gives you 1-2 free passes to go so definitely check it out if you're staying here.
1	I'm in the buffet at this very moment. It is certainly the worst buffet in Las Vegas. I don't understand how this place can get more than one star from anyone.  The food is mediocre at best.  The food does not look appetizing at all.  The selection is anemic.  The food does not look or tast fresh at all.  VERY disappointing. I much have rather paid the $12.00 for the personal pizza at 800 degrees.  There are not a lot of people in here at the moment which did make me wonder if I made a bad choice upon entering the restaurant. The best thing here was the banana.  I was hungry and had to force myself to eat this STUFF!!!  Stay away from this buffet.  It's not worth the price or the time.
4	Maybe it's because I had the Orleans buffet yesterday (not recommended), but I enjoyed the brunch buffet here quite a bit.The buffet is smaller, but there was a good selection of tastier items and better quality fruits and meats.Even the desserts were quite good.
1	This was the worst meal we have had in a long time.  Usually you can find something at a buffet that is good, there is nothing good to say about this one. Luckily we had gotten half price tickets for it which was bad enough , I could not imagine paying full price.  I dare to give this a one star even but it did have a salad bar .....
3	We ate brunch here. Buffet was ok. I preferred the breakfast items over the lunch. I also like how the drinks were included in the price. If you buy a 50% off coupon from half price tickets, the buffet is less than $10 but you still pay $2 for the coupon. Not a bad deal.
2	Wasn't very thrilled ...Shrimp overly battered, you ate batter mostly and then a tiny little shrimp.Spring rolls were very hard to bite into then very chewy/doughy from the inside.Sushi was just cold and old. Pizza selected with little selections (every kind had either pepperoni or is loaded with cheese- no selection for vegetarians).Service was EXCELLENT, the waiters/ waitresses. Air was really stuffy, the restaurant is located in the Casio area, then again of course the air is stuffy everywhere in Las Vegas.Alborro? rice mixed with olives and corn had lots of oil in it. It was gross. 3/4 different kinds of salmon were under cooked or overly battered. Yes I sampled a lot of food, that's what buffets are for.
4	Not a bad Buffett for the money - I've been here a few times when I have stayed at the Monte - mostly because its a buffet, its vegas, and I like to stay at the Monte Carlo Food is typically pretty good, a wide range of offerings - I like to come in for breakfast, service is right on par and probably better than some other establishments in Las Vegas. Big Tip here - want to save money become and "M Life Member" and use the plays club card to get a discount on entry - definitely a plus there Give this place a try next time you are in town - wait has always been minimal for me when I have come in here as well which is a big plus to me
4	Hesitant due to poor reviews but didn't want to keep looking. Went a little after 1pm on Christmas and found it just fine. There was no line, no wait. Only buffet I've been to that you got your own drinks, which can be a plus. Though smaller than some, they had all the basics: Prime rib, turkey & stuffing, pizza and fried rice. Tho one pizza they put out was clearly burnt, the other was fine with lots of cheese! Most impressed by their variety of salads which other places seem to lack on veggies. A vegetarian can easily find a variety of choices. Desserts were great.  They have a little chocolate thing that was sooo good, and their chocolate tart was extra chocolaty! They also had an omelet station open, but I didn't see anyone getting omelets at this time. Service was good, bringing extra napkins without asking. No bar, so I don't think beer and wine was available. Wouldn't hesitate to go back.
1	My family and I had not been to this buffet in a few years.  We used to eat here frequently and loved the food and service.  There is obviously new management, because the food is not as good, and they cut back on the service.  The crab legs were cold, and neither the crab legs nor the drawn butter were salted.  I couldn't finish my crab legs, because they were not good.  There weren't enough salad ingredients.  The prepared salads were not flavorful.  There were not as many interesting dishes as there used to be.We were annoyed that we had to get our own drinks and that they did not give us a chance to finish our food before they said we had to leave.  We were in the middle of eating, and the busboy said they were closed.  He proceeded to grab one of our plates.  We moved his arm away and told him we would be finished soon, since most of us only had desserts left.  He got the manager, who stated that we had to leave because they were closed.  We demanded a refund if we could not finish our food.  We paid $30 for 8 people for a total of $240.  The manager immediately called security and told them we would not leave!  After we told security what happened and that we were going to finish our meal before leaving, they left and we finished our meal in about 15 minutes.  If they had not bothered us in the first place, we would have left much sooner.  If they don't know how to time the last few customers and how to accommodate customers, then they need to get out of the restaurant business.  They were more concerned about going home rather than making sure they took care of their customers.  Now they just lost a lot of future business, so they could go home a few minutes earlier.
2	Wow was this a waste of time and money. The staff act as if they don't care if you're here or not. Self serve everything even coffee! Nobody asked if we wanted anything else. When we went up to get roast b
1	I want to preface this review by saying that I ate here in 2001, 2002, and 2003 with a wonderful experience. Back then there was more staff and most importantly oysters and peeled shrimp. Both of which no longer exist for a buffet that is the same price. My wife and I went here because the Bacchanal buffet was way too crowded so I explained to her the Monte Carlo (MC) buffet was decent or at least that's how I remembered it. Here are the list of problems I see with this place and I bring it up because my family has been in the restaurant industry in Los angeles where ppl are far more critical and the cleanliness factor is held to a higher standard. MC's buffet was not only dirty but there were a number of tables covered with nasty old dishes for the entire time of our dining experience. The servers only visited once and even then did nothing about the unsightly mess around us. The food selection was very limited and on multiple instances the staff were using their bare hands to scoop food sitting on counters back into trays. A major food safety concern. Shrimp were sitting in pools of cloudy melted ice water and all food stations were messy enough that plates could not be rested on countertops. It was clear that the staff were short handed and lacked pride in what they were doing. This will be the last time I ever eat here. Sadly this was one of Vegas' best kept secrets but is now probably one of the worst I have seen. This comes as no surprise as I read other reviews for this place. I usually get what I pay for but for $60 for two ppl I could have done A LOT better. even at a sit down restaurant. MC if you are reading this a lot of things need to change before you have the right to charge ppl what you do..
1	Perhaps I just caught the Buffet on a bad day. Maybe it's normally a decent buffet with decent food for a decent price (by Vegas standards). But what I got on New Year's Eve was not decent. In fact, it wasn't even mediocre. It was just bad, plain and simple. I was initially pleased to find that, although I am vegan, I was able to find about four or five dishes that were seemingly vegan-friendly. Granted, they weren't spectacular, but I wasn't expecting much. I just figured that for $32 I could have simple but edible food. That wasn't the case. Nearly everything I sampled was either undercooked, overcooked, or under-seasoned. The steamed green beans, which had no seasoning whatsoever, were the only item I was able to finish. The roasted root vegetables were tasteless and chewy. The lentils and rice were beyond bland. Even the salad bar wasn't appealing; the greens were wilted and even slimy. (Seriously, how do you mess up salad?) My non-veg friends who were able to taste the Buffet's various meat and seafood dishes were not particularly pleased overall. They too complained of poor seasoning and under/overcooking. Even the desserts, while aesthetically pleasing, were sub par--too sweet, not sweet enough, strangely textured. I left the Buffet feeling hungry, maybe even hungrier than I was before I got there. I paid $32 for food I couldn't even eat and because of that, I will not be returning to the Buffet. I think I'd rather save up for dining at the Wynn.
4	The reviews I see on here.. is, interesting.  This was my first visit to "The Buffet" at Monte Carlo Casino.. we came in a group of 8 and we actually left pretty pleased.  We did arrive a bit late (1:30pm) for a Saturday lunch, and most of the tables were empty.  The price?  $21.99 for the adults, which wasn't bad at all.First off--if you go to a buffet place anywhere, you want big bang for your buck.  I see people reviewing that their shrimp had too much batter, and you had pizza.. uh.. yeah.  You go for the primo items- shrimp, crab, prime rib.  If you don't want that, you might as well go to specific restaurants that cater to what you want.  If I wanted pizza--I'd go to Sbarro's in the little food area in the Monte Carlo for $6, not eat up at a $22 buffet.  Anyways, so I protein loaded (and my cholesterol level probably hates me) on two things this trip: crab legs and prime rib.  Sure, there was plenty of other options (they even offer a made-to-order omelette bar), but.. I love me some crab.  Lol.  They also had some peel and eat shrimp, but I felt lazy.  After about 2 hours in the buffet we discussed the buffet and were overall impressed by the options.They had everything from breakfast selections (french toast, sausage, eggs, bacon, hash browns, to premade sandwiches, to roasted selections (prime rib and ham). There were also a taco station and an asian section (that I didn't really eat at, but did see them), and of course--the dessert table.The desserts were actually pretty good, with some even coming in their own little edible chocolate containers.  A variety of mousses and something for everyone, and they even have soft serve ice cream (who doesn't?).Overall, it was a pretty decent buffet for brunch and the price wasn't very expensive.  We ended up staying to the start of dinner and could have probably eaten more.. but we were too full.  The service was on par, and our plates were picked up regularly (this is very important at any buffet scenario).  Would we come back?  Definitely!  PS--the others in my group didn't crab load (or they did, just not as much as the 3-4 plates that I had) and they were perfectly happy with the food and selection.  Even my picky 8 and 10 year old nephews were pleased with everything there.
