3	I love the intimacy of this small comedy room. And it's located in downtown Scottsdale, which is nice if you to dinner first and/or want to get drinks after the show. Although they don't showcases a lot of well-known names, the venue is still a great place to catch up-and-coming comics. They also do a killer open mic comedy night every Sunday. And the cover is affordable. They also offer discounts with your student I.D. and offer a half-price covers for ladies for the 10 p.m. show. Check www.thecomedyspot.net for more information.
3	I like this place. I've been here about 5 times in the last year, and I have to say that the Improv definitely draws better talent, but the Comedy Spot wins out on price, intimacy, and waitress service, plus the talent is still pretty good.That said, I've stopped going there for a little while because I didn't see any new opening acts on visits 4 & 5 that I hadn't seen within the first 3 visits. It's probably a good place to go once or twice a year, but there's not enough variety to go there too regularly. If I'd only been there once, I'd probably have given the place a 4th star.
4	Great little (really little) place. I have popped in here impromptu on several Fri/Sat nights and always had a great time. Drinks are decent -- no real food (unless Nachos is your thing).No smoking until after the show, unless you dare walk out the front door right past the comic!!!Definitely not the Improv, but hey it's only $10 and fun as hell!
4	Went for the first time last night to the 10 pm open mic show.  Great time for only $10 plus 2 drinks.  The space is quite small and intimate-a big plus.  I did find the drink service to be dreadfully slow upon arriving, but it picked up once the show started.  Not sure if this is the norm, but there were only two servers for the room.  They did a great job considering.  The guys at the door and assisting with seating were super courteous and professional as well.  No tables for two so bring friends as ALL seats will be filled.Only real drawback was the line of people waiting for the doors to open since it's first come seating even if prepaid.  The earlier show ran late which added to the wait.  In spite of that, I will definitely return since I live in the area.  Thanks Thomas S!
4	My wife and I decided to check out the Comedy Spot largely due to the appearance of one of the local Yelpers. The $10 cover charge and two drink minimum were definitely a value.  I was quite impressed with the open mic talent and cordial staff, which speaks positively with regard to the overall management of the club. The club would be a great place to take a group of people, it has an excellent location (stumbling distance) with regard to numerous restaurants and bars. The interior is a bit cozy, I would estimate seating for less than 100, so reservations seem to be a necessity as the line to get inside far exceeded what was allowed.
4	I'm among the many Yelpers that went to the Comedy Spot last Sunday to check out the esteemed Thomas S. do his thing during the Amateur/Open Mic Night. He definitely did us proud, and some of the other comics were quite funny, too. Maybe the fact that we only paid $10 each made my comic expectations a little lower, but I thought that the vast majority of comics were funny and had creative and well-timed routines. Do note that we purchased our tickets ahead of time through their website, which is probably a good move since the place is so small. I, too, liked the intimate and laid-back vibe of the venue. The staff was really cool, and the ones who performed were comic naturals. I, do, have a few gripes, though. I also loved the cozy seating that allowed us to be up close and personal with the many characters in the audience (cougars in pink, Madonna look-a-like, and loud, attention-seeking redhead, anyone?), but being on the end of the curved booth seating, I was craning my neck the entire time to see the stage. I also thought the drinks were pretty weak (albeit relatively cheap for a place with a minimum), and the soda water was flat. On the upside, the cocktail waitress was efficient and we didn't wait long for the drinks to arrive. Oh, I almost forgot to mention. When I went to the bathroom (which is always an awkward move if the comic performing likes to make canned statements like "Well, of course HE has to go TAKE A CRAP right when I start performing"), I discovered this whole back corridor area with a separate bar. It was forest-themed or something and kind of reminded me of some Disneyland ride (like the Pirates of the Caribbean or Splash Mountain). I don't know what they usually use it for, but this particular night, they had the comics stashed back there until their turn came. Strange stuff. Anyway, the Comedy Spot was a good place to get some solid entertainment for not that much cash, and I liked the unpretentious vibe. We'll probably check it out again at some point.
4	Great place to see live comedy. Last night I saw my boyfriend (Yelper Scott S.) performed a set at The Comedy Spot. He performs there on a semi-regular basis.I'll be honest. Most comedy clubs are dirty and gross and the people who work there are mean. They harass you about the 2 drink minimum, are rude about seating, have shitty service and basically treat customers like poo. The Comedy Spot used to be a little douchey like that but lately they've just been awesome.The waitress was totally on point, bringing me drinks at a rapid pace. (Newcastle, score!) All the comedians were really funny - one was a little too drunk to be up there - but still pretty funny and the owner, Sean, even did a really funny set just f-ing with the audience.Of course the highlight for me was seeing Scott perform. He's the best! But overall a very good experience.
4	I really enjoy comedy, but don't have the budget to see every big comedian who can fill the Dodge Theatre. And I am boycotting the Improv due to their horrifying and shady business practices. So, until the UYE at the Comedy Spot, I thought it would be a very long time between fixes. I can envision coming here often. It was an open mic night, but far more of the comics were funny than not, and how can you beat $10 tickets? The drink service was fast and friendly, all the seating was intimate (in a good way), and the rest of the staff was friendly and welcoming. I'm already looking forward to returning!
5	This was my first time to a comedy club and I had a blast! Because I do not have anything to compare it to, I feel I should give The Comedy Spot 5 stars based on my experience last night. Great staff and a fun intimate setting for a comedy show. Here's the deal: 1. You think.... "Hmm I haven't laughed  or smiled in a awhile, lets go to The Comedy Spot." 2. Go to the website and print out the coupon online for $2 off admission! (I know what you're thinking...and yes, I am a poor mofo but just do it...why not!) 3. Get there a bit before your showtime since it is 'first come, first serve' seating and come with a group so you an enjoy a booth unless you are down with sitting up front where the 2 top tables are (These were the people that totally got made fun of by one of the comics). 4. Sit your ass down...you waitress should get there shortly so order your drink and enjoy the show!
3	I have to start by saying you better be there on time !!!I had tickets for the 8pm show, and it was one comic i saw online prior to heading to Phoenix for the weekend, well i arrived about 15 minutes late, figured i am always on time, but due to a friend that took longer to get ready then me, well this would happen,some venues such as Improv and the Ice House in Los Angeles let you get in no later then 30 minutes, so i figured worse case i would get the back row, but no, never happened.THEY LOCK THEIR DOOR!, but i know why, right as you walk in, it seems that the stage is bam right there, i did see people laughing through the door glass, but oh well, my loss, no one to blame but my friend, it happens.The place is small and i think that is a plus, why the huge room like other venues, you can get good laughs i am sure and for less, my tickets were 22 and change, not bad for a comedy show.So if your ever in Scottsdale, stop by, nice place on the end of the street, and i did notice a few cool bars/restaurants to check out before and after the show.Enjoy!
4	Went last night to see a friend on open-mic night and it was really fun. Even though the comics were amateurs they were all pretty funny. The drinks were nice and strong. Excellent location next to many fun spots and restaurants. Very friendly staff. I will definitely go again.
3	So, yeah... I finally made it to Comedy Spot the Saturday night of my bachelorette weekend.  I thought this would be the perfect activity post-dinner for our group... you would think, right?  Wrong!  Going to the Comedy Spot after our dinner was actually quite the buzz kill... the drinks were horrible and the majority of the comedians were not funny at all.  It was absolutely freezing in the place too.  On top of all of that, our group got yelled at for being too loud not once, but twice.  Sorry to the other patrons but we were only talking because the comedians were not funny at all!  Well, except for two acts - one where they called me and another bachelorette on-stage and another that was two chicas from LA that sang songs about bikini waxing and cameltoe (yes, you read that right).  They were hilarious!  I actually just looked them up and found their MySpace Link: http://www.myspace.com/willsingforyourmom - Carlie and Doni - they were fab!The headliner was not funny at all... we actually ended up leaving before the show was over.  Maybe we were there on an off night?  I'd maybe give them another shot if I knew the comedian performing... (or especially if Carlie and Doni ever headline) but I'm not rushing back anytime soon.
1	I paid a visit to the Comedy Spot a few weeks ago on the Saturday night of my friend Gabi's bachelorette weekend (see review below).  I'm with Gabs as I also thought this would be the perfect activity post-dinner for our group. I think we are all seriously mistaken. I also agree with Gabi that it was a bit of a buzz kill...literally. For the most part, the comedians who performed sucked expect for one girl duo called Carlie and Doni. The ROCKED! So funny!!!By the way, the drinks were disgusting and we got yelled at for being to loud, it was as cold as a meat locker inside and once again except for Carlie and Doni the comedians ABSOLUTELY SUCKED!!!I enjoyed Carlie and Doni's performance they sang a few off songs about funny life expereinces like a bikini waxing. Warning, do your homework before stepping inside. Make sur eyou know the comedians on the line up and try to sneak in your own drinks. :)
5	I've always wanted to go to this place and finally made it happen this weekend! Last night I gathered my ladies and we went to the 8pm showing. The main comedian was a guy named RON MOREY - who I have never heard of but I'm not too comedian savvy.. and prefer anything other than douche bag Dane Cook-esque comedy. Such a tool. (He's lame and steals jokes from CK Louis btw!)We arrived about twenty minutes early which was good because they don't accept cards at the door, which sorta sucked.. since I thought it was 2009, but whatever. We walked to the nearest ATM, giggling and stumbling slightly due to the martinis (we consumed at Pearl previously) flowing through our veins. We went in, and just as I expected, it was a very intimate place, very cute.. although it was a little warm. We grabbed awesome seats and ordered beverages. There is a two drink minimum but the mix drinks are fairly priced at $5 - non alcoholic drinks are $3. Not bad. The show started a few minutes late but I was immediately pleased. There were three "opening" acts which were funny.. but man, the main comedian, RON MOREY, was hilarious. Almost peed myself a couple times.My girls and I left there still smiling and quoting some memorable jokes. I had such a great time that this WILL be a monthly event with my friends and i.Perfect for a date too, there were a lot of couples there and it was just awesome watching them get awkward and uncomfortable after a sex or date joke.. Overall, awesome-obviously.. the crowd was cool.. a mix of 20-somethings... to granny panties. I highly recommend this place.
3	Went to the Comedy Spot this weekend on Friday night for the 8 pm showing.  It was my first time to go and my boyfriend and I had a really great time.  We were seated in the back corner, which was nice because we did not get picked on.  The comedy was funny, there were some rough spots here and there but overall I laughed a lot  I spilled my drink after I had only taken two sips. I was dissapointed, since it cost 5 dollars, but the waitress was very nice and brought me a replacement free of charge.  We will be going back soon, and I do think I will take my family when they come in from out of town.
5	Been here four times now. Saw The Stagebenders for two of the four shows I've been to here. GREAT show! Love this place! It's nice and small, so there is a lot of interaction. Never mean-spirited on the comic's part, always tastefully funny. Definitely make sure you get there on time. They are strict when it comes to the doors closing when the show starts. But it is a live performance; they do the same thing for the ballet at Symphony Hall, out of courtesy to the performers.
5	My husband went here last night and had a great time. The mix of comics was quite fun, and the host was very entertaining. As I read before that it is as cold as a meat locker.... I didn't have that experience. My only very small complaint was that the barstools we were sitting in were very very uncomfortable, so I turned it to the side and leaned against the wall. It was a great change of pace adn a great price.
4	This is a great small venue for comedy (small being the key word).  There was a huge line.  Good thing my girl friend had all ready purchased tickets.  They started to let us in and then i heard them ask the waiting to buy ticket line to leave.  It was a great show.  My only complaint would be the drink minimum.  I could understand a 2 drink minimum if the tickets were free but thats the norm for comedy venues...  Eh all and all it was fun and I am likely to return again.
4	We went for a friends birthday party. I like the intimate setting. I'm usually not a comedy fan, but I laughed quite a bit at 3 out of the 4 comedians. There was a Fetish Ball going on next door, which confused me at first b/c I didn't understand why leather masks and nipple clamps were the dress code for a comedy club, but once I saw the little neon "Comedy Spot" sign, I figured it out. Overall its a great place to go on a  weekend. Assless chaps optional.
4	The Comedy Spot is great!! You can't beat the ticket price compared to the Tempe Improv.  The setting is small and intimate.  Some of the opening acts are not that great but they usually have a great headliner.  Two drink minimum is also ok considering the ticket prices.  Great spot if you like comedy acts.
4	It's hard to judge a comedy club because you're really there for the act. But the Comedy Spot is a fun little place to see a show. The people who perform there may not be as well known as the comedians at the Improv, but if you're into stand up comedy, you'll recognize many of the names. The venue itself is small which actually adds to the experience. Every table is close to the stage. And on the night I was there, it spelled trouble for most of the people up front. The comics have no trouble spoting them, and they did a great job ripping into random people. Make sure you purchase your tickets in advance, because there aren't very many seats. The two drink minimum is the norm for comedy clubs, so I can't complain. The prices aren't any worse than what you'd expect at a club. Again, the overall experience mostly depends on the act. But I would never complain about going to a show here.
5	Hellz ya! I'm a fan.  Hottie and I decided to try out the Comedy Spot on Friday.  We love going to the Improv, but try to avoid Tempe as much as possible. Entry is half the price of the Improv, so I expecting the comics to be half as funny... I was wrong! We were sat in the front row, so of course we got picked on, but I don't think I've laughed that hard in a really long time.  It was a blast.   A couple things to keep in mind: 1.  The place is really small, so buy your tickets in advance or get there a little early. 2. Food is limited to a couple of "stadium" style appetizers, so eat first.  3. Two drink minimum, but the prices were pretty reasonable, I think our tab with tip came to $27.  4. Enjoy the comics and don't be afraid to laugh at yourself!
5	I really like this place, it is very intimate with very few seats for each show so there is not a bad seat in the house.  Not all the acts are the greatest but it is a great value and it's even great when comics are not doing well (because you are still laughing at them)  The drinks are a little pricy but if not for that I am not even sure how they would make money.  I think for that it is a very fair value for live entertainment, and very great date night place to check out every month or two.  I live so far so it is an evening out for us when we make it out here but well worth the drive.  I saw a Quentin D, (cant remember his last name) but they show was so awesome and he was so funny I nearly pissed myself.  The shows before him were not as good but they weren't bad either.  It also seemed like the show lasted 2 hours in total.  I have to say that this place pretty much rocks and since it is in old town you can go bar hopping right afterward.
3	The comedians are not always good and neither are the drinks but you can't beat $10 for 2 hours of entertainment.  This is a great option for a birthday or bachelorette party.  Much better than going out to the bars and having to deal with all the douche bags.  Though, since it is conveniently located right in the middle of Old Town you can also go do that afterwards, too.  They will reserve a table for you if you call or email ahead of time but the booths only seat 5 so they will break up your party if you have more than that.  If you want to all be together then you are better off just getting there early and getting several of the smaller tables in the middle - those are pretty close to each other.  The servers here are great and I have never had a bad experience with any of the staff.They have a $2 of coupon on their website so hence the $10 price.  Also, if you have a large group they will normally let the guest of honor in for free.  It is a 2 drink minimum but you can get nonalcoholic drinks or food items instead.  All the usual rules at a comedy club apply... if you are loud or your phone rings or you get up during the show expect to be called out on it.  Also, they usually pick on the girls in the front row.  Again, typical comedy club stuff but it can get a little awkward since the place is so small.
1	WOW, was I disappointed.  We paid over the net and they had no listing when we arrived.  Got a table, ordered drinks only to be told we had to move because they had a party of 15.  several other couples were treated just as we were.  We got there 50 minutes early to get a good table. Then we had to  move.  Try watching a stand up act that you need to stand up to see it.  The table service was good.  First  3 acts was like high school entertainment.  The pics you see here are nothing like the place.  One room packed so tight you could not move. Classic case of squeeze the cash out of you.  Never again.  This is one of the most memorable birthdays I've spent.  Scottsdale should wake up.  Too much nice entertainment around for your dollars than this place.  Totally disappointed.  When we called before the show to confirm everything is set it turns out there is not a live person to be found.  Leave a message. The person at the door managing?  Turns out he is one of the acts.  Can't believe they stay in business.  Had we been treated with repect it may have been an ok night.  My cash will be spent in other parts of Phoenix from now on.On a positive note the Marriot a few blocks away was fantastic!
2	The opening comedian was a doll and a good host throughout.  That's why they get two stars."Headliners" we're NOT funny. Because they were supposed to be more"known" than the openers they wasted our time trying to sell us time-shares. Just kidding, they were pushing DVD's and t-shirts we could care less about.Do NOT order food. Chicken wings were microwaved with slimy skin and rubbery meat. Hummus was tasteless. Pita chips were burnt.I had a cherry coke and that was good. Could you imagine if they couldn't pull that off? Egads.
4	Went to the 8pm show last night.  The two newbie comedians were REALLY bad...BUT the other 3 career comedians were freaking HILARIOUS!!!  Rebecca Corry was the best!!
4	A good laugh is always welcome on a Friday evening after a brutal work week. I discovered this place today coz i went to watch a friend perform. This is a perfect place to go with friends . It has a very intimate setting so there are no bad seats. It has the 2 drink minimum and no food but even then its a great option for a Friday night. I dont know if the quality of comedians is different each time but I had a great time. Sitting in the front row , you will obviously get picked on so either sit in the back or be a good sport. I will surely come back...and continue sitting in the back. Im not brave enough yet. :)
4	Planning a night out in Scottsdale either with a date or a group of friends? Comedy Spot is a great activity to get the night started or to visit after dinner. Is this professional comedy at its finest? No, but it's reasonably priced and always entertaining! My favorite is the the guy who I believe is the owner. He gets up there in between acts and just pokes fun of the people in the audiences, but he's hilarious while doing so! I've been to the Comedy Spot several times over the years and I always leave in a good mood. It's an entertaining activity and a nice break from the Old Town bar scene. We just recently visited the Comedy Spot for the 10 PM Friday night show. It was $10 for my bf and $5 for me and there's a two drink minimum. Good laughs for a couple hours while drinking cocktails you'd probably be drinking somewhere else anyway? That defines a fun night in my book! Note to yelpers -- if you do visit the Comedy Spot, please, please laugh at the poor comedians! I will admit that during my last visit, a couple of them weren't over-the-top funny, but we aren't there expecting Jay Leno to walk on stage. I felt really bad because the audience was awkwardly quiet for most of the show so the bf and I tried to laugh even louder to make up for the rest of the audience's lack of laughing. So my plea to future visitors is to please laugh, even if it's a courtesy laugh! Nothing is more awkward then a silent room during a comedy show (cocktails will help your humor gauge).
5	I have had the opportunity to go to the comedy spot on several occasions and have always had a great time.  The comedians are usually funny, but entertaining at a minimum and it's a great venue.  The room itself is pretty small, but creates an atmosphere conducive to laughing.  The prices are really good and like every other comedy club in the world, it's a two drink minimum.Overall, I have never had a bad time there and I am totally going back ASAP!
5	The service is amazing! I always have a blast when I go there. The comedy is always relevant and the local flavor and intimate atmosphere makes it a first class experience! If your looking for a great time at an excellent price, this is the place for you!!!
4	Came here on a Saturday night (10pm) for some good laughs to finish up the date with the boyfriend. Upon entering, I was surprisingly shocked at how small the venue is, about eight booths line the wall with maybe ten small tables in a horseshoe around the stage. We choose to sit in the second row in front of the stage in order to avoid the constant harassment from the comedians that this poor Filipino party failed to accomplish. Overall we had a blast listening to the different comedians, some were hilarious, some not so much, but the tickets are cheap and there is only a two drink minimum (yay iced tea!).  Also, this place has two single occupancy bathrooms (one male, one female), so be careful about how much iced tea you drink do the ladies bathroom always having a line (seriously, whats up with that?).  I don't think they serve food, but you are in Old Town, there are plenty of awesome places to eat before coming to the Comedy Spot.
5	Went to the The Comedy Spot last night with the wife and had an amazing time. You can't beat the entrance provide and two drink minimum. Plus, they have now added a small but very reasonable menu from the restaurant next door. We had one drunk girl heckling the comedians last night and they handled it perfectly just ripping into her and making the rest of the crowd bust out laughing at her expense. Great place to have an awesome time!!!
3	Me: "One ticket please."Ticket Guy: "Just one? Are you here alone?"Female Patron: "That's so sad." Me: "... yeah, one."Female Patron: "That's the saddest thing ever." Ticket guy (doesn't even charge me full price for cover): "This guy is here alone, could you find a place for him?" Me: "That's ok.. I'll just stand in the back."Female Patron: "So sad."Going to a comedy club by my lonesomeness was a little sad, but I had a good time. The people were nice, but beware.. there isn't very much space to stand in the back. Not at all. So don't do it. Just letting you know. Bad idea. But I liked the club. Pretty cool. Had a few laughs. If seated they have some good waitresses that really deserve a decent tip. Now I just have to see how it holds up the other comedy places in this great city of Phoenix.
5	Definitely a fun evening.  Much less expensive than the other clubs in town too.  Comics were funny.
4	Saw my friend do his comedy show here. The staff are nice and the place is near a lot of shops.
4	I was really pleasantly surprised by this venue, and the comedians who performed.We came here with a group, and the staff was very helpful and even discounted our tickets slightly.We had great seats (come here early to make sure you do, too), and the service was very good.I'd say out of the six comedians we saw, four were great.  That's not bad.  The Host for the evening did an amazing job pumping up the crowd.  The headliner Adam Ray was hysterical.  I will definitely return.
5	Of the 3 comedy clubs in Scottsdale, I think this is the one that is most consistent.   It seats about 100 which is more than the place on Scottsdale Road and less than the place that was rescued by the bar people.    The out of town headliners are generally quite good and the locals that open the show really make an effort to bring the laughs as opposed to breaking in new material.   It's for adults so you are going to get a variety of subject matters and some comics will be blue, but that is something that you will get with other clubs as well.    If you want a night of comedy that is more likely to have you laughing, this is the place to go in Scottsdale.
5	I just headlined this club for the first time and I can't wait to come back! The staff and local comics are wonderful hardworking and supportive folks and they treated me and the audience very well. The owner, comic Sean Dillon is hilarious and he understands how to support local comedy. Not only did I and my guests have an awesome time, I left happy that the comics working with Sean will be productive members of the comedy community. Go! Enjoy!
5	This place is awesome.  Much better than the tempe improv. It's a very intimate venue and they have had some awesome headliners. Just saw the Ken and Brady show and it was hilarious.  The regulars that perform are great too. Gene moore is one of my favorites. Stop in when you get a chance. You won't regret it!
5	I still can't get enough of Scottsdale Comedy Spot. It's an inexpensive promise of a good time all around. Filled with local and up and coming comedy acts, this local comedy dive is no more than a $10 ticket price and provides hours of laughs. I especially love the owner who cracks me up every time because he just stands there and makes fun of the crowd. We've gone several times and each time is just as funny as the last. Several years ago, I told my friend here during her bachelorette party and they called us all up on stage. Whether you're on a date, with friends or celebrating something, this is a perfect way to entertain yourself.
4	It was my first time here and I must say I was pleasantly surprised by the venue and the comedians that performed. It's a small hole in the wall place but I like that the Venue was intimate. My boyfriend and I sat right in the front. The Mc was entertaining and funny as well as the other comedians who performed Saturday night. The owner of the club also performed and he was fun to watch. He was also attentive to the people there and greeting people to see how they were doing. I would defiantly come back :)
4	First time to this venue and wasn't sure what to expect.  Overall we had a great time! The comedians were good (Some were GREAT) overall. Tyler Boeh, G... and Boomernickels was AWESOME!  Could not stop laughing. Tickets price for each person was reasonable, drink price was as well. Full bar.The venue host (G...) was awesome, funny and you can tell a great quality man. We loved him and also a few other comedians.
2	I went to The Comedy Spot on February 27th.  Now, I've been to The Comedy Spot before and I absolutely LOVE IT but, I was a bit disappointed by a few things. I tried to call before buying my ticket but there isn't a live person to talk to, just a recording. Upon arriving, I'm told the debit machine to pay for entry is broke. No problem, I can walk to the ATM, God knows I need the exercise! The staff at the door were very apologetic and nice, it was when I walked inside that I noticed a lot of the raw charm was gone. What used to be a brick wall that served as the comedians' backdrop, was now a black wall. Actually, ALL the walls are black now. It just feels dark and dungeon-like instead of what most comedy clubs remind me of; a vibrant back alley where the cool kids hang. The lineup that night was a mix of talented comedians, contrasted with a few amateurs. My hat is tipped to all, no way I would have the guts to get up there! All in all, it was a great night. I will return, I just hope the club receives a much needed makeover soon! Support your local comedians!
3	Im not sure how to give an objective review on this because four things come to mind when I think of my night.1) For 20 minutes prior to the show, a couple was fighting inside of the club. The fighting caused the girl to cry (she was sitting in the very front, which was conspicuous to say the least, making it difficult to ignore) I felt uncomfortable for her and her boyfriend/spouse. They should have left, but since they did not, the manager should have asked them to leave.2) A retired, hall of fame Cardinal football player came in with a group of guys and girls. The manager thought this guy was important enough to introduce to the entire audience. Apparently though, he was not important enough to introduce correctly. Not once but TWICE he was introduced by the wrong name by two separate comedians (not mispronounced -- I'm saying if his name was John Doe, they called him John Smith). What made it even slightly more awkward, is the fact that nobody knew who this guy was (I assume, because nobody corrected the comedian) so there was just this dead air of his name being wrong. Surprisingly, only one comedian was able to make a joke out of it!! I am not sure if that is why the table, of the incorrectly introduced football player, chose to be loud and distracting the entire time, but I think they should have been asked to leave. 3) Out of the 6 or 7 comics that performed, half of them made the audience laugh, but the other half seemed to be having a bad day. Maybe because this was the first time they experienced a tough crowd. At one point, a comic completely forgot his punchline. It was pretty terrible. Almost so terrible that it was funny. 4) the headliner (Shane Mauss) was the reason I went to the show. He is definitely funny and has some real good material. It is disappointing that he had to stop his FIRST JOKE and tell the audience to shut up. This is the main reason I am giving this place three stars instead of four or five. The audience should be able to enjoy the headliner. By the time the headliner comes out, people have been given enough warning about audible noise, so kick out the jack a**'s that continue to talk and ignore the polite warnings before the headliner gets up there.In summary, I would try this place again because the staff was cooI and I hope my experience was unlike the normal experience. On the contrary, if my experience was the norm, I would probably rate this a 1 or 2.
2	First off The comedians were good -they had someone from out of town as the main one and he was great. The main issue is they said on thier site he came on at 7 but it says also doors open at 7, so contacted them they said doors at 7 comic at 8. I get there lil after 7 and place was full and show started few min after. I tried calling a few time most times no answer. I did get through and the person said they were the venue but not the right place and didnt know any info on the place- makes no sense right. So only way I got through was email.My buddy went to move car closer came back front door locked so he went to the side door. I had purchased two other tickets for friends when they showed up, there was no one out front and no note to tell them to go to side door. So since door locked they left.I contacted the club about a refund and they told me I must've went to another club that pops up 3 blocks from them, steals their customers and starts early. I was like no I didn't I knew who I went to see and why would I go to a club and pay more money to get in knowing the comic i went to see wasn't gonna be there. They didn't say we are sorry for your issue or anything. I had to keep asking about my refund as they kept avoiding the issue.Then I said you need a note or something on the door they go we will-that means nothing will change. Pluse that place needs alot of work on the inside.Won't be back.
4	This was our second time there and the club will definitely have us returning many more times and bringing more friends.  It's a smaller intimate inexpensive way to have fun and laugh and have a great time.  I think we saw five comedians and four were hysterical. My only complaint is some audience members do not know when to shut up when a comedian is on a roll and they interrupt (heckle) - it is so annoying! ALL in all a great place.Annette M
4	I ended up at Speakeasy. I will try this venue next time.I have high hopes.
2	Not so impressed. Sticky tables, probably one of the worst comedy clubs I've been in for ambience, they had 4 pre-show comedians only 1 that was any good. I liked the headliner on TV but in person not so much.
4	Great spot! First time there last night as I am new to scottsdale by way of Los Angeles. Been to a lot of shows but the intimate setting of this room rocked! Great lineup and would go back for sure. Good drinks and super helpful staff. I am a comedic blogger and have dealt with my share of comedians and this venue was top notch bringing in some great talent. Go!
4	Came here to see my high school friend Warren B. Hall!  He is so funny.  We were greeted at the door, we got to pick a table close to the stage.  The server was great.  One bad thing, not enough bathrooms.  They opened up to the Venue side to let us use the bathrooms but they were gross.  I don't think they cleaned it from Saturday night...  EKKKK....
5	My review here is somewhat unique because my first experience was as a performer.  I'm part of The Sic Sense sketch comedy troupe and we were booked for a Thursday night show here.  While I'm not a huge fan of Scottsdale, this location is tough to beat.  With hundreds of food and drink options within walking distance, it's quite easy to make an evening out of a show here no matter what day it is.  The help was incredibly attentive, the facilities were clean and modern and the music was recent and relevant.  It has a two drink minimum, but they are reasonably priced and including tickets and drinks you can have a nice time for two here for about $50.  I'm only slightly biased, but still impressed and will certainly be back soon!
3	I don't really go to comedy clubs, why you may ask...1. Comedians today are just not that funny and every other word is f that, s&(*& this..you still ain't funny 2. Comedians always use the race card..and still their jokes are still not funny..Michael Yo.  3.  Overpriced drinks   4. It feels like you are a part of the heard, getting push in with the other 299.    At Comedy Spot, you can only get about 50 people in and of course I went because I knew the main act.   Drinks seemed reasonable versus other places.  The restrooms weren't that clean and that was probably the only down side.
1	This is a very dumpy club. Some closets, the bar area and the men's room might be bigger. I would call it intimate, but it has no intimacy, it is like an afterthought. They have one bathroom with one toilet each for men and women - that must be a code violation. It was like seeing a show in your buddies garage and a bad show at that. On this night, I donated 10 bucks to watch Bob Howard and Friends, which was actually some old lawyer moonlighting as a comedian. The rest of Bob's friends were old and older and I did not manage to laugh once, except at the dude who was wearing a fishing hat that Bob Newhart probably owned. That same moron would not accept my two buck off coupon at the door claiming it was a special night. A bunch of amateur comedians at a 6pm show does not sound too special to me. Out of respect for a date, I had to wait until after the show to heckle this guy. His whole 15 minute act was asking the front row of people what they did and making fun of them, an act of a child. I felt much better when I heckled him in the hallway, asking him if he knew any jokes and he had no response. The two drink minimum is not mentioned until you sit in your seat and on this night, the waitress overcharged me for a beer on special. She lost out on a tip. Poor staff, poor comedy, poor venue - go to a real comedy club, unless you are a good heckler because you might be star of the show at that point.
4	This is a nice intimate, affordable and convenient comedy club.   We went to see a friend perform and it was great.  Funny stuff.   2 Drink minimum.   Nice seating.  Very nice inexensive date.
4	So this is a fairly small comedy club from my many experiences at various other spots. The downside of this is that on certain nights it might be hard to get tickets and also the quality of comedians might be limited. On the plus-side, the club offers a very intimate and relaxed setting, where the comedian can get more involved with the crowd and the crowd can be an active part of the comedian's set. The prices here would be hard to beat; entrance to a show is usually not more than $10 and the two drink minimum isn't bad at all because drinks are priced how they normally would be (in NY comedy clubs seem to charge double for drinks). Brought my girlfriend here on a Saturday night before we went out one night and the location of the club is perfect, because it is in OldTown Scottsdale, in the heart of their nightlife. When we walked in there wasn't more than 20 ppl. there, but off the bat the comedian performing interacted with us. Overall the comedians we saw there were hit-or-miss. The main act, Manny Maldonado was very good. Overall had a good experience here. This spot is ideal if you don't want to spend an exorbitant amount of money and just wanna have some good laughs. Overall, I wish someof the comedians were a little funnier, but it was a fun experience.
4	Came here on November 15, 2014 to see James Thayer and friends comedy show among other comedians. This was my visit time at this venue and it was a great experience. The staff is very courteous and the place is well kept and clean. It's a small place seats maybe id say 75 people. They accept electronic receipts as tickets. The price is reasonable $10-$12 and there's a two drink minimum.
1	READ THE FAQ section!!!!   It contains crucial information that if you don't have, you could just lose out on the money you paid for tickets.No idea how there aren't more terrible reviews based upon the issue I had as well as the terrible...no...LACK OF customer service.Here's what happened to me. I know it's long, but it explains exactly the type of customer service and the type of shady business this place is:A buddy of mine was opening for some lady I've never heard of. I didn't care about the main act, but figured for $12 a ticket, I could sit through whatever came after his opening act, right?Bought tickets the week before so I would be sure to have a ticket for the 8 pm show. This meant an additional $1 per ticket but I figured that was worth it to guarantee a seat. Day of, I had to work until 4 and again at 8 am, so I decided 8 pm would be better than 10. Ended up at work late, got home, showered, go ready, and hauled ass to the club which was about 30 minutes away. Got there at about 7:57 but the parking lot was full so we drove to a nearby parking area and walked over. As we were walking a couple was walking away and said kind of angrily, "They're all sold out for this show!" My boyfriend said, "Thanks, but she already bought tickets." The woman replied, "Yeah...so did we!"Confused, we approached the doorman, printed receipt/ticket in hand. He informed us that they were sold out... ME: Riiiiiight...but we have tickets! DOORMAN: Sorry. You can either come back for the 10 pm show or email them for a refund.Meanwhile, the woman who warned us and her date came back over to ask more questions. We were all very confused about how buying tickets to a show doesn't mean that you have seats at that show. The doorman explained with the manager or owner or whoever the chubby old guy is, standing right there, that they recommend that you come a half hour before the show and get in line. Anyone in the front of the line with tickets at that time will get in, then they'll sell any remaining tickets to people in line who didn't pre-purchase tickets.So...there is really NO point in purchasing tickets before showing up because it makes no difference as to whether you get into the show. If people with no tickets show up before you and buy your seats, you're just out the money.Because I had to work the next morning, I opted not to attend the 10 pm show. I verified with the doorman that I could email for a refund, and he said yes. I told him the info regarding this reselling already purchased tickets should be on the receipt or should be made known to you. He informed me that "it's on the website".On the way home, my boyfriend got on the website and tried to find it. He eventually did...15 minutes later buried in the FAQs! I think that's BS. Why would I read all the FAQs if I didn't have any reason to? A warning that they can sell your tickets to someone who shows up at the door before you should be more obvious and should be volunteered to you before you agree to purchase anything.In the FAQ section we also found the warning that sales are final and no refunds will be given at any time. Since the doorman had CLEARLY told us multiple times that we could email for a refund, I wasn't sure what to believe at this point. So...I called the club phone number. I figured if that were true, maybe we should turn back and try and make the 10 pm show. I got their voicemail and just left my name and number and requested a call back. I didn't even say why I was calling and they still never called back. Not that night. Not the next day. Not Monday morning. Not EVER. The next day I emailed the club for my refund just as the door guy said. Again...no response whatsoever. My next step was filing a complaint with PayPal who immediately escalated it. Eventually they informed me that they gave the club so many days (I believe it was...10 days maybe?) to respond to several requests by PayPal to address my issue. They never responded (shocker!) so PayPal refunded my money. Luckily I was protected by PayPal and would've been protected by my credit card company as well. However, if it hadn't been for that, I would have been out $26 for a show I never saw. I don't know if most people read the FAQ section for every restaurant, venue, theater, stadium, etc... they attend but I don't. I probably will now, but I still think it's shady. When you buy tickets to a movie, baseball game, concert, etc...those tickets are yours  whether you show up early, on time or even late. I didn't know there was any place that buying tickets didn't guarantee you a seat.
4	Dingy dark spot to stop in and see a range of comics.The guy at the front was accommodating with seating but kinda gross to wear gym shorts to work?The tables were so old and half spray painted black- I thought they used to have booths?  Really need to renovate here.The comedians were decent and varied- love the different types of humor and personal backgrounds to mix it up.  Cool easy going crowd. The service was quick & decent with ketel cranberries $10 and beers $6.
4	If you're going to Scottsdale Comedy Spot with expectations of Tempe Improv or Stand Up Live, park 'em and park 'em NOW. I met homegirl extraordinaire Missy F. here for The Sic Sense's (our very own Brian "Nucks" N., y'all!) Holiday Show. SCS is a cozy comedy venue right in the heart of Old Town. Plenty of bars and restaurants in the area to make an evening of a show. For around $10 + two drink minimum, you can get out for around $25-$30 a person.Thankfully, I was driving and the Diet Cokes weren't too pricey. No servers the night we were in, but walking back to the bar to get our drinks was no biggie. Unique vibe at this place, and overall had a great time - Look forward to coming back!
