5	LOVED LOVED LOVE THIS PLACE!  It's kind of like a cafe style restaurant with a glass cheese display.  The owner is a humble Republican State Senator...after a few glasses of wine he probably gets cornered quite a bit.  Anyway...I was on a date.  This is a GREAT date place.  We ordered pairings of cheeses and wines that are already selected for you.  We each got our own tastes (3 each).  We shared each other's cheese and wine.  The service is so so, but nothing to complain about really.  After our cheese tasting I ordered the salmon.  It was cooked very well with fresh vegetables.Great place...and I look forward to my next visit in Phoenix to come back here.
3	I don't know how many stars to give, so I picked the middle to be fair. This place broke my heart.  I was only in Phoenix for a weekend and this was the ONLY place I requested my friend take me.  After a day of excitement for the cheeses I would enjoy, we arrived to find they had a private party and would not seat us.  I begged and explained that I was in town for the weekend and could we please just sit at the corner of the bar in the back??!!??!  But, to no avail.  To be fair, the waitress was super sweet and apologetic and offered for us to come back the next day to buy some cheese, but it wasn't the same.......so sad.......
4	I ended up getting lost at the art walk and randomly ran into this place... and i have to say i am a big fan... it is in a different part of town than i normally hang out in but the atmosphere is pretty cool.... it feels trendy but is a casual place... they have a pretty good wine selection at various price ranges... i did not try the food and not sure about the happy hour but i will go back soon...
5	Out of all the wine bars I've been to in the Phoenix area (not counting Divine Wine in Mesa), this is my favorite! Hands down. The people are friendly, the room is spacious, the wine selection is supple & the atmosphere is cozy. The last time I went was after dinner at Panino on Central. My date and I went into the wine bar to sample a selection. He chose his with cheese. I did not. My wine was incredible. We were able to relax on the couch, continue our conversation while having amazing wine at our fingertips. I was giddy with pleasure. To top it off, the bathroom is unisex... and sneaky. Behind a wall without a handle, you almost have to tipsily stumble into it to find your way. While waiting for an open room (there are two private bathrooms once you're inside), a couple men profusely apologized. Evidently, they thought they were in the wrong bathroom. Little did they know. I would go back here in a heartbeat. In fact, I've been thinking of going soon - it's a perfect place for a date, since there's plenty of room to sit and an atmosphere conducive to conversation. Forget Kaz. Try Cheuvoront instead.
5	Amazing food, great presentation and sleek space - with NO WAIT on a Saturday night!  Huh?  Yes, you read that right.  After taking in the Body Worlds exhibit (What else does someone do after seeing dead bodies?  Have dinner of course!) at the AZ Science Center we headed to Pizzeria Bianco and decided that we really didn't want to wait 3.5 hours (Phoenix's equivalent of Bridge and Tunnel were at PB in full effect) for food, especially when there are so many great restaurants within 1 mile.  So off to Cheuvront it was, and what a great dinner it was.Atmosphere - 5 starsFood - 4.75 starsService - 3.75 starsOverall - 4.5 starsThis is my third visit over the past few years, and each time it has been on a weekend night with a surprisingly sparse crowd.  I'm not sure why this is.  I've never heard anything bad about this place, so I suspect AZ State Senator Cheuvront's restaurant must be suffering from light rail construction.  Their loss should be your gain, as diners are rewarded with light crowds and superb food and wine.  Even one of my dining guests visiting from New York City was impressed.The sexy modern space on the first floor of the Artisan Lofts sets that perfect urban tone that the menu and locale indicate.  We sat at a table towards the back close to the loungey sofa area and curtained bar tables.  Cool touch.  We started out with a nice bottle of sauvignon blanc chilled in a fancy container and noshed on a French charcuterie plate of a pate mousse, cornichons (I have a weakness for salty gherkins), two cheeses, marinated artichokes, asparagus, kalamata olives, smooth spicy mustard and a crusty artisanal sourdough baguette.  What a great way to start a dinner, eh?Our main entrees continued the pace and didn't disappoint.  I ordered the prosciutto wrapped grilled shrimp and macaroni and cheese.  Those thangs weren't shrimp.  These MOFOS were GIANT tiger prawns, and they were presented on a bed of mango avocado salsa drizzled with a balsamic reduction.  HEAVEN.  The macaroni was impressive as well - and cooked with three fancy cheeses: Quebec cheddar, comte and a dry jack cheese. Bonnie shared some of her ahi tuna salad nicoise - and that tuna was seared and seasoned perfectly, and surprisingly fresh.  Additionally I had a taste of the peppercorn filet and was pleased with the marinated tender taste of the meat.  Price for 3 people (apps, entrees and $40 bottle of wine) - $115.  Average entree - $16.  Not bad, methinks.My only complaint would be the service.  It was very good for the most part, but started to falter toward the end as our server's attentiveness (which was impressive most of the evening) left us with finished dinner plates on our table for about 15 minutes.  In his defense though, he gave us a very warm and classy (classy with a 'C') welcome and spoke very knowledgeably about the menu and wine when we had questions. Additionally, the hostess and other servers are super friendly and congenial. I'm eager for my next visit so I can try some of their martinis and buy cheeses from their retail section, but I would be just as happy enjoying a glass of wine there and soaking the place up.
4	I really like this place and would definitely come back.  I had a blueberry martini that was dreamy and for dinner I had the halibut entree which was also very good.  Their wine selection is very good... I did have a glass of wine too because someone ordered a bottle of wine and I felt compelled to help him out:)  And from what I remember the service was also very good.
5	Sigh.  I'm in love.  If only I lived closer to Cheuvront.  Maybe I'll move downtown just to be closer....My husband and I went in on a Saturday night for a few glasses of wine.  Once we saw the desserts, however, we knew we had to try it!  I ordered the pumpkin bread pudding which was very good (it wasn't the Harvard Faculty Club, but then again...what is?) and my husband selected the coconut pie.  Both servings were huge and covered in whipped cream.  They were fantastic.  Finally, a place to go for dessert here!We chose to sit at the bar and the bartender was amazing.  He offered us complimentary tastings of two delicious dessert wines and then even offered us a complimentary mini cheese sampler with an amazing sheep's milk cheese.  The atmosphere was perfect, it was laid back, kind of cafe/bistro-ish but still modern.  They were playing The Food Network which I absolutely loved...I've never seen that in a restaurant before! It was a great touch.   The wine list is extensive and reasonably priced.They have a wonderful wine dinner with four courses for only $55 a person!  I'm eager to attend one in the future and I definitely plan on going back for dinner in the near future.And that folks, was my 400th review. :)
4	Well... today we showed up to meet some people for a yelp thing. It was supposed to be a wine tasting at 4:30. I made reservations for today at 4:30 and was not corrected either time I called, but then maybe they were busy and figured I knew the right time.I showed up with the Hubster and Weinski for some vino-education, only to find out that the wine tasting actually began at 3:30, not 4:30. Well, the manager, Dave, sat us at the bar and told Jeff, the bar man, to take care of us. He let us sample some wines before choosing our glasses, and they also were kind enough to throw in the cheese plate that the wine tasters were enjoying. Unfortunately they had run out of the fontina during the official tasting, so we ended up with a more expensive and very tasty cheese.I enjoyed the Titus Zinfandel, Hubster ordered a dessert white, and Weinski got a Chardonnay before sampling the 3 Olives well vodka. He might have a headache later on.The ambiance was nice. A simple place in a great location, Cheuvront serves up a nice vino. We enjoyed our seats at the bar, the decor, and good conversation with Dave and Jeff. I caught a glimpse of the dessert tray. While one too many episodes of Ramsey's Kitchen Nightmares left me disappointed in pumpkin bread pudding that had been baked two days or so ago, it all looked delicious. I'll be back on an empty stomach to try the pear and candied walnut salad, chicken or veggie lasagna, and the dessert of the day.I'll also do my best to try something other than my new favorite, the Titus Zin. Full bodies red with hints of raspberries and blackberries. Light on the tannins, just like I like.If I frequent this place, I might get even better at pretending to be a wine snob! I might even actually learn something!
3	Wow, I'm surprised to see so many rave reviews of this place. My husband and I came here on Friday night and found it to just be OK.Now, to be fair, I am just basing this review on one visit.  But nothing we found really made us want to come back for a second time, to be honest. The food was really mediocre and my lychee mojito tasted more like a grapefruit juice and rum drink than anything else. Maybe I should have just ordered wine, but their cocktail menu looked so enticing!Part of our issue with the place was probably our own fault -- we came late on a Friday and the only place they could sit us was in the corner, right by the cheese case. I sort of felt like we were drinking in a deli. Also, the smell of bleach from either the table or the deli was so strong it was really messing with my sense of smell -- and probably my tastebuds. Our service  took waayyy longer than it should have (10 minutes before we even got a drink? They weren't THAT busy) but our waitress was friendly enough. My macaroni and cheese appetizer didn't do anything for me and my husband's salmon left him really cold. Eh... I guess I'd come back here for some wine, maybe as a happy hour type of place, but I probably will only do so if I'm in the area -- and only if I've already eaten something.
4	Went on a Thursday  after work ;  Although it was  nice outside on the patio I chose to sit  at the techno looking bar and was immediately greeted by the bartender /sommolier(Jeff??)  who was very knowlegeable and helpful .  Since this was  my first time here to  try the 3 cheese platter .  The 3 cheeses that Jeff recommended (Green Hill Brie from Ga.; Conte Gusn from France and the Hoch y Brig from Switzerland) were complemented by a nice Sav. Blanc .  Cheeses  were amazing and the fruits, almonds and slices of baguette were artistically plated.I then tried a red wine (Byron Santa Maria '05 ) that was so luscious I had to purchase a bottle to take home. Yes - that's right ! - you can purchase wines by the bottle and bulk cheeses to take with you.  The decor is modern with natural lighting and ample space between tables.  I definitely will return to try something new on both the wine list and menu.   RC
3	Busy, informal, good atmosphere. Well trained and pleasant staff.Food was presented nicely with adequate portions. Beer and Wineonly with good promos on various "Wine flight tastings" and somegood suggestions from the wait staff on what food pairings mightbe best enjoyed with your wine selection(s). A happy place andpopular by virtue of the 7:30PM crowds. I had dinner there 3 timesduring my month long Phoenix visit.
3	There are a number of things that are spectacular about Cheuvront -- it is a classy spot in an up-and-coming area of town, ripe with their targeted market, and in a gorgeous building that allows for sunlight and views of the best thoroughfare in Phoenix, Central Ave.The wines are expertly picked and they have included my favorites, Trimbach Gewurztraminer to Pascual Toso Malbec to the Sexto.  They have the old reliables like the Kim Crawford Sav Blanc.  They even have -- and I'm very impressed by this -- Cakebread Vineyards Chard!  Now, granted, I'm not keen on throwing down $70 for a bottle, nor is it really in my disposable budget when two bottles of the Sav Blanc will suffice; but if we are talking about a special occasion, THAT is your bottle.The cheese list is exhaustive and very impressive.  I wish I knew more about cheeses and pairings to offer a helpful review, but the pairings that were suggested by the waiter were perfect.  You can see their cheese menu online and its worth researching before you go so you'll know your varieties.The thing that bothers me about Cheuvront, however, is their chronic lack of atmosphere.  First, it kind of feels like drinking in the lobby of an airport.  There just isn't a ton of ambiance.  While I do enjoy the lighting, the brightness reflecting off of the concrete mess that is Central Ave is just really uncomfortable when you are trying to enjoy a bottle.  Where as Pacifico pairs beautifully with the sunny deck of a pool, I count on dim, moody lighting for a bottle of Pinot.  Furthermore, the place is just usually dead, no excitement, or aura.  Its bright, lacks energy, and the seating is mostly awkward.  This place deserves an inspired crowd, but I've yet to see it yet.  The mood even trickles, up/down to the staff who seem to be going through some of the motions.  I don't know, maybe its just my perception.  I think a lot of it has to do with the enormous amount of spacing between tables, and of course, the trepidation of those couches that seem to infiltrate all posh valley spots.  Ugh.  Those damn bar-lounge-couches will be in my local pub down in Hell.
5	The search is over...I have found my favorite wine bar in the Valley! Comfortably situated on Central Avenue slightly south of McDowell, it's a quiet, chic space that I think will be tremendously helped out once light rail opens in a few months. The wine list is nice and covers a wide range of palattes. I've had the Kim Crawford Sauvignon Blanc before which was good, and also had a glass of another white whose name escapes me. The second white I had was poured for me by the very friendly bartender Jeff...I told him what kind of wine I liked and he hand-selected one for me to try. It's not on the "wine by the glass" menu, so he opened the bottle and poured me a glass. I love when places do that!  The beer list while small has all of my favorite imports, so thumbs up on that as well.The first time I dined at Cheuvront was for dinner and my friend and I started with the Brillat Savarin which was creamy and very much like brie...it was delicious. I loved how the server asked if we wanted more baguette when she saw we were running low because we still had a lot of cheese left.  I felt that the one cheese plate was a perfect size for two people to split as an appetizer. For dinner I had the caesar salad which was light and the perfect meal for a warm spring day.  I took a bite of my friend's Pizza Chevre which was really good and hearty.  I most recently dined at Cheuvront for lunch today with a group of friends. Our waiter was incredibly pleasant and even though the menu said they do not split checks, he was very nice about running two credit cards and breaking cash to make change.  Everyone at the table seemed very pleased by what they ordered. I had the macaroni and cheese which comes with a side salad. The mac and cheese was the perfect lunch sized portion and the salad was light and crispy.  Prices are very reasonable for both wine and food.Cheuvront is a great spot for lunch, dinner, or just to sit at the bar and try a new wine or two.  I know I will be there in the future especially with Kristin S. moving so close to it!
2	WATCH OUT FOR THE TIP AUTOMATICALLY CHARGED BY THE SERVER IF YOU ARE THERE FOR THE GROUP GATHERING!I have been to this place twice (Happy Hour and Dinner) and the food and wine are generally decent. I can't complain much about the ambient, cheese, food, and wine, but when it comes to the time to pay, some server charges excessive amount of service tip on your bill. You need to watch out for this and need to sober up!One of the servers told me that the tip amount for the group gathering (6 people or more) is 18% out of the total before Tax, but when I received the bill the gratuity was 23% AFTER THE TAX amount. (I realized this when I saw the bill next day). So I over paid the tip although I thought the service was OK. (I asked for a glass of ice water several times, but the server was keep forgetting my requests).Again, if you are planning some group event here, please watch out for the tip unless you believe the service is superb....
4	Happy hour was a dish of roasted goat cheese and chicken phyllo pockets, salad Caprese, and a mango mojito.  Kudos on the tasty goat cheese pockets and balsamic reduction!!  While quite simple in its execution, the salad was perfect with the fresh-tasting mozzarella.  The mojito was a first for me, and I cannot wait to order another on my next visit, which will have to be for dinner...  While I haven't eaten at Portland's cheese and wine bar, I did prefer the natural light, decor and relaxed vibe at Cheuvront's.  I've never been a fan of darkly lit restaurants, and Cheuvront's was just very inviting.
4	Tonight, five of us went to our first First Monday seminar at the Burton Barr Central Library with fine art photographer (Roger Palmenberg) . The seminar was fun. Being able to walk to our destination...Cheuvront Restaurant & Wine Bar (I googled them) was perfect. You don't have to fight for a seat on a Monday night! The proprieter and two great guys helped us put together tables for 15 of us. Others came over that we met at the Library. We were a half hour early for the Reverse Happy Hour that starts at 9. Dang it. So my delish chocolate mint martini was $10 and not $7. The service was good. Sitting and visiting just felt comfortable. Our group of five decided to order all five desserts so we could try everything! We ordered creme brulee, flourless chocolate cake, lemon tart, pumpkin bread pudding and coconut cream pie. We all had so much fun trying so many different things, that was what made the experience fun! I told them I was going to do my first review on here and we had even more fun voting for our favorites! With 3 votes, the winner was PUMPKIN BREAD PUDDING. It was heaven. With 2 votes, second place went to the coconut cream pie. The others were just ok.  But it was the combined seminar/restaurant experience with friends that made the evening unique and thus, special.
2	Meh.Can't believe I'm going to say this... but...So, forget Cheuvront. Just go to Kazmirez.Atleast at Kaz, you get ample variety when you order the fruit/cheese tray. At Cheuvront, you get a minute amount of cheese (only two types) with hardly any fruit or nuts. Forget it. Not worth it. Not after having Kazmirez fruit/cheese tray. Nothing else can compare. I tried a Viogner by the glass, and it was the worst Viogner I've ever had. Also good to know: their bottle service is pricey. You can guy a $17 bottle of wine there and take it to go (good deal) or pay $35 for the same bottle to drink it at the restaurant. Uhmm... wow. I feel for my date. He bought a glass of wine, 1 bottle of wine and 1 small cheese/fruit tray and it come to around $100. That, my friends, is the definition of absurdity.
5	As far as wine and cheese bars go - this place has Postino's beat by a long shot.  The wine list is impressive.  The staff can make recommendations on the fly.  The owner actually takes his staff to visit vinyards so they become familiar with the wines.  The food is out of this world - but unpretentious.   You don't have to travel to Scottsdale to get fine food and drink -- we've got it right here in Central Phoenix at Cheuvront.   With that said - try the Macaroni and Cheese - which is what I tried tonight - out of this world, albeit a little spicy.  I've eaten there three times and have yet to try a desert because I'm so stuffed from the fabulous cheese selection and wine.  My new favorite!
4	Although I love to enjoy a glass (or a bottle) of wine late at night or with a fancier dinner, I usually prefer a good cocktail, especially when I'm at happy hour planning to take the edge off of a long, stressful day. For that reason, I tend not to frequent wine bars like Cheuvront during happy hour. However, when my husband and I met Kristin S and her husband there for happy hour a few weeks ago, I was pleasantly surprised to find out that Cheuvront also has a full bar. Unfortunately, the discounted specialty cocktails they offered during happy hour weren't particularly appealing (I tend to shy away from martinis with names like "Grapetini"), and the cucumber mojito I did try was way too sweet, but it was really nice to know that they had a full bar. They also featured a small happy hour menu with 7-8 items for $5 each. Unlike some other reviewers, I wasn't that impressed with the mac and cheese (it didn't have nearly enough cheese and had none of the crispiness I usually associate with the homemade version of the dish). We also found the mini pizza to be just average (although the slightly creamy tomato sauce was delicious). However, the Ancho Pork Empanadas with a side of orange marmalade were absolutely delectable, and the pate was a really generous portion for the price. We also enjoyed the dinner salad we ordered off the regular menu (the shallot vinaigrette was delicious) and the Pumpkin Bread Pudding, which was a little dry but had great flavor. Our dining companions both had the Salad Niscoise, featuring ahi tuna, which looked filling but light. In terms of service and atmosphere, we were pretty impressed. We appreciated the fact that we could sit a regular table and order off the happy hour menu, and our server was definitely available when we needed him. I also loved the urban but not over-the-top decor; there are some nice loft-like touches (slick floors, metal accents, ceiling beams) throughout that fit in beautifully with the residential Artisan Lofts that occupy the rest of the building.  Cheuvront is a solidly enjoyable place to kick back after a long day of work. Although some of their happy hour food and cocktails could use some improvement, I was impressed by the atmosphere, service, and most of the dishes. I will definitely be back to give this place another try.
4	I really liked this place!!!! A group of us were headed out to dinner on a Sunday for my Birthday in September and figured we head down town...Well nothing was open!!!! No Portland's, not Lisa G's, not Pasta Bar nothing...so after an hour (literally) we settled at this place...now we had no idea what to expect, but here it is a nut shell...The food was great, the service absolutely amazing, our server made some really thoughtful suggestions...The wine and beer selection were totally unique, try the pumpkin ale they had on tap...Their cheese selection was large and all the right regions (France/Italy/Spain) were represented...and your server will no doubt help you out making a selection. The desserts were actually out of this world...The pumpkin bread pudding was literally sinful! It's a must, but I have a strange feeling their desserts change regularly.. Anyway point is that place is really chill and its got a nice "down town" vibe...Cheuvront and Kazmirez are worlds apart in food, crowd, and service...I don't really like to compare them....actually the only thing they have in common is that they both sell wine and cheese....Oh, and they offer 25% off of Bottles to resturant industry workers!! Way to be!!!!
5	Oh dear god, I'm in love...Peppered Filet and Martini Scallop dreams fill my mind. Blue Cheese stuffed olives in my martini?? what?? shut the fuck UP!! Sooooo amazing. Quality all the way. I had a glass of Byron Pinot Noir (fabulous) then a white chocolate martini for desert. (I prefer to drink my desert). Great romantic spot to bring a date. Secures that you will be getting action later, trust me. If you see me at Cheuvront stop by and say hello. I'll be the one in the corner making sweet love to the macaroni and cheese..... no joke.
3	I think I really like this place. Ayesha and I had a chance to visit  Cheuvront on a Monday night. It wasn't terribly busy when we arrived and we were warmly greeted. Unfortunately we were seated next to a loud group of young children that thought they knew something of the world and were very LOUDLY passionate about their arguments. The F bombs were being dropped so incessantly that it became annoying. Our server and the manager that was walking around said nothing to this group. Finally when I could no longer hear what Ayesha was saying, I got up and told the Junior Aristocrats to shut the hell up. The manager and the waiter came over to apologize for the patrons' behavior. I wish they would have done the scolding, not me, oh well.  I could finally enjoy my meal. I got the Marguerite which was cut into strips rather than triangles. The pizza sauce was flavorful, and the cheese was real mozzarella, not that processed stuff that you would find on cheaper pizza. The wine that I picked was really good, though I can't remember what I drank (sorry gang). I really liked the decor and the 007 movies playing in the background. I look forward to visiting Cheuvront's again to try their other dishes and maybe not have to set some people straight on using their "inside voices".
4	To be fair, I should start by mentioning my deep and abiding love of cheese. Seriously, this is like a joke among my friends and/or anyone who has been to whole foods with me. So, when I find a place with a long wine list and some adventurous cheese choices, I tend to fall and fall hard. Discovered this place after going to the Friday night Art Walk. It is right across from the Downtown Phoenix Public Library where we parked. Needless to say, we were thrilled with our choice. The cheese selection here is deep and the wait staff is knowledgeable. The wine selection is also great. I had a chicken dish that was excellent and my husband, as usual, ordered the steak. My friend who was with us is a vegetarian, and we all appreciated the fact that there were several vegetarian selections available. The atmosphere here is very laid back and we all lingered over wine and dinner. Near the bar they were showing an old James Bond film on a large screen. in french. which somehow made the place feel all that more sophisticated and charming. I will def. be back and would recommend this place for a long meal and, esp., a post-art walk nosh.
4	If you're in downtown Phoenix, and have some money to spend on a date, this is your place.  Or if you're like me and have an unending love of different cheeses, you're good too.  In the emerging downtown Phoenix nightlife scene, this place may be the crown jewel.A disclaimer for starters.  I'm friends with one of the waitresses there.  She was the one who pretty much roped me into this place.  I let her pick the cheeses for me as a first timer.  There's no way to try out all of them (there's about three dozen different kinds to choose from), so I got a plate of Parmiagiano Reggiano, Carmody, and Mimolette.  I happen to be a red wine guy so these selections went perfectly with a Syrah.  The wine and cheese menus recommend wine and cheese combinations for you if you're not familiar with different styles.  The waiters there are also very knowledgable about what wine and cheese combos work best.  They always serve the cheeses with some crackers, nuts and fruit to go with it.  You can buy a helping of cheese to take home too if you want.The restaurant itself is pretty modern with a comfortable low key industrial feel to it.  It's situated at the bottom floor of a condo complex and just steps away from the main Phoenix library and Hance Park.  They've got a couch area in the back of the restaurant if you want to lounge with a group of friends.  You can also get a patio seat right along Central Ave.   Now that the light rail is up and running, my sense is that this place is going to see ALOT more business as word continues to spread about this place.Now if you're not huge into wine and cheese, they do have a full lunch and dinner menu.  I haven't tried any of their lunch or dinner items and they are a little pricey.  Although if other Yelpers are any indication, they're probably worth a shot and I'll probably give one of those entrees a go next time I'm there.It goes without saying that downtown Phoenix isn't the first area of town that most people think of when they think of hangout spots and eateries.  It's still not quite there yet, but with places like Cheuvront's and other unique spots opening nearby, it shouldn't be long before a regular stream of urban crawlers start filling up places like this on a regular basis.  In the meantime, stop in and try a cheese and wine combo.  The chances of you getting hooked are quite high.
3	We met up with some other yelpers here last night before celebrating New Years we arrived a little early and had a glass of wine at the bar, I had a glass of Lo Tengo Torrentes, which was as described crisp light with a touch of peach, shortly after our friends arrived and we were promptly seated for my first course I had the steamed mussels I got about 6 well prepared mussels served in a salty buttery sauce they were tasty but not very filling my second course was the crab bisque the soup was hearty with lots of fresh crabmeat this was followed by an intermezzo of raspberry sorbet that was tasty but seemed out of place as a palate cleanser, my main course was the sake steamed sea bass, the cut of fish was very savory it was served with some crispy and tasty green beans and some forbidden rice that I found kind of bland and dry which aren't exactly the words that come to mind when I think of rice, for dessert I had the chocolate decadence torte which was a nice end to the mealWhich brings me to my final thought, I've been to cheuvront a handful of times, and it has a lot of things that I like and I want to like it more unfortunately the portions they serve tend to be too petite for my appetite and last night our service was extremely slow in total we spent over 3 hours at the restaurant it didn't seem particularly crowded however I think as a group we didn't feel as attended to as we should  have been the service didn't pick up until a member of our party said something to the staff which was inconvenient because we made a 6:30 reservation because we had other plansI would still go back to cheuvront however I think in the future it would be better for just drinks and possibly appetizers
5	I take my wife here all the time.  It's a great date place.  The food is always good and the staff is always knowledgeable of the wines and paring them with foods.  We haven't had a bad glass or bottle yet.  My wife likes to order their Cherry Lemon Drop Martini and I have to admit I enjoy it too.The food is always prepared with care and I've always enjoyed a cheese plate or a Flight of wines with their recommended cheese pairings.I would like to extend my kudos to Barry.  He is the reason I kept returning as he has what it takes to take the front of the house experience to the next level.
4	When Sen. Ken Cheuvront opened this restaurant, I was living in Midtown phoenix and it was at a time when a lot of restaurants in the area didn't exist. I was beyond excited of it's creation. It's a very trendy urban feel, with a nice patio on Central Avenue. Located at the bottom of Artisan condos, it's not a terribly easy place to see if you're driving by. They feature an incredible selection of wines and cheeses, of which you can purchase and take home as well as nosh in the restaurant. They also feature smaller sized entrees for those who are not looking to get stuffed on greasy messes and feel sick all night.A particular favorite of mine are the ancho pork empanadas which are fluffy and crispy with a little orange in the pork. They are definitely delicious. Also great is their white pizza featuring sea scallops. There is nothing here that is oddly unique, but everything is interesting, and it is a nice spot to hang out with friends and have a nice night out. Especially during a first friday.
4	I've been waiting to go here - mostly because Cheuvront is my senator and I wanted to believe that he could do more than make racist comments at equality rallies (seriously - was anyone else there for that...wtf). But I was really impressed by their wine and their cheese selection. It's the best wine bar I've been to in Central Phoenix. I had an amazing bottle of Malbec and their memolet was fantastic. We sat at the bar and the man waiting on us was really helpful and attentive. It was fairly quiet in here but it was a weeknight. Not sure what the weekends look like.My only complaint/inquiry/confusion was - no door handles going to the bathroom? how do I know which side to push on? weird and not high-art enough to be cool.
4	I had a pretty decent experience or two here on weeknights.  The staff was friendly and had excellent wine knowledge and we dug the cheeses that came with our selections.  Dinner was really good as well.It was weird having a TV on in a wine bar.  Might want to lose that if you haven't already?  As hard as I try, I'll still remember that night less for the cheese and wine than for being the only half hour of "So You Want to Be A Country Star!" I've ever endured.
3	If I were rating based only on atmosphere & drinks, Cheuvront would definitely get 4+ stars.  The decor of the dining room/bar is modern & classy without being too pretentious & dark, I imagine this would be a great "date" destination.  I don't think anyone in our group ordered wine, but they offer some interesting  variations on mixed drinks - we tried blackberry mojitos and pomegranite martinis, they were both quite yummy.The food was a mixed bag.  We ordered a pair of mac-n-cheese trios as appetizers, which allowed us to sample each of the six varieties they offer.  The bleu cheese mac-n-cheese was our favorite, the shrimp & traditional were just so-so, and the other varieties were pretty good.  The entrees were well-prepared but pretty small in terms of size - the folks who ordered salads seemed to get a better deal, those were served in very filling portions.  I had a great chocolate ganache cake for dessert, but it too was tiny and it was one of only two dessert offerings for the evening.What really brought down my rating a bit was the service - it was friendly but very sloooowww - as the evening wore on our group began to get weary from just sitting around and began to count the trains going up & down Central just to stay alert.I'd probably come back to Cheuvront again for a simple outing of drinks and cheese, but might think twice about returning for a sit-down meal unless I was sure that I'd have plenty of time to spare.
5	Cheuvront's is a gem.  Their wine selection is superb and their cheeses are tough to trump.  I have always been treated to wonderful service and taste treats.  I also love that they have such a wonderful champagne by the glass selection.  The Laurent-Perrier is by far the best and I love that they have it in splits.  Always something to look forward to when traveling to Phoenix.
4	After spending almost 3 hours at this restaurant on NYE and our party having to reschedule some of the nights events.  I was somewhat reluctant to go back to cheuvront so soon when some of our friends asked us to go with them after the OYE at the Heard Museum. regardless we went for appetizers and cocktails, with a party of at least 10 we were able to get in and out in about an hour and a half. My Wife and I shared some of the pork empanada's which were actually very good, and I had a Pizza Blanc with scallops and shrimp, and for the first seafood pizza I've ever had I was quite impressed.
2	I really wanted to like Cheuvront--the idea of having an urbane spot in which to explore a wide range of wines and uncommon cheeses was very appealing.  If I had stuck with that I might have had a very different experience.  Unfortunately, I tried to range farther afield and came away feeling like everything except the wine and cheese came from Costco.Cheuvront gets predictably high marks for the range of the wine list and the varieties of cheeses--if Wallace and Gromit decided to move to the desert and become social drinkers, here is where they would do it.  I took the menu's advice and paired a Queso Iberico cheese plate with a pinot noir (Cartlidge & Browne '07) and liked both very much.  Actually, I liked the cheese.  The rest of the "plate"--almonds, dried cranberries, and a few grapes in their twilight years--evoked no real response at all.  My accomplice in dining chose the Pascual Toso Malbec '07 (accurately described as a full-bodied red) and summer salad.  The wine was great--complex and dry without being acerbic--but the salad tasted like the chef had just given two weeks' notice.  The chicken was bland, the "mixed field greens" had clearly just come out of a bag, and the roasted shallot white balsamic vinaigrette was the middle school marching band of dressings: yes, I recognized what was being attempted but still felt bullied by it.  The pumpkin bread pudding was good, but not worth making a trip for.  The latte and cappuccino were fine, but here's a tip for the kitchen: if you want coffee to stay hot, warm the cup first.  By the time our friendly-yet-overwhelmed server came back with the cinnamon, the drinks were lukewarm.  Speaking of service, let's not.  We got menus, we got food, we got the bill.  We also waited a lot, heard several rationalizations for said waiting times, and had to repeat requests.  We spent two hours for a snack-sized meal that required no cooking except for the bread pudding that had obviously been made much earlier.If I could send one message to Mr. Cheuvront, it would be this: It doesn't require any particular talent to sell good wine and good cheese at above-average prices.  It does, however, require talent and skill and desire to create an experience that keeps folks coming back.  If I want to drink good wine in a mediocre setting, I'll buy a bottle at AJ's and smuggle it into Denny's.
4	Kristi's review said, "Great romantic spot to bring a date. Secures that you will be getting action later, trust me." Well, that's good enough for me. And before the Yelp paparazzi shows up to muckrack... no I didn't take Kristi to Cheuvront's. I know better than that - I only hang with Kristi at dive bars. So I did take my lovely date to Cheuvronts. The decor and ambiance - think wide open and urban and dark without being too dark. It really set a mood. We ordered a bottle of wine from a fantastic list, along with a cheese plate and a pate plate. We had them select the cheeses to pair with the wine we had chosen with a few instructions as to cheese preferences. They have a selection of pates as well, and we had them choose similarly.The cheese plate contained three cheeses, all superb. It was served with (good!) bread, some nuts, and some dried cranberries. The two pate plate was similarly served with bread and dark, delicious mustard. The pates were fantastic - the cheese plate and pate plate seemed destined to be served together. The food and drink were great, the service a little spotty especially since there weren't that many people in there. I'm guessing the waitress just didn't want use to feel like she was bothering us. After taking our time to enjoy the wine, cheese, and pate, we were both feeling full with no room for even dessert. Overall, a great meal, my date thought it was one of the best places she had ever been to, and I'm clearly going to have to pay more attention to Kristi's reviews.
5	Amazing. a. If you impress me with a chicken breast you are doing a DAMN good job. b. Spanish plate with Manchego, Serrano, date-bread and all types of other goodness = epic.c Basil and gin martini, wtf so odd but awesome... and i hate gin!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hU6sN5r6vayqm_RMgvPGOQ?select=1641PJE2BHJbwTD1t6z2PAd. Todd and the nice manager lady, both good peoples. c. Did i mention AMAZING chicken breast, yes i am actually raving about CHICKEN... granted chicken with lemon piccata, capers, arugula, and home made 'gnocchi' which were more like a pretzel bread than a gnocchi but none the less amazing.d. OH and pumpkin bread pudding... wow.. effing wow. Go for the page-long cheese menu and affordable yet varied wine selection.  I can not believe this place has been here for five years and i just now visited it. The Spanish plate, two cocktails, two glasses of wine, two entrees and a desert was only a bill... cant get that in LA.
4	Now that construction of the light rail is finally complete, I find myself going to Cheuvron't s for lunch a whole lot more. It's a great place to meet up with people partly because you don't have to deal with a snotty hostess shooting you stink eye for wanting a table before your whole party arrives. They're friendly AND happy to see their customers there. Plus, they have Humboldt Fog on the cheese menu so I can always get a taste of home. For lunch I usually order either the Summer Salad (chicken, grapes, apples, candied pecans with mixed greens and balsamic dressing) or the Chicken and Spinach salad (includes strawberries and I substitute pecans for almonds). This week I tried something new and was relieved that it turned out pretty good. I had the sesame crusted tuna steak "sandwich." It's served atop a ciabatta roll that is too crusty to eat like a regular sandwich so just use your knife and fork. And, next time I will definitely ask for more of the chipotle mango mayo on the side for dipping. Good flavors. BONUS: you can get a to-go iced tea with your check and they don't charge you for an extra drink!This also is a great place to meet up for a pre-show drink if you're headed to the theater. I also have heard good things about their brunch menu on the weekends so that might have to be on the itinerary for a Sunday trip to the Art Museum via METRO. Yes. Yes. Go, eat cheese, drink wine, be happy. Yes.
4	We visited Cheuvront for happy hour one evening and had a nice time. We sat outside and even though there is a little noise from the light rail, it was quite pleasant on the patio. The happy hour drink prices were reasonable which was nice. We hadn't planned on ordering any food but decided to go with a cheese plate after our server gave us a good sales pitch. There are a ton of different cheeses to choose from and we had a hard time deciding, so we asked if he could pick some out that would go with the drinks we ordered. The choices he made were fantastic, I wish I could remember their names. So if you go and you can't decide what to order, their suggestions were spot on!!! Looking forward to returning to Cheuvront and having lunch or dinner!!
3	Hmm.  I admit, I have little to no business reviewing a wine and cheese place.  I enjoy my wine as much as the next boozehound, but these high end places that cater to such a thing are usually lost on me.  Cheuvront is no exception.We sat on the patio with the surprisingly noisy light rail banging by all night (forgive me light rail, I still love you).  My chair was broken, but the server kept his cool with us even though we must have sounded bitchy.  The bathroom situation was... awkward, but again, maybe that's just me.I'm sure that those with my proclivities are smart enough to avoid Cheuvront by the name alone.  I ended up there and don't want to throw the place under the light rail because its somewhere I'd never normally go.  Take it from someone a little higher on the social ladder than me maybe.
4	This is where Marie Antoinette would eat, were she a contemporary Phoenician and not a deposed French ruler from the eighteen century. Total decadence. Total indulgence. Totally wrong but oh-so-right. Brunch: cheese plate, eggs Benedict in a spicy hollandaise, Gruet mimosa. Lunch: cheese plate, burger with dry jack cheese and pancetta on ciabatta, sweet potato fries, gin-cucumber martini.Oh my god, the cheese list. I really hope I never become lactose intolerant. Because I don't think it would stop me from devouring cheese plates like they're going out of style, but it would make the aftermath upsetting. Anyway, their list is robust and I've yet to try something I don't like. The Roaring '40s blue is excellent. Idiazabal was like a Spanish manchego, but smokier. The manchego was hard and nutty and delicious. The Chimay Grand Cru made great use of its Belgian beer namesake and was smooth and a bit soft.Would you think I was weird if I said the Hoch Ybrig tasted like a Swiss mountain meadow? Whatever, it totally did - floral and fresh and pastoral. I bet those cows were eating some sweet clover and spring blossoms. Wine, cheese, bread. It's like a guaranteed homerun in my book. One problem - some of the sloooowest food ever. And not in that this-was-grown-within-a-four-block-radius way, either. Just slow. Like fucking molasses. Order-in to food-received: 55 minutes. For three burgers, a macaroni and cheese and a cold turkey sandwich. During a late lunch amongst not more than five other tables. This only makes sense if the kitchen contains a bong. Or maybe a live pig. Don't think about it, though. Just order another cocktail, consume your weight in cheese and, if you want to reenact my own experience, drool a little. As Marie Antoinette would say (OK, probably not, since this is totally unverified and historically questionable, but fuck you for saying so), "Let them each cheese!"
4	I recently visited Cheuvront on a Sunday evening. We were the only people in the restaurant, with the exception of the bartenders and wait staff, so you could definitely say that the service was fast. :) No happy hour on a Sunday evening, but we decided to test it out anyways. One whole page of available cheeses, so if you're a cheese connoisseur (not me), this would be pretty exciting. If you're not, it's a bit confusing and overwhelming. We asked our server for suggestions, and we were pleasantly surprised with how knowledgeable he was about the cheese selections. Apparently, all of the cheese are flown in (no sure from where), and then held until they reach the prime age for serving. We ordered the three cheese plate with the Roaring 40's blue cheese, a sharp cheddar, and a Spanish cheese that I absolutely cannot remember the name of. All were delicious and were fantastic recommendations that paired nicely with our wine choices. We had also heard great things about the macaroni and cheese, so we decided to test them out. They have several variations on this old classic, so we chose to try the Blue Cheese and the traditional. The traditional was delicious- not overly cheesy (both literally and figuratively), and was baked. Yum! However, if you're on a tight budget, I wouldn't recommend visiting outside of Happy Hour. We ordered two glasses of wine, one soft drink, one three-cheese plate, two bowls of macaroni and a lasagna and found ourselves on the receiving end of a $70 bill. While the service and food were delicious, I thought that the price was a bit extravagant for the portion sizes. Overall, I enjoyed my experience, and will definitely return during Happy Hour.
4	Even though I came here with my dad and as weird as it sounds, this seems like a really good spot to take a date. I kinda came into this place by a half-way accident and found out how it really was. I'm French, so after seeing the dopey sounding French name that doesn't mean anything, I decided to check it out. The minute I stepped in I thought, "Oh crap, should've shown up here with a girl." Seriously though, it's not that bad. You can show up here with anyone, but it seems like a more date-ish kinda spot.The range of wines at Cheuvront is pretty good. There tends to be more American or South American labels, but there are a few European ones as well. What makes this place unique to the Valley is that it's a wine AND cheese bar. Being French, these are two things that you are raised on and make such a wonderful marriage of tastes that it seems like such a travesty that no bar has been devoted to both. Anyway, the wine here is good and so is the cheese.Overall, this is a really chill place to either wind down after work or to shmooze with a date. I highly recommend this place because if you haven't done the wine/cheese thing you really don't know what you're missing. Just a heads up, the best nights to go here seem to be during the weekend; other nights are just dead.
5	I tried a wine tasting a loved everything about the place; atmosphere, service, and wine and food were excellent. Highly recommend it!
3	Tried a mac 'n cheese "flight" this past Tuesday, 4/21.  One serving costs $8, or a trio $10.  I chose blue cheese, pancetta and caramelized red onion, and butternut squash.  I favored the blue cheese for huge flavor and the pancetta and onion for lovely texture.  The butternut was alright- mildly sweet and I did like it for nibbling.  At the very least, it was my veggie portion of the meal!  I thought the presentation could've been better; I can appreciate the rustic look- one really cannot control how the cheeses will boil and spew in the oven... Well, have a look at the photos and tell me what you think!  I did witness another table receive a "better-looking" trio of ramekins, of what I don't know, so perhaps she chose a different set from what I'd ordered.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hU6sN5r6vayqm_RMgvPGOQ?select=4f5Y0561dLrB-69S0lH6GQLoved the section of lemon tarte I had for dessert!  Awesome buttery shortbread with a well of lemon curd, then topped with a fresh lemon slice.  I did notice that my tarte slice was cracked in a couple of places;  Thought it "clever" of the server to hand the dish to me with the lemon slice neatly covering up the defects...  Still a great-tasting dessert, though- it's a must-try if you like lemons or buttery shortbread!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hU6sN5r6vayqm_RMgvPGOQ?select=Y6gF0oMs3bwU8vjC7Kymsg
5	I've been to Cheuvronts over the years for lunch and afternoon wine and cheese pairings, and always had a good time.But the real sleeper deal and meal is their weekend breakfast menu. I've been three times now, had their version of Eggs Benedict the first two and today, a wonderful Filet Medallion with 2 eggs, potatoes and fruit cup...with blueberry muffin. The Eggs Benedict is $9.50, today's meal was $12.00. All fresh and wonderful and the best part, no wait. You can dine on the patio or inside. When I think that folks are waiting at First Watch and Matt's Big Breakfast, while I just sail over to a table,  I pity those fools. It's not the cheapest breakfast in the Valley, but for the price it's certainly one of the best.
4	Happy hour includes $5 appetizers and discount on wines by the glass. Try to pork empanada (little piece of heaven) and the chicken phyllo pockets.
3	I love the ambiance in this place.  It is great for a group of friends or for a quiet date night.  Their wine selection is wonderful and the staff is extremely knowledgeable.  I don't go there to really eat all that often only because I am a vegetarian and their vegetarian selection is just OK.  Not that what I have had wasn't fantastic but there are better places to go for vegetarian dining.  Their brunch is fairly decent but a tad expensive.  What I enjoy most is the wine tastings (they have them every month).  Each time I go I learn something new about wine and have had the pleasure of tasting some unique and flavorful vino's.  I highly recommend Cheuvront!
5	I have to give this place 5-stars. The cheese plates are small and everything is a bit pricey, but I feel it's well worth it. Windows surround the building to the east and north. You can gaze out on Central Avenue and watch passers-by, cars and the light rail. The area suggests Phoenix is coming of age into a more distinctive urban area, rather than its notorious sprawling suburban-esque cityscape. It's in a gentrifying neighborhood that's quickly becoming a more artistic, upscale part of town. They have a lengthy wine and cheese list, the latter offering suggested wine pairings (if you're embarrassed to ask the server.) However, some pairings not suggested may surprise you. The last time I went I was a bit disappointed that my favorite wine they sell (Duck Pond) is only available by the bottle. The cheeses are good, though I've learned from experience to try a small taste of some before taking a larger bite, and I haven't heard of most of them before going here. I enjoy the Nearly Naked Theatre company, which performs at the neighboring Phoenix Art Museum, and always stop in here for a bit of wine and cheese prior to showtime.
4	A quick blurb on TDC and then on to the FOOD: We are a group of 5 downtown Phonenix dwellers determined to try all the great, locally owned restaurants in the Phoenix (and every once in a while Scottsdale, Chandler, Tempe) area. Every two weeks, a Dinner Club member pulls a restaurant out of a hat (well technically its a manilla envelope). We then set a time and date and all meet at the selected restaurant. After dinner we all give the place a rating. Our official TDC star rating on yelp is an average of everyone's individual rating. And now to the food!Cheuvront was the pick for the week of 5/11/09 was Cheuvront. We started with the cheese plate. One of the best things about Cheuvront is the tremendous selection of cheeses and usually a staff that actually knows about the cheeses on the menu. We did a three cheese plate...loved one, other two were ok. A bit spendy for the amount of cheese you get...but still quite satisfying.We then decided to do an appetizer style dinner rather ordering individual entrees....we ordered the phyllo chicken pockets, pork empanadas, fig tart, mac and cheese flight, gnocchi, and the appetizer special (that evening it was seared scallops over a paella style risotto). We found all the appetizers to be pretty delicious...the consensus favorite was the fig tart, closely followed by the phyllo pockets. The mac and cheese flight was a favorite as well (we went with the bleu cheese, pancetta and onion, and spicy sausage...we ranked them in that order from favorite to least, although we enjoyed all three). There was not a dud among the selection, although in our discussion after dinner, everyone agreed that if we had to choose a loser it would be the empanadas.For dessert, we ordered the house specialty, pumpkin bread pudding...which was darn tasty (although there are better bread puddings to be found).All in all a wonderful dining experience! A dinner club top 3.
5	Yum yum yum. Husband and I first went there early on a First Friday night and were pleasantly surprised to be seated right away. We didn't want anything too heavy since we were planning on doing some walking so we split the Spanish cheese plate which was delightful. The fig cake is delicious!! Splitting the plate made the bill pretty affordable and it was just enough to fill us up without overdoing it.The server was very helpful in suggesting a champagne for me and red wine for husband. Don't remember what we had but my champagne had a strawberry in it and was perfectly bubbly. Ambiance and decor is nice and mellow. We've since been back with friends and it has been enjoyable for both a date night and chatting it up with people. Enjoy!
5	If I keep having flashbacks about my lovely dinner here last night, then it must be worthy of 5 stars. Husband and I went here for a late dinner last night on our anniverary-eve. It was a Monday, and there were only two other couples there, so it was nice and quiet. The ambience is relaxed and warm, and our server was attentive and informative, but not smothering.We started with a three-cheese plate. They have a long list of cheese varieties from which to choose. We got the Truffle Tremor (goat), Abbaye (Sheep) and Three Sisters of Serena (cow). It comes with baguette slices, pear slices, strawberries, grapes, dried cranberries, almonds, and a delicious candied-syruppy-dried-fruit-and-nut combination.I ordered the duck for my entree, and it was superb. The duck breast was excellent, but the best part was the blue-cheese-potato croquette and the diced mango and poblano relish. I could have licked my plate. We were too full for dessert, but they looked great.I loved that you can order half-glasses of wine. It gave me a chance to taste a couple of different kinds without a)breaking the bank, and b)getting so sloshed that I couldn't drive home.I enjoyed everything about my experience here. The only drawback to the entire meal was that the server told us that the mac-and-cheese plate was big enough for a meal, but when it came, it was actually pretty small (perfect size for a starter). Husband insisted that it was just enough, but I would have preferred he have a bigger main course. But I digress.Expect to pay upwards of $50/person if you go all out and order wine, starters, and entrees, but this could easily be an affordable dinner at happy hour or if you just get a few starter plates to share. The portions are adequate, but not really big enough to take home leftovers.I can't wait to go back to sample some more wine and cheese!
5	Had brunch here this morning (Sunday), and there was exactly one other table of diners there the whole time we were there. I don't understand why this place was so empty when Matt's Big Breakfast has lines out the door. Oh well, better for me. Once again, Cheuvront did not disappoint. The blueberry muffins that come to the table, piping hot, were lovely. I ordered the Eggs Benedict Cheuvront, which consists of lightly poached eggs, black forest ham, and a delicious poblano hollandaise over a toasted baguette. The potatoes on the side were spiked with rosemary and so tasty dragged through the hollandaise (but then, what isn't?).My friends ordered the egg white omelet and the fritatta, and both cleaned their plates.
4	What the eff is up with the James Bond movies playing at this place? The first time Spouse and I went they were playing Octopussy, I believe, and I thought it was sorta cool. But now that we go on a semi-weekly basis, the James Bond movies always playing just seem bizarro. On our last visit, it was For Your Eyes Only, and it was subtitled in French! Again I ask, WTF? I guess it's some sort of hipster douchebag thing... or maybe owner/councilman Ken Cheuvront is just a Bond fan. Girlfriend needs to get a Netflix membership.Anyways, I just want a good meal. And a cocktail. And a hot waiter to make googoo eyes at. Fortunately for Cheuvront's, they deliver all three (not literally).Spouse and I have been so many times, we've had every item on the entree menu (except the Duck because... ewww, gamey). It's pretty limited and super basic; seriously, the items actually read: Lasagna, Chicken, Salmon, etc. But every single one of them is tasty. I typically order the Filet, or I go for the Chicken if I'm feeling cheap. And we always order the goat cheese and chicken Phyllo Packets from the appie menu. Gawd, they are so good I could live on Phyllo Packets alone. I'm pretty sure if they wheeled a barrel of goat cheese to our table, I'd stuff my entire face into it.Our fave waiter is Jeremiah. He's so dreamy.
4	I love cheese. Really, who doesn't love cheese? Cream cheese, cheesecake, grilled cheese, string cheese, it's all pretty damn good. Cheuvront takes cheese to a whole new level. My boyfriend and I took my out of town mom here before First Friday. It was understandably crowded, and the hostess at first gave us a 45 minute wait. Lucky for us, there were 3 empty seats at the bar. The service was quick for how busy it was and when we told the bartender to "surprise us" with the three-cheese plate...he did an amazing job. My absolute favorite was a brie called "Green Hill". It actually felt like I was eating dessert, it was so good.While we were finishing the cheese plate, a table opened up and the hostess graciously let us know, and even held it open for us while we finished our appetizer and closed out at the bar, which I thought was really nice. For our dinners, Mom had the Niscoise salad (which I probably should have also done, considering I had just finished licking the cheese plate), I had the filet, and boyfriend got the scallops.  All were very good. The portions were on the small side, but we didn't leave hungry.I haven't been back since,  but I remember looking at their happy hour tent card and thinking it's something we should try, though I can't remember the exact specials.  I'm sure it had something to do with cheese.Another thing I appreciate about this place: They have multiple bathrooms, but they don't call one "Men's" and one "Women's".  I seriously feel like, as a people, we should stop this childish bathroom segregation. I understand large bathrooms with stalls being separate, but for a place with 2 one-person bathrooms to designate one for the "men" and one for the "women" is really dumb! It's not like you're in there with anyone else! All that happens is the Women's line gets long while the men shuffle in and out like there's a revolving door on the thing. Not fair!
5	I really love Cheuvront's.  I think it's really underrated.    I've never had a bad food, beverage or service experience, and I've been many, many times.One of the things I love to do at Cheuvront's is the tastings.   Wine tastings, cheese classes, beer tastings... it's all yummy, PLUS super-fun, and very informative too.Cheuvronts has been through a couple of different chefs, but the food is always consistently made from ultra fresh, premium ingredients.  My favorites include just about any salad on the menu, and the salmon, mmmm.    The cheese selection is, bar none, the best in Phoenix metro.   I didn't say it was the cheapest; but it is definitely the best selection of some of the most fantastic cheeses I've ever had. I highly recommend going to a cheese class to learn more about cheeses!   Ken Cheuvront is extremely knowledgeable and has travelled to most of the places where the cheese is made and has personally met most of the cheese makers.   So that makes for some great stories which make you appreciate the cheese even more.There are great happy hour deals on both food (starters) and beverages, and on Sundays and Mondays the happy hour prices go ALL DAY.   Unbelievable deal! (Btw:  I don't understand what this means from other reviews: "it wants to be more hip than it really is"?  Huh?   I think the decor is great - cool, breezy, comfortable.   Is it hip?  I dunno.   And I sure don't know what "trying to be hip" looks like.)   It does have "unisex" bathrooms, which, personally I don't care for... since that means they smell like a men's room... but I'm told my nose is hypersensitive.  : )
4	The food and service at this restaurant is very good.  We went there for a birthday dinner recently and were amazed at the quality of the food.  Our entrees were very tasty, but the scallop appetizer was the highlight of the evening.  We asked management if they ever considered putting it on the menu as a permanent item (it was only a special at the time) and they said they were considering it because of all the positive feedback.  We just made reservations for this coming Monday and can't wait to go back!
5	As Gabi likes to regularly point out to me, I did move over a year ago and I am closer to Cheuvront.  I suppose it is time for an update.My initial review of 5 stars has not changed.  Not every visit to Cheuvront has been a 5 star visit, but over time I have come to know what dishes and wines that I prefer.   I am a frequent visitor to Cheuvront because I like the atmosphere it provides within the downtown area and it takes less than 5 minutes for me to walk there.  It provides a relaxed environment where you can enjoy wine or a cocktail and order food based upon how what you are in the mood for.  A full dinner? Sure.  Just dessert? You got it.  A small nosh? Why not.   I find myself here most often for small plates and cheese, very rarely do I have a "regular" entree.  It is not to say that they aren't good, they are and they are quite large, I just enjoy the variety of the menu.  My favorite time of year at Cheuvront is the fall, as I think that their best dishes involve traditional fall ingredients such as butter nut squash and pumpkin.  This is also my favorite time to partake in their extensive cheese list.  Their international plates, while may seem expensive at first glance, are literally overflowing with cheese and meats.  Happy Hour can be a fun time, although I am personally not a fan of many of the mixed cocktails that they feature.  This works out just fine, as the wine list has many choices that I am happy to order at 25% off.  The $5 tapas offered during HH are great compliments, my favorites being the gnocchi, ceviche, and the mac and cheese.  (Really, any of their mac and cheese options are great). The relaxed atmosphere and consistent food and service have made Cheuvront into one of my favorite places in Phoenix, and possibly my favorite place downtown.
4	Went there the first time on Tuesday to try their Yelp Eats prix fix. I had the poached pear salad which was great and the orange glazed salmon which was real good too. The Pumpkin Bread Pudding was just excellent. Covered in whipped cream but wow ... Service was attentive and the host / restaurant manager was great (unfortunately don't have her name - see also my engagement comment). She did a nice job touching tables and checking on us, re-filling the water and checking how we liked the food. As a very nice gesture she brought out two samples of cheese before the dinner to try (not sure about the names ...). The space is nice and modern without being cold and stark. I would haven given 5 Stars if service would have been a little bit more engaging. It was the first time for us to eat at Cheuvront but nobody really bothered to find out about likes/dislike. They unfortunately missed an opportunity to actively engage us ... I definitely will be back but first I will try out other Scottsdale / Phoenix eateries. BTW - no "weird" James Bond movies but the ambient music could have been a bit more present.
4	When one course of a meal is so significantly better than the rest of it, it's hard to write a balanced review.  I went down to Cheuvront with a few friends for Restaurant Week.  The place is tiny, very relaxed-hip looking, and right on Central Ave.  While the place doesn't have any distinct look or theme going on, there was a movie with french subtitles playing on a screen next to the dining area so...I guess it's supposed to be French.  They have wine and cheese too, so, yeah, probably French.So the meal didn't start out so great.  The spinach salad came out to me on a dirty place.  Sure, it's a restaurant.  I know other people use the same plates and silverware I'm using, but things like that, especially when noticed, are off-putting.  Unfortunately, the ahi tuna that followed was also overdone.  Not in a bad way, and I almost didn't notice through the thick peppercorn crusting, but when it was pointed out, I was a little disappointed.That was when they pulled out dessert.I'm not a sweets person.  I don't know that I've ever been.  Give me spicy or savory 10 times out of 10 over any kind of sweet-tasting anything.  Although my dentist might argue evidence to the contrary, I really just don't have a sweet tooth.  That being said, I wanted to die and be entombed in the citrus flan that was put in front of me.  I wanted to lick the plate clean and then go back to the kitchen and demand they fill my pockets, one with the smooth, creamy, more-like-custard-than-flan flan and the other with the wonderfully sweet and subtle citrus sauce they coated the dish with.  I'd also probably ask for some of the figs and berries to be put in a doggie bag.I have never, in my entire life, enjoyed a dessert as much as this one.  I would happily drive the 20-plus minutes downtown just to have this again.Before I forget or the keyboard shorts out from me drooling, the wine selection here is also amazing.  I didn't take time to look at the whole thing, but I think most wine connoisseurs would be happy here.While it was a mixed bag, the place certainly deserves another trip.  I can see (if I had a real life, not one that consisted solely of studying) sitting out on their patio, enjoying Phoenix, and making a dent in their wine and cheese stocks.
3	This is a lunch review, so please know that I wasn't drinking wine at the time. My review may have come out differently if wine was on board. :) I thought the place was nice enough. but for some reason I was expecting nicer. The decor was just ...meh..for me. The prices seemed unbalanced. We got the 3 cheese plate as an appetizer and it was good, but again I was expecting a little more for $16.00. I ordered the lunch combo; half sandwich and soup for $10.00. The chicken and prosciutto sandwich was a bit dry and sort of lifeless. But the tomato basil soup with goat cheese chunks stirred throughout was amazing. I would go back and just have that soup. All in all a nice lunch, but I'm not in a huge rush to go back. Maybe for drinks and an appetizer before dinner (someplace else)? Also., we felt it was a bit odd that everytime our female server (she never divulged her name) came to our table she addressed us as "Lady and Gentleman." At least tell me your name before you call me that for an hour! ;)
2	I arrive and like at most places on the phone... The place is pretty much empty for a Sunday night being right across from a light rail station. I ask the waitress to seat me on a couch and I follow and continue my important phone conversation. The restaurant is located below some loft in central phoenix and has an urban contemporary concrete feel to it. There is a full menu but I focus in on the cheese and wine menu. I order the three-cheese sampler and a glass of wine, a medium red from Santa Monica California. The wine is smooth and the cheeses flavorful and after waiting 20 minutes for it to arrive I guess prune juice and cardboard would have been just as  flavorful. I guess good cheese takes time to cut. The decor was a bit mixed matched with concrete grays and pastel curtains. I felt like I was more in an Austin Powers flick than in a hip wine bar. The wait for service was considerable considering that the place was one third full. The bill came out to more than $50 bucks, I would say a little pricey for the wasting my time; it took a couple minutes for my eyes to adjust when I left.  I kept seeing pastel shower curtains everywhere!
2	Six months ago I would've written a glowing review about how Cheuvront is filled with everything amazing.  From their wonderful servers to the beer, the cheeses, the wines, and the food.Then I came in to have a drink with my brown boy after picking up my man wig for Halloween.  We got there at 3 pm, the place was completely empty.  The bartender mentioned that happy hour started at 4 and gave us the menu to glance at.  Seeing as we had an hour we just had a few beers to start, and to tide us over until happy hour.The beer was Papago Orange Blossom (which is glorious!).  Then happy hour rolls around and my friend decides he wants mojitos.  So eventually I get one as the last drink and just asked the server which mojitos they had and I chose the pomegranate one.  The mojitos were good, the mango one tasted like dessert, a little overly sweet.Again, everything is cool, until the check arrives.  They charged us the normal $8 for the pomegranate mojito instead of the happy hour price.  I asked the manager and he just gives me a blank stare and tells me it wasn't on the happy hour menu.  I briefly glanced at the happy hour menu and I didn't take inventory of all the items on it.  He decided not to be cool about it and left it on the bill.I know times are tough around here but when you charge those high prices ($6.50 for a pint?!), and then screw over your customers, absolutely ridiculous.  You lost a long time customer and fan.
4	This is the place to come if you love cheese. They have a cheese selection as long as some wine lists. We went for lunch on Friday and it was not too busy.   I had the Summer Salad with chicken, apples, grapes, pecans and blue cheese toast which was good but with way too much greens and the toast was a tad soggy. Mr had Cheuvront Dip, sliced beef on a baguette with au jus and a two giant portions of fries, one sweet potato the other regular.   The baguette, beef,  au jus and sweet potato fries were great, the regular fries were nothing special and a little cold but we got two huge portions instead of one so we couldn't complain.   The place has easy parking and our waitress was very friendly.   We will be going back for Phoenix's first cheese and wine tasting event next week.
4	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):9 Food9 Service10 Atmosphere6 Value
4	I love this place!! Have been here several times now for dinner and brunch! Did New Years Eve here with wine pairings, and happy hour as well. What else can I say, they never disappoint me!Extensive wine list, exceptional service!! Keeps me coming back for more!!
3	3.5 stars. Hmm, Cheuvront. You have me scratching my head. You have all the makings of a fantastic spot, but I think I may have caught you on at a bad time! It was first Friday in Phoenix the night I visited, so perhaps that was it.Here's the good: Extensive wine list, my bubbly was absolutely delicious, simple but comfortable surroundings, thumbs-up to the semi-private sitting areas in the back, your restrooms are good for a laugh (although they are unisex, I seemed to always be in there with all men, which is fine, but please remember to lock your doors!) Also, our host acted as our server - not sure if this is typical or just because they were slammed, but you could tell he was working his butt off. The so-so: The prices seemed pretty steep to me. I don't mind an expensive meal if the food is stupendous, but there seemed to be a few missteps. Two of our appetizers were overcooked (overbaked, to be precise) with scant filling. Also, I ordered a scallop appetizer as my meal because I didn't want to commit to an entree. They weren't able to make it, so I ordered the scallop entree and was only able to eat 2 of the scallops, which were sandy, and a small bit of the pasta. It felt kind of  wasteful.Oh! Our meat and cheese plate was tasty, but beware: those long thin strips in the middle of the plate? Butter. Not Cheese. ;)
5	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):9 Food10 Service10 Atmosphere7 ValueI'm upgrading this to a 5-star, along with boosts to Service and Value.  Jeff is great behind the bar; he offered me a sample of a new wine he thought was great (Titus) which was indeed great - in the end that's the glass I got.  Value also got an add because of the happy hour menu.  Basically non-happy hour I'd give Cheuvront 4-stars, but on HH it's a 5!
5	Life is good when a place as amazing as this is right off the light rail line that you can walk to from your house (and I can). I have been meaning to go for ages and finally a group of friends wanted to go out of dinner, two of them which now live downtown, and I recommended Cheuvront. A half hour ride from the Mill Avenue stop and I was there. A bit chilly to sit outside but looks like excellent outdoor seating. The seating is well spaced with wine storage along the back wall and a well stocked bar in the middle (God and I both love a well-stocked bar, or at least I always say "Thank God, they have a bar). The wait staff was cordial without being too personal (I look at dining as I'm out to eat dinner with friends, not really out to make new friends, at least until I have a few drinks but that is whole different situation....ahem). I started out the evening with a basic mojito made with 10 cane rum. A little too much sugar syrup for my taste and could use more lime but wow, served in a full size glass and a kick like a mule. One of my fellow diners had the white sangria with fresh basil and wow, that was a keeper. I'm definitely having that next time. They have a huge selection of cheeses from around the world and we ordered the three cheese appetizer plate (the waiter asked if I wanted to pick but was happy to pick a selection for us, and I love to delegate) and the pork empanadas with orange marmalade. The cheese was good and I noticed they also have another book where you can order wine and they just pair it with cheese, how cool! The empanadas, to die for, I will order that again, ideally along with that sangria with fresh basil. Dinner was the duck breast rubbed with coffee and ancho chili pepper and served on top of I don't know what but it had a crispy grilled crust on the outside and it was nice and cheesy (seemed like some sort of rice and cheese mix) on the inside, and it was wonderfully presented. I actually had the recommended wine pairing and wow, it went so well together. A rich red wine that offset the spice rub on the duck breast perfectly. We ended the evening with coffee and desert. The coffee was okay but they should consider serving coffee roasted at the Cartel coffee lab in Tempe (which I love) as the coffee here was just...coffee...which was a shame when the rest of the meal was so great. Ideally they should bring everyone an individual french press so they can let the coffee get as strong as they like to drink it. I would also recommend a thicker cream, even whipping cream (unwhipped) since it provides that sense of luxury that goes well with this place (I had that at Mucho-Gusto and became an instant fan). For those of the more intellectual persuasion, I noticed this place is in walking distance of the main Phoenix library. So you can go pick out a good book on a lazy Sunday and then walk over to Cheuvront for some wine and cheese and feel like the perfect elitist, before you ride the light rail home (okay, this is my ideal lazy Sunday and I've always dreamed of being just a little bit of an elitist - I'm not perfect).
2	As you might be able to tell from my schizophrenicly changing stars for this place, my experiences have varied.  Some things that do not ever change, with my latest experience in parentheses:-They seem to carry only the tastiest wines.  (Pascual Toso Reserve Malbec '08)-Their cheeses are also amazingly amazing.  (American Plate w/ Buzzed from Utah and a perfectly aged Gouda)-Their food is great.  (Lasagna)However,-The kitchen ran out of pizza, mac&cheese (which is what i wanted), and lasagna (luckily i made the cut).  That's easily half their menu!  We subsequently had to change our orders twice as the bad news kept rolling in.  By the end of the night our poor server was like the Angel of Death since each time I saw him I got nervous that he was going to come tell me that whatever it was I had ordered was yet again 86ed.-Then the food that we WERE able to order took over 45 minutes to show up.-Then the Reverse Happy Hour cocktails were inconsistent (different colored Pomegranate Margaritas, one Pineapple Cosmo that tasted great, but a 2nd that had a coffee flavor - which they gladly replaced for a good tasting one).Overall I ended up paying WAY too much for a lackluster experience.  What really peeved me off was that I had recommended this place to our party of 14, with the hope that I could show them how awesome places in CenPho are, since they're all suburbanites.So thank you Cheuvront, for making me look like a fool and giving my friends one more reason to stay in the 'burbs  :(
5	So great! I was there for an event last week and we had a blast. The event was handles perfectly! Can't wait to go back!
4	I love cheese. Cheuvront has a large and diverse cheese selection (plus about 8 kinds of mac and cheese). Therefore, I love Cheuvront.  I didn't need Logic 325 for that analysis.Cheuvront is a cheese mecca here in Phoenix.  It helps that they have a great wine list and a cool urban location and decor.  I'm not sure the video screen is needed, but aside from that one potential interior flaw, the space is very cool, yet comfortable.Of course I spent most of my time focused on cheese and macaroni and cheese, so the decor wasn't my main focus...that's right, everything we had, except for the wine, involved cheese. (So I can't comment on the non-cheese aspects of the menu.)  The cheese menu is nicely put together with useful descriptions for each offering.Really, the point of this review is to see how many times I can write "cheese."
1	This was adequte at best and that is being generous.  Several of us Went today for Easter brunch - big disappointment.  The restaurant was not that busy - took 20 minutes between courses being served.  Needed to ask for plates for the muffins.  Ordered the filet with eggs - the eggs were burnt and broken.  The server never should have brought that plate to the table.  I expect this from Denny's at 3 am - not a restaurant with these menu prices.  My boyfriend had the tomato bisque soup - was Ragu in a bowl - even same consistency.  Another friend had the bananas foster french toast - even the bananas were bland.
4	I have to give major kudos to our server here. We rolled up at 9p per the Yelp listing happy hour times. Come to find out that 9 is the weekday happy hour and Fri/Sat's happy hour doesn't start until 10. We we're okay with this but our server spoke to the manager without us even complaining or asking him to and honored the 9p happy hour because of the Yelp listing. Now to the food and drink. If you love cheese, their cheese menu was very large. We got several of the cheeses, the Tres Freres was my favorite (non-happy hour item though). The pork empanadas are a must and the happy hour drinks were very good as well. The strawberry sunset martini was very yummy. I'd say the happy hour items are where it's at overall. The food was great the drinks were good. Really given their menu and atmosphere I was really surprised that it wasn't more busy. It's kind of sad to see many of the Phoenix area restaurants kind of dead at 9pm on a Friday night. I'm guessing if it were located in Scottsdale that would be a different story.
5	I took my gf here before a Suns game. The server was very knowledgeable.  The cheese plate was great but a bit pricey.  Some salad w/ fruit and boiled chicken was tasty according to the princess. Bleu cheese mac n cheese was amazing. Go eat here tonight.
5	This is a great place to "wine" down after a long week.  For what I have seen - they have the best cheese list in town.  The service is always great and the food is consistently good to great.  Also - who can beat a variety of mac and cheeses.  Last night we had the pancetta and onion - this is probably been my favorite.  I would totally recommend this place for a night where you just want to relax!
4	One of my favorite aspects of this Central Phoenix wine bar is that it is still somewhat "undiscovered," aka not teeming with hipsters and young professionals on a Thursday evening after work. It stays busy, but not jam packed. Their Happy Hour is great, nice $5 small plate options, and you must try their cherry lemon drop martini. Seriously delicious. Get a ride from someone, because you'll probably want another :) The decor is cool and they play French movies on a large screen in the back of the restaurant. I also have a special place in my heart for their awesome sweet potato fries! This place is a great option if you want a nice glass of wine and a bite to eat in Central Phoenix but don't want to brave the Postino crowds.
4	Horribly sweaty girl is hungry after Critical Mass.  Cheese on the mind.  Critical Mass ended by going down Central and I had never been to Cheuvront before.  Luckily, I was with Ayesha and it took nothing to convince her to go there.  There were 7 of us and they were extremely quick in pushing table together for us.  They didn't even mind our sweat and water bottles.  The server even filled Ayesha's for her.  I took one look at the menu and my eyes stopped at the bottom: macaroni and cheese.  I rarely eat it, but as soon as I saw it, I wanted.  Badly.  Ayesha said she liked the bleu cheese.  SOLD!  I effing love bleu cheese.  For $8, I think it was a good value.  It was a good portion, but not too much.  Rich and creamy with gargantuan hunks of genuine bleu cheese, that had started to melt.  It was incredibly filling for the size!Downfall: Unisex bathrooms.  What the hell!  I don't care how nice a place is, guys still piss all over the place.The mac and cheese is $5 during the week during happy hour.  I will be back for it, most definitely!Huge points for the server who took Amy in stride when I told him I'd spank his ass for something.  (I don't remember, as it was 109 degrees and I had been on my bike for over 2 hours.)
3	Although the food, wine, and atmosphere are all good, sadly I must say I have been let down. One of my problems is the sometimes slow service. Also we decided to go here for a friends birthday and they ran out of food. It was not fun feeling like you had the angel of death for a server ready to kill your order. I really would love to give the place four stars, because the food and wine are certainly worth it, but due to my traumatic experience its just a-ok. Maybe I will get a chance to go back and update my review to what I know it really could be.
4	GREAT Happy Hour !! $5/glasses of vino. Menu of samplings for $5 each! Try the flatbread pizza, the ceviche is yummy!!
1	Horrible customer service!  Strangely rude and condescending.  I confronted them about their attitude, which was unnecessary.  I know when poor service is justified as I've been in the industry and given it myself!  It was unjustified and quite odd, actually.  We politely (key word) asked where a few of the ingredients were that the menu listed for our meal and that's when they became defensive and quite weird about it. Strangely rude and almost demeaning, saying it was a waste to send it back.  The pizza was slopped together the first AND the second time, and I don't even trust what they did to it in the kitchen.  Yes, this is the feel I got from them, being our server, Zach and the other man whom I believe to be the bartender or the manager.   We were running a pretty high drink bill and there was no need for the negative energy. It ruined our experience and vibe of the place.  Over a pizza?  Poor service, poor choices.
1	Disappointing to say the least. Was looking forward to wine, friends, conversation and a little nosh after the artwalk...what we got was surprisingly poor customer service that became downright passive aggressive (scratch the passive) after we received a pizza that wasn't to our liking. The waiter was so upset that we didn't want mozzarella cheese on our $10 goat cheese pizza that he brought out the cook to confirm. His manager then came by our table to tell us that we, the customers, should be aware that pizza is always served with mozz cheese. (Oh really astute one?) 20 minutes later the manager returned with a pizza drowining in goat cheese and we were informed that we should be happy because we were getting "a bang for our buck". We felt so harassed by the wait staff because of this stupid $10 pizza that we actually feared they vandalized the food (yes, you know the feeling of wondering "did that waiter spit in my dish"?). We left confused by the entire experience. I would never never never never never go again and I will tell everyone I know to avoid this place like the plague.
4	Good variety of foods and drinks!I had a party of 17-18 people here. We all paid separate and they accommodate all of us!
4	Nice space, across from the fascinating public library building. Interesting selection of wine. We had a couple of flights paired with cheese. Their cheese selection is vast! Better than many of the stores that sell cheese around the valley. The pairings were appropriate and all the wines were good to very good, although one of my reds was room temperature. Food was very good-- cracker thin pizza with spicy sausage and a salad with filet mignon, pancetta and blue cheese. Service was great, although we were the only patrons there on a Sunday afternoon. The only disappointment was that the unisex bathroom, while having an appealing decor, smelled as if it hadn't been cleaned in a couple of weeks. Eww. I'd visit again, and just make sure I used the facilities elsewhere!
4	Everything here was delicious and I enjoyed the atmosphere. Service was incredible as well... I just feel its overpriced for what you receive
1	I can hardly believe how highly rated this restaurant/wine bar is. I have been twice and both times was treated to high prices, poor and condescending service and mediocre food.Once I ordered a veggie plate specifically because the menu stated that it included haricot verts. When the plate came they were not on it. I questioned the server and she said they were "out of season", but had not bothered to tell me in advance that the menu item would not be as described. Against my better judgment I went back a second time with a wine tasting group. Some political thing was to take place in the restaurant hours later. It was being set up for so we were shunted to some tables we didn't want, service was abysmal and the food and wine were really overpriced for what we received. I will never go back.
3	My husband and I came here for happy hour about a week ago.  The happy hour drink prices are incredible, $5 mojitos, martinis, and glasses of wine. Also five dollar appetizers. Husband and I tried the cheese plate which was very good, but I still can't believe we paid five dollars for a slice of cheese.  We also tried the pate, the pizza (nothing special), the caprese (no good, the tomatoes were not fresh at all), and a phyllo thing which was decent.Overall, I would not recommend the happy hour food options, but the drink prices can't be beaten.
4	Excellent ambiance, great service, versatile space - patio and wine bar make perfect setting for happy hour and dates.Visited on a Friday evening after First Friday. Upon a friend's recommendation, tried out the filet mignon which was prepared perfectly juicy, served with a very fresh side of sauteed asparagus and spinach, courtesy our server upon request (normally paired with blue cheese mashed potatoes).My friend enjoyed the parm-crusted chicken paired with house-made gnocchi. As prior reviews praise, the pumpkin bread pudding is to-die-for.Excellent server, attentive and accommodating.
3	This one is tough.  I love their wine and cheese but the food is terrible.  I highly recommend going but only for the aforementioned wine and cheese.
4	I love Cheuvront. The atmosphere is great, the staff is awesome, always super friendly and accommodating. These guys know their stuff! I have never had a bad experience and would recommend it to anybody (already have!) The events they have are also really great, I would highly recommend you make some time to check one of them out.
1	My friends and I went to Cheuvront's for AZ Restaurant Week and every single one of us was disappointed. The service was terrible; it took 20 minutes for our fourth (who arrived a few minutes late) just to get her water. He disappeared for 15 minute stretches and only asked if needed anything when we were done with our courses. The food was overpriced for the portions--and this is coming from a graduated culinary student who has had it drilled into her that smaller is better--and the flavors were bland. One person's bisque came to the table cold and my creme brulee tasted as if they'd forgotten the sugar. Not to mention that it was so loud we couldn't hear each other. All around disappointing.
1	Several friends and I came here during Arizona Restaurant week, we made reservations, arrived on time and planned on having a good time. The place was half-empty and we didn't get service for water for atleast 10 minutes. We wanted to order a bottle of wine, but they ran out of the one we wanted...it was only 6pm. The waitress had a really hard time recommending another, and the one she said was similar was rather icky. (Nothing like the wine we wanted that we've had before). We weren't able to order for atleast another 30minutes and weren't served our first course for 30 minutes after that. We didn't start to eat until we had been there for an hour at minimum. In addition, the blackberry creme brulee also suddenly became "out of stock," and we had to choose something else. This was all during one of the best promotional weeks for this restaurant. I would never come back here. Ever.
3	Generally I like it here.  Have eaten lunch here 3 times and all three times my food was good and service was ok.  I need to come back for drinks sometime since that's really what this place is about....The overall impression of the decor feels like perhaps they try a little hard to b xtra trendy or cute...  Idk...
4	I have been trying to get to Cheuvront for a while now.  What better reason than for restaurant week?  The menu sounded delicious and one of my favorites out of the ones I read.  The service was great, the atmosphere was cool, the wine was fabulous, however I have to admit, the food didn't live up to my expectations.  There was nothing bad, don't get me wrong.  I ate every bite, but I was hoping to be wow'd.  We all had the grilled cheese appetizer, that was pretty great.  For my entree I had the portabella mushroom.  It was good, but it was stuffed with goat cheese, how could it not be?  When the server came to ask how things were, my friend commented that it was "okay."  She wasn't mad or rude, just answering the question.  The server was great and brought an extra grilled cheese for her because she had commented that she really liked that.  I picked the lemon cake as dessert, and again, it was tasty, but I didn't feel compelled to finish it.I am still a fan of Cheuvront.  I want to go back for some happy hour and try some of the other food selections.  Maybe I was just expecting too much from Restaurant Week; it happens.  Either way, I love wine and I love cheese.  Cheuvront has both of those things in a great location, with good service.  No doubt, I'll be back!
4	Although I do love this place, I guess I can understand some of the "condescending" remarks. If you are looking for a homey, down-to-earth place, this probably isn't it. I love it here - does that make me a snob? Perhaps. Oh well. The food is delicious. My first meal was the simple chicken which is usually a shoe-in for boring and it was not. Juicy, flavorful, perfectly paired with the suggested wine. The next couple times I opted for cheese platters with the wines (again) suggested by server. Yes, our server informed us which wine would go best and why we were wrong with our first choice, and that's fine. Worked out great - and we became educated! Nonstop James Bond movies are pretty cool too. If you're not a Bond fan, look away, and get over it. Cutie waiters might be a good place to look. Trendy "downtown" atmosphere with delicious cheeses and wines galore. Do it.
1	A few months ago I wrote a very positive review of this place.  Starting about in September, however, something very odd and unpleasant happened to Cheuvront.  The lunch service became slow, to the point where I thought I'd been forgotten.  Worse, the food started to change in unpleasant ways.  Gone were the good ingredients and subtle flavorings.  Suddenly everything was layered on in huge blobs and weighted down with unnecessary spices.Specifically, I'm talking about the lunch pizzas I had for lunch at Cheuvront so many times before.  Last time I went, a few weeks ago, I suddenly noticed that they used nearly four times the cheese necessary.  Today, there was four times the cheese, at least two or three times the sauce, along with chunks of nearly raw garlic.Worse, the cheese on my pizza was cool and congealed, showing that it had been sitting around for a while before the wait staff deigned to bring it to me.I was embarrassed to have suggested to a colleague that we eat at Cheuvront today.  I don't know what happened to this restaurant, but at least the lunch service is a total loss.
2	Overpriced. Overrated. Just not worth the money. The mac and cheese with the different toppings is actually very delicious. We also got duck which was extremely bland and did not have the crispy skin. The risotto it was served with was terrible. It was either whole grain or a dark grain rice. It was hard and just not appealing.  The filet mignon was cooked well but not seasoned at all.  Dishes definitely not worth $20 a plate.  I'd only come back for the wine, cheeses and appertizers.
3	I was supposed to be meeting several people there for a happy hour, but got stood up. It turned out to be ok though. My server Patrick was very nice and helped me decide on a delicious Sauvignon Blanc and some nice cheeses. I also had a bowl of the shrimp corn chowder.Overall, i thought the locations was great. nice atmosphere and a great patio. The menu was a little disappointing and i would have enjoyed a bit more help in deciding on cheeses. I said i was a big fan of goat cheese, but when he brought me my trip plate, there was only one goat cheese present. I had the Purple Haze (goat), Barely Buzzed (cow), and Purple Moon (cow). He didn't ask any questions about what i liked in my cheese, was I adventurous, etc. He brought me things that were popular, so i guess that would be safe assumptions, but as a lone diner available to answer questions and make bigger decisions, I would've expected a bit more of a unique experience. And the soup was a little thick for me. Tasted like it may have been the bottom of that batch.There were a few things on the menu i'd be interested in trying for entrees (the small plates/apps were meh), and having a few delicious cheeses with wine and friends on their patio would definitely be a fun evening.
4	I told my wife I thought she wanted me to take her to Chevron for her birthday....guess she wanted more than a snicker bar and pack of doughnuts for her birthday dinner.   We double dated with Richard Z and his beautiful wife since it was his special day also.  This place is just south of the Spaghetti Factory on west side of Central and I never knew it was even here.  Very trendy looking place and comfortable, service was fantastic and the menu is different.  It's a wine bar/restaurant and we started with the Smoked Salmon Pate which wasn't too bad considering I don't like salmon, we also ordered the Roasted Goat Cheese and Chicken Pockets and these were phenomenal.  I ordered the chicken dish (yes there is only 1) and my wife ordered the Caramelized Red Onion Mac (yes there are 5 mac & cheese options).  Richard ordered the Duck and I was too drunk from the 3-4 rum and cokes I had to remember what his better half ordered.  All the food was fantastic and the drinks were pretty strong.  We finished with a warm cookie and ice cream and the pumpkin bread which was really good.  I can't remember going home but I am sure that was fun too!
2	With knowledge of Cheuvronts past, I expected much more.  I ordered the vegetarian Ravioli, which was not available anymore, and was presented with a Risotto cake, accompanied by sauteed mushrooms and asparagus with a phenomenal pea sauce.  The pea sauce was phenomenal, the rest, I could have fed to my dog.  I would have sent the dish back, however the bartender (who was my server) never asked how the meal was until the end.  When he did ask, after I finished my meal, I responded "it was quick".  Value, not a good one, taste, not so good.  Will I go here again?  Yes, I do believe every restaurant deserves a second chance.
4	One of the best Nicoise salads I've ever had (and I am picky about my Nicoise!).  My boyfriend had a pizza (which I slyly sampled) - delicioso.  Server was very accommodating and friendly.  Could only wish for a bit more from the wine list given the "wine bar".  But It was a lovely lunch.  I'll definitely go back.
4	What a nicy, cozy way to end a date! My husband and I have rounded out a few date nights here. We have only gone for reverse happy hour, not for dinner. The prices for reverse happy hour are very reasonable.The mojitos are fantastic, as well as the wine. We have had their cheese plate (fantastic selection of cheeses!), their pizzas, and mac and cheese. Very good. My husband had their goat cheese and chicken phyllo pockets and enjoyed them. We have always sat at the bar and have gotten very good service from the bartenders. Highly recommended, especially as a quiet way to wind down a rowdy First Friday night!
4	A relaxed-yet-sophisticated place where the combination of a good wine selection, great appetizers like salmon pate and interesting cheese plates, and respectable service make for  great happy hour experience in the area.
4	One of the only places in town to serve this delicious dessert wine called Lilly-Pulli  (raspberries floating in champagne yummo)  Great place for a quick business lunch or a fancier girls night out.  Excellent cheese selection and flatbread pizzas.  I like to sit outside or at least facing the window to see the Light Rail zoom past.  It almost makes Phoenix feel like a big, well bigger city than it is.
3	I love Cheuvronts and have been going there regularly for years. Why only three stars then? Over the past year and a half the service has gone downhill. I find that the servers are impersonal and rigid, and sometimes a little pompous. After three or four bad experiences in a row I just don't go there anymore. They do have great cheese plates and a fantastic happy hour...just don't catch them when they have a special event going on.
5	Pricey but so worth it.  Asked our waiter for cheese suggestions and they always hit a homerun. The wines are always good, service is great and food is incredible.
4	Solid 3.5 stars for food and 4 for service and ambiance. Invited to join a few ladies I know for dinner before a Suns game, I was informed that reservations were made here.  Having not tried this downtown eatery yet, I was looking forward to the experience.  When I arrived, the ladies had ordered a bottle of a nice sturdy red wine, I was offered and accepted to be served but only requested a short pour, as I only wanted a taste.  I pretty much stuck to the water. The server was very attentive and came back to check on us regularly.  When it came time to ordering I was quite appreciateive to the suggestions she offered.  I finally decided on a bowl of soup (shrimp and corn chowder) and the Ancho Pork empanadas.   In hindsight 2 rich choices but both quite tasty.  The soup had at least 5 good sized shrimp, perfectly tender in a creamy base that was seasoned well and just enough spice to warm and not overwhelm the palate.  The empanadas had seasoned pork, with a flavor similar to chorizo (garlic, chile, cumin), the crust was a flaky puff pastry.  This was served with a sweet citrus pepper marmalade that complimented the empanada well.  Overall I was pleased and I will have to go back to try again as I hear their happy hour is great.
5	My wife and I ate here prior to an event downtown. Metro light rail is conveniently right outside and an easy trip down to US Airways Center. We had a truffle tremor goat cheese plate with the Brancott Pinot Noir for an appetizer along with the poached pear appetizer. This was fantastic! Highly recommended. I think we'll be buying some if we can't find them for home use. I had the fillet mignon with the suggested cab sav and she had the Parmesan encrusted chicken with the suggested Pinot Gris. Both entrees were delicious. $87 before tip for 2 apps, 2 entrees and 3 glasses of wine. Portion sizes were on the small side, but we still left full.  We may be back for desert after the show! We'll definitely will be back for our next downtown event!
4	There is enough reviews of this place, that what I say obviously doesn't really matter, so I will keep it short!  :-)Great waitstaff, excellent happy hour, and delish drinks!Best bang for your buck on the happy hour is deff the pizza, and possibly the mac and cheese. Enjoy!
3	Not normally my type of place as I am much more of a beer person than a wine person.  Very limited and not so good selection of beers available.  It kills me when you see someplace with good food and good wine ignore something that goes better with their food but ignore it because it isn't upscale rnough for them.  The waitstaff was nice, friendly and very professional.  Had some various cheeses that were really good.   The food was a little pricey but it is a small place and you understand they have to stay in business.  A nice place for a date before going to an event downtown.
2	Was not impressed at all. Atmosphere is like a coffee shop. They charge waytoo much for what you get in presentation, taste, and attention to detail. The short rib was alright, nothing special at all. The polenta was too thick and a bit cold. Wine list is good.They seem to be trying too hard to be something they are not. Too many restaurants within a 10 mile radius that execute a lot higher for the same price. Will not be back.
3	Location Location Location. I almost felt like I was back in Europe sitting outside at Cheuvront ... right along Central and watching the lightrail whiz by, people walking along the sidewalks and the overall hustle of 'city' life. The inside, however, lacked a certain intimacy that I like to see in wine bars.  It is quite casual and airy... not cozy with low lighting like I was expecting/hoping for. It was quite busy for an early evening (probably because their happy hour is great and otherwise its a bit pricey).  The parking lot was full so I gambled with potentially being towed and parked along a side street a few blocks down. The waiters were excellent at recommending different wines and letting us sample a few before deciding.  I settled on Santa Ema Merlot, which was really fantastic!  You could spend hours pouring over the varied cheeses and wines Cheuvront offers (even have a special retail section inside devoted to cheese and wine). Besides the great atmosphere outside, there are other wine bars that I would prefer to go to (5th and Wine, Rokerij, Bomberos).  However, if you are in cenpho and looking for a good glass of wine it is definitely worth stopping by.
5	I love this place!  They have an incredible selection of cheeses and if you are unsure which one to get, just ask Jeff (the bartender) for a recommendation or a sample.  Some of the cheeses I have discovered in Europe and thought I could never find here, are in their case.Very good beer, wine and drinks and you can't beat their happy hour deals.  The wait staff provide good service and are friendly.  The perfect place to unwind after work, spoil a staff member or have a memorable meal.
4	Totally recommend this place.  The wine selection was the only thing that could have been better.  The waiter was attentive, knowledgeable about the cheeses, and timed the courses perfectly.  Great casual little place.
1	Well where to start... my friends and I were walking past when 2 men approached us and one said, "Hi, I'm Jason Cheuvront," which we thought was really tacky.  Once in the restaurant a hostess asked us if we wanted a table and how many in our party; she then walked away and did not return, so we had to seat ourselves.  We ordered happy hour drinks, and the glass of wine I ordered tasted like vinegar and smelled spoiled.  When I told our server he said, "I won't smell it because I don't like to tell customers that they are wrong." I was so shocked by his response that I did not order another drink.  The server took the glass of wine back behind the bar, and we then saw the owners and bartenders trying the wine and rolling their eyes.  Later, the server returned and told me I could order any drink, not just something off the happy hour menu, (wasn't sure if it would be on the house or not?) and then never returned to take my order. When we finally tracked down another server, I ordered a sangria.  The server gave me a blank stare and said they did not have sangria even though it was plainly listed on their drink menu.  Enough was enough!  We left cash on the table and left.
4	Sadly, they have discontinued breakfast/brunch, though they are doing a really nice Easter brunch. Look for my next review of another place that does breakfast without the crowd,Carlys Bistro!
2	It's okay.  Nothing special. I think their food is too small and not high quality enough for the prices they charge.  I always leave hungry. This is my second meal at this place, and perhaps my last. I was just at a wine dinner tonight.  $65 for four courses and four wines.  Courses were tiny.  I mean... imagine about 4 cherry tomatoes cut in half with some pepper on top for one of the courses.  Entree was fine if you want a literally extra rare filet wrapped in raw bacon.  I like medium rare (they didn't even ask us what temperature we wanted the beef) but this was barely browned on the outside, and completely raw inside.  They redid it, but still... what the...The dinner for that dinner was a melting chocolate and raspberry desert that was to die for.  Almost saved the meal.For $100 per person for a wine dinner, pre-dinner cocktail, small cheese plate for four, and tip included... I can do better.  Good company, but that was the best part of the evening.I feel after eating at this place, every time, like I was mugged.  I understand the owner has to make a buck, but...
2	went here for easter brunch. paid way too much for a meal that left me feeling hungry. small portions. very small for the price. and there were flies....everywhere. it was like eating outside, except we were indoors. as far as taste, good. i was expecting more i guess. cool decorating and design. i hear the mac-n-cheese (something like 5 different kinds) is really good, but we probably won't be back. i hate swatting at flies unless i'm at an outdoor picnic and at least i leave feeling full.
3	We paid $28 for Easter Brunch last Sunday. The menu selection seemed good on paper-and the food wasn't bad-just didn't wow me enough to want to go back. I was pleased with my yogurt starter, although my friends at the table were complaining about the thickness of the avocado gazpacho and comparing it to guacamole. 2nd course the crab omelet was pretty tasty. I was totally looking forward to sampling my mans' strawberry brioche french toast but it was a disappointment in special-ness. My 3rd course was supposed to be mousse-stuffed strawberries but instead it was mousse with strawberries sprinkled on top. The pumpkin bread pudding my man ordered was better. The artisan cheese plate my friend ordered was SUCH a dissapointment. ONE piece of cheese to try? C'mon people. We overpaid.
3	I struggle between 3 and 4 stars here, as my low rating has not so much to do with the food but the service. Let's start with the basics-- the food was pretty good in its simplicity. My date, ok fine my mom, and I ordered one of their antipasto plates. It came with some cured meats and cheeses that you select off a list, along with olives and roasted vegies and great crusty bread. We also got a trio of macaroni cheese, AKA my favorite food on earth. You pick which three you want, and if memory serves me right we got the butternut squash, crispy proscuitto, and carmalized onions. HEAVEN. Paired with a nice glass of Pino Grig that kept on coming, it was a pretty average tapas-style, nice meal.Here's the kicker: our server started the night by telling us her fellow waiters were betting on whether or not she'd spill something during her shift because she had the previous 3 nights. Lo and behold she soon spilled soup down some poor woman's back sitting behind us and then spilled something greasy on the floor next to our table. Then she dropped our credit card behind the register and took at least half an hour trying to retrieving it. And finally, while leaving the restaurant, yup you guessed it, my mom ate it on the greasy residue left over from her 2nd spill. And we didn't even get a free dessert out of the shenanigans!
4	I live on top of Cheuvront. Literally.The good: they sell wine at retail, when I find my cellar is down to those o-so-expensive bottles that are to be savored for a special occasion, it's great that I can pop downstairs and pickup a bottle for 1/2 off the in-store price. They also have a great patio overlooking Central ave, library and light rail and are dog friendly. My dog once escaped from the dog-run area of our building, a feat that involved scaling a 6-foot fence (still baffled) and after a quick search around voila- there she was, meeting and greeting guests on Cheuvront's patio!From a food standpoint, I agree with many here the portion sizes are not the biggest however most of what they do is consistently well executed. Being a pizza snob, pizza here is not something I do when there are a lot of other choices downtown. I do like the filet mignon, usually two medallion sized pieces with pommes fritesMost of the time it's a plate of various cheeses, nuts, grapes and some bread. I often request them to toast the bread for me, the majority of the time it happens without too much whining.BOTTOM LINE: I'll take convenience over value
4	Cheuvront is definitely a 1st date night kinda place; the kind of place I would normally never go to but pretend to be very familiar with when trying to woo a lady. It's quiet, unrushed, dimly lit, and a tad on the expensive side. The eats are tasty, the wines are bold and the service is on par.
4	We attended our first wine tasting on 5/7.  Very friendly atmosphere and we learned quite a bit about Chilean wines.  Tapas were served as well.  We totally enjoyed our experience!
2	OK I hate to do this to Cheuvront- write a bad review when I've been here many times and had a great experience and not written a review.  But, I'm afraid that my recent experience was indicative of a change in the restaurant, and maybe I'm contributing to a turnaround, who knows?  But, as a disclaimer, I have been to Cheuvront many times before this and had a good to great experience.  This review is for the dinner I had there last saturday night.So, having had great meals here, Sweet Pea and I decided to take the in-laws while they were in town.  The experience started off badly and only got worse.  We came in around 8:30 and were seated right away.  However, as soon as my butt hit the seat, the hostess turned to me (I guess I looked like the authority of the group of us) and said "um, the kitchen is kind of backed up. Can you wait 15 minutes?"  I looked at her with what must have been a very confused expression, and asked "15 minutes?  Like, I have to wait 15 minutes before anyone even comes to talk to me??" and she said "yes, is that a problem?"  Again, I looked at her incredulously and said "well, I guess I don't really have a choice, do I?" to which she just looked down and shuffled away.Then I was left to explain to Sweet Pea and the in-laws WTF she was just asking me.  An inauspicious start to an evening that we'd made big promises about.  Now, I don't know why she said this at all because our waitress was over shortly.  But, before she got there, said hostess came by and glumly slapped 4 wine glasses on our table...2 of which were dirty.  Not just dirty, one of them ACTUALLY STILL HAD WINE IN IT.  I am not joking.  So that was strike 2 for the in-laws to see...I was starting to feel about 1 inch tall, as I'm sure Sweet Pea was.We ordered a selection of cheeses after raving that, although the whole dinner may not have started out well service-wise, the cheeses at Cheuvront are remarkable and a "must-try".  Our salads came out...and then our main courses.  No cheese.  We started wondering, were they doing it French-style, after the meal?  There was no further wondering when they brought out the dessert menu, then the check.  No mention of the cheese whatsoever.  It's like Sweet Pea going through the cheese menu WITH THE VERY SAME WAITRESS and selecting 4 cheeses never happened.Get your act together, Cheuvront.  There are tons of great restaurants opening downtown almost very other week, and being an "establishment" means nothing in these times...look at My Florist.
3	Very cute wine bar with a relaxed atmosphere. I went on a Sunday evening so it was nice and quiet, perfect for hanging out with friends and enjoying a long ambling dinner. Being able to watch the light rail go by gives it a very urban vibe which is a nice change from the usual suburban strip mall locale of most places in Phoenix. I went here with a group of four for spring restaurant week. I am not sure if this was really such a good deal since the pizzas on their menu all sounded awesome and were much cheaper than the $30pp that we paid. But we happily decided to save that for another time and so we all ordered off the prix-fix menu. Everyone at the table liked their food though one person felt their chicken was a little undercooked. We got a variety of options so that we could all sample each others food. For me, the highlight was the gazpacho. It was really delicious. None of the other dishes were really out-of-this-world great, but still impressive food for a place that appears to primarily be a wine bar. The best part was that our server was able to recommend wines for each of us that we had never tried before but really enjoyed. I love trying new wines so that was a lot of fun. A small plus is that it prints the name of the wine on the receipt so I can actually remember the name to hopefully purchase a bottle another time. Even though I don't come to this midtown area often, this place is right down the street from the art museum so I will definitely be back.
5	The BEST macaroni and cheese anywhere. It doesn't seem possible that a classy upscale place like this with a fabulous wine and cheese list would have incredible macaroni and cheese. Ken knows what he is doing here and even though the food is every bit as good as the food I have had in Paris, his desserts will cause you to give in and forget about your diet for the day.Ask your server which cheeses are at their best and simply have a glass of wine to go with it if you like.If you order coffee it may take a bit as they always make it fresh when I am there.Worth the drive, wait or ruining your diet for.
5	My 2011 New Years Resolution was to find the very best mac n' cheese in the Valley.  So far, Cheuvront's is in the lead.  They have 6 varieties, and a wonderful trio option that lets you sample.  Adored the blue cheese, but I think the traditional was reallly the best.  Amazing play on flavors.  Loved watching the light rail go by, and enjoyed the quiet atmosphere.  Thinking I need to take my dog for patio dining next time.
4	Tasty pizza. Nice atmosphere. Good service.
4	Been going here for a few years and always loved it.  Yelp typically doesn't let you down.  Instead of going to many of the crappy joints downtown before concerts and sporting events we go here.  Even on the way out to Cricket for a concert.  Nice wines, cheese for all you cheese lovers, salad nicoise awesome, empanadas very good, and I could go on.  Jeff is usually at the bar and he is awesome.  Go there, a great wine option in the valley.
5	We went to Cheuvront for the first time this past Saturday and had a perfect dining experience.  The staff was super welcoming, the food that we ordered couldn't get any better and the wine was superb.  I tried two different wines and enjoyed them both - our server (Chris, I believe) was very knowledgeable and eager to answer my questions on the wine selections.  Will be back very soon!  Good job, Cheuvront!
4	Met a friend here for lunch & had a great experience. I've been meaning to get here for a while, having heard great things. Unfortunately didn't get to sample the wine menu. But the lunch offerings were good - turkey sandwich was very flavorful with its crumbled goat cheese, vinaigrette, and fig jam on 9-grain bread. Such a large sandwich runs the risk of being dry, but no problem here. My friend got to enjoy the sausage mac & cheese; I was tempted by some of the other versions on the menu - next time for sure. Also, the place wasn't too crowded for lunch - no problems getting a table or parking.
4	Wow, I am a bit shocked to see the previous review. I have read some reviews that the lunch service isn't the best but I personally have NEVER had an issue with Cheuvronts. We discovered this restaurant during Arizona Restaurant week last year. I have been for several dinners as well as a wine tasting. The food has always been cooked quite nicely, presented in a very nice way on the the plate. We love the cheese and wine selection. We have become friends with one of the staff who has been with the restaurant for a long time and is always up for making a reccommendation for food, cheese or wine. His name is Todd and he has always been great with us. I really feel that the person who posted the previous review should give this place another chance. I don't know what goes on during the dayshift or happy hour. But the dinner service has never been an issue for us. And I would be the first person to complain if there was an issue. If you do decide to give it another chance, ask for Todd. He knows whats going on, will take care of you and will address any issues. The portions for some items are a bit small and the price can be a bit higher depending on the entree. I would highly recommend this restaurant and it is one of my favorite local places in Phoenix. AZ Restaurant week would be a good time to try this place as you can get a multiple course meal for a good price. Also they do offer wine dinners once or twice a month as well as twice a month wine tastings on Saturday afternoons.
3	Used to catch the light rail to Cheuvront's all the time, so after an afternoon of day drinking and hanging out in the pool at the Clarendon, we decided to cruise down a few blocks and get some good ol' blue cheese mac-n-cheese.  The mac is still awesome and the wine list steller (albeit some choices are a bit pricey).  Cheuvront's is consistent and reliable when it comes to wine choices and ambiance.  Only thing that bums me out and brings down my review a star is the removal of the love couch from the south side of the bar and those wonderfully cheesy Bond movies dubbed into Italian they used to play at night during dinner.  Once overheard a tourist here ask for the "grande pene pasta" while watching those old Italian dubs--um, wouldn't we all, bro?Even without the Bond, James Bond, I still love going here for the wine tastings and excellent desserts.  Awesome to sit out on the patio and listen to the light rail go by, grab a book, pick up a nice bottle of their latest cab and hang out with your dog.
4	Decided to take a short trip downtown to try the Central Coast Wine Tasting event held here last week.  We had a blast!  While the rep that hosted the wine tasting made the wine tasting a fun and informative event, we really enjoyed the atmosphere and FOOD! The tapas plate that came with the wine tasting was fabulous, blue cheese and bacon stuffed dates, a super tasty California cheese (bought some to take home) and a tiny, but very yummy shrimp salad. That only made us want to try more!  Jeannie loves scallops, so naturally she ordered the Scallop Martini.  I know deep down she did not want to share, but she graciously fed me one of those monsters.  She said they are the best she has ever had and I have a hard time arguing with her.  Three big, tender, perfectly cooked and seasoned scallops resting in a Martini glass.  The accompanying sauce was absolutely delicious.  We also ordered a single cheese plate with a cheese from Spain, Mahon (I think).  Loved that one too, so of course we bought some to enjoy later. Won't wait for a wine tasting to make our return....
5	I work in central Phoenix and have heard good things about the restaurant. Finally got there for lunch with a friend and we both found the menu to have many items that we would love to try. I decided to have the tuna steak sandwich. It was served open faced and seared which is perfect.  Was seasoned deliciously and accompanied by a fresh side salad.  We had a friendly server, Meggie who was polite enough to write down the name of wine we tasted.  I will be back...soon.
4	oh the cheese!!! i went for their monthly cheese tasting (and 3 wine line up). The wine costed an extra 10. The cheese was honestly really amazing. The staff was very knowledgeable about the food and were able to suggest wines that would compliment the ordered food. I really loved the experience we had, we learned not only the history about the cheese, but also learned how they are made. It was honestly a fun experience and I would enjoy doing this again. it is pretty pricey but its all for the experience and the fun of it all.
4	I have been to Cheuvront a couple of times, but this time was my first actual meal here. I had just finished a big exam and really needed a glass of wine.Mel had the open faced Tuna Steak sandwich, wich was beautiful but a little difficult to eat. Thick slices of avocado and thin slices of sear ahi tuna on a ciabatta roll. She said it was delicious.I ordered the Grilled Cheddar Cheese. It was exactly what I wanted- melty, cheesy, and sublime. I paired it with a glass of Kim Crawford Sauvignon Blanc, which I reccomend. It's a fruity but crisp white and it really hit the spot.This is a great date spot. This is the place to go for a new wine suggestion. I'll be back soon.
4	Thank you Cheuvront for challenging me. I have grown weary of all the so called wine bars around that boast more college students and second rate wines than actual good ones. I've been meaning to try this place for awhile. It feels super fancy but you can show up casual. When I walked in I felt overwhelmed ( in a good way ) about the great selection of cheeses and wines. You can also get champagne by the glass! Real champagne from France. I felt silly trying to pronounce all the names of the different cheeses and such. Good for them. It's about time my know it all butt was put in her place. I ordered a glass of sparkling white wine called Gruet Brut from New Mexico. Light, airy, refreshing and paired really well with the Abbaye de bellocq. This is a french cheese that was creamy and practically melted in my mouth. To top it off I had one of the best martinis of my life. A chocolate martini. Just imagine: Godiva liqueur, FRESH mint and actual little rounds of chocolate in the glass so you had a reward for finishing. Two complaints: first is what is up with the bathroom? I found it slightly confusing and hot as cuss in there. That should definitely be fixed. Second: according to yelp happy hour started at 9pm but when I arrived i was told that it didn't start til 10pm! I even showed them the yelp announcement. Oh well didn't get happy hour prices but still a good deal in my book. I will definitely return for dinner and their happy hour.
5	As I mentioned before, I am very stingy when it comes to giving five star reviews. An experience has to be pretty mind blowing for me to do so. That being said, my experience at Cheuvront tonight was definitely worthy.Our server, Drew, was absolutely wonderful. He was friendly, charming, and not hard to look at. He made us laugh and made sure our meal was perfection. He provided some of the best service I have received period, which is a lot to say because I go out to eat frequently. I will definitely be returning and bringing my friends and requesting him.The food was just as great as the service. We went for restaurant week, so we each did the $30 dealio that comes with three courses. I did the poached pear salad, salmon, and the peach cheesecake. We also decided to try their mac and cheese because we had heard good things about it. The mac and cheese (we got the pesto and spinach one) was TO DIE FOR. I am salivating just thinking about it. I love me some mac and cheese so I am always excited to find really good ones. They also had a couple other options to choose from that I definitely will be back to try. My salmon was cooked to absolute perfection. The cheesecake was also amazing. My girls and I left totally stuffed but totally happy.My only issue with this place was the bathroom. It was a little odd, but hey it had a toilet so I can't really complain.They have a parking lot and they are also right off the light rail so they are super accessible. I'd definitely recommend this place for a date or a girl's night. It definitely has a romantic, luxe feel. I will definitely be back!
5	I simply cannot get over how much I have fallen in love with this place. I have lived in CenPho for several years now and have only just tried Cheuvront in the last four months or so. I mistakenly assumed it was a pretentious wine restaurant but truthfully, it is far from it. My first foray was at a Sunday Italian cheese tasting they held over the summer. Around $15-$18, you sampled pre-selected cheeses and had the option of ordering a wine flight with it or anything else to drink. You could also order other food. The tastings began at 3pm, and the best part was the restaurant officially opened at 4pm which began their 4-6pm daily happy hour. Yes, DAILY. Great HH selection, too, between the drinks and food. I am a fan of the one cheese plate for $5, margherita flatbread ($6, I think) and their goat cheese phyllo pockets with a balsamic sauce. God, those are to die for. On the dinner menu, we also tried a bleu cheese mac and cheese that was delicious. Since the first cheese tasting, I have been to an American cheese tasting, and most recently a Spanish cheese tasting. It was at the American cheese tasting that I discovered a favorite goat cheese with the consistency of a parmesan. Cheuvront sells their cheeses for about $1.50 an ounce which is very reasonable. I also had a fantastic red sangria that I had to stop at 2 for. So good. The service is great, friendly, laid back and approachable. That is how I would describe Cheuvront, overall, too. Check out their website where they have a calendar with their tasting events.
4	they have an awesome selection of high end cheese. during lunch this cheese makes its way into their sandwiches. i had the buzzed Ham sandwich which was phenomenal!  I also didnt think it was too pricey for the lunch crowd either, with an average of about 9$ without a drink. Staff was very friendly and very attentive to both days of our large group of 9.My only complaint is that in the two days I got to visit this place back to back they ran out of things. It doesnt appear that they know how to stock or to have enough food on hand for the day.
2	I can't find it in me to give this place more than two stars.The atmosphere is not bad, pretty much expected for a wine bar.  However there are some tacky elements... our high-top table and both stools were annoyingly wobbly, and a member of the waitstaff was sitting at a computer using Facebook at the bar (klassy).The service was terrible... to the point where we were ready to walk out if the waiter made one more trip past our table without so much as eye contact.  We walked to the bar for our second round of drinks after waiting with empty glasses for about 15 minutes (the same amount of time it took us to get our first round).When the waiter to patron ratio is about 1:1, you'd expect a lot more...  I'm sticking to Postino.
4	I can think of nothing that needs improvement.I think I've found my downtown replacement for Sportmans - something I thought downtown was currently incapable of.  Except they don't sell cigars ... I can forgive them don't smoke 'em anyway.Wine and cheese selection - excellent.  Risotto - excellentMenu - intriguingknowledgeable wait staff - checkInteresting events - yeppers
4	So yummy, good date spot.
4	I have been here many times over the years, even celebrating my 2 year anniversary with my sweetie here.  I like that they have an amazing selection of cheese, my total weakness.  Recently we went to one of their specialty dinners and the experience was top notch.  Basically it is family style seating with a long table with room for 12.  You learn about wine from a certain region and food to compliment it.  It was 3 courses and 3 wines all for $45!  The portions were big enough that when I go again I am going to half everything so I have a great next day meal.I found out about these dinners through FaceBook because I am "friends" with the host.  What was great though is when we walked in for the dinner he recognized me     and remembered my name, true customer service.  On Mondays they have 2 flat bread pizzas and a bottle of wine for $20 you can't beat that!
3	I was visiting from out of town and our group of 5 came here for dinner one night.I ordered the Caesar Salad for an appetizer and the chicken with gnocchi for my entree.  The salad was a bit disappointing, the dressing was lacking in flavor and they definitely put the emphasis on presentation here.  The chicken, while it was tasty, left me hungry.  The gnocchi was great though, would have loved some more of that!For dessert we shared some kind of chocolate souffle cake with goat cheese but it was very dry and didn't have much flavor.Definitely a romantic place if you want an intimate dinner or are a big fan of wine (which I'm not).
1	Wanted to go try this place out for Restaurant Week. Stopped in and when we were greeted at the front we were told the earliest we could get in was at 9pm. There were many empty tables and there wasn't even a waiting list for people without reservations. The situation at the door just wasn't handled very well. Can't comment on the food but we'll eat at one of the other hundred restaurants in the metro area. We know we can get some food there.
5	I can't really think of a metaphor that will really describe this place. My heart is really overwhelmed by the great service that I just had. This restaurant has a lot to offer, whether celebrating an event or not. They have a wide selection of wine and cheese and a unique and eclectic menu. They are here to delight all sorts of palate!
5	So. Good.My BFF & I go here frequently. The patio is great when the weather suits, and the inside tables are great when it doesnt.Their happy hour menu is awesome. Select dishes/ drinks for $5 a piece. I havent had a bad item here. From the flatbreads to the bruschetta (the fig and brie is my fave), to the vodka scallops (served in a martini glass) and cheese plates. And oh the cheese, the cheese!Oh and did I mention their mac and cheese menu? Cuz its bomb. Even reheated, bomb.Weve never had a bad server here. Even though their attire suggests otherwise, theyre very casual and oh so very nice.Go here.
5	Wild red flight with cheese!  Try it. Helpful staff, very friendly, especially Todd and Drew.
1	Snippy waitress. Ran out of bruschetta and caprece salad. Caesar salad was warm shredded lettuce (apparently including iceberg) and tomatoes with some sort of non garlic dressing that was barely able to be tasted. That is not a Caesar salad.  Flatbread came without being cut into manageable slices and crumbled all over the place. Was told the bruschetta would have been made on facacio ??? bread  if they had any. That is not bruschetta.  My companions ordered shared salad and flatbread which arrived without sharing plates.  The kitchen was slow and the wait staff insufferable. The chef is obviously very high on himself.  I was embarrassed to have taken my visiting relative there.
3	I've been here a number of times and the food is always good.  They have a fantastic selection of cheese and it's a great place to try boutique cheeses.  The current rating is due to the service we received last night.  The hostess was very friendly but our waitress was sorely lacking.  After our food arrived and two in our party still needed silverware, we informed her and she never returned with silverware.  We ended up stealing it from a neighboring table.  She made a bleak attempt at humor telling us that one of the cheeses was a water-based calorie-free cheese when we're pretty sure it's a triple cream.  If she'd had an iota of personality, the joke might have flown.  But, it fell flat and left us confused wondering if we'd really just ordered calorie free cheese.  We enjoyed our evening anyway.  The service could just use a little work.
1	I'm rating this of my initial experience with this place and my disappointment. I had been wanting to check out this place as I had been hearing great things about the wine and cheese selections plus I drive by  there everyday. My friend and I chose to check it out on a mellow weekday afternoon and we did not even eat/drink here because of the initial impression we received. We walked into the front entry and saw there was only one couple at a table and it was slow due to the time of day. We looked around and eventually expected to see anyone who worked there as we awkwardly waited near the hostess stand for several minutes. Finally, a server emerged who did not even acknowledge us in any way and went to help the one table. After that it appeared that a cook or someone from back of house came out to the bar and again did not acknowledge us either. Finally, a couple minutes later the waiter came out into the dining room again and we asked to see a wine list just to get his attention. He then made his way over to hand us a wine list. At that point, we were pretty much over this place as we did not want to see how much worse the service might get if we actually stayed. I was really disappointed that the experience was so bad without even trying the place as I was really looking forward to finding a new downtown restaurant.
3	Stopped by for happy hour and have never walked away so full on bread.  The bruschetta was tasty, but the size of Focaccia bread seems like it was ordered off the Super Size Me menu.  Also split the Pear Salad, which all the flavors were right, but just heavy on the dressing for our liking.We'll definitely stop back, as some of the salmon dishes that came out to neighboring tables looked appetizing.  Prices were good for quality of food, but have to be willing to set down for a heaving meal as most French food falls in this category.Also strange that there was no background music even though you could see speakers.Glad to see another local downtown restaurant.
4	Had a bottle of wine with my wife before the theatre. The atmosphere was great and the staff was friendly. Didn't have any food though.
4	My boyfriend and I visited Cheuvront for the first time during Happy hour, and I was very impressed! We took advantage of the hh menu and ordered a cucumber mojito (YUM) and prickly pear margarita to start with. For food, we decided on the mushroom empanadas, fig/brie bruschetta, and tomato/basil/parmesan flat bread.OMG for all of them, and at $5 a plate. Rarely do you leave happy hour full and with money still in your pocket. Excellent service, comfortable atmosphere--I can't wait to come back and try one of their signature mac and cheese dishes.
2	This place was decent. The happy hour was a good deal for food but the drinks were weak. The prickly pear margarita was very small. The location is close to the Phx Art Museum which is convenient, but it would be hard to decide to return. The server was very nice.
3	Food was good and full of exciting flavors. Would put 3 $$$ for price.
4	I found this place whilst trying to find good mac and cheese places on yelp. I'll be honest, I love my wine and I love my cheese. Bonus points if its melted over mac.And they do great mac and cheese. Some better than others- my favorite so far has actually been the spinach and pesto. If you want the chorizo, I say pass. The spinach or the bacon is much better. If you're into bleu cheese, the bleu cheese mac is VERY bleu. Take that for what it's worth. That's not all they do either. Their entrees are consistently great. My boyfriend got some scallops that were incredible, though I don't think it's on their menu now.Their wines are great too. I'll be honest, I'm no connoisseur, but they had a moscato from Israel that the bf still drools over. It's enough that the next time I was there I picked up a whole bottle, just for him. I've also had one of their mojitos and that was great as well.As a note- if you're in for happy hour and get a cheese plate... I really do think its better to splurge and get a regular cheese plate. I got a happy hour cheese plate, and it's... miniscule. All of the stuff that made their non happy hour cheese plate awesome was diminished. 1 cheese instead of 3. No boursin. Fewer crackers. Less of that fantastic orange blossom honey and apples. You get my drift. Definitely a must try. Service is great and attentive, and it's always been nice and quiet when I went in.
5	Another fun wine tasting in the books! The fella that hosted the Arizona Strongold wine tasting was awesome and we want to thank Todd for selecting some fantastic cheeses for us. The tapas plate was pork belly and blue cheese stuffed dates....incredible!  If you haven't tried a wine tasting here yet, put it n your to do list!
3	I feel like the atmosphere is more coffee house than chic wine bar. It's too bright for sexy-eye wine induced staring and there's some 'art' on the walls that reminds me of a Friends episode. Other than that, the ambiance is nice- but no panties dropped on this date.The service was good, and the waiter seemed like a nice guy and was polite. The wine I ordered was pretty good as well, but when I asked my server about 2 different wines, he didn't seem to know how to describe their nuances very well. It was more like- this one tastes good that one tastes better. Well, thanks for that articulate recap... blind leading the blind.We ordered some bruschetta- Not good. The fig was way too sweet. It tasted like overly sweet fig jam had been used. When I've ordered this dish in restaurants before- it has come with fresh fig, and for the price- that's what I expected. They could at least put that in the description, because I wouldn't have ordered this if I had known. I choked it down to be polite to my date. It may have been more edible if there was actually some brie on it to counter the insane sweetness. All I could find was a little smear of brie rind, but no actual cheese. If it's brie and fig- put some brie on it.The bread used for the bruschetta is very thick- as far as bread is concerned, it does taste good, but it is so thick that each bite of the bruschetta is incredibly dry and I  just felt awful after eating it- too much bread for an app. The other bruschetta we tried was ok. I can't even remember what it was, maybe it had red pepper and goat cheese... it wasn't memorable at all, but compared to the fig one that actually was hurting my teeth due to the sugar level- it was a welcome palate cleanser.My date also ordered the cheese plate (cheese on cheese- what was he thinking?). The cheeses were good, but I've had better and more interesting selections. I love cheese! I used to visit my local cheese counter everyday in LA- I have little reservations. It would've been nice to see some Cypress Grove selections, or Sea Stack or Epoisses or Barely Buzzed... something actually interesting- maybe less mild. Phoenix demo may not be into that though.I guess the point is, it's okay, but I've had better. I wouldn't write the place off entirely- I haven't even tried their entrees, so maybe that's where they kick ass, but the bruschetta is a miss and the cheese plate is what it is.
3	I really want to love Cheuvront. It's close to work and I like the atmosphere here. I also really like the choice of wines they offer and they always have great wine tasting events going on.  I just get the vibe that everyone takes themself WAY too seriously. It's nothing that is blatant because the service is efficient and friendly enough but it's just a feeling that I get, perhaps a slight upturning of the nose or that, the customer should be thankful that they get to be here.I'm always preoccupied with attitude so maybe it's just me but I always have that "am I welcome here?" kind of feeling when I come here. Of course if I'm spending $$ here than the answer is obviously yes....still.....have to have more of a think on this.By all means worth checking out, you'll probably feel a different vibe than me.
4	Went here last month for a book club meeting..it's way cooler than it sounds.It wasn't all that busy, but then again-it was the early evening. I'm not sure if it picks up later at night. I had some ridiculously good Pinot Noir (the brand is escaping me right now) and ate some delicious flatbread. The server was very helpful and attentive. Overall, the place has a very hip/chic vibe,  but still casual. It's very quiet and relaxed. Service was great and the staff was friendly & informative.
2	AZ restaurant week inspired me to try a new place.  We made a reservation, were sat immediately, but man, our server was awkward.  I felt like he kept repeating everything i said in this voice that was questioning my every choice.  I was open to a suggestion if he had one...but he didnt offer much.  Everyone else we made contact with was great - bartender helped my husband with a gin selection, other servers stopped by and asked how everything was...everyone else seemed extremely friendly.  But our guy, uh...not so much.It appeared the AZ Restaurant week menu was our only option for dinner.  I was disappointed in all our selections.  The charcuterie plate with sliced prosciutto and stuffed cherry peppers was, in a word, lame. My husband had the pork belly and it had good flavor, but the presentation was really lacking.  He had the lamb burger that came with some Mcdonalds style fries and I had the fried eggplant.  Neither dish had much flavor. Salt and pepper on the table would have been a nice option - maybe thats not hip and cool anymore?  Dessert attempted to save the meal - the chocolate bouchon was pretty amazing.  The sorbet was good as well.Overall, I was disappointed.  It seemed like it should be a nice place and maybe we just had a bad roll of the dice that night...but I never got to see what they have on the regular menu.  I might try it again to try a cheese plate but I dont think its going into my restaurant rotation.
3	We visited on a Friday afternoon and caught the tail end of happy hour. Also catching some tail was some guy who came in with a young lady who was clearly an escort. I was upset that our seating only allowed us to see, but not hear, the -- team(?) -- interacting. We didn't ask to be moved by the rookie john and his "friend" so I didn't hold this against them.Our server could have offered though.We ordered a three cheese plate, mango mojito, and prickly pear margarita. The cheese was good (as others have posted) but the drinks were small and rather bland. The ambiance is nice and, for a Friday happy hour, I can definitely see why a guy who pays women for companionship thought this place would seal the proverbial deal. I suspect the $500 cash he left in the envelope on her seat when he picked her up was her real motivation, but props to him for trying to keep his game fresh. In all, if you are on the light rail after work, Cheuvront is worth stopping by.
2	Underwhelming to say the least. Yeah we went on a Thursday but what a strange place. Not my idea of a cool wine bar at all. Atmosphere was blah. Music was weird and barely existent. The wine selection was half assed. The food selection was also half assed. Although the guy who seated us was great, he was not dressed for the part at all. He looked like he rolled off a 1970's surf flick. I don't know it was like Keanu meets eddy vedder. Weird. It had not ambiance no style, nothing going for it. It was not cool to even be in there. Will I be back.....uh I don't think so. Would I recommend it, ahhh hell no. Like I said I only had one good thing to say and the Keanu Eddy Vedder host was good and attentive. Otherwise the place was not even worth wasting space in my brain to remember.People talking about most extensive wine and cheese list in AZ, well kid, you have not been to very many wine bars. This place does not even come close to most extensive of anything in AZ!!!
5	$5 martinis and $5 manicures on Mondays!!!The manicurist teaches at a school, so - needless to say - the manicure was great.The drinks were good.  The bartender stayed on top of us, but also out of our way.  The atmosphere is just lovely - chill/quiet - and the staff (including the perfectly charming (and handsome!) Owner) were really pleasant to be around.I think Cheuvront may be losing some of its steam to the newer restaurants downtown and, granted, I've yet to try this out for dinner and wine, but it's really a very lovely place and I'd really like to see this neighborhood staple thrive!
5	Fave date spot.  Food is always great.  Love the wine and cheese selection.
5	Cheuvront's is a nice little spot in Downtown Phoenix and a perfect place for a date night. The wine and cheese was fantastic. I was also very impressed by the attentiveness of the wait staff. I'll definitely be going back!
5	Few things make me happier than wine and cheese -- so naturally, I enjoyed the Cheuvront! I wasn't in the mood to make any decisions myself (it was Friday, after all) so I let one of the owners surprise me with his favorite red wine and a cheese plate. The shiraz he picked was delish, and the cheese plate, especially the brie, was equally yummy. I'd suggest you go for happy hour, sit on one of the comfy couches, ask your server or an owner for their recommendations, and try a bunch of stuff!
1	My husband & I recently went there for a Port tasting ,,,to say it was a disappointment is an understatement.  We have been there several times & live only a few miles away. With that said - the Port tasting was a DISASTER! GO NOT GO THERE FOR TASTINGS!! Unlike most tastings they mark up the bottles by 100% in order to make $$ & sell their very mediocre food.  The pours were so uneven they ran out of Port for several people!! We had all paid $20 & the pours were uneven - BS!!!!!  I was livid & then they served us a tomato/basil/.crap flatbread "complimentary" - WTH?? with Port?? Obviously these people know NOTHING about wine pairings.  My husband & I were very disappointed in the service, food, price point of bottles (laughable really) & the overall experience!  DO NOT GO TO THIS RESTAURANT!!!!!!!!!!
5	So my wife and I are  HUGE fans of Cheuvront and the tastings they hold there several times a month. We've done Spanish Cheese tastings, Italian Wine tastings and everything in between and always have a great time! This past weekend was the port tasting and what a great event. I learned a TON about port that I didn't know and got to try several ports that I'd never had. The tastings are typically $15 and include a small plate (or in this case, delicious of pizza). Do yourself a favor and go check out Todd, Jeff and the gang and get on the email list for their tastings. it's always a great time!
5	Great wine and cheese and really nice atmosphere, our waitress Laura was very knowledgeable and professional.
1	Took an out of town coworker on 1-8-13.  It was very slow, only two other tables so we thought we would get excellent service from Thomas, our waiter.  Well, that didn't happen.  He was MIA most of the night.  In fact, we had to ask another employee to get him so we could order.  Thomas we not very friendly at all and acted like he did not even want to be there.  I still tipped him 20%, because I have worked in the business many years.  My best tip is writing a review and simply not going back.  Simple as that.  Finally, it was a cold night and they did not have the heat on.  Nothing worse than eating and freezing at the same time!  The food? It was just OK
5	Went here for the wine tasting. Absolutely love this place.  The decor is upscale and the ambiance is quite and cozy.  Great place for a romantic dinner...hint hint for Valentines day. A reservation is a must for special occasion days. The wine tasting was sectioned off from the rest of the restaurant but the service was still exceptional. Got to sample 5 wines and a tapas for $15.  They offer their regular menu during the tasting also. I tried the fig and Brie bruschetta. A great sweet paring for the French wines. I also had a prosciutto and Gouda topped with onions and capers a great pairing for savory wines.  The table I sat with also had a ham and gruyere grilled sandwich which was fabulously amazing.  The food was just as great as the service given by Stephano.  He was always there to fill the water glass, take an order for food, and just to make sure everyone was ok always with a pleasant smile and he kept great eye contact. One of the best servers I have encountered in a long time.    Overall I would recommend this place for both fine dining and for their wine tastings which they do on a regular bases, approximately every 2 weeks. I also hear rumors that they also have a cheese tasting.  I can't wait to find out if its true.
5	Cheuvront is a perfect date night place.My cute guy set up a reservation for a Thursday night out. We arrived a little early after he realized Cheuvront would close at 2100. We wanted to be sure to he our cheese and wine fix to the maximum.I was impressed at the extensive cheese list. I lived in France for two years & this compares very well to a fromagerie in France with all the different cheeses. The staff is all quite nice and knowledgable on the menu of cheeses and wines to pair with. We selected three cheeses and asked to pair with the suggested wines. I was very impressed. The cheese plate is paired with fruits and a scatter of almonds to cleanse the palate between cheeses. My boyfriend ordered the risotto for his entree and he was asked if he wanted salmon or chicken ... It wasn't a small amount of salmon as one would expect, but a quite moderate piece of salmon filet. I had the Cheuvront chicken served with polenta. Rarely do I finish my entire entree , but this meal was heaven in my mouth. For dessert we shared a piece of hazelnut torte and champagne. Perfect date night and worth the extra workout. The staff is wonderful and the ambience is romantic. The only two things would change is a later closing ...& not to serve dinner while the cheese course is being savoured. But because the meal and experience of Thursday night date night was so amazing ... Still earns a 5 ...& my date, spot on, is a 10 for making this such a great night :)
3	The food was good. I enjoyed my salmon. I loved the cake. The dessert cheese plate was good. I did not like ambience. We sat at a high table. The metal stools are slippery causing me and my wife to have to readjust every few minutes. The table was awkward for dinner but might be fine for happy hour. My only gripe is the ambience. For the money I want it to feel classier.
4	I really like this place. Jeff is amazing, so I always try to get a seat at the bar. The staff is very friendly and attentive. They have a really enjoyable happy hour every day from 4 to 6. It is a great place to go unwind after a long workday. The food is delectable and definitely worth sampling. The happy hour menu is full of savory dishes.  Worth checking out.
4	This is a great place to eat and drink wine. The food is delicious and the service is always wonderful. I have been here several times and I love it. The cheeses are spectacular and I am not even the biggest cheese fan. The desserts are great too.
3	I'm not sure if there is any utility in writing a review for this place since this location is closing down in one week, but here goes!I came here for Restaurant Week and had a 3-course meal. For the first course I had a Truffle Mushroom Empanada which was basically a puff pastry stuffed with sauteed mushrooms and Comte cheese. I felt like it was a little dry and could've used a lot more cheese inside. The second course was Steak Au Poivre with french fries. The steak was good, not excellent. It was a little tough and chewy, which was especially noticeable because they never gave us steak knives and we had to use our butter knives to try and saw through the meat. The french fries were a big disappointment. I think they were just the frozen crinkly fries you can buy at the store - they reminded me of the fries they used to serve at lunch in the school cafeteria. The best part of the meal was the third course, a chocolate bouchon with vanilla icecream. The chocolate bouchon/cake was delicious, moist, and rich.Service was great and my friends who ordered the wine pairings with their meals seemed to enjoy it. Prices for cocktails seemed a little steep ($12 for a martini), but don't take my word for it because I'm not a big alcohol drinker. I do like the atmosphere of the place and the fact that they use open table for you to make reservations, so convenient. I was sad to see this place go because it is one of very few restaurants within walking distance of my home, but after actually sampling the food, I'm thinking I won't be missing out on much when it leaves...
1	Unfortunately, they are out of business.  Looks like they closed their doors only a few days ago.  I have eaten there twice and it was very good. Don;t know why they closed but they had a Thank You banner posted for their customers.  Too bad.
