2	This place replaced the old Pickup Stix, redecorated the place but unfortunately the food isn't authentic nor does it justifies the price.The server is extremely helpful and friendly. The portions generous but the flavor isn't there. For $8.50 you have a good array of dinner menus to choose from and for around $5 for lunch. Specials include egg rolls, wontons, soup, choice of rice and chow mein. I ordered "double cooked pork", it isn't double cooked pork. Rather it is just some veggies bbq pork stir fry. It was very disappointing and they should not have put the name up if the item is not what it's suppose to be. My friend ordered sesame chicken and it turned out to be orange chicken with about 20 pieces of sesame on one piece of nugget. I'm not exaggerating. anyway, probably won't be coming back to this place. Quite unfortunate because it has potential and a good service.
5	My kids and I loved it!!!!!!!!!!The food was great, the servers were awesome! I like the food here, they have great portions and my favorite is the green bean chicken! :o)I definitely recommend this place...
3	First time ordering. Delivery in 27 MINUTES (IMPRESSIVE) and I am thinking 'oh no food is going to be bad.' But no, it's good, not great, portions are huge! food was effin HOTI got the Sweet and Sour Shrimp and the white to-go container was bulging with shrimp-BULGING!  I took a picture and I will post it.S.O. got the Green Pepper Beef and it was good, enough meat and also had onion, carrots, mushrooms and zucchini. Egg rolls were not good however, it was big but,  the filling mushy and blah. Over all 3.5, i started at 4 stars,  till I ate the egg roll and had a hellava hard time getting them to understand my address...I was really impressed with shrimp and delivery time. I used to own a Domino's Pizza and know what it takes to delivery food and it is hard to impress me but damn, 27 minutes is FAST!
5	The food tasted great and the price was awesome.  Their lunch specials are only $5 and come with enough food for two.  Dinner specials are only $8 and come with even more.  Highly recommend!
4	This place is great. It moved in were the old Pick-up-Sticks used to be and offers much better food. The joint is fast paced and open to substitutions on its combos. The prices are average compared to other normal take-out Chinese food. I really like the the house chicken and orange chicken.
4	I'm new to the West Valley and this is the 4th or 5th Chinese place I have tried. It is by far the best of the small handful I've sampled. The key to this place is the fact that they make your dish fresh when you order. It is piping hot and fresh every time. The best dish I've had is the spicy orange chicken!!! I've also had the general, sweet and sour, and sesame. The general was a touch on the bland side. The other 2 dishes were spot on. You can't beat the lunch prices, around 6 dollars for a generous serving of your entree, rice, soup, an egg roll, and a crab puff.
5	We decided to give this place a try after moving into the area.  We had a place a little bit farther out that we have been going to for years so we were skeptical.  This has become our new place for Chinese takeout.  Great food, AMAZING portions, and decent prices.  Service is always fast.  We've tried several things on the menu and haven't been disappointed yet. I'd recommend them.
3	Another fast delivery and my two friends of asian descent said it was good-not great or craveable but having delivery makes it desirable. 3 1/2 stars, rice could be better.
5	Been here several times and the food is consistently good.  Staff is friendly and my order is always right. Orange chicken is good and low mein excellent.  Don't think they have alcohol and it's more take out than dine in, but servings are generous and good.Support a local business.
5	Surprisingly amazing soup. Get the Wor Wonton Soup and it will fill you up. No need to order more. Delivery was fast and friendly as well
4	Always consistently fresh.  I love the location, being right down the street from my apartment.  I have called in orders or have gone in and ordered.  They don't speak the greatest English but I think that comes with the atmosphere.  They give good portions for decent prices and also have a good casual family atmosphere.
5	I have been here many times.  The best Chinese place on this side of town.  Always fresh and very fast service.  Wonderful employees.
5	I have to admit ... I am really picky when it comes to Chinese food but I have to admit I LOVE this place! Been there for lunch/dinner maybe 20 times, and have never had a bad visit. The service borders on amazing. The food is good, and the portions are generous. You will have leftovers for days. You get so much food for your moneyThe prices are so inexpensive  for such quality/quantity/service, it will keep you coming back for more.  You have to try the crab puffs...pork fried rice.. and orange chicken.. they are to die for!!
5	I eat here usually a couple of times a month but if I had my way I'd be there at least once a week.  I LOVE it and it's right around the corner from the house.  The food is always good, everyone there is delightful, everything is made fresh and it comes to you HOT. Even when I drive it home it's still sometimes too hot to wolf right down.  The prices are great... especially their lunch specials.  They also will usually take coupons from other Chinese restaurants. And if you're sick with a cold, I highly recommend their War Wonton Soup with a little hot mustard to fix you right up.  Good stuff!
3	A dear friend took me to China Red Cafe and she likes it very much but I'm afraid I did not share the same palette. Don't get me wrong the food was freshly prepared, I had beef and broccoli and the broccoli was crunchy and meat was juicy. I wasn't impressed because it had a bit of too strong flavor of Anise spice or Chinese spice.
4	The lunch specials here ROCK! Amazing value for fresh cooked-to-order food! (way cheaper, healthier, better quality than anything you will get at Panda Express) I've tried and recommend the Sesame Chicken, Orange Chicken (different than what you might expect, but so tasty) Broccoli Beef and House Chicken... Very friendly staff and clean kitchen and dining area. Support this local business!
2	General Tso's chicken tasted like McNuggets with ketchup. And I detected a bit too much corn starch. The beef and broccoli had a weird texture and the taste was a bit off. I will not be coming back. Two stars because the price wasn't bad for a Chinese joint.
5	Love this place - very friendly and you can make it very healthy as well.  Stir fry vegis with chicken and brown rice are my go to.  Everything looks good.  Portions are nice.  Great place.  Wish the menu explained the dishes a little better - but that is minor.  Oh boy - it is kept clean too.  Love it.
4	First time at China Red Cafe. I was pretty pleased with my order, I had their Orange Chicken dinner combo! It included: soup, egg roll, 2 wontons, fried rise, and chow mein!! Wow!!! Tons of FOOD!!! The service was also very good!!! Definitely will be coming back!!
5	I came here on based on other Yelp reviews on my road trip from California to Louisiana. Once again, Yelp did not disappoint.I got the Mongolian beef dinner special to go. It came with fried or steamed rice + chow mein + soup + Mogolian beef (of course). That box probably weighed 4 pounds. So for $8.50, you definitely get your money's worth in quantity. As far as quality, the Mongolian beef had way too many onions cut up in there, but the beef itself was great. A restaurant is just as much about service as it is about food. Service was fast and friendly. So all in all, 5 stars.If you are local, the lunch special is only $5.25 which is a great deal!
1	Wow I was really surprised how bad the food was with all the good reviews. We got sweet and sour chicken, orange chicken and the app for 2. My GF who generally likes most food didn't like the orange chicken at all. I tried it didn't care for it myself either. Would prefer panda over here. The sweet and sour chicken was not edible the sauce was bland and the chicken looked and tasted like it was overcook and cooked in old oil. As for the app plate not much better. Beef on a stick tasted like the fried shrimp it came with again very bland. The one thing I will say is the pork fried rice wasn't to bad. But they won't let you upgrade steamed rice to pork fried rice so had to get it separate. Even asked to upgrade for a charge and was told no. All for nothing won't waste my hard earned cash here again.
5	I came here on a whim . I was very surprised . Place was clean . Kitchen is exposed and very clean . The biggest surprise was the food . The dinner portion is huge and tasted great more like gourmet Chinese. Will go back again
4	Finally good decent Chinese food in the west valley and it's not expensive and they give you plenty of food. Why has it taken so long to find a good Chinese food place in the west valley?  Came here for lunch and the food was good, tasty, and man did they give you enough left overs for a second meal. Tried the chow mien lunch combo with fried rice, soup, crab Rangoon. Yum.
5	I love this place! Big portions, great quality fresh veggies. Everytime I walk in and order they make my order fresh. Been going there about 2 years now and I've Never ever had a bad experience with the food there. It's prob some of the best Chinese food I've ever had. Usually Chinese food is super gross and greasy and veggies are usually over cooked and soaked in oil. Not at this place. The WOR WONTON SOUP is the best soup. The veggies in it are crunchy and fresh. Huge portion w/ chicken, shrimp, wontons, cabbage, broccoli, mushrooms, carrots etc. I'm getting hungry envisioning this. ORANGE CHICKEN is not like nasty Panda Express. It's real orange chicken and they put orange rinds in it. So yummy! MONGOLIAN BEEF super tender beef. HOUSE CHOW MEIN beef with shrimp and noodles. My husband and I have had a lot of different things from there and we're never disappointed. And they are always so nice to us when we go. The only negative thing I have to say is that the people posting negative reviews of this place obviously don't know good food. They should stick to Panda Express.
3	New to the area and wanted Chinese for dinner so...after yelp reviews decided on this place. We ordered dinner combos which came to a little over  $30 for 3. We should have only ordered 2. It was waaaay more food than we needed for 2 meals. And that is including one teenage boy! The food was ok. Not bad. Not great. I like fresh food and dont like processed fast food so this isnt exactly my type of place but good enough for the price. I would recommend if u have a group to feed. Just order less than you think cuz the portions are huge!
4	We have eaten take out many times from here and the food tastes pretty good. Orange chicken is good but not the best. The curry is really delish.
4	Love their Pad Thai interpretation, very flavorful and filling, their General Tso's Chicken is nicely breaded and just the right mix of sweet and hear, Orange Chicken is on the sweet side but many people will love that. I prefer their egg rolls over their spring rolls, but thats all a matter of taste, both are good.Had a minor delivery snafu one time, but they corrected that promptly. I'm a bit hesitant to try their online ordering again, but they are always courteous on the phone and the food is some of the best Chinese in the area.
5	This place has some great food and everything is prepaired when you order it. I like to give reviews after ive been there a few times and every time ive tried something different and have not been disapointed. Friendly people and fantastic food.You will need to take food home with you because there is more than enough in one serving.
4	This place is kind of like a Panda Express, just a little better. The cashier who took my order was very polite and informative which was nice. I ordered the Kung Pao Chicken dinner combo which come with rice, chow mein, a spring roll, wontons and soup. The soup they give you is egg drop soup so I asked to have hot and sour soup which is like an exrta .75 or maybe a dollar? No big deal there. Food came it was hot and tasted good. The soup though was very sour, I have never had super sour hot and sour soup before so it through me off a little. It's still good though, just not what I am use to. I think the prices are decent for the amount of food you're getting. It's definitely not top notch traditional Chinese food, so I wouldn't get overly excited. Just know what you're getting.In short, it's good food for what you're paying for. The service was quick and friendly. I gave them four stars because for a quick take out place the food was good, and the service was even better. I will be coming back when I went a quick Chinese food fix.
3	Fast food Chinese place at a reasonable price.I will start off with the cons:1.  The hot & sour soup was missing flavor.2.  The duck was rough and did not have the quality taste I was looking for.The pros:1.  Great deal!2.  Competitive with more selection compared to Panda Express.If you are looking for a bit more selection and competitive price, go here rather than Panda Express.  But that is just about it.  We may see you again, because my in-laws live near you and they do like you.
2	Mongorian beef is good. Flied lice isn't all that, could use some flavor.
1	Terrible service from the beginning since we could not sub tofu for meat on the lunch menu, lame! Then after taking the food home our daughter found a long hair in her soup right after she opened it...disaster!Never again.
5	Just moved to the area and this place delivers- had the pineapple chicken, sesame chicken, shrimp fried rice & wonton soup. All was delicious! Pineapple chicken had a hint of spice to it and was fantastic. Sesame chicken had a honey type sauce. Like I said all good!
5	I eat here at leat twice a week! You get whay you pay for and more. the customer service is amazing, always fast and friendly. The food is the best chinese food i have had so far. This place is so good it hs ruined me for all other chinese food places! The crab puffs and seasme chicken are the best things on the menu and the lunch specials are to die for! I recommend this to everyone I know and everyone out there!
3	I thought this place was way better and fresher tasting than Panda Express. I didn't know what to expect walking in but walking out I gotta say I was pretty satisfied. The lunch specials are decently priced especially for the amount of food they give you. Gotta recommend this place over any Panda Express any day.
4	The employees are kind and the portions are beyond generous (I took at least half of my orange chicken home), but the food itself was kind of mediocre. In summary, I wasn't impressed with the taste, but due to the kindness of the staff and their large portion sizes, I'll probably return to try a different item on the menu sometime.
4	Compared to the rest of the other Chinese restaurants around the area this is by far the best one I found. The prices are reasonable and a decent amount of food portion served.
5	Great prices and huge portions!  Love it! and they deliver
4	Best Chinese food on the west side. It's fast, healthy, freshly prepared, and flavorful. The last time I was there, they gave me a beautifully bound Chinese calendar. Great staff, good food!
5	Best Fried Rice in the West Valley. Best food actually. Everything is very, very good. Love et!
2	I am so disappointed in this place. We read all the reviews and were so excited to find a good Chinese food place near our new home. This was not it. We ordered the sesame chicken and the beef with broccoli since we had little kids with us and that seemed like a safe bet. The broccoli beef was completely awful. It was hardly recognizable as beef when you took a bite because the beef was "squishy". The sesame chicken was mediocre at best, it was so sweet that I could only eat a few bites. I figured this place was supposed to be a step up from Panda Express, but right now I sure wish I had chosen Panda! I am only giving it 2 stars because the counter staff seemed pleasant enough and the place was clean.
2	So we ate here 2 times and the food is good but we couldn't understand why we were weren't feeling well after eating. My husband was feeling dizzy so I called and asked if they cook with MSG. The man said yes they do use MSG in all their food.  Well we will not be going back. Just because something tastes good it surely isn't worth feeling terrible after. Don't eat here if you are not able to consume MSG. You will regret it after when your feeling sick.
4	The restaurant is very clean from the floors to the kitchen. Staff in clean red polos and friendly and fast. The quality of the food was outstanding. The Sinaloence had the Wor Wonton soup and she slurped it up happily. My Egg Foo Young was great. Kudos to China Red Cafe.
4	i must say they do have the best Chinese in the Avondale/Goodyear area, but not the best on the west side.  that honor goes to BIG HENG in PEORIA.  China Red is good but they are over price. (and that is the only reason they didn't get 5 stars.  We had 4 dishes and it cost $40+ (to go, no drinks).  (Big heng's has great prices, especially there lunch menu) My favor dishes at China Red are the chicken broccoli and pepper steak. plenty of meat in both  Give them a try I am sure you wont be let down.   Of course if you are one of those people that think panda express is Chinese food you may think differently.
5	I've been to many Chinese restaurants in my years, and by far this is the best Chinese food I've had in Arizona! I've been going here for the past 2 years and have tried just about their entire menu. Their portions are large, their flavor is incredible, and to top it off, they have military discount! My top recommendations would be their House Fried Rice, Walnut Shrimp, Salt and Spicy Chicken, and of course the Orange Chicken. The only thing that I want more from them is if I could have all of these at once! It's so tough to just have one.
4	Great fast food when your on the go! I did not have much time for lunch today. My co-workers suggested we buy from this place. I didn't know what to expect, but i placed a order. They came back with a big container of food, soup and a egg roll. Great food for a low price.
5	I've tried many chinese restaurants in the area and China Red is hands down, by far, the best. The food is prepared fresh and always has great taste. I weight lift everyday and I have a Michael Phelps appetite; for about 6 bucks they give you enough food too feed a small village. Great staff. Great prices. Amazing food. Enough said. Enjoy!!
4	This is my favorite Chinese place I've tried in the West Valley so far. Had a craving for chicken fried rice so I ordered online and went to pick it up 15 min later. It was greasy and delicious with large pieces of chicken and lots of egg. The only thing I don't like about the fried rice is the sprouts... just personal preference but I prefer not to have crunchy things in my rice. The other food I've had there in the past has been very good too, although the regular fried rice you can get as a side is a little disappointing... just plain with some egg. Would like some vegetables in there too. But still the best Chinese I've found on this side of town.
4	China Red Cafe is awesometastic! The food is amazingly delicious and the portion sizes are huge! Everything is also very affordable. If you purchase the combo, you get meat, fried rice AND noodles AND soup! If you want to eat in though, the seating area is pretty small. This is more of a grab and go place. Also, as a side note, I know they don't use MSG. I have an MSG sensitivity and I've eaten here 3 times with no negative side effects. Woot!
2	The food was so bland. I ordered the cashew tofu and the tofu was cold and the food was so flavorless. Normally cashew tofu has a ton of flavor and the tofu is fried. Here its just dumped from the box into the bowl. No heat and no flavor.
3	Tried something new here yesterday. Ordered the House Chicken entree (came with steamed rice) and plain chow mein. Picked it up on my way home from work. It was a ton of food and the bag was heavy! I liked the flavor of the House Chicken (just a little spice) but was disappointed that the breading was so soggy. I'm guessing it's because they put it in the to go container while it was still hot so the steam really affected the texture of the chicken. Too bad. I liked the chow mein but didn't much care for the steamed rice.
4	it is delicious there!!! Big portions and food is always fresh and clean place. Will definately recommend.
3	I am originally from NYC, where the Chinese food reigns supreme... and when I moved out here it was hard to find anything that was even remotely close to good.... While China Red is still not NYC amazing Chinese food, it definitely comes close. The portions are nice and big, the flavors are great, and the egg drop soup is fab! They offer lunch specials, which are hard to beat since the price is about $6 for 2 meals worth food :) PLUS, they deliver, which is hard to find out here in AZ!
