5	I got to experience the Strip House for the first time this past week while at the SEMA show in Las Vegas.  The restaurant was quaint and dimly lit and well suited for a rambunctious group.Limited seating and an ample wait staff made the evenings service flow quite well.  Groups gathered at large round tops while couples ca noodled in overstuffed booths along the walls.The food was impeccable and there wine list was complete while still showing some great hidden finds (try the Flora Springs Trilogy!).The front part of the restaurant housed a large bar, but we never had to wait, the new Planet Hollywood Casino (formerly The Aladdin) seemed to be somewhat quiet making for a good chance for seating here without a reservation.
5	Strip House is relatively new to LV in the Planet Hollywood, and was simply outstanding.  Decor is intimate, red and hollywood chic.  The new sommelier, Nancy Pietras, did an outstanding job selecting wine for our dinner.  Paul Hobbs Cab was an inspired choice and really made the meal.  Food was outstanding.  Fillet's were hot, perfectly cooked, wonderfully spiced and served with full head of roasted garlic.  Wow.  Can't go wrong with the goose fat fried potatoes and the 12 layer chocolate cake wrapped things up perfectly.  Definately better than Nine, significantly better than Craftsteak and neck and neck with Del Frisco's for the best steak dinner I've had in Las Vegas.
5	I had a wonderful meal with exceptional service at the Strip House.  It is expensive, but I feel was well worth the cost.  Low lighting and old (very risque!) photos adorned the burgundy walls.  My filet mignon was cooked and seasoned to perfection while my husband's lobster was everything you'd expect (bonus was they shelled the entire lobster for him).  We ordered the black truffle creamed spinach and goose fat potatoes for our sides.  Whew...very rich meal, but so delicious!Because we'd seen the 24 layer chocolate cake on TV (which is really 12 thin layers of cake amidst 12 layers of mousse and topped with ganache), we had to try it, but after such a decadent meal, it wasn't possible for us to eat anything more.  Our waiter packaged the cake for us to take back to our room and when we were ready for our midnight snack, we dug right into a delectable, creamy and moist dessert.  We couldn't finish the cake, but I loved it so much, I actually saved some for breakfast, lol (I know, ghetto!).  Very memorable dining experience :-)
5	Great wine list, great waiter, great food.Great atmosphere, can hardly wait to get back there.
5	Strip House was a great splurge for a girl's night out! They have an X-rated Martini that will knock your socks off! The NY strip was perfect with their Garlic-Herb fries and Black Truffle Creamed Spinach. Sorry to say there was no room for dessert, but I would imagine it would be fantastic!
4	Definitely a splurge, but a whole lotta fun.  Classy and tasty, of course I really enjoyed my meal.  It was all ala carte which I'm not such a fan of...I like when the chef pairs your entree with some unique and complimentary side dish.  and i don't really get the whole $75 steak with nothing on it and no sides...I think I was most impressed by my waitress- some stuffy guy kept bothering her while she was helping us because he was all "important" and big time or whatever, and he wanted to be seated.  She took no mind to his big timeyness and looked at him like "I'm helping these people right now so why the hell don't you get off your high horse and wait for your table like everyone else ahead of you in line."  Haha, great!
5	Strip House has a great location in the middle of the Strip in the trendy new Planet Hollywood hotel.  Strip House's original restaurant is in NYC and I hear it's one of the best steakhouses there.  So my bf and I went there before seeing a show and it was pretty tasty.  We have been to Strip Steak by Michael Mina at Mandalay Bay and I think this is better.We ordered a steak each and a two sides to share.  I ordered my usual FILET MIGNON med rare to med and in comparison to my boyfriend's bone-in NY strip it was just ok.  The filet had a good crust but I would have liked it to come a lil warmer or at least a warm plate but was still good.  The bone BONE-IN NY STRIP he had was EXCELLENT, great crust seasoned to perfection with a lil spicy (we always like anything with a some kick) but did not  overpower the flavor of the beef and not too fatty.  Now the sides were great additions to the meal, one of the better steakhouse we've been to with exceptional side dishes.  We ordered GOOSE FAT POTATOES (recommended by many reviewers of the NYC lcoation) which is a big ball of mashed potatoes fried with a super crispy crust.  It was good different potato side dish.  We also had their BLACK TRUFFLE CREAMED SPINACH which was richly flavored.  If you like creamed spinach then you'll love this version.  FInally, we tried their CHOCOLATE CAKE.  Definitely THE BEST chocolate cakes I've had and it's HUGE.  It is 24 layers of moist chocolate cake and rich ganache; and that's it.  No nuts nor  fruit or any other extras, just chocolate.  We did however make ours a la mode, DELICIOUS!It's a new restaurant in Vegas so try when you're in town and please save room for dessert.  Overall it was a 5 star meal!
2	I'm very conflicted in writing a two star review for the Strip House. On one hand, the service was maybe the best I have ever enjoyed. Jasel (sp?) and later Olivia were incredibly courteous and worked very hard at rectifying a bad situation. However, some things just can't be excused no matter how nicely the staff behaves.We went to Strip House for a bachelor party dinner and they were nice enough to set us up in a private room. The restaurant has a very cool vibe where it isn't stuffy like most steakhouses but is still very elegant. We arrived a little late and they were nice enough to save our private room for us despite our not showing up on time which was very appreciated. Jasel (sp?) was our waitress and she explained the menu perfectly and was very professional and cordial to us. Orders were taken at the right time and the team of other staff members made sure we never had to ask for water refills or anything.So... what was the problem? The food. I went to Strip House based on the recommendation of my Casino host who had been there 10 times and said it was incredible every time. My steak, a 10 once fillet was good but not great and instead of being cooked "rare plus" was cooked more "medium rare plus" but that kind of thing happens with so large of an order. What was NOT acceptable was a few people had steaks coming out well done or well done plus when they had ordered medium rare. The guy to my right had ordered medium rare and his steak had no red or pink whatsoever. It was cooked over well. Other issues included one steak which was completely dry when brought out and more completely improperly cooked steaks. All told, of the 11 steaks we ordered 6 were cooked correctly or at least close enough and 5 were nowhere close to right. We had reservations that night at LAX and were already running late so we didn't have an extra 45 minutes for them to cook new steaks and to eat them so we basically all shared everything we'd ordered and they brought out maybe one or two new steaks. It wasn't the ideal was to start the evening and it isn't cool to make your patrons pass pieces of steak all over the table so everyone is able to eat. Olivia, the bar manager, came to our table and apologized and was generous to bring us a complimentary bottle of Cristal which was VERY nice of her and highly appreciated. We knew that the mistakes took place somewhere in the kitchen and were not her fault nor our waitresses but both of them apologized and did their best to smooth over the situation. Now, none of the steaks were removed from the bill but the given the free bottle of Cristal I guess that isn't so large of an issue. Most likely, based on my last experience, I wouldn't return to Strip House but it is entirely possible that my experience was anomalous and your experience will be better.
5	With a name like Strip House you know you have to be into something decent! And not to forget its located in Planet Hollywood. Strip House was indeed that and more. This place was great, period!. Decor:Well it indeed has a nice swanky design, dark lit, and covered with pics of nude females. The photography is awesome and no I'm not saying that because there are naked females from floor to celling. LOL If you know a little about photography you'll know these are actually nice shots. So from an decore/artistic view the place is set up very nice. It has just as much eye candy as you'll need. I guarantee you'll spend a lot of time looking/scanning the walls.Food:Well first and foremost, I was shocked. Sure I knew it would be good but I had no idea it would be to this caliber. I tried several appetizers; used this spot as a jump pad before going to Prive (just across the way). The food was prepared great! Everything I had was delicious. And thats coming from someone who is a picky bastard. I had scallops, prawns, fondue with bread (yumm), and I had the Crab Cakes. Each item was huge! I was surprised to see scallops that big. Overall this is a must. Give it a try!
4	We recently came to the Strip House for Dinner while I was in Vegas and I enjoyed my experience. I sampled the Bib salad and the porter house. The salad was a bit over dressed for my liking but still very tasty. Fresh crumbles of blue cheese and bacon makes any salad delicious! My porter house was cook medium rare and was very good. There was a crispy crust of spices which added so much flavor to the steak. Service was impeccable and I would definitely come back.
4	Very nice ambience, and a nice bit of quiet in the sea of crap and noise at Planet Hollywood.  Very solid wine list with surprisingly not crazy markups (something Vegas is legendary for, sadly), we had a Ridge Geyserville and an Au Bon Climat Chardonnay, both very nice and not insanely expensive.As a vegetarian, the real merits of these places are lost on me, but the sides were very solid and the portions were generous.  The asparagus was nice, not too loaded with butter, and the whipped potatoes were very light, if not slightly bland.The real story here was that I tried steak for the first time in my entire life (a piece the size of a dime), really my first meat-eating experience in at least 20 years.  It was OK, I really don't know what all of the fuss is about haha I didn't run vomiting or anything.  Needless to say, happy to be a vegetarian, but now I can proudly say that at least I know what I'm missing :)
4	1920's naked pin up girls on the walls and steak?  i am so there!was in vegas for a conference, and night out to dinner featured this restaurant located in the planet hollywood.  service was fast and friendly...but the waitress just kept pushing stuff...'everyone else is getting an appetizer...do you want one too?'...oh, peer pressure always works.  i got the bibb lettuce salad...which sounds healthy, except it was covered in a good 2000 calories of bacon and dressing...which made it exceptionally tasty.my lobster pasta was awesome.  (now, i was going out on someone else's credit card and had twinges of guilt....otherwise, i totally would have gotten the amazing looking steak!)  the sides are not a waste of time...i would recommend the beans.  and the onion rings (if you want to feel like you just greased up your entire body).  desserts...mmmm...we should have started here...and when they tell you that the cheesecake it meant for sharing...yes...you could share it among the whole restaurant, as it was the size of my head.overall bill was way too much...but hey, i wasn't paying.3 days later, i am still attempting to digest everything i ate....
5	Our last trip to Vegas was to celebrate the BF's birthday, and his heterosexual life-mate's (A.K.A best friend) birthday.I decided I wanted to take them to dinner - someplace that the boys would dig, and someplace I could enjoy as well. Naturally, I turned to Yelp! What did i discover? Strip House!!How can you go wrong with: steak and walls covered with photos of half nekkid ladies???You really can't!Everything from the service to the meal was exceptional! The cuts of meat were wonderful, and the boys barely grunted a word during their carnivorous devouring (that's how you know it's good!).The wine list was really substantial - something for everyone! The waiter recommended a very good bottle of wine that I wouldn't have considered. Some of the dishes we grazed on: Rib Eye, New York Strip and the Filet Mignon. Sides we shared: Truffled Creamed Spinach, french fries and sauteed mushrooms. ALL DELICIOUS!!!!
5	Perfect night. Quick seating in a great booth even though I was just with my wife for her birthday. I presume my request of a good booth with my reservation helped. The decor of the restaurant was very fun while also being tasteful. The booth we sat in was very comfortable, and we also loved the wallpaper that happened to match their napkins.Service was quick and very professional and helpful. The only thing I would remove points for was being told they had a certain special (a bone-in rib-eye for two) only to be told they had run out when I chose to order that item. Wine selection was excellent, although a bit on the pricey side in terms of bottles. We didn't order appetizers, however, the chef sent us each a shot glass of a smoked potato soup garnished with herb infused oil which was a great free treat and tasted amazing. The steaks were perfectly cooked and I only wish all steaks would be cooked with the same crust these are. We had the bone-in rib-eye and bone-in New York, both perfectly cooked to medium-rare. The New York was surprisingly thick which allowed more of the aging flavor to come out, whereas the rib-eye featured the marbling of the meat.For sides, we also got the goose fried potatoes and black truffle spinach. I wouldn't get the potatoes again, they only tasted like a fancy tater-tot although the rosemary was a nice touch. The spinach, on the other hand, is far and away the best spinach I have ever tasted, and likely the best side I have ever had. We chose not to order dessert on account of having no room, but the chef was still nice enough to send us a plate of candied pecans with happy birthday written on the edge as an extra surprise for my wife.If you want steak in Vegas, there's no reason not to go here.
5	definitely one of my favorite steakhouses, next to mastros. the steak was cooked perfectly and the sides were delicious. the decor and ambience were perfect too.
4	Excellent steak - had the ribeye, which was cooked medium rare.  It had some pepper on it, which wasn't advertised but was tasty.  Also got to try some of the porterhouse.  Not too shabby at all.We shared the tuna tartare to start - which actually had a kick to it.  A very good iteration of this dish.  Also shared a garden salad, that came with a parmesan crisp.Sides were the asparagus, green beans and garlic fries.  The french fries were crispy and we ate them all.They even made mint tea for us with fresh mint, although it wasn't on the menu.  Great service throughout the meal.The steak was better than any I've had at a steakhouse in San Francisco, although not Peter Luger quality.  Highly recommended.
4	I came to Strip House as part of a 14 person bachelor party. They did a great job with us in the private room. I got the Caesar Salad, Filet Mignon, Mashed Potatoes and Haricot Verts. Everything was well prepared and impressive. I enjoy peppered steak so I asked for a pepper crust and really enjoyed the preparation they made. The mashed potatoes were served in its own copper pot which appeared to be the same vessel that cooked the item. Dessert was a spectacular chocolate cake shared throughout the table. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone as a first class steak house.
4	Never have I been so happy at being disappointed by the name of an establishment.As I put my dollar bills away and sat down for my meal, I knew I was in for a treat. I had spotted a waiter bringing some food to a nearby table and damn did it look delicious.Seriously...anything better than a steakhouse? (For you vegans it is like a great salad bar with meat instead of lettuce.)So for starters I tried their lobster bisque. This delectable mix of Maine lobster & red pepper ravioli was a match made in heaven. Wow! Absolutely perfect...or as close to perfect as you can get with this treat. I wanted a second bowl. Of course I am a glutton, so maybe that was just my chunky belly speaking.Moving on, I then tried some lump crab cakes that had potato salad, corn salsa & remoulade stuffed inside. I am a sucker for crab cakes and these hit the spot. Not since my visit to Baltimore was I so pleased with the crab cakes I had been given to inhale.Then the main event.The 20 oz. bone in (of course) New York Strip medium well. I ordered some sides of black truffle creamed spinach & sauteed wild mushrooms to compliment the massive steak.Holy cow...literally. This blessed piece of meat was made to perfection and I surely wiped that plate clean. The 2 aforementioned sides were also great. I went to loosen my belt, but had realized I had not worn one. So instead I just unbuckled my top button. Hey I need to make room for dessert.I enjoyed a slice of their layered chocolate cake and a cappuccino. Like a good smoke after a romp between the sheets, this sweet treat really ended a perfect night of dining out.Do I recommend this place? Well remember those dollar bills that I had tucked away earlier? They wound up in the front pants of the chef.
4	expensive but actually not TOO expensive for Vegas. Plus if your in Vegas your usually on vacation ssoooooo why not. Ok the steak and all the appetizers were amazing and different Butttt the desert!!! There were I think four of us and we all wanted a little something sweet. Being on the verge of Explosion we all agreed on a little piece of cheese cake for all of us to share. ...let me finish by just saying the cheesecake was the size of my head literally.
5	Again I was here for work and I was able to try out the Strip House in Planet Hollywood Resort and Casino ;D It's on the second floor of the casino next to Stomp! Out Loud. This is a bit nicer place to go to, so walking up without reservations isn't suggested, and if you make reservations be sure you have everyone with you before you get in because they won't seat you until you have everyone in your party. The decor in this place is pretty neat, ok, maybe it's just me but when I go to a steak house and I hear its called "the Strip House" I didn't think of strippers; until I saw the walls of this place, tastefully decorated with photographs of strippers from the 1920s - 1940s with leather seating, redwood everywhere, and deep reed painted walls makes this feel like a mans place to eat, all you need is a Vegas 5 Cigar with your steak. Another plus is the wine selection, a little higher priced than at any other steak house, well except for maybe Flemings Steakhouse in Northridge. And order the steak for two because it is the best piece of meat that you will ever have....EVER! And of course, Enjoy!
4	so my brother and two friends decides to have a nice meal before we go back home. our flight was at 8:25. we sat down to eat at 7:00. we basically finish our entire meal in 30 mins.  the food was delicious but was in too much of a rush to actually enjoy it.when your strap for time, its hard to notice anything about the place.  the staff was very accommodating knowing we were in a rush. they got our food out quick.  everyone in our table order what the waiter recommended, 15 oz bone in fillet.  no words can describe this magnificent piece of meat. for apps, we had scallops and caesar salad.  scallops were good but not the salad. i would recommend the tuna tar tar.  had a nice bottle of arrowhead wine to enjoy my meal with.overall, everything was good, one of the better steak houses in vegas.
5	Ahh it's like I can still smell the wonderful smell that only a good steak can give.**rewind back a few weeks**We enter the steakhouse and was warmly greeted by the hostess.  No fru fru, snotty feel to this place.  Instead, it's warm, red, and with nice pictures of past glamour.an aperitif came first that was sadly forgettable...then...the courses began.First:  Warm garlic bread with gorgonzola fondue.Good beginning, but if I could do it all again, I would order something lighter to prepare my stomach for the incoming assault (in a good way) of hearty red meat.  A very large appetizer that was shared by two but should have been shared by three or four.Then came the meat we were waiting for.  We had the center cut chateaubriand that was carved tableside.  Amazing stuff!  The crust on the steak not only had a nice texture, but was full of flavor.  The inside melted in my mouth.  It was juicy and cooked just right at medium rare and the thought of it is making me salivate.  We ordered a side of truffled creamed spinach which was the best creamed spinach I've ever had.  Once the spinach touched my tongue, my eyes closed in joy.Sadly we were too stuffed to order their 21 layer cake and I blame this on the delectable, but heavy appetizer we had ordered.  Next time layer cake, next time...you are mine!
4	Strip House serves very good food. I enjoyed the 22-oz. ribeye (cut me some slack, it's only 16 oz. without the bone), and my husband had the filet mignon. Both were excellent and didn't require any of the special sauces you can add (particularly the ribeye, which was appropriately marbled for flavor). Accompaniments like the truffled cream spinach and goose fat potatoes were as good as they sound. Bread served and replenished before the meal was hot and tasty, and the chef even threw in an amuse bouche (a pureed potato soup of some sort).So why not 5 stars? First off, service was slow. Diners who sat after we did were served before - not sure why. In Vegas where time stands still, this is less of an issue than it typically would be, but nevertheless, it was strange. And with a 10pm reservation, it seems unnecessary. Second, service seemed slightly amateur. Everyone was friendly, but there were little snafus a restaurant like this should never exhibit, like the wine being opened without a dinner napkin, and the amuse bouche being delivered twice. Third, as much as I wanted to love the atmosphere, something just seemed a little off. Maybe it's the Planet Hollywood resort itself, but it bordered on almost tacky - almost. For some reason, in the private room next to us, Oprah was airing on their TV - very weird. And even the choice of flooring...I don't know...it felt like a linoleum diner floor. Those things aside, this is a good spot, as my 4 stars imply, and many will love it (as evidenced by these reviews). Personally, I prefer Strip Steak and BOA for a Vegas joint with a hip vibe, and Craftsteak and Prime for fancier and more traditional.
4	Can I say WOW! If you are a big fan of steaks and has the wallet to put out for it. This is definitely the place to eat.  The bone-on rib-eye was my choice.  I wasn't really too hungry, but once I had one bite, I was amazed on how perfectly cooked/juicy this was. I just had to finish it. I had it with deep-fried onions and wild sauteed mushrooms. I think it was the right sides for the steak. Definitely a must if you are a steak fan.
4	It's like a classic steakhouse and an upscale strip club got together and had a baby....minus the naked people.  Well, that's not entirely true.  Look reallllly carefully at the design on your napkins.  :)I was here with a big group and we got one of the private rooms.  The servers were bend-over-backwards accommodating and the food was divine.  Really delicious steak and solid sides.  It's been a few months, but I seem to remember a soup amuse bouche that was phenomenal.  If you're in the mood for steak and want a fun experience to boot, I highly recommend StripSteak.
1	What happened to this place!?! I had the special (22 oz boneless ribeye) and the $16 chocolate cake... the steak was great, as I expected, but the cake was awful....  Allow me to elaborate: The cake tasted frost bitten and like it was cut with a rusted knife. And the night after was not good for me at all. I think that the lacking in food quality might have made me the way that I feel today.... Also the service was horrible! The first waiter was rude because I asked if I could have a separate check for the drinks and his reply was "no"... that was it. Also our female waitress acted like she was going to cry, as if she had some personal problems. She was not having any of the small talk from our table. I know that our average age was 25 but we're there looking for a great meal, so overall we paid $260 for 5 meals when it might as well been 5 dogs from the weinershniztle. Sadly I'll be going to Caesar's Palace for my steaks from now on. 1 year was great, today, strip house you shame me.This place can eat my poo.
2	I wasn't really impressed with Strip Steak. We started with the garlic bread with melted Gorgonzola cheese. It was pretty good, albeit not a whole lot of melted Gorgonzola cheese. Where's the cheese... apparently not on my plate. We also ordered the jumbo sea scallops with edamame succotash. This was a great dish. The sea scallops were seared to perfection and the succotash was an interesting base. We each got the 10oz filet. I ordered mine with the bordelaise sauce and she got her with the bernaise sauce. Here's the issue. She specifically asked for her steak to be cooked medium-well, no pink and butterflied. What she got was something more on the medium-rare side. My steak was good, cooked as I wanted it and tasty. I ordered the raspberry tea and she had the striphouse cosmo. Well I took one taste of the drink and couldn't take another. Have you ever tasted glucola or had a diabetes screen? Glucola is the sweetened liquid you drink for these tests and it is nasty....well in a word that describes my raspberry tea. I wanted to throw it up. For what we paid and what we got I wouldn't go back. I like the hip vibe, but for me it's all about the service and food...oh did you see me mention anything about service? No, well that's because the service sucked!!
1	The food here sucks.  The service is OK, drinks are fine but for the price, it's terrible.  Granted I can't stand Vegas to begin with but when you fork over $250 for a shitty steak, some canned veggies and a few cocktails, you know you've been duped.  Anyone that say this place has the best steak or any derivation thereof is insane, delusional or both.  The food here is barely edible, they have some nerve charging what they do.
4	OK so I don't eat red meat, BUT everyone in my party did, so I was fine with coming here to try.....and I was pleasantly surprised! the Decor was very cool, the service was very attentive but not annoying, and the food was great. Everyone loved there steaks BUT the highlight of the evening was the appetizer- the bacon salad thing- OK its NOT a salad- but its SO DELICIOUS! The best bacon I have EVER had- These GIANT slices of thick thick apple smoked bacon came out and they melted in my mouth- the flavor was amazing and i didn't want to order anything else it was that good! I did end up getting the salmon, which was great, but the bacon still lingered in my mind...in fact I'm tasting it right now....anyways if your a bacon lover you MUST have this!
5	We ate here last night and it was soooo good!!!!  Our server was really nice - we mentioned that we wanted to split the mixed greens salad and he split it and plated it for the both of us. (And I'm glad we split it, because it left more room for the entree!) I got the 10 oz filet and my fiance got the house strip. Both were cooked medium rare and to perfection. I loved the nice crust both had, and the simple flavors of kosher salt and peppercorn complimented the meat without overpowering it. The sides were phenomenal as well - we ordered the creamed corn with pancetta, creamed spinach, and potatoes Romanoff. We finished off the meal with some Baily's and coffee, and even the coffee was delicious! I also have to mention the hostess. She was very sweet and accomodating. My fiance asked for a good table (it's slightly cramped in some areas) and she gave us, in my opinion, the best table in the house.
2	UGH so disappointed!!!!  For the price of this place, I definitely expected wayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy more.  I liked the lounge, so that place I'll probably go to again.  But I will never ever have dinner here again (unless you comped it and everything was absolutely free).  I've never seen a place charge a per person fee for splitting a meal.  (Though when the meal came out, it was portioned out for each person so I guess that was OK.  But still).  It's kind of like a Ruth's Chris, but more stuffier and less comfortable.  I kinda felt like our server was wondering wtf we were doing there since we didn't look like everyone else.  Geez.Open up the menus and WOW.  Can you say sticker shock?  I was expecting pricey but cmon.  So with that being said, the food better match up to the cost of it.  My BF and I split the ribeye and ordered 2 sides to go with it, the onion straw things and creamed spinach with truffle oil.  Good, but the truffle oil definitely over powered the dish and it was all I could taste.  The onion straws were done just right, and provided a good contrast for the creamed spinach.  But my steak was cooked completely wrong.  I asked for medium rare.  Not well done on the exterior and raw on the interior.  That's why this place is uber dark.  So you can't look at the color of your steak and send it back for them cooking it wrong and trying to trick you into thinking your tastebuds are wrong.Ever since then I've been cooking my own ribeyes to make up for the horrible experience.  I'm going back to Ruth's Chris.
2	This place has to be the worst steak house in all of Las Vegas in terms of food quality.  The steak was tough with no marbling.  I ordered a salad and got these three massive strips of bacon with a couple of pieces of lettuce.  Some of the things sounded good but they just weren't.Our meal was comped and to steal a line from my boss "it aint worth free"...and truly it wasn't.In fairness, the vibe is good and the waiter was very nice.
3	I thought this place was OK. Cute little old school stripper gal kinda theme. The food was good but not great. Service was great though. I would come here again- problem is there are soooo many nice restaurants close by to choose from that I think this one gets lost in the mix.
3	A OK place. Went here for the GF's Bday. I like the decor, dim lit, red/black color scheme with vintage 30's nude pics. I had the filet. It was good. I wouldn't say great or outstanding, but good nevertheless. Our sides were potato puree, which was decent and creamed spinach, skip this. The GF ordered a bone-in ribeye. She likes her steak well-done and was disappointed to get her ribeye charred. She sent it back. A manager or supervisor did come over to check on us and inform her that it will be about 30mins. The GF didn't like her FYI tone and decide not to get the steak at all. Then the GM came over to smooth things over and comped us glasses of wine, birthday shots, and the 24 layer chocolate cake. Cake is huge and decent. Nice gesture by the GM. Being that I chose this place for the GF's Bday and she had a lousy experience, this place gets a mix review. Overall, I thought it was a decent place, but I may consider other steak houses first.
2	With a culinary and hospitality background, I've been told on more than once occasion that I'm overly critical of restaurants.  But when you're paying upwards of $75/head for dinner (app, entree, dessert, and drinks), I believe you have a right to be critical.My 2-star rating comes primarily because of the service.  In a recent conference at the NRA Show in Chicago, Steve Carley, CEO of El Pollo Loco, said about service, "Bad service can make good food taste bad."  Forgive me for stealing a quote, but that just about sums up my experience at Steak House.  It had come highly recommended, and given my background in steakhouses, and my LOVE for a good steak, I was REALLY looking forward to it.  We had a group of three on the 4th of July (and yes, I do understand that eating in a restaurant on a busy holiday isn't exactly the best time to dine, but the restaurant was not busy!), and our entrees were a filet mignon, bone-in veal, and ribeye.  I ordered my filet medium rare, and the same with the other two cuts.  The veal and ribeye come out perfect.  My filet?  Not even close.  Medium-well bordering well done.  But no biggie.  I hate sending food back, but in this case, the filet was so bone dry, I just could not eat it.  After waiting about 15 minutes for the server to come check on our table, I asked him if there was anything he could do.  I showed him the steak, and showed him it wasn't done the way I ordered it, and this is what got me: instead of simply offering to take it back and refire it, he pushed a steak sauce on me and insisted that the sauce would make it more to my liking.  Seriously?!  At this point, I just insisted that it be sent back and he woefully took my plate from me.  A couple minutes later, the dining room manager came to my table and asked me if I would consider a different cut of meat (which I expected).  I simply explained to her that it wasn't done to the temp I had asked, and that I still wanted the filet.  No argument, a simple apology, no harm, no foul.  She even brought out some more of the cheese fondue appetizer we had ordered to hold me over.  All was well for the time being.  But then the meal went on.  My filet came back as the others in my party were finishing their entrees, and it was done perfect.  But then our server suddenly disappeared...again.  I had to ask a busser for our check, and when it came, I noticed I was charged twice for the filet.  10 minutes later, after being yet again ignored, the server came back expecting the card in the bill, and I explained to him what had happened, and sure enough, he blames his manager for not taking care of it.  Really?  I wasn't even trying to put blame on anyone, just trying to take off a double charge on the bill.  At this point, I was just over the meal, and when I finally settled my bill (everything fully charged, no comp, no discount), the manager came back to my table, and totally acknowledged what had happened and apologized for everything that had gone wrong during our dinner.  She handled the situation very well, considering, and I have no problem spending for a meal whose food matches its service, but in all honesty, I was expecting my filet to be comp'd.  Given her acknowledgment of the dinner, she admitted they screwed up, but you CAN make it right.  Problems are an everyday occurrence in restaurants, and especially fine dining, but most of them are EASILY manageable.  An overdone filet is no exception. If you call yourself a steakhouse and charge more than Ruth's Chris, Fleming's, and Morton's, your service standards should be at least comparable.  Not only are these chains better, but their service is head over heels Strip House.  At least I don't get talked down to by the servers and pushed steak sauces when I eat there.That being said, their bone-in veal is TO DIE for.  It was cooked perfectly and is the only reason I would even consider going back there.  The veal alone is the only reason I gave Strip House 2 stars instead of 1.
4	I had a 23 person party for my bachelor party. Some of my table mates were drunk off their ass since they had to chug those yard-stick margaritas before being seated. I give Strip House at least 3-stars for not kicking us out due to my drunkard friends.Our server was excellent, so no complaints about the service. I had a ribeye steak which was thick and delicious (and also $50). It was a bit peppery which was fine for me, but I'm sure my fiancee would not like it. Everything is a la carte, so you may be sharing side dishes and such. There is also a $7 sharing fee for meals.
3	More like 2 1/2 Stars for me. I do love my steak, and I have to be honest, I've had better. Yes, the ambiance and decor are impressive as expected being in Vegas, but what matters most is the food. I ate with a large party (15+). I ordered the 10 oz. fillet (medium rare) as well as a recommended glass of their Riesling. The meat was prepared well and I did enjoy it, but for some reason I usually get an intense reaction whenever I have impeccable steaks during my first bite and I just didn't get that same reaction this time. What I can compliment is their service. The waiter consistently made sure that everyone in our party was being attended to. We even had a situation where a few people left the table to go outside and the busser assumed that they were finished with their plates. When my friends returned they told our server that they weren't finished, and what did they do? They cooked a full meal for each of them (whatever they ordered, of course) and boxed it up to-go! So, they basically got a whole new meal for free! I don't know of any other place that would do that. And although the service was extremely impressive, I still had to push for 3 stars because of the food. Sorry. =/
2	First off let me start by saying that I am huge fan of steak! I have eaten at a variety of steakhouses in Vegas that have not disappointed. We left to Vegas with extremely high expectations of having fun and also eating at this "highly" rated steakhouse. My wife and I ate here on our last night in Vegas expecting SOOO much. I ordered the bone in rib-eye and she had the fillet. We each had the same sides of goose fat potatoes and the spinach with bacon that was a special that evening. I have to say that neither of us were impressed with the steak. About the only thing I really liked was the spinach and even that was a bit over rated. The bone in rib-eye was good but nothing to slap yo mama for. The service was really good and very attentive. They were able to accommodate us although we called for reservations late due to an extreme hangover. The decor is great and the atmosphere is also fun, even on a Wednesday night. Definitely a fun and romantic setting all in one. I was not all that impressed with the food as you have already read and I would never go back to this place again. It wasn't horrible but there are plenty of other places in Vegas that have really pleased the palate. All of the above and 1 glass of wine came out to $172.48 minus the tip of course, not to bad. Recommendation: IF you go, share the sides, it's enough for two people.
4	WOW!!! So glad my husband wanted to eat here! Unfortunately neither of us actually got a steak, but what we did get was amazing! The hostess was very friendly, our waitress was very attentive and patient, and the entire wait staff was always around to help us out without standing over us. We were sat in a coveted corner booth, which was a really great surprise. We were greeted with a Watermelon juice and Mint  "shot" (I don't remember what the waiter called it) as a welcome from the chef, which was followed up by a selection of bread and the largest ramekin of butter ever! Paula Deen would be jealous lol. For our first course, my husband and I shared the most delicious crab cake of our lives! I was not feeling so great at this point (heat stroke?), so I took it slow, but I think it worked out in my favor lol. I got to taste all of the elements of the crab cake and really savor it, it was so good! The mustardy potatoes they paired with the crab cake were a bit intense by themselves, but paired with the crab cake they were really good. For our main course we both ordered the Crispy Skin Organic Chicken Breast. I know, why come to a steak place for chicken?! Well my husband was all set on a steak but changed his mind last minute, and as I said I was not feeling so good so chicken seemed like my best option when I ordered. So glad we ordered that dish! My husband ordered his chicken with crispy onions and I ordered the garlic fries. My fries were a little over done (it cost them a star), but my husband's crispy onions were amazing! Not greasy like onion rings - very light and delicious. And they served the chicken with a chicken au jus which made it that much better. Sadly we were too full to try the famous chocolate cake, but there's always a next time! Overall a really great experience! The best part was that there were no kids in sight! I know it's Vegas, but omg we saw kids EVERYWHERE! It was nice to have an adults only restaurant for once! We will definitely be back for the cake and some of the sides!
3	The real draw of this place has to be the decor.  It has dark lighting with bold red walls (pay attention to the design in the wall paper, same pattern used on the napkins) with burlesque style, black and white photos all over the walls.  Same goes for the bathrooms.  Very cool looking.However, great decor doesn't make up for an overpriced, mediocre steak.  For the price I paid, this steak just doesn't measure up.  Don't get me wrong, the steak was good, it's just that I've had much better steaks for less.I ordered a 14 oz filet mignon and when I was done, my response was "ehh."  It lacked any real flavor and wasn't as tender as one would expect.  This was pretty much the response from my entire party (8 people).All of the sides that we ordered (spinach, green beans, asparagus, & creamed corn) were excellent, specifically the creamed corn.  One member of my party commented that it was the best creamed corn he had ever had and we all agreed.The service was good, but it was very slow.  It took a long time to bring out drinks and then the food after they were ordered, otherwise, they didn't miss a beat.  I think the entire wait staff has obsessive compulsive disorder to some extent.  Every time one of us would leave the table (restroom or smoke break), any server that was passing by would immediately pick up the missing persons napkin and re-fold it into a triangle and place it on the table.  This may not seem strange, but the frequency of it was almost comical.  I even left the table a couple of times, just to test them and each time, I came back to a folded napkin.To sum it up, great decor, great sides, mediocre steak.  Will I be back?  Definitely NO.  For a few bucks less, I can go a bit farther down the LV Strip to Smith and Wollensky's and get the best damn steak ever made.  Nice try Strip House, but no dice.
3	I was here for dinner on a Monday night with co-workers because we were in town for a convention. The decor is kind of interesting....the whole restaurant is covered with black and white pics of strippers from the 50's. I was with a group of 6. We made reservations in advance and were sat immediately. Our waitress was very nice....but very s l o w. Our drinks took forever and she would randomly disappear so we didn't really see too much of her. I started with the Caesar Salad. It was your average caesar salad but it was topped with paprika croutons which gave it a little spice...I enjoyed that. I don't eat meat so I asked the waitress if they could make a vegetarian pasta for me which she said wasn't a problem. The pasta was surprisingly delicious! It was linguini tossed in a light lemon cream sauce topped with fresh asparagus, mushrooms, tomatoes and peas. It was very flavorful yet light and creamy. I loved it. We ordered a variety of sides for the table to share:Black Truffled Creamed Spinach- a little too creamy for me but still goodGarlic Herb French Fries- can't go wrong hereSauteed Wild Mushrooms- great!Sauteed Green Beans w/Garlic- excellentPotatoes Romanoff- dry, crumbly, and didn't taste very goodThe sides were good, but I felt for the price they could have tasted a lot better. Two of my co-wokers ordered steak which they said was decent, but came out lukewarm. For $50 a plate I think the steak should be served hot don't you??Anyways, I was just really disappointed in the service. Our waitress didn't pay much attention to us and everything took forever. For the prices you pay here, everything should have been perfect. Don't think I'll be back anytime soon.
4	Had dinner here on a last minute reservation because Stripsteak was booked. I only like to eat steak at somewhat nicer places. Not a snob but just am a little particular about steak. I was staying at Planet Hollywood so figured I would try it. Was a pretty good meal service was excellent food was great the menu was nicely laid out with a good selection of cuts of meat and accompaniments. no real complaints just thought for eating a good steak but maybe 3 times a year it hasn't made my top five, but really close.
3	Had Thanksgiving here but ordered from the standard menu. Service is excellent. Food was good. But it didn't wow me. Actually found the appetizers and side dishes to be better than my steak.Crab cake-excellentScallops-fresh and cooked just right.22oz. Ribeye-cooked medium-was rather chewy and a considerable amount of gristle. Not sure what i was expecting but i've made a few steaks at home that were much better....Duck fat potato-very good!mushrooms-pretty blahFriend had the 16oz ny steak. he was quite pleased.Pretty pricey dinner and it just didn't seem to blow my mind considering the cost. i did leave with a food coma-hence the three stars.
5	It's been a long time since I've actually finished a steak on my own, I usually have a friend who ends up finishing it up for me. Not tonight! I ordered the bone in New York Strip medium rare and it was perfect. IT was so flavorful, juicy and tender I almost couldn't believe it. I think I might have to change my last meal on earth to be the steak at the Strip House.... Well at least this time around.
5	My wife and I went to The Strip House for dinner on New Year's Eve. So my thoughts were that on a night as crazy as NYE and in a hotel that is about a minute away from being another Harrah's property, we are probably not going to have the best meal ever. Man was i wrong... 1st, the service was fantastic...happy wait staff who talked you up while they were working, were attentive at all times, and made accommodations on a very busy night. For example, I brought a really nice bottle of wine with me, and the waiter thought that maybe I would not be allowed to do that (I had called ahead, and they had a "buy bottle/waive corkage" policy). he confirmed with the manager, everything was cool, and he even shared a drink with us. 2nd, the food!! This is truly a steakhouse...you ask for your meat cooked a certain way, it gets cooked that way. Perfectly seasoned, great portions, and the sides are fantastic. Signature creamed spinach, Potatoes Roskoff...you are not leaving that place hungry, and if you have not eaten something that made you say NOTHING but only smile to yourself....than you should give this place a chance. 3rd, the drinks...we had to wait a couple minutes at the bar because we were early, so we grabbed a drink. This place had a couple of really sharp guys behind the bar; knowledgeable, friendly, no one waited for drinks and they realized that if you are paying $12 for a drink, you should be getting $12 worth of liquor. Finally, the atmosphere. I have only been to a couple of places where the decor and atmosphere is...in my opinion...perfect. Strip House is such a place. It is loud enough to make you feel like you picked the right place, but not so deafening you can't hear your companions. Dark velvet wallpaper covered with pictures of '30's burlesque strippers lit from behind. High-back booths you can sink into and watch people go by. If none of that is motivation to go, here are five final words that may do it: Twenty-One Layer Chocolate Cake. Happy new year!!
4	Sexy Restaurant!!!!  I felt like I was dining in Old Hollywood....and most importantly Delicious food.  The bartender KNOWS how to make a great martini.  I still think about the amazing dinner I had.  For starters....The martini!!!  DELICIOUS!  Okay...lets down to the nitty gritty....The New England Sea Scallops Edamame Succotash and Black Truffle Butter!!!!  OMG!!!! I love good delicious and amazing food!!!  My friend ordered the pan seared Atlantic Salmon.....she was totally blown away.  and for my entree, I ordered the 10oz Filet Mignon medium rare...it was perfect!!!  I tell you PERFECT!!!!   Along with my Filet I had Black Truffle Creamed Spinach and Whipped Potato Puree (super duper whipped airy mashed potatoes).  I tell you the food here is impeccable and the service is definitely top notch.  I still get happy when I think of this experience and it was unforgettable.  When in Vegas...check out this restaurant.  You will NOT be disappointed.
5	I would come back here any day.The food is delicious. The service was awesome. We accidentally came 15 mins before close and they still served us with awesome food.We mostly ate the chef's special for the night:- tuna salad- surf and turf- seared salmonEverything was beyond perfect. I was so glad I wore a dress so I didn't have to unbutton my pants. Their filet is amazing. Try it!
1	First, I'm upset that I even had to give them one star. Myself, my husband and 5 other friends of ours went to Strip House for my birthday dinner this past weekend while staying at Planet Hollywood.  The hotel was awesome, loved it!  Strip house on the other hand?  Absolute disappointment!  Our reservation was made for 10pm for 7 people.  We arrived at 10 but had a few stragglers so had to wait to be seated until all members were present (which is already annoying especially since they took my credit card number to make the reservation).  We were seated probably around 10:15pm; ordered as soon as our completely incompetent server decided to oblige us with his presence and proceeded to wait another HOUR AND A HALF for our food while several tables who came in well after us enjoyed their meals.  After the hour and a half passed and our plans for the night were slowly but surely being single-handedly sabotaged by this restaurant  I got up and asked to speak with the restaurant manager.  I informed her that we were sat over an hour ago (closer to two at this point), that we still didn't have our food and that several tables who sat after us were already eating.  Her response was unimpressive, at best.  She offered no real apology instead just said she'd go check on our food.After a few minutes our degenerate server came out with our food and this awesomely inconsiderate and rude comment; "I'm sorry you FELT like it took so long".  No, I'm sorry, but 2 hours is a long time in anyone's world to be waiting for food you're paying $400 for.  As far as the food; I can't honestly say it was worth the money I spent on it or the amount of my life I wasted waiting for it.  I will absolutely never go back to Strip House.  I wouldn't go back if they paid me.  The service and the food were unacceptable for the price you're paying for it; I've had better experiences at Denny's. I recommend KOI (right next to Strip House) service and food were far beyond expectation!
4	My first night in Las Vegas last week started at the Strip House Steak House. Mark helped us at the bar and was great, my dirty martini was excellent. We had a party of 22, so we had a pre-fixe dinner.I started with the caprese salad with buffalo mozzarella and then moved to the iceberg lettuce salad with crumbled bacon. Both were equally good. The 10 oz. filet mignon was good, not outstanding, but it was fairly good. I certainly didn't need all 10 ounces. However, the mashed potatoes were outstanding.We ended the night with the Strip House chocolate cake with 24 layers of chocolate. This huge piece of cake was a bit difficult to split with coworkers - it would have been easier to split with friends. However, it was delicious and paired nicely with the red wine I was finishing.
4	My husband and I dined here Sunday evening. Strip House has a sexy classic steakhouse feel. We were seated in the corner booth with our backs to the bar. The restaurant had seven parties dining and we were all crammed toward the front of the restaurant - I never understand why that is. Service was terribly slow to start. It had us concerned, but thankfully once the large group beside us was served it improved. Our waiter was attentive the rest of the meal.We snacked on bread while we looked over the menu. After making our selections, we were brought an amuse bouche of potato soup. It was smooth as silk, but it had the starchy potato taste. It puzzled my palette... in a good way.We had a crab cake to start. It was nicely presented, with lots of crab - it'd better at $17. It was pretty good, but I prefer them spicy. My husband had the rack of lamb and I had the filet, we shared a side of their Romanoff potatoes. The steak and lamb were both very good, juicy and tender with a nice crust. The chops were the second best we've had. Aureole remains at the top. Frank enjoyed the potatoes, but they were too sour for my liking.We skipped dessert. We were pleasantly full. The check came to $125 before tip. It was a fine meal, but spendy. Still, I'm glad we gave it a try.Photos were added.
4	I'm going to be on TV. Don't hate.  It's only fair that one day I get my own damn sitcom.  You know you'll watch it too.  You ain't gotta lie to kick it.Soooo.....We took the bachelor out for a good steak dinner. What guy doesn't like a great steak? A Birkenstock wheat grass eating fool that's who. Luckily, the man of the hour isn't one.  And neither am I.When we walked in we saw a film crew concentrating on a table. We sat down and the wedding party behind us told us it was for the Kendra Show on E! (the exclamation mark does not denote excitement). If you're a fan of the Kendra show on E!, you might see my big old noggin' in an episode. I won't watch it, because honestly, I don't like her. She's too Barbie-ish and annoying. Holly Madison was in the room as well, and anyone that dated Criss Angel sucks at life anways. There is only one woman that can pull the Barbie look and that woman is Pamela Anderson. But I still prefer Kirstie Alley, so I'll be watching her show instead.  Besides, I'm sure the producers will edit out my B-Boy routine I did just for them.  That's the last time I pop and lock for the cheering crowd.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/AT_xDv2Lm5K7VtER1fp-SA?select=FSBVi6TEcwKXhbEN8H_V6w (notice the sad face emoticons. my microsoft paint skills are off da hook!! nah mean?!  geeyuuuuuhh!) So like the bunch of turd burglars we are, we all ordered the same cut of meat. The always popular filet mignon. I prefer a ribeye, but for some reason or another, I choked under the pressure of the lights and cameras (because they turned their attention to me of course). I didn't know if I wanted to flex for the camera or throw my shoe at it. So I ordered a filet. We all took turns choosing accompanying sides because we're lame. The steak is as good as you'd expect at a place like this. The only sides that stood out to me were the green beans and sauteed mushrooms. That other fancy shit failed. The crispy goosefat potatoes that I chose were not a hit at the table. That's what I get for picking something with a fancy name. So if ya catch me on your LCD holla if ya see me. Ya dig.
2	My experience started off great here. The waiter gave us a sample of some potato soup, that was amazing! We got the Porterhouse to share cooked medium, it was almost raw and I had to send some of mine back to cook longer. I didn't care for the rub they used. We got the chocolate cake because of all the hype. It was not good, they must store it with the steaks because the rub taste from the steaks seeped into the cake. Yuck. The service was really good and so were the cocktails but the food was not good, I had better steak at the steakhouse at the Flamingo!!
4	food was excellent, great atmosphere, so-so service - not terrible - you just should get more from that type of place
2	We went exclusively for dessert - specifically the 24 layer chocolate cake that they're known for here... Since we sat at a table in the bar (where we got quick and friendly service, by the bartender - as we were the only ones in the bar on a Tuesday night), can't speak to the restaurant or the rest of the food, although we've heard good things about both - but then again we heard the same thing about the chocolate cake, now about that cake... The cake looked great and was HUGE! Five stars for presentation - but after all four in our party dug in and actually tasted it, we all let out a collective sigh of disappointment. The icing was rich and fudgey, but the cake itself, (all 24 pencil thin layers) was dry and surprisingly bland, not very chocolatety. For a cake we've seen talked about as a must eat desert while in Vegas this desert was extremely disappointing - WAY below our expectations. The cake, a few coffees and a tea the bill came to a whopping 40 bucks plus (the cake slice itself is $14). WAY OVERPRICED and everyone in the party agreed (and we know good chocolate folks, we've been to Europe). Honestly, we had better chocolate cake in a buffet (Le Village Buffet at Paris) during the same trip.
5	LOVED IT.22oz ribeye was amazing, creamed corned with pancetta was to DIE FOR, and the staff was very very very nice!!! I was a very happy person leaving this restaurant, I am definitely coming back! the red velvet walls are pretttttttyyyyyyy sweet too. i didn't have room for dessert, that is what i regret, but hey, i FINISHED my steak!
1	The server messed up our order,steak was overcooked,sat a very large party right next to us even though the dining room was 2/3 empty.After finishing dinner the party was still arriving and literally surrounding our table we decided to take the rest of our wine to the bar(the whole time no sign of our server).Told the hostess we were stepping out for a smoke,came in 5 min later and two full glasses of wine r gone.Ask to talk to the manager, she sneakily shows up with 2 glasses saying they were just moved into the back.Clearly not the same glasses,no lipstick,and not the same wine(more like there house pour).Finally came out with a 1/2 bottle, 2 years greener,still no apology.Server finally shows with check,even charged 4 the espresso, YUCK
5	Happened to stumble upon this place because we wanted to eat and not be rushed before seeing Peepshow.  The decor was really cute (old photos of 30's-40's pinup girls) and the waiter offered to let us taste most of the wines offered by the bottle, just so we could choose easier.  For dinner we ordered filets and potatoes romanoff, the mushrooms, and a daily special of baked bacon creamed spinach.  Now, we had pretty high standards, as we have eaten at steakhouses in the wynn, endore, casars, etc.  and let me tell you this place blew them all away!  Every bite was heaven!  we were way too full for dessert, but it was worth it!  We now have a new favorite steak house in town!
5	A slightly different vibe than New York's Strip House, but still fantastic. Our food was delicious, service was impeccable, and the ambiance is very relaxing when you want to get away from the craziness of the casino.
4	Initially what attracted me to this restaurant was the decor.  The old style  Hollywood photos, the deep red walls and booths.  I love era themed restaurants but the real star of this show was the food!!! The Kick off: Warm garlic bread with Gorgonzola fondue!! Incredible! Soft perfectly cut rectangles, strategically placed in on top of a layer of fondue!!!! It melts my heart just to think about it!  Then there's the fillet, cooked precisely the way I ordered.  Oh AND the sauteed spinach with bacon and truffle oil!! To die for!!!! My only complaint was the Caesar salad.  It wasn't just plain, it was sad and neglected! Very disappointing, especially for $14 a plate.Still great meal, great atmosphere, great service!
5	Loved the warm garlic bread with Gorgonzola fondue, yummy! Their porterhouse with baked/mashed potatoes was the bomb!Although it is pricey the food is excellent.
3	For the price, I was expecting a little more.  I had the rib-eye steak.  It was okay...   maybe for the price.. .I was expecting it to be amazing, but it wasn't.  Mine was almost cooked right.  i asked for it medium rare, and it came a little more medium then I wanted.  Though... a lot of people in my party got their steaks over cooked.  Most of there's turned out medium instead of being medium rare.   The highlights for me were the sides.  the sides were more tasty then the rib eye steak.  They have private rooms that you can reserve.  We happened to reserve one for our group.  You can still see out of the room through the glass windows.  Service felt a little slow, I felt like the waiters forgot about us since we were in the private room.
5	We had the New York Steak, it was PERFECTLY made, and the Filet Mignon which was also done perfectly. Our sides were asparagus and the scalloped potatoes. I also had a few glasses of cab. The decor was so pretty. I love anything with reds in it and it had bountiful topless women pictures  everywhere. And even the guests sitting next to us were extremely nice. Wow, it was delicious. My steak melted in my mouth. I am definitely going again.
5	Amazing - the service, the food, and the atmosphere. I had a medium rare 21oz Bone in Rib eye which was cooked to perfection. The service was excellent as the staff was very prompt and friendly. The 24 layer chocolate cake they're famous for is also worth trying. All in all, a bit on the pricey side, but it's worth it.
5	We were a little apprehensive going to this restaurant but it was where our show for the night was. This was one of the best restaurant experiences we have had in months. We got their right when it opened so we could make the show on time.  We started off with some garlic bread with a gorgonzola fondue sauce that sent my taste buds into another dimension.  My wife had the lamb chops and I had the surf and turf. Finally a restaurant that doesn't bring the lobster out in or on the shell. Both entrees were amazing and that is truly an understatement. Kept the gorgonzola fondue as a dipping sauce for the filet as opposed to bleu cheese and it was a great accompaniment. The gourmet macaroni and cheese was also unbelievable. If you haven't been there go!!!!!  Service was outstanding but I forgot his name. Top five restaurants in Vegas.
5	We only came in for the Gorgonzola fondue with garlic bread, and we were so pleased.Not only was the cheese amazing, but so was the bread. I literally don't think I'll ever go to Vegas again without hitting this spot. The only thing I'd do differently is to order two!
5	This place had one of the best steaks I have ever had. We got to dinner late, since it is vegas but they were still open! Thank goodness because this place was phenomenal! I ordered the New York Strip and a side of Mashed Potatoes along with a home made Mac and Cheese. Medium rare of course, and when my Steak came out it was perfect! Juicy, with a slight pink center. The crust that was on that steak was delicious, and the sides were cooked perfectly. The mashed potatoes were silky and the mac and cheese was rich and you could taste truffle oil! I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone without  a budget because the pricing is a little steep but worth every penny in my opinion. Ill be back for sure. Cheers!
4	YUM! The hubs took me here on Friday night. LOCATION: Mezzanine of Planet Hollywood, next to Koi.DECOR: Very cool, vintage-inspired, lots of creepy/cool boudoir-type photos.SEATING: Wtf - no booths? Seriously, all they have are those half-table, half-booth deals where one person gets shafted because they have to sit in a chair while you relax in a booth.SERVICE: Pretty great. Water was refilled frequently, food came out in reasonable increments, etc. Now what you really want to know...BREAD: Pretzel bread, sesame roll and regular roll type deal. Pretzel bread was the best. Whipped butter was good too. SHOTS: They gave us these shots of potato soup with an herbal garnish. Yum. I could've had 5 more of those. Would've ordered a bowl if it was on the  menu.STEAKS: Two Filet Mignons. I ordered mine medium, but it looked more like medium well. Still it was soft and flavorful, so no real complaints. BUT! - if you don't love black pepper, tell them to go easy on it. I love it so it was fine, but the steak really had a bite to it.SIDES: Mac and cheese and garlic fries. For $10-$12 each I was expecting bigger portions and fancier presentation. The fries were just OK, kind of reminded me of Nathan's for some reason. Mac n cheese was good, very thick and creamy. DESSERT: Skipped it. DRINKS: Had a Cosmopolitan which was OK but nothing to write home about.THE VERDICT: Great place to take a date, and yummy food. Quite pricey at $40+ per steak and $10+ per side. For that price the food basically meets expectations but doesn't quite exceed them.
5	this place was absolutely amazing!!!my friend and i were just going to grab a quick late-night bite to eat at koi, but it looked like they were turning into a club for the night, so we decided to go to strip house, which is right next to koi.  we had no idea what this place was and had no expectations, but we were beyond amazed at how delicious EVERYTHING was.the lobster bisque was TO DIE FOR, the scallop appetizer was so delicious that it still makes my mouth water when i think about it (two weeks later), and the lobster linguine was, well, GREAT!!  my friend at i still talk about how awesome the food was to this day.  don't let the non-crowdedness of this place lead you to believe that this is not a great place to eat.  it's a hidden gem!!  a bit pricey...paid $100 including tip + two drinks and only one main entree...but it was completely WORTH EVERY PENNY!!!!
3	Thought they threw down a good Filet (but not incredible). However, the seafood platter was ridiculous (oysters, crab legs, lobster, etc...). It's worth coming for the seafood platter - that's about it.
1	I dined at Strip House with a small group of friends on Saturday, December 18, 2010 hoping for a delicious steak dinner. No one in our group was impressed by our experience. I ordered the Porterhouse for two to share. It was cooked beautifully but lacked flavor and was therefore overpriced. My friend and I eat fine dining, particularly upscale steakhouses, quite often so we have some idea what steak should taste like. The lobster bisque was good but nothing to write home about. Our mashed potatoes and mac n cheese were unfairly small portions for our table and the mac n cheese was overwhelming with the truffle flavor. We were all disturbed by the harsh flavor. The mashed potatoes were bland. Sarah's salmon was cooked appropriately but the pesto fluff drowned out any real flavor. Even the bread was subpar. I would expect better from a restaurant in this price range. It was by far the most disappointed steakhouse experience the four of us had ever experience both individually and cumulatively and then to pay $400 was the ultimate slap in the face. I have no idea how this restaurant was rated so highly by other diners or culinary spectators because I think it was the biggest bogus culinery hipe of my life! Overpriced and not impressive! I would not recommend this restaurant to ANYONE! It actually put a damper on all of our moods the remainder of the night after having spent so much money and no dining satisfaction. The thought of that place now puts a bad taste in our mouths and turns our stomachs. And that is not even an exaggeration.
5	Everything was great, we had apps, steaks, salmon (my wife says it was the best she's ever had), sides, even the garlic french fries were amazing. My favorite was the crab topping (on the steak) with the bleu cheese sauce. Can't wait to go back.We did spend $400 though... without dessert.
4	One of the best steak houses i've ever been to. The service is great and atmosphere of this place is fantastic. It's located inside Planet Hollywood right next to KOI bar and lounge. I tried the $50 20 oz New York steak and it was delicious i could suck the meat out of it.
2	This restaurant does not compare in any way to the other wonderful steakhouses in Las Vegas. My advice, go to Stripsteak at Mandalay Bay for a truly wonderful steak. The service left a lot to be desired for a restaurant with so many awards. The restaurant was practically empty. While the pace of the meal was fine, our server had an heir of arrogance that was unnerving. He was not friendly and rather inattentive. Very disappointing. After reading so many raving reviews, we started with the Gorgonzola fondue. I love love love garlic and have always thought you cannot put too much garlic on anything for my taste. However, there was so much garlic in the fondue, it was barely edible. I would have preferred to enjoy the Gorgonzola taste since it was Gorgonzola fondue. The garlic bread that is served with it was very tasty but drenched in butter. Again, who doesn't like butter on garlic bread? Certainly not I! But this was way too much...it made the bread soggy and greasy. The breads that we were served were very good. One was like a pretzel stick. For our entree, my husband and I had the filet. It was perfectly cooked, but not up to the quality that we expected based on the awards Strip House has received. We shared the creamed corn as a side dish. It was rather flavorless. Too much cream and not enough corn. They should rename it "heavy creamy with bits of corn". Again, a huge disappointment. A table nearby by ordered the daily assortment of homemade sorbets and ice cream for dessert. If I hadn't seen the table nearby order it, we would have skipped it. I am glad we didn't. It was the best part of the meal. We had raspberry sorbet and chocolate ice cream. It was served in a large toile cookie bowl that had tons of fresh blackberries, raspberries, strawberries and blueberries. They were very generous with the fruit. This made for a light, refreshing dessert. In summary, go to Stripsteak. We will not be visiting Strip House again.
1	Steak was overcooked, appetizer's never came out, and they screwed up my drink.Have eaten at other Strip House's and this one was by far and away the worst one of the bunch.Side note...We think that our waiter may have been high on something, but he didn't offer to share...
3	I like the atmosphere of this place but for the price the steak did not taste as good. I ordered a medium well steak and it was overcooked to well done and the garlic mash potatoes were too garlicy. The meat was a bit dry and was not seasoned well, I definitely did not enjoy it as much as some of the best steak house i been too. Service was good however and the host was very attentive.
4	Food was great!But went here the night after we went to N9ne Steakhouse and sadly it just didn't match up all the way (hence the 4/5 stars).Would definitely eat here again though. Fabulous steak, crab cakes, and shrimp.Decor is also lovely, red and dim with pictures of half naked women from the 40's and 50's everywhere. Oh and got a sample of the potato soup (compliments of the chef) and it was also yummy. Complimentary samples, always a plus.
4	Ate here this past weekend for mine and my best friend's birthday.  We ended up here for a couple reasons.  First, it was pretty much the only restaurant with good yelp reviews that was able to take a late reservation for 8 people at dinner time.  Second, we were staying at PH towers and Strip house is in PH.  It wasn't super busy, but I have to say that I was pleasantly surprised by the food.  The steaks were REALLY good.  I ordered Lobster Linguine, which was good, but I should've just gone for a steak since this is a steak house.  Almost everyone else got steaks and everyone was very happy with their meals.  We also shared 4 sides - mac n cheese, potato romanoff, creamed corn, and fries.  They were all decent although not mind blowing. With everyone getting an entree, 4 sides and 2 bottles of wine, our bill came out to $80/person.  It was expensive, but I can definitely say that we were all happy with the experience and would come back here again.And I repeat....GET THE STEAK!
3	Pricey and the food was Ok. Nothing to brag about. Went on a double date here and I like the fact that it is isolated from the casino area of Planet Hollywood. I also liked how the chefs brought out a dish they made to us. Made for a more personal feel. I also liked the dimly lit area which gave more intimacy to the dinner. It was definitely a positive. My cousin's portion though bothered me. For being a pretty hefty price for a surf and turf, it was pretty dinky and small. Nothing really stood out for me meal-wise. It was more the decor and more personable staff.
5	I like this place a lot, it has an older throwback feel to it with its lighting and decor. The place was dimly lit and even though it was packed I still felt like you could have a good conversation.I had filet and it was delicious, we got the group shrimp cocktail and that was good too. People say shrimp cocktail is shrimp cocktail, tell me that after eating it all over the midwest.
4	I had dinner at 3 high end steakhouses on the strip, and I felt the food was the best at this one. Went on a weeknight and the place was pretty empty. Ordered a 12 oz. filet, which was excellent and came out just how I wanted it. Interesting bread basket included a great pretzel roll.  Was given a complimentary sample of a delicious potato soup, I would have ordered a bowl if it were offered. Creme brulee for dessert was excellent. I was given a complimentary little nut-type dessert with my coffee also. My server was a little inattentive in the beginning. I sat for 5 minutes with my mind made up before he came and took my order, but it got better from there.Also noted that the dinner menu was slightly different from what is on their website.
4	What a sexy place. My companion and I were staying at PH and figured we'd grab some dinner before seeing Peepshow. We were there right after New Years and Vegas generally was a ghost town. Our server was this cute girl from Utah who pretty much made the experience. I want to say her name was Mallory. Super sweet, super attentive.The chef sent out an amuse bouche which I always love. It was a soup of some kind in a shot glass. We started off with a tuna tartare app and I ordered raw oysters. If I had one complaint, it was that the oysters were tiny. Personally, if I couldn't serve amazing oysters in terms of size and quality, I'd take them off the menu. The tartare was great.We both ordered steak. My companion having the filet and I had the surf n turf. The lobster portion was small but oh so delicious. The steaks were cooked to perfection. Some how we were tricked into ordering dessert which was this gigantic chocolate cake for two. Very good - we had to take it back to the room. It made for wonderful drunk eating at 3am later that night.Strip House offers sexy atmosphere, good service, and excellent food for the right price. When the check arrived I was pleasantly surprised.
5	We just came from dinner at Strip House tonight and were extremely impressed.  We arrived and got seated in one of their cool booths.  The decor in the restaurant is truly Las Vegas with b/w photos of pinups and go-go dancers.  The furnishings were dark woods and RED walls and seats...very sensuous and sexy.For starters, we had their lobster bisque and garlic toast with cheese fondue.  Both dishes were sooooo good.  The bisque was very rich and full of lobster flavor..one of the best lobster bisque that I have ever had.  The garlic toast with cheese fondue not too cheesy was ....ditto good.For our meals, we had the bone in rib eye steak, lobster linguine, goose fat potatos and bacon, truffled creamed spinach.  All these items were soooo tasty......the steak was cooked perfectly.....the lobster linguine was excellent (full of lobster flavor) and the sides of goose fat potatos (like diced hash browns) and bacon truffled creamed spinach were perfect sides...filling and with unique flavors.For desert we had their famous 24 layer chocolate cake w/vanilla ice cream.....one of best deserts we have ever had.......sooooo sweet and super tasty.Overall...one of the best steakhouses I have ever been to.  From the sexy ambience, to the lobster bisque, steak and chocolate cake...all was just sooo yummy.The service was also outstanding!!No sex tonight..........I was so satisfied, I came in my pants!
3	There is absolutely nothing more annoying than an incompetent hostess to start off your dining experience. We arrived at Strip House right on time for our 6:30pm reservation. The hostess seemed somewhat confused, and not very friendly as we walked up. She said she couldn't find our reservation in her computer, so I showed her the email confirmation from my phone. After a few minutes she finally says, "Oh the online reservation system must have put the wrong date. It does that sometimes."  Yeah right?! We are convinced that the mistake was simply hers and she was looking on the wrong date. Anyway, we got seated quickly after that, hoping that things would get better for the rest of our time at Strip House. The dining room is very cool. Dark woods and red, very red, with black and white photos of old time dancers and entertainers. It was a full house the night we went, but it still felt very intimate, still being able to hear our own conversation without screaming at each other.  The service at our table was excellent. Our server was very serious. He maybe cracked a half a smile the entire time we were there. But he was competent, attentive and good at his job. He knew we had tickets to an 8pm show so he made sure our service was prompt.  The food definitely made up for the mess at the hostess desk. We ordered the bone-in rib eye and the bone-in NY. Both were delicious. One was cooked perfectly (medium well) and the other was slightly less medium well, but still really good. Overall, we would definitely have dinner here again! Hopefully, their front of house staff will be better trained.
5	This place is amazing! My wife and I go here every time we're in Vegas. You can't find a better steak or fine dining experience. The plating is gorgeous, and the flavor is spot on every time. If you're going to Vegas, make this a must eat destination!
3	5 stars for the service.  Our waiter was friendly and we constantly had our drinks replenished, etc.  As we should!  Considering we are at a $$$$ restaurant, I expect nothing less than extraordinary service.  I've never eaten so late at a fancy steakhouse, although we are in the city that never sleeps, so I don't know why that should surprise me.  So note, if you want to eat at a nice establishment after a show gets out or something, and it's like 10PM, consider making reservations here.  I think this would be a great place for special occasions as well, romantic evening for two who enjoy steak, inquire within.I will forewarn you, I'm not a big beef or steak eater, in fact, I think the last steak I ate was in 2005.  My critique is on their salmon dish.  It was cooked to perfection, that is, it wasn't dry, it was perfectly moist and fell off with each fork swipe as it should.  The flavor however, was not so memorable for me.  I thought it was bland, really, and with the creamed sauce whatever it was, I still couldn't really make out where they were going with this.  So pardon me, for ordering the fish entree at a steakhouse, but even so, I thought for the amount of $ I was going to fork over, my stomach should be happy.  We tried a variety of their sides because we had a large group and could do family style.  I thought the majority of the menu was all potatoed, creamed, or did I mention potatoed?  I suppose this is typical of steakhouse sides.. but I wasn't utterly blown away by the flavor either.  I think my favorite item was the creamed spinach, though my friend argued it was overly garlicky.  But that was the only thing that actually tickled my tastebuds. We were there for a special occasion, so our group ordered their famous 24-layer chocolate cake and I will just say they don't lie about the 24 layers.  This thing could stand in a room on its own.  I noticed on their website they say you can order this and have it shipped out to you for $100.   I wouldn't say it was THAT good that I would need to eat it again.. but it was interesting.  I think if you're some crazy chocolate-aficionado, probably more your thing and sharing is caring.Note, I'm also not the regular 5-star michelin-type restaurant frequenter.. going to these places is once in a blue moon if any.. and perhaps I expected too much from all the hype this place was getting.
2	Visited the Strip House during a visit to LV last week (4/7/11). Came later in the evening (930ish) and restaurant was pretty empty. My friend and I felt a little under dressed, but did notice other seated parties dressed similarly. The restaurant itself is quite cozy...dark and sexy B/W photos on the walls, with some larger ones back lit with red light. The food was decent, but a medium-well fillet should have some pink and not be charred quite that much. All sides are Ala carte and as stated in other reviews, quite potatoe-centric. The service was the sticking point with me though. Sullen waiter who just repeated out the specials and then zoomed off, appetizers delivered (or tossed) on the table and no real customer service given. For the price of the bill ($200+), I would expect a little more respect for the patrons.
2	I really wanted to like Strip House. They've got a great looking room, and a good reputation.But the wine selection wasn't that great and the food was just kind of blah. It wasn't a bad meal, but it wasn't an exceptional meal either, and at the price they charge for a hunk of cow, I want my food and wine to blow me away.Vegas has some exceptional steak houses. Strip House needs to up its game.
4	Food, service and ambience excellent here.  The only reason I wouldn't give it 5 stars is that it's in Planet Hollywood.  Taxi service there is bad.  But other than that.....food is excellent.  They make great steak and side dishes.  Been there several times and enjoy going back.  Make reservations though...it gets crowded. More of place you want to take friends or clients.  Not really good for kids.
5	Strip House was so good for my girlfriend and I that I had to go back when I had a business dinner in Vegas.  Both times I ordered a New York cut and both times it was cooked to perfection.  The second time I brought my own cab but also ordered a bottle off the list.  They were appreciative and waived the usual $35 corkage... completely unexpected and very appreciated.  Service was perfect.  Oysters perfect although I was surprised we had to ask for horseradish... something which regularly accompanies the cocktail sauce when one orders oysters.  There are so many great restaurants in Vegas that it would be nearly impossible to commit to a specific steakhouse.  Not sure I can go to any other steakhouse.
4	Strip House Steakhouse was everything I expected from a Vegas hotel steakhouse. I can only speak for what I had, since I ate there alone, but from the look of the other customers' faces, the entire menu is top notch. Starting with the bar, the drinks were expensive, as can be expected in Vegas, but well worth it and well made. I had a Sapphire and tonic and a glass of Bordeaux. Dinner itself was top notch. I was served an assortment of bread with butter to start. The mini- French loaf was great and the butter was soft enough to spread without any difficulty. As an appetizer, I had the lobster bisque. At first I found it a bit salty, but it somehow became more delicious with every spoonful. It had a nice thick consistency and had a good amount of lobster that seemed to almost melt on contact. For dinner, I had the 8oz filet done medium and asparagus. The steak was wonderful, slightly salty and crispy on the edges, soft, pink and full of flavor on the inside. It was served with a Bearnaise sauce, but there was a variety of other sauces available. The steak also came with a roasted tomato half and garlic off to the side. My only disappointment with the food came with the asparagus. For $8 I was expecting something a little more exciting. It was served with Hollandaise sauce on the side, but it was still just ok. It was carried by the steak rather than complimenting it. The waiter was a 10 out of 10. He balanced making sure I was ok with not annoying me perfectly and brought everything to the table quickly . My only other dislikes of this amazing place were the noise from the casino and a slightly wobbly table. I know, that is a minuscule thing, but that is what separates amazing from very good. I can't rate this place against other Vegas steakhouses because I haven't been to any others, but I would rate this in my top five ever, but probably #5.  And if it's any indication of other Vegas steakhouses, I am in heaven.
4	The only reason this isn't a 5+ star review is because of the prices (ouch!).  The menu is standard for a steakhouse in terms of selection and prices, but the way the dishes are done makes every item truly exciting so they deserve extra props in that department.The presentation of every dish is impeccable.  The shotglass of cold watermelon soup to whet the appetite and awaken your tastebuds does just that--it's amazing.  The salmon with basil pesto foam, lobster linguine, and steak were all devoured.  Absolutely incredible.
5	Absolutely delicious! We plan on returning very soon. TIP: although attire preferred is dressy, you can keep it casual in VEGAS :)
4	We ate here on Wednesday night and it was really really really good!  I'm so glad we came here!For starters we had the crab cake and it was pretty big and very good!  It was a very good appetizer.For entrees I had the veal shank and it was delicious.  It was cooked perfectly.  My boyfriend had the salmon and he liked it.  I don't like salmon, but he said it was delicious.For sides we had the truffled mac and cheese and it was SO GOOD!!!!! OMG!!!!! We also got steamed asparagus and a side of Bearnaise sauce to dip it in.  Super yum!For dessert we got the creme brulee and it was just okay.I would have given this place five stars but we ordered a bottle of wine with a 2008 vintage and they brought out a 2009 instead.  When we called them out on it, they said they just got the shipment in that day and didn't have time reprint the menus.  I don't believe them.Other than that, everything was great and I know that some people yelped badly about the waitstaff taking a long time, but when you go to a super fancy place it is standard for service to be slow so you have time to drink your wine and enjoy your food.  This isn't  "In-N-Out Burger" you know.
3	The truffle creamed spinach was awesome!!  I got the tuna (I know, at a steak house) and it was ok.  Husband liked his steak but preferred Delmonico's for the same price.  Overall, the food was ok.
2	Really wasn't impressed. Completely forgettable filet.
2	Ive been to the Strip House in Houston and LOVED it. The Strip House in Vegas did not disappoint from a food perspective. Everything was delicious and prepared perfectly. The 2 star rating comes from the fact that I found the service to be less than stellar. Our waiter seemed annoyed by questions about the menu. He argued about splitting our checks. He wasn't terribly responsive to the table's needs. I probably won't go back to this restaurant if/when I go back to Las Vegas. If I Want to go to the Strip House, I'll make the trip to Houston.
3	=)  pretty good even though i was half drunk
3	I met up with my sister, her husband, and their friends here for dinner before getting ready to go out for the night.  We were afraid that there would be a wait since it looked crowded but we were seated right away.  They served us complimentary bread and butter while we waited for our entrees.  The bread was a little dry so they tasted as if they weren't fresh.  My sister ordered the filet mignon while I ordered the salmon so we could share.  Both dishes were very good, but I couldn't finish mine because I got so full!We also ordered the creme brulee and brownie with a scoop of ice cream for dessert and those were very good too!
5	YUM! To our surprise there were actually some boutique Napa wineries on their wine list! The truffle creamed spinach with pork fat back was amazing! The steaks were cooked perfectly to order and the giant chocolate cake lasted us several days!
4	One of the best parts of Vegas has to be the amazing variety of top notch restaurants you can choose from.  I am always trying to find the best ribeye steak in town.  I have to say, this was in the top 3!  Oh, and you have to try to the mac'n'cheese.  And don't let your server try and convince you that you don't need your own side of this!I would have given them a better star rating but the service didn't match the quality of the food.
3	Service was excellent.... didn't have trouble finding a table despite it being a holiday weekend and every other steak house was not accepting walk-ins.The decor is nice, and the atmosphere is great...very 1920's club feeling. The steak was "OK" at best....some parts of it were burned....and a little too dry for my taste. I hate the fact that they don't have a window in the whole place (would be nice to see the strip if you're paying 100+ for dinner)Overall, very nice place.... a little too expensive for where it is (the planet hollywood) and a little bit over-rated
5	Best meal I've ever had!!  Can't wait to go back.
5	AMAZING FILET!  Outstanding service!  And I'm pretty damn picky.
5	5 stars, I know, quite a call, but what can I say, my visit was perfect! First of all, I was staying at Bellagio...MISTAKE. Too damn pretentious for my taste, Planet Hollywood is much more VEGASY and the Striphouse didn't' disappoint. Scantily clad beauties of yesteryear adorned the walls and the darkness combined with the rocking music made the atmosphere cool...very cool. Our waiter (Brett) was top notch, friendly, knowledgeable, even cashed in the WSOP...VERY cool! Bottom line is, my steak, the 20oz bone in Ribeye, was the best I have ever eaten. EVER. Simple steamed asparagus with sea salt accompanied my monster cut of meat and really highlighted my stay in Vegas.I have recommended the place, and even having went to Joe's Stone Crab the next night, I wished I had doubled back and went here again instead. Thanks Striphouse...I'll be back...Mac
5	Keeping this on short:Super yummy seared scallops + delicious steak + creamed spinach with bacon.5 stars.  'Nuf said.
4	Strip House is undoubtedly good and one of the top steak houses in Vegas, however I just don't know if I'd return.  Everything was cooked very well, our service was on the spot, and the ambiance was posh and comforting, but I just didn't get the WOW factor.We go through the motions with our server (tap or bottled) and let him know tap is fine, order two glasses of wine, and were served bread.  All very standard in fine dining restaurants, blah.  Upon the arrival of our wines, we order our first course of either crab cakes or scallops (can't remember) and a caesar salad.  We continue on the order our entrees, a 16 oz. NY Strip and a 10 oz. filet mignon.  We also ordered three sides: whipped potatoes puree, potatoes romanoff, and black truffle creamed spinach.Our first courses arrived in a timely manner.  The salad was fresh but wasn't the best I've ever had.  And as far as I know with the seafood, it was decent, nothing to rave about.Shortly, after finishing them, our steaks and sides arrive and are cooked near perfectly.  The NY Strip was juicy and flavorful!  And even though my filet was cooked medium (the way I wanted), it was a tad on the dry side with little flavor.  Our sides were very good but perhaps a little on the "heavy" side.  My favorite being the whipped potatoes puree.  The spinach was very rich, creamy, and flavorful.  Though I don't recommend ordering it unless you have at least four people in your party.  The potatoes romanoff was rich as well, with a vast amount of cheddar cheese and sauteed onion.  Again, I wouldn't recommend ordering this unless your are dining with at least a group of four--too much food!Strip House has a beautiful, luxurious red interior, which is reminiscent of a 1920s red light district.  There are tons of artsy, burlesque'ish pictures of girls hanging from the walls.  For those of you who are dining alone, they do have a nice bar upon entering the restaurant equipped with a large flat screen to watch the games.  Be aware there is music spinning.  However, the music is of a modern retro beat, that is very easy to listen to.  Somehow the music fits the vibe of the restaurant, since most of the clientele is between the ages of 20s-40s.  This is definitely a restaurant to be seen in!  But like I mentioned above, the food just didn't give me the WOW factor.
1	Went here recently and had a poor experience. Our steak took almost an hour and a half to come out. I asked the waiter if the kitchen was down or if there was something going on. He responded no. The problem is there was hardly anyone there so they were not busy at all. When the steaks arrived they were overcooked not at all medium rare. The manager I believe named Chris said just because the outside was blackened it was medium rare, no idea what the outside has to do with the inside of a steak? Either way there was no excuse from the manager why it took 1.5 hours to overcook a steak. My wife and I left to eat elsewhere. Sent a note to the GM there and no response. Gave them a chance to not post a neative review but since no response, here we are. Vegas is about fun and service, Strip House is neither.
2	I'm a huge fan of steakhouses and sadly this one was not one of the best I've been to. Starting with the menu. All of their steak options were huge unless you wanted the 10 oz. filet mignon. My husband and I split the bone-in NY strip (20 oz) and quite honestly the only thing I could taste was salt. The steak had very little flavor and the sides (baked potato, broccoli) were equally underwhelming. Our server was efficient (although he did make several mistakes), but I wouldn't call him personable or welcoming. On the plus side the pretzel bread they served was very good. We may have just gotten them on an off night, but with all of the other steakhouse options in Vegas I wouldn't go back here.
5	My friends and I have been to most of the steak houses on the strip.  This one will be on our short list of places to return to again.  Service was excellent.  The pace of the meal was quite good.  Quality and preparation of the food was fine.  Only complaints - background music was a bit too loud, and the wine list is a bit pricey.  Otherwise no complaints.
5	I love the 22 ounce bone-in ribeye at the Strip House.  And their goose fat fried mashed potato ball.  Heaven.  The first time I ate there, I literally ate until I threw up.  Literally.  I didn't even know I was capable of doing that at this age.  I'm not five years old but their food made me lose all self-control.
4	Had dinner here tonight, party of 6.  My first thought was that the table (not a booth) was a bit small.  Felt a bit cramped.  After placing our drink order, we had some appetizers.  Crab cakes (awesome!), Caesars salad (so-so), roasted beets w/asparagus (nice flavors, but beets were paper thin!), bacon w/arugula (yum!).  I felt the waiter wasn't very attentive to our drinks, as the glasses were empty for a while before he offered us another round...really, a big pet peeve of mine.  On to the entrees.  Bone in ribeye was perfection.  Seared tuna was very generous and as expected.  Filets were spot on.  But the most spectacular dish of the evening was the truffle mac 'n cheese.  OMFG!!!!!  To die for!!!!!!  Tried the goose fat potatoes.  Just ok, a bit heavy.  Whipped potatoes were good.  Everything was satisfying, but yeah, keep dreaming about that mac 'n cheese.  I think I will go back JUST for that!  Over all, great meal, a bit pricey, and did I mention the mac 'n cheese?!?
4	I'm going to keep this one pretty short.  The restaurant is very lavish in a dark red intimate setting and conveniently located in the Planet Hollywood hotel/casino.  Service was really good and the food was excellent.  I recommend the filet mignon or the new york steak.  This place reminds me of Donovan's but a little more expensive (I wouldn't say this place was any better or worse though).  Overall, I was satisfied with both the meal and service.
4	Ate here for a bachelor party.  NY Strip cooked medium- rare had great flavor but was a little tough (not overly so, but more than some other prime strips I've had).  The mashed potatoes, creamed spinach, and macaroni and cheese were all very good. Great environment, suitable for a bunch of guys or a date with your wife.  Not stuffy like Prime at the Bellagio, but not as laid-back as Stripsteak in Mandalay Bay.
4	I've been here twice over two separate Vegas trips and I'm glad I found this place. It's a little harder to find since it's inside a casino and then you need to rent a camel and a guide to find it from there. Bring water or your alcoholic beverage of choice to tide you over till you find it. Professor Livingston I presume?! No? You're just a dancer? Where is The Strip House?I've received top notch service here every time. The wait staff has just the right amount of personable cheeriness and attentiveness without constantly interrupting. The Strip House can get super busy so plan a head.The decor is awesome here! Low lights, red highlights and vintage photos of pin-ups/nude models. It has a real old school classy vibe... if you are seated in the back it almost feels like a speak easy.The steaks here are magnificent. Both my father and my buddy both were wholly impressed by the steaks. The side dishes I've tried have a bit to be desired (I did... mac n' cheese and 2 nonstandard potato dishes) so next time I'll stick with the standard mashed potatoes. They make good strong drinks, have a decent selection of more expensive sipping alcohols and carry a good stock of vino. The desserts here are a bit underwhelming in size but they are very well made and quite tasty. No meal is complete with out dessert!I feel like I would be more suited to smoking a cigar here and enjoying a the ambiance. It's quite comfy and welcoming here and this joint has become one of my faves in LV. I'll definitely stop here for some burnt cow sacrifices whenever I'm in town.I'm a fan!
2	It was our first night in town and wanted to a good steak. We were directed here by the concierge. We asked for a good steak place where you didn't have to dress up. When we got there, we found that we may have been underdressed. After a double look from the hostess, we were seated in the back.  It was about 7 PM on Friday night and the place was near empty (should have been a warning sign).Drinks - The waiter was a bit slow to come over but when he did we ordered cocktails. Drinks were watered down.  When I asked for regular water it tasted like it came from the bottom of the ice machine. I had to buy bottled water. I later tasted local water and it was fine. Another instance where they played the customer. Staff - The waiter was not unpleasant, just not pleasant. Other waiters there seemed to have better personalities.Food - I ordered my steak medium rare but it came out medium. I would have sent it back but everyone else at the table had their food and were eating. I find that unless it is uneditable it makes no sense to send back as everyone would be finished eating by the time you get your food again. One of the other guys in our party ordered the "surf and turf" and said it was perfect, another had rib eye and said it was average. Everything is al a carte, even the sauces. We had the creamed spinach with bacon and it was probably my favorite for the night.Everything in the place is an upsell and pricy.  I don't mind paying for good food and service, but this place left me regretting the money I had to put out.
5	A group of friends and I stayed at Planet Hollywood Westgate for NYE's weekend and we chose The Strip House cause 1) it was conveniently located on the premises 2) reviews were excellent here on Yelp. (Thanks Yelpers) & 3) we wanted to have an excellent last dinner of the year. They accommodated our group of 10 nicely. We had an awesome waiter, Andrew. He was helpful with what was on the menu and I almsot believed that he was the one who created the menu. He memorized that menu down to a T with all of the night's specials. We started off with two of the Seafood Plateau appetizer. This is based on market price so it's worth it if you're a seafood lover and all of us were. Everything was fresh and good. I got the 10 oz. filet mignon, medium well with a butterfly cut. The sides are table shared sides (if you want to, that is). The side I got to share with the table was the Black Truffle Cream Spinach. Both dishes were delicious! I pretty much cleaned up the plate. It was worth every penny spent. Oh and I can't leave out that the table got a slice of the restaurant's infamous 24-layer cake. It was super rich in chocolate and milk would have helped out a lot. Ten people and we couldn't finish that single slice.The place is a bit on the high end but that's what you get with a steakhouse. Let's just say our ten person bill was 2 bills short of a grand.  Overall, I give this place 5 stars for service, food, and atmosphere and of course the great friends that made it even better.
3	I came here for my birthday/new year's dinner, and it was ok.  For the price you're paying, the service is not nearly up to standard, and to be quite honest, neither was the food.  After being left alone for a lonnggg time without bread or drinks, the server told us the specials: surf and turf with any steak you want...sweet. So I ordered filet mignon with lobster. Oh wait, the waiter says, I forgot to tell you that we're out of surf and turf. Wtf? So why did you even include that on the specials? Anyway, he offered to switch lobster for lump crab meat. Meh, ok, I'll try it.  Crab was dry and tasteless, filet was sooo dry, such a shame, I love a good steak. In fact, everyone at my table said their steak was dry. BOOThe "fondue" appetizer wasn't really fondue but it was still tasty, tuna tartare was delicious, creamed truffle spinach was rich and delicious, and their famous chocolate cake was pretty bomb also. But hey, if you're going to pride yourself on being a steakhouse, you better make sure it's perfect.  And the server could class it up a little, it's not outback steakhouse, brah.
2	If you're going to the Strip House for steak . . . the steak was good . . . perfectly cooked . . . and the chef did a great job on the Lobster Bisque.  The oysters were fresh.  The room itself had a great, traditional steak house look.That's where the compliments end.  Here's the rest of the story:First, I'm not an old codger, but I have to say that dining in a formal dining room with rap music blaring over the speakers ruins the whole experience, even in Las Vegas.  Service?  It was very good . . . nothing to complain about . . . but our wait staff had absolutely no personality.  In fact, there was no personal interaction whatsoever.   Courses arrived so quickly that we felt rushed and were made to wonder if everything was pre-cooked and just waiting for an order to come in.Aside from the steak, the food was not good.  The chicken, while perfectly cooked, was coated in some kind of horrible-tasting crust.  Most of the sauces and sides ranged from mediocre, (Potatoes Romanoff), to downright disgusting, (oyster sauces with rotten fish smell, sickeningly sweet steak sauce).In sum, the Strip House was ADAQUATE but nothing really special.  On top of that, it was horribly over-priced.  (We skipped ordering a bottle of wine, because the wine list was laughingly ridiculous).   If I'm going to spend $250 for 2, there are so many very exceptional venues in Las Vegas that I can't think of a single reason to dine here.
5	So before I start this review, I just want to mention that I've never been to a steak house before and it was my birthday soooooo . . . yeah. That being said, this place was amazing. We were staying in Planet Hollywood anyway and I wanted to eat somewhere fancy for dinner and then place did the job. We were late for our reservation but they were about to still fit us in and sat us quickly, which they definitely didn't have to do. rThe place is decorated with 1920's models thats range of clothed to quasi nude models in way that was kinda classy but didn't interfere with your dinner either. The low lights and red interior gave it an intimate feel too. Our waiter was a combination of charismatic and creepy, in a way that was very entertaining to me. I don't know if it was on purpose or not but either way he was very good at his job. One of my friends suggested I get the ribeye steak medium well so I went with that and I was not dissappointed! No one was in fact, not even the vegetarian! (She ordered a 2 sides instead of steak and still didn't finish everything). Probably the most surprising item was the grean beans cause they were freaking delicious. I was stuffed and could stop eating them. In fact, many of the sides that we ordered could be shared with at least one other person. They are kinda big and so flavorful, so they were also pretty filling. We decided to get the 25 layer chocolate cake for dessert. That's right. 25 LAYERS! Again, I couldn't stop eating it and I don't even like cake that much. I had mentioned to the waiter and supervisor that was working that my birthday was my favorite holiday, so when the cake come out, it had a candle in it and Happy Birthday was written on the cake. They waiter and sup even came by and said "Have fun on your favorite holiday!" It was something simple and easy that they didn't have to do at all but they did. 5 stars!
4	The ambiance is just great I love the 1920's burlesque photos all over and the sexy red and black. My fiance and I came in for an early dinner at 6pm on a Sunday and we were seated right away in a nice table along the wall with booth seating on one side. our server was nice and prompt. I ordered the watermelon martini which was just ok, its funny because our amuse bouche tasted just like my martini mixture since it was made with watermelon also. We started off with new england scallops, wow! it was one of the best scallop dishes I've ever had. Just melt in your mouth and the sweetness from the corn and the sauce was amazing. The scallops were enormous and perfectly seared on the outside. Next I ordered the filet and my fiance had the Ny strip both were cooked perfectly nice medium rare with a nice char crust and coarse salt. lso wanted the potatoes romaneoff  but they weren't able to make them so we settled for mashed potatoes. We were both so full and had no room for dessert. Its a bit pricey but  I did it enjoy everything very much!
5	I have never been to a nice restaurant. From food, service, decor, atmosphere. So impressed from start to finish.We had heard about the Strip House before, as we stay at Planet Hollywood every time we are in Vegas, but have usually made it too late in time for dinner. We were sat right away, and our waiter who served us was extremely helpful. He told us all the specials, and came back quite frequently to check on us. The wait staff of the entire restaurant was so quick and helpful, I felt like I was in a Disney movie. If your water glass got less than half full, it was instantly filled, bread was replaced quickly (which it needed to be, because it was fresh baked and delicious!), and every item we ordered was brought out almost immediately. It was fantastic. And everyone was very polite. For our appetizer, we shared a jumbo ship cocktail which was extraordinary. I ordered a lobster linguine, and my boyfriend ordered a new York strip with onion strings. My lobster linguine was good, but it wasn't as amazing as I hoped. My boyfriends steak on the others hand.. Was absolutely MOUTHWATERING! As soon as I tried a bite, it melted in my mouth and I had to check if it was unicorn because it was so magical. I tried a few bites with onion strings and the pairing of the salty bite with the perfect savory steak was just amazing. For dessert we shared the house cheesecake, which had a hint of citrus and a sweet, almost white chocolate topping, also amazing and perfect. My boyfriend had a glass of Knob Creek and I had a small Baileys Irish Creme. Perfect ending to a perfect meal.The decor of the restaurant was styled like an old fashion burlesque hall, with red printed wall paper and dim lighting, and lots of framed black and white photos of silent film stars and burlesque dancers. The beautiful restroom had rose wall paper on top and tiled red bejeweled brick on the bottom, the entire place is gorgeous.
3	Level of service did not exactly match the prices, even for busy Vegas hotel standards. We had better service for a third of the price at Holsteins across The Strip and at other less expensive places. Overall, we had a good time, but mainly due to good company :)I made reservations for my girlfriend's bday and I even received a phone call confirming the reservation and asking if there was a special occasion. They did do one thing special and that was to write happy birthday on the plate they served the piece of cake I ordered for us. Unfortunately, that was the end of the good part.The food and service were not what we expected, and we are by no means high maintenance! She ordered the lobster linguine and almost chipped a tooth on a nickel-sized piece of shell! Our waiter, who disappeared for a while, didn't even apologize or offer any comps when I called attention to the shell, which was very disappointing. The guy who cleared our table spilled butter sauce and nearly got it on my shoe. Others at nearby tables seemed to have more engaging and better service.
5	One of the best steaks that I have had. I was inspired to visit here based on a show that was on the Travel Channel showing some of the things to do while visiting Las Vegas. I was not disappointed!The ambiance was fantastic! Very classy looking and intimately lit. They have tasteful pictures of pinup up models illuminated perfectly all around and it is very red in the restaurant. Someone proposed across from us and I think it was a great setting to do so!I had oysters, the bone in NY Strip, and the chocolate cake with a double shot of espresso. Others in my party had the filet mignon and the boneless NY strip steak.We shared the goose fat potatoes, warm garlic bread with gorgonzola fondue, black truffle creamed spinach, garlic herb french fries, and mac & cheese.It was a bit pricey but being a great steak house right on the strip it's what we expected to pay. I will definitely be returning for a steak here when I go back to Las Vegas!
2	We went there late Sunday. The food was good. Our server's name is LESLIE B. and she was awful!!  Took forever to come back for us to order. It was late, only two other tables were there. For like a whole 15 minutes we had no idea where she went. Later we asked if they do anything for birthdays, she told us about this dessert but seem very annoyed by it. We asked for our CHECKS she brought one back. When we asked her to split it. She doesn't even remember what we ordered and made a face to us. The food was good but the service SUCKED!! You would think they have better service when they want to charge you 200 for 2 a meal? Totally not worth the experience.
4	Surprise there is a good steak house in Planet Hollywood!  Food is excellent and the steak was great.  Sides were perfect I felt like I was in a an NYC steakhouse.
4	We were a bit disappointed that we were unable to get a reservation to Gordon Ramsey's so we settled for the Strip House.  As far as steakhouses go in Vegas, this place was really a lot better than I expected. We had reservations on Memorial Day around 5pm and there weren't many other people in the joint at that time, which made it feel very personal.  We ordered the scallops for an appetizer and they were cooked perfectly. I did not try any of the bread selections as I am gluten free but the pretzel looked very inviting.  For the meal, I had the aged Ribeye and sauteed mushrooms. My buddy had the 12oz Filet and steamed broccoli. The steaks were seasoned and cooked perfectly. The only real suggestion that I have for them would be to add creamed spinach, but that all depends on whether or not you enjoy it. The service was great, they were always there to refill our waters and etc. The price was a bit high  but then again it is Vegas and a up-scale steakhouse.  Overall I thought the place was very solid and would definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a steak in Planet Hollywood.
4	Surprisingly pretty darn good. Our group sampled a variety of dishes and everything was better than I had expected, with the bone in rib-eye and the house special pork chops being particularly awesome. It is certainly better than some of the other more "well known" steakhouses in Vegas....plus no wait (at least on a random Monday night).
4	We decided to try out Strip House since we were going straight to Peep Show after.  I always forget it is there since it is upstairs.The ambiance and decor are nice.The service was good.  Our server was attentive and friendly.We started with the Warm Garlic Bread.  It is long rectangular strips of fried bread.  It comes with a Gorgonzola Fondue for dipping.  The taste and texture of the bread is great.  The fondue is creamy and mild.  We all enjoyed it.The house bread basket comes with three types of bread.  I only tried the pretzel bread, but it was excellent.  The others seemed happy with the other two options.I chose the 8 oz. filet for my main course.  It was prepared as requested, medium rare.   The meat was tender and tasty.  The seasoned salt and pepper crust gave it added flavor and texture.We ordered a couple sides.  The Potatoes Romanoff were tasty with nice contrasting textures.  The others tried the Steamed Asparagus and told me it was good.They have diverse options for wine.  They also offer some unique mixed drinks.
2	I'm really conflicted about this place..I expected so much and left with really dry steak pieces still stuck in my teeth.  We went for dinner at 9pm on July 4th and the place was half filled..not a good sign.  Our wait service was alright.  However, we ordered goose fat fries which the waiter forgot or didn't hear my husband when he ordered it.  Nevertheless, we asked about it and it ended up coming during the last part of our meal.  Now let me get to the steak.  We ended up sharing a 28 day dry aged rib eye.  On the advice of the waiter, he said to order the steak "medium" with pink in the middle vs "medium-rare" which he said would mean that the steak would still be dark pink and cool in the middle.  BIG MISTAKE!  I don't exaggerate when I say that the steak was TOUGH as cardboard and it had to literally saw through the steak to get a piece off.  Also there is this extremely salty and peppery crust on the steak that added to the dryness to the steak.  Also, the goose fat potatoes were also very dry with a tough crust around it.  Interesting enough, that was also very salty.The only saving grace is the truffle creamed spinach.  This dish is delicious!My lasting memory of this place is salty tough steak that was stuck in my teeth on the way back to our hotel...not pleasant.
4	The steaks are phenomenal and way too large for a normal person. The highlight was a tiny glass of potato soup with a drizzle of green leek puree. I wish I had a bowl of this delicious soup. Beautiful wine collection.Excellent service and a beautiful place. Very reminiscent of a classic Las Vegas steak house. Would definitely visit again.
4	Excellent service! Started with the lobster bisque. For my entre, the filet and lobster with a side of the potatoes romanoff. I wish I could remember the martini the waiter recommemded because it was good. Priced about the same as every other Vegas steakhouse....but come here for the quality and service. Had dinner before watching PeepShow (very convenient, next to the theater).
4	The strip house was excellent. The atmosphere is just what I like in a good steak house, darker, old time decor. The service was excellent and the waiter was too notch and wasn't overly present during dinner, just the perfect amount of attention. The house special potatoes and creed spinach were delicious. My bone in rib eye cooked perfectly. All in all a great experience and dinner.
4	Great steaks, salads, ambiance, decor. Highly recommend coming.
4	With a million steakhouses to choose from on the strip, a steakhouse has to stand out and have something amazing to differentiate it from the rest.  Strip House Steak House does this by literally looking like a "strip house"...and not the meat kind.  Well, okay, a *different* kind of meat kind.  The restaurant is dark and red and sexy and has pictures of strip teases, burlesque, and half-dressed ladies on the pole posted ALL OVER the place.  Nice touch.  The food is your typical high priced Vegas steakhouse although this place has some things going for them that others do not...the steaks were delicious (seasoned beautifully and NOT overly charred...they also came with the house steak sauce which was pretty good), the steak and lobster special was fantastic (the lobster was out of the shell already and came with a HUGE side of melted butter for overindulgence), and the Potatoes Romanoff were awesome (shareable and twice baked cheesy deliciousness).  It's not a great location as it is kind of hidden upstairs at Planet Hollywood, but I will definitely be back to use my Total Rewards comps if I have any.
5	Great meal!!!! Started with the seafood plateau and finished with the filet. They nailed it!
4	I'm usually not a fan of eating steak out in restaurants because I can buy great steak at Costco for about $30 for three pieces of ribeye and I think I make a pretty good one.  Anyway our company was in town for a conference and we didn't finish our day until about 10pm.  Since we were staying in the Planet Hollywood, our CFO said let's eat here as he ate here the night before.  Strip Steak is in the Mezzanie level next to Koi which is a restaurant/club.  Strip Steak definitely has the feel of a steak house, much like Morton's or Ruth Chris where it's dark inside with wooden chairs, booths and etc.I had a taste of the tuna, avocado salad which was pretty good however my colleague said there was too much avocado.  I ordered a mac and cheese which was decent and a 28 day dry aged rib eye.  The steak was on the dryer side but it was delicious.  Not sure what seasoning they used but it definitely had a lot of flavor.  I usually don't enjoy steak out in a restaurant but this one changed my mind in the sense that I should get steak next time I eat out.  It could also be that I was super hungry because I didn't eat all day.  I think it was the former though.I ordered a strawberry mojito which was fantastic with pieces of strawberry in it.  As for why this place gets four stars and not five?  The service.  The waiter seemed to have a harsh tone when talking to us.  He wasn't pleasant, just said what do you want or do you want this and etc.  We all felt the service wasn't good so I was glad it wasn't just me.Anyway if I am yearning for steak again and am in the middle of the strip, I might come back.  I ate at Cut before and I think the one here was better.
5	Thank goodness for Three Square's Restaurant Week.  For, that is how I just became acquainted with Strip House.  Originally I thought the restaurant's name came from being situated on the Las Vegas Strip or serving Strip Steak.  It was thus an eye opener when I saw all the pics of strippers on the restaurant walls.  "Ahh, so that's why the place is named 'Strip House'!" a light bulb went off in my head.  I was about to dine in the ambiance of a bordello!And, dine I did!  The publicized Restaurant Week menu attracted me here in the first place.  But a revision instituted by the restaurant made it even better.  For, the dessert was changed from Baked Alaska to a Double Chocolate Hot Fudge Brownie.  What was already good became even better!  Who could protest such a change?Augmenting the menu a bit, I added a Shrimp Cocktail--and was rewarded with 4 gigantic, meaty, and succulent shrimps that came smoothly right out of the shell.  I split them with Diane, and dipped mine in the excellent Cocktail Sauce provided, which was neither too spicy nor too mild.  They went down well interspersed with very tasty Cranberry Bread and Pretzel Bread, and good Onion Bread.  A large spoonful of Diane's silky Lobster Bisque with Creme Fraiche, and a nice, large cheesy Caesar Salad followed.  Then came an 8 oz. Filet Mignon cooked perfectly medium rare but with a tightly wound crown of really peppery peppercorns on top.  No problem!  After brushing off most of the peppercorns, I enjoyed fine Bordelaise and Bearnaise Sauces with the buttery steak.  Tasty Creamed Spinach with Black Truffles was a fine side, and Ripped Potatoes--large chunks of marvelous deep-fried potatoes adhering to a rippled base of skin--a wonderful starch.  Service was friendly and exemplary throughout the evening.  The large Double Chocolate Hot Fudge Brownie made with Godiva Chocolate and graciously made ala mode was even tastier than anticipated after pouring some extra Hot Fudge out of a warm silver container onto this great decadent dessert. I will definitely return soon to Planet Hollywood's mezzanine for another memorable meal at Strip House.
5	Imagine this - you're the greeter at a really nice steak house.  A guy walks up to you and asks if there's a table available...in what is clearly a very full restaurant.  you say "how many in your party?" and the reply is "thirteen".That's exactly what happened a few weeks ago at Strip House.  In this case, however, rather than sneer at us, she called the manager, who opened up a private room for us, and sat us within 10 minutes.  STELLAR.  He gave us our own wait staff....STELLAR.  And all this, mind you, at the drop of a hat, and without reservations.  Then, to really test out how far we could take this, i let them know that we were in a relative hurry, and we wanted separate checks.  No problem...STELLAR.We ordered our drinks, and after perusing the menu, most of us went the steak route.  The wife and I split one, and it was perfectly cooked.  In fact, this whole experience was about as superb as it could have been.  Kudos to Strip House (and double kudos for a great name, coupled with a great motif that plays on that in the restaurant).A definite thumbs up.
4	We were here for the famous Thuy Nga Paris By Night 106th episode recording and show.  For those not in the know the show is the longest running Vietnamese American music variety show famous the world over...among the Vietnamese and Vietnamese diaspora. Enough of the cultural/history lesson.  My girlfriend had an excellent idea of spending our time at the Planet Hollywood early so we would not have to fight with about 7,500 other people who were going to show up at the same time crowding up the casino parking lot and valet so we went there about 3 hours prior to the show, she played some slots, I walked around scouting the place making sure we knew where the entrance to the show was.  We initially wanted French but couldn't find it on our smart phone that there was one at the Planet.  So we settled for a steak joint which I was not too excited about since I have high cholesterol but do enjoy my steaks. But as Californians recently deprived of foie gras my girlfriend was aching for some but oh well.  We should have researched it better before we left the house.We were probably one of the first 2 couples there, we came in before it opened so we had to wait outside a bit and took pictures. Decor was very nice and elegant.  A bit dimly lit. She ordered a black cherry martini recommended by the waiter (wasn't that good but made a great pix with the GF that is still a screen saver on my phone. Oh, check out my profile picture, that's the big ol martini being mentioned). The waiter recommended a good slightly sweet white wine (which I like since I don't like my wine dry) as I knew we were heading into a seafood meal.  We selected the full platter appetizer. It came with a spread of cold seafood and included oysters on the half shell, clams on the half shell, a couple of small pieces of king crab or something like that, very flavorful poke tuna/tuna tartar, seafood ceviche (too darn tangy) and I am sure shrimp cocktails. We also decided, wise choice by the GF, to split an order of the Chilean sea bass (I know, endanger this and that...look, it's their fault!...if Chilean Sea Bass didn't taste so darn good they would not be in danger of extinction, just kidding of course, but this is the first time I ordered it in over 4 years since my grandmother's 85th birthday so I am not arching over with guilt). Oh, we also ordered the creamed spinach with black truffles as a side...which we could in no way finish but it was great.We managed to go to a steak house and not having to order the usual steaks so I was really happy about the alternatives.  But I think cholesterol count-wise I lost the battle to the creamed spinach because who knows how many sticks of butter was in that decadence side. It was that rich (and delicious) but after a while you couldn't eat any more.I am rating this a bit low because I didn't like the fact that the waiter made me feel like I under spent. He was constantly trying to up sell that it would not be enough food then visibly disappointed when we did not want desert. Hey dude, we were stuffed and we had a show to catch, cholesterol to maintain and my weight to watch. =) He did manage to recommend a good white wine and the creamed spinach.
4	I went with my fiancee and another couple, they split up our salads to share and even split up our steak as we requested without issue. Service was very good though the wait staff could be a little less attentive to be honest. Every course was very good and though pricey, it was worth the cost. My major negatives would be the dark lighting could be improved and they pack tables in to get as many customers as possible, a pet peeve of mine.Would definitely go back to.
4	Great food here. Came here with a large party of all hungry guys for my bachelor weekend. Service was very good and the food was great. We ordered everything from onion strings, to their spinach, mac & cheese, duck fat fried potato, sauteed mushrooms, a nice wine, lamb, and of course steaks galore. Everything was good.They even had us in our own little corner of the restaurant where we were really allowed to enjoy ourselves. Got a little bit pricey at the end of the night, but the quality and service of this joint was worth it for our Vegas trip. It was a nice way to start off the evenings adventures.
5	We discovered the Strip House Restaurant in NYC about 5 years ago. When we discovered that there was a Las Vegas location, we immediately made reservations!Our group started with Oysters and the Mixed Greens salad - both were great. The salad came in a wonderful crispy parmesan bowl.For entrees, our group had the salmon, the ribeye and a filet. All of the entrees were better than we remembered in NYC.All the sides we tried were incredible!  Creamed spinach, green beans, potatoes romanoff... YUM.This restaurant is a bit expensive, but worth every penny!!
2	As a steak house, not impressed.  When the sides are better than the main course it should tell you something. I ordered the special Hanger steak, not good. It had a coffee rub. Pretty much tasted like burnt coffee on a steak. The potatoes romanoff was really good. Mac and cheese not bad. Vary expensive though for the quality of food that you get. Typical Las Vegas strip restaurant
5	Absolutely the best ribeye steak in town - aged & cooked to perfection and just melts in your mouth. The potatoes Romanoff are delicious, creamed spinach is velvety, the lobster bisque is a meal in itself full of tasty lobster bites. The service is impeccable. No doubt, this is our favorite restauran in LV. We dine here every time we're in town.
4	We were going to see the show Peep Show (With CoCo) and we didn't want to feel rushed, so we made a reservation at this restaurant.  The hostess was sweet and made our reservation for 8:30, so we had plenty of time to eat.  Its very dimly lit and its a little noisy, but its ok.  There are great pictures on the wall of stars and models from back in the day.  The staff is WELL TRAINED they know what utensils to give you and take away and they do it quickly!  The bread and butter they give you is amazing.  My friend and I ate all three. My friend had the scallops for the appetizer which were really tasty its a shame that they only give you 2-3 depending on the scallops size and I had raw oysters.  I was given 3 from the east coast and 3 from the west coast.  The East coast had more natural salt to them then the west coast, but they were delicious.  I had the Lobster Linguine which has been the best that I have had ever!  My Friend had roast chicken, but he isn't choose any sides, but at the end we shared the cheese cake which was a huge piece.  We had no choice, but to share it.  Its pricey, but if you don't mind paying a pretty penny this is a great place to do so.  They give you star treatment here.
4	As I always do at every steakhouse, is start with the lobster bisque. Broth was awesome! But no lobster! And had some sort of pasta textured tiny balls in it! Lose that, and put some lobster in it, and it would be great!!!Had the 8oz filet oscar, cooked to perfection! Great service!
5	Once again Strip House came through famously!  It was V-day, and I began with an Iceberg Salad featuring smoked bacon, tomatoes, and a Stilton Cheese Vinaigrette which resembled Bleu Cheese Dressing.  The salad initially looked small, but wasn't, and had excellent flavoring.  A Shrimp Cocktail displaying four jumbo shrimps and Cocktail Sauce with just a hint of horseradish was meaty, cold, and outstanding!My Surf & Turf special consisted of a 6 .oz Filet Mignon and 1/2 of a 2 lb. lobster with drawn butter.  The lobster was sweet and tasty, and the Filet, peppered and just slightly charred on top, was real buttery, perfectly medium rare as ordered, and one of the best Petite Filets I have ever enjoyed: melt in the mouth tenderness and goodness, and just outstanding with both housemade Bearnaise Sauce and Bordelaise Sauce!  Ripped Potatoes, that are large deep-fried chunks of baked potato sprinkled with numerous Parmesan splinters, were a great accompaniment dipped in tomato ketchup.    For dessert I had an elaborate and painstakingly prepared Baked Alaska with bruleed Meringue, pecan pieces, and Pistachio and Chocolate Ice Creams, while Diane was delighted once again by a Warm Double Chocolate Brownie topped by Vanilla Ice Cream and a generous serving of Hot Fudge Sauce.  Water and soft drink replenishment without asking was constant throughout our meal.  Diane only had to request a soup spoon to consume her bowl of well-made Lobster Bisque with Creme Fraiche; the richness of the dish filled her up to the point of almost losing her appetite--but not quite!  Otherwise, service was really fine.  Lights were dimmed at 6:45 p.m., when the Victorian bordello ambiance became even more romantic.  We exchanged gifts at our table, and despite a price tag of just under $250 for two without wine or any alcoholic beverages, left very happy customers.
4	Beer list- AwesomeSteak- tender and deliciousService- extraordinaryTab- somebody else picking it up, even better!The waiters kept plying us with food and beer and wine, by the time I got to dessert, I could barely sample anything.  My steak was excellently prepared and the sauces they had for it were wonderful.Spendy, but if you're not paying, go hog wild!
5	An absolutely excellent meal. From the service, to the ambiance, to the food...everything was top notch! We went here for Christmas dinner this past December. It's our new Xmas tradition to go out to a fancy dinner just the 2 of us on Christmas night. I was a little worried when we first arrived, as the hostesses seemed very LA-hostessish, and the decor was very red and very dark. Although the hostesses looked LA, they were very pleasant. When dining outside of Los Angeles, I find the service experience to be so much more tolerable and deeply rooted in customer service. The waiter and the bus boy for our table were both outstanding. Attentive, friendly, and on top of everything.The food was some of our favorite food in Las Vegas so far. Everything was decadent and delicious. Everything we got was a highlight, hopefully there's enough room to write about everything! The drink I got was so different and tasty! I got a chocolate martini, but instead of vodka or gin, it was made with Patron XO tequila that has a bit of a coffee flavor, but is definitely tequila. There is Godiva chocolate liquor in it, and the rim is covered in chocolate covered bacon crumbles. OH. EM. GEE. AMAZING!The bread basket that each table gets comes with some amazing breads, but the star of the basket to me were the pretzel bread rolls. It was like eating a big, plump, less greasy gourmet soft pretzel with butter. I could have eaten tons of them. For our appetizers my husband got the Oysters which were spilt into East Coast and West Coast Oysters. He loved them and couldn't believe he was able to get such fresh seafood in the middle of the Las Vegas and all of its lack of bodies of water! I got the Roasted Bacon, with arugala and russian dressing. Holy wow! I can't even put in to words how amazingly spectacularly delicious and rich that dish was. I just can't. All I can say is, if you even remotely like bacon...GET THIS APPETIZER!!The steaks were cooked perfectly, and as tender as butter. We were very pleased. We got the potatoes romanoff and garlic green beans on the side, and both were amazing as well. We got a wonderful bananas foster tart for dessert. Although we were stuffed, we couldn't stop eating the dessert. Like everything else that night, it too, was amazing! I highly recommend this steak house. I know there are a lot to choose from just on that block of the strip alone, but I promise you will not be disappointed if you choose this one for your next amazing Las Vegas meal!
5	Went for a "fancy" dinner while on our honeymoon. Pricey but absolutely delicious, and we had a spectacular waiter who truly added to the experience. Had the calamari for an appetizer which was probably the best we'd ever eaten. Perfectly seasoned. Entrees were perfectly cooked, side dishes were great. All around made for a wonderful night.
3	The Skiiny: mid-level quality steakhouse (3) slow service at times which is not good for a place supposedly of this caliber (3) high prices for what it is, I'd skip this joint(2.5).We decided to venture here for our anniversary dinner because we heard of the 24 layer chocolate cake. Seeing as how it would be a little bit odd to go to a steakhouse for chocolate cake (hee hee hee), we decided to eat dinner here too.We ordered a Caesar salad ($14), a bone-in rib eye ($54), their roasted chicken ($29), truffled spinach $12 and their corn special $10. We then finished this off with their chocolate cake. I love Caesar salads. I especially love it when they use real anchovies and hit it with a good dose of lemon like they do at really good quality steakhouse. Striphouse is not one of those places. Completely generic Caesar dressing flavored this dish which makes me wonder how they can justify charging $14 for this. Oh right - it's the Strip. Whatever... I would not order this here. Their roasted chicken was definitely below par compared to other similarly priced steakhouses. The key thing is a nice crisp skin of the chicken. There was none of that happening here. As a matter of fact, I stripped off all of the skin because it just wasn't worth it. It was seasoned adequately however I expect a $29 chicken dish to be much better than this. It was just too ordinary to justify this expense.Their bone-in rib eye was adequate but again, overrpriced for the quality. Perhaps I'm a stickler for what I like on a steak. I found they added too many spices to their steak. A good quality steak needs only very few  ingredients- salt/pepper and a nice oil to cook it in - otherwise you aren't going to taste the steak itself. On top of that, the crust wasn't quite up to par either with a slightly darker hue that what I would expect the perfect steak to be (gold brown). Plus the steak itself didn't have quite the marbling I would have expected for a $54 steak with lots of chunky pieces of fat around the meat. For me, a good quality steak is all about the integration.To serve it with their house "steak sauce" - which was basically cocktail sauce (cocktail sauce = ketchup + horseradish) - kind of speaks to the level of what we are dealing with. People only add this crap to meat if it ain't that good...and it isn't.Their corn special that day was roasted corn sauteed with bacon, red pepper baked with some parmesan breadcrumbs on top. I think the breadcrumbs was a little overkill and added an unpleasant grittiness to the dish. The corn itself was a little too tough for my liking and I wouldn't recommend this dish.The truffled spinach was probably the highlight of our meal. Rich, umami-ish, it comes in a small pot which is brimming filled with this luxurious concoction. It doesn't look like much but once you've dug in, it's actually quite a large serving size because it is so heavy.Finally, the long awaited chocolate cake. A rather large portion, it reminded me of the that scene from Ronald Dahl's Matilda - you know where that kid has to eat this massive chocolate cake all on his lonesome? Well, anyway, despite the size, the question is - is this the best chocolate cake ever? I would venture to say no. The cake itself was good - not too sweet with good quality cocoa flavor - but wasn't quite as moist as what I expected. The thin layers of chocolate cream in between helped a bit to counter this. Overall not a bad chocolate cake and for it's size, it isn't a bad bargain for $14. It just wasn't quite as awesome as what I'd imagined it would be. Overall given the price range, this place is definitely not worth the money. Although the food was palatable, for the price you pay, it should be way more than that. Really I think it is more a 2.5 kind joint but I will bump it up to a 3 for the spinach and cake. So even though it rates a 3 star,  I'd give this one a pass.
2	Really surprised at all the five stars on here. It was OK, but much better to be had for the $$; prices are in line with every other high-end steak joint on the strip.Everything is a la carte, no surprises.Caeser salad for $11 was tasteless; bone-in veal chop for $45 was a very nice cut of meat, but not properly cooked (ordered medium and it was very rare). Server was none to happy about bringing it back to throw on for another few minutes.Great peiece of homemade cheesecake.
5	Thank you Strip House...you were amazing for Restaurant Week!The service was excellent, glasses were always half full, and everyone had a smile.  The server didn't have the restaurant week menu up front though, so I thought we were going to start off on a bad foot, but the rest of the night went smoothly.Starting off was the comp bread platter :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/strip-house-steak-house-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#M64Hy_zMuIusbCGE0v6_RAThere were some good ones there, including pretzel bread, onion bread, and something mixed with cranberries.  The bread came out lightening fast...within a minute or two of us sitting down.Then came the salads...http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/strip-house-steak-house-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#e3ZQxqsw96YtGaayUjh76QCaesar was a nice rendition of the classic.... It had Hearts of Romaine, Paprika Croutons, and Shaved Parmesan.  You know it is good if you catch me eating lettuce...I hate lettuce!But this is when I knew the night was going to be amazing....check out the Strip House Roasted Bacon Salad :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/strip-house-steak-house-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#aXUMZua2dF2xG6vz4uy5FAMore like pork belly salad! Look how thick those slices are....and great meat/fat ratio!!!  Came with Baby Arugula and Russian Dressing.  A MAN'S kind of salad...amazing!On to the entrees!  Wife went with the Filet Mignon and added two Seared Scallops (+$12) :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/strip-house-steak-house-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#A9XfCIn3WoY9mNCL2xLzCQThe steak was cooked perfectly and had a beautiful char on the outside, but a little heavy to taste with the salt/pepper/mix and the char.  Takes away a little from that yummy steak, but not enough to really complain about it.  The scallops were amazing though and cooked well with great taste!I ordered the 28 day dry aged Ribeye :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/strip-house-steak-house-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#BCKElERFaMQBWuKn1oCtPgIt was also cooked perfectly cooked, but with that same char on the outside.  The fat was pretty tender, and I ate a good bit of it on purpose lol...but overall it was a 4/5 for me!The sides, Crisp Goose Fat Potatoes and Black Truffle Creamed Spinach :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/strip-house-steak-house-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#19xyxl1DFKOEBxe_Zc5VDAThe potatoes were good, with the crust being almost hash brown like, but the Truffle spinach was out of this world!  Amazing mix of creamy goodness, with a bite of truffle flavor that was outstanding.  You HAVE to order these...blew my mind!  They also gave us a side of their steak sauce, but it was WAY to sweet for me...almost BBQ sauce like.  I wouldn't order a sauce for a good steak anyways!Dessert...Warm Chocolate Brownie...http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/strip-house-steak-house-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#iRri0RfZjWsza3vDkf-S_QJust like it sounds, a warm choco brownie.  It was good, but not amazing...unlike the Cheesecake with Berry Sauce!!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/strip-house-steak-house-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#nj7KTLBgNnGIbW8M47NtlQBest cheesecake I've had! The consistency was like whipped butter....super tender and amazingly flavorful!  This was the clear winner of the desserts, and an amazing way to end dinner!This is a great steakhouse in town, hiding inside PH!  It won't be the best steak in town (unless you really love that salt/pepper char), but it will be a night to remember!
4	Came in the other night to have a nice expensive steak dinner in Vegas. Gotta have expensive steak in Vegas, right? First thing you notice about the decor when you walk in: Reddddddddd. It's not terrible though. Also, cool vintage/pinup portraits on the wall, and as a photographer, I enjoyed that.We were greeted by our server Ryan, who proceeded to take care of us perfectly the whole night, without coming by too often. Doesn't that get annoying sometimes? Thank you, Ryan.The assorted breads came out hot and fresh, and were tasty. The butter was spreadable, unlike other places with cold, hard butter. This is a pet peeve of mine, so I'm glad they do butter right. Bone-in Ribeye - yes! Good flavor, not hidden by sauce.Sea bass - yes! Nicely cooked, not over-seasoned. Seared scallops - yes! Wish there were more of them! Truffle creamed spinach with bacon - almost. Nice idea, but execution was very salty, perhaps too much parmesian cheese? Couldn't eat more than a couple of bites.  Too bad. This ruined their perfect score for me.  It was still a good experience here, particularly because of the great service.
4	This was a nice steak house that any man would Love! I took Mike for his birthday and lets just say he enjoy himself. I think any man would appreciate a good steak! The ambiance was so nice it was like being in a cool lounge with a great steak, lol! Its a Must Go!
5	Amazing food and fabulous service!
5	Our table had the filet which was excellent and the salmon which was really good.  My boring salad was very good also.  Service was top notch and the filet was perfectly cooked.  Overall great experience.
2	The staff were nice. And when i had a problem, the manger took the food of my bill. But overall, I was rather disappointed. Great reviews, but the bacon was bland and tasted like Charcoal, the Mac and cheese was less than average and the chicken tasted like home made lemon pepper chicken. I how my experience here was a fluke and that it its usually a good place to go
5	Anytime I'm in Vegas I make a stop to the strip house. The ambiance and decor is sexy and mysterious. Red velvet line the walls along with pictures of beautiful pin up girls from days of old. It's lightly lit to almost a candle light setting. A great place to to dine with your partner. The food is amazing. I was greeted with a smokey potato soup shooter compliments of the chef ( very classy ). I had the massive 22oz rib eye steak which was cooked perfectly and tasted divine. Creamy whipped potato and creamed spinach accompanied my steak. If your looking for a romantic steak house to take your date the strip house is the spot to go
4	I LOVE this restaurant.  My company stays at this hotel twice a year, and the Strip House is one of our favorite spots.  Very quiet inside, dark, relaxing, great service, excellent food.  I get the Filet Mignon and also pastas and fish, and everything is awesome.  Even the side dishes (mushrooms, creamed spinach) are phenomenal.  VERY pricey (like $40 for steak with no side dishes) but I get reimbursed so it's OK.  The decor is slightly risque but classy enough to bring a date.
5	Oh my gosh, I Love their Filet/Lobster! Tender, hot & seasoned perfectly. I actually came back the next night and ordered the exact same thing. I'll come here again!
5	If your looking for a high end steak house to entertain clients or an intimate dinner, look no further.  The Strip House is by far the best.  I've used them for two years now on 4 or 5 occasions only to be impressed more and more.  The food is excellent!  Steaks cooked to perfection and simply delicious.  My favorite has become the dry aged ribeye.  The filet mignon is also a winner.  Well worth the price.  On the service end, blown away.  One nigh my wife was handed a Tide pen along with sparkiling water after spiling sauce on her dress.  The next night, one of my guests was handed reading glass after having trouble seeing the menu.  This place really covers all angles.  Brett was our waiter and kept everything organized, moving and efficient.  I can say enough.  Just try it and you'll keep coming back.
5	We made a reservation for Strip House for a Thursday night.  We arrived & were promptly seated in a roomy corner booth.  The first thing I noticed was the decor of red velvet wallpaper with old photos on the wall.  It set a nice romantic mood.  The service right off the bat was top notch.  The food was outstanding!  Everything we had from the tuna tartar, to our steaks & even the sides were delicious and perfectly prepared.  Next time we are in Vegas we will for sure be back here.  It was overall an outstanding dining experience!
2	Steak has potential. Too salty. Too much pepper. You can scrape it off
5	FIance and I had an amazing experience.  We ordered the following:-Bottle of Anaba Pinot Noir -Spicy tuna tar-tar to begin-20oz Rib eye for myself (Best rib eye I've ever had, hands down)-8 oz filet mignon for fiance-Sauteed wild mushrooms (AMAZING)-Garlic green beans (Also great)Brian was our server.  Hope you are lucky enough to get him.  He was awesome!  Great ambiance in the restaurant.  Love the red velvet type setting.  After dinner, we went over to the bar for a little nightcap.  Ordered a glass of 18 year old scotch for myself and some special pomegranate martini for my fiance.  Marc was our bartender, and he was also great.  It was a perfect night for us.  We are definitely coming back!
5	My girlfriend and I came to the Strip House for a great dinner, and we were not disappointed. Starting off with our server Chris, which was fantastic. The rib-eye was amazing and the 24 layer chocolate cake was out of this world.
5	I'm not a big meat eater but had the bet filet I have has in forever. And the black truffle creamed spinach is a must! Our servers Ryan and Kasey were also an absolute treat! Thanks guys!!
5	Great Steak House!! The service is excellent. You have to make appointment.The abience is quite upscale, a little bit dark, and well-decorated.Great selections of wine and definitely delicious steak.The price can be very expensive, but definitely worth it!I wil ldefinitely come back the next time I visit Vegas.
5	The best steak my wife and I have ever had!We both ordered the NY Strip Steak and it was amazing. We order our steaks cooked well which can usually leave them not as juicy, that was definitely not the case here. They were great!!We also had their famous 24-layer chocolate cake. It surely lives up to its billing and will be plenty enough for 2 people then some.The service was excellent, as John S. was terrific with providing the best service we have ever had. The staff doesn't miss a beat and you should never come away needing anything as they take care of it before you even realize you need it.Great dining experience and the best by far. Our Vegas trips from now on will include a trip back everytime.
5	John was our waiter and was fantastic, professional, courteous and had fun with our 8 year old twin girls.  The food was excellent, ambiance like a steak house should be and it was a great night to be out in Las Vegas.
4	Great food and service. It was loud the evening we went in because a busy conference was in the hotel. All and all, worth the money
3	The service here was excellent.  Our waiter timed everything perfectly.  The drinks were good and most of the food was good.  The steaks were cooked perfectly but in my opinion they could have used more seasoning.  Our waiter recommended the garlic fries which were only okay.  Actually, not even okay... they were a bit overcooked and dry.  I make myself some better garlic fries from the frozen section at Trader Joe's!  We ate here several years ago so can't remember exactly what else was ordered, but if it isn't memorable, than it wasn't that good.  At any rate, the bill came to around $180 and while cheaper than Craftsteak, wasn't nearly as good.  We probably won't return here, but I do have to say again that the service here was great and maybe it was just a bad night for us to try this place out.  I'd say go ahead and take a chance.
1	My boyfriend wanted to treat me to a nice steak and raved about Strip House in New York and said I would love it if Las Vegas location was same as New York. The waiter was awesome, but when we received our steak, it didn't taste the same. He asked for the steak to be split becasue it was a large cut. I am not a steak eater so I don't know when a cut is bad. His cut was great, but I kept chewing and chewing and eventually I gave him some of my cut to see. He noticed I was struggling, but assumed I was chewing slow. He spit his piece out and asked to speak to the Manager. He let the waiter know how he felt and was disappointed with my cut. They said it was from the same cut, but he disagreed. The Manager approaches and his response to our complaint was highly unprofessional. He comments were uncalled for when situation was explained. He said you ate it so nothing can be done about it even though he was told I wasn't a seasoned steak eater. He lied saying he came from new York location when my boyfriend mentioned names, he was clueless. He was very immature and childish and defensive. His hospitality skills were horrible, customer skills even worse and all he did was remove the side dishes ordered. We were not looking for a free meal, but something to be done to rectify serving a bad cut of steak which was a pretty penny. My boyfriend was outraged at the poor service the Manager gave portrays Strip House to be a place that doesn't care if a patron is satisfied or not. I cannot recommend this location due to his performance and will let the New York location know of our horrible experience in Las Vegas.
5	I came here on the night of my 21st birthday with my boyfriend and the awesomeness started when we walked right in. Where can I start? We were seated right away and our server was Ryan. He was awesome! Very prompt and informative. Throughout the night we never waited for our water to be refilled. It seems like the guy was almost waiting in the wings to refill the waters. Which was very impressive. The atmosphere was great. The bread basket was nice with a variety of different breads to try. I ordered the lobster bisque for my appetizer and was pleasantly surprised. The way that they brought it out and served to me was impressive and it was divine. my boyfriend ordered the Crisp Organic Chicken and it was really good and moist. The flavors were married together beautifully. I ordered the Colorado Lamb Rack and I was floored by how moist and tender they were. The dijon crust with the au jus was just completely amazing. We did not stick around for dessert, unfortunately. Hopefully next time when we decide to indulge.
5	Wow. Didn't even know about this place until a friend told me about it. I absolutely loved it. From the rolls at the beginning of the menu, to the dessert everything was excellent. One of the best filet mignons I've had.Very friendly staff. Very nice atmosphere. I'll definitely be back!
3	Decent meal. Decent service.  Decent atmosphere.  Expected prices.  We've been to probably every steak house in Las Vegas and nothing stood out either way about this one.
5	My husband and I love Strip House.  We've eaten at other popular steak joints in Las Vegas, but we keep coming back to this one because of the amazing food and phenomenal service.  We celebrated our anniversary here a few weeks back and, as usual, had an amazing time.  The steaks are out of this world, and there are so many yummy sides to choose from it's almost overwhelming what to pick!  Our waiter, Brian, was awesome!  He was super on top of everything and had great recommendations for new things for us to try.  Oh, and he had great hair ;)  If you're looking for a solid choice for a steak house, you simply can't go wrong with Strip House at Planet Hollywood.
3	During my most recent Girls-Night-Out weekend in Vegas, I wanted to take my friends to Strip House because I had fell in love with the one in NYC. I now have mixed feelings. I am a steak lover. I have pretty much checked out the most popular steak restaurants and thought the steak at NYC Strip House was by far, top 3. The steak in LV was a bit tough for me (I ordered medium rare). The mac and cheese was too cheesy and a bit bland. The cream spinach side was way too salty. My pinot noir was great. My gf loved her lobster pasta (it was pretty good). The overall ambiance is nice, but our waiter lacked personality. He was so serious! Unfortunately, I'd rather go to S&W because the sides there are way better and the people are more down to Earth.
4	Outside of the lobster bisque, the food was outstanding! The surf and turf with the filet and lobster were divine. The macaroni and cheese and goose fat potatoes melted in my mouth. OMG!!! Too full for dessert....
2	Of all the places at which I dined in Vegas this week, Strip House was the one disappointment. Two stars is probably a bit low, but the "Meh. I've experienced better." is an accurate sentiment.When I'm paying prices like those of Strip House, I do expect a higher level of food and service, and this place just did not deliver. Our server did his job, but the execution was perfunctory and seemed really rushed. It was laughable when he referred to my friend and I by our first names after cashing us out. I will give kudos to our hostess, who was lovely. Of her own accord, she suggested that we be seated away from a rather noisy table. Regarding the food, my friend's steak was amazing. Mine was not. We both had the small filet, and while hers was gorgeous, mine was really done past medium and nothing special. I know perfectly well that any good Caesar salad dressing includes anchovies, but Strip House's version was WAY too heavy on the fish. Our sides of whipped potatoes and truffled creamed spinach, however, were outstanding.
4	I was surprised by how much I enjoyed my dinner at Strip House.  To begin, it's got a cool vibe.  It is dark, which I usually don't care for, but here I was cool with it.  There are also pictures of pin ups around which added to the vibe.  We were immediately approached by our server and ordered a bottle of wine.  Strip House has a decent selection, certainly not the best when compared to some steakhouses on the strip, but I've seen much worse.  The prices were what you would expect to pay on the strip.  We split the crab cake to start.  This was a solid dish, the cake was crispy and came with plenty of tangy remoulade.  I also liked the corn salsa.  It was also a good size, so each of us had several bites.  To eat, I had one of the specials, the dry aged 14 ounce ribeye.  To begin, all steaks are served with a bulb of roasted garlic, which I love.  The steak was excellent.  Cooked to a perfect medium rare, it had excellent crust on the exterior.  To be able to achieve such a crust without any burning is an impressive feat.  It added to the flavor without adding a charcoal quality.  The steak was juicy and the dry aging was noticeable.  I'm glad I ordered it as opposed to the bone in ribeye on the menu.  The dry aged steak may be smaller, but the flavor more than makes up for what you lose in ounces.On the side, we had the mac and cheese and the potatoes romanoff, or twice baked potatoes au gratin.  The mac and cheese was solid, it was very cheesy and had the requisite string of cheese when you spooned it out of the dish.  Also, a serving contains more than enough for 2 people.  But, the real star was the potatoes.  The parmesan in this dish was fantastic.  It had a nice crusty top and was smooth throughout.  I wish I could create this dish at home.  It's a must order if you are a cheese and/or potato fan.We had a great evening and were well taken care of by our server.  Strip House may not get the pub of some of the other more famous steakhouses on the strip, but it can more than hold its own.
4	Cool vibe: dark interiors with vintage photos of pin-ups on the wall.We dined here with a large party (25 guests) and had an amazing dinner.  One of the guests at our table got the half order of the seafood plateau.  It's an impressive looking dish and crammed with seafood and shellfish served on crushed ice.  I was totally loving the bread basket (lots of variety, all very tasty) since I'm not a huge creepy crawly seafood person.I ordered the Chilean Sea Bass for my main.  Seriously, one of the best fish dinners I've ever had, and I live on Maui.  I eat and serve fish for a living.  The Sea Bass was served on a bed of Jalapeno Potato Puree with a red wine sauce.  It was so delicious that I only gave my boyfriend a single bite.  I usually am much more generous in giving him tastes from my plate, but not with this dish!  He ordered one of the many specials offered: the dry aged ribeye.  It was a tad overcooked, but still incredibly juicy with a killer rub.  All steaks were served a la carte (minus the bulb of roasted garlic on the side of every steak--such a great idea and oh so delicious.  I had to school the table on how to remove the garlic cloves and spread them on each bite of steak, or eat them on their own if you're a garlic lover like me), so we ordered a few things for the table: the signature Strip House Potatoes (twice baked potato gratin), steamed asparagus with Bearnaise Sauce, and Mac & Cheese.  Do yourself a BIG, BIG favor and order those potatoes.  AH-MAY-ZING.  To die for.  Mouth watering. I wish I had some right now.
4	Phenomenal steaks in a cool environment with vintage pinups lining the walls. Very accommodating staff that was attentive to a large group.My 20 oz. bone-in ribeye was cooked to perfection which seems to be hard to do these days. The sides were great such as the creamed spinach and the green beans as well.
5	One of the best tasting filets I've had. If you like yours with a seared, slightly charred exterior and a tender center, give Strip House's filet a try. I thought the meal was very reasonable considering it's quality too. The shrimp cocktail was quite yummy also.
5	Best steak house ever! Really, they have the most flavorful and delicious steaks imaginable!. Just about every time we are in town we eat here. You will not be disappointed.... Enjoy!
3	Good, not great.  Price was a bit high vs. food quality.  A cricket (yes the insect) showed up on our table right after we finished eating.  (Posting a photo.)3 stars is being generous.
5	Sincerre was top, had ripped potatoes. Seabass delicious. Penalolen cabernet. Almost in heaven :-) sauteed spinach too salty. Brian was a great host. 4.5 stars
1	You will have a much better time throwing a couple hundred of your hard earned dollars into a trash bucket on the front porch, dousing it in lighter fluid, and lighting it on fire than eating here! The net result is the same and it will be warmer!First of all, they ask for your CREDIT CARD to place a reservation for four people. I asked why and they said they would charge me if I didn't show up. Okay. So have a fake credit card handy when you call. In my case I "messed up" some numbers and they never said anything about it. We get there and the place is fricken freezing and empty. Glad they would have charged me for ditching a table when I would have been preventing absolutely no one from using it had we not shown. The waitress was frigid. I don't know if it was the extreme cold (it was seriously unbearable in there), her first day, or just her marching orders (be as stern and unapproachable as possible- and above all: no fun), or perhaps she was just having a bad day... But she was not in the mood for any bullshit. You will order. You will eat. You will die. Not necessarily in that order. Food was okay at best, cold when it came out (I wonder why??). Plus, the food is outrageously expensive and you get very little of it. Any review you read about "my meat was cooked to perfection." Get over it, I cook my steaks to perfection on a $99 grill every time at home too so we're not exactly curing cancer over here. A lot of people confuse pretentiousness with good food, and I found the whole atmosphere to be misleading. You're at planet hollywood, on the strip in Vegas, and here you have a restaurant with a silly name taking itself way too seriously.
2	Me came here for NYE dinner 2013. This was our second go-round from the previous NYE. Strip House was also a good choice because it is centrally located on the strip where all the NYE action was going down.So, the good. The service was absolutely awesome. They waited on us hand and food. Loved the complimentary bread basket. That bad boy is as endless as you want it to be. Unfortunately, I think I ate one too many pretzel rolls. Oh well, the heck with it! The jury is still out on the food. The bone in rib-eye was ok. There are definitely much better renditions in Vegas, which is steak house mania. Personally, I think N9NE and even THE Steak House in Circus Circus are better. Surprisingly, the lobster bisque was bland. This was disheartening to me as I love a good lobster bisque. We also order the Caesar salad which was delicious. The bad - Unfortunately, something we at here left us with a bad case of food poisoning. We know because this was the ONLY thing we ate all day. No bueno.Sorry Strip House, you're officially off my Vegas "A" list. For now, N9NE steals the show. We'll have to see if Crafsteak or STRIPSTEAK take the crown.
4	I wasn't sure what to expect from Strip House Steak House but I was pleasantly surprised with my meal here. I came on a Saturday night with some friends that were in town visiting and they were staying at Planet Hollywood. There were not a lot of people inside dining, so I was skeptical, but after everything we had, our group enjoyed our meal.We started with the large seafood tower (would definitely recommend this for large groups) that came with an assortment of shrimp cocktail, oysters, crab legs, lobster tail, and other ceviches. Other notable appetizers included the crab cake, tuna tartare, and lobster bisque. We got a bunch of sides to share with the steaks including the mashed potatoes, string beans, mushrooms, and broccoli. Now for the steaks - definitely surprised with the quality of the steaks, but I would suggest asking them to go light on the salt - it was a little heavy for me. I got the porterhouse for two (shared it with my friend) and it was cooked a very good medium rare. The steaks also came with a roasted garlic, one of my favorite accompaniments to a steak. Finally, dessert - a baked alaska was ordered for the table to share and enjoy.Overall a good steakhouse for those that are staying at Planet Hollywood.
5	I really enjoyed this place. The line to get in seemed a bit long, but it was worth the wait. The food was great, the service was steller (and that was after i spilled a glass of water all over the floor). I had a filet and it was perfectly cooked. I'm not a huge spinach fan but I now understand why pop-eye loved it so much. This place made it really well. It should be a side you plan on ordering when you. Do yourself a favor and placed a reservation on OpenTable or on Yelp to get the time you want. The only downside I experienced was the hostesses seemed to be way too snooty which I really hate about fancy resturants.
3	With 10 million steak houses in Vegas, this place is just ok. Nothing remarkable about the meat or accompaniments.  Its overall very heavy.  And planet hollywood sucks so ya.
5	Excellent service, top notch wine list, and terrific food make this place a great choice!
5	Been to this place 7 times a must go for everyone at least once why in vegas the 16oz steak is the best I have ever had .
5	Every dish was incredible. The Maine lobster linguine, the rib eye, the sides (potato puree and broccolini). The service was very good. The staff was friendly. The ambiance is nice, but the arrangements of some of the photographs can look a bit dated. The drink selection was great. Overall, we had a fabulous time and highly recommend this place!
4	Spent Valentines here with my hubby and our bff's  who are also married! We got there around 11:00pm and that was excellent because it permitted us to watch a movie first! The food was phenomenal! We had fresh oysters, the prime age rib-eye, filet mignons, shredded twiced baked potatoes, whipped potatoes, calamari, GEESH, and creamed spinach.. I am a bit ashamed because i didn't know we ate so much. Oh geez and not to go without mention they have a fabulous full bar we indulged our selves in Coronas, Cognac/ Hen-dog, and Adios Mutha F*#kas!! All tasty and got the body warming. The food was cooked to perfection and the atmosphere was great. Our server was Sarah and she was great ! The manager was rude about us being there late, but ill take that up w her boss on Monday! $430 tab plus tip close to $500 for the dinner... id say it was worth the flavors and experience!!
3	Food was amazing however the service was the absolute worst service I have ever had in a 5 star restaurant.  Food came out before the cocktails and the server could only say "I don't make the drinks".
2	I have had better food at cheaper prices. The atmosphere was cool... quite loud. I was expecting more from the food... for the price. There was 5 of us and our bill was almost $500 with no alcohol. I have had better.
2	The service was horrible here!The decor was nice inside and food was decent but I had a horrible experience here. Our server was always rushing and it made our party feel unwelcomed. He would leave the table before the last two people could order their drinks. The food was average, my filet was very salty - I had no more than 3 bites and ordered the caprese salad, which was amazing. It could have just been I came on the wrong night, many of the items we wanted to order such as fish, specialty drinks and a few appetizers were all sold out. But it was only 7:00pm? I had a bite of the 24 layer chocolate cake which was pretty good but rich, needed a glass of milk to go with it. Not sure if I would come back here or recommend it, I would rather go to Gordan Ramsey's.
4	Ate here after searching for the place for some time. I am one of those man's man guys that is too stupid to figure out where something is before just randomly looking...and heaven forbid I ask anybody.But I digress.  I ate here because of the cake...believe it or not.  Yeah the zillion layer chocolate cake was good and they had to amputate my legs from too much sugar yada yada yada.  If you go here for the cake then you miss the point.  The steak is amazing.  Other restaurants may be able to cook a steak perfectly like the Strip House, but they do not have the same seasoning.  It tasted like a salt/garlic blend of seasonings that enhanced the steak to a point that it was unlike any I have had.  I would be able to tell you more about the seasoning if I could have seen it in light...why is it so dark in here?Decor and atmosphere reminded me of a place that is nice and dressy, but also a place where a major mob hit would have taken place.  That somehow appealed to me.  If you see some old guy in a nice suit in a dark corner then they are probably planning some point shaving scam or hasseling the teamsters.  But what am I saying?  Every corner in this place is dark...every inch of this place is dark.  Well worth the visit.  You will feel right at home if you just came out of the optometrist....good steak though.
4	Went here for dinner on 3/5. This place was happening on a wednesday evening. Must have been the Nascar or other convention that brought in the troops. Ambience: nice setup and vibe. Can be flexible with different type of dinners (ie romantic, business, etc. ). Noticed some nice private rooms. Not your typical stuffy steakhouse. A tad on the noisier side. But all in all, nice vibe. Service: for the most part, it wad pretty good. We were seated right away when put party arrived. When another friend joined us late, a seat was quickly added. Our server came right away. However, service started slowing down as the restaurant got more business. We actually had to flag someone down for the dessert menu. Food came out at a decent pace. Food: was pretty good. Highlights for me included the seafood combo appitizer (2 jumbo shrimp and jumbo lump crab meat). Loved the crabmeat (2oz). I got the dry aged ribeye (medium rare) and it was a tad over cooked to a medium. Still very nice flavor. Friends really enjoyed the salmon (not sure i would ever order salmon at a steakhouse). Best sides were the mac n cheese and the bacon cream of spinach. That spinach was phenomenal. Value: typical high end steak house prices. I would visit this place again if i was staying at PH
5	This was my last night of my birthday weekend. I wanted to go somewhere nice. I heard about their chocolate cake and had to have a piece. My son and I were seated at a booth type seat. Not my favorite seating. A girl next to us was drunk and was very annoying. Not the restaurants fault. The waiter was very polite and sophisticated. We each had a very nice cocktail. We both ordered the special, surf and turf. It consisted of a 6 oz. filet and a 1 lb. lobster tail.  We had the pureed potatoes as our side order. It was presented beautifully. They also served drawn butter and their special steak sauce. The steak was cooked to perfection. The lobster was laid out beautifully on the plate. It also was cooked perfectly. We decided to take the cake to go. One piece is enough to serve 4-5 people. I was a little disappointed in the cake. It was to rich. Overall it was outstanding. It's not cheap, that's for sure. But if you are celebrating a special day I would suggest them highly.
3	A little conflicted about the rating here as the food was really good.  But where the food merited a better rating, I couldn't bring myself to rate higher than three for the value.  And not 'Vegas' value, but compared against other high end steak houses it prices against.  That being said, here we go: 16 Oz NY Strip, medium:  very good, pink throughout with no trace of red, cooked to perfection.  Seasoning for me was fine, but I like things with a little zest, others may find it overly seasoned or salted.  Even so, it really only served as a crust and did not detract from the flavor of the meat itself.  Good cut, minimal marbling, but enough to provide some flavor.  The creamed spinach with bacon was simply amazing; flavored with garlic, truffle oil and large pieces of bacon throughout; I would highly recommend it.  Whipped potatoes and Potatoes Romanov were good, but paled in comparison to the spinach.  ides are served in very small portions, probably enough for two but no more.  Which, for the spinach was a crime.  No dessert tonight.  Service was excellent as well, Chris was our waiter and he was attendant and professional and as good as any I have seen at any similar establishment.  Liked the Vargas girl styled photos throughout as well. To summarize: Food was 3.5 stars ( down from 4 due to the 2 sides which were 'meh')'  service was 5 and value was around a 3 at best, hence the overall rating.
5	Excellent in every aspect!
2	Before I get into my review, I would like to say that in March 2014, I had a great dinner with friends at Strip House, and would have given a 5 star review.  However, I was just at Strip House with my girlfriend on May 4, 2014, after telling her how amazing it was, and my experience was quite different and disappointing, and thus far, management does not seem to care.  We had 8pm reservations at Strip House and 10pm show tickets.  I had been waiting for this dinner since March, it was so good.  When we arrive, we are seated and once our waiter comes, he informs us that they are out of many key menu items, including the oysters, tomato and mozzarella, and...wait for it...ALL FILETS OF ANY SIZE.  I think they were out of 1 or 2 other dishes too, but I was too angry to hear at that point.  WTF?!?  How do they not call people with reservations and let them know this ahead of time!  This is an expensive restaurant and they should know better!But now it is 8:30, the show is in 90 minutes, and we have no time to find someplace else.  We tried, nicely, to let the waiter know how disappointed we were, and while he is a nice kid, he clearly has no "outside the box" thinking ability.  He should have talked to management (of course management would probably be useless, and they didn't handle the situation at all ahead of time) and gotten something meaningful taken off the bill, or, perhaps as The Capital Grille once did when they admitted their steak was not up to par on a given night, offered a $100 voucher for next time.  IT IS CALLED VALUING YOUR CUSTOMER WHEN THEY COULD GO SOMEWHERE ELSE.  Try building LOYALTY.I did write on Open Table about this, and put in a request that the restaurant contact me and see how to rectify it.  I am certainly someone who can roll with the punches, and of course I realize that a restaurant may run out of certain SPECIAL items, but a STEAK restaurant in VEGAS running out of STEAK??  No, that it NOT acceptable, at least not without their showing the customer appreciation for how unfortunate the situation was, and hoping that they will not choose one of SEVERAL other very good (if not better) options, they next time that customer chooses to spend that kind of money on dinner.I would be happy to amend this review, if and when someone contacts me and makes this situation right.  Oh, and to add insult to injury, my girlfriend ended up getting the sea bass, which came with her being VIOLENTLY ill in the middle of the night and all next day.  Food poisoning?  I will not go so far as to claim that 100%, but we weren't drinking to excess, and it just capped off a night of culinary and management disappointment.
2	This is a very expensive steakhouse in Las Vegas that runs out of STEAK (as well as 4-5 other important menu items) & doesn't even apologize sincerely.  It was only 8pm and not even particularly busy. Epic Fail. There are plenty of great steakhouses in Las Vegas. Good luck!
5	We decided to partake in some gentlemen's shenanigans during a bachelor party in Vegas.  After walking in with a stack full of ones, we were surprised to find out the full name of the place was Strip House...Steak House.  Wakka wakka.Undeterred we decided to have prix fixe dinner in one of the private rooms.  Our event planner Gabe was awesome and we were able to have some tastefully Photoshop'd artwork affixed to the menus.  As for atmosphere, all I can think of is red.  TLC Red Light Special red, which I suppose goes well with medium rare steaks and red wine flowing.  It's more club chic than steakhouse really.  The private room itself was nice as it pretty much shut out all outside noise once the door was closed.  This proved vital as a fellow female patron was apparently 1 or 5 cocktails in, but who's counting.If you're hungry you're going to love the prix fixe menu.  The 14oz Dry Aged Rib Eye is not bone-in.  So yes, that is 14oz of pure unadulterated bovine ready to make sweet love to your cheeks.  One of the salad selections was the Roasted Bacon salad.  The term "salad" being used very loosely.  Okay, it was essentially three big slabs of bacon with a small mound of greens because the chef thought "why not, yolo."  Simply brilliant.   I haven't even gotten to the desserts, which include a chocolate cake bigger than some household pets.  If you do a prix fixe menu here, there's is no way you will leave without a food baby gestating in your stomach.  So if you're planning to go to the club after, leave a couple hours buffer to drink some coffee and flush your system.  Otherwise that $1000 bottle minimum will be no bueno.  Trust.The service itself is top notch.  Our waiter shared some war stories and everything came out fairly fast and on-point.  As for price, I'd say it's reasonable considering all the food, the private room, and the customized menus.  Overall, great place to have a bachelor party dinner.
5	This was our last night in vegas dinner. 4 of us had no plans and no reservations. We walked up to look at the menu and a very sweet hostess Invited us in and said we could take a table in the bar/lounge. It was very comfortable, fun decor. A nice homage to the New York steakhouses we all love. White dinner jackets on the bread boy etc.The food was great. We all had steaks. All were perfectly seasoned and cooked. No salt or pepper was necessary. Even their own steak sauce wasn't needed, it was good, but not needed to drown a bad or poorly cooked steak.The creamed spinach...well...let's just say I had to take a moment. It was a sort of religious experience. But seriously, it was really good. A great play on a classic steakhouse side.Good food, good service, definitely a do again.
4	One of the finer steakhouses on the strip, out of the way in the Planet Hollywood Casino. Superb service and really great food
1	Although the food was delicious, we had some issues with customer service. We ordered a $70 bottle of wine. Pointed to it on the menu. When the bill came the bottle of wine we got was $115. We said we had an issue with the bill to our server he promptly sluffed us off to the manager who was bent on proving us wrong. She brought the bill along with the menu to show us what we received which was NOT the wine we ordered. We were adamant that we ordered a different wine by the same name which was less expensive. She wouldn't budge. Even after several times stating we did not order the more expensive variety she still would not budge. She ended up comping a drink but that did not nearly cover the almost $40 difference between the bottle we ordered and the bottle we received. Definitely feel as though it is the server's responsibility to clarify which bottle you are ordering if there are multiple bottles of the same brand. Left very frustrated.
2	4 stars?  LOL!  Very pretentious with music way too loud for a fine dining experience.  First third of the experience we were showered with attention from the waiter and bus boys.  Then they all disappeared for most of the rest of the meal, even had to move our own empty plates out of the way after 5 minutes.  The chateaubriand was a half ass piece of meat; I've had better taste from Walmart.  The cook likes to char the edges with salt and pepper and that made the outside of the meat inedible to myself.  All in all what a waste of money; we could have had 4 decent buffets for the same price.  The worst thing of all, going back to that pretentious atmosphere...the waiter committed the cardinal sin of not coming back and asking if everything was okay with our meal.  Even a diner waitress usually has this down.  I could stay in the hotel again, but would never set foot in this charade in the future.
4	Went there with friends, had the seafood plateu, wasnt too bad, we are seafood lovers so their blue point oysters were just OK, we had better in a cheaper place which was suprisingly weird, bc it is a very expensive restaurant we thought they would be bigger and nice and plumbed but they weren't. Their tuna salad was also OK, had better in a sushi place. The boys had a steak, they said it was amazing. The place was not packed on Thursday night, we didn't have reservations so they just took us in, which was nice of them!!!
5	Delicious!  Was it expensive? Compare to what, Ramsay's in Paris Hotel? Not at all.  Ramsay's was good, but to me, Strip House blew them away.   I had the long bone to share with my daughter and we both love it.    The food, the service, the presentation was outstanding.
3	On a Friday night where all the other steakhouses were booked, this one had an availability instantly when we called. Upon arrival I felt that our server was too preoccupied with his other table. When he was telling us their specials and asking us for drink orders, he was glancing and looking continuously at that table next to ours (a table of about 10 bachelors). We had to repeat our orders for him to even acknowledge them. On to our food, we ordered the calamari which was actually raved about by our server, but was mediocre at best. We had the shrimp cocktail and oysters on the half shell. Both were okay; the oysters didn't look too appealing but were indeed fresh. We shared the bone-in rib eye and their filet & lobster tail dish. The kitchen had split our orders without us asking which was nice of them. We also ordered the crisp goose fat potatoes which I do not recommend, and the whipped potatoe puree which was good! There wasn't anything spectacular about their sauteed green beans and garlic either. All in all, I probably would not venture back here.
4	Found this place on Yelp, decided to give it a try. We were a bit wary at first because the place was pretty empty, but we decided to give it a try, and I'm glad we did. Our waiter promptly greeted us and went over the menu. We ordered a bottle of wine, which was kept chilled at our table, which was nice. My boyfriend and I ordered the porter house for 2, and a couple of sides. Our steak was cooked perfectly, and the truffle spinach was delicious!Had we had more room, we would have tried dessert, but we were stuffed! Prices are high, but it is a steak house, so that being said, prices are not out of line for the service and quality.
4	We had wedding anniversary reservations at Double Eagle Steak House but we arrived in Vegas too late so I had to cancel. So...we came here instead. We were staying at Aria in City Center so it was a quick walk over to PH. The food at Strip House was superb! We ordered the Roasted Bacon appetizer, no regrets there.  I had the filet mignon and upgraded by adding two giant buttery sea scallops for my steak topper. Divine. Husband had the New York Strip and we shared the wonderful potatoes romanoff. I couldn't finish the meal so forget about dessert. The bread basket kept getting refilled and I had a Margarita while my husband had red wine.I liked the interior decor. It was dark and felt very old Hollywood. Lots of red and black. The Ladies bathroom was very quaint. Overall a very memorable experience!
5	Awesome place for a nice steak dinner. We had tuna tartare for an appetizer, which was very delicious and flavorful. For entrees we ordered New York strip which was out of this world amazing and rack of lamb, which was good, but not outstanding. For sides we had goose fat fried potato, it was just fine, but creamy spinach with truffle oil is a must,  Incredibly delicious!! Overall 5 stars for food and incredible service. Highly recommend this place!
5	Best Steakhouse! Bone - in Ribeye was cooked perfectly and was definitely took center stage. The Romanoff potatoes were very flavorful and could be considered a main dish.  Our serve Chris provided excellent and friendly service.
4	Just about a carbon copy of their restaurant in lower Manhattan..that we have dined at a few times over the past few years. beautifully decorated....quiet and respectful.....delicious food...excellent service and very expensive. Its supposed to be designed like you are dining in a very high end bordello. Cannot say a bad word about our experience. I had the bone in rib eye($54)...juicy and full of flavor. My wife had her usual salmon....said it melted in her mouth. My son had the 16 oz. NY strip and declared it very very good. to start..our drinks were potent and made correctly. two us split a Caesar salad. we all shared the creamed spinach and the goose fat potatoes. No room left for dessert. Its a pretty standard steakhouse experience but I say that in a positive way. You get what you pay for..and what you get here are really good meals!!
5	Excellent steak house. The food and service was perfect. I had a bone in filet mignon and it was to die for. i also had a dessert, maybe apple crostada and it was delicious. everything was made to a very high standard. would definetely come back. i had an ice tea in a bottle and it was delicious.
5	While I was skeptical at first, I am very satisfied and impressed with my visit Strip House. The ambiance is very nice, semi-dark with a low-key feel away from a lot of noise.The food was excellent, from the shrimp cocktail to the entree through dessert, everything hit the right mark. My girlfriend and I both had the filet (sans-bone) and the preparation was great.Per recommendation from our very attentive waiter (John), we decided on the Caramelized Banana Tart for dessert and it was delicious.I've dined at several Vegas steak houses and Strip House ranks at the same level of the greats!
4	Good food and cool atmosphere!
5	HIDDEN GEMTo be brief- the joint is top flight. The service is not only excellent it is quick (a rare find in higher end Vegas spots). When we picked this place I feared we wasted a meal and just settled for something close. After eating there I know we found a new "go to" spot. Can't say enough good things. Five stars all around when I was there.
5	I use Yelp all the time to find new places to eat, especially when I am out of town. But this is the first time I felt motivated to post a review of my own. My wife and I went to Strip House for our 30th anniversary dinner. We left there feeling like it was one of the best meals we had ever experienced.First, ask for John to be your waiter. As good as the meal was, John put it over the top. He took time to explain multiple dishes to us, and he went out of his way to make our night very special. My wife even hugged him after dinner, he was that good. Thanks John!My wife had a basic meal of fillet and baked potato. Both were amazing. The steak was as soft as butter. I had the featured bone-in fillet that had cheese crusted on the top and a balsamic reduction below - amazing! I also took John's recommendation of the gnocchi as a side dish. It had a delicious creamy sauce and shaved truffles on top - awesome!To top it off, John brought us a slice of 20? layer chocolate cake for dessert (complimentary). It was on a beautiful plate that had "Happy 30th Anniversary" painted in chocolate. It also had a scoop of vanilla gelato. We were stuffed, but we ate about 2/3 of it. It was a delicious end to our meal.We have been to lots of very fine steak houses. I would put this up against any of them. Pair the great food with the great service and this was one our best dining experiences ever.
4	Had dinner before a show we split a crab cake appetizer, 20oz steak and potatoes romanoff and the 2 of us could not finish it all! Great foodRestaurant decor was sexy and modernWaiter was ok fast service but not personable
2	Wasn't too happy with my Filet - was very dry and way too much pepper crust on the outside.  My husband enjoyed his NY Strip, though.The steak sauce on the side was a little too sweet for me.  Sides were meh.Was an ok experience - not sure I'd come back again.
5	Hands down one of the best dining experiences of my life. Everything about this place was absolutely phenomenal. A must try!
5	One of the best if not the best ever Bone In Rib Eye Ive ever had. There wasnt a bad bite of that steak. It was cooked to perfection. Great stop on the book tour to a some what hidden away gem upstairs in Planet Hollywood.
5	My boyfriend and I came here before the Britney concert. We were running so late and only had 20 minutes before the concert started. Terrible planning on our part. But the host and server were very understanding. They sat us pretty quickly and the server was helpful in picking things that would come out quickly. We knew we were going to be a little late to the concert, but we were pretty hungry so we accepted that. It actually turned out better than we thought. They had us in and out and we only ended up missing about 15mins of the show. The food was great. We got the jumbo shrimp cocktail, calamari, 20 oz. bone-in rib eye, truffle spinach and a Caesar salad with a 14oz steak filet on the side. Everything was well seasoned and tasted perfect. Even though we were in a bit of a hurry the experience was great.
5	Fantastic! Our waiter "Scott" was great!  Our Steaks were cooked to perfection, so tender. Our Salmon was delicious and juicy not dry! The calamari is Devine, tomato & mozzarella is great as well! Definitely started our night off right!
5	I don't understand how this only had 4 stars.  From Lynn who helped us with the reservation, to our waiter John, who was knowledgeable & friendly, it all made for a memorable experience.  Our filets, and lobster were perfect and the baked Alaska and choclate cake topped off a wonderful evening.  Definitely go and check them out!!!Kudos and thanks!!!
5	My husband and I booked this restaurant for our wedding anniversary dinner after our vow renewal at the Aria.   Everyone loved the food.   And we couldn't beat the price for group dining.   If you are looking for a dinner reception or a small private dinner this is definitely the place.
2	Tried to like it. Steak was way too salty. They tried to fix it, but the next steak came out way over done. Chocolate cake looked good.
3	The steak was cook well understand that there are much better options in vegas to eat.
2	Was not impressed we came there with a very large party and the food was nothing to write home about. My ny strip had too much pepper and way to much salt the side dishes were nothing special
5	Amazing food fantastic service chilled out atmosphere would recommend to anyone. Reasonable price. Best steak and service around on the strip.
5	Last night, my girlfriend and I decided to go to Strip House for our 5 year anniversary. And are we glad we did! Not only was the porterhouse melt-in-your-mouth, but the service was also top notch. We would like to extend our thanks to Troy, our excellent server. We will definitely be returning here, and asking for Troy, and this time we won't wait another 5 years.
3	We had a dinner reservation prior to seeing a show and we still had to wait about 15 minutes for our table. Oysters were fresh and delicious. Steak was a perfect medium rare with a fabulous crust, and the creamed spinach and Mac and cheese were amazing. Service at our table was spotty, with long wait times every step of the way, to get menus, order, take care of the bill, even though the staff knew we were going to a show. I may return if I don't have plans following dinner since the food was so good, but service needs to improve.
5	This place is a hidden gem! We had an amazing corporate dinner here and it was fantastic! I ordered the lobster ravioli plate and it was just perfect. Was a very great dinner especially for our group of 15+ fast service and great experience.
4	I did want to update my review and say management did contact me and were very apologetic.  I did receive a gift card and will use it when I am in Vegas again soon.  I am hoping my next trip to Strip House will be more like my first, as that was amazing.
5	Strip House Steak is nothing short of life reaffirming beef. I had a late dinner Friday night at the bar, and enjoyed every bite of my meal. Mark, the bartender, was extremely jovial, entertaining, and offered an exceptionally high level of service. I began my meal with the scallops. The order came with two large scallops over a buttery froth with some grains and soybeans. Every bite was perfect, the slimy texture of the scallops was complemented by the crunch of the beans, and the heartiness of the grains. Next I had their version of a wedge salad with blue cheese dressing. It was delicious, a whole chunk of wedge covered with shaved red onions, chopped bacon, and a creamy Stilton cheese dressing. It was one of the best takes on a classic steakhouse wedge salad that I have ever had. Lastly, I had the 12 ounce filet mignon cooked rare plus. This was the crowning jewel of the meal. The steak was thick and heavily crusted with the perfect amount of salt, and black pepper before being seared at what I can only imagine was an extremely high temperature. The steak shredded with only a fork, and melted in my mouth with an exquisite texture. To accompany the steak there was a roasted garlic clove, which combined in sparing quantities with each bite of steak added an extra dimension of flavor. Overall, Strip House Steak is somewhat of a hidden gem for being right on the vegas strip. I found it to be a little bit more reasonably priced than some of the better known alternatives, and every bit as good.
4	Came here for my wife's birthday and it was a great experience. Food was perfectly cooked. Amanda was our waitress and she was great, very attentive and did everything to ensure we were taken care of!
3	For $90 a person go somewhere else! We got the sirloin which was good but not worth the price. Nothing special about it really..... We also ordered two sides: green beans and mashed potato which was something I could make at home. Nothing special again.....you are paying for atmosphere which is dim and modern paintings all around. the pretzel bread was the best thing here.... but very average for the price....It is located inside Planet Hollywood on the second floor. Service was excellent but they were super slow so it better have been.We should have gone somewhere else but we were starving and this was the closest place. It was not bad just not what I was expecting for the price.
5	My wife and I visited again this past week and couldn't wait to make a trip back to Strip House. We asked for John S. again as our service on our 1st visit as I mentioned was amazing.This 2nd time was no different. We both had the NY Strip steaks again and they were excellent!! Although we ordered our steaks well-done, they still packed alot of flavor and were very juicy. The crust over the steak was perfect and the accompanying garlic cloves with each bite made for a very flavorful bite each time.We both had caesar salads to begin with which even something as small as a salad taste great. I had the garlic herb fries and my wife a baked potato.Of course we had the 24-layer chocolate cake again and couldn't finish it between the both of us. I'm not really a sweets or cake lover, but I always enjoy that cake. The entire meal was great and John was on top of every detail throughout our dinner, as always. Not sure of our next trip back to Vegas, but when we do we will keep requesting for John. Thanks again and see you guys again hopefully very soon.A definite must try and visit, well worth the money.
4	Been coming to Strip House for a few years now off and on when I'm in Vegas. As always, the service is great and the food is quality. Great wine and drink selection. The atmosphere is warm, yet private. I'll continue to come back here.
5	I have to say this steakhouse is truly amazing. The Chateaubriand which can be shared was so juicy and delicious.
4	The New York cut is amazing. Cooked perfectly. The server was very attentive with whom provided great service. A revisit for sure.
5	Where do I start?Girl in the front gave the best seats :) I think we might have had the best waiter in the place. Drinks were perfect and good was amazing! guaranteed the greatest service I have ever received! Can't wait until next time!
