1	Have to agree; probably the worst place for "seafood" around. And the corporate atmosphere reminds me of outback or chilis.... enough said.
2	Talk about annoying - the wait staff, especially. No, it's not the service. It's the gimmicky, corny and self-humiliating "dances" they perform for their customers every few minutes. I guess eating mediocre food in peace isn't good enough. The disco, flashing lights come on. That's your warning. It's also a free headache, compliments of Joe's. Then, there's clapping, hooraying, twisting, turning to music like the Village People. Absurd. The food isn't that much better, either. Instead of a headache, you get to walk away with an upset stomach. Maybe it's the combo. Smile and nod. "Yes, I'd like to order the Bucket of Shrimp with the I Want to Puke Music and Dancing." So, why 2 stars? Beer. It's about beer - all about beer. Since it's Oct, everyone and their mother has a special pumpkin ale available. The one in the pic on the menu looked like the perfect mix to wash down bad service and even badder (yes, i said it) food. The waitress recommended Sam Adam's Oktoberfest instead. She brought me two huge samples of each... they probably both, together, made up a 1/2 pint! I was buzzed before I placed my order! She was right, though. Sam Adam's is what to order. I picked at my crab-stuffed shrimp, polished off the steamed veggies and washed the rice down with Oktoberfest that, almost, made the entire experience worth it. What i wouldn't give right now for another pint of Oktoberfest. (But I'll be damned if I'm going back to Joe's to get it.)
1	Joe's Crap Shack is a more accurate name for this overpriced, tasteless restaurant. I'm not sure what we were thinking when we decided to eat lunch here yesterday. One of my dining companions was lured by the word "crab" and a stomach twisting hunger, so we stopped in. Everything on the menu sounded good in theory, but it didn't pan out so well in practice. For $9.95, I expected the crab cake sandwich to be almost a work of art- succulent crab, perfectly spiced and neatly fried. Instead, the sandwich was a lukewarm lump, devoid of flavor, unless you count the lingering aftertaste of old fish. The remoulade sauce served with the sandwich was tasty with fries, but it did nothing to save the sandwich from the pits of nastiness. The crunchy fish sandwich is usually served with cheese. I asked for mine without, but regretted it immediately. The fish fillets were the blandest I have ever had, and the cheese probably provides the only flavor this sandwich has. Honestly, i've had better fish fillets from the frozen section of the grocery store. Another thing to dislike about the crunchy fish sandwich is the fact that they didn't serve tartar sauce or any other condiment with it. Who has a dry fish sandwich? Blech.  The blackened tuna sandwich looked promising when it arrived at the table, with  inch thick slab of tuna steak sitting atop the bun. One bite shattered that notion. The fish was dry and overcooked, while the blackening spice seemed to be more likely ground up charcoal. No taste. The one redeeming aspect to our lunch was the crab dip. That was really tasty, but I doubt if i'd return for just that. Skip Joe's Crap Shack if you're in the mood for ocean critters. I wish we had. I felt dirty and cheap after paying our $46 lunch bill and walked out of the place very unsatisfied, and a little pissed.
1	Their crappy fish gave my wife food poisoning and their harem of ASU whores made me want to vomit myself. (Not to mention the blue dye they have in their fake pond outside. What the hell is that about?)I will never go to this horrid place again.
1	HORRIBLE!  I was sick for two days after eating here. I was so sad, because I loved Joe's Crab Shack in Oklahoma City.  The decor is the only thing this place had in common with it.  The food was bland, and I missed two days of work from eating it.
4	Went there with some friends for lunch after a PodcampAZ meeting. Had the Crab Cake Chipotle Caesar Salad. It was pretty good, nice southwestern twist on the caesar. I'm sorry those other reviewers had such a bad experience. The waitress was friendly and even with 6 of us we weren't waiting too long for food or service at all. To be fair it wasn't very busy either at 1:30 in the afternoon on a Saturday. Had a good time, would go again.
3	I've been to one of these in San Diego and we had a group go in today after a meetup.Quick food service, waitress and staff very nice, manager came around to see if everything was alright.  Food was good and plentiful but it turned out being $17.40 for a Dr. Pepper and Fettucini Alfredo Shrimp... can get the same thing at Chili's for like $11...  Idk did'nt seem like $20+ with tip was worth it  - just sayin
2	Joe's Crab Shack is the kind of place you try once and never think about it again.  The food is nothing impressive, the atmosphere is a bit gimmicky, and the service isn't the best.Although they give you enough food to cover their prices, it's not exactly the best seafood place in Arizona.  Then again, we do live in the desert!
3	Went to Joe's for a seafood fix. Living in Phoenix we weren't expecting it to nock our socks off therefore we weren't disappointed. The service was good. I got the shark bite drink it was good but not very strong. Three of us split two crab buckets. We had the Sam Adams with crab,clams, sausage and corn and potatoes. It was good but not anything memorable. The other bucket I didn't have much of but it featured a different kind of crab that was spicier and better flavor then the Sam Adams in my opinion. The environment is fun and the service was good.
4	I liked Joe's Crab shack; the waitstaff were always friendly to us and made sure the food was good and the drinks flowed.  I thought the crab was delicious and plenty of it.  The crab pots are fun and full of good non crab food as well.
2	Fish dish was decent but really salty.  Didn't like the taste of the broccoli. The green beans were very good.
1	Soooo disappointing! I've been to this one and one in Tucson, same story! Over priced buckets. The crab legs are thin and flimsy. My veggies and potatoes were over salted with chunks of sea salt!! Yuck!
4	Went there on a Saturday night. There were pretty busy we waited about 20 mins. Love the decor! I ordered mange strawberry freeze it wasn't that good. I preferred the one at Taco's Bell. But the food was delicious. Some of the comments claimed the food was salty since I like salty food it was perfect. But in general it might be a little too salty for other people. Appetizer was yummy. We got a platter. My favorite was crab dip? I don't remember the name but it was sooo good! The steam pot was big. My boyfriend order some fish and shrimps the portion was huge for the price we even have leftover! Manager made his round twice to check on the customers which was very nice. But our server which I don't know his name wasn't that great. Definetly going back there again for my seafood fix. Yummy and Messy crab juice!
2	I'm kinda bummed that this place lived up to the bad reviews. The hosts seemed to have no clue what they were doing. They seated tables that were obviously still dirty which was gross. The drinks took a while and the food took 25 minutes. The server was cute and friendly but didn't save the meal unfortunately. The staff stopped and danced which was cute but I wish they had payed a little more attention to their tables instead. I ordered the blackened mahi sandwich. It came with a big piece of fish on a cheap bun with lettuce and tomato. It needed something else. I had to use the sauce from my friends crab cake sandwich to give it more flavor. A manager came and checked on us but only briefly. I wish the experience was better than it was. Unfortunately I probably won't go back here.
2	I am sad to say that I used to love this francise. The casual, tie-dyed, cheeky, dancy atmosphere has just gone flat. The corporate boredom has set in. I was in here last week and it seemed as though the staff went out of their way to be unobservant of our waiting to be seated, with my girlfriend being brushed aside by a staff member going toward the bathrooms without so much as a greeting/acknowledgement.After half flagging someone down (who seemed quite irritated to be bothered by our presence) we were shown to a seat near the bar. We waited for a moment and our drink order was taken promptly. After that we chatted. Waiting for our server to come take our meal order, we chatted through many subjects....then crickets. Looking around, there didn't seem to be a server in our area. The bartender occasionally would look in our direction. Finally, the bartender came over and asked if we were ready to order. Waiting waiting waiting again. The meal took close to 40  minutes to come out. The salad for my girlfriend came out at the same time as the meal, and after the food finally arrived, the bartender, and manager were at our table asking how everything was about every 5 minutes or so. In all, not a positive experience. My girlfriend's salad was more dressing than anything else. The food was so-so, but the service was dismal.With all the good places out there ready to be gracious and welcoming, I can't suggest this as a place to drop your hard earned cash.
3	Being a displaced Jersey Shore girl (the year round residents, not the wankers from up north and NY who comprise the cast of the MTV show of the same name)  I have grown up knowing that the best basic seafood comes from little run down looking places, especially fish markets with a few tables outside the front door. I'm not talking about seafood that is done as a form of art such as Eric Ripert executes at Le Bernardin- I'm talking minimal preparation with little more than lemon juice, butter and Old Bay seasoning.  The kind of food you get at the legendary Berkeley Seafood Market in South Seaside Park, or used to get at Spike's market in Point Pleasant before they changed hands and raised prices a decade ago.I've never been a fan of corporate restaurants, and derisively refer to Red Lobster as the Frog Lobster.  My first experience with Joe's was in Toledo, OH, when they opened up in 1996. Back then they had an overly unctious crab soup my ex was enamored of, and more raw bar offerings.One thing that has been consistent however is the coconut shrimp, and that's why I go there. Unlike most chains and non chains alike that buy the coconut shrimp frozen and pre-breaded, Joe's breads their shrimp to order as fried shrimp should be breaded.  The other thing I order is the Beantown Bake steampot, as it has two "cricket" lobsters as we call them back east plus some steamed littleneck clams just like an old time clambake.  I could care less about the sausage but it's edible, and the shrimp are okay too as are the seasoned potatoes and the half ear of corn. For the price though the lobster and clams shine- here in AZ a person can't go to the supermarket and buy two lobsters for the price that the steampot costs at Joe's ($38.50 less than four weeks ago.)I confess I don't bother to order any of the fish filets or other items at Joe's, but I will say that they get the straightforward items right- crisp fries, fresh coleslaw without too much vinegar, sugar, salt or mayo and balanced in flavor and I do like the chutney like dip for the coconut shrimp. My bf has been going to Florida for over 60 years and he likes the fried shrimp so it must be decent.  Maybe I'll go there the next time I get a yen for classic fish and chips, but living in Buckeye it's easier to just do that at home.So, everything in life being relative, if you're looking for basic fresh seafood prepared simply, eat at Joe's. Anything more elaborate, wait until you're in a town on a coast.
1	I will never return to this restaurant.  I have seen the commercials and decided to try the place out.  1st thing that I noticed was that every plate is 1/2 full with fries and/or fried onions.  I love fries and fried onions but when I'm paying around $17-20+ a plate the fries had better come on an extra plate.  I felt like the food was mediocre for the expensive price.I decided to return again and ordered the crab cakes, big mistake.  The things smelled and tasted rancid, and I'm not using that term figuratively.  They exchanged them for some fired shrimp but the damage had been done.  Again the prices were way too much for below par food and the amount of plate filler is unacceptable.To top it off both times I was there the place seems to have staff, mainly teenagers, standing around chatting but no one is doing any work.  Bad food, high prices and poor service pretty much sums up this gem.  If you're in the mood for seafood I would strongly recommend against this place.
4	Crab in the micraddle of the desert?!!! i know - right?Still, the crab pots are great.  They show up at our table and there is a hush for about a half hour as we crack, crack, crack away.  Dungeness crabs are the best, being as I'm from the SF bay area I may be a bit prejudice, but try them all and just try to disagree with me, go ahead, do it.Fried calamari was good.  Atmosphere is loud and fun.  I enjoy sitting at a table with a bucket right in the middle of the table for shell disposal.  Sat at a picnic bench their once and will NOT do that again, bum was sore afterwards.Friendly servers.
3	It was fine.  Most anything tastes good in butter.
1	While I love seafood, I'm afraid I have to agree with the previous poster - had a horrible experience here with one of the Crab Pot dishes - one thing about seafood such as crab, mussels, etc., is that it needs to be very well cooked, or one is asking for trouble!  My dish was not, and as a result, I found plenty of trouble!  It's too bad, because we had gone here in September of 2010, and it was much better.  Things seem to have really gone downhill since then.
4	I just love Joe's.  Service isn't always perfect but the food is.  Spicey Dungeness Crap Pot and a cold Bud Light. MMM, I am in heaven.  It does get busy so be prepared to wait on Friday and Saturday nights.
1	The food and the service at this "restaurant" are equally terrible.  The last time I was there, which will BE the last time I ever go there, we waited 10 minutes to order drinks.  We waited even longer to GET our drinks.  This didn't even include ordering food, much less GETTING it.  The waiters/waitresses were always hanging out by the bar, laughing it up and completely ignoring their customers.  The food is very bland.  The crab legs tasted like they had been sitting in a freezer for a while.  Poor service, terrible food, don't waste your time or money going to this one!
2	I've tried this place a few times, that was my last time. The food is not good to me.
3	The food was fantastic. The service was very poor. The manager greeted and checked on my table several times and left his business card. Kinda weird. The employees dancing and clapping can get ridiculous pretty quick.
1	So absolutely disappointing.
3	Salmon was a good portion and delicious, but the broccoli and potatoes weren't fresh at all.
4	My husband took me to Joes Crab Shack for the first time and I had a good time. The tables were clean and there was not a overly strong fish smell. I ordered Joe's Classic Steampot and enjoyed it thoroughly. The food was flavorful and the shrimp were a decent size. I also ordered a side of crawfish, but it did not taste right. I suggest waiting until the crawfish season. My husband does not eat seafood and thankfully Joe's has non-seafood food.I like how they offer different tools to use for the crabs, a bucket to discard shells, a tips on eating crabs placemat, a souvenir and scented wipes for when your done eating. They were a little busy at the time we came in, but our servers were knowledgeable, and attentive. We also had a manager come to our table once and check on us, which we thought was nice. We found the atmosphere fun, lively and energetic. I see many people complaining about the loud music and dancing employees. If I'm not in the mood for the experience that Joe's Crab Shack offers then I'll either eat outside, since there is a nice patio, order TO GO, or go another time. This place is the first I've been to with dancing employees. I think this is a fun and casul place to eat with friends and family. This location even has a kids play place.
2	What can I say, I have enjoyed other Joe's; BUT the wait staff seemed to feel is was more important to place the chairs on the table next to us and clean them as we ate. not the first time they have done this.....not the entertainment Joe's is known for
5	This place is awesome!  The service was perfect and the food was phenominal!  I also like that the manager came to the table to see how our food was and if we were happy.  I will definitely return to this restaurant!
3	Joe's service is fast and friendly, entertaining atmosphere and lots of food for a decent price.  Wish they would give you more sides, the platter is full of fish though.
5	First time with my wife on our 3 yr wedding anniversary!  We're from Seattle where we can have fresh seafood all the time so even tho it's not fresh per say we still had a blast!  Come see ya self!
4	I took my Mom here for her birthday in December... I know, I'm late in reviewing. I'm originally from Boston and living in AZ I find good seafood at an affordable price is hard to find. My Mom and I split one of the seafood buckets.... the Boston one of course! It included lobster, clams, corn and sausage - it was the perfect size to please us both for dinner and I think it was priced fairly.We enjoyed our meal and the staff occassionally broke out into song and dance which kept it lively and gave us a good chuckle too. It's not a fancy place by any means but so far one of the better places I've enjoyed for seafood here in AZ. Go in with a fun attitude and you'll enjoy yourself as much as we did.Now if they could only open one of these places in N. Scottsdale or Phoenix...
4	I wasn't too hungry tonight, so i can only speak to the service, chowder, and dessert. The service was great. Our server took great care of my family even when the problem was my 7 yr old and not their fault. The chowder was pretty good. I've had better, but as my main dish since i wasn't that hungry, it was pretty good.   The fresh berry cobbler was very good. I ate way too much of it and still have hiccups as a result of that binge. I would definitely return.
3	Sunday 6:30 PM. It was PACKED in there. Bit loud, but fun atmosphere. We were in no hurry so I don't really remember how long it took to get our drinks... I was too busy reading the drink menu, I actually told our waitress to take care of other tables and come back. Southern sweet tea, rockin' poppin' something something, and gone fishin' as drinks. I don't like the fact that they don't list price on any of their drinks (I guess that's trend for every corporate restaurants...) They were all around $8.50 per drink. Drinks were pretty and yummy. But expensive for casual restaurant. Calamari, Balls of fire, and stuffed mushrooms as a starter. Calamari was way too soft. I guess all you Americans like soft Calamari... my Asian taste buds ask for more chewy texture... Other "balls" were tasty.Pots. We ordered the Orleans, Ragin' Cajun, and Diablo. Looked so much better on picture than the actual meal. I thought it was too salty. Crawfish was gross... Crabs were pretty good. Corn and potatoes tasted the best. Overall, really expensive. Bill was $165 between 4 people. Food, meh. Service, pretty good. 3 stars.
2	Having gone to cooking school in San Francisco, I can say I have had much better. The quality of the crab can be beat at my local supermarket, The atmosphere was overkill for the experience I had. Anyone that has ever been to a real seafood house has to agree that the ambiance is not a party with servers dancing around the place.For the money, I would rather go to that red shellfish chain.
3	Our waiter Jason was great however I was not a big fan of the hokey pokey dance the staff had to do.  It was a bit loud but it helped drown out the sound of the man behind me hacking up a lung. It was high energy and a nice change.
5	I'm giving them a 5 star review for how they handled a poor experience we had.  My family came here for my brother's birthday a few weeks back, and two of our four dishes came out undercooked.  We brought it to the attention of our waitress, who brought the manager Adrienne over.  They both apologized profusely and took the charges off of our bill, which is what I would expect.  We were polite and appreciative of their apology and really didn't expect or ask for anything else.  However, they also offered to give us a credit to come back another time so they could prove to us that it was just a one time mistake.We took them up on the offer, and sure enough the food was excellent the second time around.  Our server was fantastic, Adrienne came by to make sure we were happy, and the chef even came out to make sure we were pleased with the meal.  They really went above and beyond to make sure we left with a positive opinion of their restaurant.  Everybody makes a mistake once and awhile, but not everyone has such excellent customer service to correct it!  I will gladly return here as a result.
4	This is a fun place, a little loud but that's the ambience they're shooting for. The food was actually very good and the portions were generous. A plus for me is a dedicated gluten free menu. The salmon was great and I'm told by others in my party, the fish and chips were good also. I tried crawfish for the first time, they actually had experts who come to the table to explain and demonstrate how to remove the meat from the little buggers. The meat had a nice flavor but I left the head sucking for someone else. All in all a pleasant experience.
1	Wednesday 7pm.  This place is your average over priced, lack of taste chain food restaurant and this place was no different. I have to say, I was super disappointed as I have always heard rave reviews, now I'm starting to question who I associate with and their taste in food.Service=slow.Food=just tastes like saltNoise=loud and they do a dance...like a lot.Go somewhere else and skip Joe's Crabs.
5	I have no idea why the reviews are so low. The food here is always great. I take the family and split the Sunset Fire Grilled steam pot for two and its exception. Best seasoning I've ever tasted and the crab legs are always big and fresh with great shrimp to top it off. The atmosphere is very fun and family friendly. Can get a lil pricey but that's how seafood usually goes. Love this place!!
2	So as a belated birthday, My family treated me to Joe's Crab shack, the anticipation was unreal.. so we roll in Saturday 06/02/2012. The drive was fast, and the Location - Not bad to get toAppearance- Liked itSeating-  Ample ... although not sure whey a party of 4 was put in the party of 6 or larger but what ever.Service- SurprisingSeaFood - NOT even CLOSE to the portions on menu or in the commercialsNow Hamburgers and Fries---Awesome.Saddest moment in a very long time..that the desert was better than the meal...Sad part the"Hype"did not even come close...Sad
4	Place was hopping for lunch. Food was good and hot but too pricey. That's expected, the last time I looked the ocean was not anywhere in site.
4	The servers and hosts always wonderful, however tonight for the first time we got something.other than.a steampot. Don't!
4	Surf and turf burger is terrific. Crab boils are always a favortie in my book. Staff always friendly and well trained.
3	Compared to the Crab Shack on Southern and McClintock, this is the far superior location.  The food, service, and cleanliness of this place is better, despite them being both part of the same seafood restaurant chain.  The seafood itself varies, as the queen crab was pretty tasty and sweet, but the lobster in my Arctic Bay steamer was pretty bland.  The shrimp that came with it were good since they were the ones that soaked up a lot of the Old Bay seasoning.  I also tried some of the crawfish platter, which was a delicious mix of crawfish etouffee and fried crawfish on top of white rice.
3	First, I must impress that I write this as a person who does not like seafood. However, my family does and I am obligated to travel with them. Get the point? Good.Second, the location is extremely far from my home. It takes a good thirty (30) minutes to get here. Given that, the place does a great job in servicing its guests. Wait times are good and the attitudes of the servers are great.Thirdly, I would recommend that they open the menu up to those that aren't seafood connoisseurs. Albeit a suggestion, please take it to heart as it would bring me here more ofter (rather than being dragged here). Lastly, aside from my distaste of seafood (yeah, it's a trend here), the experience is great. The staff is great, the restaurant is great, and the overall experience is great. Aside from the lack of choice concerning the food, I really can't complain. I would recommend this place.Additionally, the price is mediocre overall, but considering that lobster is not cheap, it is about average. But you do get a lot!
2	I've been to other Joe's Crab Shack's that were MUCH better.This one had extremely slow service. It wasn't even packed and it took almost an hour to get food for a party of 3 - and we didn't order anything special or complicated here folks. Not only that, but I had to keep asking the waiter for refills. Asked twice for the bill. No bueno.Other than the deathly slow service, the atmosphere is okay, and the food, in my opinion, was delicious! Both the meal and dessert were outstanding.
5	So  far had the bucket of shrimp outstanding. Can't wait for the bean town steamer. This place ROCKS, the staff is very energetic, the whole experience was first rate, the food was great..
1	Tried this place with the little one after a visit to the mall.We were both very disappointed. The food was absolutely terrible. Neither of us could eat more than a few bites and then we left. I can in no way recommend this location and suggest going somewhere else.
4	Excellent customer service from Manager Adrienne Sanford. Had dinner there yesterday, waited an hour due to short staffing. The manager apologized and gave us the meal on the house, BEFORE we could even complain about the wait. As for the food, I have had their King, Dungeness, Snow, and Queen crab, but that's all I'm interested in eating there. I read some reviews here of people getting sick... I have never had any problems with what I've ordered there. I will return!
4	First timer here at this establishment in Tempe.  Doesn't look like much from the outside, but inside is nice, clean, and casual.  Wait help are dressed in the Joe's Crab Shack t-shirts (that are also available for sale)Did not have any appetizers, but started off with some cocktails.  Hubby had their Bloody Mary (spicy) and it was outstanding.  I should have had this instead of my usual.We both had the Samuel Adams Steampot that consisted of lobster claws, snow crab cluster, clams, sausage, potato and a cob of corn.  It's steamed with Sam Adams brew.  It was very good for a casual place.  Love that Old Bay seasoning was used.  Skip the butter that they serve with the food -- just dip your seafood in sauce at the bottom of your plate of the steampot -- makes a world of difference.Service was excellent and staff were helpful, courteous, and friendly.Would definitely return to this place on our next visit to AZ.  Want to try everything on their menu.
1	My daughter and I ate there last Friday night.  We won't be going back.The hostess was very rude. The server was excellent although she never asked us how the food was (turns out that was a big giveaway!).We had an appetizer, the sampler platter.  The crab dip was very good as were the "balls of fire", i.e. seafood/jalapeno/cheese? deep fried.  The calamari was just okay.Real issue was the entrees.  We both had different seafood platters so we could have a sampling of the food.  Both came with fried fish which we couldn't eat.  It was terribly greasy, either the oil was dirty or not hot enough.  Some of the silver skin was left on too.  Totally inedible.  Mine had fried scallops.  I guess they were frozen because the scallop inside the breading had shrunk inside the breading.  The breading was soggy, again, bad oil?  The worst item was the crab cake on my daughter's platter. It was wet and didn't hold together.  It was totally disgusting!  You could see that the cook couldn't get it off the grill, it was kind of mushed to gether on the plate.  Seriously, it was mushy and vile.  Too much bread, too much parsely, too much pepper.We won't be eating at any Joe's again.  (Went to Red Lobster 2 days later and the food was 200% better!)
2	This place in general is a little too cheesy for me.  They offer mediocre seafood with over the top waitstaff.  The waitstaff remind me of the movie Office Space where they try to be overly excited that you are there.  It is almost like you are buying a used car.   I will start with the food.  It is very messy and drizzled in butter.  Don't wear any good clothes or risk having butter splotches all over.  The food itself is just ok.  Nothing to write home about.  The on-tap beer selection is less than desired.  If you like mass produced beers then you are in luck.  I would say save your money go to a locally owned restaurant where you won't be subjected to all of the cheesiness.
5	I was really impressed with the service and technology at Joe's Crab Shack.  We gave our names to the host and he asked for our cell phone number so that they could text us when our table was ready.  We got a text right away confirming our place in line.  The text had a link to web site where you could see your estimated wait time and it also had games and trivia for you to do while you wait.  In addition, my son was able to play on their outdoor playground to help pass the time.  Our waitress was really friendly and the other servers do occasional dance routines to certain songs.  It's a great atmosphere for a fun night out.  And of course the food is delicious!
3	Went for date night at the beginning of March, had Travis? I'm pretty sure, I know it started with a T and he has been there for about 3 years.  He was really good until his station filled up and got a trainee Andrea...then he was less attentive but still decent.The shrimp in my steampot had a weird taste so he got me extra fried pickles because I really liked them, and he had to get me another side of potatoes since mine weren't cooked all the way.Of course we will go back since I love seafood and know I won't die from eating theirs.
2	Ive been to a couple of these around the country. but for this time this year, the service was horrible no thanks to cody d. looks like it is run by freshmen, college kids were just hanging at the hostess counter. cody forgot my chowder and didnt apologize. but ill say that the crab cake dinner was good so ill give an extra star for that.
1	Walked in for lunch, the place was empty. Sat down waited five minutes with no welcome or drink order, walked out.
1	We just had lunch at Joes Crab Shack.  What a waste.  The clam chowder is mostly diced potatoes.   It was not served HOT.   The Cesar salad dressing had so much vinegar my wife could not eat it.  The King Crab was Not king crab but something else bland and tasteless and cold.   I asked the waiter if the shrimp were deveined and he had no idea what I was talking about.  The same waiter told me the crab we ordered came with two russet potatoes.  They were COLD RED Potatoes.  It was terrible and cost $50.00.   We had to stop on the way home to get something to eat
3	I hate reviewing chains.That being said, Joe's seems to get a bad rap from people thinking that the seafood should be fish-off-the-back-porch-and-fry-it-up fresh. This Joe's is in Arizona, folks. And it's not bad.We've been there several times. Are there better seafood restaurants out there? You bet. But I think this place has a decent bang for the buck.The service has been at least adequate if not outstanding every time we've visited. I'm not crazy about the line-dancing routine that always happens, but the staff are good about refilling drinks, menu knowledge and experience. The cooks are decent at preparing seafood, making sure it's not too tough or underdone. Usually, though, it's on the side of overdone that keeps me from giving more than 3 stars.If you're expecting a lobster place in Maine, go to Maine. If you need a seafood fix at a somewhat reasonable price....here you go.
2	I was pretty disappointed on this visit. The food was great but the service sucked. We had to wait a while and the server did not really interact with us. I ordered an appetizer that never arrived and the server acted like he did not even know I ordered it. Maybe he should write down what his customers ordered instead of relying on his memory. It seemed like he was there to just do his eight hours and then get out of there. After we finished our meal he took the plates but the rest of the table was still a bit messy. We ordered dessert but we had to clean the table ourselves just to make sure it was clear.I don't expect an immaculate table but at least make an attempt to make sure the table will be ready for when my dessert arrives.  I might go back but if service is like this again I will not ever return.
4	Every time we go to Joe's crab shack, it's been great. Our servers were always friendly and attentive. Great place to actually receive SERVICE in the phoenix area.
5	This place was very good and the service too.I had a awsome server named kayla and she was very friendly. Me and my family will surely be back. Not sure why most the complaints come from the scottsdale residents!!Maybe cause joe's dont have V.I.P. parking for these people. Stay in snobsdale!!!!EAT AT JOE"S....................................  :)
4	Been to this Joe's about 4-5 times.  Always enjoyed it.  It's not fine dining, but eating crab is usually a little work so expect that.  Fun place.  Try it for casual dining and a good time.
5	I love coming here! Great food and the service is always perfect!!!! Fun times!
5	Love this place! It's always fun eating at Joe's. We celebrated my bestie's birthday at Joe's on Baseline last Sunday. Jesse was our server. He was excellent and very attentive! The wait staff make it fun by doing periodic line dances all over the restaurant. They also sing silly birthday songs to the birthday guests. "I rode the pony and got crabs at Joe's." Be sure to check out the gift shop and the strategically stacked t-shirts. "Got Crabs?"
4	Sure we have one by us back in the South Bay that we never go to, so we saw the commercial before leaving and I added it to the itinerary as a b onus it is not far from the resort we stayed at. I think we found a new seafood restaurant to add to our list. The prices are reasonable and the service is good. The place is not very clean though. We watched the servers as they cleared the tables around us, just drop the stuff they wiped off onto the floor. One table had a puddle under it and they tried to seat some people there but they asked for another table and they never cleaned it up and sat another couple. But enough of the negative (Just check the seats and under the table before accepting table). The food was great, I ordered the fisherman's platter so it had Popcorn shrimp, a generous fish filet, Great balls of fire (handmade seafood and crab with jalapenos mixed with cream cheese and coated with breadcrumbs fired up and served with Ranch dressing) and fried calamari (The calamari was a little overdone) but the overall meal was amazing and generous. I think we got our money's worth though we were too stuffed to order dessert. My wife ordered the Skillet Paella it sure looked great clams, mussels, shrimp, scallops and sausage with a tomato based sauce and served over rice. YUMMY! We'll definitely go back and try the ones closer to home.
4	I was going to put 3 stars on this review but they finally decided to re-decorate and get ready of the knick knacks. Joe's Crab Shack is not bad for a seafood restaurant chain but this location is always busy since it's next to mall and highway. The one issue is service, we went on a Sunday night they were busy but staffed accordingly.  So what do they focus on? cheesy dance numbers and birthdays.  I love the dishes, usually order something with shrimp and clams or the pallea..But this last time I dared to order the steampot and was underwhelmed to say the least, it wasn't as big as I thought it would be.
5	First time at Joe's. had an awesome experience, loved the food, great service. Had the campfire s'mores for dessert...OMG!
5	Today is the re-grand opening, a shaky start, but things are moving forward, lots of management presence. Place looks better staff very outgoing food is amazing!!
4	Just found out that the Joe's Crab in the southern location and this one have different ingredients. Not sure about other flavors, but definitely the spicy boil is much better in this location. 5 stars for anything in spicy boil, but other flavors are a 4 star for me.
1	Shocked that someone wrote a review and actually liked the CRAB CAKES...which is what I ordered.  I have never had crab cakes that either looked like these or tasted like these.  They had way too much pepper for one thing and no breading at all.  It looked like they shredded some crab and tried to make patties that didn't stick together and them baked them....they were HORRIBLE!  The side of coleslaw was about 2 tablespoons worth in a paper cup!  I've been here twice before....and didn't care for it either time so shame on me for giving them another chance!  One STAR is being generous.
1	I tried to give it zero....The funny thing is, we tried three times to go here but the wait was too long so we went elsewhere. Claim Jumper is right next door. I suggest you jump over to there and save yourself. I wish I had.Finally got two seats at the bar on the fourth try. Because I don't eat seafood, I was spared what was to come (spoiler alert). SO I get $11 chicken fingers, so dry and bad I just drank my beer. Which was fine. My copilot ordered the KJ (Kendall Jackson) Steampot. Looked pretty neato with all its netting in there. Had mussels and some crab legs. Well, the seafood wasn't really that steaming and the corn was funny-tasting. My copilot ate the small amount of food ($25+) and we were on our way to a much-desired movie right after. But that was not to be...Because lurking in the "not hot enough Steampot was some badddd germ that attacked during the movie and my copilot spent the final hour of the movie worshipping the porcelain god at the Arizona Mills movie theater. And that is not fun. For anyone.After several stops by the side of the road on the way home, we were kind enough to call Joe's and alert them of the possible threat to all of you, the FUTURE DINERS of Joe's. The response? "I can't help you. Let me take your number and the general manager will call you tomorrow". Well, after the level of illness, she retired for the evening. Next day, no call. Third day, we called them and were referred to the main offices in Houston. She spoke to them and was asked "did you eat an unopened mussel? That can make you sick." I won't go on any further, but not only were they unapologetic, but they finally offered her a small gift certificate to THE SAME RESTAURANT. Seriously..So I called the health department and needless to say, this was not the first call.So, my advice is: if you go to Joe's, buy a cool tee shirt and watch them dance to Cotton Eyed Joe. They are the only safe activities there. Seafood in the desert is risky anyhow. Go to CA or ME for that. Have some ribs instead....
5	We went a few weeks ago, it wasn't our first time at Joe's but was the first time at THIS location.food was the same as before, GREAT! they have this AWESOME WHIPPED BACON BUTTER! WHAT?!?! WHIPPED BACON BUTTER- YES everything nummy in the world on a knife! DEL-ISH.But the best part of our visit was our server, JOSHUA! He was awesome, very attentive and friendly, and when it came time for them to dance he was hands down the best dancer on the floor, he hit every beat better then the girls did! We came for the food but fell in love with the service! THANK YOU JOSH! YOU ROCK!if you go ask for Josh and tell him about this review.
3	Clean, friendly family place that sounded like a great idea but was not what I expected. The waitress was obviously new but that didn't bother us that much except she got our drinks wrong. I think it might of been what we ordered but when we opened the lid it was cold, and had way too much flavoring. However, the part that didn't suck was that we got $11 off our appetizers from an email coupon. We're not really planning to go back based on our visit.
1	We went to Joe's yesterday to take my parents out for lunch. We are regulars and normally have a lovely time. However, this time there were some serious issues. All my elderly parents ordered was a bowl of soup each. The soup came out the FIRST time cold--ok, that is understandable. However, when this was explained to the waitress, Eryn, she was incredulous. It seemed to be beyond her grasp this was a possibility, and we must be witches with some sort of power over the space-time continuum because "there is no way the soup could have gotten cold. It just came from the kitchen." After some discussion about the unbelievability of the situation, she agreed to get them new soup. When she came back for round two ("Ok, this time I saw it poured, and it was steaming!"), once again, the soup was cold. This time I had a taste, and sure enough, it was tepid at best. Eryn was once again astounded, but gave the impression that we were beginning to annoy her with our requests for food served a the proper temperature. By the third try, they finally got it right. While the rest of us had almost finished our meal, their soup came out, and it was hot.I understand that servers don't have a lot of control over what happens in the kitchen, and I am sure that Eryn was just having a busy lunch rush and didn't mean to appear skeptical and annoyed. However, there was NO visit from the manager to apologize for the problems, and both soups were on the bill. To sum up, it took them three tries to get a bowl of soup right, so my elderly parents had to sit there and watch the rest of us eat for most of the meal, AND they charged me for this experience. Really? No visit from the manager?!?!I won't be returning to Joe's Crab Shack.
3	Went to Joe's for my daughter's birthday, we had reservations since there was 14 of us and this was handled nicely.  Place is noisy!  To top it all, they turn up the music louder every hour or so and the servers do some kind of a performance.  Most everyone in my party ordered a seafood hotpot which was pretty good especially if you like shellfish but it is also a lot of food for one person, best to share.  As I am deathly allergic to shellfish, I told the server about my condition and he was very attentive to my situation!  I ordered mahi mahi and for the price of $15.00 was not totally worth it.  The side veggie dish was overcooked and soggy, amount was very little, "dirty rice" as it was called which was rice cooked in sausage and spices was soggy too...  The mahi mahi was okay but definitely not worth the money.  The server was good and attentive, kudos to him for serving a big table of 14!   The place was super busy as it was a Saturday night and our order took more than 30mins to come...  Place not bad but because of the noise level and the slow food service, I may not frequent this place...
5	My wife and I have been going here at least once a month for the past year. If you think about how far this place is from any coast, the food is surprisingly fresh. They definitely have the most consistent crawfish in the whole city. Just remember, if something isn't in season, don't expect it to be amazing anywhere in a landlocked state.They always seem to have a lot of new waiters, but everyone has a great attitude and tries their best. If you haven't ever been to Joe's before, it is usually loud and crowded; perfect for people with a noisy two year old who loves seafood.If you go all out with the big steampots and drinks, expect to spend $30-$40 per person.
4	It was good as always. I'm in a hurry to get to a show but I really wanted to post this picture of Jen. Lol
4	This place is fun, and customer service was awesome, food is good, and prices are okay. Since I have to force my husband to come with me to seafood restaurants he actually had a great time here. He liked the ambiance and music. He loved the dancing, he actually joined in. I got the steam pot with Dungeness crab, shrimp, corn and potatoes. Wish they had more spices but I'm just wishing they would open a boiling crab here in AZ. Anyway it was good and we enjoyed dinner here. It was kind of packed when we went, parking was kind of scarce but maybe because it's near a mall.
5	Went for happy hour, 2 of us...ordered mussles, calamari, stuffed mushrooms, crab dip, bucket of shrimp, dessert, and two soft drinks for $44. And we couldn't even finish it all. Service was great and everything was delicious! Would def be back!
2	I went for dinner with a friend on a Sat night.  Once at the door, we were  told the wait would be appr 20min. We went to the bar to wait to be called. I ordered a glass of wine and I kid you not, it came to me in a thick glass with a handle and a spout!  I asked for a wine glass and he said they didn't have any clean ones.  How tacky!  I would have waited.  The place was very loud. I asked the bartender if it is always this loud but he didn't answer me.  It is.  The food:   The appetizer platter was really good but the bucket of crab, not so good and I thought was over priced for what you get. We split a dessert and it was good.  The wait staff did a little dance which was okay except they turned the music up even louder when they dance. Some of the customers joined in with their dance moves and it was quite entertaining.  Over all, over priced and loud.   Bobbi
5	What a great place! Amazed with the customer service. Never been to a place before that goes so above and beyond for a customer like the manager Kaitlin and her Staff.
1	Terrible experience:should receive ZERO stars.*We order Coconut Shrimp, this should be call OIL  shrimp. *We order Grill Salmon was complete burn, black from both sides.*We complain to the manager on duty about the burn salmon and he said: that i did not like ""the black flavor"".  This thing was incinerate, and sure full of  carcinogenic substances do to the ashes.*Was our daughters birthday, we told the hostess, and our  daughter got zero attention  regarding her birthday no song or even a congratulation. *Was our the worst dining experience ever!!!! :(
3	They do try to please their customers. When I came here, service was slow (seated at 7:30, started eating at 9pm) and I was pretty ticked off, and i thought they had just forgotten about us. but turns out that they did realize we were waiting and the manager came over to our table to apologize (without us complaining to the staff) and took the appetizer we ordered off our check.A for effort! I have to say, their staff was really friendly though even though there was a little mishapFood is delicious, but nothing dazzling.
1	Not worth the money; $115 for 4 people and that doesn't include the tip! It was a zoo. We were seated by a table of about 7, 3 were children. I was amazed at how the parents allowed their children to run around, as if it were a playground, absolutely ridiculous! For the amount of money we paid, I was expecting to had received more bang for my buck. The ONLY positive thing was the super great service from our server. Definitely wont be returning.
5	Ordered the Honey Peach Smash from Stacie...its great and the bartender made it exactly as the picture shows
4	Passed by this place for several years and was on way home and felt rich so we stopped in about 5 pm. It was a whim decision. Wife had the bacon wrapped shrimp, How can one go wrong with BACON. She liked it and it served her no white food diet. I had the fish and chips, I thought I ordered the fish and shrimp but wasn't making a stir about it. The fish was very good and the fries were great as cut from fresh potatos The little cup of coleslaw was very good too. I was really thrilled at the plate being served HOT keeping ones meal hot. Nothing worse than the plate taking all the heat from ones food. Our server was attentive enough to keep us happy and earned our top rate. 20+%.  I would  go here again before I would go to Red lobster which I can handle maybe once every other year.
3	The service was OK.  The food was OK.  Kind of on the expensive side for the quality but like I said, it was OK.  I wouldn't say it was the best seafood I ever had but it certainly wasn't the worst.  I dunno, it's sort of borderline between 2 and 3 stars but our overall experience was decent.
4	good seafood.  the huge buckets have plenty of food to fill you up.  the apple desert is to die for.
1	The service has always been good, so why not we are in the area. The worst experience I have ever had after spending a $157.00. The pots are smaller, the wait staff is taking away from duties to dance. It took asking 3 times for a glass of water. It was seafood so I give it 1 star but I will never again walk through the door. We had a to-go box left it on the table for not even 2 minutes and they had all ready thrown it away. Never again. In fact I came home and down loaded this app because I am that mad. We should have gone to Rudy's BBQ.
1	I came here with the wife and was eventually joined by my sisters in law. We were seated quickly, which is what I'd expect on a Monday night. We were greeted promptly and given our drinks which consisted of lemonade and iced tea.We eventually ordered our meals. I had one of the combos which included a crab cake, fish and chips, stuffed shrimp, and onion strings. My wife ordered the queen crab pot with a garlic butter sauce.First off, I'll start with the good - the crab legs were good. The crab cake seemed a bit overly salty, but was overall pretty good. Now, for the rest. Service overall was very slow. When we decided to try a mixed drink it took 15 minutes before it arrived at the table. The meals, save for the crab legs, were generally over salted. The stuffed shrimp were.... interesting. They give you 4, 2 were plenty for me because I couldn't eat any more of them. The onion strings were good if you got the edges of them. The middle of them was soggy and seemed like they hadn't been in the fryer long enough. I don't know what the heck they did with the fish fillet, but the batter was salty, and the flavor was wrong. That's the only way to describe it. The fish itself definitely had the frozen-thawed sense about it. Definitely not fresh. The tartar sauce they gave me may as well have been mayonnaise. That's all it really was.When the checks arrived the waitress disappeared and we waited another 15 minutes before we'd finally had enough and sought out the manager to take care of our bills. I would like to give them another shot but I just can't feel it's worth the money to gamble for a sub par experience.
5	Food was excellent. The wait was kinda long. We really enjoyed our visit. Very attentive server. Prices were lower than expected. The food looked like the picture on the menu. Overall very satisfied.
5	This was our first time here at Joe's Crab Shack!! Def worth it!! The staff is extremely nice and helpful and the food was great!! Not to mention my tiki Mai tai. :) we will be returning to a joes in the future!
5	When we first walked in it was a bit weird. It seemed like the hosts didn't know how to do their job of seating. The couple ahead of us stood there for a solid 6 minutes before they were escorted ten steps forward where they proceeded to wait for anther minute for whatever reason(there were plenty of tables)  they sat us (party of 2) at a table for 6....whatever, not a problem. We shared the classic joe pot-DELICIOUS!! It is a little pricey our meal was 35 for 2 drinks (tea) but they were nice and the manager seemed to really care about what we thought. I will definitely be back
2	This was my first time at Joe's Crab Shack. I came here with several of my classmates to celebrate our last day of clinic and school. We had reserved a big table for 14 people and they were able to accommodate us which was great. The reason for my 2 stars is because of the service. It took forever for us to order and get our drinks and food. I know that we had a big table but there were two staff members taking care of us. The waitress was great but the waiter was super slow and had forgotten about us our something because one of my fellow classmate and I had ordered some alcoholic beverages and it took him 20 minutes to check up on us and asked if we wanted anything else and I was like umm yeah...our drinks! I have to say my Bloody Mary was delicious though so my annoyance for the delay disappeared. The food was okay. I had ordered The Ragin' Cajun to share with my friend. It was a little bit too salty for me but squirting some lemon juice on top made it taste better. Overall Joe's Crab Shack was okay. I don't think I will be coming back. I'll get my seafood fix somewhere else.
3	Eat at Joe's! That's what they say...if you're looking for a fun seafood restaurant, this is the place.  It's pretty much your typical chain restaurant but I would definitely choose Joe's over Red Lobster.  Most of the meals are decent and you'll pretty much get what you'd expect.  This location is great after a day of shopping at Arizona Mills Mall or a day at the aquarium.
3	Ordered jumbo coconut shrimp they weren't jumbo shrimp they was butterfly cut and double batter to give the look of jumbo shrimp was ok got the mahi fish was over cooked and rubbery place is a bit over priced for sea food can get better quality sea food other places for that price staff was great and friendly and fast that is the only reason I gave it a 3 star or I would gave it a 1 star if service was bad as the food
5	Everything tastes so good behind these walls from the seafood to the mason jar drinks.  I am a regular and plan to continue that trend.
1	Chicken sandwich was like a piece of leather.    Go figure that one.    Got a boiled dinner.    Not much to full one up!    Sorry Charlie, this fish is not going back
4	Great food and service! Had the crab stuffed mushrooms to start and I thought those were delicious.  The main entry was bacon wrapped and seafood stuffed shrimp. All I can say is yuuuuuuummmmm! Definitely recommend
4	Had the KJ Steampot and the Southern-fried lobster.  Drinks were generous and came in a take-home Mason jar.  Good service and reasonable prices.  Would return...
2	The place was way too loud, could hardly have a convesation. Food was poorly cooked and greasy and way overpriced. Would not recommend and will not be back
4	This place constantly delivers on food, service and a fun family friendly atmosphere.
5	A Favorite!
4	The service was a little off tonight, the food was wrongly cooked too, but they promptly replaced it with perfect food and even gave a discount....  We will be back!
1	All I can say is me and the wife and daughter ate here for fathers day,  me and my wife both got food poisoning .when we called them to let them know they didn't seem to care and just blew us off. We will never go to joes crab shack again.
4	I am pretty easy to please when it comes to eating in restaurants and I was definitely happy with this restaurant.  The food was good, it took a little while to come out but they were busy.  It's pretty easy to mess up a bloody mary and theirs was fantastic.  The lobster claws were a little over cooked but still pretty tasty.  The crawfish were good and spicy.  The staff was courteous and the manager came over to check on us.  Our server had forgotten something with one of our orders just as the manager came over and when it was brought to his attention he brought it out himself and apologized.  I will definitely go back and recommend it to my friends.
3	Pretty decent location, especially if you're going to shop at Arizona Mills.  This was my second visit to this particular location.  First time was great!But, this time around, the service was slow and the food was mediocre.  It wasn't a busy day considering it was just after lunchtime (well, close to 1 PM).  I'd say that 25% of the restaurant was occupied.  That being said, there's no excuse for slow service.Had to wait too long for drink re-fills and our food took too long to get out to us.On a good note, this establishment appeared very clean.
1	Arrived at 9:30pm the place was 90% empty but we still waited almost 15 minutes before a server even asked us what we would like to drink.   I had always avoided Joes but it was the only place open so we gave it a chance.  Slow service mediocre to lousy food.  Need I say more?  Will not be back.
