5	It is so hard to find good southern food in this town. So far I have had the shrimp etoufee and and shrimp po'boys. There is nothing fancy about this place, however the food is amazing. Located in of course, a strip mall, next to LA Fitness. Somewhat hard to see, but definetly worth checking out. The prices are great too. Everything is under $10. Their menu has catfish, shrimp, chicken and a few other things. This is just a mom & pop little place which is awesome. I hope this place sticks around.
5	Eureka! At last, we have found the cajun food we have been long-seeking -- homey, authentic, real deal stuff. Not fancy foo foo "takes" on cajun food. Not watered-down,  dumbed-down versions of cajun food. Just the good, real, stuff, lovingly, and painstakingly prepared with quality ingredients.Yes, the po' boys are good. The bread is spot-on, the ingredients cooked just right. Even the spicy tartar sauce (ya know, remoulade) is right. But po' boys aren't too much of a challlenge.The entrees will make you or break you. Since I've only been once (so far!) I've only had opportunity to try the crab landry - garlic bread, sauced with crab stew, and topped with a few fried shrimp.I could not stop tasting and analyzing that stew. It was full of layers of flavor - smoky, sweet, spicy, earthy, a slight hint of briny - all cooked down and blended into luscious deep brown brew of deliciousness!The dining room has all the atmosphere of a hospital cafeteria. Can we get some music maybe, at least? But I can easily deal with that, for the sake of the food.
4	Great mother of Gumbo! Flavors of Louisiana is good homestyle cajun cookin' right here in the desert!The food has just enough warmth to make your taste buds glow.  The shrimp are huge and juicy... so the po-boy is pure heaven. I wonder if the oyster po-boy is as good.  The Crab Landry (crab gumbo without rice, and 4 fried shrimp atop garlic bread) is amazing.  Jambalaya was tasty too.  I MUST come back on Friday or Saturday to try the seafood gumbo. There is plenty of parking.  The dining area and facilities are spotless.   There is no table service.... just a counter.  No frills at all, just fantastic creole comfort food at a great price.
5	Coming from a shrimping town, it has been painful for me to see the po' boy catch on as one of the latest trendy re-appropriations for the chic foodies who like to brag about their "new urban soul food."I'm sure some of it is good, but there is something inherently wrong about $12 po' boy sliders.  Which are served on dinner rolls.  And feature lobster and sausage.Fortunately, on a trip to the strip-mall labyrinth of the West Valley, I found this amazing, amazing place.The po' boys are actually po' boys.  They make their own sauce, which is delicious.  Simple, fried seafood with lettuce on a chewy baguette.  I've had the shrimp and the oyster varieties, and both tasted crisp and fresh out of the fryer, and practically exploded in my chomper they were so good.The potato salad is also creamy and delicious, with the subtle balance of sweetness and vinegar that I think is crucial to a good tater salad.  It's not just a bunch of boiled potatoes mashed up with mayonnaise, or some bulk monstrosity ordered from the grocery store.It's worth waiting til a Thursday to try this place just to get the crab landry.  Good lord.  Sweet crab stew over delicious garlic bread, topped with four fried shrimp.  The dish doesn't look like anything other than two hunks of bread floating in brown sauce, but it will destroy you in the best possible way.Best of all, the place is family owned and operated.  The restaurant is simple but not boring - one wall is painted purple and gold in celebration of LSU, and the other walls have a few pictures of other memories of Louisiana - but not in a stupid, kitschy way.They also serve alligator now.Worth the trip from Phoenix!  Really!
4	Now I'm not a free giver of "5-Stars"...it takes something special, which I will get to. I find most places take on authentic Cajun cooking to be nothing but a stereotype of heat and Raggin Cajun's accents. The true taste of the food is lost in hell peppers and fire sauce. Flavors of Louisiana offers something that is vastly superior to this concept, authenticity. Cajun cooking (like most southern area's) is all about taking your time when you cook and not rushing it like most places. The restaurant is a little small nook that is easy to miss unless you are looking for it. I decided to order the Shrimp Po-Boy and some fries. While I was waiting, the owner was making her rounds talking to the tables and welcoming them, and asking if they needed anything. My food came up quickly and I was out in a dash. The food was amazing. Nice thick cut fries, good taste to the Po-Boy with the most amazing sauce on it. Reading over the menu, there are a lot of dishes I'm eager to try. First time that I've had real honest to goodness Cajun food in a long time. Now onto the merit for five stars: I was just standing waiting to grab my food and bolt back to my office like a good drone, and the owner asked me why I was just standing around and not relaxing. I explained I was in a bit of rush to get back to work, and she cut me off to say that "no sane person should ever say that." with just a twang of that Louisiana accent.  I just had to laugh because it hit it's mark. She explained that she was sorry to see me go so soon, because she wanted to make sure I liked my food. That banter is what makes this a five star place. Amazing food, good authentic people, and warm inviting environment.
4	I have no clue what good Cajun food is b/c I quite literally have never had authentic style Cajun food (I am not counting that Zatarans rice in the box either).  But, after reading the reviews for it on Yelp, I HAD to try it!  Although I was way too chicken to try the crawfish or the alligator, I did go for some shrimp.  It was fried in this very crispy and light batter with a really tasty seasoning.  I decided on dirty rice as my side.  Dirty rice (I had to ask) is cooked with some pork and beans as well as some strong and flavorful seasonings.  Flavors of Louisiana is a small place, but was packed when we walked in after seeing a movie early in the evening.  There was a large family and several couples eating in and waiting to take their food out...a very good sign in my opinion!  If you are in the same situation as me and have no clue about Cajun food...here's what I learned while waiting for my food and reading the educational bit on their menu:  Authentic Cajun food is actually not spicy as many say, it is actually flavorful, slow cooked, made with love, and full of mouth-watering seasonings.  Interesting.  FOL is family owned and operated and they are incredibly friendly.  While we were there the owner came out from the kitchen to hug and greet what seemed to be either family friends and/or regular customers two different times.  One couple walked by us on their way out after eating and told us, "This place sure could make someone fat."  I overhead more than one family tell the owner how they will most definitely be coming back and how amazed they were at how delicious everything was.  I'm not sure if I'll go back only b/c I really have no clue about Cajun style food and what it entails.  But, the shrimp and dirty rice I had were very good and I would have it again if I was in the neighborhood!  Oh, and I almost forgot, the dipping sauce for the shrimp made me want to lick the cup clean after using it for my shrimp...I'm not even sure what the seasonings in it were, but who cares, it was yummy!
4	Loved this place. the food took me back to my childhood when my mom's friend would visit us from Louisiana and make real backwater Cajun food. The seafood gumbo was spiced just right and was a very large portion. The Shrimp Po'Boy has HUGE, there was enough of the sandwich to feed 3 people. Finally the shrimp etoufee was good both not great. The only downside is the restaurant itself....its very small but very busy. It was standing room only when I was there on a Friday night. it would be great for a small group but there is only enough room for maybe 30 people in the whole place. i WILL be back and I am looking forward to eating yummy Cajun food.
5	Without a doubt, one of my favorites! Spending many summers in La Fourche Parish in Louisiana, their food brings me right back to the bayou. My favorites are the Shrimp Po Boys, dirty rice and crawfish, but I thoroughly enjoyed everything I've tried there.
4	Wow. Even Lafayette, LA born Hubby was seriously impressed with Flavors of Louisiana. The restaurant was far from full on a Saturday night, but the customers came in steadily. It is a small place, but very clean, and rather sparsely decorated. At least you can taste right away where their priorities are. Hubby had the special of the night- three pieces of tender, perfectly cooked catfish smothered in crawfish etoufee. He had asked for, and was told that he would receive etoufee only, but got the special anyway. He loved it, but this mix-up is the reason for the 4 stars. Even though it was in a darker roux, which he normally does not prefer, he licked his plate clean. I got the shrimp po'boy which came in a large basket with fries. It was two 6" halves of a fresh baguette with lettuce, tomato, a zippy sauce, and plenty of perfectly cooked battered and fried shrimp. Our dining companions had an equally huge and tasty fried oyster po'boy, a side of fresh and tangy cole slaw, and a bowl of delicious seafood gumbo. Nothing was spicy, just super flavorful. The boys got the peach cobbler dessert, and even though we girls both said we didn't much care for peach cobbler, we certainly helped the boys polish off the big bowls when they got to the table. Even though FOL is quite a drive for us, we will be back very soon. Please note that as of October 1, 2009, they will be closing early on Saturday nights- 8:00 instead of 9:00 PM.
5	Wow haven't had such a pleasant dining experience in quite sometime.  First off to be fair to other so called Cajun places in the valley while you are quite good, nothing compare to true Louisiana Cajun and boy that's what this is.  To start this is literally a mom and daughter joint!  They opened last year and are starting to get quite the following.  The location is a bit tricky but take the ten to dysart road make a right at Rancho Santa Fe and go into the parking lot of LA fitness and Walmart.  The restaurant is located right in front of the LA fitness.  We made the mistake of going to the other side of the road as most people do.  Inside the decor is quite simple chairs tables, condiment table with forks hot sauce and napkins the typical.  One side of the wall is dedicated to Louisiana State football so if your a Louisiana state football fan you are in good company.  The food is very good priced.  I started with the gumbo which had all types of seafood as well as rice and an absolutely fabulous broth.  It has to be the best gumbo in town.  They don't put okra in it which kind of takes away the traditional gumbo taste but the cook told me that they do that because a lot of people don't like the okra around here.   I loved it all the same.  Today was the special gumbo and it had fresh oysters in it.  Melt in your mouth Gumbo!For my main dish I had the catfish, craw-fish and the red beans and rice.  The catfish and craw-fish were both spicy seasoned not spicy hot.  Which helps with not to take away the flavor of the meat.  I was stunned at how both of these fish had no fishy taste to them at all.  It was as if they were caught on the bayou and served to me minutes after the big catch.   The catfish was specially good.  It had a homade cornmeal crust fried to perfection and not goopy take away the flavor fried but perfectly lightly fried.   The craw fish were fried in an absolutely melt in your mouth buttery salty spicy batter again not to over bearing.  The fried stuff comes with some special tarter that is oh so tasty.  The red beans and rice will make you wanting more.  The texture is right on and the flavor is that southern spicy mouth watering rich red beans and rice like mom used to make.  They are addicting.  My girl got the catfish and dirty rice.  Again if you love dirty rice and I mean in a traditional way this is right on the money.  Overall I think I found a new eat out place.  It is well worth the money and the staff , flavor, and tradition of eating in a place like this makes me wonder how I can bring my self to eat at a chain.  If you want a good home cooked meal with southern hospitality this place is for you.
4	We had originally attempted to come here a few months ago, but our friends decided it looked "too cheap, dirty, and gross."  Ugh... we swore that we would come back next time we were out in the neck of the woods and I am really glad we did!  The restaurant is located in an average looking strip mall and the interior is just as average.  That's fine by me though.  Like someone else said in their review, at least I can see where their priorities are.  I ordered the 2 meat combo with shrimp and crawfish tails.  It was served with my choice of side, and I went with the cole slaw.  I was surprised at how flavorful the cole slaw actually was.  The shrimp were big and their outsides were really crispy.  They were quite yummy.  There were tons of baby crawfish tails, battered and fried like the shrimp.  Those were also yummy and quite succulent.  I really really enjoyed my meal.If you come here, don't make the mistake that I did and not notice the yummy seasoning on the table.  I didn't notice it until after I was full, but I sampled it, and it was DELICIOUS!  I will definitely come back here next time I am in the area.
4	This place has been a long time coming.  It is damn near impossible for me to make it out to Avondale, ever, but we finally did last weekend and the first thing that sprang to mind was going here.  So very glad we did.I ordered the chicken & sausage jambalaya and a sweet tea.  Their tea was pretty good, the jambalaya was amazing.  The dirty rice was some of the best I've ever had and the combination of meats and spices was perfect.  Really well done.I would absolutely go back here if I ever made it out to Avondale again.  The only reason I marked them off is because of the location - far west valley, by a walmart, in a strip mall.  Too bad, downtown needs some decent southern cooking.
5	Wow!  A bit of the Big Easy on the west side!  You'd never know there could be such good food in such an unassuming place.  I read the reviews here and decided that a little Cajun sounded like the perfect change from the usual. So, I was a little hungry and I couldn't decide between the oyster po boy and the catfish combo, so I got both!  Both dishes come with a side so I also got two sides.  I went with the cole slaw to go with the po boy and red beans and rice to go with the catfish.The po boy was awesome!  The oysters were hot, crisp, tender inside... the bread and the condiments inside were the perfect wrappers to deliver those oysters into my mouth!  The first half of the sandwich was gone before I knew what happened.  Yes.  The first half.  There are two 6-inch sandwiches to this po boy!  So before starting on the second half of the sandwich, I moved over to the catfish.  Again, I wasn't disappointed.  Lightly battered in corn meal, the catfish was hot, tender and tasty.  But, after having two of those tasty pieces, my stomach realized that there was already a six inch po boy in there and started to complain.  Realizing the limited resources and limited time before my stomach wins over, I quickly took bites out of each of the remaining side dishes.  Both winners!Will definitely be back, for the food and the service!
5	We finally got a chance to eat at Flavors of Louisiana.  We both decided to get the Shrimp PoBoy.  I was really impressed with the flavor.  The shrimp were cooked to perfection.  I would have liked to try other items on the menu but that will have to be another time.  The decor is pretty basic but the food speaks for it self.  If you are looking for some great creole food I recommend hitting up Flavors of Louisiana.
1	Not so good! I had the aligator and crawfish combo. Both were way over cooked and very tough. The breading was too heavy and didn't have any flavor.
4	The oyster Po' Boy was amazing!- loved it! The seafood gumbo was terrific- very flavorful, but not thick and gloopy. We also really enjoyed the Cajun chips. The only thing I wish we could have had with our meal was a nice cold beer! The atmosphere is nothing to write home about, small and 'diner-like', but when my brother and I went there a few Fridays ago, the line backed up to the door to place an order.   It was a drive to get out there, but definitely worth it.
5	WOW! So this is what it must be like to eat at a little place by the bayou like in TRUE BLOOD, except that we have to settle for a small locale in a strip mall. Nevertheless, its all about the delicious food here. I had the Poyboy with Shrimp and Fries and KA-CHING, I totally got my money's worth when the delicious french bread toasted to perfection entered my starving mouth. I of course, added some hot sauce and lime to the sandwich which only made it much more tasty and spicy. I would have to add that thebreaded shrimp was the highlight of my visit to this place, it was thick, big  and meaty and was seasoned adequately. I only wish the restaurant were bigger so we wouldnt have to hear the patrons conversations in such close quarters. Damn, just thinking about my pleasurable moment at FOL I am starting to crave another one of them PoBoys.
4	Love it! Ordered the Po' Boy shrimp with a side of potato salad and was so amazed with the entire dish. I would have to say that this is the best Po' Boy I've ever had. The bread was soft and delicious and the shrimp was plenty and fresh. I really wanted to have the oysters, but they were out of stock *sad face.*Next time I visit, I would like to try the peach cobbler dessert, and I hope they will have the oysters in stock too. So delicious!
5	I really don't know how I lived in this neighborhood for this long...and didn't realize Flavors of Louisiana was here.OK, that's not entirely true. This place is tucked in a little strip mall next to the LA Fitness place next to Walmart. If you aren't looking for it, you won't find it.But you need to find this place. Quickly. This place serves incredibly tasty Cajun food. My wife used to live in SE Texas and says it's as authentic as you'll get.As other reviewers have already noted, this place won't overwhelm you with ambiance. Which is just fine, because you're here for the food. We had catfish, alligator tails, shrimp, dirty rice, and red beans and rice. It was all fresh, cooked to perfection, and was enhanced by the real Louisiana Hot Sauce. If you like tartar sauce and get fish, make sure you get some of their Cajun tartar sauce. Good stuff, Maynard.Tip: we got there about 11:30am, and had no trouble finding a seat. But this place gets crazy busy for lunch. Come at noon, and you might want to get it to go.Tip #2: this isn't a budget place to get food. Po' Boys run about $10, and my plate was $14. But it's worth it. Save up and splurge on great food.
4	If you're looking for authenic Southern Louisiana cooking in the phoenix area then this is the place to go.  I know it is far drive for a majority of the residents in the valley, but I have to admit it's really worth it.  Located in Avondale right off I-10 in another strip mall like everything else in this metro area is a place for cajun lovers.The po-boy sandwiches are great and you can choose to have a variety of meat on them such as shrimp, oysters, catfish, crawfish, tilapia, or alligator(I know I just said alligator).   The flavors with spices come together to make a great feast and are not to spicy as true cajun food is not supposed to be to hot over powering the meal.  Not to forget their chicken and gumbo soup.  What a flavorful delight this is!  I highly recommend trying some gumbo while here.The atmosphere here is somewhat boring looking somewhat like a fast food cafeteria.  The highlight is a wall dedicated for LSU fans with purple and gold as I'm sure the owners are showing off some of their roots.  Prices are average as one person will spend between $9 and $12 which I feel is totally worth it.I don't frequent this part of town, but when I'm in the area again or on my way to a spring training game in Goodyear I just might have to stop by.  This place is great for anyone wanting to try cajun food for the first time or for the southern style connesiour.
4	The only thing keeping me from giving the place five stars is the price.  It's a hole-in-the-wall little restuarant and the food is awesome but pricey for the quantity and type of food you get.  For example, a cup (not bowl) of chicken gumbo is $6.50 and red beans and rice is $6.25.  I think that's expensive but maybe others disagree.  The two times we've been there though, we were never disappointed.  I especially liked their boudain balls and the hubby liked the homemade chips.  Everything there is pretty much fried or smothered in sauce and if you know cajun, you know the sauce is not desirable for those watching their weight!  It's a family-owned business and we always try to support that.  If only their prices were more reasonable, we would go there more often but as far as the food goes, Flavors will not disappoint!
5	This is the best Cajun place in Arizona. The portions are great and the people behind the counter are really nice. I love gumbo and I have tried several kinds here and all of them were excellent. Yes the decor isn't 5 stars but seriously if you're more worried about mood lighting and soft cushions you can go to Pappadeaux's and get charged an arm and a leg for lower quality food. the drive and the price are definitely worth it for this place.
4	THANK GOD!!! I have finally found a REAL Cajun place here in the big AZ. It is a bit of a drive for me but at least I can get my fix of real Cajun food when I need it.    So far I have tried the Boudin balls, the red beans and rice, the oyster Po-boy, the catfish, the dirty rice, the shrimp creole, the deep fried shrimp, the seafood gumbo and the peach cobbler. EVERYTHING was excellent except the peach cobbler. But I will admit I am not a peach cobbler fan to begin with. The bread they use for the Po-boys is fantastic. Very good flavor and nice and soft but not to soft to be mushy by the second bite. There shrimp is some of the best I have ever had. Light as can be with a fantastic flavor. The service was great as well. The two sisters that run the place were very nice and helpful.     I recommend giving this place a try, I know you wont regret it. I would  eat here more often but its 26 miles one way. One of the sisters did mention they are going to be opening another place just like this by Arrowhead mall in about a year. This is good and bad. Good that I can get my Cajun fix much more often. Bad because I may end up weighing 400lbs in a month. This food is just damn good.
5	Can't wait to go here again. Had the shrimp po-boy and some homemade banana pudding. I'll write more as I try different things on the menu, but what I did have was delicious.
5	This. Place. Is. GOOD. Very good! My husband had been nagging me to try this little place, but we are late dinner people when we're out, so the "earlier than most restaurant closing hours" didn't mesh with our schedule for a few weeks. It was worth the hassle to coordinate!! The Dirty Rice was incredible, and may just be my new favorite order out comfort food. We also had fried oyster Po' Boys, and oh my heck, they were THE most incredible sandwiches EVER. Give this tiny lil place a try, family and locally owned!!!!
4	Got the oyster Po-Boy & rice and beans side & my husband got the shrimp Po-Boy and seafood gumbo side.  Yummy and tasted authentic.Take note that the Po-Boy is HUGE and could be eaten by 2 people, especially if you each order sides.  I felt that after eating 3/4 of the oyster Po-Boy, I got a bit sick of it because it wasn't balanced by something more light.  I was craving a piece of fruit or something to lighten up my palatte so I could finish the Po-Boy.  I could've been happy with just half the Po-Boy.
4	I was the first customer in today when they opened.I was about to order what I thought was too much food at too much money, when I saw the lunch specials on the back page.So - for under $10, I got to try the gumbo AND a po boy!  I opted for the catfish po boy, gladly accepted the side or Louisiana Hot Sauce (I am out at home!) and took the food home with me.I was very impressed with the po boy - fish was hot, crisp and moist - bread was perfect - lettuce and tomato fresh as can be!  I honestly couldn't tell if it was dressed with mayo or remoulade (guessing it was a combo of the two...not enough flavor to be remoulade, too much for mayo) - but once I put some Red Spot on it, the sauce didn't matter too much, anyway.That filled me up, so the gumbo was eaten out of the fridge a few hours later.  The chicken pieces were big and moist, the andouille was sliced thin and the overall flavor was so smokey perfect I was sad to only have a small cup of it!When I first was taught to make gumbo, I heard you need to either use okra OR file.  (A powder made from sassafras.)  I generally use both - but the lack of okra didn't detract from the perfect balance this gumbo was!A coworker commented to me several weeks ago the gumbo was too "soupy."  Not sure what his gripe was here...every bowl of gumbo I enjoyed in NOLA was just this texture.Happily, my sister lives nearby - so now that I have been, I will be back again and again!(Note to Miss Jennifer - I will be in on Saturday to enjoy a beignet!  I hope the coffee is with chickory!)
5	I had the shrimp po boy, dirty rice, and catfish with some delish sweet tea!!! ALL was excellent and we received very good service all around...will be back soon!!You can also get delivery here through You Buy and We Fly: http://youbuyandwefly.deliverycheckout.com/
4	This place is way tasty!!!  I ordered the shrimp Po Boy and some Jambalaya.  I wasn't aware the sandwich came with a side order of your choice.....I got the red beans and rice...   The bread the sandwich comes on is so fluffy and fresh, the shrimp are crusted with panko I believe.  The shrimp and fixings are super fresh tasting too.  I will definitely be coming back.  I gave a 4 stars out of 5 just because I was craving a Muffaletta and it wasn't even on the menu, and also for them being closed on a Sunday.  I drove a distance and didn't know that they would be closed on a Sunday, so I was a little upset about that.  But set that aside and the staff was friendly and the food top notch.  Try it out it's good stuff.
4	I haven't reviewed Flavors of Louisiana yet? Really?!Well, let me tell you, I've been there a lot of times, and they do it RIGHT. There aren't a lot of tables, but I can't remember ever seeing people waiting for a seat despite a constant flow of traffic in and out of the place.I had their oyster po boy and it was really good. They used a great balance of corn meal to flour (slightly more corn meal, making it crispier and trapping the juiciness inside better). They knew what I meant when I said "make it dressed with hot sauce." The bread almost tasted fried, but it is the best French bread this side of the Mississippi River. The oysters were definitely from the Gulf; it was a fantastic taste of home.I had my 2 girls with me, and I ordered their daily special; fried catfish smothered in shrimp etoufee. I had them serve it separately, and my older girl loved the etoufee, while my younger loved the catfish.I also had their red beans and rice, and that held its own. I wasn't crazy about their rendition of chicken and sausage gumbo, as it wasn't dark enough, but the seafood gumbo was very good. They diced up the holy trinity (celery, onion, bell pepper) to appropriate sizes.A word of warning; the sweet tea is done too sweet for some Southerners and definitely too sweet for most in Phoenix. Get the regular and sweeten it yourself.They could use more drink options (no alcoholic beverages), and they ran out of 2 dishes plus their bread pudding on my last visit, but if you want truly authentic cajun seafood, this is the place to go. It's one of maybe 10 restaurants of ANY kind in the Valley that could survive in New Orleans, and when you're able to do that with non-local seafood, that's pretty darn impressive.Be aware that they're closed on Mondays; I've made the trek to Avondale more than once to discover that I picked the wrong day.
5	Dear Flavors of Louisiana, I love you. - Kristen A. We had the crab landry and scrimp po'boy last night. Amazing as always! No matter what we get, I am never disappointed. No matter how slammed this place is, the service is stellar. They always make us feel like we are not only welcome, but family. I will see you soon flavors.
2	I ordered the catfish po'boy, chicken gumbo, and the red beans and rice... the po'boy was pretty good while the gumbo was ok at best, i will never recommend the red beans and rice. Not the greatest place but i will revisit for the alligator po'boy and sea food gumbo, so far i am unimpressed but i'll go here before i drive all over the valley to get my cajun fix... i just hope the second time will be better
3	OK, so you are probably wondering why is a NY gal writing a review on a Creole restaurant? I thought the same thing. I do not like Creole food per say ( Crawfish and Aliigator-??? seriously? Teehee. I still have nightmares  of those lil crawfish guys screaming when my friends had to cook them live at the catering resort I used to work at)  but I take chances on eating so when my friend said, "Lets go here my hubbie likes it and we can bring him some take out".  I said, "sure". (I always forget Cajun style cooking is not the same as Creole food-lol!) Add to the fact I am on a diet and really there wasn't much I could eat here since everything is deep fried and i do not like catfish. But this is what I observed while I was there. The southern customers in this place were raving about it. It is one of the few places they told me ( if not only) around town that has alligator if you like that. And now the reason for my review. Ok , wait for it-------The BREAD PUDDING! OMG! it is delish here! Some of the best I have ever had. Now they serve it with this white, sweet whiskey sauce. My friend and I have no pride and no shame so we were actually drinking the stuff right out of the little to go container. We were probably drunk all afternoon. LOL! Nay the alcohol cooks off so they say, but does it????HMMMMM!  But folks you heard it here first go and try it. So if you like Creole food you might like it. ( my friend says their portions are to small) But more importantly if you like dessert first, go for the bread pudding, like daily and if you like fancy whiskey sauce move in- I heard they have a cot in the kitchen-teehee!. Ok so there is my light-hearted review. Enjoy. I will go back and try a Poboy for sure. I had these rice style deep fried balls that were really gross! I definitely won't be ordering them again! (But they are suppose to be a southern comfort food-BLAH!!!!!!)
2	As a Louisiana native, I was not impressed.
4	I just recently visited NOLA and I'm so excited I found Flavors of Louisiana. I love that I can get alligator here! Sure, it's a tad pricey but Arizona doesn't exactly have local gators so it's very worth it. Everything looks and smells amazing every time I go in, but I just can't stray away from my fried alligator Po'Boy...delicious!! Also, try the locally brewed Sonoran root beer...it's the perfect beverage for their sandwiches. LOVE this place!
2	I would have to say that my husband and I didn't enjoy our experience here, we ordered two po boy sandwiches and two fountain drinks and the total bill was almost $30.00, for that price we could've had a sit down dinner and not fast food creole. As we ate, the server's children ran rampant through the restaurant, and there was discussion about whether she or her mother were going to be working or taking care of the children the following day. Then my husband walked up to the counter to get me a to go container and while he was talking to her, she answers her cell phone and practically ignores him. Terrible service and atmosphere, the po boys were actually good but not worth $10-13 a piece. We thought they had made a mistake on our bill when we saw it was $27.00, that's pricey for fast food sandwiches!
5	Fantastic. Shrimp creole was great. So was the chicken and sausage gumbo. I will be coming back.
4	Sooo Good. Shrimp Po' Boy is my fav, but everything is worth the price and the drive.
4	Po Boy was awesome, i suggest catfish, craw fish, or gator. price is good, they also knocked down the wall so it's bigger now.They are also now open on Mondays.USEFUL?!?!
5	We went back of a long overdue visit, and were surprised to find that they really spruced up the place! They have expanded into the space next door, and dressed it up with bright colors, a fanciful bayou-themed mural, and tablecloths. Yes, there is even now some zydeco to serenade you while you eat.As always, the food is just as good as I remembered. Maybe even better.
4	I had a shrimp po' boy when I came here and it was delicious! The shrimp was crisp and the bread was fresh.The only problem was the wait. I had to wait over 20 minutes for a po' boy and a sandwich. Maybe it was because I went on a Friday or maybe it could be contributed to the time went into making it. None the less, waiting for food that long on a to-go order wasn't what I expected.The owner was very friendly and even offered samples to those who did not know what gumbo.If you're looking for a fancy Cajun restaurant this is not it. The decor was nothing to brag about. But if you want to impress your family and friends by taking them to a place with good down home cooking then definitely stop by and give them a try!
5	Love the food and the non-casual atmosphere. A haven for a seafood junky like me :o)
4	Went with the family and I had the crawfish po'boy and my brother had the Saturdays catfish special. We both enjoyed our meal, I loved the bread the po'boy was served with!  I love seeing local businesses with great offerings. If ur around u should try it out!
5	First time ever having Cajun food and I was so pleased and surprised. I took my husband here for our anniversary because its been so long since he has had Cajun food. I was very nervous and he was hoping it would meet the standards of the food he had in Louisiana. I had no reason to be worried if I would like it. He ordered boudan balls and I had fried gator po boy. Omg. So good. The atmosphere was very casual yet so friendly. The woman who helped us was very helpful and we tried some samples and "momma" made crackling...wow so good. I took some home. Oh and the pecan cheese cake was the topping on the cake. All around a great night.
4	Okay, the place is no frills, simple, would almost qualify for Triple D... Except, it TASTES good.  We've been to a few Triple D joints and most have been disappointing, making me wonder how much they pay to grab Guy's attention and the publicity.  Flavors of Louisiana brings it!!!!  Flavor, taste, smell, appearance, and portion... All good.  What would make them great?  One thing... Liquor license... so I could have a beer with my fab fish!Glad I grabbed the 'go' box because I had serious craving the next day. It reheated perfectly and I learned that the flavor was really the ingredients and not over saturation of grease.Momma loved her Gumbo and appreciated that there were NOT huge slimy chunks of okra in it.  The main man and I had oysters, chicken, and catfish... All worthy of ordering again and again and again.  I enjoyed the tater salad but we both thought the dirty rice could have used more meat in much, much larger pieces.  As it was the meat was so minimal and small it could not be tasted even though I could see it... That, and the lack of beer, were the only down sides to our kickin' Lous-E-anna experience!
5	Second visit, second wow!  As a displaced coastal Texan, I miss great seafood and the the flavors of Cajun friend's cooking.  I think I have found a new home.  The gumbo is thinner than I prefer, but is otherwise to die for.  All of my order was served too hot (thermally) to eat.  It is a bit cruel to have to smell the aroma of great food while waiting for it to cool.  Clearly, everything is cooked to order.  Service is a bit slow, but very worth the wait.  A lot quicker than a flight to Louisiana.  This visit they were out of bread pudding with bourbon sauce . . . darn.  After I ordered fried green tomatoes, they let me know they were out  also . . . darn.  After stuffing myself on seafood gumbo, fried catfish, boudin balls and red beans and rice, I saw banana pudding on the daily special menu.  The waitress said it was scratch made.  OK, this was a challenge.  Restaurants usually open a number 10 can of pudding and adorn with some sliced bananas.  I've never had decent banana pudding unless I made it because I make excellent banana pudding.  Wow, this one was too close to call.  Definitely scratch made.  A bit pricey for a plain diner style restaurant.  I paid around $30 for my dinner.  As a food snob, I usually don't get out of restaurants for under $75.  If you want cheap, stick to McDonald's.  Quality is worth the price.  I got more than my monies worth. So, in two visits, I've been impressed twice.  Thanks for serving my ultimate comfort food.
4	Absolutely awesome food.  I love their fried catfish, whether it's in a po boy or all by its lonesome.  I come from Nebraska, where we get fresh catfish right out of the lake and fry it up that night, so I'm a bit of a catfish snob.  I give their fish the thumbs up.Every time I've been here, I've loved everything about the place and prior to my most recent experience, I would have given them 5 stars, hands down.  However, I had a strange experience with one of the servers there this past weekend and can't get over it.I ordered the catfish dinner, which specifically states on the menu is 4 catfish strips, a side, and a roll.  Everything comes out, tastes great, and I notice after eating a couple of french fries that I only have 3 strips.  No big deal, I went up to the counter with the food to let them know they forgot one, and asked if I could please get the 4th.  Well, the server taking the orders at the registers just stared at me when I asked.  I didn't really know what to do except repeat myself and I even asked her if I was correct, while showing her on the menu where it says 4 strips.  She continued to stare at me incredulously until she finally said "Fine, I'll bring you another one."...Okayyyyy.  So odd.  It's not like I ate a strip as fast as I could and ran up there to report to her that I was missing one, hoping against hope that I'd con them out of an extra catfish.  I mean, it's wonderful, but I'm not that desperate.Other than that, the place is great and I totally recommend it.  Hopefully, the server was just having an off day and there won't be a repeat of rudeness :).
5	I'm totally in a wonderful state of shock.  Not even a week after writing my review, the owner of the restaurant sent me a private message apologizing for the experience I had and offered to comp my next meal.  What a wonderful, attentive business owner.  The fact that I only have 4 reviews and am a relatively new Yelper didn't matter a bit.  Mad props to Flavors, I am completely impressed.
5	Wow what a great little place. Growing up in Louisiana and longing for a shrimp or Po-boy, Flavor of Louisiana you have answered the mail and talk value, you get your monies worth...........
5	True Louisiana cooking!Staff is helpful and if you have a question about a food they carry they give you a sample. Dessert is a must and 2 people can easily share 1 plate.
5	Delicious. Enough said. Oh and the customer service is always good. Best family owned restaurant in the area. I'm going again right now.
5	The food was AWESOME!!  I am impressed and I have suggested it MORE than once!! They are very welcoming to the military members.  Didn't get the banana pudding so I am sad about that but I am going back to get some!Putting the word out!
4	Stopped in here for lunch today, joined by Robyn N. & Mike C.  It's just a mid-sized cafe sort of a place, but I thought my meal was terrific!  I had an Alligator Po-Boy & fries (well done).  It was the first time I had ever tried alligator, & it was delicious, as was the whole sandwich.  The fries were tops too...  a generous serving, crispy outside & not greasy.Alligator Po-Boy & Fries $9.50     Yum!!     :-))
3	I need to qualify my review with the fact that I did not eat there, that does not mean that l did not try, my experience mirrors that of many others. At 630 on a Thursday night l foung 8 patrons inside,2 eating....4 at various tables nursing their 3rd refils of self service pop...2 lonely souls standing in line at an unoccupied register.when l querried the people in line as to how long they had been there and how long it had been since they had seen a live employee they replied "more than 5 minutes" l put my menu down and drove the 5 minutes to Raul and Teresa's on Litchfield road and had a great meal
5	The food here is excellent! The service is excellent! I'm hooked. I have been here a bunch of times. If anyone has a bad experience at this restaurant, I highly recommend you say something to them! They will fix it. And if you leave unhappy, go back and give them another try.
3	I wanted to try something different and unique and came across this place. They serve shrimp, crawfish and alligator amongst other things.So I decided to do something in the middle. I chose the 6" Crawfish po boy sandwich. Came with lettuce, tomatoes and a special sauce. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8Vpfy_WtcVvZS8Wfz7JQJA?select=mB5BltElI3XPFBiM7gH4eg Despite having this sauce on the sandwich, the crawfish was a bit dry, but some Louisiana hot sauce fixed that. The bread was thick and crispy too.From my understanding, after talking with a couple of Louisana folks, that "po boys" are usually pretty cheap. But my 6" sandwich was $10 and that's a little bit higher than usual.For my side, I upgraded with a $1 more, and got a small cup of chicken and sausage gumbo. Very hot and spicy. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8Vpfy_WtcVvZS8Wfz7JQJA?select=O1O8644v0j73kL-7e5C73Q Great stuff. I should have ate this concurrently with the sandwich instead of eating the soup first. The sandwich could have tasted better if I dipped it directly into the gumbo, who knows.I also tried a big bottle of Sonoran root beer. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8Vpfy_WtcVvZS8Wfz7JQJA?select=hgSfK9VzLLuKS4WKpiC15A Very refreshing Arizona root beer. I liked their bottle label too. Cool stuff.So if you want to try something different, this place has several choices for you. The prices are slightly elevated but give it a shot.
4	Very authentic. Great Gumbo.
4	Me and my wife (both chefs) stopped in for a date night.  We wanted something a little different and not from a chain restaurant.  We started off with fried pickles, my wife is a huge fan of pickles but, gasp, had never had them fried.  They were an amazing start to our meal.  She chose a muffaletta with cajun chips for her entree.  The chips with cut thick, which is rare to find, but delicious.  The meat on the sandwich was great and the actual mix was so good, I could have eaten it on damn near anything.  I had the two meat plate with alligator and shrimp, the alligator had good flavor but was a little bit chewy.  The shrimp were perfect; not too much breading and cooked perfectly.  The staff was so friendly and explained all of their sauces and were everything you would want from food service staff.  The plus about it is the fact that it is a locally owned, family owned restaurant.  We're already spreading the word.
5	Have eaten here many times and is one of our favorites in town. The food is spectacular and we look forward to it on a regular basis. I can't speak to all of the menu because I like the shrimp po-boy and red beans and rice so much it is all I ever get. I don't think I've had a better sandwich.I did have a small service issue a couple months ago and the owner bent over backwards to make it right and resolved my issue completely.Went back for lunch today and was better than ever.
5	my boyfriend and I stopped by for an early dinner and there are zero complaints about this location.  It's a small shop, family-owned and the food was amazing (as long as you like cajun-style food).  My boyfriend is a huge fan of cajun food, spent a lot of time in New Orleans and loved the authenticity of FOL.  I am not nearly as familiar with cajun food and tried the fried pickles and alligator combo.  I loved it.  The helping was GENEROUS and definitely enough for leftovers.  The restaurant is going to be opening a second location in Phoenix and it should definitely be visited.
5	Let's start by disclosing that I grew up in New Orleans, went to school in Lafayette (home of the Ragin Cajuns), and REALLY know good New Orleans/cajun food. I grew up eating great po-boys, gumbo, red beans, and wouldn't consider eating any of these if not well prepared. That said, I can truly say that Jennifer and the Flavors of Louisiana gang make cajun food as good as any you'll find in New Orleans--SERIOUSLY. The po-boys are spot on (though the bread could be a little crustier) and the chicken & andouille gumbo is even better than mine--and, I assure you, that's DAMN GOOD. Frankly, I've never had better. The only thing that is not "as good as it gets" is the red beans and rice. They're good, but not quite the creamy "Washday Monday" staple that I grew up on. My cajun grandmother has Jennifer beat on that one, but not by much. But, if you want a special treat and want to taste something that kills all, get a sausage po-boy. Hot sausage or smoked sausage po-boys are a New Orleans staple and my favorite po-boys of all. But, Jennifer blows them all away with her home-made andouille. Simply put, I've never had better sausage--ever. It's the reason her gumbo is soooo good and her po-boy the best ever.I've eaten at Flavors many times, even though I live across town. Every time I go, I eat like a pig and bring some home to eat later. I have no affiliation with the restaurant, but wanted to post this as a review from someone who really knows New Orleans food and as a thank you to Jennifer and her crew for giving me a source for the best flavors in the World (not just Louisiana). As a matter of fact, I even overlook the fact that Jennifer is from Baton Rouge, instead of New Orleans or Lafayette and for not having any USL/UL Lafayette paraphernalia on the LSU/Saints wall. At least that is, so long as she keeps her promise to open another restaurant on the east side of town--that is, a lot closer to where I live.If you want the ONLY good cajun food in Phoenix, treat yourself to Flavors of Louisiana. For me, it's just like a visit to any of my favorite po-boy shops in the old neighborhoods. It really is that good.
5	I love this restaurant!! I have to stop by every time I'm in Arizona. I recommend the shrimp po'boy, delicious.
4	Visited this place with co-workers and ended up going three times in a week.  It's uber-yum, comfort food type of fare.  I'm not knowledgeable about Cajun food, but one person I know from Louisiana who has been to this place said it's, "Really, really good.  You have to try her Mufasala!"  And yes, I'm translating that last word.  All I recall is that is sounded like the name of Simba's father.  I have had the chicken and sausage gumbo, the shrimp etoffee (sp?), and the crab landry.  All were worth the visit.Nice crew serving.  Fast and conversational.  It's cafeteria style after you order and have your food, though.  Self-serve drinks and table busing.Pretty sure that if you visit, this place will be one of your regular spots, too.
4	Their gumbo is awesome, full of flavor but not too spicy or overpowering.  They also have good fries for the kids.
5	The food taste great! We have eaten here 2 nights in a row and they have yet to disappoint. 1st night was the catfish & oyster combo and my hubby had the shrimp Po Boy,  It was a pretty hefty serving of deliciousness! 2nd night was the gumbo and red beans & rice plate, totally hit the spot. They even serve alligator. I love this place!!!
5	I used to live in Beaumont, TX which is about 30 minutes from LA. As a result, I would eat killer cajun food. Since I moved from there I haven't had anything as good UNTIL I came to Flavors of LA! U gotta have the boudin balls but have them roll them in cornmeal instead of flour. The catfish is great and the red beans and rice to die for!!!! Enjoy
5	I love this place. I have been in my home for just about two years and I am sad that I found this treasure just about seven months ago. What was I missing? So much goodness, that's what. I order everything with a few boudin balls!!! The people who work there are really nice. I was not sure if I wanted to order dessert and they offered me a taste. The bread pudding is wonderful. It has no yucky raisins and the greatest sauce ever to pour on top. If atmosphere is your thing than this may not be the place for you. Forget that...it's the place for anyone. I get takeout from them once or twice a month and they never disappoint.
5	Second time at this restaurant and it was just as yummy as before. Great specials, great food and great service.
2	Ok so lets start off with that I was really excited to try this place. I have been on this cajun food kick since my unexpected cancellation of my New Orleans trip and having a big Mari gra pot luck at work. I read the reviews and saw nothing but good things about this place. Javier and I went here on a Friday about 2 weeks ago. We both ordered the same thing. ( I usually like to order different things so we can taste each others food). We had a shrimp po boy with seafood gumbo and sweet tea. Lets start off with the good. The po boy was delicious, I liked it alot. The portion was huge, we ordered the half one and it was still a very good size so I could imagine the full size one. The bread was toasty but not too hard and the sauce in the po boy had a really good flavor. I topped it off with some Louisianna hot sauce which made it just that much more better. Second, the sweet tea was delicious. I love that it was brewed tea not the typical fountain nestea kind filled with artifical flavor. Since Javier and I both dont drink sodas finding a good beverage alternative is always a plus. Ok and now for the bad, and I really hate to do this because I really wanted to like this place alot. Im picky in the kind of seafood I eat, so I asked the cashier what kind of seafood in the gumbo. Given that I was in there on a Friday during Lent this was the only kind available. They had told me only shrimp and crab, perfect since those are two kinds of seafood I actually like. So when we get our order the gumbo smells really fishy, not typical of shell fish. I look through it and it looks as there is crawfish in there as well. I know for sure I do not like crawfish and if they would have told me that was included in the gumbo I for sure would have ordered another side. This isnt even the worse part. In Javier's gumbo there was something green and slimey looking. We had no idea what it was, looked like it could have been octopus tentacles or fish guts. Really it was that wierd looking. I now wish I would have taken a picture of it just to find out what the heck it was. Now I can admit I am a hard person to please with food, Javier on the other hand will eat almost about anything. Now for something to make this man not finish his food has to be really bad. Also the place was kind of pricy, our total bill was $14.00 and that included a buy one get one free meal coupon from the Entertainment book and 2 drinks. Needless to say we will not be returning. Yes I loved the sweet tea and the po boy, this was not enough to return back or to spend our $$$ there.
4	Dunkin catfish was my fav but everything was good.
3	We went thre for lunch,  it was not too busy.  Husband and I both ordered catfish, I had red beans and rice and he had gumbo.  I liked the catfish but did not care for the red beans and rice.  I tried my husbands gumbo, did not like it either.  But thats just me cause he seemed to like it.  Im not sure we will go  back as it is a bit pricey.  They had NO sweet tea and the unsweetened tasted awful so opted for soda.   I have never had a muffeletta and want to try one, dont see a review here for that.  Oh and with no one there, the service was VERY slow, waited forever for food, was freezing in the dininig area.  Eating out of strofoam is never my idea of eating out either.Well have been back twice since, the muffeletta was delicious, the bread was outstanding. I only order the catfish and fries as that seems to always be delicious and my favourite,  it grows on you and when you want hot catfish this is the place to go.  Service was better this time.  Husband has been there twice without me for a gator poorboy but so far they have been out.   Oh and the tea was fresh and tasted good these last two times.   He likes the gumbo,  I do not.
4	We were in the neighborhood looking for something to eat and with the positive yelp ratings, we decided to try Flavors of Louisiana. We arrived at 7:40 on a Saturday night and were surprised to realize that it closed at 8pm. In my opinion, that seems a bit early to close on a Saturday night.  The decor was charming with a wood plank-like floor and Burbon Street meets bayou decor. Upon entering, we stepped up to a window and ordered: fried pickle appetizer, I had the chicken and shrimp dinner and the husband had the crawfish po' boy. We also ordered the peach cobbler for dessert.Now a $6 appetizer seemed a bit steep, but when we received the food, it was enough for 6 people! They were full strips of pickles -- not little picke chips. And they were delicious! I love fried pickles.I guess when you get down to it, it's all just deliciously spiced fried food, but this was really good! It was not too spicy which is sometimes a problem with Cajun food.all of the accompanying sauces were very flavorful and added a lot to the food. My husband really liked his po' boy as well. Included with each meal is a delicious fried roll. I mean, really. Who knew that southern food had a doughnut equivalent. OK, so it's not a doughnut. it's a deep fried dinner roll -- crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. It's a really great invention.After chowing down on the generous portions, we ended up taking up the peach cobbler and ice cream home. Now maybe it was because we took it home, but I didn't really like the peach cobbler. I expected it to be more peachy and buttery.  My husband ended up eating most of it.So my nutritionist will kill me when she finds out about this meal, but for a cheat meal, it totally hit the spot. If I am ever back in Goodyear, (which is not very often) I would love to eat here again. We will probably make a trip out there to take my mother-in-law, who LOVES etoufee. We are fans!
4	Despite the nondescript outside, the onslaught of the spirits of the South that assault your nostrils tells you a totally different story. Guess there is a deficit on gator at the moment until June which was a tad disappointing but the girl behind the counter, daughter of the owner and (from the accent) a transplant from the south, was the most accommodating person ever and made us feel like family with alternate selections. Had both the fried green tomatoes and the fried pickles. Each were excellent in their own right, with either a Cajun mustard or remoulade sauce. I had the Dunkin Catfish; 3 large strips of catfish, breaded by angels, and covered in crawfish entouffee. The amount of food was amazing.  If it's your first time there, plan on spending more than the one-$ listed, the more authentic creole dishes are a tad more pricey but completely worth it. Word to the wise, save room for dessert, the peach cobbler was amazingly over the top.
5	The food at Flavors of Louisiana really is spectacular and we look forward to eating here on a regular basis. Excellent Catfish, Gumbo, Red beans and Rice, Smoked Sausage. I am looking forward to trying other dishes. This is a must try!!  =0)
5	Best food I have had outside of Louisiana. I took my mom here on her last visit. That was all she wanted the next two days she was here.
5	An amazing place to eat. I lived in the south for about 6 months, so when i first went here and heard accents, and obvious displaced southern folk, i knew this place was gonna be good. Everything i have eaten here is delicious, and the staff are incredibly friendly. Do yourself a favor and check this place out. and if you feel bad you can go burn off what you ate at LA fitness next door
4	Yum!  Best fried catfish I have ever had.  The staff is super friendly the food is great.  The desert menu changes daily but if you have the chance to try the bread pudding, go for it!  The shrimp etouffe is a great buttery, garlic wonderland in your mouth.
2	I was not impressed by this and I really wanted to be. I got the gumbo and shrimp po-boy. I have had po-boy's in St. Louis which shares a lot of food culture with Louisiana and this one just wasn't up to par. It seemed like frozen popcorn shrimp on some bread with a ton of mayo and some lettuce. The gumbo was kind of bland and reminded me of the stuff from a progresso can.I may be willing to give this place another shot but it won't be until after I finish exploring my other lunch options in the area.
5	I have no earthly clue why I haven't written this review before now... although it probably has something to do with my hands being busy shoveling catfish into my mouth. I can't say enough about how much I LOVE this place! I'm not much of a fish person, but I would smack my mama for some Flavors of Louisiana fried catfish. (Just kidding, Mom!) I'm also a huge fan of their shrimp po' boys, fried shrimp, peach cobbler and bread pudding - pretty much everything I've tried. A friend of mine swears there's nothing better than their dunkin' catfish (served on Saturday), but I haven't tried it yet. If it ain't broke, don't fix it, and I've been ordering the catfish, shrimp and fries for the last year at least. Tip: don't you dare skip the dinner roll. It's delicious and worth every carb!
4	Po Boys here are great. I switch between Alligator, Crawfish and Shrimp.  They're all tasty.
5	Mmmmmm mazing... Fried alligator po boy! Best service! Staff is friendly! Great environment! I love it!
1	I talked my family in to going there for my birthday. I am one of those people who can eat anything with out getting sick. This place did the trick! I was sick for 24 hours. If you take the fryer out of that restaurant they won't be able to cook at all. Even the dinner roll saw the inside of the deep fryer! I so wanted it to be good. Very sad it wasn't!
4	The po boys were the best! Catfish and shrimp po boys are recommended! The jambalaya on Monday's are great that was a small portion but still good! The chicken strips also a great choice!
5	As always the food and service were exceptional. The Oyster poboy is flavorful and the red beans and rice is great. Great place to eat.
4	Great food, great prices, amazing portions.. try anything on the menu and you will be satisfied.
5	This is quickly becoming my favorite place to eat out! Everything I have had here has been excellent. The shrimp po boy is wonderful and the gumbo, wow! I tried the catfish for the first time today and it was perfect. Every time I leave this place I'm planning the next time I'm going to come back.
4	Cajun/Creole in the West Valley.....wow what a treat. Now while on this day I didn't have any of the food entree's.... I did have the dessert. The special today was peach cobbler with vanilla ice cream.....and let me state for the record it was THE BEST peach cobbler I HAVE EVER had served to me in restaurant. Now trust me when I tell you.....if it is on the menu the day you decide to visit this establishment......ORDER IT ASAP. The reason I say that is because it is not on the EVERYDAY menu.....that really needs to change by the way. If you have read any of my other reviews you will notice I am a bit of an expert when it comes to eating out and having great food.....well you can add this review to that list. I don't know when I will be passing through these neck of the woods again....but when I do "Flavors of Louisiana" will definitely be a "MUST STOP". Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
5	I was born and raised in New Orleans.  I do not make this statement lightly:  This is the best Cajun/Louisiana restaurant I've ever been to outside of Louisiana.  Period.  The best.Mrs. Jennifer and her staff get it.  They understand that food from Louisiana is spicy flavorful,  not just spicy spicy.You can not compare Flavors to other "Cajun" restaurants.   If you've only been to Papadeaux's or Baby Kay's you will find that the food is different.  That's because Flavors is authentic and the others are not.  You can only compare it to actually authentic Cajun restaurants in South Louisiana. The restaurant has come such a long way with expansions in the dining room, kitchen and menu offerings.  This Louisiana boy is so happy that Ms. Jennifer chose to share her talents with the world.
4	Husband and I went for dinner and we really liked the food.  He had a shrimp PO-boy and I had the Crab Landry.  The crab dish was good but a bit too much rue.  The shrimp that came on top is what made it good.  We both agree the best part was the red beans and rice he got as a side.  We took home what was left (PO-boy filled him up) and I reheated it and mixed it with my gumbo and it was great.  4 stars because I had to wait awhile for my plate while my husband was almost done with his due to mixup in kitchen.   Loved drinking from a mason jar too! Just like home!  Go here if you want Cajun fast food and Pappadeaux's if you want a nice sit down Cajun meal.  Either way they are both good.
1	Don't order the catfish...they are selling swai fish which isn't real catfish. The texture, color, and the taste aren't the same. Very misleading !!!!! This is Not authentic food! You can do better by getting a box of zatarans dirty rice from the grocery store and just add water!!
5	Incredibly delicious food. A real kick from the south. A little on the pricey side, but well worth the extra buck. The portions are more than filling. If you want some superb down-south cooking, I would highly recommend this place over and over again.
5	Incredible food!!!!  Best Po Boy ever!!!!  Love all their specials!!!!  Cajun chips are the best!!!  This is a family owned and run business.  The owner is one of the best cooks in the country!!!
4	I had the catfish and dill potato salad. Hubby had a shrimp po'boy, dirty rice and red beans. Our food was delicious. We have eaten Cajun food all over the country and this was better than 99% of the other places. Sadly the other 1% was wiped out by the hurricane. The food was spicy but not hot just for the sake of being hot. Very nice young waitress who loved her job and the food she was serving. It was a pleasant surprise to see a teenager actually know what was on the menu, how it was prepared and care about our experience. For those who complain about the wait: when food is made to order it takes longer. If you don't like the wait go to a chain and order food prepared in a commissary and heated up in a microwave.
5	I just can't.I can't write about the amazing po' boys. The glorious boudin. The succulent fried green tomatoes. I especially can't write about the to-die-for peach cobbler a la mode.I can't write about it because I can't eat it anymore. I'm a little verklempt, please give me a moment...Ahem. Okay, that's better.Try the gumbo if you want to live dangerously, it's spicy! And the crawfish boil is one of the tastiest things I've ever eaten, if also one of the messiest.Go and eat all of the things. When you do, please have a shrimp po' boy for me.I'll just be over here, hoping for a miracle drug that allows me to ingest gluten. If that dream ever becomes a reality, Flavors of Louisiana will definitely be my first stop.UPDATE: I received the following message from the owner:Hi Beth, Man do i have good news for you. We have a lot of Gluten free items on our menu!!! Yes i was a nurse for 25 years before opening my restaurant and Celiac disease was just becoming a known thing. So we can blacken any of our meats for you with our gluten free blackening seasoning. Also we fry in a mixture of corn meal and corn flour so no wheat flour goes in it. Just ask for your fried foods to be done in the cornmeal mixture instead of the flour. We have french fries, cajun chips, potato salad, cole slaw, dirty rice and red beans are all gluten free. Also if you come on Monday we have our Jambalaya and that is gluten free as well. So come on back and let us feed you some good and i mean real good gluten free food!!Jennifer Goffowner
5	Love the crab bisque, seafood gumbo and shrimp poboy.  I also periodically need an order of boudin balls...
2	The food was actually quite good. However the service was the worst I had ever received. We were ignored for 15 minutes before we even got sat which was crazy. Then our server ignored us for over 15 minutes. We watched someone else get sat after us in the same servers area and she took there drink order, got them drinks and took there food order all before even talking to us. And our waitress was so clueless another waitress came over and asked if we had been helped. She then took our drink order and apologized that the waitress that had that table had been ignoring us.  Finally our waitress noticed us because someone else was helping us. So then in full view of us the waitress who had been ignoring us goes off on the other nice waitress. So the snotty, rude waitress helped us from there and the service just got worse. Later we heard the staff discussing how the manager was not there. Every employee in there appeared to be in high school.  The really good food does not make up for this terrible service...
2	My wife and I have been to Flavors several times. Great food, disastrous wait times. The food delivery process is clearly broken. They've managed to ruin a great concept with poor service.
5	Excellent food, reasonable prices, fast and friendly service. Highly recommend!
5	Great friendly little place. They have killer seafood gumbo and can't miss peach cobbler. Would highly recommend!
4	This was not my first time here, but the first time we ate in since they expanded. It was really good. My husband and I shared an appetizer of fried green tomatoes, which were thick cut, battered and fried to perfection.  We shared the Crab Landry (6" garlic toasted French bread covered in crab stew topped with 4 fried shrimp)  and an oyster po' boy. The iced tea, we did half sweetened half unsweetened, was perfect too. We finished the meal with some hot beignets covered in powder sugar. They were the perfect end to a great meal. We'll be back.
5	This place was surprisingly authentic tasting for being in Arizona.. The food came out quick and the service was good so I will definitely be recommending this place to anyone I know.
5	This place has great comfort food! The service is a little slow but other than that it's definitely worth trying out. If you're ever in the area make sure you stop by and try the pecan praline cheesecake!!!
4	I don't know how it took us 2 years to find this place!  The owner is from Baton Rouge, LA and so is my mother so it was a natural fit!  The restaurant is in the same parking lot as a Wal-Mart...don't be disturbed!  From the outside, this place looks a little sketch... GO IN!  They have everything you need for a New Orleans experience.  The Po Boys are amazing and so are the beignets!  The drinks come in mason jars; what more can I say? very authentic!  It was really busy when we were there so they were giving away free appetizers.  You wouldn't believe that a place like this exists in Avondale AZ so you MUST GO!
4	Wow... This place is great! Definitely try the alligator po' boy. Great service, great food! We will be back.
4	Came in on on Friday night in September. I really wanted some good food and the full parking lot reassured that I made the right choice. Sat down within 3 minutes, ordered food within 10 more minutes. Waited an HOUR for our food to come out!I ordered the 6" Shrimp Po Boy with dirty rice. Mom ordered the 6" Catfish Po Boy with Red Beans and Rice. A lemonade (yuck) and half order of Fried Green Tomatoes to go along. Bottom line:Atmosphere : 2 starsFood: 5 starsService: 4 starsWill be back to try something else and a dessert.
5	I love this place everything is literally made from scratch it may be a little pricey but its worth every penny, the po boys are good & the gumbo is excellent.
5	So unique! I have never been to LA but I am thankful that I have a restaurant near but recreating the food. We had Po boys and were in love! So yummy!!
4	Catfish, shrimp, red beans n rice were all great as usual. Always a pleasant time eating here.
5	Been a while since we've been back here as we decided to let our sodium levels drop back to normal. Certainly worth the wait.  Shrimp Po Boy was outstanding!
4	A little difficult to locate FOL but SO GLAD I did! Had the shrimp creole the first time I went and spicy gumbo the 2nd time. Both were delicious. Once for dinner - once for lunch. Good service both times. Will definitely put this on my list of places I frequent .. well, *frequently.*  ;-)
4	Has the best po'boy I've tasted (besides my dad's) hands down.  If you are ever in the mood for a shrimp po'boy then this is the place.  The Red beans and rice are pretty good, and so is the alligator.  All in all they have found a repeat customer with me
3	Have not eaten here in a long time and decided to give it a try and see if it was still as good as it used to be the last time we ate here.First, something on the shrimp PO'Boys was WAY too salty. My wife and I could barely eat it and did not finish either of them. I think it was the sauce but can't be sure. Man I'm suffering now.Second, we had two sandwiches and two drinks. I had a 12" and she had a 6". Two sandwiches (came with red beans and rice) and two iced teas cost us $37. That is way too expensive for sandwiches, especially ones we couldn't even eat. My sandwich alone was $17 before tax.I'm giving it three stars since it was so good in the past, maybe it was just an off night.
5	This place is amazing. Family owned diamond in the rough. I always get the shrimp po boy and the potato salad. Here is a protip: put TONS of the their Cajun seasoning on the potato salad. Oh man. So good. The wait isn't bad at all, keep in mind people, this isn't fast food. They make EVERYTHING fresh. Nearly everything is made in house. It's always a pleasure coming here.
5	This place has some of the best food I have ever had. Their po boy may just be the best sandwich i've ever had.Nice family run spot, with great service!
3	I've been here twice, the first time was very close to when they had opened up and they had a special seafood Landry which I had never had before and it was really good. The second time, I was here I found out that the Landry was only available as a special and not part of the normal menu - so no Landry. I opted for the catfish with fries, but this was definitely not on the same level as the Landry. I wasn't a big fan of the cornmeal used on the fish.  Well if you are here and the Landry is on the menu remember to order it.
4	My boyfriend and I were in the Avondale for the Nascar events this weekend and wanted to eat before hitting the road yesterday.  I found this place on Yelp and we decided to give it a try.  We were both very happy with our decision. I had a fried shrimp Po'Boy with Red Beans & Rice and he had the Jambalaya.  The shrimp in the Po'Boy had a light batter and was very fresh and the dressing had a nice flavor to it.  The bread was toasted and perfect.  The jambalaya had both chicken and sausage (huge chunks) and a distinct smoky flavor.  He said he was getting it from the rice, I felt it may have been more from the sausage or the chicken.  Either way, VERY good.We will definitely return the next time we are in town and plan to take friends and family as well.  It was a great family run restaurant and we wish them a Happy 5 year anniversary on November 18th!
4	Located adjacent from Wall-Mart. Order at the counter. Servers will deliver food to the table. Must have: Drunken Catfish, Po-Boys, and Peach Cobbler. Also good are the Gumbo, Banana Pudding, Beignets, and Gator.
2	My boyfriend and I decided to try this place and were not impressed. The service was very slow for an almost empty restaurant. I had the Red Beans and Rice Bowl. It was cold and the Cajun sausage in it was very bland. No flavor at all!!!  My boyfriend enjoyed his meal but not enough for us to go back.
5	I found this place online after looking for gluten free food in my area.  I visited New Orleans for the first time last month.  I loved walking in here and hearing the Cajun music blaring.  For those who have Celiac, nearly everything on the menu can be made gluten free, and without an additional charge.  I had fried shrimp, fried pickles, and cajun chips.  It was heavenly - especially after not having fried food at all in nearly 4 years!  My husband had an alligator po boy and gumbo.  He enjoyed it immensely.  I had a bite of his gumbo and it tasted just like the one that I had in NOLA.  This place is more authentic than Baby Kay's, and the service was great too.
5	The best cajun food ive ever had. ....happy 5th year I had brought my friend over there and he is from Louisiana and he has been in AZ for 5 years now and he always tells me how good food is back home and he can never find any real Louisianan Food so i tried the place out and thought it was amazing so i told him to come by and he drove all the way from the far east valley to try it out. This was my "Authentication Process" so he looked at the menu with a smile on his face and we ordered about half of the menu!!!He told me a story about everything we ordered and how it should be prepared.So by the time the food came and he started eating he forgot how to to talk and all that came out of his mouth was OOOOOHHHH and MMMMMMMM "its so good" he said and i asked him if it is the real deal and he shook his head and said YES!!! this is the real deal!!  Thats my story of this great place!!
4	This was interesting. Came here specifically to try the alligator for Mothers Day.Prices ok... not ridiculous. Cheap down home tables. Didn't expect anything else. Easy dress code. Alligator is cool. Tastes pretty yummy.Can order your items blackened. But you can order the fried stuff with corn instead of wheat! Very useful.Owner is fully aware of celiacs and gluten intolerance due to having been a nurse. Can do low sodium and vegetarian as well! I was so pleased with that.
5	It's AMAZING! Their shrimp po' boy is delicious!!! And last night was my first time having their peach cobbler.... It was marvelous!!! Definitely worth the drive!
4	Having the seafood gumbo with boudain and sweet tea... Like bwing in da Souf in da Wild Wild West
5	Food here is excellent, my favorite is the shrimp po boy. If you like good southern food, this is the place to go! I have eaten here many times over the last few years, and have NO complaints!!!
5	I found this place simply by checking to see what's "good in the hood" on foursquare. I am Gluten Free however, my man will go weak at the knees for a good Po'Boy... deciding to make his day I stopped in to get him one and upon walking in I see on the menu board the GF options. (Do you hear the angels singing???) The gal in the front was quick to offer a sample or two and they were delish! My order quickly expanded.   Now keep in mind, I DROVE the food back to Surprise, it was fabulous! I have not had GF food that enjoyable in some time! I absolutely LOVED it! He was thrilled to find there is a decent place to get some of his beloved southern favorites, he thought it was a great Po-Boy and the Gumbo was terrific... The GF fried green tomatoes with the sauce were wonderful and I absolutely enjoyed my GF catfish with the fantastic sauce! I have to say a smile spread clear across my face when the gal announced "Your order is ready Miss April!" I LOVE the South! Thank you for bringing that to the Westside! We will be back!
3	Good environment. Friendly and quick service. We ordered fried pickles and crab Landry, both were made well and tasted good. The reason for the 3 stars was because I was looking forward to trying the jambalaya so I ordered that for myself. It was a complete let down. It literally tasted like someone poured a bottle of liquid smoke into the dish. Aside from the overwhelming smoke taste, the rice was mushy and the sausage was burnt. I won't be getting that again. However, I am willing to give them another try but I will stick to a po' boy instead.
5	Very Nice place! I like the service! Very kind cashier! Food was good, I got the chicken sub with rice and beens! My friend guy the same! Their drinks come in a glass container! I will be back if I'm in this area! Good job guys :)
4	We had lunch here today for the first time and we picked it primarily because of the good Yelp reviews.  We were very happy with our selections and by happy...I mean, that I talked about my Shrimp Po Boy ALL THE WAY HOME.  When my husband would change the subject...I would say "Mmmm, that was so good.  I wish I had bought another one to take home"....and I wish I had:(    My husband had ordered the Crab Landry which was very good but I liked my Po Boy better. Mmmmm, it was so good.  The Schweet Tay was very sweet but with a hug chunk of lemon to cut thru...it was delicious.  I took my Gumbo home (I had ordered the Po Boy and Gumbo Combo) and I have to sadly say that it was so salty and I mean SALTY that it kind of burned my throat.  I hope they read these things cuz you can always add salt but you can't take it away.  I think it would have been really good if not for that, full of little shrimps and seafood.  Someone else had mentioned the Table Seasoning and I think she might have meant the Louisiana Gold Green Sauce...yum, yum yum.  I am definitely one who doesn't care for burning hot things and this has a bite with tang...just right, I even bought a bottle to go.  I think by the time we got done with our lunch and the extra sauce and a tip we had spent nearly $40.00...kind of high for us for lunch but did I say how GOOD that Po Boy was?Not a fancy place and that's just fine with us.  The staff was very friendly and the music was catchy and happy.We will definitely go back.
3	I had the seafood gumbo and tilapia po boy sandwich lunch meal. It was good. Just not enough gumbo. Had a side of red beans and rice for $2.99 it should be $1.99  prices are a bit expensive but food was good.
5	Love this place, been going here since we found out about them, wonderful food, decent prices, family atmosphere. Makes me miss home but the food is the best Cajun that I have had out here. It is a family run place and is super clean and very friendly staff. All the desserts are scrumptious. My favorites are the gumbo, red beans and rice, fried green tomatoes, fried dill pickles, and shrimp po-boy. Be sure to ask for some of their remoulade sauce to go with it. Yummy. They also have some creole mustard that is good too. Not a big fan of their cocktail sauce, but that is my only complaint.
3	Had dinner here last night.  I ordered the crawfish etouffee.  My wife had a chicken salad.  I am a big fan of cajun and creole food and had high hopes for FOL, but my opinion of the food is that it is only average.  The etouffee was a bit bland for me and did not have the rich savory flavor I have had in New Orleans.  My wife felt similarly about her salad.  The restaurant does not have a license to sell beer or wine so it's just soda pop, iced tea or lemonade for drink choices.  Personally, I love a good cold beer with my cajun so that was also disappointing.  Service was very friendly though.  They are very polite and attentive.  I might go back to try the gumbo.
5	This place is AMAZING!!! Everything they make is delish. We just finished a king cake and it was like we were back in Louisiana!
2	Went for dinner, my bill was around $70. When I received my food noticed I was missing the hush puppies.  I went back to be approached by a lady who asked me "mam what do you need." A better way would have been "how can I help you?" I told her about my missing item and she pulled up my order and said they didnt charge me for it. The young lady who took my order looked like she felt bad, mistakes happen. Okay, I paid for them and had to wait 10 - 15 minutes for them.  Got home in Buckeye, food was cold, fries soggy. Hush puppies that killed the rest of my order not so great. Gave two stars because fish was ok. Won't go back.
5	Tried this locally family owned restaurant for the first time, and I gotta tell you guys not only was it amazing but their staff was extremely nice. The kids try to help out, and they're just simply adorable (I love it!!!). Since it was our first time here and I looked into the reviews before ordering anything I highly recommend the po-boys :-) mmm mmm simply scrumptious !!#My bf got the gator po-boy, potatoe salad, and chicken sausage gumbo ( yes he definitely pigged out :-)) he had to take some to go. I ordered the shrimp po-boy and since I'm a Latin lady lol and I do love my spices I had to add some Louisiana hot sauce on that baby ...boy I'll tell you it was like heaven on earthJust like Arnold Schwarzenegger said (ok I think I got his last name spelled correct) lolI'LL BE BACK with an accent lol....sorry I'm just being silly...ok anyways guys, 5 stars to this little hidden gem in the west valley...by the L.A.fitness
5	I found this place on Yelp as I was looking for a restaurant in the Valley the served po boys and friend green tomatoes.  I was pleasantly surprised. The food was delicious, the staff was professional and friendly, and the ambiance took me back to Louisiana.  I plan on coming back to get my po boy fix and would recommend this place to anyone craving gumbo, fried green tomatoes and po boys.
3	We found this restaurant on Yelp. Visiting AZ for Spring Training and needed a place for dinner close to Glendale. Reviews sounded promising. We had a hard time finding the place but persevered. The place looked promising when we walked in because there were a lot of people there. A good sign. I had the muffuletta sandwich and husband had the jambalaya .  Both good. Serve was slow .  The gal said there was one less cook that day.  But the staff was very friendly and helpful and apologized. Others in the restaurant seemed to be enjoying their food, too
5	It's like the all mighty him/herself came down from heaven and delivered this place to us folk in AZ that have a love for Louisiana cooking ..  I spent a week vacation in The Big Easy for Mardi Gras and it feels food wise as if I was transported back there. My Co workers told me about this special place so glad i came for myself, give it a shot u won't regret it.  Just take you stretchy pants 1st..
5	This place is awesome! Great food great prices. If you're looking for something different while you're in Arizona them this is for you. It's a little hard to find but don't pass it up.
4	This is a really nice family owned restaurant that is located on the far West side of town. It is definitely worth the drive. Good friend from Louisiana told me about this place and her food. So I got in my car and had to check them out right away.Inside is very casual with a vibe that reminds me a eating in one of those smaller towns down south. Decor is very simple with touches of the bayou and it's critters sprinkled here and there. The smell of the food instantly puts me right into the zone.Really love the Cajun Food and the Cool Cajun Zydeco music playing playing in the back ground. They have both a lunch menu and a larger dinner menu. You can order off the dinner menu at lunch if you are really hungry. The portions are bigger and there are more choices.So far we have tried the Dunkin Catfish, the Alligator and Crawfish Po-Boys and both of the Gumbos. How can you go wrong with Catfish placed on top of rice and then covered with Crawfish Etouffee. We also tried the fried Green Tomatoes on our last visit.The food is cooked and seasoned with tender loving care. Everything taste fresh and the prices are very affordable. You can always add some extra heat by choosing one of the hot sauces to kick things up a notch.Service is friendly and helpful. This is not a well polished chain restaurant with robots reading scripted dribble. Just great food with a fun and tasty menu.Use your GPS if you are coming from way across town. They are located in a large shopping center towards the back and the sign is a little hard to see from the street. PARTY IN MY MOUTH!4.5 STARS
4	All in all this was a very good lunch. This is probobly the best cajun food available in Glendale, AZ or the surrounding area.Fried pickles were absolutely amazing and cooked perfectlyShrimp Po Boy was done just rightOnly gripe was the coleslaw which was too saucy for me, and a bit tart, it tasted like apple vinegar or something. Not so bad that I want to stay away...just something I wouldnt order again.Very nice staff and quick turn-around
5	Saw them featured on "Check Please, Arizona". Had to go. Glad I did! Funky little place in strip mall in Avondale. Don't let that keep you out. Food was excellent. Both my wife and I had the Shrimp Po Boys with cajun chips and shared an order of hushpuppies. There is no way you will leave hungry. Delicious and quite tasty. Do not miss out on this establishment!
5	I love Cajun cooking and this was wonderful! Great catfish, red over dirty, and crayfish. The peach cobbler was SOOOOO good. I highly recommend this restaurant. However, it is not for the "ambiance snob." It is like a family cafe (which is what it is) with very friendly staff. I will return!!
4	I am only giving these guys 4 stars because I don't really have much to compare to. I have never had a Po-Boy before I had it from Flavors of Louisiana, but I absolutely LOVE them now. I got the Chicken Po-boy and everything from the bread to the sauce to the chicken is great! Oh and fried green tomatoes are THE BEST! OH Oh ohhhhh, don't forget to get some sweet tea too! I love this place. Enjoy!
4	Always try and hit up the unique local joints when I'm travelling.   Flavors of Lousiana has the bonus of being near my company approved hotel so boo-yah!    I was excited to see Po' Boys on the menu but disappointed that the genesis of the Po' Boy - the roast beef with debris gravy - wasn't on the menu.  Seems a little counter intuitive.   Nonetheless, I had the crawfish po'boy which was on a very solid role and pretty darn tasty.  The gumbo was the star for me though - nice rich broth that you can tell came from a nice brown roux.   It was full of flavor and made me wish I had gotten the next size up.Good place - pretty close to authentic but loses a star for not having the roast beef po' boy on the menu.
5	What a great find!  Delicious food and great service from friendly, eager-to-please employees and owners.  The best jambalaya I have ever had and delicious sweet tea to go with it.  We were there for lunch but we will be back again soon for dinner as well (Can't wait to try the alligator!) Best cajun food in Arizona!!
5	Being from south Texas myself (close to Louisiana) I had major doubts this little Avondale strip mall joint would be able to produce anything close to authentic Louisiana fare.. I was however pleasantly surprised :) their shrimp poor boy with French fries was amazing and the fried catfish with cole slaw was close to home cooking!! I have been back on my lunch break several times and the food is always consistent and fresh and delicious every time.. Service is friendly and fast too which is a bonus!! Go ahead and check it out you won't be dissapointed plus they serve alligator if anyone is interested in crossing that off your food bucket list!!!
2	This place came highly recommended by locals, so I was excited to give it a shot.  Shrimp po' boy, potato salad, sweet tea, fried pickles with a homemade remoulade were a nice touch.  - Potato salad was very dill pickle-y.  For whatever reason that was not a good surprise, when I usually love most types of pickles.  It did look ultra delicious though.- Shrimp po' boy... this wasn't bad necessarily, it just wasn't great; I would definitely not order this again.- Fried pickles were beautifully fried and the remoulade had a really nice kick of horse radish that balanced the saltiness perfectly.  Also you can get a gallon of freshly brewed sweet tea for $5, which is a good deal.  I would most likely not return.
4	Sure it is way out in the west Valley but the drive is much shorter then a flight to Baton Rouge for those who want prime Cajun flavor.  The ingredients of the shrimp Po Boy blend together like the sweet sounds of Dixeland jazz and the offering here is akin to listening to that jazz performed by Louie Armstrong.  It's a shame this isn't more central to Phoenix.
5	First time there WAS GREAT.  The waiter was great. It was great food.  I can not wait until I go back.  Must say food was a little slow coming out but, I was not in a hurry.  Still can not stop thinking about the food.  It was so good. Great family environment.   Great job guys.
5	awesome food! been to new Orleans its about as close as you can get out here. peach cobbler was excellent!
5	It was our first visit, & we had a great lunch there today. Will definitely make it one of our favorites. My blackened catfish po boy was sooooo good!
4	Had the chicken Sausage Gumbo, Shrimp Po'Boy and  Beignets - very good great French Bread.  Going for the etouffee.
4	Yelp helped us find this little gem on our way out to California.  After visiting NOLA in December, I was missing the po boys and red beans and rice.   This is what I was needing.  Restaurant is clean, simply decorated with some NOLA pictures, masquerade masks, beads.  There is also a swamp mural with a faux shack on one wall.  Tables are kindof picnic style with the vinyl/cloth back tablecloth.  Service is exceptional, down-home and friendly.  They truly aim to please and show consideration.  Food...   Shrimp Po Boy.  We ordered a half size expecting to share... my poor husband only got a couple bites.  Don't waste your time on the half sized portion, go big and get the 12".  Packed full of lightly battered/coated shrimp.  The remoulade was spectacular and gave it a punch that made your mouth water for more.  The baguette was delicious as well (I'm still wondering where they get it.)  We also ordered the red beans and rice plate and it had sausage in it.  Very good... but we only now get po boys here... we're pretty much stuck on them.  My only problem I have with this restaurant is that they are 45 minutes away from me.   Boo! :(
5	I love this place. As a native of Louisiana, I find my self craving a taste of home from time to time. The food is consistently delicious. I highly recommend the boudin balls with Cajun tarter sauce and dunkin' catfish. The shrimp po-boy is excellent, as is the gumbo. I used to go when it was more self serve for drinks, but they've renovated a couple of times over the past year and have table service, at least on busy days. I typically call in my order and either bring it home or eat it there. One of the best things about this place is the friendly, kind people who own/work at this restaurant. I'm so happy to find a taste of home so close to where I live now.
5	This place is awesome! My favorite is the shrimp with onion rings but all food is really good. The service is good so I will recommend it if you are into seafood.
5	I love this place. I'm a huge fan of all things rice and spicy food, and this place has more than a bit of both. Anything with rice there is top notch, the hush puppies are amazing, even the gator isn't bad. I now come here often and even have brought some friends.
5	This is getting to be one of our favorites.  In fact, we ate here twice in the last six days!! Food is great - servers are very friendly and helpful and they really know the menu.  Kyle was our server last night and he was really exceptional - could not do enough for us.  Had one seafood gumbo and one chicken and sausage gumbo, a half order of hush puppies and beignets (with honey) for dessert.  Delicious!!!  A forty minute drive from Surprise, but well worth the trip.
3	Only 3 stars for my first visit (5/31) but I'll go back for a second try.Against my better judgement, I ordered the boiled crawfish. Three things were telling me not to order it:1 - We're 1400 miles from crawfish country.2 - It's near the end of crawfish season and they're probably small.3 - 17.99 for 2lbs of crawfish is expensive.As I suspected, the mudbugs were small. The flavor was ok but the crawfish meat was sticking to the shell which usually indicates the absence of lemon during the cooking process. The potatoes had black spots and the corn was shriveled. On the bright side, the fried pickles and green tomatoes were delightful. The hush puppies were excellent!I tasted my buddies seafood gumbo and the roux tasted like it was burnt or scorched while it was being made. The rice was sticky and clumpy.I'll go back to try the other menu items and update my review.
5	Phenomenal. Absolutely phenomenal. Low key place that you wouldn't find unless you got a word of mouth recommendation. Easy going atmosphere with great service and even better food. In and out in 30 minutes feeling satisfied but can't wait to come back. Got the crab Landry and it was fantastic.
5	This place is great! Food is amazing and they always have my food ready when I call it in. The employees are always very friendly as well. I highly recommend this place.
5	Dear review reader: stop reading the review and just go!!But if you still need to know why I say that, here's what you want/should know:Hushpuppies are so darn good, that could had been my meal. Tried the jambalaya, gumbo and a crawfish pie thingy (don't remember the name but it was delicious!). All of it was so dang good. Was it spicy? A little but in a very good way (not too much heat). Topped our meal off with some very yummy beignets. I just can't say enough good about this place! The kids here very happy with their meals and just the overall experience left us all in a very good mood.One last note: THE BEST sweet tea I've had outside of The South. Seriously. THE BEST. Another last note: the girls working there were so sweet and nice and very attentive. Jenna served us and I tell ya, I want her to be my new best friend, just loved her.
5	This place is AMAZING. ...The food is delicious felt like I was down south..so happy I leave a minute away!!
4	This is like stopping into a joint on Bourbon St., I get transported back to Louisiana when I eat here.  The food is great. You will want to try everything on the menu like we did, but I worn you, there is plenty of food and you will be rolling out the door. In AZ this is the closet thing I have tried that is like be in NOLA. Just go, Eat, and you will see for yourself. It's good!
2	Recently I was in NOLA for a few weeks and lived in FLA for 2 years and I do know good Cajun food and alligator. I was cookin' with Paul Prudhomme back in the early 80's before he was Chef Paul P! For almost $50 we bought the combo plate with two meats and sides, a shrimp Po' Boy and an order of (3) Beignets with sweet tea. The Po' Boys are very good. The Shrimp was lightly battered and well seasoned, fried golden brown, sweet and crispy with just the right amount of spice. The roll was fresh and crusty. The red beans and rice were very good - lots of meat, beans were toothsome (not mushy) and the rice was done just right and it was spiced perfectly. The french fries were good, fresh, hot and crispy brown and moist on the inside.The sweet tea was just right and freshly made. Unfortunately - The alligator is terrible and the Boudan balls are just plain horrible. Alligator consisted of tiny breaded balls of flavorless chewy meat ranging from the size of a pea to a large blackberry - not one chunk or strip mixed with a lot of debris from the fryer (fried crumbles of batter). They were mostly tough and chewy. This is supposed to be tail meat which is usually pretty tender and there was very little or no seasoning. The Boudan balls were a huge disappointment. The filling was an unidentifiable tasteless gray paste with very little powdered spice, rolled in bread crumbs and fried. I pulled one apart and could see not one piece of meat, vegetable or rice. My best guess is that it consisted of bread crumbs with powdered spices and some binder (don't have a clue what). That they call this a "meat" selection is really a joke and for the price, absurd. When I was in NOLA I had Boudan balls at a half dozen different restaurants and they all contained meat, liver, ground with pepper/celery/onion/garlic, spices and rice . I've made my own for years and these resembled nothing like anything I've ever seen. There was no tartar or other sauce for dipping.The beignets are tough and chewy instead of the moist ,airy,  delectable powdered treat they are supposed to be like I had every morning at the Cafe Du Monde in N'Orleans. The combo plate contents and two of the three beignets now resides in my refrigerator, barely touched and will go into the garbage tomorrow....what a waste of money. If I wasn't so far away, I'd bring it back and explain why to the manager. So, if you go - which you should as there IS good food to be had, stick to the Po'Boys (NO ALLIGATOR!!!), gumbos, rice, fries and other selections. I will go back and stick to the above mentioned selections as they are the only option in this area for Cajun food. On VA s'revoir!
5	First, know that I was born and raised in New Orleans and know better than to expect much from remote places claiming to prepare authentic creole food.  Being in the desert of Arizona (business trip), I was predicting the gumbo to be tomato soup with hot dogs floating in it. The place didn't look like much from the outside (or the inside) but being a brave and noble soul I charged ahead and ordered the fried green tomatoes, fried pickles, a cup of gumbo and a shrimp Po-boy.  I can't believe how good it was! They might make the best fried pickles I've ever had. The gumbo was delicious...well, everything was delicious. But be warned, I ate too much and almost fell asleep at the table.Great food.
4	We tried out the shrimp Po boys. The flavor was unbelievable. The right amount of spice fused with this awesome Cajun mayo. The jumbo fried shrimp seasoned and cooked to perfection. I will definitely be coming back again. Two thumbs up. Best I've had in the Phoenix area.
1	Contacted by the owner about my review. She offered to refund my money for our dinner and invited us to try them again. Since I don't live in that area she kindly sent us our money back. She was very nice about our experience and apologized that it was not what we expected. So I really hope it was just an off night for them when we were there.
4	My fellow Yelper's have once again steered me in the right direction for tasty eats.  As another reviewer mentioned, the restaurant is a little hard to spot in the back of a shopping plaza, however now that I have found it, it is easy to get in and out of.  Upon entering you are greeted with the wonderful sounds of Louisiana jazz music. The decor itself, is not over done, simple and inviting.  The staff was friendly and I was immediately seated.   I ordered 1/2 Fried Green Tomatoes for a starter with sweet tea.  The sweet tea comes in a pickling jar and was delicious and had the right amount of sugar.  The Fried Green Tomatoes were crispy and tasted like what I was hoping for, tangy and crisp.  I ordered the Joliet Rouge, blackened cat fish on a bed of dirty rice, with crawfish/shrimp etouffee bathed over it.  It came with a side of beans and rice and garlic bread.  The dish was very good, I was pleasantly surprised that tastes of New Orleans could be found in a strip mall in Avondale AZ.  My only issue was that my ticket was shuffled or lost in the kitchen so my meal was late coming out.  When it did finally come out, it was hot and fresh.  The waiter apologized and offered a free peach cobbler, which I had to take to go as I was out of time and had to go to work.  I do recommend that they serve Cafe duMont coffee with chicory.  That would be a nice touch with a bengiet, since they served those, I would have expected to have the coffee to go with it.   The owner came over to my table to find out how every thing was,  I asked about the coffee since that is a true LA flavor.  She at least offered to order some!  I declined since I am traveling through but thought it was nice that she at least offered.   Bonus peach cobbler to go which I enjoyed later and it was very good.  I will be back, the Joliet Rouge was worth it.
4	One of my church members told me about this place so we tried it last night the par ran was delicious, seafood gumbo was to die for. My hubby on his way to get more today. I sample the alligator taste like chicken, sweet tea was perfect. I will be back.Surprise,Az
5	I have eaten here many times. Although I have never been to Louisiana I would imagine that the food at Flavors is just as good. It's always fresh and delicious and reasonably priced. The staff is very friendly as well. I have tried many items on the menu and everything is delish. They have a lot of seating as well so having a large party isn't a problem.
5	Excellent food and great freindly service. Very laid back with good music playing. Just come here and try it you won't be sorry.
2	We've been to several cajun places in La. & this place is far from them. For people that are from there, we expected much more. The entry was very bright & unappealing but were greeted by friendly helpful people.Atmosphere really cheezy. No alchahol a minus.I had crawfish etouffey(? on spellin) witch was very good.Red beans& rice was less than good . Very dry& tasted like canned brown beans. Wife had chicken& sausage gumbo witch was good. Two customers had returned there food & left unsatisfied while we were there. I like a good po-boy so I'll goback & try that ,but my wife won't go back. All&all pretty crappy dining exp.Sorry, but that's just us.
3	Well, I've been back four more times as I like the owners, they are very nice and are really trying their best. As I said before, some of the food is very good but other dishes are still lacking (see review from 6/20). Unfortunately, they are so busy on weekends, the attention to details goes by the wayside. Rice is luke-warm and mushy, red beans and Rice Bowl with sausage is dry and sausage, although abundant is overcooked/dry. The side salad is wilted, shredded cheese is melted and stuck together and there are 2 very tiny slivers of a cherry tomato buried at the bottom. It really seems that the main dish chefs are very good while others in the kitchen are just going through the motions which is really too bad as it has the makings to be an excellent restaurant. I will continue to go and enjoy the dishes that they do best and hope that they continue to move in the right direction.
5	This place is amazing, I saw this restaurant on"Check Please, Arizona" and it lives up to it's standards. This is authentic Louisiana food and it taste so good it'll make you slap yo mamma! (figuratively) We all had the Shrimp etouffee  and it taste delish! Also, Had the red beans for a side and they were amazing! Yum, the service was great and so was the ambiance. Overall it was fantastic!
5	I have tried the fried pickles, onion rings, fried chicken po-boy and blackened chicken po-boy, which were all amazing. Even the sweet tea was amazing. It wasn't too sweet, It was just right. I can honestly say that the onion rings were the best that I have ever had. The waiting staff are always so nice. Definitely my favorite restaurant on the west side .
5	This is getting to be one of our favorites!  Been here three or four times.  Each time has better better than the last. Great food - outstanding service.  One jambalaya and one clam Landry an order of fried tomatoes and one order of beignets (with honey). Spectacular!!  A forty-five minute drive but certainly worth the drive.
4	The name of the place truly matches what is served. First time I went there they totally helped me in what I should get cuz there were so many awesome looking desserts. This place is a great date place, been on a couple here.
5	AMAZING!!! The service was great and the food was even better!! Loved the family and very friendly environment! We will definitely be back for another PoBoy and desserts!
4	Great friendly staff that know their food selection not too pricey me and the wife had the cajun cheese fries gator tail shrimp po boy all and all very good. Will be back
4	The food was excellent as always but the service definitely has to improve, this was the second time in a row that it took long for refills and the appetizers came out at almost the same time as entrees. The food is so good that it's worth it though.
5	Woo what a surprise! This place was awesome. Our waiter was a little goofy, but it was nice to have someone who didn't mind acting like himself. The food was delicious! I had the Blackened Hamburger, which was the perfect level of spiciness! The drinks were fantastic as well. Loved the atmosphere, will definitely be back!
5	Really good food, a nice ambiance and really attentive wait staff. Will be returning!
4	Something different in the valley! You got to try this place.. Alligator and dirty rice, mmmm so good. Its kind of hidden though.
5	This place was amazing! I popped in for a bite while on business travel and I'm glad I did! The hostess was very kind, sweet and accommodating! For a weary business traveler, her attitude was a breath of fresh air!I wanted some gumbo and a po' boy and she recommended the perfect pairing, the chicken gumbo with a muffuletta.  Over hearing that another table also got beignets, I asked her to add that to the order, too. I've had all of these items in NOLA, but these were as good or better than I've had before.The food was outstanding, but when I got to the hotel I realized I didn't have any cutlery... My fault probably but a reminder would have been nice.
5	Being a Texas gal with a truly Southern food palette, Flavors sends you reminiscing about walks up and down Bourbon Street! The food is undeniably tasty and true to its name. My favorites are the red beans and rice, fried pickles, and the catfish! And the peach cobbler and beignets are worth the extra calories! The customer service is outstanding and its makes me smile when they remember my face and that I want sweet tea! Love to promote small places who arent chains! Worth the drive from anywhere!!!!!!!
4	Flavors of Louisiana is a not to miss spot if you're headed to the Upper West Side. Make sure to start with the Charcuterie platter, ask your server for great paring, but maybe a nice Spanish red. Nothing disappointed, including the creative desserts. Favorites Raspberry Island (will burst in your mouth), and Elixir, if you prefer a creamy sensation. Perhaps peruse the wine list online before visiting? I wish I could add photo's to the review, because presentation was outstanding.
5	The food is to die for,you can tell everything is made with love. I had the two meat entree which consisted of oysters & shrimp with red beans in rice.I don't want to start talking about how great the gumbo tasted.If your ever in the west valley I would recommend you to stop in: to enjoy some home cook food and great customer service.
4	This is my spot! If you're looking for one place that has good food, great prices, adventurous eating, and great staff, this is it. What can I say? The fried pickles, the muffuletta, the po'boy, the new cajun trio, the beignets, they are all pretty much outstanding. I love the way this place looks on the inside. It has this faux wood, gator lovers feel to it, and it makes me smile every single time I'm there. The staff is friendly, knowledgable about the food, and always willing to stop and talk. Follow them on Facebook for specials because the chicken stew is worth it's weight in gold! They also do crawdad specials and lots of great stuff for the kids! My daughter loves the teas in the mason jars, you get a comfortable, well fed vibe with this place. I had one problem, one time, and they gave me a free lunch to make up for it (I never cashed it in, the food is worth it, and mistakes happen from time to time). Crawdad Pie? GET SOME! You've never had red beans & rice as good as this place either! THIS IS THE PLACE YOU'RE LOOKING FOR!
4	Louisiana meets ArizonaMy friends and I are always on the lookout for non-chain restaurants in the West Valley. After reading fellow "yelpers" reviews, we decided to give Flavors of Louisiana a shot and I am so glad we did. Flavors of Louisiana got it right. Fresh food, flavorful ingredients, large portions, modest prices, excellent cutomer service and  easy access parking out front.Flavors of Louisiana has a  laid back casual atmosphere.  As you walk in you see the front cashier where you order your food.  On the walls are some LSU teeshirts and logos , a bayou mural on another wall, and smiling and helpful staff. On our first visit we shared, catfish Po-Boy, hush puppies, shrimp, fresh bread, and Boudin Balls. Everything was perfectly breaded and fresh. We also had sides of the Red Beans and Rice (highly recommend) as well as cole slaw which was also very good. Flavors of Louisiana offers great food for the money! (each sandwhich & side are about $10 for the 6").If you ever in the area you should give flavors of Louisiana a try. You won't be disappointed.
2	I really wanted to like this place. I love cajun food. I was so excited that I got takeout for dinner that night and something for lunch the next day. My optomism was punished. The shrimp etoufee was overcooked shrimp with brown gravy. No spices, no kick, and not etoufee. I was plain. So the next day, I had gumbo for lunch. I couldn't even eat it and had to trash it. Someone had to have dropped the salt shaker in it and decided eh, it will be fine. I have never had anything so salty in my life. The flavor also wasn't there. The huge pieces of sausage were very chewy and rubbery. I was very dissapointed in both meals and probably won't be back.
5	It is the first time I ever left a new restaurant very happy and not too full, but perfect for my stomach. The atmosphere was great and the server there was phenomenal. The wait for the food was a little long, but trust me, it's so worth the wait. I had the crab Landry and my guy had the shrimp creole. First time eating here and first time had a different kind of food and man. I gotta say this place its small but the food it good. That's all I have to say. Give this place a try, if you want to try something new :)
5	This is my second visit to FOL and I have been dreaming of their fried shrimp since having the crab Landry the first time I was here. Can't wait to try the shrimp po boy.
3	Readers of my review are going to have take it with a large pinch of salt ... just like the food here.  I readily admit to not having tried Cajun before so I'm hardly in a position to make authoritative comments or recommendations, comparing this place to other such restaurants.There are two important things to know:1.  Jambalaya, which was once only served on Mondays, is now served every night;2.  If you're not a fan of fried or smoked foods, this may not be the place for you.We started out with the fais do do combo appetizer platter.  The onion rings, pickles and tomatoes were good, but all fried.  If you're not used to fried foods or don't like deep fried dishes, you may want to think twice, as they were deep fried with light batter and were VERY greasy (so much so, that when I picked up my unsweetened tea in the mason jar, it almost slipped out of my hand).  And although the pickles are full sours, combined with the fried batter, it was kind of salty.Now, to once again address the issue of salt, as I've done in other reviews:  we NEVER use salt at home and have a much lower tolerance for salt than most people; so bear that in mind, when I tell you, that we found the jambalaya and gumbo to be pretty salty.  Did I bother to ask them not to add salt, if that were possible?  Of course not!  So, I don't know whether that would've been possible; but at the very least, I can't complain about something I didn't bother asking about.Portions are large enough for the prices and the gumbo had a huge amount of meat in it; so don't think you're just getting a thick soup  (actually, more watery than thick, but no shortage of meat here!).Decorations are sparse, so don't come here for the atmosphere.  Service is fast and efficient.  Personally, I can do without the "Cajun" music in the background.  Sort of made me feel like I was having dinner on the set of Deliverance.If you are a fan of Cajun food, I suspect you'll do very well here.  If you're going to experiment like we did, just remember:1.  Everything -- or practically everything -- is either fried or high in carbs;2.  Drinking out of the mason jars may be "cute", but not easy at times;3.  The salad that comes with dinner will leave you with the feeling, that, unless its fried, a vegetable is some fancy-shmancy foreign delicacy nowhere to be found in the Deep South;4. And if you're going to pick up an appetizer, DON'T -- I repeat:  DON'T -- touch any of your clothes, unless you intended to throw them away the next day  (if you insist, WD40 and baking soda will go a long way in removing those annoying grease stains).Overall, tasty, if not also salty; reasonably priced; different.; but not enough to make me go for a return visit.  Sorry, just not my taste.
4	The Gumbo is to die for.  I have tried the sandwiches as well.  The Gumbo is my absolute favorite.   The staff is always friendly and even when the place is packed you still get great customer service
3	I ordered the crawfish sandwich and a side of coleslaw. Sandwich was great, slightly dry. The coleslaw was not my favorite. I like coleslaw that is crunchy and theirs is pretty soggy and flavorless. I really didn't like the atmosphere; really cheesy and a little uncomfortable. Just not a place I think of going back to.
5	WOW what a FUN, interesting, tasty little gem in the Southwest Valley!  Our party of 4 gorged ourselves on fais do do (appetizer sample platter), shrimp etoufee, po boys and combination platters suited to fit even the most simple of palettes. I will tell you--as a healthy eater, this place does not offer many options for lower fat/lower calorie meals so use this as a 'cheat' spot. It'll be worth it. Loved the shrimp etoufee with dirty rice. It was perfectly done. The place itself is a bit divey looking, but don't let the looks deceive you. It's super clean.  The food is really good. The service was friendly and competent. Drinks are served in mason jars which keeps things nice and COLD. Definitely worth the drive from NorthWest Valley. :)
4	Love this little hidden gem. The best thing my family ate was the shrimp po-boy sandwich, the hush puppies and the tea. Yum. We will be back.
5	Very good food....a great place when you really miss NOLA food. Good service, fairly priced and clean.
5	This is our first time at this place and we were pleasantly surprised.  The customer service was excellent, which is a priority over anything for me.  The menu was a little overwhelming at first but the server was patient and helpful (Anna).   I ordered the crawfish etoufee,  absolutely delicious.  My husband had the Cajun trio, sinfully incredible.  We will definitely be back.  This place is better than driving to Papadeaux's on I17, waiting 45 minutes &  paying $$$.  Please give this place a try, you will be more than satisfied.
3	I only had the fried green tomatoes. The flavor was excellent but the tomatoes were sliced real thin so I mostly had breading.
5	My mom and I drove down from Wickenburg to run a few errands in "town".  It was lunchtime and we were hungry. Wanting to stray from the standard, I pulled up trusty Yelp! This restaurant is somewhat hidden, but in a nice strip mall. Having no idea what to expect, we went inside. The girl at the counter was super friendly and gave us great suggestions. We opted to order a few different things and share. We argued the whole meal about what was best part and not a bite was wasted. Delicious. We even opted to order dessert and an extra something to take back to the hubby. Double delicious. Clean, eclectic, and tasty, what else could you want? Looking forward to our next visit!
3	As someone who grew up eating southern comfort food this place was pretty disappointing. The placed was packed and they appeared understaffed. Walking in the place made me feel like I ws on a future restaurant  impossible  episode.  If you come skip the red beans and rice and the gumbo... you would come out better practicing at home. The catfish and hush puppies were the safest things we ordered.  Overall  this place has a lot of room to grow , just because you have a niche in the desert doesn't mean you can get away with everything.
5	Simply stellar. We've been here twice and loved everything. The fried pickles are the best and the desserts are worth the trip alone. Friendly staff and homemade everything makes this place tops for our family.
4	Awesome!!! Great food, awesome chicken fingers and the etouffe is pretty good, probably a 4 out of 5. Great prices for what you get!!!
4	If you are craving some amazing and authentic Cajun flavor you HAVE to try Flavors of Louisiana! The Gumbo is delicious! Very casual and family friendly...just be sure to wear an expandable waistline because these flavors will have you eating until you are STUFFED!
4	food is excellent. From the catfish to the shrimp everything was great! Fresh food and wonderful staff. Eat here!!
5	Food was delicious and at a decent price. We shared the lunch special with an appetizer and had leftovers!
5	Awesome!!! Great food, awesome chicken fingers and the etouffe is pretty good, probably a 4 out of 5. Great prices for what you get!!!
1	The Po'boy was OK didn't come dressed like we're used to. But the crawfish etouffee  was very bland and let's not get started on the gumbo which was nothing but a weak brown water with a few pieces of meat. Being from the Gulf Coast if you don't know what its suppose to taste like than you might like this joint and then you're getting Flavors of LA but I urge you to visit NOLA and see what real creole/cajun country is all about.
5	My wife is Cajun, so we're always on the hunt for places like this. The blackened catfish poboy is a must. The crawfish pies are wonderful as well. The beignets go without saying... do it! So good. The peach cobbler has a crust that is dangerous good. Try the fried green tomatoes with the mustard sauce too. Mix all of that up with a great staff that goes above and beyond to satisfy, and you really are missing out if you don't  give this place a try.
5	Dunkin catfish and fried pickles - OMG!!! Better than the spots I've been to in Louisiana!!! This place gets 5 stars, service and food off the hook good!Dessert - banana pudding and beignets!!!!! Just as good as cafe dumu!!!
4	food is excellent. From the catfish to the shrimp everything was great! Fresh food and wonderful staff. Eat here!!
4	Some of the best fried fish and oysters I've had in a while. A little pricy but good food.
5	I come almost every Friday... I highly recommend the seafood gumbo - it is simply one of the best I have ever had. Also the fried green tomatoes are a great way to start things off. I usually get one of their Po'Boy sandwiches and the blackened alligator is hard to beat. Don't forget to try the sweet tea for a fully authentic down South experience. Can't go wrong here in my opinion.
5	Just got back from lunch there and I have to say it was very good.  I agree about stop reading the reviews as I did and just go there!  We ordered the fried green tomatoes and hushpuppies first.  They were nice and crispy but not greasy from being fried.  The hushpuppies were delicious and tasted even better with a little butter.Next my wife got the fried catfish combo with coleslaw.  Again the fried catfish was not greasy and crispy cornmeal batter.  The catfish was a little softer than what my wife would have liked but still tasted good.  The coleslaw was great as well, I had a taste of it and it was crunchy but not soggy from all the mayo.I forgot the name of what I had but it's one of the specials they used to have only on Wednesdays and it's like the Dunkin Catfish but the catfish is blacked and over a bead of dirty rice.  Then its covered in shrimp/crawfish etouffee, it was very tasty and I literally had every bite with either catfish/shrimp/crawfish with the rice!  They were not shy with the seafood.  Over the service was great and friendly.  We will definitely go back!  I've been to Pappadeaux and this is a great alternative especially on your wallet.
3	Although highly touted, the food is nowhere near Michelin 3 star level as this rating represents in France. In fact in France this restaurant would be lucky to have a one star. Quite inventive for food but usually a bit too many flavors or none at all. Service was not what I expect from a three star being brusque and not very professional. However, it has a nice dining room although a little noisy.
4	Every moment from entering the restaurant to leaving the restaurant was perfect. The service left nothing to complain about and the food was wonderful. The price was higher than expected. My friend and I both had the prix fixe meal with one bottle of wine and we each had one drink before the meal and the total was $475 before a well deserved tip bringing the total to $550. But for a special occasion in a restaurant run by one of the top five chefs in America it was worth it. It may be several years before I am able to return but dinner at Flavors of Louisianawill be a place I look forward to eating at again.
4	Been here a few times with my family.  Food is  always delish.  Staff could be more attentive but nothing major.  Definitely would recommend
