5	Hey Shannon, Lush actually originated on the south coast of England. But you're right on the most important thing -- Lush is amazing!I only wish there were a store closer to me. On the other hand, if there were I'd need a second job just to keep up with my bath products obsession :)It seems there are a lot of natural, handmade beauty products these days. But Lush still is unique. I love the solid shampoo bars (Seanick is top) and the Fresh Farmacy cleansing bar with tea tree, chamomile, and rose is my daughter's favorite.
5	Lush rocks. It's expensive for my budget, but worth it. This is one of my favorite places to go if I feel like spoiling myself. There's just something really cool about buying a big hunk of soap, wrapped in butcher paper, that's been carved off an even bigger hunk that's sitting right there in front of you. And they have jelly soap! It's like smearing sudsy nice-smelling Jell-o all over yourself! How fun is that?! If you have sensitive skin or are prone to allergies you can ask them for little samples of whatever product you're interested in trying. That way you can test it on your skin and see if you have a reaction before you spend money. This is probably a wise process even if you don't have sensitive skin, since they use a lot of essential oils and you never know what you'll be sensitive to. I bought one soap that I had a bit of a bad reaction to, and they gave me store credit for it.I have relatively sensitive skin and I use the Aquamarina face... stuff. It's not really a soap and it's not really a mask. It's like a calomine clay sushi roll (complete with seaweed). A little weird to get used to, but I use it every night (sometimes washing it off right away, other times leaving it on as a mask) and it's GREAT. Reduces redness and makes my face nice and soft. I kind of freak out now when I run out.The only bummer is that their lip gloss (in the little metal pots) melts almost instantly the second you step outside. Gooey purses are no fun.
5	I'm not the first to review, but I'm the first male to review.  That's gotta count for something, right?I'm super into Lush.  When my fiance comes home with product from here, I get jealous to an obscene degree.  Most often, she has to hide her purchases from me because if I find a bar of delicious smelling body soap or a tube of facial cleanser, it will be gone within a week.  Book it.  I probably use four times the necessary amount each time and, if it weren't for the travel and expense, I would singlehandedly keep their business afloat.  I've even made it a point to visit their San Francisco location while on vacation.  My obsession reaches unhealthy extremes.Some guys are into sports, some guys are into guns.  I'm into Lush.  Just don't tell anyone, okay?
3	If you're lookn for some great ladies xmas gifts...go here...no shame robert a
3	Lush is a fun place. I'm totally into the bath bombs. They had a killer sale not too long ago (buy 1 get 2 free!) and I stocked up on these. I've used several of them and love them. Your skin is super soft afterwards, and they leave color, glitter and other misc. items in your water (lol). However, although the Butterball has so far been my favorite feeling bath bomb, it left behind a nasty, almost impossible to clean, oily film in the tub. So that was kind of a pain....Haven't tried anything other than the bath bombs - everything else is a little too pricey for me to splurge on. It looks interesting though! I'm thinking of maybe using this place for my bridal party's gifts. Warning though: if you can't handle strong scents, this might not be the place for you. Also, the employees are super in-your-face ready to help you so beware. I mean, it's nice and all, but for those of us who can't handle salespeople it can be a little overwhelming.
5	I try to stop by everytime I am at the mall...I always find SOMETHING to buy and someone very helpful that works there.  That's hard to say at most places.  I love Lush!
5	There are days when I'm very thankful that Lush is all the way over in Scottsdale because I think I would spend my whole paycheck there.Where do I even start? The products are great and even though some may say they are pricey, compared to Proactiv or Bath and Body Works, they are literally the same price...just without all the weirdo chemicals. I've been to three different Lushes in three different states (sad, I know) and the Scottsdale one has the best staff hands-down! Knowledgeable, friendly and always willing to give you a sample if you're not sure how your skin will react with something. I went to the one in Pasadena, CA and I literally was telling the staff about their own products because they knew NOTHING...obviously they were trainees, but please, at least know where your products are on the shelf. Speaking of which...Favorite products:Dream CreamOcean SaltCoalface--I've had acne for 12 years and this is the first product that does what it says it does!I can't wait to try more. I even got my mom hooked on Lush products and she's so sensitive to smells that she can't even go in Bath and Body Works. Looking forward to more Lush-induced happiness in the future!
4	Oh Lush how I love thee. I was fortunate to discover Lush in 2000 while traveling in Sweden. At that time I bought as much as I could fit into my backpack and brought it back to the States! Yes I was a Lush smuggler.Every time I returned to Europe I bought all the Lush products I could. I think since 2000 I have been to a Lush store in over 12 countries! Even Iceland had a store before the US did!Since I was traveling a decent amount my favorite product was and still is their shampoo bars. They are great to pack since they don't take up much space and you don't have to worry about the liquid ban!One negative thing is that Lush will discontinue items- including my favorite shampoo bar ever- Jumping Juniper =(There is an amazing sale after Christmas where their poxed sets are buy 1 get 2 free!!!The only reason I can't give the store 5 stars is the odor. Some people really like the smell in the store, but for me it is overpowering and I have to leave the store for a few min. while shopping in order to breathe. A larger store doesn't smell quite as strong as the FS store. I think more ventilation is in order. But overall go forth and shop!
5	It's official. I've been to Lush in 4 states now, and the Scottsdale one remains my favorite. The staff are just so darn nice and helpful. By the way, I've now been using Coalface for several months and my acne has not returned! Hooray!  And what a deal! I bought $14 worth of it (you have to buy by the pound), cut the thing up into chunks about the size of half a candy bar. I got four chunks out of the original bar and after 2 months of daily use I am literally 1/2 the way through one chunk. At this rate, it will be another year before I have to buy more. Beat that smelly chemical stuff from the Health and Beauty section that didn't do anything!I also have given Dream Cream as a bachelorette party gift twice now and have gotten soooo many thank yous from the brides. It's a personal gift they actually love and use! So yeah, you should go to Lush and try out some products. You never know what might work for you!
5	"One, two Feddys coming for you!" "Three, four better lock your door!" "Five, six pick up a crucifix!" "Seven, eight better stay up late!" "Nine, ten if Freddy Kruger went to Lush he'd have had great skin!"Dude, this place is AMAZING! All of their products are all natural, freshly made without preservatives, and are just incredible.  My best friend and  went here after a four martini lunch plus shopping, and we had a had treatment done with their Ocean Salt Cleaner and exfoliator.  It is made with sea salt and smells just like a margarita!  his was followed by using their dream cream, and now I am hooked!  And it's not just the martinis!  I have very sensitive skin, and I have never had a reaction.  They also have a great men's line as well.  I have been using the Ambrosia Shaving Cream for men as well on my face, and I have no razor burn.  It is like a light cream that moisturizes while I shave.  Wow!  I have never felt good after a shave!Anyway, I could gush all day about this place, but the bottom line is it has incredible products that are all natural, and many are vegan,  the staff is amazingly helpful and not at all phony, and even though it may seem expensive the products last for a long time, so the cost is really not that high.  Get thee to Lush!
4	Oh, God. How I love Lush! Seriously. I've dealt with sensitive, breakout-prone skin since I hit twenty. I was about ready to throw myself into traffic until I finally listened to my best friend, and walked into Lush. I dropped nearly two hundred dollars the first visit, en route to an Iron Maiden show(of all things!), and it was money well spent. First of all, the Enzymion moisturizer is a godsend. I could never use moisturizer because my naturally oily skin would only be amplified. When I said I wanted skin "like buttah," I didn't mean "closely resembles melted butter on a hot Arizona day!" Enzymion not only keeps my skin hydrated during the long, humid summers, but it absorbs oil and prevents me from breaking out.Other products I enjoy are the Tea Tree Water Toner, the Coalface cleanser, and the Mask of Magnaminty. These all are excellent products for breakout prone, oily skin.  I still suffer from the occasional breakout, but I no longer feel that my face looks like a topographic map of the Andes--knock on wood!I give Lush four stars out of a possible five only because of the two hour drive it takes to arrive at the Scottsdale location from Tucson. I knoooow I could order online, but have you tried ordering perishable products via the internet during an Arizona summer? Yeah, I thought so.
5	Lush Fresh Handmade Cosmetics is like a candy store for beauty hounds. Located in the lower level of Scottsdale Fashion Square mall, you can actually smell the goods before you ever set foot in the colorful, well-merchandised store. Contrary to what another reviewer wrote, Lush is not an American creation, having gotten their start in England and were huge in Canada before they made their push into the U.S. But who really cares. I for one, am glad they're finally here. You can always order products online but one of my favorites, Ayesha fresh face mask, is only available in stores because it has to be refrigerated. It gives your skin a super tight afterglow, perfect for a night out or special event. Other faves: Sex Bomb Bath Bomb (for the sexiest bath ever), Karma (a happy, good vibes fragrance), Silky Underwear Dusting Powder (a girl's best friend in the dead of an Arizona summer) and Godiva Solid Shampoo bar (a must for jet-setters).
5	I love Lush and almost all of their unusual cosmetics that I've tried. I'm addicted to the Coalface face wash, it's the first product I've found  in years that always leaves my face feeling super clean without drying it out. It also has helped me to keep clear skin all year round. Their bath bombs are so much fun and a great excuse to take a load off and relax in the tub. Hmm what else have I tried? Ooh their Big shampoo is awesome. It's kind of weird at first because its like you're putting exfoliant on your head but once you add water you get a great lather going and it ;eaves me with big shiny hair with a lot of volume. And on top of all of this all the Lush people I've ever dealt with are super nice and very helpful :)
5	I first found this place while walking the mall with my sister. We saw a big sign in the window that said Free Sex inside...So of course we had to check the place out...I was transfixed with the shampoo bars. We travel alot and I wanted something compact and non-messy. The bar in the tin was perfect! My husband was skeptical and thought it was a lot of money for just a small shampoo bar and he scoffed about it a bit. But when we were staying at a hotel in Cali - he got the chance to use it for the first time and he loved how it foamed and how such a little went a long way. Not to mention how soft it made his hair.When we finally ran out - it was HIM going down to buy more. He's not the only manly~man I know who only uses Lush products to wash their hair...Scotty Bravo from The Surfside IV is a big fan (and his hair is what gave him his name.)
5	I absolutely adore Lush products.  I used to have them ship their stuff from Canada so I was thrilled to discover they had opened a store in Arizona. Their stuff is addictive and great for sensitive skin.  Their bath bombs are, well, they are da bomb.  If you are a product junkie like me you should really try Lush.  Their stuff is more than soap, its an experience!
5	I'm a total product junkie and love lush.  The 2 girls that were working when I was there, were super helpful and friendly.  They explained the products and offered suggestions.  I got everything I wanted and more.  The body bar is probably my favorite, leaves the skin super soft and hydrated.  Can't wait to go back!
5	I first found Lush in London years ago and used to stock up whenever I was in Europe (mail order didn't make any sense to me - you have to be able to smell it first). They have such a wide range of unique bath products, I haven't found anything like them around. I personally haven't tried their hair products but I bought a thickening shampoo (with sea salt in it I think) for a friend picking me up from the airport (before we had one here) and she loved it. Lush will always have a soft spot with me too because during a trip visiting family in Berlin, my husband and I took off for a week for some R&R in Venice and I frequented Lush a lot. Being pregnant at the time, and Venice not being much of a party town, we spent most of every day wandering around exploring and in the evening we'd be complete hedonists and have an hours long dinner, walk for a while by the canals (many evenings it would rain a bit) then go back to our room and I'd take a long bath with my Lush bubble bath and listen to the rain outside. Heaven on earth.
4	God, even walking past this store is tempting, the aroma is heavenly! I remember going to Lush in London, and being so thrilled that there was one so close at Fashion Square! Everything here is so nice, and smells so good. It's a bit pricey...but well worth it.
4	Just recently discovered Lush. I'd walked by it and enjoyed the scents many times but I had neve gone in until a couple weeks ago when I went with a friend who had heard about their buy 1 get 2 free soap or buy 1 get 1 gift box sale. I ended up getting the "Secret Santa" gift box as a gift for a friend and kept the free one for myself which included a Snowcake soap and a Satsumo Santa bath bomb. I'd been using the Snowcake soap and loved it, so I went up to the store today to get some more. Well Snowcake was all sold out, but their sale was still on so I got 3 more soaps fo aroun $7. Not on sale, Lush can be quite pricey--my purchase today would have normally cost me around $22, and I noticed that the lotions and some other products are around $17 each. However, I love that everything is fresh, handmade, organic, and not tested on animals! Plus I have sensitive skin and their products are great for people who don't want preservatives and additives irritating their skin. So bottom line is that although it may be expensive, I'm willing to pay fo quality and Lush products are definitely quality!
4	Love the products. All it took was one bath melt to get me in for good. i love all of it!!!Downside:Pushy sales people. If you go right before closing, though, all of their energy is zapped and they are just normal friendly humans. But mid-shopping rush its like a bunch of crackheads trying to tell you how good the product is... one time I finally said "i've been here many times, i know what a shower jelly is. thank you but im just looking." i felt bad being so curt, but they don't get the "back off i want to shop" vibe.lol
5	I have to admit, I avoided this store when it first opened in Scottsdale Fashion because I didn't want to deal with the crowds and over priced bath products. However, I walked by one day and the scent I just couldn't pass up! Man, I wish I never stopped in here. I am officially a fanatic over their products. Having never visited any other locations but this one, I can't tell you whether their customer service is across-the-line good, but every time I walk into this place, no matter how damned busy they are, I always get a happy and nice greeting and am always helped within the first few minutes of stepping in. Their products smell amazing and most of them leave your skin feeling great. Some people complain about greasiness, which I have yet to experience... From their awesome variety of bath bombs, to their really neat massage bars, bath melts (like solid lotion you melt in your bath to soften skin), bubble bars and sugar scrubs I have yet to try something I don't like from them, but I'm sure there's at least an item or two I won't care for. It's costly, but worth it. As for the sales people, maybe it's just me, but they seem pretty normal for sales people...maybe some just don't know how to politely shrug them off? I dunno...but all in all this place is bomb, and it's worth the money!
5	I love LUSH..  I would hall it back from far away placed before it came to AZ.  My two boys love the bath bombs.  I like how they are making kids sized bombs at a lower price. :)
4	I'm a big fan of LUSH. I don't use their products regularly, but I like to pick up a few, or try what's new, whenever I want to spoil myself. I've use their soaps, bath bombs and melts, and lotions (get the charity pot!), and I think I prefer the soaps and lotions -- just as a matter of personal preference, since those tend to last longer than, say, the bombs.But *shopping* at LUSH is a whole different matter for me. Every time I go in there, I feel bombarded by the salespeople! Browsing beauty products should be fun and relaxing ... I just want to explore and see what they've gotten in that's new, etc., but instead I have a girl popping up in front of me every five minutes shoving different products in my face or grabbing my hands to smear them on me. All right already! I will buy something! I promise! Just let me find it on my own!
4	Great handmade soaps and bath products.  Be prepared to spend some money because it sure ain't cheap, but if you like luxurious bath products this will be your new favorite store.
5	Found this place by clicking on a Facebook link, and I've forsaken all bath and body type stores ever since. Bath bombs are awesome. Their shaving cream Shave the Planet (meant for men) is remarkable on my legs - goodbye foamy store stuff!I am forever in love with their lip balm and scrub. In love with everything, really. My boyfriend knows that if he wants to get a quick gift that'll please, Lush is the place to go!
5	AMAZING! I love this place! SUCH friendly products! Good for the body! The people there are such great friendly people too!
4	I first discovered Lush on the busy bustling streets of SOHO New York City. The Scottsdale Lush was an equally satisfying experience. Besides it being a little cramp with the amount of people inside and having to elbow my way through to the items I wanted to see, I was stoked to be there. LUSH uses all natural ingredients except for two types of preservatives they put in their products methylparaben and propylparaben which they claim are by all means safe. All of their products are handmade in Canada then shipped to our local store.  On my visit I bought* Happy hippie body wash* Rub rub rub body wash* Happy pill bath bomb (which I was told was being discontinued and whatever was left was all that was left)I also got a sample of grass body gel which made my skin feel pretty smooth and two sample cups full of a sea salt leave on scrub that I can't remember the name of.  I spent under thirty dollars and definitely made out pretty well. The staff was very helpful hence the samples I didn't even ask for.
4	First of all I need you guys to know that I am allergic to EVERYTHING! Grass,pollen,cats,dogs, and really anything else you can imagine. So when my friend told me about this place I almost burst into hives just thinking about it but luckily I was wrong. One of the girls who worked there went through the ingredients of everything I liked with me and I found a ton of great soaps and hair products that smelled good and wouldn't make me swell up. Everyone there was so nice and helpful without being suffocating. The smell going in is strong due to all the different stuff in there but I would recommend giving them a try. For you devote vegans out there they have quite a few products for you.
5	So, I can't leave this store without spending at least $50. You cant beat the quality of the products they sell here. I've never been a soap snob until my wife bought me some Demon in the Dark. From there I started trying a few different products and I am sold. The employees are SUPER friendly and always willing to help and give suggestions. They will also give you samples if you want to try something first. The downside is it is a little expensive, the upside is you can read all the ingredients and the quality cannot be touched!
5	What a simple inexpensive way to truly spoil yourself or a friend. Drop a bath bomb, have a glass of wine nearby (or your choice of poison) and the stress of the day just melts.  I have been a fan but my love for these special treats was renewed when I was given some scrubs and bombs for my birthday. I feel so loved. Tonight is absolutely wonderful, yelping as I sit soaking is blue bliss. I recommend!!! Buy buy!  The chilled scrubs are a special treat in these hot temps. Yummy!
5	Fun store to go to...they do this hand treatment that is amazing!  it's a must go to...they rub your hands with scrub, lotion and oils leaving them feeling simply amazing.  They also have a yummy lip treatment that leaves your lips feeling smooth and very kissable.  Prices are reasonable and I usually leave with some kind of body lotion, lip treatment or scrub...and smelling real great!   Check it out!
4	Love , love Lush... Rockstar cut soap .. Yum.. It's my favorite & I can't be swayed away.. The edgy Lush-ites are happy to help you fugure out your skin needs.. Or hair by golly! Even taught me how to not get razor burn on my sensitive skin... :-)
5	I absolutely adore Lush!  They have so many amazing products, and the staff are always friendly and extremely helpful.  So far I've only tried the bubble bars, bath bombs, and one soap,  which are all fabulous.  I definitely plan to branch out and try some of their other products.
4	The sales staff can be overly pushy, as other reviews note, but they do know the products.  There's a demo sink where customers can try products, or just rid their hands of mall cooties.  The products are amazing, and they will give you samples if you're unsure about something new.  Save the plastic containers!  If you collect five, you can trade them in for a mask.  The best way to get good deals and try new products is to attend store events.  These generally involve gift bags or other freebies if you spend a certain amount or buy specific products.
5	Ohh myy gaah.. Where do I start?I am completely obsessed with this store. It's overwhelming to even try to explain why it is SUCH a phenomenal Canadian company... but I'll keep it short and to the point.Quality products: Period. There is no fancy packaging or facade. Every product is honestly amazing.The LUSH Girls: Super sweet, extremely helpful, down to earth, polite, and genuinely honest! My favorite LUSH girl is Amanda Sipenock. She is such a sweet girl and always makes my shopping experience incredible.The main reasoning behind my initial interest in Lush Cosmetics is Deanne5253 on youtube! She's awesome and tells it like it is: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gFLv-aHQ3Lk Great video for new LUSH shoppers and also gives advice on what to do when you go to Lush!!!
5	This was my first experience with Lush (with many more to follow).  I stumbled into the store because I could smell it 4 stores down, and I was drawn in by the aroma (I don't even thing I read the name on the sign...I just followed my nose).  I had never seen anything like it!  The giant blocks of soap, the colorful bath-bombs, the bubble bars (that looked like little cakes), and so much more!  It was late December, so the sales staff told me that any left-over Christmas items were buy 1 get 2 free (what a deal on my first visit!).  They demonstrated a bath bomb for me, and I was MESMERIZED!  I got 6 Christmas bath bombs (4 of them for free!) and 3 travel-sized Snow Fairy shower gels (another Christmas product, and by far one of my favorite Lush products EVER).  I also got some non-holiday bath bombs and melts because they were just too heavenly to pass up (I got a Youki Hi bath bomb, my favorite bath bomb ever, which was sadly discontinued sometime last year).  I also got my first piece of Lush soap (Sexy Peel. all the citrus just makes me smile when I use this soap. It's sunshine in your shower)Since I used to work in the mall I would go into Lush whenever I had a break and get a couple things, and the staff always recognized me :) They even offered me a hand-cream sample one day when I was complaining of dry hands.  I brought some of my friends from school in and told the girl behind the counter that they were newbies, so she rushed out from behind the counter to demonstrate EVERYTHING in the store!  Literally, she showed us bath bombs, bubble bars, face cleansers and toners, massage bars, and dusting powders.  I was so impressed by her powder demo that I bought some Candy Fluff dusting powder (another item that has since been discontinued.  Vanilla Puff powder is a nice substitute).This store holds a special place in my heart because it was the first Lush store I ever went to, and I will forever have fond memories of the staff that dazzled me, and every time I smell Sexy Peel Soap or SnowFairy Shower Gel I am reminded of that magical day :)
5	If you've been shopping somewhere like Bath and Body Works, you need to wake up and smell the roses. Lush is without a doubt THE best store for lotion, soap, and well, cosmetics.It's winter and my hands are dry? They have something for that.It's summer and I'm feeling a little icky? There's tons of stuff for that, too.This place smells like heaven, and I think every employee is high from the flower fumes, because they have more energy than a toddler with a sippy cup of Red Bull. Most of the products are completely natural, with tons of vegan options. I find something useful EVERY time I visit!Even the most macho gentlemen should feel no shame shopping here. Ladies love a man with good skin!
4	I LOVE their products but I can't stand the smell of the store! I can't imagine how anyone can work there, just being in the store for 5 minutes gives me a headache. If you're sensitive to overpowering smells, stick to online ordering.
5	This place is incredible! I'm a guy and I popped in here to get some stuff for my girlfriend as a gift and the staff was SUPER friendly and nice and had all kinds of suggestions for me. Usually in a place like that I want to get in and out and fast as possible but I actually enjoyed looking at all their products.I knew they had a lot of vegan products (of which I am one), but after viewing their website I fell in love with this company. Not only do they not test and have vegan products, but they support causes like fair-trade and environmental concerns. Lush rocks. You can put that in your tub and soak it.
5	I absolutely ADORE this place!  Employees are great and they definitely know their productBasically, if you're into organic, bath and body, yummy lip balms, henna hair treatment, THIS IS FOR YOU!I cant wait to try the Henna, might pick that up this weekend :)
3	Beware: VERY strong scents! They were good for me, but I was overloaded by the time I left.The thing that sold me on this place was the AMAZING young woman that helped myself, my friend, and my friend's mother. She answered every single question we threw at her, she let us try everything we wanted, play with stuff, smell it all, taste it (if we could), and was spot on in finding scents that we would enjoy. If I could remember her name I would mention her here, but wow, she was awesome.Of course, being in Fashion Square Mall this place is expensive. I purchased a few wrapped gift boxes for Christmas because they looked awesome and had a good selection of products inside.Why three stars? I'm kind of "eh, whatever" about the stuff I have personally purchased and used. The bath bombs smell great but their scent exists pretty much only when they are solid, and I have found the same skin moisturizing effect from dollar store bombs.In addition, quite a few of their soaps use SLS (my sensitive skin is easily wrecked by this & other chemicals) and the bars don't later well, which I found odd considering SLS usually provides a foamy rich bubbly lather.If anything this place smells amazing and has a ton of cute things to gift to people. I won't be buying their products for personal use, but I would probably buy some soaps just for "display" purposes.
5	You can smell this place several doors down in the mall. You can smell this place on the street in Waikiki.The store is small (most are) and a little bit of heaven in the scent department. But, that's not all. Inside Lush, you'll find all kinds of wonderful treasures for your bath, shower, shampoo, face, skin and body. Most of what they make and sell is natural (and it's all stated on the information card by the product) and they are mostly all wonderful things. Believe it or not, I use their face moisturizer (I"m old so don't look for anti-aging activity) called "Skin's shangri la" and it is wonderful.I also use several other products for the bath and shower, as well as facial masks, lip conditioners, etc. and their bath bombs are THE BOMB!One of my favorite stores, since visiting England, I am so happy Lush is local now, so I don't have to order it, and I don't have to take orders and bring stuff back for people when I go to Hawaii....Truly, a wonderful experience.I love Lush :)
5	Amazing, all the products that I have tried have been wonderful and the staff very helpful.
5	I am so happy to have a Lush here in the valley! They have all kinds of wonderful products for your hair, skin, face, body and they are all natural!!! I went into this store over the weekend and the staff is always so nice and they are so knowledgeable of their products and can answer any questions you could possibly have. They interact with the customers showing how the different products work and having them try it out, and they are so nice about giving you samples of a certain product to try if you can't make up your mind!!! A++ in customer service and quality of products.
3	Heard about this place from a friend, I knew i was getting closer by the smell almost 3 doors down. LOTS of bath and shower products, and almost everything has a cute name to go along with it like "Snow White" and it smells of apples! Love how everything is natural. Only bad thing that kind of freaked me out was that I got a little bombarded by the staff, didnt have a lot of time to think about what i wanted just went from product to product.
3	I've bought bath bombs from Lush a few times, and none of them were ever spectacular. Maybe I got duds, or maybe they just suck. But that's what I came for the very first time I ever went to Lush. I was hesitant because I am a sufferer of migraines, but somehow Lush's overpowering scent does not trigger them for me.Last time I went into this store, I was kind of put off. I don't get bombarded by sales associates, but one of the ones I talked to seemed either new, or just rude. She was totally PuNkRaWk, and when I asked if they were going to be having a buy-one-gift-get-one-of-the-$20-gifts-free sale again like they did in 2009 she gave me some quip about how Lush is anti-consumerism (lol) and that they were not going to be doing that. They did though, according to an e-mail I later received. I bought some stuff, and I guess they no longer do free samples? Or at least I wasn't allowed to have any.I love their dry shampoos and the cupcake face mask. It lasts way longer than the date on the package, and even though the associates recommend not using it after the expiration date, I do- with no problems, no mold. I even used one a year after it expired, after I found it hidden in my refrigerator. Oh, and I like coalface, even though it didn't do much for my skin. It smells so delicious.Also, they (not the store, but Lush in general) seem to like to discontinue every thing that I want. I should have stocked up on Candy Fluff when they still had it. And the Karma dusting powder too. So if you have any faves, I'd recommend hoarding them.
5	Since there are soo so many long reviews for LUSH, I'll make this quickLOVE LUSH. I'm what you'd call a "Lushie".Bath Bombs=incredibleFace masks=indispensable (my fave is BB Seaweed)Toners=sooo refreshing (I keep a small bottle of tea tree in my purse in the summer, a great way to freshen up without messing up your makeup)I would not call it cheap, but it's deffinately worth the money.Also, the sales tactics are somewhat pushy, yes, but it's so much easier to navigate the store with someone by your side! Ask for samples, they're generous!!
5	Several months ago I had dandruff that WOULD NOT go away. I followed the recommendations of my hair dresser, dermatologist, massage therapist, manicurist, boyfriend, best friend and multiple internet sites. NOTHING worked - I tried every shampoo, oil, powder and lotion. Every method from cold rinses to deep conditioning to tea tree oil treatments. All to no avail. Needless to say, I was reaching the end of my rope and the height of embarrassment.  I've always been the girl among my friends with the best hair! It's long, thick, with just a hint of wave, and a perfect texture - but with dandruff, I lost that title.THEN I stopped in my favorite store (WHY didn't I think of this FIRST?!), and discovered "Hair Doctor" mask. One treatment and I had dandruff-free hair for two weeks! Another treatment when it started coming back, and in two months I haven't had one speck of dandruff.Have a problem? Go to Lush, they can solve any problem!
4	I love the products!  Especially the buffy scrub, the facial masks and bath bombs.  I have to admit I almost dread walking in there sometimes because the employees can be a bit overzealous and annoying.  But I'll suck it up to get my fix.
5	Great products that make fabulous gifts.Make sure you hit their 50% off of boxed sets sales after holidays, valentine's day, etc. for some afforbable pre-wrapped gifts!ask for a soap sample when you go. i use the samples for travel.
5	i have so many friends that love lush but had never tried them. went to the store and was greeted immediately and not at all pressured. i got exactly what i needed+ a sample of their hydratingg shampoo bar since i had mentioned that my hair was dry. i abolutely love their stuff- i've been using it for almost a week and can already see the difference!!
5	Is there a way I can give LUSH an extra star???Pros: Friendly & enthusiastic staff, incredible products, lots of samples, phenomenal smells, reasonable prices, and get this, an HONEST company!!! Read their bag, it'll make you love them more.Cons: if you're sensitive to smells, brace yourself.  Also, if you're the type that wants to be left alone while you shop, beware.  The staff is excited about their products.Don't miss: R&B hair moisturizer (it drives men crazy!), Coalface facial cleanser & Brazen Honey exfoliating mask.
4	For some odd reason i always think that i have made a review at places i have been too over a handful of times including this fine establishment.  I come in here every once in awhile now because i have cut down on baths since i have refused to take a luxurious bath in a bath tub i cannot fully stretch out or be completely submerged in without scrunching my body down in some way.  Once i get a house i will be again addicted to buying plenty of bath melts, bombs, and bubble bars. :)I Still have yet to try their emotibombs shocking enough, but some day i will.  The girls that work here are always nice and have a lot of ideas and information as far as what you might need.  Now as  far as the downsides to the store that i would take caution on is definitely the strong aroma if you cannot handle lots of different highly fragrant scents BEWARE. Lastly the most crucial tip i have that i would watch for is when lush hires new employees for the season and they try and give you samples of something you have NOT used before ASK WHAT IT IS! Do NOT Forget to ASK!I had once came to this store looking for hair products to see what the big deal was and i had left the store happily with my trichomania and jungle conditioner and a sample of juicy shampoo i think it was called. Something juicy.  But not really so if you have normal to dry hair and i have blonde peek-a-boos by the way to make my hair different. So i need all the moisture i can get.  Got home did not know what i was using lathered all over, rinsed blow dried and straightened my hair it was the most horrid experience ever! It fried my hair in the blonde section completely! I had to go back and stock up on more expensive conditioners and hair masks til this day.  And all they can say is Sorry. Nice right? Yeah Awesome. So in two months i will not continue to keep my peek a books to see if that helps restore my hair.Other than that experience and lack of compassion towards what happened i still need to come to this store since its the only one in AZ close by. I think there should be one in the Chandler mall that i work in! Yes i think it would do awesome. :) That way i don't have to spend over an hour to and from.
5	The products are AMAZING and the staff is so helpful and knowledgeable. Love this place!
5	this is my favorite store in the scottsdale fashion square.make sure you hit their clearance sales after the holidays for 50 percent off of pre-wrapped gift boxed sets.i do that and always have a stash of pre-wrapped gifts for showers, birthday parties, hostess gifts, etc.!ask for a free sample from any soaps in their lines. i use my sample soaps on vacation instead of lugging a larger bar!5 star service from the employees always!
5	I want to buy everything in this store! Walking in you're instantly greeted by an earthy fragrance, and smiling faces galore! The employees are so helpful here and are always so excited to show you how to use their new products! It's very tempting to spend all my money here, especially on their new "Dirty" line for men! I use the Coal Face Wash on a daily basis, and I LOVE the Happy Hippy and Flying Fox body washes, and basically anything Karma scented! And they also have a shower bomb that is designed specifically for those days when you're hungover and need a quick wake up call in the morning!
5	Ditto all the other positive reviews!  So I'm just going to get right to it and just say you have to just go and experience LUSH for yourself.  Let them know you are a first timer and they will take you for a tour through have they have.  My favorite is the Love Lettuce Mask!!! Reminds me that I need to go get more!
3	Their products are great, a little pricey, but great.The sales-associates are pushy & ask you to try everything in the store, and it gets a little old. Most women just like to shop & not be bothered, but this is not a store you can do that in.
4	I learned of Lush several years ago when I received their products as a gift.  Soon thereafter,  I checked out the first store they opened up in Manhattan, but I must admit I never shopped there often because it was so damn pricey!  As I entered the doorway, I was greeted by an eagle named Phoenix as Lush celebrated their "charity pot" project to protect endangered animal species.   I entered further and was greeted right away by a sales associate who explained the event and demonstrated the cocoa butter laden lotion on my hand - yum.  I was then led over to another associate who helped me with the "caca" henna hair bars.  I know a lot about henna and I must say Kristen did a great job in explaining its use.  In addition to the henna, I picked up some heavenly cocoa butter bath bombs before being offered some vegan cake and TJ's sparkling lemonade! The cake was made by a winner of cupcake wars! More yum! The girls in here are so sweet and do a great job at being bubbly as well as charming you into buying product.  If you feel better when you leave a store happier than when you came in, then the employees are doing a great job...
4	This place is awesome, I've never seen anything like it. I wasn't into the soaps at all but you gotta get the Sex Bomb and their exfoliates and skin softening products. The staff are knowledgeabke snd very helpful, giving samples to take home to make sure you like it and they let you try products out as they do personal demonstrations with different products in the store. I'll be back soon!
5	How do I love thee...Let me count the ways! 1.) Super sweet and imformative staff!2.) Sex Bomb?  and Fizzbanger Yup I was sold just on the title alone!3.) Organic and didn't smell organic lol all the products smell amazing! 4.) I have been using the products for about 2 weeks now my face has cleared so much more with the Dark Angels product then stuff I have used for years!5.) Lemony Flutter does magic on cuticles and for your feet! 6.) All the products have super cute names! 7.) Love the hip atmosphere of the store!8.) Gifts sets 9.) Toothy tabs that work! 10.) I can spend hours and a lot of $$$ in here!Well those are my top 10 reason how I love thee LUSH! and glad you are also in Cali and online since my first visit to you was from out of state!
4	Oh Lush. I love you. I was tricked into going into this store a few years ago by an ex  I was shopping with. Luckiest mistake ever. This place is awesome. I am especially appreciative now that I moved to AZ. It's so dry here. It's ridiculous and it made my skin freak out. Problem solved. The bath bombs, the Buffy and the "dirty" line for men are my current favorites. The staff are very helpful, sometimes overly so, but I'll take it. It is a little pricey, but it's worth it.
4	Love this store and so happy that it is miles away from my home - I would be there everyday!  What is there not to like about employees who offer mini spa treatments - a nice hand exfoliation did the trick.  Great for gifts - make sure you pick up something for yourself.
4	I love their products, especially their "Rockstar" soap and "Big" shampoo. The staff are all very friendly and helpful, however, they ask if you'd like to try everything which is overwhelming when you know what you are going in to get. Also, the smell of this place when you walk in or even walk by really hits you in the face.
5	Lush, where have you been my whole life? I was killing some time walking around the Scottsdale mall when I got called in to try some foot treatment. Not only was it nice and soothing, but all the people working there were super friendly and knowledgable. So, after just walking in to smell some pretty soaps, I ended up walking out with a small bag of treasures. They have these amazing fresh masks they make weekly, I took the Honey one home and have used it twice so far and LOVE it. Definitely worth a visit!
1	If I could put no star, ....no star at all!! The worst customer service ever. I love Lush products and been using for almost 4 yrs. This location, one of the lady is very rude and doesn't have any clue what the customer service is. She gave me the product that she dropped on the floor (it's Angel Barefoot facial cleanser mud).She didn't even say "thank you" or anything but gave me bad attitude. This is not acceptable at all.If you want to get Lush product in PHX area, go to Chandler fashion mall. It worth to drive, they are such a sweet heart and great customer service, I can see they really love Lush product.
2	ugh.. not impressed.I absolutely dislike when companies claim "natural" and "safe" ingredients yet have done no basic research on the ingredients they claim are natural and up the price on their goods for those who don't know enough to do their own research and don't know they're buying the same unsafe products.OKAY, don't hate me, because I know there are SERIOUS devotees to Lush.  Good for you.  Don't get me wrong, I am willing to spend good money on good products when I have confirmed they are indeed "good products".. so I'm not a "hater".  I'm just a factualist... if that word even exists.Take for example their soaps and shampoos and lotions which contain several ingredients that are known to be harmful.. I won't go through those ingredients here as I don't have the space, but I just want to mention it so you are informed of the "natural" products your paying a premium for that aren't so natural or safe.  If you want to read more, google search it.... it'll open your eyes.Interesting to note their website no longer contains a link to their ingredients.. Okay, so now that I've explained why I give them low stars for advertising quality at a premium when in fact it isn't... I'll comment on the rest of the store and services.  Stars diminish for: Staff personnel were very pushy to me and my sister the whole time.. she never left our side and kept pushing us to try this and that out and even applying samples to us.. we seriously turned around a few times to lose her but she kept coming back... she also didn't even know any answers to the questions we had about the ingredients, so she deferred to her boss who told us that, yes, parabens and SLS was safe and so was FDA food colors in their soaps and shampoos... umm, yeah, obviously any research on that will show you that clearly is not the case.alright.. now for the good...I do have to admit that they DID have *some* clean and very safe products... a lot of them had simple and natural ingredients that, if you do a query, are not unsafe and used by a lot of pharmaceutical grade naturopathic companies.  THOSE I will buy and will gladly pay for...  they did have some freshly made cleansers they kept in a fridge that had some very raw and natural ingredients... I think I would try those products for sure.
4	Bathbombs are amazing! I've got extremely sensitive skin and I've never had a problem here!
4	I got my mom her Christmas presents here and I was very pleased with all of the little gift choices they had already set up around the store pre-wrapped and priced! When I first walked into the store I got a huge smell of all the scents reminding me of being in Hollister or Abercrombie & Fitch, which is not a good thing. Besides that the staff is amazing and very helpful and since the place is not that big it is very easy for you to find them. Some of the workers can be a little annoying at times asking one too many times if you need help.
4	I've recently started visiting Lush again over the past two, three weeks once-a-week to see what new bath bomb I can try after my weekly deep-tissue massages.  The first bath bomb I tried was called Geo Phyzz (Hawaiian seasalt, sandalwood, cypress, and pine), but I wasn't too impressed with the small bath globe.  My apartment's bathroom features a Roman tub, which allows for a deeper bath, but I rarely fill it past the tops of my quads.  (TMI?  Sorry!)  Anyhoo, the Geo Phyzz didn't alter the bathwater much, as far as I could tell.  Not much scent, color, or even fizzing!  My muscles didn't feel refreshed immediately-after, nor the next day.  Perhaps due to its smaller size, I need to use two bath bombs, but Lush's bath bombs aren't inexpensive.  Heck!  Nothing at Lush runs cheap!  Just as the store's name implies, Lush is all about pure bath and beauty indulgence!  I think the Geo Phyzz cost just under $5, which I thought was a complete waste of money and not worth a second chance.  (Not from me, anyway.)The second time I went, I chose the Big Blue, which was considerably bigger than the Geo Phyzz and consisted of sodium bicarbonate, two varieties of seaweed, including Arame, both fine and course sea salts, lemon, and lavender oils, and other ingredients** (cleansing and coloring components).  It cost just under $7 and was definitely a winner!  Loved the tropical fragrances that scented the bathwater, my skin, AND the bathroom!  My muscles thanked me for the indulgence, and I believe I even slept in a little longer, too!  :)  Have yet to try the Twilight Ballistic ($6.25; lavender, tonka absolute, ylang-ylang), which I purchased the same day as the Geo Phyzz.  It smells HEAVENLY and, for me, a touch of sweetness.  Mmm... I can't wait!  ;)**Very much appreciate how the products come with ingredients' lists on their shelves.  My allergies don't just affect my eating patterns, but also dictate what products I apply on my skin, scalp, and clothing.  Once in awhile, I'll find a product that is missing the ingredient info, so I just skip over to the next product that catches my eye, or, perhaps more appropriately, my olfactory nerves!  If you do wish to find out more info, the super-bubbly (no pun intended!) associates here are always willing to help!
5	I just heard they opened one in Tucson and I can't wait to go. I love beauty products. I also LOVE places where the people working there seem excited and happy. As soon as you walk through the door they ask if you need help with anything. They are ALL very knowledgeable about the products. This time when I went in I asked the young lady working there about massage bars because mine was nearly gone! I ended up with the lavender one and it's so nice. I love the smell - very relaxing. And it's not like a real massage oil that feels oily when you're done. I love them. I previously had the cinnamon smelling one - the only thing I didn't like about that one was the beads in it - as you use them they fall out.I also ALWAYS purchase a face mask. I've tried a lot of them and they're amazing. Some of them don't smell great, but they all make my skin feel great. I have combination skin so I've tried quite a few of them. I got Sacred Truth this time and it's soooo good. However, I went in once right after I started a new face wash regimen (Murad) which was super drying and I basically said to the guy "Please give me something to make me not want to scratch my face off." I got their most moisturizing mask and it really worked. I love all the products I've tried so far which include, the lip scrub, the bath bombs, the lip salve (it lasts forever and other people have tried it and then driven to Scottsdale to get it), hair mask and dry shampoo. I'm actually a bit worried that there's one here now that I think about it - I love everything I've tried and turned so many people on to them. Definitely one of my favorite places, even if I don't need or want anything I can always find something new and fun and affordable (though not everything is in my budget.) Definitely good for a splurge too!!
4	I love Lush and their products.  No, they aren't completely "all-natural" and do contain some of the same ingredients as store brands, however, that being said, they contain a whole lot less of the unnatural ingredients you find in store brands and anything that is less harmful, is a plus in my book.  Yes, some of their products can be pricey.  I usually wait for a good sale (usually around the holidays) and buy up bath bombs and such at that time instead of during the regular year.  They last forever, so it doesn't really matter if you buy it in December and wait til May to use it.  The handmade lotions and other liquid products are another story.  If you love the line and it works for your skin, usually you are willing to pay a little more for it.  Brandon was an amazing help.  He answered our questions easily and without hesitating to admit that some of the products had chemical base ingredients.  He was more than happy to direct us to chemical-free products if we wanted to see them.  Sales staff at beauty counters, boutiques and pretty much anywhere other than a Target aisle are going to offer to assist with products and info.  If you prefer that they leave you to shop, just tell them and I'm sure they will give you the space.  "I'm just looking for now.  I'll let you know if I have questions or need help."  This goes a long way to solving the follow you around the store salesperson annoyance.
5	I paid a visit to lush at fashion square in Bellevue and was met with great service. I'm heading on a trip to Costa Rica so I'm hoping to travel light and liquid free. I purchased the jungle conditioner, jumping juniper shampoo, and sea vegetable soap. All very beautiful aromatic smells! I'm excited to use it! The two salespeople where very helpful when choosing items. They made me test a couple of different things and made me feel the different textures. Ill definitely be back for more!
4	This is a great store. I love the concept of organic cosmetics.The bath bombs are fun to demo in the store. I bought a few for my honeymoon. They didn't last very long and were a little less exciting in practice. I love their body washes, and shampoos. Though some of the stoute based ones are a little too beerish. I also love their solid perfumes. Anything jasmine based. They tend to last longer than traditional sprays. The only reason I rated this store a 4 is the costs seem to keep increasing. It's getting harder and harder to stay organic with "green culture" being more and more hip.
5	Neat products and great customer service.  I bought a salt scrub and lotion today.  Wow!  Nice stuff.  Can't wait to go back.
5	I am originally from California (San Francisco) and we have 3 LUsh stores to choose from! I have been a Lush customer since 1994ish. I was sad when I moved because I loved going in and trying stuff out. I was glad though, I could order from the internet. Imagine my delight when I was at the mall and smelled the familiar scent of my favorite place! I was so happy I had tears in my eyes! (okay so maybe it made me a tad home sick...) I love the bath bombs but I REALLY love the shampoo bars and the bar conditioner! They last a long time and I am always being complimented on how healthy and shiny my hair looks! I am hard on my hair too! But you would never know it! I also am a big fan of the body scrub and moisturizers!Honestly, it is an addiction for me! But I have to agree it seems like the pricing is really jumping..Check it out!!! You wont be disappointed!
5	What can I say, I am IN LOVE with this place! Everything smells SO good, and I love the fact that they don't do animal testing and their products are all natural. I have several of their lip colors, which are very moisturizing and last forever. My favorite product is probably their bath bombs, they all smell amazing, it's hard to choose! Everyone who works at the store is super friendly and helpful; returns are a breeze. They are a little on the expensive side, but so worth it! If you enjoy baths or beauty at all, Lush is a must-go!
5	The clouds parted, and sunshine illuminated my path, I was able to follow all the wonderful fragrances to find my way to Lush!Real talk: the staff was lovely. Very patient and helpful with any question I had regarding their products (it was my first time ever exploring their stuff) without being pushy. They were able to sell me what I needed and nothing I didn't. Sure, their products are more expensive than what you can pick up at Walmart, but with natural, mostly vegan products ad a company that fights animal testing so vocally you are choosing to vote with your dollar. And honestly my products last forever, because they are QUALITY! Some of their skin care items have completely changed my complexion, and I'll never go back!
5	Such a fun store! Love the smells, excellent products. Great staff, so helpful, no pressure.  The amazing skin, hair and bath products sell themselves. My fave product is the Big shampoo. Got a sample about a year ago....and I'm hooked. Ask for samples, and they are so glad to oblige. I guarantee that the next time you visit this store, you'll be buying the full size product, that's how good this stuff is.
5	Great store! Natural bath and beauty products that are mostly vegan- no icky chemicals. The staff is super friendly and really helpful and they love to let you try products. It's hard to leave this place without a big bag full of goodies!!!
5	I have so many awesome things to say about these products!  I love them.  I have introduced quite a few of my friends to them, as well.  My favorite product has to be the Comforter bubble bar.  I get a few months worth of bubble baths out of it!  Love the smell of it, as well. :)  The staff at this particular store is very nice and helpful.  When you walk in, they greet you and try to help you find whatever it is you're looking for.  They aren't pushy - if you don't need their assistance, they will kindly leave you to browse.When you walk into this store, you'll notice it's quite small.  It smells AMAZING, though.  There are so many bright and colorful products to look at.  I love the packaged gifts and usually grab those for birthday gifts or recently, I gave one as a bridal shower gift - she was so grateful!  I've also given them as gifts at baby showers - the mother is often forgotten in all of the baby commotion! :)
5	I don't think there is a store that will make me drive 1 hour across town to shop in. Lush is that store. The employees are amazing very courteous and extremely knowledgeable.  Professional and don't walk behind you or try to tell me their life story or likes or dislikes about products. They are an amazing staff. I wanted to buy some soaps but couldn't decide between which ones so they cut me some samples.  How freaking cool is that?I give this lush 5 stars all the way
4	I like this location better than the Chandler one. It has more of that cozy atmosphere. Same products and all but ambiance is just better.The best location I been to was in Seoul, South Korea. It actually had the same ambiance as this location too! They said that that SK location was the number 1 rated location in the world. And I believe that. The service was amazing, and the staff was attentive and knowledgeable. It was like Nordstrom service. The staff was in sync and performed demonstrations for everyone on a personal level. Same size store but 13 staff members running around compared to the 3 that were here in this Lush.Oh well, I came here for the products anyway. Buy the facial masks! :)
5	I came into the store today to try out some new facial products. Quinn was excellent she tried on a facial mask along with a three-part facial cleanser. All of the products were amazing Quinn made me feel comfortable and confident about my skin. I wasn't sure which products to purchase she sent me home with a sample of each product that we used today. I look forward to using lush at home and I will definitely be back in to see Quinn and purchase more products!!!!!
5	Love this store and the whole atmosphere! Such a cute little store with a powerful aroma and also the staff are always happy to help you. I recently bought a bath bomb from them for my mom and she absolutely loves it!!! I have to go back soon :)
1	For those who like short and sweet reviews: I wrote a short bottom line paragraph you'll find at the bottom of this post. I have been on the search for complete natural hair care for about 2 years now. I used to frequent whole foods and sprouts to try all of their shampoos, conditioners, deep conditioners, etc. I would ALWAYS read the ingredients to make sure things like fragrance, parabens, sulfates and alchohols were not in my hair care (I just graduated from a chemistry program and I would prefer these ingredients were not in my hair care because of the damage of these chemicals cause to your hair over along period of time. Ok, so I walk into lush. My first impression of the place was very positive: the smell was wonderful, the employees were nice (somewhat pushy however I like to shop in complete solitude so probably a normal amount of customer service was provided) and their products were presented In a very cool and trendy manner. I absolutely LOVED the fact that they recycled their containers and did not conduct animal testing. I was so in love with the store front that I was deterred from my normal product-buying routine and confided in an employee to help me pick out a product that was right for my hair. I have really coarse, curly, thick and long hair (it is beautiful naturally but a pain to keep my hair from friZzing and feeling dry). I told the employee all of my troubles and she seemed to have a solution to my hair troubles. I listened to the ingredients that were highlighted by the employee assisting me and I was in love: fresh egg, essential oils, etc. I asked the employee if there were any sulfates, alchohols or parabens. She was insistent there were none of those chemicals and it would be against everything the company is for. I dump around 150$ for some shampoo and conditioner (fairly traded honey and retread),some bathbombs for Christmas, and a skin product (skindrink). I was eager to try my new hair and skin product. The product was awesome for the first couple uses then hell unleashed around the third time I used it. My hair was SUPER dry and frizzy more so than ever before so I dumped my homemade hair oil to counteract this hair disaster. I use it again and it gets worse! I like blew through the hair conditioner I got in 2 weeks because my hair was so dry. I go back and tell them what happened and what do they have to fix it. They told me that the product they gave me in the first place was the best hydrating stuff they had and recommended that and a hair mask. So I bought the hair mask and another conditioner (I tried American cream) and tried again. It was a repeat of the last batch of products I bought. Great for a couple uses then complete dryness! I was so confused I then finally looked at every ingredient! I was so disappointed! A bunch of ingredients that I had sworn off were in the products I have bought! To list a few:Parabens, fragrance, sulfates, and alcohols! I was in consumer shock from what I was reading. Why would the employees not know that this stuff is in their products that they are pimping out to be natural, organic and good for you!? BOTTOM LINE:I am so upset with this company and I'm out for blood. As a consumer I feel like this company is fraudulent  and takes advantage of the organic/all natural trend just to make a quick buck, screwing over people who actually care. I sunk about 200$ in 4 weeks in this company behind a smoke screen that this company created for their subpar products and employees. I would not recommend this company to anyone and will never step foot inside this company again. As a side note: the FDA has not regulated hair care since the 50's. Don't be an ignoramus like me and read your labels before buying product from seemingly well-intentioned companies. It is sad that as a consumer society we cannot trust companies any longer.
