4	This is a typical CPK in the smaller part of the Fashion Show mall (http://www.yelp.com/biz/rXUBAFqrr00KvVEJ6aNURw?hrid=OYsZi4R_-xj0UuVtTe5vPg).  If you're looking for take-out, head to the left of the seater and find the door near the rear of the restaurant.  CPK offers unusual selections (like BBQed chicken pizza) and delicious soups and salads.Vegan Report: Their vegetarian Smashed Pea and Barley soup is awesome.  I also love the Thai Linguini without chicken and the Thai Crunch Salad without chicken.
4	If you're at the Fashion Show Mall (most likely there for the Apple Store) and start to feel hunger pains, try this CPK.  You can't go wrong with almost any one of their pizza dishes and you should definitely order it with the honey wheat crust.  They have a pretty decent selection of salads so if you're lame and anti-carb, you'll still leave with a full stomach.  I'm not a particularly huge humus fan, actually I think the stuff is pretty gross, but I was forced to try their warm humus appetizer and my taste buds didn't completely hate me for it.  I don't know if I would order it on my own, but if you like humus to begin with, you'd probably totally dig theirs.  The only thing to be wary of at this CPK is other patrons.  Remember, you are in Las Vegas on the strip so you will encounter both tourists and residents.  People who live there are too cool to bother you, but some out of town tourists may interrupt an otherwise delightful meal.  For example, myself and two other girls were sitting there enjoying some conversation with our meal and a nicely dressed older Asian woman approached the table, basically standing right on top of me.  She then proceeded to stick her face about a foot from each of our dishes as though examining them, for what, I don't know.  After about a minute (which doesn't seem long but when you have no idea who the person is and you can feel them breathing on you, it's close to eternity) she proceeded to another table and did the same thing.  No words, no smile, no nod, no nothing.  So while you can expect some good food from this CPK, I can't tell you what to expect from the crazies.
4	All I have to say - hot waiter!Oh, and the pizza was awesome too.:)
4	Had a fun time dining here with friends when we were in Vegas.It was a fun break away from the mega buffet fest.Great pizza, great service.  And i remembered the total for a party of 3 was around $30; which was the same cost as what our buddies paid to eat at their buffet on the same night.
4	I don't much like Yelping chain restaurants, but -- Pear and Gorgonzola pizza ($14?) is back! They discontinued it for a little while, but like Christ, it was resurrected. One of my favorite things to eat anywhere. And that is a lofty effing statement because I eat a lot. Like your mom.Anyways. CPK is just one of my favorite eateries. They have a generously delicious menu of pizzas and pastas. I know, you're like, "What does that sentence even mean?" I mean: not only do they have a lot of items, but they have a lot of items that are GOOD. Dare I say great, even? I always come here, and although I know the menu like the back of my freakin' hand, it takes we a while to ponder over my favorite items and pick just one. So unfair. I want all! And a pony. The ingredients they use are like the quintessential ingredients of early 90's California. Stuff like sun-dried tomatoes and broccolini. Like, oh my god! And like California, the menu items are an amalgam of lots of cultures. Its like totally an extended metaphor! Totally! My favorites, besides the impeccable afore mentioned uber pizza, are the Sun-dried tomato and Broccolini Fusilli($13), Tomato Basil Spaghettini ($13; I swear it smells like ganja), and Tuscan Hummus ($8). The service is normally timely and friendly. I always leave with leftovers. Come hungry. Don't waste your time with the over-priced beers or froo froo specialty drinks. They only take up valuable space where you can be cramming more food. I'd probably be fat if I worked here. Amen.
2	Not exactly the best CPK experiences I've ever experienced.  Yet, I still continue to eat here whenever I visit the Fashion Show.  It's tradition with the family, I guess.Food is mediocre, like every other CPK.  Waiters and waitresses tend to be a bit slow attending to diner's needs.  I always enjoy the strange customers that visit every once in awhile - like these two middle-aged women who both resembled Dolly Parton popping pills like crazy after eating their meal.If you can, try to get a table on the "outside", so you can people watch all the passer-bys in the mall!
4	You can't go wrong with CPK if you are familiar with them. The pizzas are standard and the location is convenient.The service was up to par for us, and the food came out fairly quickly. If you don't feel like spending a lot of money for food but still want to dine at a sit-down place, CPK will do the trick. It's casual but still conveniently situated by the casinos.
3	only thing i order here is the chinese chicken salad and it's good! everything else looks crappy though.....
1	Honestly, this place was garbage. First off, extremely poor service. My friend tried to order a drink and they grilled his ID for about 15 minutes. Not a good start to our meal.About twenty minutes later we get our drinks and some cold, stale bread with packets of butter. Delicious, right?Our server was virtually unseen and it took forever to get our food. Did I mention that the food wasn't very good? My friend and I shared the pizza salad. The bread was stale and the salad was mediocre at best. Our other friend had the chipotle chicken pizza which he seemed to enjoy.Overall though, terrible service and pretty terrible food. Will not be back.
4	Restaurant: OK Service: What you expect. Eats: Hummus, BBQ Chicken Pizza Return Visits: Yes Restaurant is average, nothing fancy shmancy. The day we visited, it was on the weekend and it was pretty busy but we were seated right away. Our waitress did the usual; drink order, leave, food order, leave, check in #1, leave, check in #2, leave, check, bye-bye. Nothing over the top, she did her job but if I was to revisit, I wouldn't know who she was. Food was pretty good, I haven't been to CPK in years and I couldn't remember what the food tasted like but as far as I can tell, it tastes different, I don't remember it tasting the way that it did lol. It was pleasantly yummy! We intend to return, specially if we're at the mall and looking to get some yummies in our tummies.
5	We went to this CPK because it is right across the street from the Mirage and we were trying to eat and get to the hotel in time to see the volcanoe eruption. Our server was awesome and got our order in right away and even told us the best way to get out of the parking garage. We ordered or usual BBQ Chicken Pizza and then saw the sign on the table for the Artichoke Parmesan Pizza and she was even kind enough to change the order once it had already been put in. The pizza was great and the Chinese Chicken salad is always good. We sat in the mall area outside the restaurant which kept our kids busy with so much to watch and look at. A chain restaurant, yes, but this was a good one at that...and we made it to the volcanoe just in time!
4	On my Weekend Trip to Las Vegas....May 14-16...I stopped by CPK on saturday afternoon....and BOY O Boy was it a trek to find this spot in the Fashion Show Mall...Phewww!!!!Good thing the food was so good though. YUMMM!!!The bread was hot and good...the waitress was perfectoWe had BBQ Pizza, Appetizers, Chicken Alfredo & DrinksRather expensive for 3 people at lunch time though
4	dig the cpk located on the west side of the fashion show mall. anytime i am feeling like a personal pizza or salad, they always come through. cpk is located just below from where i work in the mall so it is super convenient. i just order my lunch or dinner online, enter a pick-up time, and mossey on down the escalator to pick up my food.effortless and convenient. =)
4	I certainly don't come here for the pizzas - there are about 20 tastier pizzas in town off the top of my head. I come here for the incredible salads! They are a bit pricey, but you can get the full sized (2 meals in one), or knock a few bucks off for half - the perfect lunch.They have such a fun creative array of options and toppings, like this one: Moroccan-spiced chicken breast with crisp Romaine lettuce, roasted butternut squash, Medjool dates, fresh avocado, toasted almonds, fresh beets, chopped egg, carrots, dried cranberries and red bell peppers. Tossed with our champagne vinaigrette. DELISH!I typically get the Cobb these days (it's low carb) and they have one of the best Cobbs in town. The avocado is always fresh and it's always loaded with meat and cheesey goodness. Look past the mediocre pizzas and try a salad - you won't be disappointed !
5	This was probably the BEST California Pizza Kitchen that I have ever been to.Our server was down to earth!  He was a local boy from Hawaii and KNEW that we were from Hawaii... and we received his full attention.He helped us select our entrees and suggested the mango iced tea which was amazing!We ordered a Jamaican Jerk Chicken, California Club, and The Works.(Trying to order the same exact combination at another location in Disneyland... they were an epic failure!)Next time I'm in Vegas, I'll be sure to save a trip to Fashion Show Mall's California Pizza Kitchen. :)
4	love pizza, but not all pizza does justice..  cpk, fulfills my pizza expectations as far as options.  my absolute favorite from this joint: carne asada on pesto pizza is my number one forever.. [especially from cpk]  others: bbq chicken and the tri colore.  there's usually a wait, but any restaurant at town square is the same.  a place located in a busy shopping mall will do that.on a sidenote: it's not rare that we've had to go somewhere else because of a really long wait.service has always been good at the townsquare location.. they're usually very patient and on point with recommendations and explanations of the menu which is good.   never seem frustrated with a million questions which is doubly good. 'to go' is also a great thing.  ordering to go from CPK and enjoying your food at one of the tables provided throughout town square makes the dining and people watching experience pretty dope. other perks: tortilla soup.  one of the better tasting tortilla soups I've had.. oh! and their bread!
2	Um... No.When you are out to enjoy the night with a great friend, the last thing you want to do is go to a restaurant with terrible service.My buddy ordered a cosmopolitan (which took forever to even order) and they totally forgot.  The waitress never came around, and it seems like the whole time we were looking for her.  Coming from a hospitality background, I understand that it gets busy.  Looking around the restaurant on this particular night, it was not.  It was a weekday and there were a ton of empty tables.When we finally got our food, it was just ok.  Now mind you, I have eaten at CPK before, and the food was better.  Maybe this location just sucks.  I'd rather compete with the tourist traffic and go to the Mirage one.
3	Just like any CPK, this one has good food. Unlike most, this one has an AMAZING value for the food you get. You can actually have a complete dinner in Vegas for under $20. You do lose out a little, the quality of food is slighly lower than it's mainstream counterparts. (ie the lettuce just isn't as fresh.) Overall though, I'd recommend this place to anyone staying at or near the Mirage.
3	Inside the fabulous Fashion Show Mall on the corner of Spring Mountain and Las Vegas Boulevard, the CPK here keeps you safe from the outdoor wind chills and cools you down from the blazing hot summer days. One of my favorite parts about this particular one is that you get to people watch while you eat. When I was working inside the Fashion Show mall, I would order lunch ahead of time by calling it in and picking it up (fast, great service!) and some days, I would order it ahead of time and lounge on a table and people while enjoying lunch.It's kind of redundant to place in a review for a pizza chain like CPK, but the reason why I chose to review this place was not only to share my own experiences, but to let out-of-towners know WHY they should eat at this particular one. It's like decyphering the business owner's reasons why (not counting the placement for revenue inside one of the busier malls in Las Vegas, haha!). So here's what I love to order from here:CHINESE CHICKEN SALAD: is my favorite salad of all time and I like to order it when I got to different places. Hard to say that CPK is the best one (I make the best one :P) but it's my favorite from the menu. Sometimes the lettuce could be a bit fresher, but when it is fresh? YUM!TUSCAN HUMMUS: deh-lish-isssss! I can eat an entire bucket of this hummus! It's soo addicting! I usually order this and a salad and I'm good to go for a few hours. This is the reason why I ventured out to try different hummuses outside of CPK!ITALIAN PIZZA (discontinued pizza, wahh!): I remember speaking to one of the servers and they broke the heartbreaking news to me! :'( My girlfriend's sister is the one who introduced me to this one and it became my favorite! The ingredients missing from the replacement pizza (Mushroom, Pepperoni, Sausage pizza) is the peppers that lit up the pizza. If I remember correctly, they changed the sausages too! :( Major disappointment! I'm a semi-health nut so I order on the honey wheat with whole grain crust!3 stars because it isn't super different from the others, deducted for the change of menu and average service from the staff but cool points for having ordered from the phone and never having to wait ridiculous amounts of time. Would I come back? Yeah, I'm actually thinking about it right now! NEW ITEMS ON THE MENU TOO!Korean BBQ tacos?! .......to be continued!
4	First time eating here, dropped in for a bite with a friend during some holiday shopping. The food here is great and definitely beats and food court offerings at the Fashion Show.My friend and I shared the Carne Asada pizza which is great and is served with condiments normally served with tacos and other Mexican dishes. The bar here is surprisingly good as well, I would recommend their mojito.
5	If you've eaten at one CPK, you've eaten at them all. Honestly I feel that writing a review for a particular location of a popular franchise is repeating the facts stated in the other reviews (with slight variations of opinion and specific experiences). Well, now that I've already defined how this review is supposed to go.... The food is always good whenever I hit this place up. I've never had an issue with their service or the wait times. Their location is deep inside of the mall, so strip wanderers may never make it in this far. The establishment is nice and clean - though smaller than most CPKs that I've been to. Yadda yadda...There's just one thing that stands out the most for me - the frosted mugs. YESSIR, THEM FROSTED MUGS AT THE BAR! Every single time I've ordered a beer, the mug is nice and frosted - the top of the head slightly frozen over. I can't find a spot in the mall that serves a beer better than this place. Of course El Segundo, Stripburger, and RA have full service bars with larger drink selection - but bam, this CPK wins my heart over with their frosted mugs.
4	Very good, well priced and never have they messed up my order, which is rare...I'm picky and allergic to a lot! I always get the BBQ Chicken Pizza (no onions no cliantro), Tortilla Soup or Thai Salad. Those are guaranteed awesomeness. This location is great for a quick lunch while at Fashion Show Mall.
2	Should of went to Grimaldi's......
4	It's CPK.  Typically the food is consistent.  The last time in the waitress was just not that good.  I hate leaving a small tips, but in this case I think it was warranted.  I just don't get how a person that LIVES on tips can be so poor at it.  My guess is she may not be living on tips much longer.
3	So, I've been to CPK SEVERAL times and NEVER have a problem, but I didn't have such a good experience this time.  Our hostess acted like she didn't care that we were there, mind you we were still an hour away from closing.  And, the table she sat us at was dirty, again, mind you, it's an hour from closing and there are TONS of tables available.The saving grace was our waiter, who was spot on with our drinks and meals.  I like the fact that this CPK is in the Fashion Show mall, as it's quite convenient.  I hope in the future I have a better experience at this location.
4	Met a work colleague here for a late dinner. Objective: A place in the Fashion Show Mall with a decent list of wines by the glass and somewhat healthy fare. We had originally planned to dine at Nordstrom Cafe (a fave) but they closed earlier than CPK, which delivered beautifully.  Nice atmosphere and OK service, although I had to stalk our server a bit for H20.  The miso salad (I do the half with shrimp, dressing on side, no crispy rice sticks) is my fave of the salads here. It's fabulous and inventive.  The $5-ish small bite appetizers aren't much of a "deal" because the portions are so tiny - but while I usually get scandalized when something that seems like a value isn't, I was OK in this case.  We shared a meditteranean combo ap and it proved to be a great way to distract me from the bread basket.
3	from a vegan's perspective, california pizza kitchen isn't spectacular, but it's decent enough.  there's not a plethora of options here but the hummus appetizer is a must.  as for the pizza itself, i usually get the vegetarian pizza (without cheese and not on the honey wheat crust.)  it's good but i can make better at home.  if you're in Vegas, this is one of the few vegan-friendy options.
5	Located in the Mirage+1 must have: mixed vegetable salad+1 garlic chicken pizza AMAZING+1 view of horse races and keno+1 fast service+1 great place to share food and drink.
5	Alex is great!  Had Margarita Pizza, Asparagus Arugura salad and Chicken Caesar Salad.  Good lunch.
4	I like coming here when in Vegas.Was here the other night and ordered a half size morrocan something salad (it's pretty huge - get a full size if intending to share).  Good value by vegas standards - I don't feel like the price is higher than in othe cities or states.My table mates had a cobb salad, the jerk chicken pizza and some meat pizza.  Across the way, some fab people recommended the pear and gorgonzola.I don't think you can go wrong eating here.
5	The asparagus / arrugula salad is a keeper.Here's a tip:  order your pizza thin crust.  The texture and crsipness will make a difference every time.  Add a cold frosty beer and sit on the sidewalk in the mall.  5 Star "people watching" place!
2	A friend and I went here on a weekday around 4 pm. We sat on the "patio" which is inside. The waitress wasn't overly nice or helpful. We ordered  the mini tacos for an appetizer and a BBQ Chicken and apple wood  bacon pizza. We would have ordered another if they would have told us they were small but the waitress didn't bother.  They brought us a pizza missing the bacon. We ate it assuming it was under the cheese but no. They realized they had made a mistake and rather than coming to apologize and getting us the correct pizza the waitress brought us the bill saying that they didn't charge us for the bacon!  So they took off a dollar something.  The food was great but the service sub par.
3	I came here when I was at Fashion Show mall and had a sudden craving for pizza. I did not want to go to the food court and eat Sbarro so I thought, why not CPK? Upon entering the service was very quick. They sat us and took our order right away. We decided to order the Korean BBQ tacos with sweet chili sauce, mushroom pizza, and the works pizza. Breakdown:The Korean BBQ tacos were the highlight of the meal! The sweet chili sauce perfectly complemented the chunks of meat and greens. The sweet sauce would leave a little kick of spicy after every bite. The mushroom pizza was average. It satisfied my craving for pizza, but I was not wow-ed by it. Half way through the meal the cheese  wasn't as soft and  had a weird consistency. Half way through the meal I found myself wishing I had tried Grimaldi's next door. The works pizza definitely was a little bit of everything. It had so many colorful toppings that made it look very appetizing. I was not too big of a fan though, since I don't care for meat on my pizza (veggies all the way!).The experience at California Pizza Kitchen was an okay one. Would I go back? Maybe, but probably not for a while.
4	I've been a CPK fan ever since I lived in Hong Kong. I remember taking the time off with my family after church to enjoy their garlic cream fettucine which we did again a couple of nights ago. In addition to that, we had an order of their roasted garlic chicken pizza as well as their classic caesar's salad. Every experience here brings in an aura of nostalgia. The food tasted exactly the same as it did back in Hong Kong around 2008, down to the very last detail. And by that, I mean the food is very flavorful and rich. Mind you, the garlic fettucine tends to get a little oily so with my mom's gallstone concerns, I had to limit the amount she was taking in or else it would cause a stomach upset (bilary cholic is what they call it if memory serves me well) Aside from that, this is a good place to hang out after a long day of walking around the mall. They're pretty family-oriented too. The table next to us was a family of 3 with a cute little girl and she was given some crayons and coloring sheets for her enjoyment. She doodled her way through dinner and looked like she had a lot of fun. Staff is friendly and you have the choice whether to eat inside or outside - where you could watch people walk by. Overall, the experience was pleasant and we were happily stuffed.
4	Its been so long since I been to California Kitchen, the pizza's were very tasteful. I forgot how good this place was will be back soon.
3	Food was good enough. Service was terrible at this location. I had to wonder where they kept going. It was just terrible. Yikes.
1	SLOW SLOW SLOW SLOW.SLOW service, and the food certainly doesn't make up for it.
2	this review is for the california pizza kitchen inside the fashion show mall.  first of all.. out of all the california pizza kitchens i've been to, this one has the worst service.  i work inside of the mall so i consider myself a regular here and bad service is something that i find on most of my visits.  when you first walk in, you'll find the chatty hostesses who will talk to their friends in front of you while you stare at them and wait for them to seat you.  most of the waiters/waitresses will take their sweet ass time to get to you and help you with what you need, especially if what you needed was a refill of your drink.  on one occasion, they charged me the wrong amount to my credit card and i had to drive back to CPK just to get it fixed.  on a second occasion, i came with friends and we paid for the bill in twenty dollar bills.. well you know how you're supposed to get change back right? the waiter took our money and DISAPPEARED.  we sat there waiting for 30 minutes for him to return and no one came around.  since it was late and the rest of the mall was closing, we just gave up and left.  even though i got compensated for it by the manager (she's a real sweetheart) when i came around a second time, i gotta warn you guys to be careful when you're paying for your meal.. whether you pay with cash or card. anyways, as for everything else, the restaurant is clean, the seats aren't cramped, and the portions are a little below average compared to other CPKs (i guess i expect that when i'm dining at the fashion show mall).the food is standard and consistent.  one thing i really recommend is the garlic cream fettuccine.. like seriously its the only thing i order every time i come.  if you've never had it before, its a nice big plate of noodles with a thick white sauce that fills you up good for 10 dollars.  you can add chicken and mushrooms to it for an extra cost, but i don't.  one plate of noodles can be shared between two people for a meal that won't make you feel bloated despite the heavyness of the sauce.  the spaghetti bolognese is good too if you want something tomato-y.  theres a garlic tomato-y spaghetti that they sell that i don't recommend anyone to eat.. unless they enjoy a mouth full of garlic flavor that super minty gum can't remove. the pesto is not my favorite.  the salads here are on the ehh side. for appetizers, the fried macaroni and cheese (it has a fancier name.. but i forgot it) is delicious! but it's on the small side.  it comes with four pieces (my picture only shows two because i have a bad habit of eating my food and then remembering to take a picture) on a plate with cheesy sauce.  as for the pizzas.. i can't say anything about them.  i don't like pizza ): overall, the food here is just as good as any other california pizza kitchen but i'd rather go to town square or the mirage because the service would be better there.p.s. when they ask you if you want to sit inside or outside, choose INSIDE! from my experience, the service is faster. oh and ask for free bread.  yum!p.p.s i've recently discovered that you get more food with take out!
5	The best: Garlic Chicken Pizza.
3	It's a CPK, so it's pretty much what you'd expect from a CPK.And that is: fresh, decent, quick serve restaurant-fare in a sit-down setting. Service was prompt and helpful and friendly.They have a number of new items which seem to push them into the territory of 'more serious' restaurant. And that includes a salmon dish for close to $20. I almost never order salmon out anyway, and that's probably not going to sway me.For a informal business lunch, it works just fine here. The tortilla soup has a bit of bit, and a good deal of flavor. CPK has always been a soup-place for some, and I was happy to dive in myself.  A Cobb salad, I think, is what I had next. Perfectly fine, if not terribly robust. The chunks of turkey/chicken were a presence in the salad, but really didn't stand out. The avocado made itself better known, and that was fine. The shredded Romaine was adequate, if not terribly flavorful.Nice chill atmosphere in the middle of a very busy Mall.
3	Nice large portions in a bright welcoming room. We came for a weekday lunch. I had a meat pizza; the Mrs. had a salad. Both were fine, but nothing was especially memorable about it. I would have loved to have sampled the best pizza in Vegas, but figured it would not likely be at CPK. That was the case.This is not a bad place to go if you have to be trapped in the Fashion Show Mall.
5	Yum! A great place to eat pizza. LOVE IT!!
5	I freaking love CPK! I'm totally addicted to their caramelized peach salad. let me tell you about it.. warm caramelized peaches with dried cranberries and red onions on a bed of greens topped with Gorgonzola cheese in a balsamic dressing... and i always get mine with grilled shrimp. Throw that with a glass of Riesling and your set. The service is always great here too. Love this place
5	Food was very good as well as service.  Manager was friendly and overall great experience.   Delicious spinach and artichoke dip as well as BBQ pizza.
4	Who doesn't love CPK? This restaurant has been around since I was a kid. Unfortunately, there aren't too many locations here in Vegas. They really should consider opening a location away from the strip.What I like about CPK is that they are always consistent. I walk in knowing that I will eat good food and leave happy. Here are some of my favorites:-The original BBQ Chicken Pizza: gotta love this classic. Always comes out hot and delicious! -Spinach Artichoke Dip: I have ordered this dish at many restaurants, but CPK has the best one. Its very smooth, creamy, and easy to dip!-Garlic Cream Fettuccine with Chicken: another classic that I love. The sauce is thick and full of flavor, which is how I like my pastas!-California Club Sandwich: I ordered this a couple of times when I lived in California and I remember it being surprisingly good. I think the herb cheese focaccia bread was very tasty.-Avocado Club Egg Rolls: I have never tried this, but my husband loves them.One dish you might want to stay away from is the Crispy Mac N' Cheese. We ordered it when the new small plates menu came out. It sounded interesting because they use Panko, but it was very cold and the cheese was flavorless. Service has always been pretty good and attentive. Definitely one of the better dining options at the mall!
5	Well worth the long wait.I went to Vegas for the first time this year and I had to try out their California Pizza Kitchen on the strip (Las Vegas Boulevard). There were tons of families and couples and groups lined up. I was there with 3 friends. We waited about a half hour.Once seated the service was prompt. I shared the white pizza with a friend and it was really good. My other two friends shared BBQ chicken with applewood smoked bacon pizza, which was delicious. For dessert we shared CPK's mouthwatering butter cake with a scoop of Haagan Daaz. Good food. Good service. Good times.
5	It has been a long time since I had such great pasta from a chain restaurant.  I was prepared to order a pizza until I saw a garlic pasta with the option of shrimp, chicken or mushrooms added... they allowed me to add all three and it was excellent! The shrimp were markedly delicious... which I did not expect from a pizza establishment!  The added bonus was the proximity of the large screens at the betting booths nearby that were featuring the Spurs game while we ate.
2	Too pricey for what you get, then again it's Vegas. The salad was real good, forgot what it was called tho. Pizza was alright, nothing spectacular.
3	Oh California Pizza Kitchen...Every 6 months when we're going to Fashion Show Mall I enthusiastically exclaim, "CPK!" And I truly cannot wait to eat at you...But then once my pizza has arrived I remember why I make no effort to get down here more than every 6 months...Your pizza is just not that good. (I'm so sorry, I had to say it!) And I feel badly saying it, really I do....because I like your salads, small plates and appetizers. And because the service here is good! Very friendly and welcoming, no matter how big or small my group. But with a name like "California Pizza Kitchen" I forget to just stick with the yummy salads and appetizers and I inevitably venture off into the pizza danger zone. Probably it's my fault...I'm sorry California Pizza Kitchen. But I'm sure to be back again in 6 months with fully renewed enthusiasm. "CPK!" I will shout. And we'll laugh and laugh, you and I. Until then...
4	This is some of the best pizza I've ever eaten! Truly amazing! ! I tried the bbq chicken and the jerk chicken...both were excellent! ! Service was pretty good too.
3	CPK in Vegas is the same in LA. The servers were very attentive and we never had an empty water glass. :D ENJOY!
2	Why change things up?  No more Tri Color Pizza and they changed the Passion Fruit iced tea.   Agh!!!
4	Sometimes when in a Casino you need a quick meal and CPK is the perfect place for that! Salads and pizza are always amazing. The Thai Crunch salad is my go to dish, don't forget to add Shrimp!!
4	This franchise is always good and consistent--can't really go wrong.  This one gets special notice due to its proximity to the Mirage sports book, which is still my favorite.  Prices have climbed over the years, but not too badly.  Can't go wrong with the pizzas and salads.  Bread and butter are good compliments.
3	Food was good the service well not so much almost seemed like we we a bother. He did not really seem like he wanted to be there. Very much in a hurry.
3	What is the big deal about this place?When I came here I was expecting great things, but it disappointed.I dont like dry pizza or no taste. It felt like someone took bread and then sprinked toppings on top of it and stuck it into the oven. The sauce wasn't special, the toppings weren't special. Selection is nice but it seems like a mixture of things put together.Their pasta was pretty good, which is for the stars. But for the thing they are known for (pizza) I cannot say it was great at all. Especially for the price. I dont like it.
4	I had the Cedar Plank Salmon and it was delicious, the spicy corn on the side complemented the salmon.  The Cobb Salad was equally great as well as the Spinach Artichoke Dip.  Our server was attentive and very patient!
4	Pizza Cat admits she likes this chain. Yes, you can even find CPK in the FREEZER SECTION AT WALMART, but that's because it's good and Pizza Cat cannot turn down good food. Pizza Cat had grown up on CPK as a kitten, so as newer, faster, leaner pizza places cropped up, CPK was thrown to the side. Full-disclosure: Pizza Cat admits a lot of the food she will review, she has tasted over the last decade. But she recently had their new California Flatbreads, which were delicious. Pizza Cat got their Spicy Fennel Sausage with Poblano Chiles Flatbread and their Bianco Flatbread (truffle cream, gorgonzola, mozza and fresh sage). Both were delicious. The Poblano chiles they used did not taste like chile rellenos. Instead, they were thin, strips, almost shavings of the chile. It had a bite, the combination of the cheese, oregano and chile was extraordinary. As was the combination of gorgonzola and fresh sage. Who said CPK had lost their touch? They may have become corporate, but they still have their creative flair. Pizza Cat was glad to see they kept many of their long-time favorites on the menu. She recommends their Sedona Tortilla soup and Dakota Smashed pea soup. Unbelievably good. Pizza Cat says their original BBQ chicken pizza is good  and so is their Thai Chicken Pizza and/or Thai Crunch salad. Her favorite is the Pear and Gorgonzola Pizza that comes with chilled field greens on top. Unfortunately, their "ordinary" pizzas are not as good. *shrugs*Service was less than stellar, it was on par to what she'd find at Chipotle. But food is still tasty and prices are reasonable and it's located in a convenient location. Can't say no to that!
5	Just home from another good meal with old friends. As always your food is great, special shout out to our server George, you are not only a great server your very polite you have an engaging personality and your very quick witted, continued success in Las Vegas
4	It didn't look like much but it was better than it looked. My veggie pizza without cheese. Broccoli was delicious. Mushrooms were good. Needed little more sauce. It was little on the dry side. Probably because I had no cheese. My waiter brought my drinks before my other one finished. Top service. What I wanted was salad pizza but I just don't know how to order it. I just have to try it again. Ha!
4	I think this is an excellent place to have lunch. It's located at the mall sometimes they're crowded so you do have to be careful. When I go for lunch I get the half veggies salad. What a great invention if you add goat cheese is even better.
3	I just wasn't that into it, but it was an alright experience.After walking around the Fashion show mall, we decided to eat at the highly acclaimed CPK. Expecting large portions, we decided to get one salad and two pizzas ("The Works" and "California Club" pizzas). As we waited for order, the waiter gave us bread. I was kind of thrown off when we got out bread because the "sauce" was simply olive oil and pepper. It's probably nothing because I not usually a "fancy" person ... But oh well, it was free so I couldn't really complain. As our food came, I honestly thought that they gave us random appetizers, but no it was our pizza (it was very ... Small). The salad was better than I thought it would be, so that's a plus. Anyway, it wasn't a traditional "Pizza Hut" pizza, so I liked how original it was. The service was great and the area was clean.
1	We ordered food to go. To make a long story short, we ended up waiting almost an hour and a half for our food. They lost part of our order so we had to wait for them to complete our order.   Then they got some of the orders wrong. Due to waiting some of our food was cold and dry. I got pizza and it tasted like it was a day old!  No apologies were given. You would think that the service would be better for what they charge. Or maybe the service for food to go isn't there because a server is not being tipped. It was very disappointing and it seemed like they didnt care.
5	very nice and fresh foodlot's of choicesi recommendAnd you know what ?They are charming :)
4	I am not a big CPK fan but will definitely eat here again . Food was better than average and the service was great. Great spot to eat while your in the Mall.
1	There was a wait. The hostess took our name and said we would be next, and to have a seat. She then proceeded to seat two other couples that had arrived and checked in after us. We decided to eat at Grimaldis instead.
2	Very overpriced for Las Vegas terrible service. The food was just Ok, you can get so much better in Vegas.
2	Terrible experience for take out.. why call ahead if they don't even start your order until you show up? Luckily my family was satisfied with the food because I waited an extra half hour for it.
5	Okay, I gave this five stars not because it's a five star restaurant but the food was fresh, and hot.  The service was unbeatable.  Wine and drink menu good.  It was just me and I had the chicken taco pizza.. Or something like that.  Way to much,  needed to share with one or more people.  I would come here  again.
3	Like many places on the Strip, it's hard to point to anything wrong with our meal here, but nothing stood out about the food or the service. The waiter was efficient, but he obviously was trying to spend as little time as possible taking care of us, despite the fact that our group of 11 made up nearly all of the customers in his section. I think the BBQ chicken pizza is still one of my favorites at any pizza place. The molten chocolate dessert also ranks very highly on my list of favorites anywhere. Locations in other cities were nicer than this one overall.
4	I'm a sucker for pizza so of course I had to come here! They never disappoint. They are not the vest for pizza in my opinion but are always good especially for the kids! The ranch is super yummy. Love there Sicilian pizza. Love that they have gluten options for crust. They have yummy alcohol drinks. Their strawberry lemonade is delicious. Prices are good and service is always good!!
3	So, my wife and I were hungry after shopping at the Fashion Show Mall. I like coming here for their flatbreads and fresh salads (especially after eating rice for 5 straight days!). We got the mushroom and spinach flatbread ($5), bbq chicken salad ($10), and the fish tacos ($13.99). I like the flavors of their salads bc of the numerous ingredients they use. Their flatbreads are a good value for two people. However, I wouldn't order the fish tacos again. The fish portion was too small and the dish overall is not worth the price (It came with just chips and salsa). Overall, I think CPK is one of the good chain restos out there if you're looking for simple food but with interesting flavors.....or if you want a break from rice.
1	My husband and I were deciding on places to eat and he decided we should go here since we were already inside of the mall. It was pretty crowded but we only had about a 10 minute wait. So we were seated at our table and the server took a little while to get there. When she got there we ordered our food and we waited for that to come to us (which took quite some time because they were busy). After we got our food, we realized it was made incorrect. I told the waitress bring our dressing on the side, but instead she brought the food WITH the dressing on it and salsa on the side (not to mention there was no chicken on it). Soo flagged a manager and she told us to keep that one and would order another one. Well the next one came out semi-correct. It was still missing the chicken! So hour or less then tentative server decided to say that we didn't order it, which was a lie. So we had to wait, yet again for a third pizza which was different. We started to eat it, but our appetites were shot to hell by the time we realized our stupid waitress was messing everything up. Overall, we don't plan to return to this crumby location ever again. But we haven't ruled out the better location we went to previously in Town Square.  So bottom line, avoid this articulate location. You'd be better off eating Auntie Anne's or Subway instead of this place.
5	We came here twice during our stay in Vegas. They were very nice and accommodating, able to change the food for my special dietary needs. They even remade my order without charging me for my meal. The manager was super nice and the staff was great. I loved the food, very tasty and fresh.
1	These guys suck! Horrible people, horrible service. Do waste your time or money! Did not enjoy the experience period! Try a vending truck for better luck!
5	I love CPK but our experience here December 11th had to be the best ever!  My family and I went to see Santa at the Dreamwork's experience before lunch and left our pictures on the table when we left.  We called that night just to discover they were nowhere to be found.  The morning after, the daytime Manager from the day we were there (whom we met) called my husband to apologize and then proceeded to go way above by explaining the situation to "santa" and get new print outs of our special day.  I was in tears (literally).  I cannot express how much I appreciate her not to mention the amazing meal!  CPK I applaud you and your staff.
