5	We had a late reservation at Sinatra (at the Encore Hotel) so while we waited we stopped into the very sexy Lobby & Bar Cafe which is also located in the Encore. Here's a good pic of the place: http://govegas.about.com/od/lasvegashotels/ig/Encore-Las-Vegas/lobbybar2.htmWe were seated at the edge of the lounge which allowed us to people watch in the casino as we sipped our cocktails. Our cocktail waitress Victoria was attentive and very friendly! Our drinks were delicious! They has a special Xmas cocktail menu.. I enjoyed this place so much we dropped in again for a night cap before we retired for the night.
4	This is a great spot to chill have a nice drink and a conversation...all while getting some great people watching in.
4	Came here around 2:30 in the morning after the end of long night and even longer week. All I wanted was a late night snack and a coke before I headed to bed. I ended up sitting at the bar and ordering a turkery burger and a coke. The bartender was really friendly and the food came out quick. The turkey burger was juicy and the fries were crispy and hot. I ended seeing a bunch of people from my work that destroyed my fry supply. Which was fine because I really wasn't that hungry.This place isn't really anything special but the bartenders really make it.
4	Yes, it's pricey, but you're at Wynn/Encore so you should expect that. Ordered food out at the pool and learned you get prepackaged food from the Lobby Bar & Cafe. The Asian salad was yummy, with lots of chicken and good dressing. However, we sent the $12 tuna sandwich back when we saw it was just a tiny sandwich with no sides or anything. They have breakfast here in the morning, which is nice when you don't want a full sit-down breakfast. The yogurt with berries and granola was great (reasonably priced for the amount of fresh berries you get) and the coffee was pretty good too. Didn't experience this place as a bar, but the design was spectacular (as with all of Encore) and I'm sure it's a nice gathering place for a cocktail.
2	Not sure about the bar, but the cafe part sure sucked. Came here for a quick bite before clubbing, service was almost non-existent. Ordered the Pressed Beef and Cheddar Sandwich without onions. A server returned 10 minutes later saying that the onions "are mortified" in the sandwich. Say what?? After seeing our look of confusion, she explained that the onions cannot be taken out because the chef had prepared it in the morning and is gone for the day. Prepared in the morning?? It was almost 10pm!! Talk about freshness.The sandwich actually turned out pretty good. Nice and warm, definitely appeared fresh. Could've fooled anyone. Given that we were at Wynn/Encore, we expected higher quality and better experience.
4	While hanging out at the Lobby Bar inside Encore, I learned that fries taste really good when dipped in mayo, especially at 2:30am. The chow mein I had was super greasy, which was perfect after several shots of vodka. The burger looked super juicy, and would've been great too. My guy had a triple latte, which is apparently like Nyquil for him. Conveniently located next to the guest elevators, we made a pit stop here several times when having the drunkie munchies.Our cocktail waitress was cute with her boobs spilling out of her mini dress, which we are all convinced is a requirement to work for Steve Wynn.
5	Had a great egg, cheese and bacon croissant here. It was fresh, high quality and even worth the $9 I paid.
3	I came here for the red'd out decor. By any definition, fucking haute. I had the Mahi Mahi tacos. They didn't taste like Mahi Mahi tacos.
5	Gorgeous space, pretty servers. Food is a bit dainty, but top notch and the drinks are really great. Wynn does ambiance better than any other property. This bar is all at once trendy and busy yet somehow serene. Service was prompt, a fun place to people watch and relax.
5	We woke up late from an evening nap and headed our hungry bellies downstairs at 11pm.  Where else could you have a hefty, meaty buger with fries accompanied by the drink that you brought down from your room upstairs?  Where else could you finish your meal off with a perfectly chilled shot of Patron? At the Lobby Bar and Cafe of course!Full bar, late night bites, steps from the hotel room elevators.  I was sold!
4	We were staying at Encore so this place was quite convienent, right off the elevators. We first tried their breakfast offerings and their croissant sandwiches were really tasty. We also tried one of their tapas trees and that was fantastic with great presentation. It's a little on the pricy side, but this is Vegas afterall!
5	Wow. Wow. Wow.This little cafe was the perfect place for a light lunch this past Memorial Day Weekend. For starters, the cafe is gorgeous with it's vibrant red colors and it's gold decor. The coffee and other coffee drinks (white mocha specifically), delicious.And the appetizer style menu is full of variety. Not to mention you are served your appetizers on the branches of a decorative tree.Thank you so much Chef Sandra for sending us your favorite appetizers to taste. They were amazing!We will most definitely return. Soon!
3	Had just drinks before ending the night...Can't remember the exact names.Mojito drink: yum, sweet and minty, came with a stick of sugar cane (but not edible).Margarita drink: pretty good but I liked the mojito better.Service was really good. The waitress was really nice, friendly and attentive.
4	Like everything in the Encore, this joint is pricey.  Still...great drinks, and a nice place to people watch.
3	We stopped here to get a light meal after seeing the tapas tree advertised.  This is a trendy place with a lounge feel.  We got a tapas tree of three.  Very cute.  The standout was the chicken and waffles.  It was little breaded pieces of chicken with crispy pieces of waffle, a small quail egg with a separate bowl of spicy maple syrup to dip everything in.  Very innovative and tasty.  Also ordered bananas foster which was excellent.  I was there with a group of women so we were virtually ignored by all the female waitresses in their skimpy outfits.  They must have figured we had no men in our group so we wouldn't tip well.  It was fun to try different menu items and share them with friends.
4	We only came here for some after dinner drinks, after getting kicked out of the Eastside Lounge for one person in our group being under 21 by 2 months.The waitress was very accommodating to the birthday girl, who turned 21 this morning.  We were searching for a drink that she would like.  Our waitress suggested a chocolate cake shot and that did the trick.I had a berry-infused martini.  You couldn't taste any alcohol in it...  Maybe it was because of the juice or something else, but it wasn't that strong.  It did have a nice opalescent color to it.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE it here!  Great Trio appetizers and great location!  Perfectly priced menu!!!!
5	Very, very, very good service. The servers and the bartenders were very friendly. I usually am the first to wake, even on vacations. I don't gamble so every morning I came here, one morning I came alone and enjoyed a cup of tea. One of the servers sat down with me for about five minutes and we just had a little chit chat, sometimes I find it refreshing to talk to strangers. No matter how long the line the service was very fast, I really liked this whenever I woke up hungry. After a long night I tried their food plate and it was amazing. So fresh and so carely cut.
4	Located inside Encore, this was the first place that came to mind when we wanted eat after getting settled in our room. Why? Well because it's the first place we saw after coming out from the elevators. =)This place really is NEVER packed, we were promptly seated and greeted kindly by our waitress for the afternoon. We ordered from the selections under "Choose Three," every thing sounded so good so it was REALLY hard to choose just three! Finally we decided on the Bacon and Cheddar Cheese Potato Croquettes, Grilled portobello, Arugula and Baby Tomato Salad and Tomato and Mozzarella Cheese Skewers with Basil Pesto. The food came out on a "Daphne" sculpture, very beautiful and a very creative way to serve food (the portions were tapas sized portions). Not one thing we chose disappointed, every thing was flavorful! ESPECIALLY the Arugula salad! Food was good, service was good and it's located by the elevators! Did I mention how lazy I am? I don't like going far for food, especially when I'm tired and when my stomach won't yelling at me. Thank you for being so conveniently located!
5	What better to do after walking the tradeshow, than have a Mojito? Well i guess hitting the Wynn gym would have been better, but skinny doesnt feel as good as a mojito tastes. The lobby bar is beautiful and the ambiance is intimate; for it's very dimly lit. I could hear those-around-me's conversations. According to the guy next to us, "Everyone that works here is fucking HOT, im like gonna bust a nut over her", he disclaims to his mistress. (*LOL* aah! These characters you see traveling on business are somethin' else. Snickering my f*ckin a$$ off)  The Decor is stunning, butterflies everywhere and also a good spot to people watch since its right next to the elevator. Drinks were pricey, but then again 5 min later i drank a good $60 worth of mojitos fo free, AND I won $300 at Intant Spin Winner. So it all evens out.The Beauty of Vegas ;)
4	A bit hungry but not alot?  You guys know that feeling.  This tapas bar was my answer.  The bar is literally right next to the guest elevators so it's uber convenient.  Wait staff and bartenders were super attendant - I had great service the 3-4 times I went here while staying at Encore.The crowd was generally cool and laid back.  Good place to casually socialize.  Lighting and red decor kept the place feeling cozy, too.Tapas - pretty tasty.  Had the hummus plate.  Specialty cocktail list was okay, BUT their cranberry mojito is very yummy!  Had quite a few of those during my stay.I'll go back next time I'm at Encore.
2	My sister and I decided to stop by and have a snack and couple drinks before heading to the club so we came here... Decor is pretty and location is super convenient, but totally not worth it! Super expensive drinks, tiny tiny plates of food, & bad service, blehhh! Maybe it was just a fluke and I picked a bad night, but it was a Friday night in Vegas, c'mon. At the end my bill was 75 bucks - 2 cocktails, 2 shots, garlic fries and calamari.
5	This place is great for a late night snack or bite to eat. I highly recommend getting the "Choose Three" appetizer and the fish tacos. The dishes are great and just the perfect amount. Can't go wrong here.
4	This was our breakfast stop each morning. The food is slightly expensive but worth it since it was 5 minutes from our room. Once your order your food, you have to wait 10 -15 mins for it to come out from kitchen. It comes in a fancy Encore bag and disposable trays which is nice if you want to keep your left overs. I ordered the Chorizo wrap and it was delicious. It came with salsa and we very filling. I ended up only eating half because I got so stuffed! If I stayed at the Encore again, I would for sure get breakfast here!
5	Stayed at the Encore for a tradeshow and this place was a great bar to unwind and have some perfect martinis and tapas. Beautiful decor (Wynn specialty) invites you in and the drinks and food will keep you there. Get a good table and enjoy the company you are with. This is one of those places where the time will fly by as you find yourself putting down too many cocktails. Good news the elevators to your room are right near by!
4	Very nice but very expensive drinks, about double to triple what they should charge.  The dueling piano players are awesome and start at 9 PM.Wayne Gorsek
1	We just returned from LDW 2011. I don't hand out one stars easily and I certainly don't like doing it unless a place has some serious work to do. Our server was really nice, but a bit flakey. On more than one occasion she wandered over to our table with the either another tables items or the wrong thing for us. She may have just been having an off night. This is not about the service or the cute decor. This is about the food.I have travelled around the world and eaten in some pretty sketchy places. I have only experience food poisoning a few times in my life. One was in a horrible hotel in Barranquilla, Colombia. I was sick for 3 weeks and lost 12lbs. Several people in our group had to be hospitalized. Luckily I wasn't one of them. Two other times were at home and the final bout with food poisoning came at the hands of nasty shrimp during my recent experience at the Lobby Bar & Cafe.This is absolutely inexcusable at a fine resort such as Encore. Especially in this day and age and when you are paying through the nose to stay somewhere. I realize s**t happens any time any where, but that doesn't make it acceptable!!We hadn't seen our friends all day, as we chilled at the Euro pool on Sunday, while they went to see Kaskade spin. We met up for a quick pre-dinner drink before getting ready for my birthday dinner at Mastro's.Everyone sat down and ordered drinks. I was the only one eating and I ordered the potato with bacon, ham and cheese panini, and the spicy shrimp.  We didn't stay long maybe 45 mins or an hour total.  I only had one drink that was still half full when we left to get ready for dinner. As soon as I stood up the vertigo and dizziness started. I thought goodness I haven't even finished my drink how can I already feel drunk. The walls felt like they were closing in on me as we stepped into the elevator. I barely made it up to the room and I needed to lay down. I knew something wasn't right. I felt hot and like a migraine was coming on. All I wanted to do was close my eyes and have the weird feeling coming over me go away. It wasn't 20 mins later that I flew out of the bed (like a bat outta hell) and had to bow down before the porcelain throne. After tossing cookies several times, I crawled back to bed and curled into fetal position. That is where I remained the rest of the evening. I couldn't move because the dizziness, headache, and lethargy were so intense. I told my husband there was no way I could rally and that dinner needed to be cancelled. Talk about disappointing!!My birthday dinner was completely ruined and an entire evening of our Vegas Vaca was lost into the Abyss that was food poisoning. This may not seem like much to you and yes, luckily I did recover the next day enough to enjoy the rest of our stay, but when you are only in town for the weekend ---one night lost is too many.I will say that after my friends complained to the management they did send up a security official to check on me. I declined medical attention mostly because I didn't want to move from my bed. I didn't even get up when he came in the room. I know this is all part of the Encore's risk management, but I still appreciated the effort despite the occasion. It's the level of service you would expect at 5 star hotel.Anyway all I can say is I hope you never ever have to experience what I went through here. Now I have been put off eating one of my favorite items and I certainly will NEVER EVER eat at this restaurant again!!
4	Mmm, the food is so good here!This place is located near the entrance of the hotel elevators of Encore. They serve small eats and drinks.We came here for a late afternoon snack. After the waitress took our order, she gave us some ketchup chips and nuts to snack on as we waited for our food to come out. The ketchup chips were pretty good! Some of the nuts were rock hard though.The male server who brought our food out was so nice. He explained which dip to use for each dish we ordered. He was a very nice gentleman!My recommendations:- Fish tacos: like I mentioned, this place serves small eats, so don't expect this dish to be big. They give 3 tacos. I ate them all. The mahi mahi was nice and crunchy. The salsa dip and the sauce inside the taco went very well together. It was yummy!- Crispy fried calamari: definitely one of the better calamari I've tasted. Nice and crispy!I definitely recommend this place.
4	Found the lobby Bar and Cafe late at night during the christmas season. The circular bar was not crowded and the side dining room was not busy and we decided to give it a try.The ambiance is outstanding. Comfortable chairs and cushions located at tables that flow around an art deco goddess.The "tree like" shape of the goddess should lead you to ordering a Tapas tree. A variety of tapas are available for you to choose from and you get three presented in a small three tiered tree. ( see photo )Just outstanding .......  I had the fish tacos and found them totally enjoyable.My cousin had the soup of the day and his comment was " I thought I would get a cup of soup not a gallon."We ordered wine by the glass and I made my own black and tan with beer at the table.Could not be better ......You start with the drinks and a small plate of chips and a small plate with a variety of nuts. ( almost like beer nuts at a bar - but much fancier ) The nuts go down quickly and we needed to get an additional plate.The service is very nice...The food hot and tasty ....The atmosphere and the people watching makes you want to just lounge for a long while.Can't wait to return ........ to end another perfect night in Vegas.
1	Beautiful setting but I've gone about 5 times and the service is poor. The servers are never around and never check on us.
3	Perfect for people watching, not crowded. Fondue tree is beautiful, but somewhat disappointing as we were expecting a traditional fondue service - the fondue is served as a trio of chocolate dipping sauces. Convenient location right next to the front desk.
1	Bad service and bad food.  Let me explain...We were staying at Encore and my friend and I decided to come down for a quick snack.  We settled on two orders of sliders.  After being instructed to order from the bar for to-go orders, we did as such (and left a generous tip!).  And so the wait begins...  after about 20 minutes, we inquire about our order.  They then tell us that they had forgotten to put in the order with the kitchen since we ordered from the bar!  After another 20 minutes, they rush out with our order and upon returning to our room, they were stone cold!  Definitely the worst sliders I've ever had!  At $14 an order, I'd expect at least mediocre food...  We weren't offered anything but a quick apology about the "mix up".NAT cool.
4	Always fun to visit, stay & live it up. Go!
5	I actually don't get to this bar NEARLY enough. If I had to name my top five favorite bars in Vegas, this would be on it. Yeah, it's in a hotel, yeah, the prices are crazy, but you knew that or you wouldn't be here in the first place. The staff and bar is on the ball. And I mean from drink serving to pouring to waiting to attention, to decor, this bar has it all and I love it.The deep rich red and the cozy seating areas make it just heavenly to camp out here. The bar is just stunningly beautiful. I can't say that about many bars I've been to here. None of the Cosmo bars even come close to this one (and I'm so not sorry to say that). They have an extensive drink menu. I drink beer mostly, but on the occasion that I've had to drink their mixed drinks, well, they're stout. Be careful, you get a lot more than what you ask for. And, they have seriously top shelf liquor. Loving that.The ambiance is sexy and cool and I've been to every bar in every hotel in this city and the beautiful people congregate at the Encore and the Wynn for sure. Not only that, but they dress to impress so the crowd gazing is worth it's weight in gold. Love that too!I haven't tried the food, but I cannot even imagine that being an issue. Everything here is done with class and style. Go here for laid back evening with friends, or a sexy date with your SO. Either way, you'll find what you need.
5	I read online about a Caviar & Vodka bar on the Wynn properties and on our second day at the Wynn Hotel my husband found it.  What a great find!  We had two orders of the cone Caviar which was off the charts and one order of the oysters with Caviar also excellent. To complete the orders we chose the Jewel of Russia Vodka.  What an evening!  Of course we walked through the esplanade from the Wynn to Encore but only a short walk worth the time.  Our server was the beautiful Shanna and she was well versed on the menu items and the well heeled liquor selections.  We will be back on our next trip.
5	What a great place!  Jewel of Russia Vodka and caviar tasters!  Had a wonderful evening with the love of my life here.  Great caviar selection and fantastic service by Shanna.  Would consider this place the top bar in Vegas.  Classy, good place to snuggle and people watch.  Casual dress, serves breakfast then changes the menu to almost a taster's menu.  Like my Vodka ice old but without ice, maybe they can fix that but either way it is an awesome experience......bring money!!!!
5	The food at this place was great! Just what I needed. I was at the Encore for 3 days for a conference and this place was convenient and reasonably priced. I didn't expect the food to be so good! The service was really friendly too.I had:-the veggie press sandwich: oh my yum! One of the best veggie sandwiches I've had-fish tacos: again, so good. And surprisingly filling!
4	Had a crazy night. Good prices. Will come here again.
4	Love this lobby bar.  We're always here waiting on our friends to come down from their rooms.  You have eat and drink here.  They stop serving food around 10:30-11pm.  Great service here, but they are a little slow are bring you the bill to cash out.
4	A nice place to get a bite to eat before you head out in the morning. Located right in front of the room elevators. Service was much better at night than in the AM. Also, got a chance to see Metta World Peace eating there last week!
5	Encore Beach Party is a very nice spot to party during the day.. we had a table near the dj for a good minimum tab. Service was great no complaints at all..
5	Love this place! The tapas are great - specifically the fish tacos.  Great portion size for pre-club food.  Service is always solid and the people watching is even better.  I've been here twice and Jennifer was our server both times - she's amaze ballz.Prices are what you'd expect at the Encore - $15 martinis - but great ambience, food, and staff make this place worth it.  If you're killing time waiting to go into Surrender, check this place out.
3	We had breakfast here as we were heading out of Vegas early-ish, and didn't have enough time to go to a buffet.  We ordered a coffee, a green energy boost juice, a ham and cheese croissant, cinnamon roll, berries & yogurt and a banana.  The total with tip came to just over $47.    I know, a teeny bit steep for what we got, but then again, we were paying for the convenience.  When you are in a rush to check out, you can't beat the place literally right outside the hotel elevators.  It was comfortable, fast, clean.  You order at the bar for breakfast, pick up your beverages (they forgot mine, so I had to ask them for it when our food arrived) and a different server delivers your food items in to go containers & bags - which is convenient if you are leaving anyway.  The granola/yogurt/berries were really tasty and fresh.  High quality ingredients. Not a large enough portion, but not teeny either. The Ham and Cheese croissant was served warm/hot with a crusty parmesan cheese crusting top.  Generous portion.  It was naughty and had way too much butter in it!  = delicious.  But in truth was heavier than other croissants.  The big cinnamon roll was over the top and too sweet and heavy to face after a weekend of indulgences.  While it was hot and sticky and delicious, I would actually skip this next time.  Of course, that may be because I had just indulged in eating the WHOLE Ham and Cheese croissant. The banana cost $2. The Energy Boost (green juice) with fennel, kale, etc was pretty refreshing and tasty if you like this kind of thing. $8
4	On an insane Saturday night, our large -- too large, really, who thought it would be a good idea to roam around in a pack of 18? -- group received excellent service. The staff pulled two tables together out of a magic hat, promptly took our drink and food orders, which we received pretty quickly and with no mistakes. Plus, it's the eagle's nest for leering at all the hooched out young things peacocking to and fro.  Too bad we had such a negative experience in the casino later (and after our group had dwindled to 8). Otherwise this would be on my Return-To-Do list.
5	Really really good food for a great price. The portobello mushroom sandwich was amazing. They brought out snacks to munch on too! Great service and its right by the encore elevators so its a fantastic location! Will definitely eat here again!
1	Worst calamari ever. EVER. EEEEEEVER. missed hearing 2 orders of sliders (mediocre)- waited an extra 20 minutes for the 2nd order (over cooked). Sigh. No mas. Not recommended to anyone.  $100 for crap?  Vegas. Can I give negative stars?
3	We couldn't even sit down here because of the "proper attire" dress code. Men's shirts must have sleeves, so it was a no-go for the boyfriend in his tank. (We were heading to Encore Beach Club after all.) They DID let us order to-go though. For a quick bite to eat, we had to pay around $4.50 for each cheese danish. Ouch! This place made Starbucks prices seem cheap.
3	Great place to relax and have some food. Very relaxing atmosphere. I had the fish tacos and they were exceptional! Pros :Great food Good prices Not really too busy Laid back atmosphere Next to casino, lobby, and elevators so if you're so inclined you can people watch Outlets to charge your phone or laptop Cons: Not very private if you like you're privacy Prices are a little high, but relative to the rest of the resort it's cheap The service. Sometimes it's really slow even though they're not crowded P. S. Most of the servers are nice and accommodating with the exception of Monica. She was extraordinarily pushy and rude.
4	Nice little bar for a night cap before retiring fir the night or to grab a latte in the morning,Well stocked (average) bar with beer both on tap and bottled.  Wine selection was okay.  Nothing rare on the whiskey front but they have all the standard brands. They also have a cappuccino machine.Very conveniently located between the lobby and the guest elevators.  You can get a libation without having to walk through the casino. They lose a star because the Wifi was poor during my visit.
1	Worst breakfast on the planet. We ordered 2 turkey bacon/egg white/cheese/English muffin sandwiches. Fairly quick with the food. Cost was $25. English muffin was soaked and floppy with oil yet still burnt somehow. Egg was good. Very messy and not at all what I would have expected here at Encore.
4	Great surroundings, great service and good tasty food choices.Stopped by the bar before we played the machines a bit.  The bar is lovely, quite cozy and comfortable.Service, as with all service at the Wynn/Encore is wonderful, professional and friendly.Besides our drinks, a Malibu and Pineapple and Gin and Tonic, the two small plates fit the bill quite nicely.  We had the beef sliders and the charcuterie plate. Both were very good and they came up very quickly.  The Lobby Bar is a nice place for a nice relaxing drink, good conversation, a tasty snack and great service. Plus the extra special bonus is that it is non-smoking! Yes!
5	Yelp's 365 Review Challenge 2014 #280 - #365Of course the Encore Lobby Bar is overpriced but you get what you paid for. Really, you're just paying for the name and ambiance and I was pleased with it. Nothing to complain about over here. It's located right next to the reservations desk and in front of the resort elevators. It's decorated just like the Encore casino with it's red and dark tones and the fancy chandeliers. We were looking to have a small breakfast and decided to eat here because they served bagels, coffee, and orange juice. I think the price was around $17 for a ham & cheese bagel, coffee and orange juice. Total damage! Service was on top of it and the staff always checked to see how we were doing. So if you're looking to have a small snack instead of eating in their fancy restaurants, then head on down to the Encore Lobby Bar.
4	How can you go wrong at a lobby bar? This one doesn't disappoint. Located within encore, It's a great option for hosting some clients, if you would like to engage in business conversation. Their drinks are always on point and they have a light snack menu, which is rather tasty. I recommend this place for a quick drink, a meetup with clients and/buddies or just to chill and people watch.
4	This is a great place to drop in a grab a beverage.  In the morning, they have stuff for breakfast as well.  Service is friendly and prompt.  My only complaint is that guests at Encore sometimes treat this place like a thoroughfare as a guest can walk through the facility and get to the guest elevators, bypassing security.
