5	We came with 6 people and the food and service was outstanding! We started with pepper soup and meat pies; both were delicious! The pepper soup comes with a habanero and you can choose to make the soup as spicy as you like. The goat and tripe in the soup were both perfectly cooked and the broth was divine. The meat pie dough was light and the filling was well seasoned. I had the cassava leaves for dinner and the dish was outstanding. I had it with the pounded yam which was light and rather fun to eat :) We also enjoyed the eugusi, jerk chicken, barbecue shrimp, and tomato stew; all were very well seasoned and delicious. We finished with the pof-pof for dessert and one order was more than enough for the 6 of us! They were balls of fried dough that was nicely spiced with a hint of nutmeg. We had a fantastic meal and the total bill was around $63 for 6 entrees, appetizers, and dessert. The owners were so kind and welcoming. You can tell that they love what they do and that love definitely comes across in the food. If you are in the Phoenix area, check out Fu-Fu; it's awesome!
5	After a long day of driving around Tonto National Forest, my fiance and I decided we wanted dinner...and wanted something different.  We were throwing ideas around, and he suggested African.  That was the beginning of a wonderful experience at Fu Fu Cuisine!  We walked into the restaurant wanting some takeout.  It was early in the evening, and we were the only customers.  The interior of the restaurant was simple, straightforward, with some African art on the walls and some Nigerian pop music playing the background.  It felt comfortable and welcoming.  An African woman came out of the kitchen and greeted us warmly, introducing us to her menu and sticking around to explain dishes and to suggest good options.  I went with the special for the day:  tomato stew with rice, and my fiance chose something that surprised the woman:  egusi.  She responded with a pleasantly surprised look and said, "You guys must have lived in Africa!"  Neither one of us had, but enjoyed trying different things, and the menu's description of the dish didn't turn us off.  Because we seemed like such adventurous eaters and since the restaurant wasn't busy, the woman was kind enough to give us a sample of the pepper soup, which she described as similar to menudo.  It was a very peppery soup, probably contained both black and white pepper, but it was also bursting with flavor from the spices.  She gave us some fresh made habanero pulp she probably made that day.  The soup had pieces of tender goat meat and delicious tripe.  I'll more than likely order this soup next time I go in.  After about 15 minutes, she came out with our food, opening each container to identify the dishes we had ordered.  She was extremely grateful for our business.  She then introduced herself as the Esther whose name is all over the menu, chef and owner.  She had just opened the restaurant about 6 weeks ago, and we were happy to have tried this new little hidden gem.  When we got home, we dove right into eating.  My tomato stew that contained chunks of goat meat was exactly what I wanted.  Tomato-y stew mixed with very fragrant spices and chunks of goat meat with white rice.  It was like soul food.  It reminded me of certain Indian dishes I had eaten.  As for the egusi, it was not as familiar.  It was on a very different flavor spectrum than my tomato stew.  The flavor is actually very difficult to describe; it's something you'll just have to try.  I stuck to my tomato stew, whereas my fiance ate his egusi contently, especially with the pounded yam, which tasted very similar to a very thick, well formed mashed potato.  It worked well with the egusi.  I would suggest that if you ever go in with a few friends, order the egusi to try as a group, so each person gets a taste.  I would have to say that the egusi is not for everyone, and if you are not an adventurous foodie, order something else.  All in all, we were extremely satisfied with our meals and the experience.  Esther was a lovely woman, and we look forward to trying the other dishes on her menu!  I hope she continues to do well!
5	We really enjoyed it! Nice friendly service and great authentic cuisine. Hope to come again for the $9.99 Sunday buffet. No where else like it in Phoenix.
4	Went there last night for dinner (my wife and I).  Both of us a bit adventurous, and I have eaten West African food before in Chicago.  I ordered Egusi Stew with Goat Meat, served with pounded yam.  My wife ordered chicken curry with jollof rice.  The food was fresh and good.  My wife called Egusi interesting, as she had not tasted something like this before.  It was unique.  It was a very nice experience overall.
5	I read a good review of this restaurant in the New Times and as I love to try something interesting, I had to try it. To my surprise I knew the owner, Esther, from when I worked at Phoenix College and she was a student there. She's always been a hard worker and I can see how much effort she has put into her restaurant venture. The restaurant was very clean and neat, and Esther was a very gracious hostess to all the customers. I had the pepper soup, which comes with a little dish of habanero pepper puree if you want to make it spicy. Watch out! Only use a tiny bit because it's really hot. Then I had a Caribbean meat pie. It was really good--spicy and savory. Then the yassa chicken. The chicken itself was deliciously flavored, and then topped with with olives, onions, and bell pepper sauteed in a mustard sauce, then served with rice. It was very good! I want to come again and try some of the other dishes. I highly recommend this place! Esther is a sweet lady and she takes good care of her customers. I wish her the best of luck with her new restaurant.
5	My husband and I have decided to eat somewhere new once a week. One week I pick, the next him. This week was his turn and I guess he was feeling adventurous. He did good. The decour is simple but inviting with African artwork on the walls. I ordered the Cassava leaves, which had goat and beef served with rice and plantains. My husband had the Egusi  with goat meat and pounded yam. Both were delicious! The service made the experience even more delightful. My husbands dish is traditionally eaten by taking the yam (it reminded me of uncooked dough, not in taste just looks) and using it to scoop the meat and sauce out of the bowl. The server brought out a large metal bowl for him to wash his hands and obviously found it humorous when he asked if he was doing it right. I just laughed along. She then explained to him how traditionally it was eaten. I appreciated her taking the time and making us feel welcome.  I do have to say, if you are a picky eater this may not be a good fit...Luckily we love trying new things and will at least try anything once. We will definately be back!
5	I am always looking for interesting restaurants on my frequent trips to Phoenix, and sometimes I  find a real winner. Fu Fu Cuisine! As soon as I walked in I was excited to see what was on the menu. There was grooving African music to keep us company while we waited for our food, sipping on a slightly spicy and refreshing ginger mint smoothie. The dumpling soup was so yummy!!! Next time I'll ask for the house hot sauce to kick up the Tilapia Yassa a bit, which I thought could have been a little more tasty, but I still enjoyed it. Pofs Pofs were delightful and satisfying little fried bites. Lots of fun drinks on the menu too. This is a good place to bring a few friends to order lots of different plates family style. With gracious and friendly service, they frequently checked to make sure we were happy with everything. Very reasonably priced too. I can't wait to go back to try more things on the intriguing menu!
5	I met the Chef and owner Esther and she is such a delight and her food is simply scrumptious. I started with a Ginger Mint Juice this was worth every penny it was fresh and had a nice spicy bite from the Ginger (the orange and pineapple juice mellowed it out). For my app I had the pepper soup yum is all I can say next I had the Whole Yassa Tilapia (they also serve it as two fillets) it was everything I had hoped it would be. I have been missing this dish in the Valley since I relocated from Chicago. I left here full and happy and I cannot wait to return. Thank you Esther for opening up Fu Fu Cuisine the Valley needed your delicious African/Caribbean  food.
5	The food at Fu Fu Cuisine was wonderful! I went there on a Sunday and they have an "all you can eat" option of certain foods. From those foods you can pick 3 dishes to sample. I got the Yassa Chicken, Pof Pof, Jolof Rice and an additional side order of fried plantains. All of that (minus the fried plantains) for $9.99- AMAZING! I couldn't even get seconds because I was so full. My boyfriend ordered the Fried Tilapia and cous-cous which was finger lickin good! I got the brownie cheesecake for dessert which was phenominal. It came with a scoop of ice cream and whipped cream- delicious.I believe a good rule of thumb for any ethnic restaurant is if the diners are from the same country or surrounding vicinity. Most of her customers were also from West Africa which was a GREAT sign because they would only dine at a fantastic and authentic restaurant. In short, the food at Fu Fu was AMAZING. I loved everything and the service was great! If I lived in Phoenix, I would be here every Sunday!!
5	Yay, FINALLY!!! I can eat Fu Fu again. I had an awesome meal today. Started of with the pom pom, yummy, nice starchy, sweet balls. Those were quickly gone. My hubs and I both ordered the Eugusi. I love goat and it was flavored awesome. Very unique African flavor. The Fu Fu had great consistency and our son loved it too. I love eating my African food with my hands, the African way and here it was not looked upon, but made you feel included in the African family. After the meal, the owne brought a jug with water and some soap and a Bowl to rinse our hands. I would eat here every day (if I could afford it). As desert we had fried plantain, more for my son, who loved it and we snacked along. We were stuffed, but I have found a place to get my Fu Fu fix again. The place is nice, clean and super friendly. A big recommendation for those who prefer something different, but delicious food.
5	This. Is. Great. Food.  Also a clean, pleasant place with helpful staff.  But oh, that food.  Soups, stews, sides--I love them all.  Some items sound exotic, but the flavors are all solid and likely to seduce even the least adventurous eater.  Just wish I lived closer, I'd be a frequent flyer at Fu-Fu.  As it is, I'm already plotting my next excuse to drive over there again.
5	Excellent Food!  I followed Yelp reviews here and I was not disappointed.I just discovered Fu Fu this week and I've been there twice already.  The first time I came for lunch on a break from school I had the Yassa Chicken - chicken cooked in a mustard and peanut butter sauce with onions, peppers and green olives. When the plate arrives the color of the sauce looks questionable but the first bite puts me totally at ease.   The chicken was tender and delicious but the sauce was like nothing I ever had, so unique.  The service was great, a beautiful African women and she was such a sweetheart.  I came back a second time and brought my cousin with me, I could tell she wasn't stoked about trying African food.  I desperately wanted to try some of the items on the drink menu, I got a island fruity and my cuz got a mudslide.  My drink came out first in a huge fish bowl glass, it was just as good as I hoped it would be, full of liquor and fruitiness.  The server explained that the mudslide would take a while because the ice cream was rock hard - it did take a while, maybe 15 minutes?  My cousin started getting antsy and I felt bad because she was my guest.  Soon enough the drink comes out and it's a hit, she loves it and all is good.  The food also takes a while to come out both times I've eaten there but it's okay because I can tell that it's been cooked just for me.  Even though I wanted to try everything on the menu, I went back for the Yassa chicken and it may have been better the second time around, I can't tell.  My cousin got the jerk steak and couldn't stop saying how good it was the entire time she was eating. When the meal was over, I asked her what she would rate her experience and she said 5 stars.  I reminded her that she had to wait so long for her drink and she thought about it and said it was worth the wait.  So five stars from both of us.
5	Last night the wife and I went to Fu Fu Cuisine for dinner.  We had a Groupon and we realize that sometimes the places we have Groupons for are mediocre at best.  That was not the case last night.   This was our first experience in an African restaurant, though we have eaten at a variety of Caribbean restaurants and tons of Southern restaurants.  Turns out we had a great experience from the moment we walked in the door.  Walking into the door we could see how clean and well kept the restaurant is.  It's nothing fancy but clean goes a long ways with me.  The decor is pleasant and the background music was nice as well.  We were greeted by Ester who also happens to be the owner and the persons name seen all over the menu.   She took our drink orders and pateintly waited for us to order what we wanted.  The menus were great since they had pictures to go with the listed items(yes, some of us need visuals) .  We ended up starting with Beef Patties which were yummy.  The dough was flaky and delicious and the filling was spiced just right.  We then had the Yassa Tilapia and the Yassa Chicken.  When we dine out we usually try to order very different dishes so we can taste a variety of things.  The Yassa dishes just sounded so good we couldn't venture to anything else.  There are several more dishes we want to try.  Back to the Yassa dishes.  Both were yummy with the chicken cooked so fork tenderness.  The sauce was not spicy but it was tasty.  The olives were present but not overpowering.  We ended up ordering extra Beef Patties so we could have them for lunch the next day.  All in all the service was great, the atmosphere was good and the food was good.
5	{Actual Date of Visit: 3/10/2012}Oh! I took WAY too long to write a review for FuFu.  My experience here was probably the best sit down restaurant experience I've had in Phoenix!  My friend decided to get a Groupon to FuFu after I saw the good reviews on Yelp.  Caribbean AND African Cuisine?? SOLD!  I'm a Caribbean girl so I'm harder on Caribbean restaurants than any other type cuisine (You betta come correct!) and my experience in Phoenix with Caribbean restaurants has been sub-par!  My best friend is Nigerian,  so she checked out the place online and gave me the ok based on the pics, lol.  I loved learning about the owner's history: combining her African heritage with her experiences in Jamaica.We arrived on a quiet Friday night.  I was worried about getting there so close to closing, but Esther (the owner) assured us it was ok to come.  Since I'm a vegetarian, I was concerned about what I would order when I arrived, but I decided to just go with it!  Esther suggested I get the Yassa with white rice and black eyed peas.  My friend got the Curry Chicken.  I was shocked at how good the Yassa was!  No tofu, nothing, just the Yassa sauce with the onions and peppers.  It was SO good.  I also ordered the Ginger Mint to drink and lots of plantains.  The plantains were so cheap- yay!  We ended the meal with the Brownie Cake & Ice Cream.  It was oh so good!The African music videos they were playing were hot; we were dancing in our seats!  It was so cute how her hubby kept changing the videos once he saw how much we liked the music.  Esther explained that she was going to be having more social events to bring some "flava" to Phoenix (please do!) and invited us to an upcoming party.  Unfortunately it was around finals so we couldn't go.  I wish FuFu werent so far, but it really is worth the trip.  Great food, ambiance & service!  We plan on going back soon!!! :)
5	We actually dined on April 9th. I am a bit late with my reply. My boyfriend and I had purchased a groupon for Fu Fu and decided to check it out. Ester the owner, chef  waited on us. She was super sweet and helpful explaining some of the items on the menu. I ordered the Island Fruity drink - made with combination of Bacardi rum, Caribbean coconut rum, and banana liquor and a hint of orange juice, pineapple juice and cranberry juice. Ryan had a Red Stripe. The restaurant made you feel like you were eating at your family's house. They had basketball on 2 of the TVs and then Caribbean dance videos on the other TV. We started with the all mighty Pof Pof's - Fried sweet dumpling made with flour, sugar and butter and deep fried. They were the size of tennis balls and were even good cold. I took one home. I am craving these now.  We then had the Dumpling soup - Fresh chicken or beef dice and seasoned. Mixed with varieties of vegetables, carrots, dumpling, onions, tomatoes and corn. We had the soup and the beef was so tender that it almost melted in your mouth. The broth was so flavorful that we drank it from the bowl after eating most of it. Main Course - I had the Yassa Chicken - Marinated chicken, sauteed onions and bell peppers with rice. It looked like a curry type sauce but was a mustard sauce with olives. It was so creamy and melted in your mouth as well. I also requested the special hot sauce that they make, mixed it with my chicken and rice. Gave it a nice hot kick! Ryan had the Curried Goat - Cube sliced meat marinated and cooked in curry, green beans and carrots. Served over white steamed rice. - I had a bite of the goat. It was tender and had great flavor. Needless to say we were quite stuffed by the time we were finished. I would highly recommend this restaurant. Shes been open almost 5 months. Don't let this place get away. Support Ester and Fu Fu! I love it!(Note  - I did use part of the detailed descriptions of the food from the menu that is posted on their website.)
5	We got the Puf Pufs, ginger mint drink, Tilapia Yassa, and BBQ Jerk Steak.  All were very good, and, what's better, DIFFERENT tasting than what's available elsewhere.  The Puf Pufs were super tasty, but know that 6 (an order) is a lot for 2 people.  The ginger mint drink was super spicy at first but got mellower and sweeter by the end of the glass. The tilapia was good, solid, and, again, just a different kind of taste than we've had before.  The steak was not NYC strip or anything but was a good cut of meat, tender, well seasoned, without gristle ,and not fatty. The fried rice and plantains that came with it went very well.Prices are $10 an entree, which I think is cheap especially for the steak. Portion sizes are generous. Alcoholic drinks prices are very cheap, if you've got a driver. The people are nice and the atmosphere is sparse but clean. They've got African pop TV playing, which was awesome.This is a 4 star restaurant (meaning that it delivers all it promises but has room to improve, e.g., atmosphere, extras) but I'm giving it 5 because it offers unique tastes.
5	Wow! My taste buds haven't been THIS excited in a long time! The food was truly amazing, the service so friendly, and the ambiance very casual and relaxed. Even as I type this, the flavors of the yassa chiken and the goat curry still linger strongly in my gustatory memory. My friend and fellow yelper John M. and I also had the pleasure of having the lovely Chef Esther Mbaikambey come over to chat with us. I know I will be coming back here very often, and I look forward to their all-you-can-eat Sunday (noon to 4 pm) where you can choose as many as you want (3 to start, order more if you've finished the 3) from pepper soup, eguisi soup, pof-pof, fish and couscous, yassa chicken, curry chicken, and jolof rice - all for $9.99 - soda included.
4	The flavors were diverse and satisfying, the quantity generous, the service friendly and personable from our server to owner-chef Esther who came out to greet us, and the price before drinks a very reasonable approximate $10 for a very satisfying meal.    I had the goat curry and it was very good - meat & vegetables alike. There was a  - the word diversity keeps coming back to me here - diverse set of distinct flavors in the dish that remained distinct and yet made for a very pleasing combination.  I asked for "mild" and they obligingly put the habanero based liquid fire on the side, for which I was most grateful:  too hot for me, thought I think Norm could have sipped it with a straw!  The dining room is simple and clean with a few African art objects for good measure that don't overwhelm a pleasantly simple uncrowded cafe setting.  The men's room was clean, if just a tad less than pristine at the very end of the evening. Additional compliments for the cordial welcome despite our straggling in but minutes before the  scheduled closing time of 9PM (Sat. night), and for a really good  and LARGE lime daiquiri. Thank you Groupon (and I think a good NT review too) for leading me & Yelp eliterati Norm to a very pleasing dining experience which we both look forward to repeating at Fu Fu Cuisine.
5	We went to celebrate Amy's birthday,  My Co-worker who is visiting for one year from Taiwan for a birthday/Late Lunch .   The Pof-Pofs were great.  Ping Pong ball sized.    Fried sweet dumpling: made with flour, sugar and butter and deep fried.   Nice, crispy and lightly sweet.  Not a bit oily.   Definately get 6 for $4.00.   We both took 2 Home and they microwaved perfect, 15 seconds, for a reminder of a great meal.My Entree - Curried  Goat  Cubes of Goat meat marinated and cooked in curry, green beans and carrots. Served over white steamed rice and fried plaintains for $8.99Amy's - Fried Tilapia - Fresh marinated tilapia deep fried. It was served with jolof rice for $10.99 the whole fish.  Amy said that it reminded her of the Fish from Taiwan.  She took her time and savoured every morsel.  As mentioned in other Yelps, Esther, The Beautiful Owner/Chef came and introduced herself to us a few minutes after we ordered.  She revisited a second time just to see if we liked our selections and commented on Amy's fine job of Fish eating.    I would really recommend this restaurant.  The prices are reasonable and you will leave full.  As a matter of fact, I took 1/2 of my Entree Home and enjoyed it the next day.    On Sunday's 12- 4 pm,  they have a $9.99 Buffet which may be a good introduction to a wider selection of choices to her cuisine.
5	I probably never would have tried Fu Fu Cuisine without the groupon ($15 for $30), but now that I've tried it I will go back (groupon or not).We got the Yassa Tilapia and the Jerk Chicken.  Both were very good.  Other reviews have said it, and it's true.  Each dish tastes distinctly different and each has a combination of flavors that really make the dishes "pop".  Even the rice with the Jerk chicken was unique and complex.We started with a meat pie, which tasted like a hanheld pot pie.  The meat stuffing has a little spice to it.  The Pof-pofs are good, one per person makes for a good additional starter.Their all-bottle beer selection isn't bad (includes Corona, Guinness, and Heineken, including other american and caribbean favorites), which are all $3.50.  Very reasonable.
3	Those familiar with the workings of the typical family run eateries of the Carib will find this place totally enjoyable.  The food is worth 4 stars anywhere but here in the States their service level comes in at a solid 2 which brings their average to a 3.  There's nothing that's going to torpedo the ship, but a little tweaking here and there would make a major difference.  First off, figure out where the best tables are and fill those places first.  Then start jamming people into corners.  Although it makes it easier for the server, from the customer's perspective when the place is empty there's no reason to fill tables right next to each other.Offer to take a drink order when you seat your guests and then get it to them within 5 minutes max.  Not with the entree'!On multiple visits I've had the tomato stew, jerk chicken, curried goat, chicken celery salad and a few other dishes all of which were reminiscent of the typical open-aire roadside barbecue you'd expect to find if you were touring the islands or west Africa.  Good, wholesome, hearty food made with a loving touch.  But if you're sitting under a palm, listening to the sound of the surf provide a back drop to the local music playing on a boom box, you're probably going to be more tolerant than if you're sitting in a strip mall in Phx.
2	After reading all the 5 Star raves for this place it was something of a disappointment for me.  Arlin B., Mike C., & I dropped in for lunch today after coming last Thursday when they were supposed to be open at 11 AM but never opened as we waited a while.This time we waited until 12 to arrive, & they were open.  Our server said yes, they should have  opened last time at 11!I ordered the Jerk Chicken plate, which the menu says comes with mashed potatoes & broccoli, but mine came with a bed of flavored rice under the chicken. For sides, I had the Beef Dumpling Soup, & shared small orders of Pof Pof & Jamaican Patties with the others.I thought all the food was ok, but loud music played during most of our visit, & this lunch was EXPENSIVE...  over $50 for the three of us, with just water to drink!I think Ocean Blue in Chandler is a better choice for this kind of food, & I'm pretty sure this was a one visit restaurant for me.     :-|
2	Had lunch here today with Arlin B. and Rand H. and I was fired up over this place because it averaged 5 stars. Well I ordered the jerk chicken with mashed potatoes and broccoli garnish. What I got was jerk chicken with fried rice. The jerk chicken was the worst jerk chicken I have had ,it was white meat chicken done on the grill with a little jerk seasoning on it.It should have been legs and thighs cooked over an open flame.The rice I had (and I am no fan of rice) was dry and not very taste. A lot of people rave the pof pof balls and I found them to be ok but nothing spectacular. The only thing that saved them from one star was the Jamaican patties were real good ,but I think they are bought and just heated up. So I give this place two stars because I will not return and I could have had the 5 star buffet at casino Arizona for less money.
4	My hubby has been trying to bring me here for months.  I would find an excuse every time; too far, I'm too dressed up, it's too late, like any of those had stopped me before.  Well, I guess the stars lined up for him yesterday.  My afternoon schedule was not crammed as usual and we had a sitter an a loaner car.  What more can you ask when you have to drive over 30 miles for a meal.   The place is in a little strip mall, on the Avenues side of Camelback.  I don't think I have ever been this far west on Camelback.  We got in and the owner, Esther, showed us to our table.  The music was a little loud, however within minutes it was lowered, so I guess someone else requested it before I did.  I started with a drink, the "Island Fruity" and shared a hand pie with my hubby.  The drink was deliciously sweet and the pie was spicy.  Great combination.  For my entree, I had the Yassa chicken and I had to order a side of the plantains.  My chicken was very good, I liked the sauce that topped it, it had papers, onions and olives in a creamy dijon, peanut sauce.  Too bad this place is so far away.  I would love to come back to try other dishes.  Maybe the stars will line up again another time.
1	While the server was nice, I ordered their goat dish. I tried to eat it, but it smelled horrible and tasted even worse. It was on par with the smell at the zoo - While I am always up for trying new food and new places, I couldn't even take morethan one bite. If it wasn't for the plantains, I would have starved. Also, the food took forever to come out. It was like our table, which was one of three occupied tables, was being ignored. It was a good 20 minutes between ordering lunch and the food being given to us. Also, it doesn't help that the resturant is in a shady shopping center. I will not be going back to this place.
3	I went here on Wednesday night because I had a Groupon that was expiring that day (Oh no!!). I was excited to try this place, but hadn't come sooner because it is soooo far from Mesa.  We had: Island fruity drink, meat pie, pof pofs, curry chicken, and tomato and rice stew. The good:The drink was very sweet and deliciousThe pof pofs tasted like salty donuts....pretty good, very dense. They kind of filled me up before I even got my entree. The spicy sauce (I asked for it and the waiter warned me several times that it was VERY spicy...I thought it added a lot of flavor and was tasty)The medioce:The density of the pof pofsThe curry chicken (I had asked our waiter what his favorite thing on the menu was and he said it was this curry chicken, but I found it somewhat lacking in flavor without the spicy sauce... made me wonder if I was being 'protected' from some of their other dishes...)The meat pie- I thought the filling had a strange flavor, the BF really liked it though. I liked the crust. The stew...it was good, but not wonderful and the beef in it was somewhat fatty. The bad:Service...sorry guys. We waited for our check for a looooong time. Also, we were seated in a dark corner, which was ok...but the restaurant was empty so I don't know why we were seated there. Kind of weird....The loud music- the music was fine, just really loud. Overall, the place was alright, I would like to come back and try other things, but I wouldn't drive way out of my way again to do so (moving closer soon, so maybe I'll try again then).
2	Unfortunately Fu Fu Cuisine was more So So Cusinse for me...I so wanted to give this small business owner a higher rating especially after reading several friends reviews.  Well, my experience was somewhat disappointing when I fellow Yelpers Rand H. and Mike C. this week for lunch.  Restaurant ~ very clean and inviting.  Nothing fancy, very basic dinner type of feel.  They had the music way too loud for me while trying to enjoy lunch with some friends.  Service ~ very nice and friendly however they were not very attentive to our drinks.  I also had an issue where they over charged me for an added soup.  One person's soup was $2.99 and my soup was $4.99?  I would have been OK with this if my portion was larger than the other but they were the same size.  After pointing it out the server lowered the price.  Food ~ everything was just so so.  The dumpling soup was more broth than anything else.  Two small dumplings and three small pieces of cubed goat meat and a 1/4 ear of corn...  I do not recommend this soup.  The jerk chicken and rice was very dry and lacked the grilled flavor that usually comes with Caribbean jerk chicken.  The Pof Pof balls were too big and doughy and were more like really big flour hush puppies.  The meat pie was the star of my dinning experience here!I don't my experience is a "one off" because the Yelpers that joined me experienced the same so so cuisine I had.
4	I heard about this little gem earlier in the week, and after looking at the menu online and reading some reviews from fellow yelpers, I decided I would try it out. The restaurant was very clean and I enjoyed the music playing, but I think it could use a little more color in the dining room. I was greeted upon entering and was asked if I had been here before. The waiter was very friendly and took the time to explain some of the dishes to me. I asked about the pof pof and he explained that they are like donuts, but better. I passed on them. I ordered the jerk steak over jolof rice, a meat patty, and plantains. First came out the meat patty. The pastry tasted like cornmeal to me, and not flakey like I had hoped. The filling was quite good and just enough spice without going overboard. The steak was very tender and flavorful, with a little bit of heat. For the price, you get your money's worth and I'll have enough left-overs for tomorrow's lunch. Before leaving, the waiter gave me a complimentary pof pof, and in my opinion, it was better than a donut.I'll definitely be going there again.John H
5	This place deserves all the 5 star reviews is it has.Esther, the server, was excellent. Timely, friendly, she knows the food, and made great suggestions. We tired the pofpofs, meat pies, yassa, curried chicken, and fufu. Everything was very, very delicious. The meat pies, and yassa where my favorite. Very good quality food, especially for the price.  If you are not scared to try new things, put a leg out there, this place is for you. But even if you are a more conservative person, try it, the best things in life are always unexpected.
5	I tried this restaurant out yesterday with a few friends, since it was recommended on a list of international restaurants in Phoenix published by the Arizona Republic. It was great! We tried the Yassa Chicken, the Jerk Chicken with Jolof Rice, the Curried Chicken, and the Curried Goat (the last was my personal favorite) and they were all delicious! For dessert, we had the Pof Pofs (sweet dumplings), and they were equally delicious. This place is great for eating family-style  and trying out new things, and the owner/chef, Esther, was incredibly gracious and welcoming. She even served us the dessert for free! If you're looking for something new, try this place out!
5	We read about this place in The Arizona Republic's 37 international cuisines special and decided we wanted to try it out. We drove an hour to eat at Fu Fu and it was definitely worth the trip. Even though we arrived at around 3 p.m. on a Tuesday in the middle of summer, Esther was extremely warm and welcoming. I came with three other people and we decided to try a variety of dishes. We started out with the pof-pofs, and then ordered the Curried Chicken, the Curried Goat, the Yassa Chicken, and the Jolof Rice with Steak. Everything was delicious. All the meat was very tender and tasted delicious. We all agreed that our favorite dishes were the curry ones, but we really like curry so we might be a bit biased. Esther helped us order our dishes and was attentive, but not overly so, throughout our meal. At the end of the meal we had all eaten way too much because everything tasted too good to stop eating. We split the check four ways and Esther gave us the pof-pofs for free. I wish I was closer to Fu Fu because I definitely want to come back again.
4	I contemplated this review the entire drive home... as I stuffed my face with the GREAT puf pufs that I got to go.  This restaurant has a LOT of 5-star ratings.  I've only given out three 5-star ratings, and I would not give this place a 5, but I was seriously contemplating the 3 or the 4.  I decided to go with 4 becasue I can't fault the sweet lady who owns this place for the lack of GOOD service from the servers.  So, I will give Fu Fu a 4 star.  Here's how my experience went.I arrived and I was not greeted as warmly as I would have expected.  I will not dwell on how poor/untrained the service was.  I think the girls waiting on the tables need some training and the experience will be better for people.  And I should never see a place with that many people in it and one of the servers is just sitting down.  WOW, I hope Ester reads this and really works on those servers.On to the good part!  I arrived with my mind made up about what I wanted to eat.  I had the GingerMango drink.  A little pricey, but very very tasty.  Spicy due to the ginger.  The texture was just right.  NOt too thin and not too thick.  Too much ice! ;-)  I wanted more, basically, for $5.  I ordered the pepper soup.  It arrived with a LOT of meat in it.  I had no idea what kind of meat would be in the soup.  I just wanted to try something different and tasty.  Did not let me down!  From the taste, I knew it was an animal's stomach.  I wasn't sure what kind.  I didn't ask until I finished it.  I didn't want to hear it was pig belly until it was over!  So I ate the broth and tasted the meat.  Turns out that was Goat belly in there.  LOL, I loved it.  I really did.  If you like menudo, you'd enjoy it.  I definitely did.For my lunch/dinner, I had the fried Tilapia and Jallof rice.  Both were bursting with wonderful flavors.  I was very happy with the fish.  The Jallof rice was also tasty and delicious.  The food was just as appealing visually.  There was a large meetup group seated in the dining room and I saw the owner come out and speak to them.  I can appreciate this lady and her business and I do love it.As far as the music, I'm not sure if they have adjusted the volume of the music, or if some people have spidey ears.  I did not have an issue with the volume of the music.  I personally enjoyed it.  I'm tickled how much the Nigerian music sounds like western/caribbean pop/hip-hop music.  Funny how all things come full circle because African music orginally influenced some western/caribbean music and now it has gone full circle!
5	Based upon Chef Esther's recommendation, I ordered the Yassa Chicken. The combination of rich flavors and spices was amazing, and the chicken was so tender it almost melted upon each bite. The portion size was enough to share with a friend, and you truly get your money's worth for just $10.For dessert, I ordered the Pof Pofs. If you have any kind of sweet tooth and love donut-like desserts, you will want to try these.I can't wait to go back and try more of the menu items!
3	Their drinks are huge, tropical, delicious, and cheap. I thoroughly enjoyed the meat pies, chicken curry, and puff-puffs. My husband wasn't a fan of his dish: goat, okra, and pounded yam, so he was a bit jealous of my good entree selection. The service was fantastic. Very attentive.We had a Groupon, which made the trek to the west valley worth it. While we wouldn't drive out there again just to go to Fu Fu's, if we happened to be in the area, we'd certainly stop, especially for the cocktails. Made me feel like I was in the Caribbean again.
5	DEFINITELY GO HERE! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! This place is fantastic. If you are a cuisine adventure seeker or just want some yummy food give this place a try. The food is original and tasty. Don't miss out on the "puf puf"'s or they may be called "poof poofs". Just like a homemade donut with a crispy outside. My husband and I intend to go back every week until we try everything on the menu.
2	I wanted to like this place. Let me repeat, I really really wanted to like this place. This is the first African restaurant I've heard of in the Phoenix valley area and AS SOON as I heard about it I made immediate plans to visit with my friends. I always try to support local Arizona businesses and with this being an African restaurant, I wanted to support especially because there are so few (if any others) here in the valley. My mother is from Sierra Leone, I've spent a lot of time traveling throughout West Africa and spent my entire life eating the cuisines from countries like Sierra Leone, Nigeria, Liberia, Ghana, Togo, Senegal etc. I've sat in many of my "aunties" (and my mother) kitchens and watched them prepare chicken yassa, egusi soup, jollof rice, moi moi, sawa sawa, krin-krin etc. Therefore, unlike many (not all) of the reviewers...I know what to expect and I know what to look for in preparation. It's important to also note that each country has their own unique dishes, flavors, cooking styles, but we also share some common dishes like jollof rice, pepper soup, casava leaf, fufu etc. With having common dishes there are always "debates" about who makes the best jollof rice, pepper soup or cassava leafs. People from Sierra Leone, Ghana, Liberia or Nigeria? Much like how people in the United States debate which state makes the best BBQ? Texas? Or Tennessee?When I saw they had fish yassa on the menu I was extremely excited. I've typically had this dish at my favorite Senegalese restaurants or prepared by family friends and I was expecting a flavorful delight. When my food arrived I took a bite of my fish, jollof rice and the onion medley. I stopped, I asked the waitress where the cook was from and she said Nigeria. Sighed because it wasn't like my beloved Senegalese version and continued to eat (I hate wasting food). My fish was fried until it was practically dried out. While I love crispy tilapia, I don't like it when it's practically burned dry. The jollof rice reminded me how much I disliked Nigerian jollof rice. I was disappointed with my food as were my African & Caribbean friends, but our African-American friends enjoyed their meals. I will say that the owner came over to our table to check in with us and was extremely friendly. She was so nice that I wished I genuinely enjoyed the food.  I brought the leftovers home to my mother as she wanted to know about my experience. My mother took a bite of the jollof rice, screwed her face and asked where the cook was from...I said Nigeria to which she replied, "I thought so...". So would I return? Maybe,  the owner was wonderful, it's an African business, and I think maybe I should give it one.last.chance. However, I would definitely try something else.
5	This restaurant was a pleasant surprise, I ordered the cassava with rice and a side of fufu and plantains.  Everything was excellent!!  My only hope for this restaurant is that their service improves.  We didn't have anyone greet us upon entering for atleast a few minutes and even then it took too long for them to take our order..but I really wanted to try their food and these are not quick fast food dishes so you can appreciate the hand that makes the food.  This place is a must try for everyone!
4	I went with some of my classmates. They were pretty nervous about nigerian food, but the great reviews sold them. So we headed over there on our lunch break. We were pleasantly surprised. It was pretty awesome.The owner was so friendly and nice. She really took care of us and seemed genuine. I checked in and got a drink for 3 dollars. Let me tell you, this drink was amazing. It was fruity and full of alcohol, but you didnt realize how much alcohol (thats the best kind!) I loved it. I wish I could have had more, but I would have to be carried out.The food was so good. My friends ordered dishes like the yassa chicken and jerk chicken. One friend ordered pepper soup and did not know tripe was in it. She tried to eat it, but could not get past it, so be warned! We also had the Puff Puff. Order those. They are amazing. Oh soo yummy.I didn't rate 5 stars because of the lack of vegetarian options. She had to mix something up for me. I wish there was a vegetarian soup or entree on the menu. It would have made the experience great for me.
5	I love this restaurant and hope it will stay open. Why? We went on a Friday at lunch time (11a.m.) and it was empty. No one came in during the course our meal.Anyway the food is amazing. We tried the plaintine, pof-pof, meat pie for appetizer.They were all really good. For the entree, i had the goat curry. Man so good. I want some more now... Anyway i went to see a movie afterward. It sucked. 2/5
5	I bought the Yelp deal for this awesome little gem of a restaurant. It was a great deal! The food was delicious. I was a bit adventurous and ordered the goat curry. I'm glad I did! I was so fragrant and tasty. I had to be careful that I didn't just inhale the whole dish. I also had a pof pof, which was fun too. It's like a super-size cake donut hole that tastes vaguely banana-like. Not too sweet, but really great.Esther was single-handedly running the show, bussing tables and cooking. She was very attentive, though. Hopefully her business can grow. It's a great place!
4	Puff Puff's were the reason we stopped by, said they were the best! had to say they were pretty good, especially with a cup of coffee :-) lady and her husband were very friendly, need to try the food next time.....
4	We had the steak shish kabob and jofi rice. They dishes were really good and full a flavor! I was a little worried at first as we were the only people in the restaurant for a while. But it tries our to be a nice experience. The waitress was nice, and attentive. Not very talkative which is good and bad. If come back with another groupon.
3	I used the Yelp deal for this. I ordered Cassava Leaves w/FuFu & a couple of Pof Pofs. The food was good and tasty.
5	When it comes to little restaurants owned by hard working people trying to make it in this economy, Esther and Martial seems to understand just what it takes to be successful. They've got it all: good food, good service, clean environment and good dessert. (Dessert is a whole separate food group in my opinion!)Let's talk about the place and people first. It's what I'd call a hole in the wall. It occupies a space at the end of a small strip mall. It has a little designated outside area with few tables and inside isn't too terribly big either. But it's nicely decorated without going crazy and makes you feel cozy. It's clean and they keep it up. When I went, it was only the owners there, Esther and Martial, tending to their customers. They have a good rhythm together and they're both very sweet and friendly. They make you feel very welcome. They patiently teach you how to eat something I've never even heard of and explained the menu items and some options. They even taught me different styles of African cuisine. I could tell they were happy to do what they did and glad to share part of their world with a newbie. And the star of the show: the food. Oh my gosh. Delicious. I tried 3 dishes. The egusi, fried tilapia and yassa. All three were delicious. Egusi, also known as fu fu, is made with goat meat and served with pounded yam. They help you wash your hands and you take the dough (yam), shape it, dip it in egusi and eat it. Very different. Egusi had a great, strong flavor and wasn't overpowering. I couldn't get used to the texture of the pounded yam but it did have a good flavor. It melts in your mouth. Fried tilapia is a whole tilapia! It's served with the entire fish, head and tail included. You'll see its eyes and little teeth. It's served with jolof rice and some sort of cucumber relish side that complimented the fish very well. Yassa is served on a bed of rice and red beans. It reminded me of curry quite a bit. Even the beans had a lot of flavor on their own, which is hard to accomplish. Everything was delicious and smelled as good as it tasted.There's a reason they were named the best donut of 2012 by New Times. I don't care how full you are. You must order their pof pof and try it while it's still warm. Oh my delicious. They were soft, doughy, sweet but not overly so. It looks like plain cake donut but much, much yummier. I got 2 orders of it to go to share with people so I can convince them to try this place.Oh and Martial was my bartender. I had their fela fruity and ginger mint. He definitely does not skimp on the booze and they're tasty. The fela fruity is a mix of fruity alcohol and mixers. Very tropical. Ginger mint. Oh boy. Martial asked what kind of alcohol I wanted and I knew spiced rum would go perfectly and boy, was I right. The spiced rum was the perfect compliment to ginger mint. They make their ginger mint juice from scratch with fresh ingredients. The rum helped with the ginger kick and it was absolutely delicious. They offer their mixed drinks in virgin form so you don't have to worry about getting drunk. I would suggest watering down the ginger mint a little bit. It's a strong drink.Is it obvious I loved this place? It should be. If not, go up and read my review again. No wait, better idea. Put some clothes on, grab some friends and just go to Fu Fu. You won't regret it. Can't wait to go back!
5	The owner is also the hostess, waitress, cook & bartender!!!  Now that is pretty amazing by itself.  I tried the craziest thing on the menu that I could find, stewed goat with smashed yam and casava leaves.  After the meal Esther laughed and said she had "never seen a caucasian eat all her food before."  She was great and makes a mean rum drink too.  The neighborhood is bit dicey at night, but hey, live a little.  Watching her work so hard made me appreciate my desk job even more.  After the meal and in the parking lot, she actually said I tipped her "TOO MUCH" and tried to give me some money back!!!  I told her she was worth every penny and with all the jobs she was doing I wish it was more.  Really great and I will try to support this little business as much as I can.  The food may be too exotic for some of you but give it a try.
1	What a disappointment! Shows how ya can't rely on reviews all the time The meat pie was pretty tasty but not worth the 20min wait for it The beef soup in the app menu was SUPER salty and the meat was Tough Yuck Along with the dumplings not being fully cooked. My mom ordered the Jerk chicken good tasting but not worth the price! Super skinny small breast Of chicken served over an abundance of rice talk about Making your money off rice. The service wasn't that great eitherHe was nice but after getting a couple other tables he was swampedI would never recommend this place and the bathrooms are Disgustingly dirty !
2	I only gave this restaurant 2 stars because the owner is nice and trys very hard, but it should be a 1. Let me start off with the fact that my husband is Nigerian and we just moved here from Houston which is little Nigeria (seriously) so our credibility is good. I will start with the decor it is just ok, the service is good the server is always friendly and the owner is very nice. I have always jollof rice and stew with assorted meat. The stew is not spicy so she brings extra peppers in a small bowl.  The rice is hard and has a odd taste it is not good at all the stew which is the red sauce has no flavor. My husband gets fu fu with egusi soup he says that it is tasteless but he never complains because he feels it is offensive, I guess it is cultural. His brother came to town and he was starving and wanted some native food so we once again are forced to go to this restaurant.  I warned him that it is not good. But he insisted. So we go and he orders the egusi and tried it and sent it back so fast. My husband was so embarrased. I vow never to return so instead my husbands' sister sends us food by fedex or he cooks stew at home which is ok but it doesn't compare to his sisters.  I wish there was at least another option for Nigerian food in Phoenix but I don't think the community is large enough to accommodate, I am not sure.
4	Great food, with massive portions.  Fair prices.
4	Great service and most of the food was very good. It's quite a unique and authentic experience but even the most cautious of eaters have several delicious options. Highlights were the beef kebabs, the chicken kebabs, the meatballs with rice and the puff puffs (which were absolutely delicious!) If you refuse totry any nigerian food come just for the puff puffs, which are delicious yet light and non-greasy balls of fried batter which taste like much improved donuts.
4	Jerk chicken is  great! Sampler appetizer platter is definitely worth it. Portions are large, so come hungry!
5	If you are seeking a taste bud adventure, head to Fu Fu's African and Caribbean Cuisine! Me and my friend ordered the Appetizer Sampler and Esther's Meatballs. The food was beyond amazing! We "MMMmmmed" so much during the meal without any shame. The owners do such an amazing job bringing such unique food to Phoenix. The taste is unlike ANYTHING else in Phoenix. I highly recommend Fu Fu's to all foodies out there! So delicious! Darn it I wish I lived closer to this place, it is truly a gem :-)
5	Food was good and staff super nice. They spent some time explaining the food to us. Great place!!!
5	This place is modest in looks but do not let that fool you.  I brought a group of people to FuFu Cuisine this past Saturday and the feed back was great. FuFu gave great portions, great taste was great and great price. The group will return again after the new year.  Marshall and Esther (the owner's) thank you for great food and service.
3	Went here with my husband to have dinner before a graduation ceremony @ GCU.  I have never tried african cuisine before, but my husband, form NY missed it so much we decided to try this place out.  It was very different, my hubby thought it was fantastic, HE LOVED IT. The curry is very differant, but good.  I would try it out again, but not my favorite...
4	Came here for the first time using a Living Social coupon. I really enjoyed it. I got the $2 Strawberry Iced Tea for checking in on Yelp and it was tasty. We started off with the pof pof (sp?) balls which were really good but beware as they are filling. They are lightly sweetened donuts and I really liked them. We each also got a meat pie and to be honest I didn't care for it too much. Too spicy for me and I just didn't care much for the taste either. I got the Jerk Chicken platter with rice and a side of plantains. All of it was excellent and I will be having the other half for dinner tonight. We will definitely be back!
4	Went there once and the food was pretty good. I believe I had tilapia, rice, and plaintains.  Wasn't licking my fingers, but I was satisfied. The owner is really nice, and they had nice African music playing in the background.
5	Yassa chicken.  Chicken with onions and peppers.  Sounds pretty pedestrian.   But the execution is sublime.   I even tried to duplicate it by googling a recipe and tryin my hand at preparing this African dish in my kitchen.  Good...but not great.  The mark of a good restaurant for me is one where the food draws you in, not the brick and mortar.  Verily, this shop's ambiance is limited, but the cuisine is top rate.  And, you walk out really rooting for its success so that you can get back every few months o have some more of that Yassa.
5	The food here is delicious and the owner is delightful.
4	Went here last night with my husband, son, and friend. The first thing I noticed was how neat, tidy and clean everything looked even though this is a small restaurant in an aging strip mall. I had read the reviews and had already decided I wanted the Island Fruity drink from the bar. It was sweet and fruity, with no rum taste. As soon as I saw the Ginger Mint drink I knew that was for my son. The menu and the waitress both warned of the spiciness of the ginger. My son is a huge ginger drink fan, the hotter the better. He loved it. We started with the PofPof, which is unusual but life is short, eat dessert first. We ordered both the honey and chocolate both of which were tasty. Our entree's were up next. I had the Yassa Chicken, my husband and friend had the Jerk Chicken, and my son had the Cassava Leaf. Because of the name of the Cassava Leaf, for some reason we picture it as some sort of roll rather than more of a sauce. It was tender chunks of meat in a flavorful sauce. It comes with a starchy dough made to be eaten with the fingers.  The Yassa chicken was so good. For lack of a better description, it's close to a slightly sweet mustard curry. The onions and green peppers are melt in your mouth , and the meat is fork tender.The jerk chicken was different than any jerk I've had before. It had more of a barbecue flavor but it was still very tasty. We also had the plantains which were perfect. I'm sure we will return because there are so many things to try.
3	Nice sized restaurant on 35th Ave and Camelback.  The owners are great people and show good customer service.  They aim to please.The food is tasty and abundant, but I will say that the cook is rather heavy handed with the salt and oil.Curried goat is tasty, fried fish is nice, and the ox tail on Thursdays is tasty too.Most everything comes with rice, but I recommend the plantains.If you're planning on having dinner, better make it an early one because the doors close around 7pm.
5	So I was out in Arizona for convention during the over the weekend, I had a strong desire to indulge in some African food. So I did a search on Google for a place as such. I came into the restaurant not knowing what to expect.I ordered "Pounded Yam & Okro Soup". 2 words: ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS. I was extremely impressed by the authenticity of the meal prepared far far away from my motherland. The atmosphere was very inviting. The owner of the establishment was very personable. She was very warm and very hands-on in every part of the business. I would recommend this place to anyone who is ever in that area.
5	It was a lunch with 4 friends.  We get together on each other's birthday and the birthday person picks the restaurant.  I have passed this place many times and decided it would be a place to check out.  All five of us found it to be charming.  We loved the owner and the food for me was extremely tasty.  The chicken was tender, moist with a hint of mustard.  I am not a mustard lover but this was really good.  I recommend that you try it.  Not spicy for those that doesn't like hot food.  I will be going back.  Oh, and the prices are affordable.
4	Great little whole in the wall restaurant on the west side of town which I don't frequent often.We had a group of friends gather here to try out their Caribbean cuisine. Due to traffic and a few snafus we didn't arrive until past closing time. They were kind enough to keep their kitchen open for our group of 10.I ordered the sample platter and the jerk chicken. Little did I know the sample platter also had jerk chicken on it, along with buffalo wings, fries, and doughnut holes. The jerk chicken plate came with rice.I would skip the sample platter for next time, but the jerk chicken was pretty good.I'm looking forward to trying the other dishes next time.
4	This is the real deal and phenomenal taste. No commercialism here so don't expect a manufactured experience. The chef is the host, server, bar tender. Basically a woman who can cook better than anyone I have had the pleasure of eating from has given the public access to her dining area! It is a genuine experience, super friendly, and it seems like they feel bad for asking you to pay for the meal! You feel like extended family when you come here and it was my first time. I am a permanent fan.The food tastes better than any Jamaican food I have ever had anywhere in the states. The prices are reasonable and the portions are so big that take home is definitely going to happen.
5	Me and a coworker were driving around for work and wanted some lunch but something different so we went on Groupon and there was a deal. We figured why not give it a shot. An were we glad we did. I asked what the most traditional dish was but the waiter suggested I not get it lol. Said I should have a few of the normal dishes before u jump right in which I appriciated. I had yassa chicken and rice. Everything was great not overly seasoned. Very soft n juicy. Smelled great nice presentation and filling serving. We both loved the pof pof soo much. All in all great place. Will come back for sure.
5	I don't know why I am just now writing a review about this fabulous place. I have been  here about 5 times and each time I am not disappointed. The place has changed to Esther Cuisine so congrats Esther. The food is delicious and you can never go wrong. Esther is a hands on cook and her African/Caribbean dishes are the best. I'm a KY girl who enjoys a different flava and this is my spot.
5	Too bad we didn't know about this wonderful restaurant sooner! We had the sample platter, the jerk chicken, the yassa chicken,  fu-fu, fried plantains and the delicious hot sauce. I can't wait to go back to try the other dishes! Esther is a very friendly woman, and we enjoyed talking with her while eating her delicious cooking.
