3	This is a new place in our neighborhood .. we had seen it a few times driving by on Charleston .. and decided to go check this out tonight.  (It is nestled within a business park so look carefully when going there for the first time.)  At first glance we all thought .. "what a cool new place" .. the decor is cool and contemporary .. very warm and inviting .. there is a bar/lounge area toward the front .. and the restaurant part behind that.  Very nice!The cuisine is "American dishes with Mediterranean influences." The menu changes daily depending on what's in season or what Exec Chef Matt Silverman creates. Tonight there was a nice variety .. everything from pasta, to fresh fish, to lamb osso buco, to  a few different steaks. For starters we ordered the Crab Cakes, Calamari and Salami Carpaccio. The Crab Cakes were quite good .. tasty and not too much filler. The Calamari and Salami were just "ok."The main course my husband and I ordered was DELICIOUS.We had the Veal Scalopine with crimini mushrooms in a light marsala wine sauce. The veal and sauce were true PERFECTION! It came with a side of capellini aglio olio which was equally tasty. My mom had the crab ravioli which she said was good as well.We skipped dessert as we were all too full but the selection was quite nice and we vowed to save room the next time. The reason for the 3 stars though .. was the service! The hostess sat us immediately and was very friendly, but once we got to the table .. we waited .. and waited .. and waited. Many people walked by our table, but not one even acknowledged us .. we were joking that perhaps we were invisible. Finally after sitting there for 15 minutes (yes, we timed it) .. one of the assistant servers noticed that we had been sitting there for a while and came by and asked if we'd like some water while we were sitting there .. she also brought by the menus. Our waiter finally came by and took our order .. he literally had the personality of a wooden door! Just wrote down our order and left. The assistant however . . was a total sweetheart the whole evening .. came by to see if we were okay .. refilling drink, bringing by the dessert menu and was very very nice. She was really "on it" .. while our waiter was pretty much non-existent. He was always a step behind .. offering us more drinks, dessert after the very efficient assistant.   Needless to say .. we tipped him the standard and gave the assistant the majority of the gratuity. We all agreed that we would go back and give it one more shot as the food and variety on the menu were excellent. And since they are a new establishment .. perhaps the service will improve.
5	absolutely delicious!! i have been here many times and have always had good service, great drinks, and really tasty food! the atmosphere is warm and elegant (even the video poker looks classy at the bar!!) & knowing someone who is friends with the owner not only gets you the best table on a busy night, but also really good custom cocktails from the bartenders! The white bean hummus, flat breads, crab cakes, and creme brulee are some of my favorites!!
4	Four and a half stars.I have a GF who lives in Vegas and she suggested we meet at Vintner Grill for dinner.  It's about 20 minutes from the Strip and I probably wouldn't have stumbled across it if it was not for her.The restaurant's in an office building.  Sort of strange but nothing too out of the ordinary.  The inside is beautiful.  The decor is modern, decorated in whites, greens and blacks.  We were a party of six and sat at a round table.  We shared an order of hummus, a meat and cheese plate and crab cakes as appetizers.  They were all pretty good, though I still think the best crab cakes are at Mastro's in Beverly Hills.  For my entree, I had grilled sea scallops and a bed of corn risotto topped with shaved white truffles.  The scallops and risotto were delicious, though I must admit that truffles are lost on me.  They're very expensive and for the life of me, I can't taste why.  I also stole a couple bites of my BF's new york steak, which was flavorful and perfectly cooked.  The service was wonderful.  Our server was friendly and attentive.  He was knowledgeable about the menu and answered every question.  After a less than memorable dinner at Bouchon the night before, we were very pleasantly surprised by our meal at Vintner Grill.  I'll definitely go there again the next time we're in town.
5	All the good things others have said. I dined at Vintner's 4/5 times for both lunch and dinner and they have been consistent with the quality in food and service. I like the flat bread, brie/ lettuce salad, and the bouillabaisse is my favorite. The specialty cocktails are also very good such as the blueberry crush/ pear martini. I tried the chocolate cake and it was also very good. I love the decor of this place and it is quite memorable for me since the fire alarm went off the first time i was there and we had to be evacuated. The manager called after the incident and encouraged us to visit again, and we are not disappointed. I always recommend this restaurant to my friends instead of Rosemary's, another local's favorite. The entire package from decor, service, to food quality is just better at Vintner comparing to Rosemary's.
3	Have heard from locals that I must try. I have only been for lunch but would like to come back for cocktails or dinner. The service and ambiance were great, but my food was average. Great scenery though, the patrons have made many plastic surgeons wealthy!
4	I've heard of this place from the Travel Channel, so I told myself why not try it. So my GF and I tried this place and I was in awe on how much array of cheeses they have on their menu, which were good.  If you happen the chef, greet him and he might even give you a free dish, which we did.  The entrees that we had were good especially the halibut.  The ambiance is modern-chic inspired and hip but the tables were a bit too close, I think, which takes out the intimacy. Otherwise, it's good although it's 20 mins off the strip.
5	They have the ultra-plushy, Viva-to-the-max kind of paper towels in the bathroom.  If I were still in art school, I would steal as many of them as I could because they retain so much water, so they are good to line the bottom of your enamel painting pan and keep your acrylics moist. The food and drink also happens to be King Shit of the Mountain.  My little LV birdie, a former restauranteur and current alcomohol distributor, sez that this joint is where all of the LV chefs eat.  You can stay on the strip if you want to, but if you knew about this place, then why would you?
4	I have a habit of taking my wife to a real ritzy restaurant on her birthday, she likes to treat it like a national holiday. So after looking around for a new place to try out, I settled on this very nice restaurant. That was kind of the problem, it was just nice.I don't know, I have nothing bad to say. The calamari app was good, The different breads were ok. We got completely confused by the cheese menu. I ordered a NY Steak and my wife got the Halibut. Both were good but not spectacular. The decor is REALLY impressive (especially for an office park). Prices were a little cheaper than expected which was appreciated. I do have to say that the service was exeptional though, our drinks were always refilled and we never noticed anyone do it. We hate when the servers are always hovering and this woman was not like that at all...a real proI guess we just left after a nice enough dinner but we've had much better and much worse.OH! and a friend turned me on to cucumber gimlets here...get one...y'know, or 7.
4	Hideaway in Howard Hughes business center and I like that. The music was very good upbeat blues/jazz and the game was on =)  I think they let you sit at first for a little bit to take everything in, the hip atmosphere and the full capacity of the insiders who dine frequently.  The energy of the guests tell all and everyone seemed to be thoroughly enjoying their restaurant.  The breads were ok, a little too hard for my preference but what you put on the bread is what made it worth it.  The wine list is quality which I can very much appreciate since so many restaurants will carry unnecessary bottles that are not even well selected.  The flavors is what you come here for.  Risotto, scallops, NY steak etc. had memorable flavors.  The quality is very satisfying and I am eager to return soon.
5	The pan seared crab cakes are to die for.  The complimentary bread were awesome with so many choices, I wanted to eat them all.  The chocolate was my favorite.  Also, the bouillabaisse with mussels, clams, shrimp, snapper, calamari, scallops and saffron broth was awesome.  Don't remember what I ate for dessert, but was very delicious.
1	We have been there a number of times and the food has been consistently good. My wife loves the calamari. The wait staff is responsive and very professional. They employ a valet service with has very friendly staff.We went last night and had a VERY BAD EXPERIENCE. We ordered martini's which were made with a citron vodka rather than what we ordered. One of the wait staff came by and asked if we needed the drinks remade, which we did. We waited for awhile and I walked up to the bar to see what the problem was. The bartender exhibited a VERY bad attitude. She was busy cleaning something and I seemed to be a distraction. She could not have made a mistake we had to be wrong. The waiter was apologetic but seemed incompetent and failed to follow up to be sure we got our drinks. We spoke with the manager who came across like a total idiot. He just nodded and did not respond. All that was necessary was for someone to quickly re make our drinks and not to have me make the trip to the bar. Even after I made the trip it would have been Ok if the bartender had just apologized and taken care of it. The customer may not always be right but they are still the customer.I have vowed not to return and let all my friends and acquaintances know just how bad the service was.
5	Went here for a bachelor party dinner.  Service was top notch and we got there at close to around midnight on a Saturday.  Decor was very nice, simply and modern, with screens showing classic movies.  None of us have eaten there before and were a little intimidated by the menu, but our server took real good care of us.  He knew the menu inside out and his recommendations were spot on.  The staff was very attentive and made sure we had our drinks refilled at all times.  It wasn't annoying at all.  This is what you call service!On to the food.  For starters, we had calamari with curry aioli (very savory if you love that curry flavor- a very unique blending of flavors) as well as 2 of their wood-fired flat breads.  The flat breads were decent and good to share (7 slices) and whet your appetite.  For the main entree, I had the free-range half chicken with "mac and cheese", rapini and sage reduction.  Chicken was moist, tender and bursting with flavor.  Mac and cheese were unique with its green pesto-like color, but the flavor complimented the chicken very well.  Hands down the best chicken I've ever had!  The other guys had the steak and potatoes, which made me wish I ordered that instead.  I bummed a few pieces of steak, and it was an explosion of flavor in my mouth.  Best steak I've ever had.  I'm going to order that next time I'm in town!  Oh yeah we shared a tiramisu for dessert.  It tasted a little too chocolate-y for my tastes, but nevertheless good.  Go try this place out!
5	I love this place. Its beautiful, food to die for and in general good service.
4	Went there twice this week. Once for dinner with my husband, and once for lunch. We sat on the patio at a table under one of the cabanas. It was nice and relaxing. This is not a place you want to go when you are in a rush or on a quick lunch break. It takes a long time to savor the food and the atmosphere, and I think that's what the restaurant is going for. The food is excellent. For dinner I had the halibut which was excellent. For lunch I had the crab ravioli, also delicious. Everyone else's food looked amazing as well. A lovely atmosphere and very nice for a no rush lunch.
5	Went last night for a dinner date and absolutely loved the Vintner Grill.  It is tucked away in a business center and from the outside looks pretty normal... then, upon walking inside it turns into a decadent world with beautiful decor and a pristine ambiance of light color and mellow serendipity.  The menu feature a fresh cheese, app/dinner, and wine page.... simple, yet copious flavors from every dish, attentive waiter and great atmosphere made this place a 5 of 5.  Dinner for two with a good bottle for about $100 isn't too bad at all.
4	Great place for a power lunch, and still romantic for dinner.   The decor is bright and funky, and the food is great. I always have the halibut with couscous and practically lick my plate every time.  I would recommend the cheese and meat pairing with wine before dinner. The salads are great.  I wasn't impressed with the flatbreads or paninis.  The service is OK, I have never had great service from the wait staff, but the food makes up for it.
5	My boyfriend took me this restaurant for my 26th birthday. We were gonna do a typical steakhouse/seafood place, and instead he brought me here on a recommendation from his boss. Right when we got inside and looking at the plush couches and pillow style dining I knew we were in for something different. From the service, ambiance, food, cocktails, everything was perfect. The Moroccan spiced lamb was amazing. I had the Prime Beef tenderloin that was cooked and seasoned to perfection. My boyfriend had the halibut, which he really didn't like as much as my tenderloin. But besides that, everything was amazing. The service was fantastic and professional. not snooty. Definitely a must do for a special occasion or even just for a nice dinner once in a while!
5	My friends and I ate at the Vintner Grill for the first time last night. The restaurant is tucked away on the NW corner of Charleston and Hualapai in Summerlin. Everything from the complimentary valet to the decor was warm and inviting. We started with the White Bean Hummus w/ Pita Chips. For our entrees we ordered the Roast Chicken, Crab Ravioli and Salmon. The food was exceptional!!! Our waitress was a bit blah but I would definitely return based on the food and atmosphere.-Ivan
5	very romantic, had the lamb for the entree wch was cooked  and served to perfection, and accentuated by the fresh mint it came with, my fave was the crab ravioli wch i got as an appetizer, (seafood is my nirvana). tonight my date chose the tenderloin wch i almost got (he chose medium well, yuch i think he just ruined his steak, oh well) replete with asparagus and a side of potatoes. we were both too full for desert after sharing everything.  if you're on the west side in summerlin and are able to make reservations, check out this establishment. it's fine dining (slightly less than strip prices, but worth it), great table service, and romantic from my vantage point! p.s. you can also eat outdoors under the night sky a REAL sky not forum shops fake sky, it's absolutely breathtaking and maaarvelous!!!
4	You could totally miss this place if did not know what you were looking for. It looks like it is in an office building or work place. We had a friend take us for lunch a while back and I really had a bad experience. We came back recently for a group dinner and my experience changed. I always loved the decor, its very different, trendy, bold colors of green, white, black. We started with the calamari and hummus. The calamari came with a curry flavored dip which was very good. I don't like their menu because it's pages on a clipboard and you have 1 page of cheese, 1 page of food, and about 15 pages of wine. We tried a meat and cheese plate which seemed good although I'm not a big fan of that. For my entree, my bf ordered the boar pasta, and it had a very good flavor to it. I debated between the halibut and the bouillabaisse. I've never really had the bouillabaisse but I only wanted to try it because it said it had saffron in it. And it looked good with baby lobster, scallops, mussels, clams and calamari. The waitress said that dish was featured in wine magazine so of course I had to go with that dish. It was delicious, very light, and the seafood was all delicious. My only complaint was the service was a tad bit slow when we were ordering but maybe that is because we kept ordering appetizers, the wine took awhile to order, (so the waitress and sommelier were busy taking these orders and setting our table with wine glasses and such). We also had dessert and the portions were HUGE! It's enough for maybe 3 people to share. So we tried the strawberry shortcake, the chocolate eclairs which were soft, but i thought eclairs were crunchy, and the tiramisu. The tiramisu was my favorite although everyone else thought it was too sweet.
5	I live in Summerlin, where I believe we are lacking in great restaurants.  Vintner Grill is one of the few exceptions to this--I have eaten at Vintner about five times now, and every time has been just fabulous.  Everything is prepared very well, the flavors are wonderful, the service is great, and the decor is lovely.  The last time I was there (about a week ago) was for dinner on a Friday night.  I went with my boyfriend, and he had the halibut and I had the scallops.  Both were excellent.  The appetizers and drinks are always good.  If I ever feel like having a nice dinner but don't feel like battling the crowds on the strip, Vintner Grill is the place to go.
5	This place is awesome! So cozy and comfortable but still with an upscale touch.  40's style decor with black and white classic movies playing on a couple screens.  The patio is beautiful as well with a kind of mediterranean feel.  It's totally hidden in an office building which makes it an even better find! The food is awesome as well! If you like cheese they have a whole cheese list on the front! This place is so yummy! Their menu comes on a clipboard so they can change it often to what is fresh at the time. The calamari app is awesome with the curry dipping sauce! Yum! I had the steak before with asparagus and it was really good.  I've actually never had anything from there that wasn't fantastic.  I dont know who said the service wasn't good, because their service is excellent.  Always very professional and on top of things and knew their menu.  My water was never empty.  Definitely a great place for great food, conversation, or a first date bc the atmosphere is so comfortable! No complaints!
5	went there years ago... but still remember the deliciousness as it was my latest meal. The crab cake appetizer was absolutely amazing... so good I ate mine and then my date's...The seafood stew-ish entree I got (of which I do not recall the name) was amazing. The flavor was extremely fragrant and refreshing. The fish, shrimps, scallops, mussels, clams and calamari were fresh, juicy and the broth brought out their natural sweetness and complimented instead of overpowering.For dessert, I had the trio of creme burlee, and wow... what a perfect finish to a great meal. I recall there was banana, vanilla beans, and original, three little cups of creamy goodness :) The mojito was also very delicious, and I love the decor and the ambiance. What a refreshing change from the rest of the vegas scene.
4	Great place for a special dinner.I recommend the Halibut if it is on the menu. My boyfriend ordered the rack of lamb and it was great but believe it or not, you can probably get just as good of a rack of lamb at Outback and for way less.The wine was superb and their tiramisu was awesome.Service was great too, they were on-point with everything.
4	Here's the low down...Food: The Ceasar salad wrapped in proscutto was excellent! I loved their reinvention of the classic salad with a twist. The pan sear crab cakes were all crab, no cake. While they were very tasty, I felt that they were missing something. Overall the food was great!Service: I sat at the bar and there was only one bartender. Therefore, the service wasn't top notch. My salad came out within minutes of ordering it. However, it took at least 20 minutes for my crabcakes to follow. (The lady sitting next to me stated that service is always bad.)Atmosphere: Very, very nice. Loved it! Perfect date spot or special occasion restaurant.Price: Crabcakes $14, Salad $10, glass of Wine $7. An entree will be $20-40.Summary: I would definitely go back!
4	Thanks Yelpers for leading me to this hidden gem of a restaurant. In fact it's literally hidden among office buildings and I would never have been able to find it if it wasn't for the reviews.I made reservations for Christmas dinner and was surprised to find the place was happening that night. I've never gone out for Christmas dinner before, so I was worried that it was going to be super dead. As soon as we were seated, a server came around with a tray full of bread. There were a bunch of different kinds, pretzel, brioche, olive, wheat and my favorite cranberry bacon. The breads were served with rosemary and sun dried tomato infused oils and salted butter. My only complaint was that the breads were not warm and the server only came around once. Not that I needed any more bread, but had they come again, I probably would have taken one (or many) more of the bacon cranberry.My mom and I decided to make a meal out of several apps. We started out with the butter lettuce salad and calamari. The butter lettuce salad was very good with a triangle of gooey fried brie. I thought the calamari was okay - not the best I've ever had, but I liked the curry aioli. Next up was the pumpkin gnocchi. The gnocchi itself was a bit sweet, but was offset nicely by the salty prosciutto and crunchy hazelnuts. We managed to only eat half of our flatbread with caramelized leeks, roasted garlic and chili. It made nice left overs for the next day. My grandma had the bouillabaisse which was full of mussels, shrimps, and scallops. I'm not a big seafood eater, but I this was delicious and the broth was so good sopped up with the pesto toasts.We were pretty stuffed, but had to try dessert. The 3 of us split a huge tiramisu served in a mug. It was probably one of the best tiramisus I've ever had - not too sweet. We barely managed to make a dent in it!The service was excellent and we were well taken care of all night. Prices were pretty reasonable too.  It's nice to find a great restaurant away from the craziness of the strip.
5	I've been here multiple times for lunch and dinner.  Every time the food has been fantastic and service has been great.I really love the decor and ambiance of this place.  Also a huge bonus is that it's so close to home.  It easily holds it's own against any place on the strip.
5	Just went with a group of people tonight and the food was amazing.  Server could have had a little more personality. The atmosphere was awesome and they have some great wines!
3	Dined here with my husband. It was a hit and miss meal. Chicken scaloppini was heavily oversalted, but the halibut was delicious. Beautiful presentation and it tasted even better. It had a wonderful sear, but it was juicy and flaky on the inside. Desserts were fantastic, too. I still think about that lemon tarte. Service was average.
5	My wife and I went here for Valentine's Day last year and had a great time. While it was a bit crowded, it was to be expected on this day. The location threw me off a little as it's in an office building complex, and while they do have Valet, there is an abundance of parking close by the entrance which made the valet seem a bit unnecessary.The place is fairly large, and the seating ranges from bar stools, and typical seating to tables against built in couches along the walls. They really maximized their space here. They also have a side area where you can have a group sit that is next to a wine rack wall.The food was great, the steaks we had been cooked perfectly and the wine excellent.
4	Nice relaxing place.  Good sized bar/lounge that gets very busy on the weekends.  Nice outdoor patio & they have a private dining room for special events.  Been a couple of times for dinner.  Loved the pasta with wild boar bolognese, seafood bouillabaisse.  The service is hit or miss.  I've had a couple of dishes over salted - the crab ravioli & risotto.  Nice beer & wine list.  We loved the cocktails here.  Overall a good west side bistro.
5	This is a great restaurant for a large group, a small intimate dinner or if you just want to grab drinks and appetizers with a few friends. It really can accommodate just about any party. The ambiance and decor is unlike any restaurant I have experienced. Its all white couches, walls and chairs give it a very pure and crisp feeling. The old school black and white films shown on the walls make you feel like you are in the film itself. Very low lighting and trendy, you just feel relaxed right when you walk in the door!The food is remarkable. For appetizers we tried the crispy calamari with haricot verts, lemon and curry aioli. It was scrumptious! The curry aioli makes you just want to scoop it out with a spoon! We also tried the Italian sausage flat bread with burrata cheese, roasted peppers, pesto sauce and fennel pollen- the sausages were huge! For dinner if you love scallops the pan seared diver scallops with shaved pecorino, heirloom tomato and sweet corn risotto is for you! I am very picky about how scallops are cooked as I feel they are often UNDER cooked, but everything was cooked perfectly and the risotto was amazing.
4	Lunch or dinner; empty or packed - Vintner Grill is always good - not outstanding - but solid. I've eaten here dozens of times over the past two years and I've never been disappointed with the food.  Now, about the bar - it's hit or miss with mixology depending who's working; usually wise to go with the wine.Vintner Grill is a perfect place for small celebratory get togethers. Wait staff (times I've experienced) gives extra attention to guest of honor and the whole cake/gift surprise hoopla.
5	Had a wonderful dinner here last week. Service was great-very friendly and helpful. Ambiance is amazing-cozy lounges outside and in, beautiful decor and black and white films projected in the rooms. The food is also delicious, specifically the fried chicken which even made my vegetarian sister drool. Wooo-eee! Can't wait to return for more!
3	A-OK.  Packed with button-down, big-watch guys and cougars.  Felt like I was on the set of Reallife Housewives of the OC.Food was well-priced and good, not great, some bad, some good.
4	Very unique decor, nice atmosphere, and courteous staff. The only (major) problem was that they served my requested medium-well steak more than well-done. Even when I asked them to redo it, it came back medium instead of medium-well. this reflects poor kitchen oversight and was quite disappointing. The breads were tasty but certainly baked many hours prior. I'd give it another try...
5	My wife and I had a very enjoyable dinner at Vintner Grill.  The cheese and meat tastings were...tasty, the salads well prepared, and the entrees delicious. Coffee was made in a French press which gave you about 2.5 cups to sip on.  Our helpful server was very busy when we were ready for the check, but we didn't mind waiting and sipping the last of the coffee. VG is a very comfortable place.  I'd recommend it to anyone.
2	Really pretty room, but the night we ate there was so way-overly crowded that the ambiance was ruined.  They had a large wedding party jammed into the bar area and with the constant "tingtingting" of people hitting silverware on glassware as is customary at receptions, and the bride wandering around the dining room, we will not be back to this place.Very expensive evening to be a unknowing guest at a wedding party.Food was okay.  Cheese plate was spectacular.  Service was harried. YMMV.
3	It's a Sunday night, and my parents are in town to visit. My brother had suggested this restaurant since my mom really likes seafood. I honestly never heard of this restaurant even though it was on Food Network or something like that. The restaurant is hidden in some business center, but usually the good restauants are a bit hidden. Once we got inside, we were seated right away. The decor is nice and mellow which is my kind of place.We started off with the spicy chicken flat bread. It wasn't bad but it wasn't amazing. The calamari had a nice mustard sauce that wasn't over powering. The crab cakes were just ok.  Though my mom likes seafood, she decided to order the roasted half chicken. She described the chicken as having an amazing crust. It was very crispy while the meat was still juicy.I had ordered the halibut with spinch and cous cous. Like the chicken, the fish had a very nice crust while still maintaining its tenderness. The only downside is that the cous cous out shined the main dish. It had the perfect amount of seasoning and softness. The tomato halves added a sweetness and slight tart to the cous cous. You have to eat the halibut with the cous cous for the additional flavor, but the cous cous could be eaten alone. In fact, I ate all the cous cous and left my half of the fish.All in all, the restaurant wasn't bad. Nothing truely wowed me, but I can't say anything bad.
5	One of my favorite places in Summerlin! The food here is excellent (try the crab cakes!) and the drinks are poured just the way you ask for them. My favorite part of VG is the outdoor ambiance. The interior is very nice and comfortable with the white couches, but I simply love relaxing on their patio with a martini and having a conversation with friends. This is a great place to impress a date, or simply enjoy a great meal with friends. I simply cannot recommend this place enough.
2	I have been here twice, once for lunch and once for dinner.  First off the decor is awesome and is hands down the best part of the restaurant.  They have a nice patio for nice evenings or afternoons as well.  The bad, well not terrible but not that good, was the food.  I don't remember what I had except for some fancy burger for lunch that I didn't enjoy much.  I went with good friends and tried a few different things and just wasn't impressed, unmemorable I guess and I was just there about a month ago.  Actually I do remember the cheese platter we had and they have a large selection to choose from, the portions were real small, even for a cheese platter.  My girlfriend had a flatbread for lunch and is wasn't that remarkable either.   The service we had both times was not so good, lunch being pretty bad, no where near the service of rosemary's, not even close.I guess if I am going to spend over a 150 bucks on dinner for two I want incredible food with excellent service, anything less and I am just disappointed.  I don't know whats up but both meals I had here just fell flat.  It seems like the owners set out to make the coolest restaurant off the strip, they did.  The place is real cool and they put effort into having a cool menu with elaborate descriptions.  Perhaps I just prefer having food that taste great, satisfies, and speaks for itself, I don't know.
4	Dined here for my friends 21st birthday dinner. Now, my friend takes forever to get ready and never can get anywhere on time- I think her moving around the reservations TWICE cuz she's not done with her hours long grooming ritual made the hostess upset. When we got there, the original was for outside and I was not feeling well so we were trying to sit inside instead. Hostess was definitely not friendly when she told us no. Given its probably annoying that we moved our reservation, but still you don't need to look so gravely annoyed. So outside we went and I just hope for the best out of dinner. Thankfully it started to cool down as we sat there but I still had to go to the bathroom and make a cold compress.  Bread basket is good, but wtf is up with cold, just taken out of the fridge bread? They had a loaf that I loved, cranberry and bacon, but they really should ask people if they want it or not. We had someone in our table that cannot eat pork- a Muslim and also a vegetarian and they both bit into it thinking it's just cranberries and had to spit it out. (More for me!!) There was also a pretzel roll and a few slices of different wheat, sour, etc with two kinds of seasoned butter with a bit of oil on top: herb& oil and chili flakes&oil.My friend grabbed some calamari for the table. It came with a few fried green beans and fried lemon slices (eat them- its actually good and not too tart) with a creamy curry sauce. The calamari was fresh though I would like more seasoning in the batter, it needed sauce. Maybe I'm just setting myself up to be disappointed since I love/crave the calamari at Herbs&Rye that is so flavor packed. BF and I wanted to share two things- a lamb bolognese tagliatelle with truffled riccota and a crab ravioli with cream sauce, peas, grape tomatoes and crimini mushrooms. Bolognese was very rich, but delicious. Definitely glad we chose to share so it can break up the flavor. I would normally love this thoroughly, but I'm sick (throat&ear infection, severe congestion, fever and nausea caused by the ear infection) so I needed something to lighten it. The flavorings and the use of pieces of lamb shank reminds me of osso bucco or a lamb tagine so great for fans of those dishes. The crab ravioli was generously stuffed with crab and was very fresh. we loved the combo of the flavors of this- good balance of some sweetness from a wine base and peas, some creaminess, richness of crimini and some fresh flavors with the herbs and fresh cut cherry tomatoes. My friend had a Mediterranean sea bass with a mix of squash and other veggies and her BF had skirt steak with sweet potato fries. They seemed to be very satisfied with their meal. We skipped dessert since we needed to drop them off to the strip, but looked good. It was rather busy as our dinner went on. Service was okay, but not very attentive....we had to wait a while for a refill and sat a while to be noticed that our plates are done and we need the check.  We weren't neglected, but it wasn't the best. To me, it seemed that the guy was so busy though seeing him bustling about so maybe it means the establishment is spreading their staff too thin by giving them too many tables. Overall, we had a satisfying meal. I don't know if I'd come often because of the dinner prices isn't the most affordable to someone with piles of bills, but I think it's more of a place I'd come for drinks&appetizers or lunch. I do enjoy the atmosphere and maybe coming earlier would be a quieter, more attentive experience.
4	Where is this place? Its in an office complex that can be totally missed if you weren't looking for it. The decor inside and on the patio is pretty fantabuloso. We went here for my wife's bday and it was a blast. We scored the cool patio tent which made for an excellent evening outside with the Vegas heat cooling down (yet after a few glasses of wine you get heated up again) Word on the patio tent is first come first serve, or if you need it guaranteed for your dinner plans, plan to drop $1000 min to secure it. Otherwise anywhere else in the restaurant is still a nice experience. We were here on a sat night and to our surprise we got to enjoy a really cool band set up next to our tent. It was a very nice chillaxin vibe with good food and good company. The food was excellent and expect to pay 25 - 30+ for entrees. The only problem I had was with the initial reservation. I had called and made the reservation on a Tuesday, for a Saturday evening dinner. Luckily I called a few hours ahead to confirm reservations because they had no record of it!!!!! If I remember correctly, the initial girl I spoke with seemed really distracted taking my reservation and answering my questions, almost sounded annoyed. I was really disappointed with this. But luckily the nice girl who I spoke with the day of our reservation assured me she could fit us in and even made sure we scored the tent when we arrived. Much thanks for that. I forgot your name but you were the pretty, sexy, black girl with short hair at the front! The whole staff that night was pretty busy but still accommodating. The food, service and overall experience was great.
4	OK, Surprise of the year thus far. Great atmosphere, delish food, good service and a lamb bolanase that will make you weep. Decent wine selection (we had two botttles) Great cheeses (we had 5 selections from the list) and well balanced menu for most palates (we had 4 entrees) The halibut was a bit dry but everything else was good and the bolonase was excellent! I'd give 4 and a half stars if possible. I'd suggest a bit more training in fine dining for the staff and something a bit more tasteful than clipboards for the menus and this place would be a 5 star. I am going back...
4	I went here last night for Thursday (small plates) night. I was surprised to see how crowded it was from 7pm till 11pm. They had a DJ that played lounge music and the atmosphere is adorable. It reminded me of old Hollywood.Great to go for drinks and snacks and socializing. Go ahead and dress up! Lots of people decked out and lots of expensive cars! People watching!The food was good (the cheese plate especially). The waiter was very friendly and knowledgeable about the cheese selections so feel free to ask for help.Overall a fun time! :)Oh ya: The tiramisu is heavenly. If you enjoy tiramisu and love chocolate, get this. Its made with a chocolate moist cake (instead of the standard ladyfinger cake) and chocolate syrup. Yummy!
4	I've gone here many times because the service is good, the atmosphere is incredible and the menu is always being updated.  It's even better to invite people who have never been here before and watch them get excited.First off, your guests will scratch their heads wondering why they are dining in an office complex.  True, it is hidden amongst banks, doctor's offices and real estate agencies....but once you are inside, you forget what's "outside." The decor is soothing with it's white and green color scheme set against soft textiles in the seating areas.  Comfy pillows await you if you are provided a table featuring banquettes.  Classic black and white movies are projected in the evening on 2 floating screens to provide a feeling of nostalgia. Service is quick and both their dining and drink menu will keep you second guessing what you should order...everything is great...everything.I can't recommend one item over another since I have tried just about everything and have never been disappointed....I do, however, enjoy their pear martinis, and have a weakness for their halibut.Try something off their cheese appetizer menu, you can even ask your server for daily recommendations.Peruse the photos within this listing and you will want to return over and over again.Allow yourself plenty of time to enjoy your experience as they do not rush you to turn over tables.
4	We were ten minutes early for our reservation so we waited while a wedding party was finishing up. I felt like a wedding crasher so we were going to leave and come back some other time. When we told the hostess that we were going to come back when they weren't so busy she assured us that she will have us seated in a few moments. I thought she was really nice because a lot of places would be like "okay bye"! We started the meal with the white bean hummus with olive relish and spicy pita chips. I'm usually critical when it comes to hummus because I was brought up on it. This past my test because it had enough "zing " in it for me . I think they should serve this with more pita chips though. The olive relish was good because it had just the right amount of salt in it. I also had the crispy calamari with haricot verts, lemon and curry aioli. I really liked the sauce ...I ate almost all the Calamari. I left the ones that looked like mini Octopus behind...I know what I'm eating but I just don't want to be reminded of it. My crab ravioli with fresh English peas, crimini was good. I liked the sweetness of the crab.. it doesn't look like a big portion but it is filling. I had to take the other half home. My husband had the mesquite grilled new york with tarragon-mustard butter, crushed yukon gold potatoes, and port reduction. I tried some of his dish and it was delicious I kind of wish I ordered that instead. Even though the meat was well done it was still nice and tender. The potatoes went perfect with the meal. I paired my meal with a Pear Martini it was yummy! I'm glad I asked the waiter's opinion on drinks because I would have ordered the Black Dragon (like a blueberry Mojito). I told him I preferred my drinks to taste like candy so he made sure they made it extra sweet. My husband had the Black Dragon he didn't like it though. We ended our meal with a Banana Chocolate Peanut Butter Pie which was really decadent and worth every bite! The service was great and I liked the eclectic choices of food. I would love to come back when it's not hotter than Hades and dine it one of their tents outside!
5	Well I have to say, this is a rather upscale feast for the senses. Ambiance is visually pleasing and somewhat opulent. I would say the staff is obviously handpicked and very professional, pleasant and easygoing.For a gourmet upscale restaurant it has a very laidback atmosphere. This is not to say you should by any means dress casually. You def get the feeling you want to dress nice to eat here because it does give the feeling you are someplace special.Didn't feel too busy or clankity clank like some restaurants can get when they are popular and busy. By all means for a real treat stop by this, off the beaten path place, you will be pleasantly surprised.
4	I really like Vitner Grill for a number of reasons. And each time I'm there I remind myself of these reasons. The ambiance is great. Don't be fooled by the terrible office complex setting. Inside is not too formal that it feels stuffy but not too casual to feel "cheap" (baseball caps and jeans are definitely a no no here). The decor is inspired but not overwhelming or loud  as to make you feel like ya gotta save this place for somethin special. Basically, if I could decorate my house like Vitner Grill, I'd be happy (love the greens, whites and blacks). The food. Amazing. The ever changing menu means you can try and try and try and probably not have the same thing more than once (even tho you'd really want to because IT'S THAT GOOD). Fish dishes, chicken dishes , pasta dishes and even vegetarian dishes all done well.  The Mac & Cheese is incredible!And three...the price. I don't mind paying for a great meal. BUT I can get a great meal, great service and great ambiance at Vitner Grill without my checking account hating me. Love. Sure, it's not Denny's cheap but then again, do you "really" like Denny's? The flatbread (pizzas) range from $12-$20 and are definitely enough for 2 people. The entrees all come with sides and believe me, you won't be hungry after cleaning your plate. Make a reservation as they do tend to fill up on the weekend (and sit on the back patio if the weather is right)!
4	This place certainly surprises.  Tucked away in an office park, very unassuming, Vintner Grill has no problem filling up any weekend of the year, and you quickly learn why.  Walking in you're immediately transported to a place unlike any in vegas.  The atmosphere is fun and understated, and really takes you completely out of the desert and gambling mindset.The service here is fantastic, no matter what your party's size... and the food is tremendous!  Perfectly sized portions, tons of flavor, definitely a place I hope to visit again!
2	Dined in for our second Restaurant Week 2010 meal. We had 5:30 reservations, upon arrival we were given the option to dine inside or out. I opted for outside. We had the patio to ourselves most of the meal which was really nice.The breads that got us started were really good, as was the butter and oils that accompanied them.Our first course was calamari with curry aoli and a chopped vegetable salad. Neither were particularly enjoyable. The veggies and calamari were both overcooked causing one to be chewy and the other mushy. Both were a miss.We both chose the halibut with cous cous, spinach, toasted orzo, lemon gremolata and sweet tomatoes for the main course. It was fine, the quality of the fish was lacking, but otherwise it was nicely prepared. A disappointment, because the halibut was the star on our last visit.We finished the meal with banana cream pie and lemon blueberry cheesecake. I'm happy to report desserts are still fantastic at Vintner Grill. We enjoyed every bite.Overall, the meal was filled with hits and misses, good service was the only constant. We won't be in a rush to return, but we might be back for cheeses and dessert. The fromage menu looks great.
4	Good...with some caveats. Food can be outstanding... service at times uneven... a very nice looking restaurant.Just watch out for certain dishes, they can be exceptionally rich, ie- the beef stroganoff (this coming from someone that normally has a cast-iron stomach).And ordering wines by the glass gets you a very small pour... question the amount, and you receive a rote reply... "it's an automated measure," so nothing can be done.Hey.. BS is still BS, and a light pour gets the house numerous additional $10 charges from the same bottle.Will visit again.. just be more aware of ingredients & their preparation.. and order vino by the bottle only.
5	What a non-Vegas jewel.  Buried in a corporate complex.Hands down one of the best patios in Vegas, complete with white linen tents, turkish lamps and a bonfire pit.   Patio is reservations only after 8:30pm, (probably earlier in winter, so get there early if you're walking in).The service is upscale (they match dinner napkins to the ladies attire in a lovely subtle way), which mean waiters can be snooty occasionally, but most are quite personable and answer questions sans-attitude.The frommage course is not to be missed...a delicious assortment with exquisite drizzles.   By the time I get to main course, I'm usually buzzed and stuffed w/cheese...and there ends my review.Lovely atmosphere, white furnishings, silent films playing in some of the cubbies, and an accessible bar area with additional bar table seating.  So great for a quick classy drink, or a leisurely 4 course meal.  Enjoy!
4	Best Chicken Ever On a typical Thursday evening at 7:00, Vintner Grill was slammed. I first noticed the noise as I entered the well-hidden Summerlin spot. The restaurant was LOUD. Not loud with music, rather conversation. Since much of the restaurant is fitted in wood, the sound really carries; Vintner Grill is not a great date spot, though it does suit groups very well. It resembles many innocuous bistros you might find on the streets of Chicago, Manhattan, or any other large metropolitan area. THE FOOD: I was a bit let down by the food. Vintner Grill is generally received well by guests, and came highly regarded to me by a coworker. I had a few selections from the cheese and Charcuterie menu which were good. The Petit Basque is a deliciously balanced, semi-soft cheese I highly recommend. I also had the calamari with a curried aioli, the Moroccan spiced lamb spareribs, and the honey truffled half-chicken. The calamari was flash fried, but a little too flashy. It was undercooked, and chewy. Calamari is a super easy dish to cook; it was disheartening to have such bad calamari at what some would call a fine dining establishment. The spare ribs were perfectly charred on the outside and seasoned well. Be aware that lamb spare ribs are a fatty cut before ordering. This is a good thing for people in the know. The chicken was OUT OF THIS WORLD DELICIOUS! The skin was perfectly crispy without being overcooked. The meat was succulent and tender, but the flavor is what makes this literally THE BEST CHICKEN I HAVE EVER EATEN. The flavors married to form a symphony of pleasure. This chicken will put a smile on your face once the first nuance of flavor is detected by your taste buds. I can't agree with most reviewers on Vintner Grill, but I can tell you that the 1/2 chicken is a 5 Star dish, and reason enough to give this spot a go.
4	This place is on most peoples favorite restaurant list.  If you can afford dinner great; however, the large half orders on the lunch menu are a good bargain.
4	This place is great. Good food, great decor, and friendly staff. It's a little hidden but when you do find it you won't be disappointed.
5	So it is 5 stars when Josh(Im pretty sure it is Josh) is our waiter and 4 when he is not.  He is far more personable than the last waiter who messed up my birthday dessert.  The food is really good!  As someone who is sticking to seafood and veggies, they have plenty on the menu. The chef changes the menu with the seasons so if you eat there a few times a season you will find new and tasty treats.  The decor is really beautiful and they play old movies without sound.  It makes for nice background visuals.  If you reserve on open table I think there is only one table they seat you at and it is next to the server stand.  You might want to call if this annoys you. It does put you in Josh's section so that's the plus side.  They also make tasty drinks and stock Laphroaig.  The last waiter (not Josh) put ice in my scotch, since I did not ask for it on the rocks it was annoying.  However it is a cardinal sin to waste scotch.  I love that it is not in a casino and that it is quite low key. I wish they hosted a Casablanca night.
4	On a whim, I decided to try out Vintner Grill because quite honestly I was bored and wanted a decent meal.  This place fit the bill.  I certainly am not one that is afraid, ashamed, or even bat an eye twice at the idea of dining alone, so I made a last minute reservation to check it out.What I immediately noticed was that I loved the overall design of the restaurant.  It is posh yet casual... almost like it doesn't take itself too seriously.  I also noticed the clientele.  Many people seemed to be out on a date-- or in one case I swear the guy was out with a mistress.  Others were discussing business.  It also was a nice touch to have from Here to Eternity playing in the background.When i walked in the hostess asked me if I was there to eat my favorite dish.  I told her that I hadn't eaten there before and figured there was no time like the present.  She smiled and said that I would enjoy it and took me to a table in the back corner.  My waitress was very thrown by the fact that I was dining alone.  It took her about 1/2 of my dining experience to adjust.  Everyone else on staff didn't mention it at all. In fact, they seemed unphased.  When I asked her what did she suggest as one of their best dishes on the menu, she couldn't give me an answer.  I started with a salad, which had artichoke and corn-- amongst other vegetables.  It was so fresh, and the corn was so sweet. The bread was better than average.  This definitely was one of the better salads that I have had in a long time.  For my main course I had beef stroganoff.  It was definitely the best version of this dish that I have eaten.  The hot tea was excellent, but my initial choice was not available and hadn't been for a bit according to the waitress.  If you are going to put your menu on a clipboard, can't you update it more frequently?As at Rosemary's, my bottled water was kept on ice a stone's throw away from my table.  Here, however, they were on top of keeping it filled.  I still can't give this place 5 stars.  The service out of the main waitress was at best a 3.  Everything and everyone else was a 5.  I'd go back to grab some food and tea and relax.  I don't mind paying for a relaxing dining experience.
4	Excellent food.  The bread selection is great.  The apperizers and entrees were even better.  The only problem was it took forever to get the steak.  That takes one star off.
5	If I ever get the chance to be on the Food Network's "The Best Thing I Ever Ate" I'd be ranting and raving about Vintner's Grill!!! This restaurant is a hidden gem off of the Vegas strip. Its decor is classy with a modern twist that offers AMAZINGLY delicious food & strong dranks.Me and the bf came here for a friend's wedding lunch reception.  Besides celebrating the wedding of our newly married friends, the other highlight of the day WAS. THE. FOOD.  There was a fixed menu consisting of 3 appetizers and a choice among 3 entrees.  THE APPETIZERS: Simple yet deliciously satisfying!1) curry chicken on baked chips2) kobe beef sliders w/ bacon3) sauteed mushrooms on top of a crostini with goat cheeseCHOICE OF ENTREES: Please refer to my pictures of the 2 entrees me and the bf chose to get a better idea of how incredibly delicious our food was!  1) Pasta with greens, prosciutto, tomatoes, and goat cheese--I chose this dish.2) Broiled chicken with mac 'n cheese and broccoli--the bf chose this dish.3) Pasta in lamb ragu BTW, the reception had an open bar and the bar itself was fully stocked :)  The bartender was very generous with our drinks ;)  As for dessert we had a piece of the wedding cake along with an ice cream station that was set up outside in the patio area.  I'm looking forward to our next Vegas trip to eat and drink here again.
4	Vitner grill is a very interesting place. It is in a location that can best be sumarized by saying..."where in the hell?"  That being said the place was doing just fine, biz wise, on a tuesday night.I really like this place: it is funky without being weird. I love the distressed floors and the uniuqe decor. That being said it was really dark in there.What really shines at this restaurant is the food. We started with a wonderful bottle of reisling( Dr Loosen?) which was very reasonably priced. We paired that with cheeses( their cheese selection is really really good...think purple haze( mild goats milk cheese with fennel and lavender from my neck of the woods Nor Cal), wonderufl blue cheese, cheedar, and other stinky cheeses. We had with this some wonderful proscutio, sliced duck breast(omg), crustini and some spreads that combined in an amazing way.We also had a pizza/ flat bread for our appetizer that was just out of this world: carmelized onions, bits of proscutio, goat cheese that was a symphony of flavor.Entrees were even better: I had the honey truffle glazed organic chicken that was one of the best I have ever had. I subbed out the mac and cheese for the tuscan potatoes and these mothers were just amazing. My dining partners had the petite file which looked and tasted great, and the salmon tangine...which also looked and smelled divine.This was all paired with a simple mondavi pinot noir which cost $30...what a bargain.Desserts were also spot on. The tiramasu was a large portion of chocolate lady fingers( not traditional but very very good) soaked in a wonderful liquour with the usual additions. The apple crisp was also just a smash.I highly recommend this out of the way jem.Service was also very attentive.Oh I forgot to mention their bread selections at the beggining were just drop dead amazing. chocolate walnut, etc..and the butter was very very creative.Check it out!
5	First of all, I will credit Rachael Ray for featuring Vintner Grill on Tasty Travels, making me obsess about this place for weeks before actually having the chance to get in here. I had prepared myself for the stark realization that the place may be just a victim of huge hype....BUT I WAS PROVED INCREDIBLY WRONGThe exterior of Vintner Grill makes that place unassuming. In fact, I thought I had the wrong directions until I could see a white gazebo peeking over the wall.I, as a male, will NEVER use this word to describe anything ever again but the interior was absolutely LUXURIOUS: plush white, accents or red here and there, straight up beautiful. Usually, one would feel uncomfortable but for some reason the decor made me feel...home-y.The service was great for having a full house. I got a table to myself at 7:30pm, awesome right? My drink was never left unattended. And my waitress was talkative considering the dinner rush crowd.Lastly, *drumroll* THE FOOD!! *TA-DAH!!*To start things off, I had the margherita flatbread and finished with dry aged ribeye. It was truly a religious experience, the tomatoes and avocado oil made my palate want more instantly. The ribeye could easily rival Craftsteak or Del Frisco, it had a medium/med-high earthiness but not overpowering. I have to admit that I am very partial to blue cheese so the polenta made me extremely happy.Everyone MUST try Vintner Grille. Another jewel tucked off strip in Summerlin.
4	To start the atmosphere at the restaurant is great. Unfortunately we had some loud patrons around us but nothing the restaurant could do about it.We had a shrimp and lobster appetizer with apples in it, and it was excellent. The cocktail sauce was homemade and had a kick just like I like it. For dinner me had the lamb and the scallops. The scallops were amazing and I would go back there just for them. The lamb was good, but not amazing. All in all, we will definitely go back for dinner or even just to the bar for some drinks. The bar area was cool and everyone seemed to be having a good time.
5	The food was really 4 star quality, but they get a star bump for the great decor and fabulous service ! My coworker and I ventured this way because we were in the mood for a fabulous lunch. This place really delivered and I'd venture to say on a Monday it's one of the best lunches one can buy in the Summerlin area. We wanted to try a couple of things and decided on the steak cobb salad and the chicken. I've eaten a ton of cobb salads (having done low carb on and off for nearly a year now!), and this is my pick for the best one in Las Vegas. They split it up for us without even asking, and my half portion was very substatial. Warm delicious steak. Asparagus. Fresh soft bleu cheese crumbles. Ever so lightly dressed. YUM. This is what the salad on the lunch menu at Simon is trying to be - exact at Simon they charge you $5 more for it, give you half as much food, and serve you sad little steak crumbles that are cold and dry. I love it when a place promises steak on a salad and delivers WARM steak. So important!!We split the chicken for our main course. It was so delicious! Light honey flavor on the skin, and moist amazing chicken. I'm not the world's biggest chicken fan, but this won me over!! It was served with broccolini and what my coworked called "spetzel mac and cheese". So delicious!! The atmosphere is light and airy and beautiful. Great for everything from a ladies lunch to a birthday lunch to a power lunch. Service was awesome. We were in and out of there in 45 minutes (even with 2 courses!) - so important on a lunch break. Our bill was around $22 a person with tax/tip - more than worth it for the quality of the experience.
3	After hearing critics' praise on this new restaurant via the local radio, I came into Vintner Grill with high expectations. I really wanted to love this place. After finally experiencing it, however, I left scratching my head as to what the hype was all about. Did I miss the kool aid on the way in? In all honesty, the food was not terrible. But for the price, it also didn't wow me. The food was so uneventful I even forgot what I had. I ordered the calamari as an appetizer and the seared scallops for my entree. On a positive note, the decor of the place is quite elegant. It's a great place to people watch as dinner is a packed house and the folks who come in here appear dressed to the nines. As for the food, I'm gonna keep on moving.
4	Went here for lunch today with hubby and I was very impressed.  We shared the crab cake appetizer, they were the best crab cakes I have ever had.  Then I had the halibut over couscous and orzo, OMG delicious the fish was cooked perfectly crispy on the outside and just cooked, juicy, on the inside.  Hubby had a flat bread that wasn't great, a little bland, but was ok and he has eaten here before and enjoyed,so wasn't too disappointed. We had the fresh squeezed lemon juice and it was good also, not too sweet  and for $3 you get a glass full and a small carafe, bargain!!!The staff were great not snobby, nice decor and no rush to get you out of there.As others have said this is a great place to people watch and maybe even get the name of a good plastic surgeon. LOLWill definitely come here again.
1	I'm afraid the food/experience here is worse than disappointing -- it borders on depressing.  In an area where you don't expect much from a restaurant, this place gives you even less than you expect.I don't usually give one star reviews, but I do feel like this place needs a warning sign.The calamari is tough and chewy -- we left the entire plate.  The cobb salad was soggy and stale and felt old, almost like some of it came out of a can (I think it had been sitting out too long).  The assortment of bread was completely stale (also sitting out too long).  Even the butter tasted a bit rancid.  Worst of all, no one seemed to care or notice that we touched hardly anything.  The empty atmosphere here feels like a sad place in an Encino strip mall, but even in an Encino strip mall you can find a palatable meal.Sometimes in Las Vegas, the best food is way, way off the strip.  This is not one of those places.
1	The service was bad!!! My husband and I were seated by the host and that was the last of it. No one greeted us or offered us anything. We left after 5 minutes and informed the two gentlemen at the host station. The man asked which table we were seated at and that was the end of the conversation. No apology or nothing. However, great valet service...he was the only one gracious enough to apologize for the lack of service.
5	This is definitely a place you find with local knowledge.  No sign out front and it is located in a corporate complex.  It is the strangest location for some of the best food in Las Vegas.  Pleasant interior and wonderful service -- so friendly and helpful.  The crab cake appetizer has been described as perfect -- and it is.  We had wonderful salads and flatbread.  Now for the desserts.  The carmelized apple tart was topped with granola and oatmeal, caramel sauce and vanilla bean gelato.  Delicious!  The maple brulee with lavender cookies and berries was also amazing.  We will be returning there during our visit because there are so many dishes we want to try.  Our server was Wendy.  Such an asset to the place.  She actually walked us to the door as we visited.
4	For now, I will still give this place 4 stars although my meal was not that great.  ha.  Service was great and our water was attentive.  The ambience was nice as well.  Our reservation was at 630pm on a Friday night.  This place is west of the strip, so I'm glad I didn't have to run into freeway and Strip traffic, and the casino crowds.  Parking was easy to find and we were seated right away when we went in.  It started to get busy towards 730 or so.We had the meats and cheeses selection for appetizers and decided on a combination of 2 meats and 3 types of cheeses.  The sliced duck was surprisingly good and the prosciutto was great.  The cheeses we selected (sorry forgot the specifics) was tasty as well, aside from the goat cheese.Now, the reason for my first comment above was that this was my night where my food picks were wrong, but everyone else I came with enjoyed their meals.  I got the lobster risotto, which was a special for the day.  Seeing enough Hell's Kitchen, where they offer risotto as a dish, I decided to give it a try. Plus, this was recommended by the waiter.  More often than not, when I rely on the waiter's recommendation, the dish turns out pretty good, but tonight was not the case.   First, I was expecting a lobster tail, maybe even a small one or half a tail.  But, all I got was a small claw and some rice for dinner.  So, I knew I was going to be starving.  Then, the risotti itself was bland and did not have much of a taste.  I bet you predicted I was asking my family to try their dishes during dinner.  haha.As mentioned, the rest of my party enjoyed their selections.  My wife had osso buco and she enjoyed it pretty much.  It was a good size portion and she was pleased.  She savored the marrow last, which was still inside the bone.  My mother-in-law had the scallops and they were cooked just right.  My father-in-law had the bone-in ribeye and he enjoyed it very much.  He raved about how it was so good and soft the whole night.  I had a piece and it was pretty good.  He mentioned it was better than Ruth Chris and Flemings.  Hmm...Ruth Chris maybe, but it may be around Flemings caliber or a little under.  Then again, I just had a piece and he had the whole steak.  Next, my sister-in-law had Bouillabaisse.  She tried my risotto and agreed, no flavor.  She felt sorry for me and gave me a scallop, which was tasty.Dessert time...  I had maple sugar creme brulee.  Creme brulee happens to be pretty high up on my dessert favorites.  It was pretty good, but the maple taste was a slight twist.  The maple taste reminded me of pancakes for breakfast.  Overall, I prefer the traditional creme brulee taste than the maple flavor, but would recommend others to try this dessert.  My wife had the lemon cheesecake and she thought it was one of the better cheesecakes she's had in a while.  Father-in-law was happy with his apple pie a-la mode, but we wasn't raving about it like he did with his rib-eye.  Mother and sister-in-law shared a dark chocolate dessert and they were really happy as well.Given that we had an appetizer, a bottle of wine, dinner, and dessert, I was thinking at least $100 per head, but it turned out to be way less than that, which is definitely a plus.So all-in-all, I got the wrong dish, but everyone else made the right selections.  With that said, I will definitely go back to this place for the service, ambience, and the fact that my family enjoyed their meals.  I just won't select lobster risotto ever.
4	This is a really cute restaurant in a really easy to pass location. Just keep your eyes out for the small VG sign on the street. The food is great. Clean, minimal, and fresh.  Not too much fuss so that you can taste the ingredients and how nicely they work with each other. The restaurant has a very nice atmosphere too. Again, clean and also very open. There are a lot of business lunches going on and "Housewife" gatherings so people are more dressed up than casual. But you can go casual and still feel right at home.   Their spring salad is one of my favorites ( i can eat it sans dressing) as well as the chicken, and turkey sandwich.
3	Atmosphere is really nice.  Video poker machines in a place like this?  Food is OK.  People throwing mega stars here is just wrong.  It's a good place.  It is more of a convenient place for locals than a destination.  Nothing wrong with it.  Really good.  Enjoy.  Just no reason to be giddy nor should there be to be relevant.
4	Service - 9Atmosphere - 8Food - 9Vegetarian Friendly - 7General Awesomeness - 8I was really thrown off by this restaurant being in a business park, that and they offer a valet service that could require more walking than if you just parked yourself.  However, once you peel back the pretentious mask, this place is dynamite.  We had a really funny and helpful server, great wine selection, amazing cheeses and a gorgeous bar.  The night I was there offered no vegetarian entrees, so the chef put together a surprise for me, which was delightful.If you can look past the pompous cars in the valet and the 50 year olds in Ed Hardy gear, Vintner Grill is a real gem.
2	Not impressed.  I went to the Vinter Grill with my girlfriend and her family.  We called ahead to tell them we had two dinners that were vegan (me and my girlfriend), and they said they would accommodate us.  When we got there I asked the host to confirm the chef knew we were vegan.  He looked at me like he had no idea what I was talking about and told me to tell the waitress myself.  When I did tell the waitress she looked at me like she had never heard of the word vegan and said she didn't know what that meant.  Great.  So, I explained it to her and she said she would ask the kitchen.  Long story short the chef took some pizza dough and some noodles and made a marinara sauce with some veggies, put half on the pizza and half on the noodles and gave it to us.  So little care and thought from a place so highly rated.  I will not go back.
5	Ok, this is one of the few reviews that I'm going to be a bit unfair in.I'm giving Vintner's Grill 5-stars because not only did make beautiful and yummy food for all of my friend's at a birthday dinner we had, but they had Bouillabaisse on the seasonally-changing menu, which is my favorite dish EVER.I swear, my taste buds had the most unforgettable orgy that night.  The scallops, clams, lobster, and fish oh my gosh.  Teasing my tongue with such abandon like no woman had ever done, the juices slipping down my throat, jeez I need to stop.I'm not sure if the have the dish still there.  Aside from all the food porn, the decor was very nice.  The server was also very attentive and prompt- this testifies to the smooth clockwork that happens in the back of the house.So all in all, I guess this review is pretty fair.  You can bring a date here, your grandma, your business partners- they're quite friendly despite the clinic-like atmosphere (the intense whites of the decor, nothing bad though).  There were no complaints from my fatally picky friends that day, and we got what we wanted and more.
2	Maybe I was just there on a bad night.  It wasn't bad enough that I'm never going back but it definitely didn't live up to the dining experience I was expecting.  Plusses:  Great bar menu, drinks and service.  I'm definitely going back there for drinks.  (Awesome people watching)Minuses:  Dinner was so-so.  My biggest complaint was the pace of service.  I love a well paced meal but I also like a little attention.  We'd go for 30 minutes at a time without even so much as water top off.  When your water class sits empty (and you've paid for the Voss), that's a sign that they aren't interested.  BTW, I would have pored it myself but they keep the bottles off the table.They have DJ on Thursday evenings.  Which actually is kind of cool but I wasn't prepared for it and it got a little loader than I was expecting for a "romantic" dining experience.
5	One of the best meals my husband and I have ever had!  There are a number of reasons why I absolutely adore Vintner Grill!  Let me count the ways:1. It's hidden in a office business park in Summerlin.  It's not like its out in the open; you gotta play eye-spy to find it.  And I like that!2. Their bar area is something that I feel that I could call home five nights a week.  It's very inviting and they have delicious drinks.3. The seating at the tables are super comfortable.  On the "booth" side- it is all white with gorgeous, comfortable pillows.  On the "chair" side- its a very comfortable, padded chair.  They make it comfy so you can enjoy your dinner.4. They don't rush you.  My husband and I were there for almost two hours and never once did the waiter try and get us out.  He gave us plenty of time and it was perfect.  If we needed him, he was always around.5. Their menu.  The first few pages is about their cheeses and meat selections that they have.  You know if they focus on this, it must be good.6. They play old black & white movies on this see-through glass that you would never expect to turn into a movie screen.  Very cool!7. The Bread Man- so after you get comfortable the "bread man" comes by with a many different selections of cold or room temperature bread.  You can have as many as you want!  They also bring out a dish with a couple dipping sauces and butter. (Suggestion- set the butter & sauce near the candle on the table, so the butter softens up!)8. The fresh and comfortable feeling that you get when just sitting in the restaurant.  It's white and crisp and lovely.Ok, so my husband and I started with a glass of wine ($9) and a cocktail ($10) and after looking over the two page meat and cheeses we said "hell, we gotta try it!"  We asked our wonderful waiter for help.  Since my husband loves bleu cheese, that was one of the picks along with some salami and pancetta. (You can mix and match any meats and cheeses that you like!)  It came out on a plate with apricot mustard sauce and a homemade blueberry sauce.  OMG!  The bleu cheese with the blueberry sauce = amazeaballs!  So good!  The entire plate was delicious and something perfect to get our palette ready for the main courses.I had the bouillabaisse with mussels, clams, shrimp, snapper, calamari, scallops and saffron broth.  It's similar to a cioppino but even better!  The saffron broth had just enough flavor and it was plentiful of seafood!My husband had the prime beef tenderloin with peppercorn sauce, brie potato puree and grilled asparagus.  He orders his steak cooked "between medium rare and medium" some places call it medium rare plus.  Comes out perfect every time!  He said that it was one of the best steaks he has ever had!Everyone in the restaurant seemed to enjoy their meals and the ambiance was definitely something that I enjoyed.  I'm looking forward to bringing some family here later this month!
5	I have been meaning to try Vintners Grill for quite sometime.  They had a booth at the Taco's and Tequila Festival in Lake Las Vegas over Memorial day weekend and in my opinion had the best food. The buffalo ribs were fantastic. Well I planned a stay-cation at Red Rock and decided I would go with my friend and finally try Vintners Grill.  I made a reservation through Open Table which was very easy and when we arrived we were immediately seated.Vintners is a little dark for my liking and some people were having trouble reading the menu, so flashlights were provided. Now elder people who are not accustom to reading by flashlight aren't exactly careful with where they shine the light and my friend and I kept getting hit in the eyes with flashlights.I ordered one of their signature cocktails called the Black Dragon, which was a Blackberry mojito. I forgot how much I disliked drinks with unstrained berries. The seed were rather distracting.I had the Veal scaloppini with crimmini mushrooms and it was fantastic. For dessert we shared the meyers lemon cheese cake, which was also perfect, along with some 20 year Tawny port.Service was great. Atmosphere was nice other than the flashlights, and it being Thursday there was a DJ playing contemporary club music. The food was fantastic.
5	Hard if not impossible to find fault...Who went - Girlfriend and I, plus a close friend who is a wine buff!Service - While some may find it a little slow we found it to be perfect, courteous and very much in line with what we had hoped for.Surroundings - Don't be put off by the office park location, once inside you could be anywhere. Ambiance, furnishings were done to T and even the music was a nice mix of Sinatra, modern and classic.Wine list - According to our friend, most impressive and fair, we have been many places together and he rated this one of the best he has seen in some time.Food - The meat and cheese selection was perfect with many choices, steak, scallops and one other dish (can't remember sorry) all achieved the highest of marks and there wasn't anything left on the plates. We skipped dessert so can't comment.In closing - We will be back and if you live here in Vegas or are visiting I strongly urge you to give this place a try...you will not be sorry.Small warning - Not cheap, but not Strip expensive either, if you order right.Nice job Vintner!!!!
4	Great atmosphere and good food
4	We went there for a drink before dinner at another restaurant.  The whole experience was great, starting with the valet who was polite and accepted to keep the car in front of the door since we were making a quick stop.   The barman was friendly and made my wife a fantastic virgin mojito.  I loved my regular mojito. I will go there again SOON!
5	A real treat!  Everything I have tried on the menu is high quality and very delicious and they work hard on maintaining an eclectic and broad ranged wine program, which I really enjoy.  Great decor, relaxed casual yet elegant atmosphere and a spectacular patio!
5	I've been to Vintner Grill for dinner twice and I couldn't tell you anything about the meal except where we sat.  The restaurant is gorgeous and the people are fun to watch but that's not why I go out to eat.Recently my friend invited me for lunch, telling me about the Classic Cobb Salad with Tenderloin Steak ($14).  That was it for me.  On a scale of 1 to 10, it is a 12.  Add the ambience for lunch, which is more business and "Summerlin ladies who lunch" and it's the perfect combination.I have since been back 5 times in the last month (embarassing, actually) with different friends and clients.  I order the same thing every time - it's that perfect.  Not to mention their breads.  They have a cranberry-bacon roll that is beyond great.I usually don't drink wine during the day but I had their Sauvingon Blanc Drylands ($9) and now have a new favorite, too.This week I went with my wife and I had dessert for the first time.  It was their warm peach cobbler/pound cake with ice cream and caramel sauce.  They give it a very fancy name but that's what it is.  It is crazy delicious.They have outdoor seating, which I would only do at night during the summer.  This is a really gorgeous restaurant and you don't feel like you're in Summerlin or a business park.  I highly recommend it.
4	Nope, you're not in the Hamptons, your in a business park in Summerlin. Vitner's Grill is soooo pretty, the kind of pretty that calls one hither while simultaneuosly arousing rebellion. Like the need to stare at the cutest girl in class, only to pull her braids when she's not looking. So too should Vintner's be admired and dissed simultaneously.       So don't let the swank deter you, have fun with it. Enjoy the crisp and well-thought out decor that gives a nouveu nod to Nantucket. Dress well, but do expose a few of your tattoo's to let em know the counter-culture has arrived and wants a damn good table.There's that yank of the braids I was talking about.  FYI, The Summerlin set responds quickly to any threat that there neighborhood may be infultrated by upstarts. For great service, it pays to walk in with a little edgyness. Like hanging some golden nunchuks from your designer bag, etc  Now, back to food VG boasts a balanced wine list, with many good Napa Valley choices, albeit small pours. Wood fired pizza with artisanal cheese was on point. We also enjoyed the butter and olive oil chilled on a marble slab to accompany the bread service and a dynamite salad. I tend toward the subject matter found in a renaissance still life; cheese, wine, bread, fruit, olives~ cannot  speak to meat options on menu, but what veg we had was quite good and very fresh.VT is a nice option if you wish to avoid the strip, but are seeking some Luxe ambiance for business or pleasure. Nice place for plen-air dining on torch-lit patio. Salut!
5	After driving by this place for the last two years, I've been there three times in the last month. That should say something, right? Since I am a new yelper, I figured I'd wait until my next visit to brag about how great this place is. A belated Fathers Day dinner seemed about right. If I was talking to my wife, I would say that this place is "fancy" like that rap song you all listen to. It's a classy joint. The bar is well stocked, the seating comfortable, and there's always a cool jazz tune playing overhead. When you walk in there are two frosted panes of glass that appear to be for decoration. Time your dinner reservation right, and those panes of glass turn into an old timey black and white movie. A cool touch and great conversation piece if you're into that sort of thing.The menu is well stocked with some seemingly grill-esque favorites. You've got your steaks, your fish, your pasta dishes, etc. Everything is well done though. They also have a fresh menu what seems like weekly with new cocktails and drinks to try as well. I'm usually a beer guy, but ever since I've been going here, I've been hooked on the cocktails. Try the one with blackberries, mint, rum, and cane sugar. So I'm a guy drinking a fruity drink. What are you going to do about it? Last night I had the beef tenderloin with brie mashed potatoes and asparagus. The star of the dish (beyond the amazing piece of meat) is the reduction sauce poured around the steak. It has whole peppercorns and is addicting. When I asked if they could serve me a drink with this sauce, they laughed at me like I was joking. I wish I was. Anyway, the steak is cooked perfectly (I go medium rare +), and the potatoes were delicious. My father in law ordered the same thing, and raved about it. My wife ordered the crab stuffed ravioli and loved it. Awesome that she took what she couldn't finish home so I could swipe one from the fridge (shhh). The ambiance is great, the service is superb and obviously the food is top notch. It's just a little random that it's in what seemed like a condo parking lot. It's all good though. Just like a book, don't judge the place by the exterior, it's what's inside that counts.
5	I'm not sure what took us so long to dine @VG but I'm sure glad we did! We went to VG friday night and what a hidden treat! We arrived and had a cocktail@ the comfortable bar,with a friendly staff.The wines by the glass are of the plenty and my partner had a cucumber gimletand he love it!! He could'nt stop talking about it! The room has a zen feeling to it and you sink into the surroundings! We started with a wonderful selection of cheeses,a goat cheese the chef whipped up that day,a Wis. blue and a firm sharp cheese WOW! Paul Ellis help us with wine to par up,Paul is a wiz when it comes to vino! The wine list is put together to cover everyones taste and pocket book. They have 50 under 50 as part of the list with alot of great surprises! The breads are are a dream, we had a green olive and bacon cranberry YEA!!! We had a beet salad w/ roasted hazelnuts,spinach and a yummy dressing,to be followed by a seared halibut and Alaskan King Crab rissotto! We ended on a sweet note with the house made cheese cake. The whole staff  makes you feel welcome and our night out was FABULOUS! Thank VG we can't wait to return! We'll see you all in August for our 5th Annv.!!!
1	Attempted to take some friends for a special birthday lunch on Saturday.  Some suit stopped us as we entered and asked if we were part of the special party.  No, I replied, we'd like to enjoy lunch.  Alas, things took a serious downtown from there.  Suit guy said "we are only open for lunch on Saturdays for special events." I suggested that Suit note that on the website or yelp, but he said all the information is already there in plain view.  Surely I must need to get my eyes examined, as this is what yelp claims:Hours:Mon-Thu, Sun 11 am - 12 amFri-Sat 11 am - 1 amThere is no mention of hours on the http://www.vglasvegas.com/ website, unless they added them late yesterday.On the ocassions I've eaten here, the food has been glorious, and the service sub-par at best.  Save your special nights out for someplace else.  Finally, I predict this fine establishment going the way of Rosemary's.  Especially with the Suit's attitude.
3	For a long while, this was one of my favorite restaurants in town.  It's elegant but not stuffy. The food was fresh and tasted great.  However, the last two times I've been there, I've been disappointed.  For starters, the  server seemed distracted and impatient with our questions.  It took a while to get our bread. My lobster ravioli tasted fishy, and  they took off their most amazing dessert from their menu- English toffee bread pudding.  Bring it back! Not sure this place is worth the drive from GV anymore. Oh, and did I mention it is very pricey?
5	Seriously the best dinner I've had in Las Vegas. The cheese and meat sampler dish was worth it alone. The menu is huge and the portions are pretty large too. Wild mushroom risotto and pumpkin gnocchi were our entrees and they rocked. I can't wait to go back. Forget the expensive places on the strip. This spot is worth the drive.
2	Located in an inconspicuous office park in Summerlin, Vintner Grill has been a favorite dinner spot of mine for a few years now. Looking at the address and being familiar with most restaurant locations in Vegas off of the strip, one would assume the entrance is facing directly onto Charleston Blvd, but you would be mistaken. Once you finally locate the entry amongst your standard setup of covered office parking spaces in the back, you enter a space rich with modern design and accessories. It might be a tad cluttered, but I really like the space and have always loved everything I've eaten for dinner. This is the first time I've been there for lunch, and jumped on the chance when I saw a burger on the menu. But did it stand up as well as the dinners I've eaten?The short answer is no. As I said I've really never had any complaints about anything I've had for dinner, but I found several things wrong with this burger. First off, the bun to meat ratio was a bit too high, just more bun than I needed. It didn't help that it was quite dry and really distracted me from the meat...which in turn is a good thing, because even though I ordered it medium-rare as I always do, it was way over cooked. The burger was still surprisingly juicy even with it being more cooked than I'd like, yet by the time I got to the last few bites it was very dry. Overall the meat had little flavor to it, but the char flavor it did have on the outside was quite good. The bacon had a really great smoky flavor, and was cooked properly to have a nice crunch to it. The 'homemade' pickles also had great flavor, but were a bit lost in this burger.The fries were another disappointment. Typically everything included with my meals at Vintner down to the sides are always great, yet these fries had very little flavor and just seemed a bit too uninspired. I would have expected a black truffle touch or something to them, but no such luck.Overall the burger did have good flavor, but the dry bun and boring fries didn't help the overall experience too much. While I wouldn't necessarily recommend going here for the burger, I would definitely recommend Vintner Grill any time as a great date spot or just to have a nice dinner.
5	Eversince Nora's Wine Bar (a former favorite of mine) closed down, I've turned to Vitner Grill for my small bites and hang out spot. And what a hang out spot this is! If I can sum this place up in two words, it would be "Super Chic." This restaurant is like the James Dean of restaurants.  The ambiance and decor ranks as the best looking restaurant off The Strip in my books. This place is dressed to impress.  Silent projector playing classic black and white movies at the entrance?? How cool are you and you're not even trying! You know you're in for a good time when the bread basket and butter is good. Forget the rest of the courses, I would be happy to just lounge at the bar, order an Old Fashioned and watch films all day. If only this place is open all day. I just hope we won't have a James Dean ending like all other high end restaurants off The Strip.
3	Good local restaurant that I was recommended by Red Rock valet guy.
5	Thank the lord there is places like Vintner Grill that I can take my Las Vegas guests too instead of the overpriced restaurants on the Strip.  I went here for the first time several weeks ago, and I was completely taken by surprise.  It really is unexpected to find a restaurant like this in an office park.  The place was busy (in a good kinda way) on a wednesday evening.  It looks like a hangout for the young professionals in Vegas.  So the bar/lounge/waiting area is separated from the dining area of the restaurant with glass screens that play movies on both sides of them.  It was an old Humphrey Bogart movie called To Have and Have Not... "You know Steve, you're not very hard to figure, only at times. Sometimes I know exactly what you're going to say. Most of the time. The other times... the other times, you're just a stinker."  Anyway... so me, My T., Thao N, and Humphrey B., were seated at a table.  The bread man came.  And it was served with butter.  By the way, you must go to this restaurant to see how the butter is served, never seen it done in this way.So I had never had wild boar before... so we ordered some with cheese in the beginning.  And we also ordered a wild boar bolognese pasta.  I was a little freaked out at first, but my god, that was delicious.  There are a bunch of small plates, I can tell you what I got, but I would suggest just ordering what fits your needs.  I'm a calamari, beet salad kinda guy.  Have fun!
4	4.5 starsReview is for the Restaurant Week 2011 menu:This was the first time I was at Vintner Grill even though it's only about a mile from where I live.  I decided to give the place a try with its Restaurant Week menu and I was not disappointed.Course 1 was crispy calamari with a lemon and curry aioli and some haricot verts.  The calamari was cooked perfectly and I liked that besides rings they had tentacles mixed in.  The lemon and curry aioli was a very tasty dipping sauce.  5/5Course 2 was veal scaloppini with crimini mushrooms, lemon, marsala and capellini with olive oil.  The marsala sauce was superb in its richness and the crimini mushrooms added god flavor.  The capellini was a bit bland.  It needed some salt and for my taste a bit of grated cheese to bring out the richness of the olive oil.  4.5/5Course 3 was a dessert of a gorgonzola panna cotta with a cherry compote and some sesame tuile.  The panna cotta was very light as it should be and had a mild flavor.  The cherry compote paired well with the lightness of the panna cotta.  The tuile was placed across the plate in the panna cotta.  Presentation was quite nice.The restaurant is beautifully decorated.  I appreciate the fact that they start dinner service at 4.  I had a reservation for 4:30 as I needed to eat, run home and put my shorts back on, and head to a play at Spring Mountain Ranch State Park.  Service was excellent.  My server was polite and efficient.  The music loop was more for gray hairs like me.  The place was quiet, but it was early and there weren't many diners yet.  I do wish we could dispense with the TVs at the bar, but this is Las Vegas and almost any bar needs one or more TVs.
4	Went here to celebrate my one-year wedding anniversary with my husband.  We had wanted to try this place for a long time, and it certainly didn't disappoint! The quality of food for the price is simply unbelievable.  The food was just as good as any place on the Strip, and much less expensive!  Here's the skinny:COCKTAILS: Martinis were nicely made, and the blue cheese stuffed olives are TO DIE FOR. APPETIZER: I'm not much of a "fish" fan (though I love sushi/shellfish), but the ahi tuna appetizer was ah-may-zing.  Very fresh, seasoned well, and I could've literally licked the plate clean.ENTREES: We decided to split two entrees: the crab stuffed ravioli and the veal scallopini.  As another yelper stated, the crab-stuffed ravioli was generously stuffed with crab.  I think, of the two entrees, this was probably my favorite, though the veal scallopini was pretty excellent as well.  WINE LIST: Simply out of this world!  There were so many options; you can definitely tell their sommelier knows his stuff.  There are options for smaller budgets, up to really large budgets.  We had a prosecco which was rather moderately priced, and it was delicious.  DECOR: Old Hollywood glam.  Reminds me of the Cosmo's decor in a lot of ways.  I loved the sleek white feel.SERVICE: The service here has gotten some lackluster reviews.  Our service was great; the server was extremely attentive.  We weren't rushed in any way, and every time we needed something, he was right there to help.The one complaint - which is why I gave this place four stars - is that other than a "Happy Anniversary" as we were leaving the place, our special occasion wasn't even acknowledged.
4	Vintners rules.  The room is beautiful.  Reminds me of a chic, Southern plantation with the white beadboard ceiling and checked, wood floors.Great wine and cheese selection.I love the bouillabaisse.  I get it every time.  Yum!Only gripe is that the menu doesn't change very often and I'm not a fan of the poker machines at the bar, my preferred place to sit.
3	The restaurant is very hip and cool. My husband and I took my Mother and Father there.  We enjoyed our dinner and wine.  Our table was a bit awkward.  I felt that we were in the "hallway" but we did make last minute reservations.  The service was slow.  However we never felt rushed and our meal made up for the service somewhat.  My parents live in Hendersen so it was out of our way but we were glad we made the trek.  The hostess was lovely and elegant and definitely added a touch of glamour to the place.
3	Had dinner here a few nights ago, overall it was nice but I certainly didn't leave thinking it was all that. Spent a while looking at the menu. For one there are no capitol letters and the font can't be any bigger than size 10 so I sort of found it difficult to read. Secondly, nothing really sounded that good, maybe they switch it up often. Girlfriend had some sort of girly pear drink in a martini glass, this probably stood out the most. It almost tasted like drinking a fresh pear but with a little booze, quite good. On the other hand, my Coors Light tasted like beer. Several different artisan type breads were offered, we tried a couple, I like the pretzel one the best. For dinner I had the mushroom risotto and GF had a steak. Risotto was fine, GF's steak came pre-cut up into little pieces. Is this supposed to be for the dog? We both thought that was pretty odd and basically cheating if they're trying to see how well they cooked it. To wrap it up, we had the tiramisu. Our waiter said it was the best ever (I hate it when wait staff say that). It was good, I mean it's not like I'm not going to eat a big cup of tiramisu but it was by no means the best ever. It was on the dry side actually. Mph, we tried it but I don't think we will come back.
1	Now that I have been forced to eat here twice, I'm compelled to update this review because I feel like unsuspecting out-of-towners could be convinced by people who live in the vegas suburbs but who've never been anywhere else (like, perhaps, the strip) that this is a decent place to eat.The food here could be compared to a Baja Fresh (except not very fresh) or Olive Garden or slightly more sophisticated TGI Friday, but the atmosphere is desperate suburban cougars at the bar and sloppy men in suits.  Plus you pay 10 times the price of Baja Fresh to eat next to the angriest, saddest people you have ever seen.  And the poor servers are angry, too: I can't think of another reason why they would be so indifferent (at best) and hostile.  The service here is about the worst I've had, anywhere. (Twice now.)  At least at TGI Friday, I imagine the servers care whether you enjoyed your disgusting, chewy calamari.If you are forced to stay in Summerlin, either eat at In-N-Out or do yourself a favor and take a taxi in to the strip.  (DO NOT eat at your hotel -- but you probably already know that.)
5	I came here for lunch last Friday with some friends and absolutely loved it! It is hidden away in an office park and has lots of parking. Both inside the restaurant and the outdoor seating looked very nice, but since it was a nice day we sat outside. I loved sitting on the couch area with lots of pillows. Our waiter was very nice and patient with us (we were very indecisive with our food!) and gave us good recommendations when we asked. I tried the chicken dish and it was probably the best chicken ever! It was so tasty and fell apart so easily so it was easy to pickup. There was also some sort of macaroni and cheese sorta dish, which was okay. I wasn't too crazy about the macaroni and cheese though the chicken changed my life! After our lunch, we had three cheeses which were extremely yummy as well.Overall, the service was great (I never had an empty glass), the food was amazing (everyone at the table enjoyed their meals and had leftovers to bring home), and ambiance was relaxing. I definitely would like to return on my next trip back to Vegas. Oh, and the women's bathrooms were very clean as well!!!
5	This is Summerlin's gem. :)The decor is fabulous with a very hip vibe. The service is as good as it gets and the food is fantastic. They have a really nice outdoor seating area too with cabanas and fire pits. I have been there a few time and always had a great experience. I had the chopped salad as an appetizer (really good) and the vegan portobello picata. I have to say this: it was one of the best dish I ever had!My boyfriend has fried calamari and a new York steak  and the lemon cheesecake, he also really loved his meal. Unlike a lot of nice restaurant, the portions were pretty big and we were sooo full after our meal. It was our 1st year anniversary as a dating couple and we were really glad we went there. I am already looking forward to my next visit.
5	CLASSY ALL THE WAY!Our dinner was AMAZING. The Fig Bruschetta was INCREDIBLE. So much yumminess in one bite.The blueberry lemon meyer cheescake was SO good. The decor of the place is very classic, with old black and white films playing in the background. It sets the mood so well.This is a must try, for EVERYONE!
4	I have sadly only been here once. We stopped in on Valentine's Day for wine before heading to Nora's for dinner. The bartender was extremely knowledgeable and very personable.The decor is absolutely beautiful and very elegant. The fire pit on the patio was gorgeous and seemed like the perfect warm summer evening retreat. I cannot wait to think up a special occasion and come back for dinner!
2	I'm not really that contrary. The food's good, but inconsistent. The service is either intrustive (I am so tired of server's asking me two or three times, "Is everything alright?" If it's not, I'll d****** well tell you), it's noisy at times, slow and for the money, go to Bouchon or Prime. And, yes, we've eaten there a half dozen times, but no more.
4	I had a nice meal here the other night.  Service was very good.  Sea scallops were delicious.  Reasonably priced wine list.
5	Expensive, but awesome! Food is so so so good!  We love this place.
4	4.5 StarsI've been asking my significant other to take me to Vintner Grill for a long time....and some how we always forget about this place when we have date night. Anyways, I finally made it on a busy Saturday night with reservations!! I've only been to Vintner for a wine event so I was really excited to try the food. We started off with some drinks....I ordered the Tropical Paradise I think that's the name....and let me tell you that drink alone will make me go back! For an appetizer, we started off with the 3 selection, 2 different cheese and prosciutto. Pretty delish! For dinner, I decided to order the scallops and the husband ordered the Chicken with Mac and Cheese. We decided to do a half order of the Bolognese Taglietelli! (I love that they can do half order for you). My scallops were good, but nothing to run home and Yelp about, the chicken and mac and cheese were definitely a better choice between the two. The pasta was delicious, but kind of tasted like chow fun (dry style). I liked how they had big chunks of lamb, but its definitely more Asian influenced, still delicious! We were too full with dinner to order some dessert, but I know we will be back! Service was good, the place was packed for a Saturday night and I can't wait to get the Tropical Paradise! YUM!!!!
5	Beautiful atmosphere. Great access. Food is great and consistent. A locals favorite.
4	My BF surprised me with NYE dinner here. We had reservations for 8:45pm. We showed up early and weren't seated until almost 30 mins after our reservation. I get that reservations aren't precise, but the wait kind of defeated the point of making a reservation. And we only got updates when we went up and asked. So that was a little bit frustrating.Once we were seated, the service was great, especially considering the crowd. The atmosphere is awesome. I loved the decor. Light and open, but still romantic and nice. It felt very NYC to me.I appreciated that they had both a prix fixe menu as well as the regular menu offerings. We opted to basically create our own shared 3-course meal. We did the calamari, followed by the crabcakes, followed by the beef tenderloin. And they were very nice about splitting the plates for us.The calamari was fabulous. Great breading. The lemon curry dipping sauce was phenom! The added curry was so unique and went splendidly with the calamari. Thank you Yelp reviews for the recommendation on the calamari - it most definitely did not disappoint. (5 stars)The crabcakes were good, but not memorable. I liked that they were small and extra crispy on top. Aside from that, though, I've had better. (3.5 stars)The beef tenderloin was superb. Tender and juicy and cooked just right. And the peppercorn sauce was done just right and was the perfect compliment to the meat. The asparagus was good. The brie mashed potatoes were amazing! (5 stars)All in all, it was a great meal. We never felt rushed and we enjoyed each course. I would most definitely eat here again.
5	5 lbs!!! I am 5 lbs heavier now than I was before walking through those doors & seeing Casablanca on the wall. The Mrs. and her business partners (party of 12) got us a private room (separated by curtains).We did begin our evening by the bar. I got the pear martini. Rather than using pear infused vodka, it actually had sandy pears blended in it. It was superb!!! The Mrs. got the strawberry caipirnha. It was pretty good, not too strong with more of a strawberry jam like flavor.Appetizers:moroccan spiced lamb spare ribs with apricot glaze and carrot-almond slaw $13. It was so tender and rich. I would've been happy with that as a main course.crispy calamari with haricot verts, lemon and curry aioli = Yelpers seemed to have inconsistent results with this, but ours was so tender! It was perfect with that curry aioli.white bean hummus with olive relish and spicy pita chips = It was crunchy grilled pita chips with plenty of olive relish, not enough hummus. treviso caesar salad wrapped in prosciutto with egg and reggiano = not your traditional salad.Beet Salad = two types of beets was a nice touch. Perfect salad with the right amount of crunch from the toasted hazelnuts.Entrees:Moroccan braised lamb tagine with couscous. It stood out when the tagine was brought out steaming from the chimney and the lid was lifted. The lamb was rich and tender. It was a bit salty though. I felt like it should've been served with more couscous for at least 2 people to share. (I polished it off, but it took effort). DessertBlueberry - Meyer Lemon Cheesecake wasn't dense. It was so creamy. Tiramisu = comes in a large coffee mug. It was fantastic! Instead of the traditional lady fingers. They use layers of chocolate cake. It was more about chocolate, then coffee notes, then the marsala. I personally like it in reverse order when I make tiramisu. But it was awesome.Keylime tart = wasn't a fanall the desserts are enough to be shared by two in my opinion. As we were leaving, one couple's car, who had valet parked, was already waiting for them. Rather than handing a ticket and waiting like everywhere else, they paid attention to us leaving. We were all very impressed. It was the perfect end to the perfect dinner.
5	Best in Summerlin for my taste buds.
4	I have been a fan of Vintner's for the past 2 years, always recommending this place to my out of town visitors with great results.  But I have to take a star off for the snooty attitudes of a few of the hostesses, as well as inconsistent service at the bar.  The food has always been spot on for me, and we have tried just about everything on the menu.  But on several occasions, the girls were a bit uppity, which doesn't sit well with me...seriously, why do some of these service industry workers think this is acceptable?!?  And a few times at the bar, the bartender had given less than attentive service.  I no longer sit at the bar for this reason...and I like to play video poker.  Oh well, I will still keep coming back for the ambience and food.
5	Perfection at its simplest. Frank Sinatra would have loved it here and lets not forget the food! Simple to complex, cheap to expensive and savory to sweet. Great for appetizers and drinks or even a multiple course culinary excursion. Do yourself a favor and get the Lamb Bolognese. I am permanently hooked!
4	Out of all the restaurants in Vegas, this is one of my favorites! It's such a great, hidden locals spot. Beautiful decor inside, amazing patio with fire pits outside, every bite of food and taste of a drink I have had here are absolutely wonderful. With all of this gushing I WISH I could give this spot 5 stars - however... They have an apple brandy that I love and the past few times we've visited they've served it in a grappa glass, which is very small at the top and doesn't allow for the nose to smell, which is a big part of drinking the brandy. We asked the waiter why it wasn't served in a brandy glass (this happened twice by the way). The first time the waiter said that they are very fragile glasses and most are broken, and the ones that weren't broken were being used. The second time the waiter told us that the glasses were expensive, most had been broken, and the owner didn't want to buy more of them. These two times were the last two times we've been, and I'm very dissapointed. It's a simple thing - BUY SOME BRANDY GLASSES PLEASE. This seems like a small thing to comment on, but it is just so out of the ordinary for what we expect when going to Vintner Grill.
3	Went to Vitner for a lunch meeting.  First impression was the location is strange and a little hard to find.  It is connected to an office building inside a professional park, not where you'd typically find a restaurant.  However, if you work in one of the many office buildings nearby, it is probably very convenienct.   The food was ok - not bad by any stretch but a little overpriced.   The atmosphere is very upscale and we saw a few local Vegas celebrities eating lunch at the same time.
4	good food, staff very helpful and nice local spot.
4	Want to eat with the locals?  Then go to this restaurant to have an upscale meal without the uber tourism of the Strip.  Our service was impeccable from the time we walked in  the door. For apps, we had the hummus, a must for the vegetarian at the table, the crab cakes and the calamari.  For an entree, I had the mushroom  risotto.  The server suggested it as a side but there is plenty to eat as a meal. It was wonderful! By the way, they make an amazing raspberry Arnold Palmer.  We were so full, we could not indulge the desserts, so save room because it looked amazing!  The next time, I am in Vegas, I am going to skip all the chef named restaurants on the Strip and head further out to the suburbs (9 miles) for fine dining, a relaxing atmosphere and no sounds of slot machines outside the door. Note: It is located in a office area, so look for the big "V" sign off the road on the right and then turn right at the next street and then another right and drive through the parking lot to the back area for the entrance. ( of course the locals want to keep this gem a secret!)
5	Oh Vitner, how we love thee...  It was our Valentine's dinner date and it couldn't have been more perfect!  :: Love is in the air  for Vitner Grill ::So the location is kinda in an odd spot... That's the only semi-negative thing I have to say...on to the TONS of positive mental notes I made:The decor is super chic, clean white lines and a pop of lime green - it's one of the best decorated- off the strip restaurants in town.  There's a good-sized bar and lots of high-tops if you need a place to wait for your table or just for informal drinks and apps.  They have a really cool outside seating area- when the weather is nice I imagine wine and cheese with the girls out there!!We were seated quickly, however we had an early reservation (we didn' want to risk being amongst the V-Day crowd).  I had one of their drinks, Dragon Flower/Fruit (i don't remember) which was super YUM.  Eric had crown and ginger ale, and the bartender didn't skimp on the crown.We started with the Chopped Salad - tasty, fresh and full of flavor.  We gobbled that up QUICK!  White Bean Hummus, when I think of Hummus, 'plain' comes to mind- however it was the addition of assorted chopped olives that brought it to life!  Then the bread guy stopped by with a half dozen to choose from- We had Olive Bread, pretzel bread, bacon cranberry and brioche- we had seconds!! Eric ordered the Halibut- moist and tender.  I ordered the crab raviolli which was perfect. And then for dessert- OH Tiramisu, it's my new favorite dessert and I've never been a Tiramisu fan.  We will be back, many, many more times to come!!
5	Had dinner there with two friends who live nearby and who had suggested we go there.  Just an amazing place!  Virtually everything we had was wonderful.  Cheese plate, salads, Halibut done to perfection, dessert and espresso to top off the meal plus perfect service.  Go here when you can.
5	Everything was amazing from the decor to the service. Had a cheese plate, drinks, seafood pasta dish, and dessert. If my wallet was a littler fatter, I'd definitely go here more often.
2	Was not impressed with this restaurant in the least bit. Our server was very hard to find throughout our meal when we needed assistance. The bread was not fresh - it had to have been at least a day old. The food was okay, but I felt expensive for the quality. Didn't feel the food was as fresh as it could have been. I don't know if my expectations were high because of all the high reviews, but I will pass in the future on this one...
3	I came here a long time ago when the place first opened.  It was super crowded, they didn't have it together, and we avoided it ever since.We finally decided to give it another try.  We didn't have reservations, which apparently are necessary.  But they do have bar tables which are first come, first served.  So that worked out well.Service was horrendously slow.  This had a lot to do with the fact that the bar area was serviced by cocktail servers in tiny black dresses and impossible high heels.  These poor women could only move in tiny little steps.  I was seriously concerned for their safety.  Also, there were some single diners, who seemed to be regulars, who were getting a lot more attention.  We never got bread service, which kind of sucked.  Everyone else in the bar seemed to. The bussers took our bread plates away after the first course anyway. The servers and bussers seemed frazzled for some reason. Finally, the bar was slow as hell and just strange.We ordered two glasses of wine.  We saw them getting poured into tiny carafes.  Then they sat on the bar for a few minutes.  Then one of the carafes got poured out into the sink.  Another carafe was filled.  Then the carafes sat on the bar again for a minute or two. Then finally the whole carafes were poured into glasses and served to us.  Huh? Our second glasses of wine did not go through this process.  So I don't know what the hell was going on.  And the bartenders need to realize that they aren't invisible.  Stop screwing around. Especially when we want our damn drinks. If they were trying to get the wine to breathe, that ain't gonna do it.  Food was hit or miss.  The highlights were the vegetable chopped salad and the black truffle salami on the carne menu.  The vegetable chopped salad was really unique with lots of tasty vegetables and a nice parmesan cheese.  The black truffle salami was so creamy and truffley.  Gotta track that sucker down at Whole Foods!  We also tried proscuitto and another salami which were just ok.  But it is nice that they offer a make-your-own characuterie plate option.  They offered a variety of cheeses, too.The risotto was meh.  Not very flavorful.  And the lamb terrine was searing hot so it took a while to even be edible.  Once it cooled down, it was ok.  Nothing great.The north side of the bar had video poker machines, which I don't recall seeing on my first visit here.  No one was playing and, from what I observed, the machines just annoyed the people who wanted to eat and drink.  Video poker kind of makes sense given that this is owned by the same group as the Roadrunner taverns.  It kind of ruins the ambience, though.  Then again, most of the furniture and decorations seems IKEAish to me.Something I could try again, maybe with a reservation and servers wearing proper footwear, but I won't be chomping at the bit to come here either.
5	I went here last night and let me say wow! The decor is beautiful and homey. I loved that they play old movies as well. I sat at the bar and the bartender Jose was adorable and attentive. I ordered a black dragon also known as a blackberry mojito. He made it especially to my liking (less sugar). I also had the tiramisu and let me say by far the best tiramisu I have ever had in my life. I hear the food is amazing and I look forward to trying it soon!
3	This place is super cool as far as decor goes, and the food is pretty tasty as well.  However, I am deducting a star for service.  We felt as though we were not welcomed and actually a bother to our server.We arrived 15 minutes early for our 8.30 reservation, and were happy to be seated early.  The hostess and (i'm guessing) the manager were extremely friendly as we walked in the hostess was pleasant and happy as she seated us.  It ended there.We sat for another 15 minutes before our waiter actually came by.  Between that time, plenty of wait staff passed by or cleaned off tables, and no acknowledged us.  When he finally arrived, he took our drink orders and dropped off our menus.  It was close to another 10 minutes until our drinks arrived.  At which point we were still deciding on the dinner selections and asked for a couple more minutes to decide.  And we waited.  And waited some more.  A couple of minutes turned into another 10 and when he finally returned, he told us "we close at 9 so I have to take your order now".  Excuse me?  I was so taken back by the attitude, I actually forgot what I had decided on.  He didn't show any interest in speedy service, so why I should I be inclined to quickly order? Our food arrived in a timely manner and was very good.  We ordered the Crispy Half chicken, Butter Lettuce salad, Beet Salad and Barley Short rib soup.  However, with the salads, our server was way behind the curve with the pepper offering, we were halfway done.  But,they also make an excellent Moscow Mule so that makes up for something.As we were clearly done with our meal, our server passed us by a few times over as he put out napkins at the surrounding tables and did his work to finish the night.  And after rushing us to order, offered us dessert or coffee to finish the meal.  But we already had decided that we didn't want to stay any longer and be ignored.  He "hoped we enjoyed our meal" but I would rather him be more involved with our meal and enhance the experience. Great food, great decor and crappy service? I'm not inspired to come back and would recommend elsewhere first.
1	Horrible place.  Menus on clipboards?  Black and white decor.  Floor painted on wood. Pages of wine.  1 page for dinner that needed translator.  Ordered /salmon not cooked through.  Purple potatoes were crunchy as were heirloom beans.  Yuck!   Never mind the soft porn of couple making out through dinner.  Not sure why management didn't kick them out.  Even martini was bad.
5	So delicious!!We came here on a Friday night for a 7:45pm reservation. The restaurant and bar area were crowded but we were seated right away in their outdoor area, which was also quite full. The weather was gorgeous and the outside setting was very cute. Lots of white decor and the little lighted lanterns helped the ambience tremendously. Service was very good.We ordered:(I'll upload some pics I took of the food)-prosecco-Moscow Mule-proscuitto flatbread-spring salad-intermezzo pasta course (a special that night) which was ricotta filled pasta pouches with black truffle shavings-lamb bolognese-lamb tagineEverything tasted so delicious! I love that the spring salad had a lot of components (beans, corn etc) so that it created different textures and flavors in each bite. The flatbread had a very nice crust, crispy yet chewy. The special intermezzo pasta course was very rich and flavorful. The outstanding dish for me was the lamb bolognese. The shreds of lamb were very tender and paired perfectly with the pasta.As we had several boxes of left over food, needless to say we did not have room for dessert. I will definitely be coming back to Vintner.
4	Very upscale establishment. A little hard to find but a gem nonetheless. Walking into the restaurant there was a very lovely patio that would be very romantic if on a date. I went in alone as I am here on business. I was seated on a very cozy bench along the wall facing out. There were couples all over so I felt just a little out of place. The waitress took very good care of me keeping a watchful eye if I made any indication that I was in need or missing anything. I ordered Veal Scallopini and it arrived very quickly. The presentation and taste were amazing. A little pricey with one glass of wine and just an entree was $45. With this being Vegas and so many places to choose from I am only giving this 4 stars. Definitely a date or business to impress type of restaurant.
5	I love Vintner Grill.  I have been there many times, and always had great food and great service.  I love the look of the place, the clientele, the seating, and the pear martini is the best.  I am going there again next Friday for lunch and I can't wait.  I must admit I have only been there one time for dinner, and the other times have been lunch, but it doesn't matter.  In my experience, the food, service and ambiance are first rate!
4	My boyfriend and I came here for our anniversary. Everything was wonderful and the food was great. We were even seated outside as requested; though, we had to go back inside because our table was infested by little bugs coming from the bush next to it. The inside was just as nice. As you may read from the previous comments, the decor is beautiful and gives a nice, fresh, contemporary vibe. We had the caramelized onion flatbread, prime tenderloin and for dessert, banana, chocolate and peanut butter cream pie. Everything was delicious and cooked very well!Service was good; however, we asked for a top-off for coffee after the server took our payment, but the server never came back. That was a little disappointing. Other than that, everything was great!
4	Great food, great service, lovely atmosphere.
4	Sigh, I so wanted to give this five stars remembering fondly the dining experience from March 2011.  So back we went with picky eaters hoping for a drop dead experience.  Saturday 7:00 p.m. reservations, perfect weather, fun day around town we were looking forward to a great meal.  We ultimately got a great meal, earning this restaurant four stars.  The NY steak was excellent, perfectly cooked with the right amount of flavor and melting butter on top.  The crushed Yukon Gold potatoes were great and I appreciate our waitress telling me how good they were when I tried to sub them out. My daughter enjoyed her Dungeoness Crab Ravioli and some of my steak.  The portions were large and the main course price was high but not outrageous.  The chef was able to make the salmon without any butter for our guests.So why are we missing a star?  Service, Service Service.  We had a 7:00 reservation, arrived at 6:55, did not get seated until 7:30 after waiting outside for 30 minutes.  We ordered a cheese platter right away and I love the cheese options including the vintner grill made cheeses. However, the tray arrived with the smallest slices of cheese I have ever seen and only three small slices of crustini.  We didn't even see a waitress to ask for more of the bread.  While we are on the subject of the bread, I remember last year having a large board of different breads brought out to the table to select from. Included on the board was a pretzel bread.  While waiting for our table I saw many diners enjoying the pretzel bread and was looking forward to it.  When we finally got to order at 8:00 and the bread still hadn't arrived we asked and the waitress brought us a small basket of raisin and nut breads.  When we inquired about the pretzel bread we were told they sold out a while ago (not true since people still were enjoying them at their table within plain view.) Now, I understand economics of restaurants and you can't always anticipate the demand and you have to err on the side of ordering or making too little rather than too many but really, Vintner Grill has been around long enough to know how many to make for Saturday night esepecially when they had a wedding taking up half the room.  And they weren't even at full capacity.I do like the butter which comes spread around a ramikin with two wells each containing a different herb or spice to flavor the butter.After the waitress made several minor but annoying errors on our drinks and appetizer orders, everyhthing settled in.  The wait for our food was very long and we were forced to listen to the longest best man toast at a wedding reception ever.  Even the guests looked bored to tears and the waiter with the cake was waiting over 10 minutes for him to finish.I still love this place but I seriously recommend going midweek when it will be less crowded and you can get 1000 point tables on opentable.  Saturdays they usually only give 100 points.If anyone from Vintner reads this, my tip is give slightly more cheese and bread to put it on, have more pretzel bread, and give us a different waitress when we return next time.As an aside, Andre Aggasi was there and is a frequent guest. We didn't talk to him because we didn't know he was there until the end but he does have a nice car!  Other celbs also dine here so have your cell phones ready if you are a celeb stalker.
4	Was a great recommendation for my wires bday! never even heard of it living in green valley but was very surprised. cool decor and a good mellow atmosphere. Had a good beer menu for a fine dining restaurant (dogfish head) and the food was all great. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a good restaurant and not dealing with the strip. A++++ wine menu.
5	I decided to write a review on this place since I haven't written one in a while. We came here on a Sunday night and had a 5:30 dinner reservation. The front hostess seemed a bit snooty who looked like she doesn't really like her job. Anyways, I must say the decor in this place is quite nice! Old Hollywood classic decor... I felt like I was at a restaurant somewhere in Palm Springs. We ended up ordering crab cakes and the beet salad for appetizers. For the main course, I had the beef medallions with basmati rice, peas, & mushroom sauce. Everything was very delicious and would definitely come back.
4	Vintner Grill has very nice and romantic outdoor dinning area. You are surrounded by plants, candle lights, and fire-pits. After dark, black and white movies will be played on TV walls inside the restaurant. My favorite dishes are "Moroccan spiced lamb spare ribs with apricot glaze and carrot-almond slaw", "prosciutto with roasted sweet peppers, fennel, micro-arugula and white truffle oil", and "bouillabaisse with mussels, clams, shrimp, snapper, calamari, scallops and saffron broth". Price here are reasonable and food comes in generous portions. Vintner Grill is a "neighborhood gem". This is the place I would definitely recommend for special occasions when you are tired of fine dinning restaurants inside of big casinos.
5	I came here for an anniversary dinner one time and thought I had reviewed this place, but I looked back on all of my reviews and saw that I never reviewed this place.I don't exactly remember what was ordered now, but I remember the experience, the service, and that the food was really good. Everything was a 5-star experience. Service was impeccable. I will review this place again as soon as I go in and grub one more time, but I wanted to make sure I got my positive in for this place.
4	Sexy place if you live in the Southwest/East side of town and want to get away from the strip for a fancy dinner.  However, be forewarned that you'll be spending a pretty penny if you decide to go all out.  Still worth it! try to get outdoor seating if you're going on a date, it'll definitely impress.
4	I recommend this place for a date or a power business meeting.  It's classy, clean, has nice outdoor seating, and good service.I had the gnocchi appetizer which was just ok. I went with scallops for my main, and they turned out quite good.  Everyone else's looked quite good, but we didn't have any post bite groans of delight.The ambiance is clean, cool, and white.  Linen cloths for the table.  Good G&Ts.  Unobtrusive service.  Booked through Opentable and even received a phone call confirming my booking.  Enjoy!
2	We were very excited to be able to dine at Vintner Grill on the patio!  However, we were back in a corner with no lighting except for the votive candle on the table.  We all had our phones out trying to read the menu with the light from our phones.  There was another table open with a huge lamp beside it and I would have thought once the server saw our issue, she would have asked us if we would like to move.  When our food arrived, we once again had our phones out using the lights to see.  Food was tasty, but, the bad lighting overshadowed what could have been a very awesome eating experience.
5	Love love love this restaurant! I've been here over 15 times in the past year and have always had a great meal. The house made goat cheese is amazing! Their assortment of bread (particularly the olive and pretzel breads) is one of my favorite things about them. Other favs - the butter lettuce salad, calamari, bouillabaisse and NY steak. Desserts are fantastic too!Also a perfect spot for lunch on weekdays. They offer half orders on some of their dinner items, which is a really good value.Great atmosphere, they show old black and white movies. They tend to be busy on weekends, so make a reservation. The restaurant is a bit hidden, but parking is easy to find and they also offer valet.
3	The food and service were actually very good. The biggest problem was that for a higher end place there was virtually no dress code. Several people in shorts, flip flops, and Hawaiian shirts were at the bar and came in for dinner. Vintner Grill needs to decide what type of restaurant it is.
5	Great cheese program...awesome service...a foodies must visit off strip!!
2	I have heard from several people that VG has replaced Rosemary's (respect) as the best off-strip restaurant in town.  So, I finally tried it Friday.  I was a bit concerned, as several yelpers had commented on the poor service.  I have to agree with them.  Although we were seated promptly, we had to wait a good while before a server came with a drink menu.  We then had to wait a good while to get our bottle of wine.  Although everyone was friendly, it's like they needed a few more servers on the floor.We got a 5 piece charcuterie plate to start.  The 10 year aged cheddar was great, but only had 2 small pieces.  Our table had 4 people, and it was not enough for everyone to really get a good taste.  Some other cheeses (the blue for example) came with a lot more on the plate.  I understand that different cheeses have different prices, but I would have appreciated it had the server told us this cheddar is a small serving, so we could have ordered more or another selection.I had the porterhouses, which was okay, not great.  The star of the show in my estimation was the chicken and mac n cheese that one in our party had.  I will say the wine list was reasonable and diverse.I will not return unless someone else is paying.  I can see why VG is popular, but I will just go to Todd's next time I want to eat well off-strip, and it certainly does not make me forget Rosemary's.
3	The see and be seen place on the west side.  Many have compared VG to Rosemary's (now closed).  VG is much more ambitious and a much brighter space than Rosemary's ever was.  That being said, it falls short on several levels.  Went with a couple of friends and we all tried each other's dishes.  We had skirt steak, bouillabaisse and veal scallopine.  All the dishes were ok.  The steak was cooked properly but could have used a chimi churi or something to brighten it up.  The bouillabaisse was too safroni.  It made it taste a little soapy.  The veal was tender and the sauce flavorful.  We also shared dessert but I can't remember what it was.  Service was good although a bit pretentious.
4	Let me start by saying that it's a bit of a drive from the strip,don't let that scare you away.It's a breath of fresh air,it's the non Vegas,Vegas restaurant.In my opinion you usually can judge a place based on the bread basket.The bread offering had several options with almost as many butter options to boot.Here comes the reason why I couldn't award 5stars.My server did not explain what types of bread were in the basket.His acted like he didn't want to be bothered,as if he had something better to do.My party of two was his only table.My instinct tells me that he didn't think the black people would tip well so why give good service.Good thing the flatbread pizza&tri tip salad was outstanding.Plus,my mom has always said that you can show people better than you can tell them.I tipped him well so that the next black person might get better service than I did.Ashame the food is really something special.
2	Came in here at around lunch time just to have a soda and wait for my next appointment.  Halfway through my glass, noticed that I was drinking it out of a dirty glass....looked like it was used for a bloody mary before...gross.  Then I noticed the smell at the bar.....something doesn't smell right here.
4	Restaurant week 2012. Stop #2. I'm gonna keep this short... It was an early dinner for our group of ten. There was no problem getting a reservation a few days before and the service throughout the night was on point.First up for me was the ahi tuna carpaccio. I always expect small portions during restaurant week, but this was pretty large. It was a whole plate of thinly sliced, delicate tuna with a preserved lemon aioli and capers.  Absolutely delicious.I was all set to order the halibut for my entree but switched to the NY strip after our waiter went on about how amazing it was. The seasoning and flavor of the steak was good but the meat itself was tough. Not prime grade beef at all. But the accompanying potatoes and arugula and port reduction made up for it. Still, if I could go back, I'd order the halibut instead.They had three tempting options for dessert but I went with the carrot cake. The presentation was beautiful and the icing was perfectly balanced and the flavor of the cake was excellent. My only complaint was that it was a touch too dense for my liking. Still, it was a very tasty end to the meal.It was my second time to Vintner Grill and I'm still a fan.
5	This place is awesome. I love their patio set up perfect to have a glass of wine!
2	July 2012we have been here about four times the past three years with various levels of success. This review will be on our most recent trip. There were four of us, one underage for drinking.This restaurant is truly a gift to the summerlin part of Vegas, only wish they could more consistently pull it off.Atmosphere: the appearance of the grill may be one of its greatest strengths. It's located in an office park but offers valet parking. Once you leave the parking lot ou enter what appears to be a green and black oasis with outside seating in three sided tents that make even 90 degree days possible outside. Inside, is the appearance of a lounge with sofa like booths and pillows scattered among them. The reality is that sitting in those booths is uncomfortable, pick a chair.  There is a large bar and bar table seating area when you enter.Service: We were greeted and seated quickly and our waiter quickly introduced himself. Immediately he was very familiar, wanting to call us by our first names and acting like we were buddies. This is not a style of service we desired, so this was an irritating factor that got increasingly irritating. When the waiter said to our underage diner, "go ahead and order a drink, I won't tell." we were less than happy, but he thought it was funny.Food:  we started with a combination cheese charcuterie platter and some cocktails. You select as many cheeses as you desire from a long and very interesting list divided by type of milk. This list is truly a strength. Then there is a selection of charcuterie including boar and elk. We tried both and they were good. The cheeses were all good. They are served with some dried fruit, crackers and honey.  The mains were all fine but way too much going on.  It was hard to decipher any particular flavor. I had the ravioli, which is a very small serving of several raviolis that are a bit hard in the edges. One of us had a dish with apricots where the apricots were clearly not ripe and had no flavor. In fact, we didn't believe they were apricots except that is what the menu said. They have several distinct cocktails but some good old fashioned cocktails would have been appreciated.When we left the waiter said, "can I call you bob" when he saw the credit card. Just too much familiarity. This is a restaurant with hits and misses. Stick to the simpler things for better chance of getting the hits.
3	Not sure if I'm too impressed with this place, great ambiance but the service is lacking and the quality of the food was not consistent.Service:  Started out rocky, with no service for the first 10 minutes.  When the waiter came by, we ordered a bottle of spanish wine (Tempranillo).   Now I don't claim to be a wine connoisseur, but I know what I like to drink but am willing to keep an open mind when a recommendation is made.  So we listened when the waiter recommended a red zinfendel instead, but thought it was strange since he threw out the recommendation without getting a sense of what we planned to order.  We decided against his recommendation, and that's when he began to insult our wine selection claiming it was too earthy (we ordered a tempranillo....ummmm they're supposed to be earthy).  I was not happy with this behavior, but my friend figured there must be a reason, and maybe we should at least give the zin a taste.  So we asked if we could taste the Zin before committing to a bottle.  Our waiter came back with an unopened bottle and 2 glasses, we had only asked for a tasting.  So we made it clear to him again, that we only wanted to taste the wine, and we didn't want him to open the bottle because we weren't sure if we wanted a bottle of Zinfindel.  He assured us that it would be no problem and he was certain we would like the Zinfindel.  Well....we tried it....and I'm sure other people like Zinfindel's, but this one was extremely dry and tart.  My friend and I looked at each other and knew this was not what we wanted.  So we told the waiter, we'd like to stick with the Tempranillo.  Our waiter looked really upset,  after that he brought us our original selection but didn't seem very amicable.  It made the atmosphere and dining experience awkward, which we didn't want.  He seemed a little friendlier later on, but dealing with wine issue was not pleasant.  We were sitting near the register and noticed that they were selling a lot of Zinfindel....so maybe they were trying to get rid of a case.Food:  The quality of the food was not consistent. Here's the breakdown, out of 5:Cheese plate - 5 Goat cheese/hazelnut salad - 5 - paired different flavors that worked really well togetherscallops -  2  - too salty and there was some sand on the scallops so it ended up having a grainy taste; I couldn't finish itBeef Tenderloin - 2 - my friend ordered this and he didn't seem too enthusiastic about his plate either, he also didn't finish his plate.Blueberry Lemon cheesecake - 5This isn't a restaurant on the Strip, but it's not cheap either.  We paid $165 for 2 with tip, and overall the level of service and food quality were not on par to what I would expect from a restaurant of this caliber.
5	Great service and amazing food.  Try the cheese selection, especially the cheese made in Vegas.  Simply the best!!!
4	My wife and I went here let Saturday for our anniversary. Sat in the out side patio which was awesome. It was a little warm but not their fault. I think our servers name was Greg and he was exceptional. The appetizers were IMO phenomenal. Ahi was sliced very thin with a fantastic sauce and capers. As good as it gets. Also had prosciutto wrapped Ceasar. Also very good. Wife had half chicken and I had the new York. Both prepared perfectly. My only complaint was the size of the drinks. Small buckets for a big bucket price. Wife told me they have poker machines at the bar. Can't wait to go back.
5	We dined tonight for the first time at the Vintnor Grill. It was our 24th Anniversary! Our reservation was for 6pm. We were promptly greeted and seated. As soon as our waiter greeted us, he wished us a happy anniversary. He took our drink order, iced tea and a special bottle of water for my husband. Fresh bread was offered and served with butter, olive oil and seasonings. Very tasty. Our waiter created a meat and cheese plate that melted in our mouths. We ordered crab cakes and sweet corn soup as appetizers. Both were delicious. We also ordered the ravioli. Fabulous!I ordered the Diver Scallops with Saffron risotto. Awesome flavor, cooked perfectly! My husband ordered the filet with peppercorn sauce. The room was beautiful with a comfortable feel to it. Very nice, but I would have enjoyed a bit more privacy. Very open and seating is close together. But that isn't a complaint! Just my on personal preference.The food was flavorful, and everything tasted so good! A fun dining experience, and we'd both be happy to return!
5	My favorite place!  Especially good service from Joe.  He was tentative without being bothersome almost down to an art-form.  The food leaves me speechless, and the cheese list is provoking vivid dreams.  If nothing else, go for the cheese and wine because it's the best in the city.
5	We live in Summerlin and this is by far the best dining to be experienced in the area.We have eaten at this establishment for over a year and it is our upscale restaurant of choice.  Definitely start out with a cheese tray.  They serve a splendid selection of both homemade and imported cheeses.The food is excellent and they have a great wine list along with a 50 under $50 list.Service is very courteous and professional.We have eaten there for dinner but we really like this place for a late lunch.
4	We hosted a gathering with another professional firm at Vintner this week.  It was just a casual event with a few appetizers and drinks.  I selected 6 items from the menu that could be eaten mostly without silverware and drinks were ordered as requested.  Our group was seated in the lounge/ottoman/bar area which was great for a group of 16.  The "tables" were really small so once the small bites showed up we had to shuffle some glasses, napkins, silverware and plates to make room but it was expected for the environment.  The group nibbled on the food but I didn't recieve any comments, positive or negetive about the selections...I guess free food is good food.  The drink selection is very large no matter what your choice is: wine, spirits or just something refreshing.  Our waiter Greg was great, he was attentive and very helpful when selecting the food.  The other staff that helped us that evening were also very nice and professional.
5	Vintner Grill is the kind of place you want to take someone who visits you in Las Vegas, and wants to see how the "real folks" eat and drink in this city. And that is exactly what I did recently with my mentor who gave me my first job when I moved to Vegas.The atmosphere was all buzzing when we arrived as many were gathered around the bar area.  The dining room was filled with a diverse crowd and all seemed to be happy with the elegant dishes being presented and the expanded wine and signature drinks being poured.Each time I come here with a new guest, the same reaction is witnessed..."Wow!"  And Vintner continues to impress as the wait staff offers their assortment of dinner rolls and oil/butter and the main waiter welcomes you by informing you of the specials of the evening.  Our particular waiter was Greg who had only been with VG for a year yet his knowledge of the menu, executive Chef's bio, wine pairing recommendations  and history of the restaurant would make you think he  enjoyed senior status.  Greg constantly checked on us without being over bearing and ensured our cocktails/wine were always filled. While some of the seating arrangements appeared to be close to one another, the conversation you have with your guest weren't interrupted with neighboring guests.There are so many items to select off the menu and each is delicious depending on what you happen to be in the mood for. I have enjoyed the halibut, the free-range chicken, the prime beef tenderloin and the lobster cannelloni on various visits and I look forward to expanding my cravings to the other items featured.The price you pay for an incredible evening here is substantially less than a place on The Strip, and the service is so far above most dining establishments.If you want to impress your guest or just pamper yourself with food, drink and attentive service then visit Vintner Grill....and often!
4	Vinter Grill is one of my new favorite local restaurants! We need more restaurants like this in Summerlin area.  The staff is professional and provide excellent service. The food was tasty; much better than I had expected. Will definitely go back for more!
5	Vintner Grill is amazing, end of story.But to elaborate...The service is fantastic, attentive but not overbearing.The food is to die for.Th ambiance is perfect for a date, if you are willing to go somewhere on the spendy-er side. Classy, yet relaxed. I ordered the:-Braised lamb short ribs. They had a  fruity Moroccan flavor to them, which was perfect.-Potato and pancetta flat bread. This was interesting, but in a good way. The potatoes gave it something different than a regular ol' flatbread. The pancetta was crispy and gave it a little kick.-Beef stroganoff. I don't know why I ordered this because usually I don't like beef stroganoff, but thank goodness I did because it was beyond delicious. The meat was tender and so flavorful, the pasta tasted homemade.. My mouth kind of waters thinking about it. It was that good. My only complaint was there needed to be more meat in the dish.Overall, Vintner deserves 5 stars and more in my book. I completely agree with the person that says its the kind of place you want to take tourists to show them what Vegas is really all about. The place makes you feel cool, like Frank Sinatra cool. Then you try the food, and you really fall in love.
5	Love this place...I like that it is strangley situated in a business center, and I drove around like a fool before finding it. I first spotted the outside patio area, it was very Miami, white curtains flowing, comfy patio furniture, there was a wedding party there and it looked so fashionable, like out of a magazine. The inside decor was a mixture of contemporary/modern Pottery Barn-esque with a splash of beach feel, I liked the little nooks built into the wall, it was like just a little bit of Morocco thrown in as well. Ok onto the food, the first time I went there I did a cheese board and some wine, they have a great cheese selection and I really enjoyed my order. Second time I had split 2 entrees with my friend so we could try both, we ordered the halibut with cous cous, spinach, toasted orzo, lemon gremolata and sweet tomatoes, I politely asked if they could hold the butter, and the server was very nice, didn't give me a hard time, this dish was wonderful, halibut was cooked to perfection, definitely recommend, the show stopper though was the bouillabaisse with mussels, clams, shrimp, snapper, calamari, scallops and saffron broth. This was so delicious, comparable to cioppino, but the saffron broth gave it a different twist. The calamari was outstanding. Service was outstanding, our server was very attentive, my water glass was never empty, they continually came around to give you more bread, oh the bread....awesome bread basket....carb addicts dream. The is a place I wouldn't hesitate to take out of towners or recommend to locals.
5	Little expensive, but perfect for a date. Such a cool little hidden place. They have black and white movies playing all the time. The patio is a great place for drinks. The best thing about this place is the cheese!
3	The ambience is absolutely fantastic and so is the service.  The food?  Marginal.  Everytime I come here, I couldn't remember what I had the last time...it's quite forgettable.  But last night's steak had me chewing on some cartilage. Tsk tsk!They have a good selection of breads: white chocolate, pretzel, bacon and cranberry, olive, walnut and raisin, etc.  The hummus and crab cakes were good.  The desserts weren't as good as I hoped them to be.I'd give VG 5 stars if they didn't serve food and wasn't a restaurant and rate them just based on interior design.  But unfortunately, this is not a furniture gallery.
4	Who knew this little gem was in my neck of the woods, tucked away in an office park?  Not me.  I must have driven by this place a hundred times and never knew it was there until a friend recommended it to me. It was a last minute decision to eat there when my date said I could pick anywhere, so I did.  Reservations were made on the Yelp site (easy as pie) 2 hours before our arrival last Saturday with no problem. There's a nice ambiance to the place.  There's an outdoor area complete with heaters and a large fire pit.  Inside, there are comfortable chairs and ottomans for the diners waiting for a table. A classic James (Sean Connery) Bond movie was playing on the flat screens with the sound off in the dining area-I thought it was kinda cool.  For starters, we had the chevre goat cheese.  Good stuff!  My only complaint would be that we needed more of the toast that was served with the cheese because we only got three pieces.  The bread service was interesting with a server coming to the table with a platter of different selections for you to choose from and doling out pieces as requested.  I didn't realize the butter for the bread was on the table because of the dim lighting; it looked like a rectangular plate with two different kinds of olive oil.  In actuality, it was a slab of butter with two scoops created for the olive oil.  Of the bread selections, I went with a pretzel-like one and the wheat rolls; I'd rather have the bread warm, but no big deal.  We had the crab cakes appetizer, one for each of us and they were good.  By the time my actual entree came, the Free Range Half Chicken with Mac n Cheese, I was kind of full.  I only ate a quarter of the chicken, but all of the mac n cheese, which was just okay.  Our waiter was fairly attentive throughout the meal and then he disappeared at the end.  Overall, it was a nice dining experience in a cool space.  I'd definitely recommend it for a special occasion.
4	This restaurant was fantastic.  The ambiance was amazing and has a total unique look to it.  What a find in an office park.We asked the server (Paige) to make our 5-cheese selections for us and she delivered.  Goat cheese, blue cheeses, and two salamis.  I am  not even sure what they  were but they were great.Tried the Italian sausage and burrata flatbread pizza and the scallops.  The pizza was super tasty but the crust could have been a little crisper.  The scallops were well seasoned, maybe a little salty, but were slightly more undercooked than I would have liked.  Still great, but not absolutely perfect.  I would definitely here again.  It was great!
5	Beautifully decorated! Classy, yet comfortably atmosphere. The food was delicious! and the service was excellent! I had the beet salad and it was very flavorful, then a beef stroganoff dish with perfectly cooked steak.  The bread basket had a couple of different kinds, but it was cold and a little hard, the only thing that wasn't spot on here.
1	So here are the facts, keep in mind my reservation was set a week in advance for my 1 year anniversary, it took 30 minutes to merely get sat, 30 more minutes to get my first cocktail and starter, and then another 45 minutes after that to get my entree. All the while the large groups of 5 or more are getting sat instantly, served in minutes and catered to. We were ignored and put on the back burner because there were only 2 of us and are a younger couple.   I'm tired of going to a restaurant held in high regard and when we get treated like crap we get to hear excuses like, "well, your table is saved the group before you is just hanging out though and we are double booked tonight". (Snobby hostess that needs a reprimand for her terrible people skills and attitude.) Or, "I'm sorry that everything is taking so long, we are just backed up and I'm not too sure why" (Waiter trying hard to cover up for managers neglecting their patrons.) This is an acclaimed restaurant but can't keep on top of their shit on a Saturday in December? Is that a joke?  My experience was completely unacceptable and I will never ever suggest anyone to go here simply based on principle.   Thanks for ruining my anniversary.
5	Love this place. The service is always fantastic and so is the food!!
5	The food was fantastic as well as the drinks , service and ambiance. Downside  I live to far to be a frequent customer. Thanks for the great food! Hope to be back one day
3	Food is much better then the service. You need to order two drinks the first time or you'll be waiting around all night.
5	Food - PerfectCocktails -PerfectService - PerfectAmbiance - PerfectAnd consistently so!  After numerous visits it is my favorite local spot.
4	This place is Sexy..Wine list is beautiful. The ambiance is really cool and the food for the most part was great. The Caesar was one of the best I have had and the plating is great. Trust me, Caesar for the most part is a Caesar I know, but if you get it you will understand what  am talking about.. I was not moved by a seafood risotto style dish but veal scallopini was pretty toe curling. Our service was great and I would have no worries recommending this place to anyone. I also would like to come back next time I am in the area.  Cheers!
4	I popped in here for dinner with a friend and her parents. This is a really cool place, but my review is a 3.5, but I'll round up because the food was good.Made the reservation via OpenTable, but my friend did too. We both got different times available to us. Made the planning a bit awkward. So, if someone at OpenTable see's this review, get your act together.Ok, now on to the important stuff.Food, very good. I had the hummus, and then a flatbread (pizza type). They have a guy who comes around with about 10 different styles of bread. At the table, the butter is actually shaped as a dish, and has two indents. One contains olive oil, the other...I forgot, but it was good. It's hard to describe. And no, I didn't take a picture. The butter dish thing is also covered in sea salt and pepper for added goodness.The menu is a bit uncomfortable. The first two pages are just meats and cheeses. The menu is a bit confusing and overwhelming.Our server seemed to give us a little attitude when we asked questions about how the first two pages of the menu worked. He then went into a routine about the menu, specials, etc. It was very rehearsed and the conversation didn't really feel natural. It didn't feel like he was offering or sharing any useful info. This is the only reason why I say it was a 3.5 star experience.Also, when I had some leftovers, I asked for a box. The look on the servers face was as if I had offended him.I'm making this review sound way more negative than it should be. I had a very nice meal here, and overall, I'd come back for a nice occasion.P.S. The bar, is filled with cougs.
5	The steak was tender and full of flavor. The cheese plate was tart, tangy, and affordable. The wine was delicious. Even the bread was amazing!The service was second-to-none. I'll happily recommend Vintner Grill to my friends and will be returning as soon as possible! It's well worth the drive from Henderson.
4	Excellent food. Great service.
2	Went with a large group and we each ordered something different to try things out. All of the entrees had a sweetness to them which wasn't good at all. It felt like I was dipping everything into honey. From the chicken, pork, bread, etc. this place just wasn't good at all. We didn't even bother trying out the desserts and when we received the bill we definitely made the wrong choice.
5	My favorite local restaurant, however I don't get here often enough.  Waitstaff is great, and decor is lovely, especially outdoors during the summer months, twice the hostess was a little snooty however food, decor and service outweigh her attitude. My favorite dish is the scallops, and the butter lettuce with brie salad, simply delightful and or course their pretzel bread is to die for.  In fact their simple butter presentation with olive oil is also so good.Their wine offerings are great and cocktails are creative and yummy. I would recommend for date or girls night out.
5	This was a real shocker. I was wayyyyyy out in the sticks, Summerlin lol. I was looking for something good and local as I was staying overnight in the country. Well, this place popped up and I figured I would give it a try because it had some solid Yelp Reviews. Wow.. Wow.. totally amazed by this place. It is in a weird location and makes no sense as I thought my GPS was malfunctioning or something. In a business park like setup. Strange, but this place is a gem. Make reservations as it was packed on a Friday Night, but I lucked out and a high top opened in the bar. So we ordered the calamari, a NY steak, and salmon on rice. Every one was amazing. I am a real salmon snot being from Seattle. I was impressed with the flavor of the fish and the perfectly paired vegetables with rice. Amazing.Steak was done very good and served on a bed of garlic mini potatoes. Very good and it all meshed perfectly. I will hit this spot again and again and work my way down the menu. A great date spot, dressy and high end, so be prepared for it. I wasn't and felt a under dressed. However, I am lucky that my girl is really attractive so nobody really notices me anyhow. So I just tried not to move much and remained invisible while under dressed.
5	Started my meal with the cheese plater and the wide assortment of bread which is always on point. The crispy free range chicken was amazing and so was the service.
4	Service was a little slow, good cocktail menu and great food. This place has beautiful decor
5	This is one of our favorite restaurants to go to. Ambience and service and food all equally good. For lunch I would recommend the Curry Chicken Salad and for dinner the Veal Marsala is wonderful. A wide selection of wines as well. Love the breads that they bring to you and the servers are very attentive. As a matter of fact we are going there today for lunch.
4	I am a fan. This is  soley because of the food and the ambiance and decor.This place was awful for service though. and I mean terrible beyond words.  The level of wait staff doesn't compute with the rest of the flow of this great little gem off the strip!  For example:  "Hi I've never been here please tell me if there's any specific drinks or fun cocktails I should try?"...."Um, no, not really. I can't think of anything. It's got your average bar drinks."....(thinking she might've just started there recently, um, no, she's been there a year!). She also said the whole staff had been sick and that's why she wasn't feeling good and she wanted to throw-up any minute. (true story, you can't make this stuff up). They never brought 2 food items we ordered. She kept coming by and asking if we wanted more drinks then came by again and asked us again - - and I told her she never brought them. This went on 2 other times. It became a funny joke - "Are you really brining them this time?" I would say. Then she walked over and said how are your drinks doing? Me:  "We didn't get them.....again....."   Her:  "Ha, ha, wow I swear I think I forgot to give him the order. What are you drinking ?"  She had no clue. Her boobs were ginormusly huge. She had beautiful long legs and lots of make-up and she said she was the personal friend of the Manager. I don't care honey you need to find another career cuz this isn't your talent. I was appalled by how we were treated but ....She's the bad seed - and everything else was lovely. With that said I won't go on about what we all ate, this is already too long. But, just go and stay away from you-know-who.
5	Delicious food and great service!  We went here for a dinner with a group of 6 girls and the waiter was always checking in with us and we never had an empty glass.
4	This was our Valentine's Day dinner snd it was fabulous The waiter was very nice snd helpful the service was great and the food was fantastic.  It made our evening very special. With all the over priced food on the strip this was a treat. I would go there again the next time I am in Vegas.
4	Swanky dinner and drinks with a hefty price tag.
4	had a great time food was excellent.  had prices that were affordable, its a great place to go relax after a long day at the office or to take your better half out for a nice evening.  also them having gaming made it all the better!
5	Although it seemed very far and like it was in the middle of no where, I loved this place a lot! The ambiance is very romantic. We started off with burrata insalata. We actually didn't even know what it was, but just ordered it. The cheese was very rich in flavor and the dressing was just enough to not over power everything that was in it. We also had the italian sausage flat bread which was also good.I had the pacific salmon with maine lobster. I loved how the lobster was hidden in each bite under the fish. The fish was cooked perfectly, and the sauces also weren't over powering the salmon and lobster. I was a big fan of the corn. I just love corn in my food. It made it perfect!We ended with the strawberry shortcake dessert. It wasn't too sweet, and it came in a cute little glass. Service wasn't amazing and extravagant, but the waiter was very knowledgeable and knew what he was talking about! Definitely will go back.
5	We've gone back to Vintner Grill a few times but wasn't really compelled to write an update to my original review until now. Our server this evening was O-Tash (sp)  who was absolutely fabulous. Just the right amount of professionalism, personality, wit and friendliness. His timing was impeccable and recommendations spot-on. The Lamb Bolognese was delicious as was the new dessert .. Butterscotch Creme Brulee. YUM! It's nice to see that this beautiful venue has finally blossomed into a 4-5 star restaurant.
4	delicious! the food was great and beautifully presented but I was definitely less impressed with the service. We made a reservation, which obviously wasn't necessary because the place was half empty, but that's besides the point. We waited for a good while at the host stand ungreeted (how do you not have a hostess?) until a server came up to seat us. He didn't ask about our reservation but took us to a nice table. Took a while to get water service and the server wasn't super educated on the menu. I had questions about the cocktails and all he could say was "ya they're good, you'll like it" and things like that. Don't get me wrong he was very friendly but when cocktails are 15$ and entrees start at 40$ you should have an idea of what you're talking about! other than that the food was delicious and came out in a timely manner. The ambiance was nice and quiet, definitely a great place for a date! Will definitely visit again and hope that their service is a little more on point this time!
4	Restaurant week hide away in Summerlin find it Great restaurant. Had all three menus: Bread service was presented very well the bacon cranberry is a must the butter is awesome the salted/ peppered olive oil rosemary and a red pepper olive oil. Baby Gem' Wedge' Gorgonzola Bacon Dressing Poached Pears Crisp Pancetta Candied Walnuts. Very well balanced and refreshing.Pumpkin Gnocchis with Prosciutto Di Parma Pears Gorgonzola Hazelnut ButterVery flavorful light everything paired well.Seared Halibut with Couscous fresh Spinach toasted Orzo Lemon Gremolata and baby Tomatoes. Halibut was seared perfectly the fresh spinach is the couscous was a great add of texture. Well done.Half Crispy free range chicken with Triffle Honey Mustard glaze Cavatellie. This dish was delicious. Durhan Ranch Wagyu Sirloin with Parsnip Puree Baby Vegetable and Balsamic Port Reduction. Rich and flavorful great for the beef eater.Vanilla Bean Panna Cotta Raspberry Gelee Rum Anglaise Raspberry Coulis. To much gelatine in Panna Cotta.Blueberry Meyer Lemon Cheesecake Blueberry Compote and Candied Lemon Cinnamon graham cracker crust. Crust to thick and not crisp. Berries are out of season.    Trifle with fresh berries Vanilla Pastry Cream pound cake House made Granola. This is like strawberry shortcake the pound cake is soaked in brandy simple syrup.then layered in a glass. flavors are good.Our server Jeff was wonderful he had everything so we could share. He was very attentive and he was knowledgeable of the menu. The martini are delicious also.
3	While the location looks good from the outside the decorations inside leave me looking for a renovation. The hostess was professional and very fast to seat us for our reservation. The waiter was prompt with service in the beginning but then kind of disappeared for long periods in between meals. When bringing out the soup for the appetizer they forgot the key necessity which was the spoon and then it took a few minutes just to get a hold of someone to bring us one. The waiter continued to disappear for minutes again and we found ourselves looking at empty plates at our table. The food was good; nose level was acceptable; the desserts were Ok.
5	Spring Restaurant Week 2013:Day 3 on my intense culinary trek. This was a last minute substitution because our intended restaurant was closed on Sunday- Monday. It must be divine intervention! I would have missed out on this amazing journey.From start to finish it was a splendid experience. A friend and I came directly after work. We got there half an hour early for our reservation and sat at the bar. I tried the Capone's Rye. It is one of those cocktails that gets more intense the longer it sits. As it adjusted in temperature, the more I can taste all of the alcohol. It is a true martini in nature. All alcohol and very little filler. Rye whiskeys are making a comeback and I want to get into them. Maybe next time I will take baby steps. One cocktail was more than enough for me. When our third person came, we were sat promptly. We decided to all do the special menu. The online version made it seem like the diner had to choose between three set menus. When looking at the paper, it is all presented as a mix and match of your liking. We decided to skip the beef barley soup and opted for two pumpkin gnocchis and the wedge salad. Smartest move EVER! The gnocchi was hands down the best dish of the night. Our server was considerate enough to split anything that could be divided. The pumpkin gnocchi tasted like fall. All the traditional spices; cinnamon and nutmeg is present in them. The proscuitto and blue cheese added a nice saltiness. The bitterness from the arugula gave the dish a nice contrast in texture. The same could be said about the roasted hazelnuts. Sweetness came in the form of poached pears. The wedge salad was also very good. Just not as good as the gnocchi. In hindsight, we should have all just got our own plate of that.We then ordered one of each entree. The truffle glazed chicken had a beautifully brown and crisp skin. The glaze is slightly sweet and complimented the savory mac and cheese well. I was shocked by how moist the chicken was. The steak over a bed of pureed parsnip was decent. The veggies and parsnip was my favorite part. Why not puree other root vegetables? Especially sweet ones. Potatoes are a thing of the past. The halibut was also another item I was thoroughly impressed with. It was cooked to perfection. The outside seared crispy and the center moist. I devoured my piece and the couscous within minutes of it hitting my plate.One of my dining companions and I was not as enthusiastic about the desserts. All of them were not seasonal selections. They had a berry theme to them, They were still decent. We were so stuffed by this point that it did not even matter. The trifle with strawberries was the highlight offering. The lemon blueberry cheesecake was second. The panacotta had too much gelatin in it. It was stiff.
4	Why doesn't every office park have a quality restaurant?  Come to think of it, why don't I work in this office park?I have been here a few times before for drinks, and a couple other times for dinner a while back...but restaurant week brought me back.  Vintner Grill is a classy, upscale...perhaps even romantic kind of place with nice decor and a distinctive feel.  I also like that most people are dressed up a bit more than at comparable places...it adds more charm.I know that I am going to get a quality product here with good service.  The flavors will be solid, but they also aren't going to push the creative envelope too far here either.  I am generally looking for something a little more adventurous/creative when I dine at this price-range, but I'd come back to Vintner for a consistently good meal.I enjoyed the pumpkin gnocchi, and the parsnip puree, and the halibut.  I'd do these again without hesitation.
1	Second Try of this place on Friday 3/22/13  = A total bomb.  What's the deal? The service is beyond awful.   I had reservations. We arrived 20 early to be prompt. Hostess sent us outside to "wait" and it was freaking cold. I came back in 10 min later to ask if we could wait inside or if we can sit where a bar server could take our drink order. She said to go outside. Another 15 minutes...Another inquiry and 15 minutes...Still nobody.  She's like huh? What's your name? As we stood at the front door (because we were cold) with no drink a group of 8 came in asking about the place and if they could eat there etc. or get a reservation to be seated. The hostess said no reservation needed and she could seat them in 5 minutes. Um, hello?  After overhearing this I said that we were still waiting we had a reservation - She goes, "What's your name again?"  When I asked how long she said she didn't know.  Observation - LIttle girls who have no people skills shouldn't be working at an establishment without proper supervision.  She then was super confused (why? there was nobody else waiting - she kept seating everyone immediately that came in....)  then said she didn't know if we could get a table yet.. When asked why the party of 6 was able to get seat when they walked in she said they had reservations. LIAR. ...Liar panties on FIRE. I am not sure why the game playing or unorganized servers. But, we sat at the table in the bar area. Food was okay. It was so dark even with my phone light I couldn't read the menu. I observed how this place was working and it seems like those who knew her and she knew their names were getting seated asap. If this is a local "cheers" type place that's fine but you have to know I have told over 30 people this story and I haven't told you how bad our waitress was yet....Don't bother wit this place it's just not worth the hassel or your energy fighting to get a popularity button of approval from Miss Thing at the Hostess With the Mostess Station.  AKA Gatekeeper.
2	Based upon a recommendation from some wine peeps at a nearby wine bar we decided to try seek this place out. Seeking we did. It's an interesting location set inside an office park. Upon entering we were quite surprised and felt a little underdressed. That feeling was quickly quashed as soon as I saw the video poker machines embedded into a portion of the bar. Never can seem to escape the gambling!!The setting has a South Beach feel to it, removing you from the fact that you're in an office Park. Sitting at the bar you can very well see there was some thought put into the space. There is a beautiful outdoor space with a lounge type of feel. A private dining area with a beautiful wine display, and comfortable banquet seating with pillows. I'm a sucker for a place that plays black & white movies on the tv screen too. It's tablecloth dining with sharp dressed waiter and bartenders. And an nice open kitchen to let you peak into the heart of the cooking. Sounds nice right?But then the disaster started. Service was so disappointing. They sat us at a table right next to the server computer station, why would you even have a table there in the first place? We made the best of it, there were pillows so I thought-can't be that bad?! Well it was. I'm not trying to throw anyone under the bus but its easy to see this place lacks any management. I don't think I could even see one around. Water was poured into our old iced tea glass and throughout the dining experience glasses were left empty right until we got the bill. I requested water without ice and repeatedly had ice in my glass. Mistakes happen yes, but then the waiter berated the busboy so close to our table. It made us feel so uncomfortable.Positive: The food! Portions are manageable and priced well. The meat is cooked to the perfect temprature and all the fixings were seasoned so well. They have a pleasant winelist with familiar choices and I feel all the prices are relflective to the setting. I think it makes a great date spot. Just make them seat you far away from the waiter's computer station.I'm not inclined to return anytime soon as the experience left a bad taste in my mouth. But I would have to say its worth a look-see for anyone venturing to this part of Summerlin and looking for a nice setting to dine in with well executed cuisine. Hopefully service will be better for you!
5	One of my favorite places to go for dinner and drinks. This place is so cute and they have a great lounge/bar area.The food is exceptional here. My favorite items are the calamari appetizer, bouillabaisse for dinner and Creme Brulee for dessert. They have the best Moscow Mules in town. Served perfectly, would make Oprah proud. I highly recommend trying one of these.They also have an outside patio that is so gorgeous. This restaurant is in an office park and kind of hidden. It is a Summerlin treasure.
4	I have been to Vintner Grill twice in two weeks recently.  The first was on Administrative Professionals' Day for lunch.  It was packed and the food was delicious.  As is the usual with Vintner, the service was not great.  Our waiter was friendly (when we saw him), but he just couldn't keep up in his section.Hubby and I also went back on a Friday at 2:15 for a liquor lunch, and I must say it was one of the best dining experiences we have had in Las Vegas.  The food was excellent as it has always been.  However, for the first time, the service (by Mark), was impeccable.  Was it because there were only a few tables?  Possibly, but something tells me that I have found my go-to server from now on.  He made great recommendations, and the timing of everything was amazing.  Sitting outside and enjoying champagne was heavenly.Please go to Vintner Grill.  It is worth the drive from the Strip.  Just be patient in case the service is a little slow.  Besides, you never know what celebrity you may see!
2	It pains me to write this, but I am no longer a fan of Vintner Grill.My husband and I were seated a nice table for our anniversary dinner last night.  We ordered a couple of glasses of wine and decided on an appetizer.  In the past, we have ordered cheese plates but we decided to order:*Crispy calamari with haricot verts, lemon and curry aioli ($12)I wish we didn't order it.  It was rubbery and the aioli had a very strange flavor.  After eating two rings of calamari, I had enough of the rubber.  Surprisingly enough, the waiter never asked how the appetizer was. But he did come over to ask what we wanted as a main course.  I'm guessing there weren't any specials of the night, since it was never offered.I ordered:*Seared sea scallops with saffron risotto, english peas, fennel, pea sprouts and roasted pepper relish ($31)-The scallops were MASSIVE and very good.  But the risotto tasted like a box of rice-a-roni (yuck!)  The roasted pepper relish that was on top of each scallop was unnecessary as it caused the inside of the scallops to turn pink, which then makes you think, "could this be raw inside?"My husband ordered:*Durham ranch wagyu sirloin with parsnip puree, baby vegetables and balsamic-port reduction ($27)-He said it was good, but the wagyu at T-Bones at Red Rock (if you can believe it!) was MUCH better.  In fact any wagyu that he has had anywhere else was better than this.We ordered our dessert to go:Which was a trifle with granola, strawberries and pound cake.  It was yummy!There are restaurants in the area that have better food; the ambiance at Vintner Grill is terrific- but that is what you are paying for.Unfortunately, I am no longer a fan and will not be visiting anymore.  Such a shame since I live about five minutes away.
5	One of the best in town. Great higher end dining off of the strip. Food is great along with great atmosphere and beautiful patio area. My favorite restaurant right now. Go you will not be disappointed.
4	We came to Vintner Grill for the first time for our anniversary and also to celebrate our friend's birthday.  We were seated promptly and had no wait.  We loved the intimate but casual outdoor area and the weather was perfect.  We had fun with the dirrerent cheeses, meat,  yummy breads, condiments, and fruit.   We had the tomato salad appetizer too.  My husband had the halibut, our friend had the crab ravioli, and I had the Mediterranian sea bass.  We were all happy with our choices.  Our waiter was great. He very helpful, asked if we had any questions and made suggestions when we asked.  Everything was taken care of and couldn't be happier with the food or the service.  I'm a fan!
4	Went back a couple of weeks ago and it was as good as I remember it.  Pretty packed on a Friday night.  Excellent service and superb food.
4	Great view and service. Great location to have a memorable dining experience in Vegas. Love how you could look out the giant window and see right down the strip. We were there for a company function and the buffet was really good. Only weird thing was that you needed to go down a couple of flights to hit the restroom.
3	Vintner was our last dinner in Vegas and it turned out to be a very enjoyable one. It was recommended to us by a couple we met while dining at Parma.  The restaurant has a beautiful outdoor area with cabanas and seating-very South Beach. The interior is sleek, modern and tastefully done with shades of green and ivory.  Our evening didn't start of well due to the slow service. It took half an hour to get bread for 2 starving people (us).  The bread assortment is delicious once you get it, and that quailed us down a bit.  We ordered a nice French Burgundy to go with dinner.Appetizers:Burrata Insalata and the seared crab cakes- both very good.Entree:I had a seared fish which was perfectly executed, maybe halibut or branzino, can't recall.Dessert consisted of a panna cotta and a trifle. Each one was excellent.Once we got over the initial service hi cup, we did enjoy our meal at Vintner's.If they could raise the service level a notch, they would be 4 stars. Still, I would return if the opportunity does arise.
4	I work in the building that Vintner is at. I have lunch there a couple of times a quarter; I would go more but I like getting away from the office.I enjoy all of their sandwiches, cobb salad, lamb Bolognese, and iced tea.Great selection of wines on tap; it's an elegant place for a happy hour.
5	The best kept secret in Las Vegas!  Just GO!  Words cannot describe...the atmosphere, the service, the food, and they actually offer organic-gluten free Ocean Vodka!  INCREDIBLE would be my one word to describe....actually OVER THE TOP INCREDIBLE...Shhhh!  Don't tell anyone, it's the best kept secret!  LOVE VINTNER GRILL :0)
4	Sometimes pretentious, but a beautiful space. Surprisingly nice outdoor dining area, especially since it's in an office park.
3	Frankly, the food was terrific; delicious, lovely combinations of flavors and textures, nice presentation on all the dishes we tried.  We were seated outside in the gorgeous patio area where the ambience is just perfect for a summer evening.   However, we were completely ignored and waited 25 minutes after being seated before a server appeared at our table, and that was only after my husband got up from the table and complained to the guy in charge of seating guests.  Finally we got some water!  The service we received throughout the evening made us feel as though we were simply an inconvenient after-thought.  Such a shame.  But at least the food was good!
2	The food was perfect.The ambiance was perfect.The service was really REALLY bad.We got to the restaurant, the hostess girl just seemed not to care. I think that's really the best way to put it, she just didn't care, like she's worked there for too long and she just doesn't care. When we got there she told us that the table was being setup, and the silverware must have been flown in from China while we waited, because we waited for 30min for that setup.Out server was even worse. After we got seated it took 20min for him to come by and give us the menus, then another 20min until he stopped by again to take out drink orders and we ordered food as well getting the sense of their pace. Then another 20min for HALF our party to get their drink orders.We had to chase the waiter down for round x2 drinks that were promised and of course came only after another 20min of waiting.Beginning of the night the waiter told us that Vintner is Strip quality food off the Strip. Well on the Strip, Strip quality food also tends to come with Strip quality service.What a shame really. The food was good and the ambience was fantastic. But the wait stuff was so bad it's stupid.I would not recommend this restaurant.
3	First heard of Vintner Grill during my real estate group's cocktail party launch of Diamond Cake magazine. Finally made it around to having dinner here last Saturday. It is tucked away in an office complex off Charleston. The entry is unassuming and easy to miss.The decor is upscale chic modern. We were seated right away as we made reservations from Open Table off Yelp.The clientele that night seemed to be predominantly retiree age with a few scattered specks of youth. Our observation was that most of the women in there looked miserable. (You can marry for money but it doesn't buy happiness). You must come dressed up here or feel dramatically out of place amidst the money crowd. Luckily we came prepared.It took a while for someone to finally come over to bring us a menu and take drink orders. The cocktail menu consisted of old timer favorites with modern ingredients. For such a fancy place, they could have utilized a classier menu holder, rather than a plain clipboard.The selections seemed standard when comparing to previous posts of the menu with some slight changes. One of our favorite things was the butter dish with wells of infused olive oil...a welcomed forbidden treat after a week of "clean eating". The bread selection was very nice as well...get the brioche and try the cranberry bacon loaf. We each ordered the butter lettuce salad with warm Brie. The salad was a little difficult to eat because of large leaves but the encrusted Brie was good.I ordered the Mediterranean sea bass with haricot vert (French baby green beans), potatoes and chopped olives. The fish was fresh and light just like a sea bass should be, the veges were a nice accompaniment and retained their crispness. My wife ordered the veal scallopini with angel hair pasta. I tried some and it was delicious. Lean, thin veal cutlets in a wonderful marsala sauce. I would order that the next time. The wine was a Malbec that was smooth and light. They bring the bottle to the table to pour. The waiter seemed a bit too touchy feely for our comfort but not too creepy lol. Service was slow at some points. The prices are Strip prices without the Strip feel. As a local, I would rather spend my money on a restaurant on the Strip next time for the same quality of food with a little better service and much better ambiance.
2	I come here often because I LOVE the atmosphere however the service does not match up to how amazing this place looks.  The food is always sub par with the exception of the cheeses, the waiters know nothing about the wine selection and the overall service is poor.  This place could be amazing but its not.
5	Our son and DIL had highly recommended this restaurant. Four of us went to celebrate my husband's birthday. We were seated promptly by a lovely, gracious hostess. Our waiter was attentive without hovering. Warning to those who are used to having a quick dinner...this is about experiencing fine dining...savoring the drink..the food..and the relationships of those with whom you are dining. The atmosphere was exquisite, the food sublime. We savored every moment of the experience..never hurried...reminded us of dining in Europe. It is our new favorite restaurant.. BTW the waiters recommendations were "spot on"
4	Woahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!! What an amazing place to eat at! From the second I walked in the door with a few friends we were greeted with a smile by a host named Alyssa. She was completely professional and nice! When I got the menu I had no clue what to order and a few of my friends felt the same way. Our server was named Michael he recommended the Lamb Bollonaise, and what an amazing plate! Even had some to go for the next day! Only reason I gave it 4 stars is because of the distance to my house :( I will definitely be back very soon for another dish!You guys rock a new fav spot for me and my friends!!!-Dustin
5	We went for our anniversary on 7/20/13 and the whole experience was awesome.  We have been to here many times and always have great food and the service is always good.  The whole time our server was very attentive.  And they even wrote Happy Anniversary on our dessert plate.  I love it here!
5	Delicious food and friendly staff. Went for lunch. We started with bread, offered with butter and two types of oil. Next was a sampling of cheese and meats. For the main course I tried the salmon panini. Came with sliced cucumber, greens, and yellow onions. Also came with an order of sweet potato fries. Overall a wonderful experience - I will definitely be back!
5	We love Vintner Grill.  The food is always excellent and we love the meat and cheese selection.  I have noticed that we get better service when we're dressed up (we made an emergency divert to VG one night when we couldn't get to our reservation on the Strip--everyone was dressed more casually than if we had planned on VG), but the service is still very good.  The decor is classy and inviting, the noise level is slightly higher than you'd expect, but I attribute that to people enjoying their dinner companions' company and the food.  You really can't go wrong with any of the dishes here.
5	Prices, portions and a really nice environment!  I was looking for a nice place to eat that was not on the Las Vegas Strip and I came across this little gem.  Nice place!  We sat down in the back at a 2 person table.  We wanted to sit together so they let us turn the table sideways so we could both sit on the bench side by side!  Cocktails?  Huge wine selection.  I had a martini and he tossed some blue cheese stuffed olives in it.  It was fantastic.  Then the waiter brought out a bread tray with a good selection of breads.  I had the pretzel bread and the BACON cranberry.  Tasty!  I brought my lady here because she likes lamb.  I had the ravioli which was good and surprise......  She had the lamb appetizer ;) .  The lamb was a huge portion for the money and she took half of it home!  Great place, great atmosphere, good price for the experience.  I would return for sure!
4	Thank You, Yelp! Never would've found this place without you! tucked into a nondescript office park, this has to be one of the strangest located great restaurants I have ever been to. I have a rule that when dining out, I don't typically order seafood if I am too far from a coast. lake or river fish, yes. SEAfood, no. but this time i broke my own rule and had the Mediterranean Sea Bass. It was actually fresh and was cooked perfectly. So glad I took the chance! The Beet Salad was great ( I love beets! ) as well. My wife had the Pork belly appetizer and the Veal with angel hair pasta as her dinner. We share everything, so I can tell you they were awesome too. She also loved her Pear Martini.
4	The food was above average I would definitely visit again. The portion size was great. I am a big eater and I was feeling very satisfied when I was done. Saw a lot of attractive ladies there too.I should give them negative 10 stars for taking away the delicious $5 breakfast burrito's on weekends. Shame on them for that!!! They were awesome.
2	Disappointed with service.Went here for a special occasion and were quite dressed up. Bartender and hostess were both friendly, but after being shown to our table, were less than impressed by our server "Jeff". He didn't introduce himself, just stopped in to take our drink order, and I'm not sure he smiled once while interacting with us our entire meal. It didn't help that the server at the next table seemed to go out of his way for his customers. I've honestly had better service at the Wendy's. Food was okay, but nothing to write home about.
4	I've been here numerous times. The food is always great. Delicious white bean hummus! The decor and atmosphere are very cool. My only negative is that while the service is friendly it's always slow. I'd definitely check this place out if you haven't but its best to go in planning on a slow-paced, leisurely meal.
4	A little tucked away in a business area but a great place for dinner and drinks both indoor and outside.
3	As usual, the food and service is very good here but can you please refinish the floor? It's really showing it age. Worn and discolored, it takes away from the overall experience. The ottomans in the lounge area also need cleaning or even better, reupholstered. The place is looking rundown and that's really a shame for a high end, Summerlin dining spot.
5	Shame on me for not eating here sooner! Vintner Grill is in a business complex and can be easy to miss, but you will not want to. I was surprised upon entering VG, it had  a modern beach feel to it. The patio chairs were very roomy, comfortable and had pillows. If eating inside isn't your thing they have cabanas outside, but only a couple so if you want to make sure and get one it would be best to make a reservation. If cheese & wine are your thing then VG is the place for you! They have a selection of over 400 wines from different countries. They also offer 30 different beers from around the world. When it comes to the cheese, the menu says VG has one of the largest selections of cheese in Las Vegas! They also have a nice selection of house cured meats. If you are interested in buying their cheese online instead of at the restaurant you can go to the following website http://vgcheese.3dcartstores.com/ to place your order.Out server checked on us often and was very nice. A man came around with a bread tray and offered us a complimentary variety of breads and left some butter and oil on the table. The bread was delicious, but it would be easy to fill up on this stuff so I just had a few bites. After looking over the menu it was hard to decide since so many things sounded tasty. I chose the "Classic Cobb W/Grilled Beef Tenderloin Salad" that had a bacon-blue cheese vinaigrette. This salad priced at $14 and had green onion, hard boiled eggs, hearty blue cheese crumbles, fresh greens and of course the beef tenderloin. The vinaigrette was so good! The beef was cooked perfect, tender and flavorful.  I couldn't stop eating this salad it was just so good. All of the flavors meshed well together and I will happily order it again! I was having lunch with a friend who ordered the "Grilled Lemon-Marjoram Chicken Salad" also priced at $14 and she enjoyed it. Vintner Grill is the perfect place to have lunch with a friend, date night with that special someone, or celebrate an occasion with family and friends. VG has a private party space and also offers catering.
5	This is a great Dining experience for Gourmet tastes !
5	Took some guests from out of town for a nice dinner. VG came through. It was a delightful evening. Nice wine, good cheese plate, enjoyable salads and excellent entrees. My last visit about 6 months ago was probably only a four star visit, but this time Vintner stepped it up just that little, almost intangible bit. It was thoroughly enjoyable.
4	Get the seafood bouillabaisse. Lots of seafood in a flavorful broth served with pesto bread.
4	They have great food and a nice wine selection. It is hidden in an office complex. I did not know the place was there until I lived here for five years. Odd location.
5	i can't believe i haven't written a review of this place.i'll keep it short and sweet.this place is a precious diamond!!!great food, great atmosphere, great service,my absolute favorite (and go-to) restaurant in las vega$$ and one of my top 5 worldwide!
5	mmmmmmmmmmmmmm good , but they need to get MOSCATO!!!!! WTF
5	I was fortunate enough to come here by attending a coworkers bridal shower and I absolutely love this restaurant. Food was delicious and the ambiance was amazing. The service was top notch and I can't wait to go again, possibly for date night! It is reasonably priced which is a great thing in this economy!
5	Love love love VG! I've been here a handful of times now and it only seems to get better each time. Dinner is better than lunch, (although lunch is nice). Some highlights include the blueberry lemon cheesecake for dessert-- one of the best desserts I've had, ever... not too sweet and not too heavy, just so so good. Likewise, they have a dill/gin cocktail concoction that is equally as satisfying, no ingredient outshines the other. Oh, and yes, the place is full of cougars, which does nothing to boost the rating from my end, but raises the allure of VG substantially for all of my male friends. XD
5	Had such a nice dinner on their patio area. Great service by the waiter Misto it sounded like was his name.  The lamb chops were divine and the squash soup was perfect.  The Artesian Cheese selection we all shared was delicious!!!   Saw some reviews about the calamari.  It is one of my favorite calamari's I have ever tasted. They deep fry slices of lemon and Verts (green beans) with it. Wow it is tasty. I always think calamari is a little rubbery... Even at Joe's by Caesars or the best 5 stars. The little round circle pieces are a bit chewy. We Love Going to Vitners and the patio in October with the heaters make it a great Fall experienceIf you get any attitude ... Ask for the manager ... They are very responsive if they know there is an issue.
5	I'm giving this place 5 stars for the food--it was that good. The service was a little off when we went. People were running around, our waiter forgot to put in our drinks, and our we had to ask another guy to take our order. However, like I said-- the food made it all worth it. For apps we had: pork belly, and the cherry tomatoes--- both SUPER!For entrees we had: half chicken with Mac and cheese (husband)---so moist and the Mac and cheese wasn't overpowering. I had the flat iron steak and it was delicious with some kind of tomato/chimichurri sauce over it. My friend had the osso bucco and risotto and I think that may have been my favorite. It had this great fall flavor like cinnamon almost (probably from the fennel that made it the perfect fall dish. I kept sneaking bites...:-)
2	We stopped in for dinner at the bar and were pretty underwhelmed. It's an off the beaten path location, but seems to be a favorite of locals which I don't really understand. There are much better food options in the area. It seems like a much older crowd and the food was pretty blah. I had the halibut on orzo and fish was overcooked and the orzo was so oily.
5	We took my mother in law here for her birthday, and she said it was the best restaurant she had ever been too. My initial reaction was "well, it's up there", then the more I thought about it I couldn't think of somewhere better. Most importantly, the food was absolutely amazing. I got the flat-iron steak, absolutely tender. My wife got the chicken with a honey mustard glaze, very tender and the skin was cooked perfect. My mother in law got the halibut and the skin was cooked so it was crispy and the fish had so much flavor. I've never enjoyed white fish as much as the halibut here. The atmosphere is of course sophisticated and classy while also being (intentionally) whimsical, as if to say "hey we're fancy but we don't take ourselves too seriously". The irony is, of course, that they do take themselves seriously. And the proof is in the pudding. Literally. Their desserts are out of this world.
5	Since my fiance works for the company I get the pleasures of getting gourmet delivered to me when he gets off work!! I always have him order me the truffle glazed chicken, chicken prepared so beautifully and flavorful it's definitely in my top three chicken dishes ever!!! Next time we'll have to dine in and check out the restaurant itself and explore more of the menu...
5	A hidden gem in Las Vegas.  Located in an office park up the street of Red Rock Casino.  The outdoor is very charming and the indoor is very fresh and energetic.  I go here on our special occassions, Birthdays and special events.  Very charming restaurant.  The curry chicken salad and the choice of cheese and meats to start is exquisite!  If you are looking for a restaurant with amazing food, atmosphere and service, this is the place.  One of the hidden gems in LV.
3	Good Food, however, they will do everything in their power to boost the bill... These servers have been trained like car salesmen.. Pushy on add on's.  Slow to bring bread and covet the bread as if they would not want to miss out selling you an extra.  Brought guests one time and the waiter kept insisting on bringing out a Seafood Platter.  I mean insisting!!!  I had to finally speak up and be firm with him and say NO, Thank you!  You could see his anger...  The rest of the meal... He ignored us.  This use to be the Best... Not anymore.  Waiters disappear...they need to be nicer and give better service to their Bread and Butter.  Management must be the reason... I heard that they have their "RA RA RA meetings to figure out how to SELL YOU... Not SERVE YOU...  Listen up Management!  Your Patron's are smarter than you think!  Try having a meeting on good SERVICE.  Lots of great Restaurants out there...
4	Classy, delicious food, fair priceGreat for Business lunch, fancy date, impressing the parents. Crispy calamari with curry aioli was delicious. Never had curry aioli before but it complements the calamari so well. Get the large version of the appetizer because you'll end up wanting more. Braised Lamb bolognese was melt-in-your mouth good. Generous portion of lamb with a punch of flavor in the mouth. Loved it. Friend had the pastrami sandwich and he loved it as well. Friendly and attentive service. Good open seating. Clean, bright atmosphere. Bathroom is very clean, so the kitchen must be spectacularly clean.
5	On 12-31-2013 we managed to get a reservation at VG ! All three of us had the NYE 3 course special. Of course everything was amazing. Michael our server was also part of this great evening! Great job team VG!
4	i guess this place has been here for awhile and i never heard of it.  We had another Christmas dinner here and i really enjoyed my meal.  I had the scallops and risotto.  i am such a sucker for risotto. Huge scallops cooked perfectly.  This place is in a business complex which was sort of weird but the enjoyed the food and the atmosphere was nice.
3	Their desserts?  Anyone?  WTF??Other than that, consistently good food, while the service can be a bit spotty.
4	Great place in my neighborhood.  A friend of mine threw a private party here.  The food was excellent and the staff were great.  I love the outdoor seating area. If you want a place that is consistently great and has indoor, bar, and outdoor seating, I would highly recommend this place.
5	Tonight my family and I went to Vintner Grill and it was by far the best dining experience my family has ever experienced. Our server was Marcelo and he took amazing care of us. The service was excellent and the presentation was beautiful. Everything we ate from appetizers to desserts was delicious. We will go back every time we visit Las Vegas. If you go to or live in Las Vegas Vintner Grill is a must.  It is not on the strip but it is well worth the drive. Thank you everyone.
2	I have been here several times and honestly, I do love the decor.  Unfortunately, there's just something disjointed about the whole experience.The food is hit or miss so order carefully.  The sweet onion flat bread and pork belly appetizer dish were both great and super as a combination but some of the dishes are just bad combination of flavors.  Also, twice I have gone in and the entire place smelled like 5 day old fish they cooked anyway.  No restaurant should smell like that.They have a robust evening crowd especially on Friday and Saturday and the outdoor seating is nice.  Unfortunately, the waiters tend to forget about you.  The last time I visited I asked to be reseated mid-meal because although it was not a busy night, they sat a couple both drenched in very strong fragrance, next to me.  Not only does fragrance interfere with the taste of food, but it give me migraines.I excused myself to go to the ladies room and explained to the hostess I did not wish to cause a scene or to offend the new diners and asked if I could be discretely reseated inside that way the other diners would just think it was too chilly for us. She did so graciously but to my great surprise our waiter had a hissy fit.  We sat and sat and sat and sat.  I had already dropped a few bills on wine and half a meal but couldn't finish it for lack of service.It's sad to say but I handled the situation with tact, Vintner Grill did not.There are way too many good restaurants within a short distance to waste your time on Vintners Grill if you are a "foodie".  Overall, I think if you not experienced with fine dining or just happy with kind of average stuff and want a place that is a pick-up joint for "the beautiful people" you would like the crowd and the food.  For me...  it's a well decorated version of something Dante conjured up.
5	My girlfriend turned me on to this place.  Been here a couple times now.  Been great every time.  The food is excellent and so is the ambiance.  Would've never thought a place in an office building would be this cool and swanky.  The prices are reasonable too.  Will be back for more.
5	Love the feel of thePlace and the foodWas excellent, a must for locals and non locals
3	Nice lunch spot in Hughes business park on Charlestown.  Business crowd.  Very comfortable.  Food is good,  I've been here twice.  This visit,  the service was poor.  I was there solo and the waiter took more than 10 minutes to come over.  This is particularly annoying when I'm on my lunch break and I'll be having to take most of my flatbread to go.  At the start,  I was offered bread but no butter or oil,  though it's on all the tables around me.  Food is good though, try the lettuce and brie app.
3	Although Vinters is probably the most expensive restaurant in Summerlin, for the right moment, it's worth it.  Tucked into the back of an office park (really) one comes through the back parking lot into..... "Voila!"  Valet parking, white linen table cloths, outdoor fire pits in a tiered outdoor dining landscape, white tented private dining areas - and then a beautiful long bar inside with more great seating, white leather booths, more.  If you were dropped into this spot with no clue where you were, you would guess Miami Beach.  Upscale, fantastic wines, good service and an interesting crowd that is mostly 40-60-ish early in the evening and then becomes the hip spot for the upscale younger crowd until the last hour of the evening when it again calms down and people stop for a nightcap or dessert on the way home from a show, the Strip, whatever.  But great people-watching and always good conversation with some fascinating person/people when I go there to eat at the bar, and I often do go alone.  Food is quite good, although I would say there are places in Summerlin where the food is just as good, perhaps even better, and it would cost you 25-50% less. So you're paying for extraordinary ambiance (relatively speaking).  However, if you are out at the Red Rock Resort (or the JW Marriott) in Summerlin and want to do something fun and different one night - or if you're a local - this is something a little different, and in my opinion, worth it.
5	Was meeting a friend and he suggested Vintners. Upon arriving I was a bit thrown off by it being located in a business park but was completely surprised by the atmosphere and decor of the place. The restaurant is so chic and and upscale that you forget you are literally in a business park. We were given the specials of the night but apparently the "specials" have always been there lol. not sure why its even a special at all if has been. We started off with clams and crab cakes, The clams came with a beautiful broth that paired amazingly well with the clams. Then we had the halibut with couscous and seabass with vegetables. Both entrees... delicious :) The fish were beautifully cooked. The portions were just the right amount leaving us with enough to take home. but the best part of the night. The Dessert! Had the panna cotta.... wow! just melts in your mouth so good.I would definitely come back here and bring my boyfriend as i can see this becoming a date night for us :)
5	We dined here Tonite for our Valentine dinner,  I had the beef tenderloin, it was Absolutely melt in your mouth every bite on my plate delicious!  I just love the atmosphere,  and love the shiny white wood ceilings and the black and white silent movies they play on sheets of glass.   It's pricey but very worth it,  and can't wait to go back.
3	food was great but the server kinda sucked. His service was the topic of conversation at our table for most of the night. With that said, its a great place and i'd go again but I'm definitely avoiding the middle aged balled white guy.
4	This restaurant is a good main-stay for the Summerlin area. I love the lamb or boar bolognese is very very good. Thursday nights are a little more upbeat as they have a DJ playing music. It is hidden in a business park but they offer valet parking. The wait staff is excellent. Very friendly. Will be back on my visits to Vegas.
5	One of our favorite date night, special occasion dinner spots. Romantic atmosphere. Definitely start with wine and a cheese plate! Reservations are always seated promptly. We have come in and simply sat at the bar for wine and cheese as well. Bartender was awesome! By far the halibut is my favorite entree!
5	One of the best meals I've had in Las Vegas. The menu changes daily and offers a wonderful variety of cheese, meats (fromage and carne) and flatbreads for apps.  I had the wild boar bolognese pasta for dinner. Fantastic wine selection.
5	My favorite restaurant in Vegas. The location had me confused the first time we went, but when you walk in, it's beautiful. The food  all amazing. The service is above and beyond. My favorite server is Jeff. We bring all of out out of town guests here.  Everyone loves it. The bar is also amazing. Lots of top shelf liquor and they know how to serve it.
5	A great experience every time we come, it's in a unique area (middle of business park), has classy white and black ambiance, sophisticated bar, and the food is always impressive!  We love the butter and bread too :)
5	Love this place - even just for cocktails - great ambience - definitely a Summerlin secret gem!
4	A solid four rating!!If you read other yelp reviews, they are pretty accurate, the food is excellent!! The service is hit and miss....Our latest visit was pretty good.... we didn't have reservations, and it was a Friday night, so I would have expected to wait for a table, but instead we were seated right away.It was a long time to get our drink order in.... like I said the service is the only reason I didn't give 5 stars.I had plenty of time to look at the menu, so we placed our order  at the same time as our drinks and I think that got the ball moving.The cheese selections are excellent!! I personally love a good hard aged cheese. The prices are good the options are good so def don't pass up on trying a couple of selections.My husband and I shared a caesar salad... yummy!!He had the Osso Buco, I had the Short Rib Ravioli.. both were really really good!! Perfectly cooked, portions excellent!If you know going in that the service might be a little difficult... then I think its easier to deal with. Lets face it, if you are a foodie like me.... you are going for the food... and thats what this place has, good food!!
5	It is hard for me to find a place that hits on all marks but this place did it. Service was fantastic, food was great, and ambiance was great. The menu had the perfect selection, variety of options, and everyone in our large group was happy. I was also impressed to see that their coffee is served with a French press.Can't say enough about this place.
5	I had not been here since 07 and it was fabulous then and still is. I cannot wait for summer so we can enjoy the beautiful patio seating.  Food was delicious and perfect portion size. We had crab cakes to start... light and tasty.Row 11 pinot nior smooth and flavorful.The salmon melted in my mouth.It was a busy night and service was good. Seating was cozy and personal perfect for our first date
4	Our first visit to VG and it was excellent.  Tucked away behind the busy Charleston Blvd, the atmosphere immediately turns relaxed as you  step inside to view a large open area with table/chair and table sofa seating, intimate lighting and bar area.  As their  name suggests, they have an extensive wine menu.  Many high end pricey selections as well as medium price wines. Seafood, beef, lamb, or chicken, the menu has about anything you could want.  Our selections this night: Pan Seared Scallops over Jasmine Risotto and Grilled Pacific Salmon with Lobster mashed potatoes. They offered a Lobster tail as a side add on which they turned into an entree selection by adding sides of potatoes and asparagus to accommodate one of our party's desire.  The sign of a great establishment when they will do this.  Thank you VG.  You'll see us again.One note; we think your service was very good but there is a fine line between great service and excessive service.
5	Tasty food, great wine selection and perfect service!We Will definitely be back to try other tasty dishes on the menu. Nice ambiance For special occasions, date night or girls night out.
4	Went there around 9pm still to find people dinning, but great service and they are open until 10pm. An interesting and tasty cocktail menu. The hummus is very good and they give a good portion to share. I had the halibut and let me tell you I loveeeee halibut. This is the best I've had in Vegas for sure their sea food is fresh. The dessert menu looked amazing, but was so full from the apps and entree I couldn't bare to eat anymore. Great portion sizes! Try this gem out!!
4	I'm not sure why it took me years to try Vintner Grill but I'm glad I finally did. I've been back a couple times since for dinners, and drinks and appetizers, and each time was a unique and a great experience. During warmer days and evenings, I highly suggest sitting outside because they have a beautiful patio. Some of the sitting areas are close to the fire pit, while others are more secluded and would provide some privacy if that's what you are looking for. The inside of the restaurant is also really elegant and nice. It reminds me of an upscale restaurant in Miami because of the predominately white furnishings. Food here is fresh and made with care. The standouts I can recall are: -The bread and butter for the table is amazing. -Cheese and cured meat platter - You choose from a list of meats and cheeses, including their in-house homemade cheeses (if available), and they serve it with dried fruits and jams. -Lamb ribs appetizer is delicious quite a large portion for an appetizer.-Octopus - Perfectly grilled and seasoned as a salad. -Pork Belly - who doesn't like thick cut bacon?-Beets with Lavender Goat Cheese - Love floral in food! I would certainly come back anytime for a glass of wine and appetizers with good friends.
3	VG, we arrived at 7:30 on a Saturday night. This establishment is definitely overrated but a nice meal can be found here. Two stars lost for lack of service and overall experience our server Jim was  inattentive and left us asking for water, bread, and the check from other waiters, busboys whomever we could find. While seated outside we saw a rat in the bushes behind one of their covered seating areas within the walls of the patio it was a bit alarming but I told myself we were outdoors and that can happen. (Wishful thinking) Really I didn't want to ruin our meal. It was there the entire time. When we were leaving I went to put my hand on the railing and there was a roach on it yuck!The food was ok nothing to rave about. One star- very pretty indoor space however the outdoor space is where you want to sit. Lanterns hung from trees and candlelight it's very inviting. Cons they have one tree that isn't lit according to the server it hasn't been for a while, while sitting by this tree it became extremely difficult to see even the servers made comments as they brought our food about how dark it was. Nevertheless it felt romantic. One Star- Food. We started out with a cheese and meat pairing. I went safe with the cheese as the waiter really had no suggestions to offer us. We chose the Fontina with prosciutto and venison salami this was pretty good the meats were the star of the show I wish I chose a sharper cheese but I was still happy. My husband really liked the accompanying jams that came with the plate that was his favorite part of the meal. The calamari was well cooked  however the curry aioli was a little overwhelming and took away the freshness of the dish. I ordered the veal scaloppine and he ordered the NY strip. My veal was mediocre nothing really outstanding about the dish and the pasta was similar to a dish a make at home nothing special. My husband ordered his steak medium rare, it came out medium/medium well. He was not happy. For dessert we ordered two espressos and the Turkish cheesecake. This was my favorite part of the meal mainly because of the honey they served  with the cake was a small piece of a honeycomb. The honey and the blueberry jam were the best parts of the entire meal. One star- Overall it was a nice meal, we would probably go back for the ambiance drinks and appetizers.
5	Came here for Brunch on Easter Sunday. Great service/ambiance. Our table ordered a fabulous cheese tray, hash, lox pizza, banana bread french toast. No one complained at all. So yummy and our server was great.
5	Vintner Grill is a very sophisticated restaurant with outstanding food. Upscale setting with excellent service. I was taken completely away by their maple infused creme brulee....
5	Absolutely love this place! Everything about it.Great atmosphere, gorgeous patio, knowledgeable and efficient staff, great cocktails, great wine list.Amazing cheese and charcuterie selection (Many house made)I make it a point to never get chicken at a restaurant but I can't help myself! Their chicken is amazing! As with everything else I've had.Definitely the best restaurant off the strip and beats a lot of the places on the strip for half the money.
3	Starting this review with three stars as I'm sitting at the table in the restaurant...let's see where this night will end up. First off, the only reason I start it with three is because I can see the potential. Cute patio to the left with cabana, string lights, and posh furnishing as you walk towards this randomly placed restaurant. Once you go through the doors, you walk into a cute waiting area with a black and white film playing against the walls. The hostess was on the phone as we entered so we thought we'd enjoy the time to just appreciate the decor. She hangs up, and then the phone rings again and she takes it. Doesn't bother us too much cause we were still fascinated by the casual elegance and continuing on with our conversation. Then she hangs up the phone once more and of course, the phone rings again and she picks it up. Okay now we're mad. HI, DID I FORGET TO TAKE MY INVISIBILITY CLOAK OFF IN THE CAR OR SOMETHING? So lucky us the manager was walking towards the stand and we knew we would soon be sat. NOOOPE. He was watching her talk on the phone and then looked down at the books while I was still standing there with no acknowledgement of me and my guest at all until I said the first hello. OH ALL OF A SUDDEN I APPEARED and he sat us. It took awhile for the server to come greet us and I was getting irritated to the point that I was ready to place the total tip on the table and slowly take each dollar away so they can visually see how much they are sucking! Sorry, but it was our anniversary dinner (which they were informed of) so I was really hoping for a special experience! This review has moved down to two stars at this point.  Anyway the server finally noticed us and took our order. My boyfriend ordered a glass of McCallan 18 neat and it took them 20 minutes to get it to him, AFTER I reminded the server at the 15 minute mark. I mean, come on, you literally just open the bottle and pour it in the glass. It takes 10 seconds, probably even less. So we're obviously VERY frustrated at this point. To add to this horrible experience, the server is standing in front of our table and starts making comments about killing some guy in the restaurant and bad mouthing him like crazy to another employee. ARE WE ON MYSTERY DINERS?? Cause this service just seems so dramatically terrible. Luckily this place offers some tasty looking entrees that are decently priced. We started with salads - the caesar ($10) and the house ($9.50). I know caesar salads are simple, but I absolutely loved it here! It was basically a wedge of romaine lettuce wrapped with prosciutto and stuffed with three long bread sticks. Simple but very delicious. For the main entree, I went with the veal and angel hair pasta dish ($32) and the boyfriend went with the honey glazed chicken ($22). Skip the veal and go for the chicken! During our meal, the server came by and apologized for his manner earlier and that he didn't mean for us to hear all his negative comments. Okay, that's nice, but that doesn't excuse anything honestly. It's not hard to keep your opinions to yourself or at least go into a back room to vent if needed. Back to 3 stars ONLY because I actually enjoyed the food. Overall I would possibly consider returning because the flatbreads looked worth trying, but I feel like I would really have to grit my teeth on making the effort because the service was extremely lacking...
4	My husband and I love the ambiance of the restaurant. We come here at least 2-3x a month.  Servers are great. Most specially Danny!! He's very friendly, knowledgeable, and very efficient. Knows everything about the menu and we love it!!!. However the hostess was not attentive and unfriendly. I made a reservation through an outside source and she did not confirmed nor check me in so I can get points on my reservation. She did not great us or smile once we arrived. I still give it 4 starts because of the food and the servers!
2	This was our first dining experience at VG. We were celebrating my husband's birthday and thought we would try it. I must say that although the food was very good and tastefully prepared and presented, there were some disappointing aspects to our visit. Without going into a lot of detail, when we eat at an upscale place like VG, we are fully prepared to pay their prices. No problem there. However, when we pay those prices, we don't expect to be seated next to screaming children. If we wanted to eat with screaming children, we would have gone to a fast food restaurant. People with small children need to hire a babysitter, especially on a Saturday night. If they can afford to eat at VG, they can afford to hire a babysitter. VG also needs to be aware of this issue and tactfully tell customers with small children that they cannot accommodate them. I'm sorry, this may sound heartless, but that's the way we feel.In other areas, the food was good, no doubt about that. The ambience was a bit noisy (aside from the screaming children), no doubt due to the fact that the floors are not carpeted. I'm sure carpeting would absorb a lot of the noise. We've gone to many other restaurants at this price point and never experienced the noise level we did last night. Of course, in all fairness, it was a Saturday night. In addition, the tables are very close together causing both the staff and other patrons to unavoidably jostle my husband.On the plus side (yes, there was a plus side), the food was very tasty and well presented. The service was adequate although we've had better service at other restaurants.All in all, we'll have to think long and hard about returning to VG despite its "awesome" reputation in Summerlin.
2	I have been in Vegas for about 7 yrs and while I love the town and the shows, I try to have dinner off the strip.  My GF and I have a very lengthy list of quality off the strip restaurant...just this weekend we took out her mom for dinner. Her mom's choice was Vintner Grill in Summerlin, definitely not a restaurant of our liking.We made reservations for 7:30, when we got there the place was a quarter occupied.  That should have been our sign to walk out.  Here's the summary of our night:* It took almost 15 mins for someone to finally come over our table and offer drink* Typically restaurants will have off the menu specials when we asked the waiter was very short and rude* Drinks took another 15 mins and while the waiter took our order he spilled half of my cocktail on the table.  Did he offer to move us to a difference table or change the table cloth??? NO WAY, instead he quickly said "sorry" and took off to the kitchen.  * I thought he would return with a new drink, to my surprise he returned with the appetizers we had order. * Appetizers really sucked, my Italian wedding soup was very salty.  * My GF got a burnt steak for dinner, her mom's raviolis were OK* The Tiramisu basically had a giant thick hard/old brownie in the middleBetween drinks and food the bill was about $300, I was so pissed off that my tip to the waiter was "better service". On our way out we looked for the manager to let him know of the poor service, but saw that he was too busy chatting up the hostess in a corner.  Probably trying to line up his date/quickie for the night. TIP: don't come here.  I wish I had read the reviews.  We all agreed this place is permanently a NO GO
2	This review may be unhelpful for days that aren't a holiday but we came in for Mother's Day. I made a reservation, so we were seated immediately. Place is nice, more upscale than I had thought... But that's okay. We sat. Our waiter came over and I was immediately turned off of the place. No welcome, no introduction, nothing. Just what can I get you to drink. Because we didn't order any alcoholic beverages, I feel the waiter put us on the back burner. I ordered an orange juice that was never refilled throughout my meal. My grandma ordered coffee that was also not refilled. We all ordered off of the pre fixed Mother's Day special menu. We all got three different appetizers and entrees. I wasn't expecting to wait as long as I did for the courses. Seemed that the kitchen wasn't prepared to put out the menu they had running. The dishes arrived at all different times for each course.. Leaving the family waiting once again to eat. The halibut had no sauce, leaving it dry. The lamb was chewy and almost tough on the outside. Chicken was good, except the Mac n cheese needs some help. Desserts were the best part. The busser or back waiter (whichever) was very nice and accommodating to us. I give him 5 stars. Other than the initial hello and dropping the check, I didn't see the waiter at all. All in all, service needs help.. Kitchen needs preparation. I will return, only because this may have been just an off day for the establishment.
3	I like this place okay but it would get more stars if the service was a little bit faster and if their food quality was higher for what you pay. Good place for a business lunch which is what I have gone there for on a couple occasions.
4	This tucked away local fine dining spot was a pleasant delight when a friend invited me for dinner. It has a secret feel because it is a bit difficult to find, but just go into the corner on the left in the parking lot and you will see it. Such an unusual gem to see in Summerlin; there were checkered floors and an old movie playing from a projector. Definitely a chic atmosphere and a variety of meals (basic starters, wood-fired flatbreads, pasta&risotto, entrees, prime wood-grill).  Food was delicious, but more importantly: they claim to have one of the largest selections of cheeses in Las Vegas. Along with hand-selected and house cured meats. Need I say more? *wiping drool off* Since it's not "acceptable" to bathe in a tub of cheese, this might be the next best thing. Order a bunch of fancy smelly cheese that will make you feel like you're in France. Since I was with a party of people I tried an assortment of dishes, all being flavorful. The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is because the service was slow and they took a long time to accommodate extra people that joined, despite it being a quick and easy fix.  Good news for those farther from Summerlin, they opened one on the Strip! They are also open for lunch.
4	We always receive wonderful service when we go, upper end all the way. The food is very rich and delicious! The menu changes often, sometimes that's good, sometimes it's not. The free range chicken is amazing! They mac and cheese that comes with it used to be much better-- it had a heartier pasta with it and a richer cheesier sauce, now it's more tame and doesn't stand out as well. The calamari is amazing, but I don't care for the sauce! The caesar salad is delicious! Lots of flavors to try! AND they make their own cheese. If you love cheese-- go! So tasty! I wish their dessert selection was better though-- nothing really amazing!
3	A simple request, salt. Never got. Waiter never came back to check on us after the food was serverd. A simple courteous long time practice. This place is too busy for me. I felt like an orphan. In thier defense, food was excellent.
3	My dinner was pretty good. I got the 1/2 chicken with mac n cheese and broccolini. Service was questionable when the bartender asked if I needed a menu when I clearly stated I was there for dinner. She asked if I wanted bread. I said yes. After 10 minutes I had to ask if the bread was coming. When I finished dinner I had to ASK for them to remove my plate, even though I had placed the knife and fork on the plate appropriately to let any experienced wait staff know i was finished. Then I had to ask for my check. Twice. Good food. Service lacking...next time in Vegas will try another local upscale place looking for a good meal and excellent service.
5	Great atmosphere, great service, amazing food, delicious drinks. Whats not to like here!!? Its on the expensive side, but you really get your money's worth in both quality and quantity! A balance that can be so hard to find in Vegas! The menu changes often depending on whats in season, but that's what makes every dish special here. I can't wait to return, maybe next time I'll enjoy an evening of wine with there house made cheese and cured meat, while sitting outside on there beautiful patio.
5	This place is a hidden gem.  The decor is stunning, service is gr8 and food is fantastic.  I like  the meat and cheese plates, the  pasta, the pork dish in the covered pan, fish, steak, appetizers and desserts.  The bar has a wide selection of top shelf beverages.  Sure it's hard to find.  Thank goodness or it would be packed.  Gr8 for power lunch, romantic rendez vous, celebrations or happy hour cruising.  Dress up a bit and bring your appetite.
5	Love it.  Never had a bad meal here.  Service is excellent.   The butter lettuce salad is great.
5	The food was absolutely phenomenal. Service not so much  but the food and atmosphere of the entire place made up for it.
4	I had heard fantastic things about VG so I decided to try it this evening for a special dinner with family friends.  I was not disappointed!The atmosphere, presentation, and taste were out of this world!  From the exotic selection of breads to the twist on all the dishes it left our mouthes watering. I started with the Caesar Salad which was wrapped in Prosciutto and had a quail egg on the side and it was AMAZING.  I am a very traditional eater but any salad lover would LOVE this salad.I then ordered the free-ranged chicken which was wonderfully flavored and had a side of very unique mac & cheese.  I was very full after this but ended the evening by splitting an espresso cheesecake which was  THE best and a cup of French press coffee.It was an amazing meal.  The only down side was that originally we had asked our server to come back in a few minutes as we needed time to look over the menu and he didn't come back for 10-15 minutes which was too long.
2	Food good but service poor.  Waiter charged us for a $10 drink we did not have.  Complained & sent photo of receipt once we noticed & got home, 2 weeks...ZERO response.  Won't return.  Plenty of good places to eat.  Waiter was not very friendly either.  Took our business to Fleming's instead where the service is superb.
3	The mixed drink were to lemony all three of them I tried, order wine safer bet.  Food was ahhhmazing!!  Service terrible we had to flag down our waiter to even order. Flag for a second drink twice. Flag down again for pepper and knives for our salads since they them  with appetizer plates, etc.etc.
2	This review is based purely on the atmosphere... unwarrantedly stuffy. Every time I have gone there...which is twice... I have experienced the same thing... stuffy, hostess' I haven't even gotten as far as getting a table b/c the hostess has been unattentive to the fact that I'm standing here inquiring about a table or a seat. So, the 2 stars is only b/c I haven't even experienced the service (aside from the hostess) or the food to rate it any further... disappointing.
5	This is currently my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas.  This place is outstanding. 1st it is beautiful. 2nd the service is flawless, 3rd and most important, the food is delicious. I prefer this for a ladies lunch as one can dress a little and it feels like a special treat.Give yourself plenty of time to find this place as it is tucked in an office complex. The signage is very subtle, so be sure to google it, and note the insignia  before you go so you can find it.
5	The atmosphere and decoration are outstanding! 5/5* it looks very nice and fresh with the white color and open space set up. Outside is great to have a dinner in the summer getting some air. 5/5* I love the food especially salmon. I think i had once ordered a dish of rack of lamb too, it is great! Drinks are great as normal as regular bar and restaurants. Always end up with the same orders, salmon, cheese,  drinks! 4/5* Recommended for romantic date and great companies!  5/5* It is located in the business area and it is little weird and hard to find it. But when finding it, 'Omgggg,  it is a nice restaurant hiding in this area!'
1	place is nice, food on the plate no so. . have not been yelping very long only a few reviews but this is my fist one star. Had the Dungeness crab rivioli and the veal scaloppinil  dinners.  Have hade veal many times for much less $.The crab dish hade  very very little crab meat and the taste was worth less than the one star. First time I have been let down by yelp.
5	Gorgeous restaurant and amazing food.  You can't go wrong with this hidden gem.  They have been open for years and the quality and service have never wavered.  Vintner is built to last.  DELISH!
2	I was out and about on a Saturday night at 8pm and decided to give Vintner Grill one last chance.  It was really sad1. This place used to be packed and without reservations you couldn't get in.  Prime time Saturday evening and if was a quarter full I would be surprised.2. The vibe was bad and the employees seemed... well... beaten down.  I'm not sure what's up but unhappy employees make for a poor experience.  My guess is a change of management is in order.3. The ever present smell of old fish still permeates the air.  Even if the the ventilation system int he kitchen needs improvement... fresh fish doesn't smell that way when cooked.4.  I ate at the bar and actually had prompt and pleasant service by the only bartender - Char.  She was the saving grace of the evening.5.  I ordered the crab cake appetizer which I felt was risky based on the old fish smell.  It actually wasn't half bad but then I was into my 2nd martini when it arrived and pretty hungry.  I little too dark on the outside but didn't taste burnt but tasty.This is my 2nd not so great review and the last review the manager wrote me privately and asked me to give them a 2nd chance.  My response was "why should I?"  but I did it anyway.  I'm sad to say if it hadn't been for Char, the whole experience would have been worse.It's a shame such a beautiful restaurant with abundant outdoor seating that's both comfortable and lovely is clearly mismanaged and well past it's prime.  I think they are going to have to work pretty hard to pull themselves out of what seems to be disfavor and probably need to hire a restaurant consultant to get some objectivity and change staff, etc.    Perhaps Gordon Ramsey from Kitchen Nightmares can help eradicate the horrible odor and fix what ails Vintner Grill.
5	Hubby and I had lunch here. We thought this place was great. No fish smell today as described by another guest yesterday. Service was wonderful. Everyone was very attentive and quick to respond to our requests. The decor is beautiful & clean. Loved the cheese selection! Wish we could come back for dinner sometime. As for pricing, being from So Cal I thought the pricing was reasonable considering how upscale the place is.
4	First time at Vintner Grill, touted as one of the best restaurants in the Summerlin area of Vegas.  The restaurant is quite large and has a nice atmosphere but it is located in an Office Park, which seems a little weird when you drive up. We ordered two appetizers: the Heirloom tomato salad and the butter lettuce salad. The tomatoes were a little past their prime as Heirlooms have little shelf life, and the result was a mushier salad than I wanted.  The butter lettuce salad was quite good with a nice portion and tasty seasoning. Bread came after appetizers, a little late, and the pretzel roll I had was dense and not fresh, maybe leftover from Sunday brunch!For our main courses, I ordered the sea bass and my wife ordered halibut.  The sea bass was very fresh and tasted very good, even excellent. The halibut was the same -- excellent. Service was quite good.The cheese and carne (charcuterie) meals looked very interesting and we'll probably try it on our next visit. All-in-all, a very good meal in a nice atmosphere. We'll be back.
5	I love this place. Everything I have had here is simply exquisite. I always look forward to coming back. The halibut is amazing. I love the pretzel bread. Also, the banana strudel was surprisingly delicious. I only wish they were open right now for lunch on a Sunday because I want to eat it now!
5	I thought for some time before assigning a five-star rating to this one. And after my extensive contemplation, I am confident in saying that this was a five-star experience. If the criteria for five stars is "as good as it gets" then I'd say without reservation that Vintner Grill is as good as Vegas gets. Here's the breakdownAMBIANCE: 5FOOD TASTE/QUALITY: 5FOOD CREATIVITY: 4SERVICE: 4.5Overall, what I like about Vintner Grill was that it delivered on providing an experience. And there are are not many places in this town (off-strip) that even attempt to do that. The overall aesthetic is a modern take on a light Art Deco/1930s decor. Everything from the black and white checkered floor to the white and pastel green color scheme worked to set a mood from the moment you walk in. If you're reading other reviews, you already know the restaurant is located inside a business center--and it's that very juxtaposition between the bland stucco sameness of the business center and soft, light and glossy interior of the restaurant that left me feeling transported. The contrast of the business center location totally works in Vintner Grill's favor by creating an immediate expectation of luxury and quality. And Vintner delivers on both fronts.Our party ordered and shared:Two of their signature cocktailsCheese and meat platterLamb bologneseNY stripHalibut on couscous and orzoWhite bean hummusTiramisuCarmel upside down cakeTurkish coffee cheesecakeWe were thoroughly pleased with all but one dish-and even that dish (cheesecake)  was fine. The dishes were not overly creative and clever, but they were all seasoned well,  made with high quality ingredients, and prepared with skill.  The food was delicious. The seafood was fresh and buttery while the steaks were tender and cooked perfectly. This was one of the two best NY strip steaks I've had in this town. The bolognese was heavy and the truffle oil threatened to over power the flavor of the sauce, but the richness of the lamb and sauce made for a dish that most people at our table called the best of the night.The service was considered, the food was delicious, and the decor / atmosphere was luxurious.  I will definitely return to Vintner Grill.
3	Great food! I love the atmosphere at this place. The bartenders are always great and super friendly
5	This restaurant has great service and a nice ambiance. They always take great cars of me here. The bouillabaisse is wonderful and every cut of meat I've had has been cooked to perfection. I also recommend sitting outside weather permitting.
2	Overall, I wanted to give it a four star. But after my first experience last night, I had a second though.Okay, since hubby and I didn't want to drive to strip for dinner; we decided to take our family to a nice relaxing restaurant.  Sissy then suggested to have dinner at Vintner's Grill.  Walked in the restaurant was a perfect and awesome ambiance. Wow!!! My kind of place :). Looks are very deceiving from the outside, but so chick in the inside.Service was Great can't complain ****Food was awesome ****Then all of a sudden, hubby noticed a COCKROACH crawled under the guest table next to us who were busy singing Happy Birthday to their friend.  Then few minutes the birthday girl noticed it, and that confirmed what my husband sew that he thought it was a cricket!  I kid you not, it was a COCKROACH and not only we sew it, the birthday girl and her friends sew it too.So there...
1	I've given this place a try on 3 different occasions since it seems to get such great reviews.  The first time  I went, I ordered the tenderloin, medium cooked.  They overcooked the steak the first shot, so I sent it back.  The second shot was WAY undercooked, but I didn't send it back again.The second time I went for lunch, I ordered the steak sandwich.  I ordered it medium, yet once again it was undercooked.  I didn't send it back because the people I was with kept on telling me how good a restaurant it was, and so I didn't send it back because I didn't want them to look bad..  So instead, I choked down my undercooked steak sandwich.This last time I ordered the scallops.  They did not taste fresh at all.  Over $30 for 3 fishy tasting scallops????This place has a stuffy atmosphere and horrible food.  I will never go back.
5	Yum! This place has an amazing menu!!!!So many great choices it was difficult to decide.  I'm not going to lie...it was a little difficult to find too.  It is in the middle of a couple office buildings. Not very good signage either. Anyway...looking at the menu, I just struggled with making my choice. Luckily one of the guys at my table decided to split some things with me, so we could taste more. We started with the 3 choice meat and cheese tray. It was wonderful.  We chose the wild boat salami, prosciutto, and a truffle pecorino cheese. They tray had dried fruit, two sauces and came with fresh toasted bread. I really enjoyed this.  Then we got the lamb ragu and a Caesars Salad.  Both were very good. Check out the pics I took!Definitely want to come back here and try a few more things on the menu...just wish it wasn't so far out of the way!!!!!
5	During my trip to Las Vegas, our friends brought us to Vitner Grill for a lovely dinner.  The location is in a business area and may be easily missed, but find this place...it's worth it. First, the atmosphere is a throwback to a bygone era. I love the seating, the colors, the old movie snippets.  Our waiter, Michael, provided exemplary service.  He was engaging, knew the menu well and was fun!  Our party of four began with wine flights and glasses of wine along with a plate of fromage and carne. The duck was amazing!  I was happy my favorite sauvignon blanc from New Zealand was served here.  I loved how the butter was served molded into two wells filled with herbs.  The bread was tasty especially the cranberry -bacon and olive bread! Next my husband and I shared the Caesar salad wrapped in prosciutto. So good!  Our friends shared a Caesar salad as well. For our entrees, my husband and girlfriend had the sea bass, I had the halibut and my other friend had the scallops.  All the entrees were delicious (yes, I tasted them all!). I think I would order the scallops next time as they were huge and cooked to perfection. For dessert, my friends ordered the Turkish coffee cheesecake. We were too full to order dessert, but did nab a taste of their delightfully rich dessert...yum!  Everything we ate was not only pleasing to the eye in the presentation, but was pleasing to the palate.  I highly recommend this restaurant especially if you are staying close by at the Red Rock Casino Resort.
1	The staff at the Vinter grill set up my friend's wedding reception at the wrong location and on the wrong day.  It was a last minute scramble to transport 50 guests across town.  In an attempt to make it right, the manager made promises to transport us back to the strip free of charge and he did not keep his end of the bargain.  NEVER AGAIN.  In this industry service is everything.
5	Beautiful place. Great service.... Thanks, Mark. The turkey, brie sandwich with cranberry jam was awesome. The flatbread with the different cheeses was delicious. Can't wait to go back!
5	Went out to eat with my long awaited cousins from San Diego.  The place was amazing..  We were seated on the patio...  Everything was excellent.  Thought the bar service could have been better..  The place ran out of wine glasses that night and my cousins martini came out slightly warm...  Will give the place another shot on another day..
5	Finally got to try the amazing vintner grill and it was as expected amazing food made with love old movies playing a love singer and a beautiful atmosphere all together. My New York steak was amazing cut like butter juicy and probably the tastiest I've had in a long time the special was lobster and mines was cooked and seasoned perfect I also had the crap cake appetizer which all you need to know was amazing! Loved the complimentary bread as well.
5	Everything about this place is absolutely gorgeous!! I love it so much that I will be back with my husband one of these nights. Their food is pretty pricey for being off the strip but it's worth it because everything we had was delicious! The only little complaint I had was they forgot my free birthday dessert! Lol! No biggie! I don't like the attention anyway!
2	Food was great , ordered wine , waiter brought different wine twice more expensive and i did not notice till the end ,  well we end up paying 499$ over on our check because i trusted them . I  really like this place but next time i WILL MAKE SURE THEY DO NOT bring whatever they feel like
5	Oh my God every time I go here I tell my waiter surprise me with a gin or whiskey martini and they go up to the mixologist to the bar and they come back and I'm never not completely satisfied I try very hard not to eat bread but they come out with the white chocolate bread that is unbelievable I always get something different I usually tell the waiter bring out whatever you like the waiter will ask me a few questions about my taste or allergies and it's usually freaking amazing and the atmosphere is so yummy I have not everyone's been let down.
5	My wife and I had an intimate wedding and reception here last month.  We've eaten at VG before and am blown away by the food and service every time, so nothing new to see here.We'd like to give major thanks in particular to Patrick Bryant, who's the Director of Special Events and Catering.  If you're planning your next special event, no matter how big or small, THIS IS YOUR MAN!Wedding planning if obviously no easy task, and Patrick was there with us (my wife actually) every step of the way in making sure our day went according to plans.  We've had the pleasure in working with Patrick over the course of the last year and he was nothing short of phenomenal in the planning and preparation of our event.  Little things, big or small, Patrick covered it all!Our guests absolutely loved the food and the service, and yes, they loved Patrick too since he was there the whole night to ensure we were well taken care of by his amazing staff.  Patrick is down to earth, and easy going, so working with him was a breeze.  He can get busy, since he's in high demand, so I suggest you contact him right away to get your event planning started.  It's people like Patrick and the team at VG who make this our go-to spot off the strip.  Thank you VG and Patrick for making our wedding a momentous occasion!
4	hostess wasnt too friendly but our server was so nice ! he took the time to split he check. i swear it was about 12 ways. he didn't have to do that. I ordered the halibut. so good ! love the ambiance too. downfall - soo hard to find ! it's part of an office parking lot
5	We have eaten at Vintner Grill several times over the last few years.  Each time I try something new and have never been disappointed.  They always follow what I have asked for ( i.e., light on the sauce, no dairy, etc) and we never feel rushed.  I look forward to my next meal there!
4	Awesome place to visit & totally unexpected. Restaurant is surrounded by  office buildings in summerlin. Service is good with warm and friendly staff.  Food is good as well--butternut squash soup, butter lettuce salad, crab cakes, beef medallion, seabass, free range chicken, & apple turnover. Delish! Will definitely go back.
5	Philadelphia Story playing in the background really set the tone for what would be a delightful dining experience. The seared scallops with saffron risotto were scrumptious. The apple upside down cake for dessert was the true star of the show. But beware, both mine and my friend's portions were petite. If you are starving, this may not be a great choice. If you want a simple,  elegant setting for your next date or social gathering,  I would definitely recommend. The service was perfection.
5	Ate here recently and wasn't disappointed! Food and service were both great. I highly recommend the beet salad. It's fresh and delicious. If you visit during the fall I recommend the butternut squash soup which is perfect! I think it's a seasonal soup so be sure to try it if you go in the fall or winter time. The sea bass is my favorite dish I have tried there! I would go back just for that dish!Flat breads are also good! They are like a pizza and would make a great meal if paired with a salad.Delicious food and friendly staff. I highly recommend this restaurant! :)
3	Came here for a dinner for a special event.  Overall, Vintner Grill has a sophisticated food menu, with great options for a traditional multi-course meal, or more of a sharing and sampling approach to dining if desired.  I particularly enjoyed the charcuterie and cheese course, with the variety of options in this area of the menu.  Also, the lamb Bolognese pasta course was excellent.For a restaurant of this caliber, there were some service missteps, such as:*No bread course was offered to our table, even though it appeared to be standard service to all the tables around us.*Follow-up was inconsistent from the wait staff, including instances such as:  For long periods in the evening, the wait staff disappeared altogether and we had no service for our table.  We were offered follow-up service for crostini for our charcuterie and cheese course, which never came.  We had cocktails throughout the evening, but our water glasses were empty and not refilled for the duration of the evening.I like to enjoy dining at a restaurant like this at a comfortable pace, which we were able to do so at Vintner Grill.  There was no pressure to turn over the table, which I appreciated.  However, service for a fairly simple limited course meal ran about 3 hours, much of this attributed to the disappearance of the wait staff.All in all, Vintner Grill holds promise if they can address some fundamental service issues.
4	Here for a work lunch, I was excited to finally get a chance to try Vintner Grill.We arrived before the lunch crowd and were seated quickly. The restaurant is adorable and I enjoyed the table settings quite a bit. We started with bread service and everyone recommended the pretzel bread but I can never turn down olive bread so I went with that. I ordered the lunch portion of halibut and it was delicious. Superbly cooked and I could have easily devoured the full portion if I had ordered it. While I had attempted to eat relatively healthy for lunch, we decided to splurge for dessert and I couldn't say no trying all the options we ordered. We ordered the Turkish coffee cheesecake with pistachio gelato and honey, lemon & raspberry panna cotta and banana strudel. The cheesecake and panna cotta were the stars of the show. They were both so delicious and silky, I had to try my best to resist taking too many samples. Our lunch was great and the service lived up to our expectations as well. I look forward to coming back again soon for lunch and possibly to try their dinner options as well.
5	I love this place. The food is amazing and the service is wonderful. I've been here on dates and girls nights out and I always have a great experience. The crab cakes, filet, and half chicken are my favorites. The outside patio is so cute when the weather is nice. I would never have guessed that such a good restaurant is tucked away in an office building. If you haven't been here you should definitely check it out.
4	This is one of my go to places in my neighborhood.  It never disappoints.  Whether sitting at the bar having a cocktail and an appetizer, or sitting for a meal and a bottle of wine.  I simply love this place.  The atmosphere is fantastic, the menu is great for both food and wine/cocktails.  The bartenders are social and great at their jobs.  I tend to go here at least a few times a month and have for years.
1	I had not been to this place since Chef Silverman left, as we used to go all the time.  It was terrible.  The first server we had forgot to send over the bread and never bothered to tell us the specials.  Then he spilled tobasco sauce all over my husband's leather jacket and sweater, and he just walked away, and when we called him back, he "poo-pooed" it, and said he will "dry " him up, brought two napkins and patted the jacket down and my husband's body down.  You could smell the tobasco sauce, and he just said that he got it all, but you could see it on the jacket, so I asked for a manager.  The manager came over, and admitted the server had an attitude, and gave me his card, and told me to get the jacket and sweater dry cleaned and to bring him the bill.  He also said he would take care of us, and provide us with another waiter.  Dinner went on.....came time for dessert, and I couldn't decide between two desserts, so the new server suggested the upside apple cake, but said it would take 8 mins, and we asked to have our coffee with the dessert.  After about 15 mins, the server came back with the coffee, and said the dessert chef got behind so it will take a minute more, but he decided to bring our coffee.  Now 15 mins later, so a total of 30 mins now, we have finished our coffee, and here comes the waiter with our apple dessert and the other dessert we asked about but did not order, he said the manager said to bring both.  We waited and finally asked for the check, and the waiter said the manager took off the appetizer (cheese plate, $15) and the cheesecake dessert, the alternate dessert that we did not order, but charged us for the dessert we ordered.  I then went to the manager, and he said that was not right, he told the waiter to take off the appetizer, and the dessert, and I told the manager, but I only ordered one dessert, it wasn't my idea to bring the cheesecake dessert also.  So they ran a credit on my husband's credit card for the first check with the dessert, and took off the dessert, and then ran it again.  First, of all how are you not charging me for a dessert I didn't order, and really for all that trouble, and spilling tobasco on my husband, that is the only compensation, $15 cheese platter, and a $8 dessert?  We will definitely not be going back there, with all the better restaurants out here in Summerlin.
2	I gave this place a 2 bc the food was amazing but the service was completely horrible.. the old fashion was spot on the best ever.. steak was cooked to perfection. In the hr that we were there our water was never refilled until after the check even after I asked for more water..
5	This is the type of place you can always count on remarkable food. My wife and I had our first date here, and we've been bringing friends here ever since. Sometimes, I'll stop just for cocktails and enjoy the service at the bar. But the real treat is the food....and of course, the wine. The staff is very wine knowledgable and eagerly assist with pairings. And if you are looking for a good pairing, start with a fromage platter. Occasionally, the staff is slow when it's particularly busy, but that is rare and you shouldn't let that dampen your opinion of the food and the wine. Be prepared to be wowed!
5	We had our office Holiday Party here; it was terrific.  The atmosphere was quiet and fun and the food was amazing.  Waiter was funny, courteous, and responsive.  Overall a great time; we'll definitely be back!
5	Luv the smoked meats, cheese tasting and wine flights. The white table cloth and decor is so relaxing and special. One of my favorite restaurants off the strip. Nice restaurant to entertain business clients and colleagues. The bread selection is outstanding too. The noise level is low to moderate.  5* experience.
