5	I have been using AMS at my commercial building since 2002.  They are on time, quick but attention to detail with a noticeable clean-up job of debris, leaves, etc.  I have also used them to do a complete landscape plan for one of my homes in the past.  They even replaced a tree that died over the winter.  If you are shopping around you will find that AMS is on the more expensive side, however in Arizona you really do get what you pay for in terms of landscaping and maintenance.
5	The old landscaping company thought the schedule was some kind of rough outline. If the made it out a few days give or take, if they got most of it done... they cashed the check. We had to change and AMS looked good.To the best of my knowledge they have been on schedule. I say that because landscaping has become so effortless I don't even know when they work.  We discover there is a problem (like a leak in the timer box) because AMS sends a digital picture, the prior company waited for us to tell them when we thought there was a problem. AMS was doing a great job for the HOA, but I had not considered using them for my yard. I LIKE playing in the yard. Had some things come up and the yard was starting to get less attention. I had to do something and AMS was it. They did not show me up by getting grass to grow in the shade or perform miracles like year round green grass, but they are getting close. The great thing is now I play with my landscaping - they do the work.If your HOA has no green thumb; if you do, but it is busy - I recommend you call AMS.
5	I have called on AMS Landscape many times in the past. Always punctual and very professional. The man that he sent to repair my broken irrigation system, explained and showed me the broken parts that he repaired.  When he was done, he turned on the water so that I could see everything working as intended. He even taught me how to work my new timer and was very patient with me.  I strongly recommend AMS to anyone that wants the job done right the first time!
5	Great service overall I was very pleased! Price was reasonable. I will be using them in the near future!
5	We've just started using AMS for my home and are much happier than we were with the last company we were using.  They are prompt and show up on time.  Of course, they do a great job!  I will be using them from now on!  Keep up the great work AMS!
5	I was in a bind and needed to find a landscaping / lawn service quickly.  Yelp to the rescue!  A quick search lead me to AMS Landscaping where I left a message on a Friday that was quickly returned by Eli who setup a crew for the coming Monday.  The crew was at my home around 1pm, we walked around the property discussing what needed to be done and as soon as a price was determined and agreed upon the crew got to work.  The three person crew worked very quickly and efficiently with great attention to detail.  When they were done the crew lead walked me around the property again to make sure it was completed to my satisfaction.  It was!  If you need a company that shows up when expected, responds promptly, performs brilliantly and prices reasonably I would recommend AMS.Thanks for the great work!  I wish my HOA would have AMS cleaning our community!  See you next time.
5	I was looking for landscapers who could provide prompt service and easy communication with the crews working in my yard for specific issues as they arose. I got both, as well as a competitive price for the job.  Highly recommended.
5	Since we don't have the time to tend to our yard as we should, it's great to know that I can call on AMS to take care of all of our yard needs. The staff is very professional and polite. They are very affordable in these tuff economic times.
5	We contacted several landscapers to get bids. I assumed that AMS was going to be one of the high bids -- it was just the opposite. There bid was very reasonable. The were prompt in the bidding process, always showed up on time and did a terrific job with a very large clean- up. I highly recommend these guys.
5	My story is similar to everyone else's - Contacted several landscaping companies for bids - Only  a few bothered to show up when they said they would.  Eli was over the very next day - he knew what he was talking about - and emailed a bid as soon as he left. The crew - 3 guys - showed when Eli said they would. They were extremely efficient, and made our front and backyard look very well manicured. AMS is now our monthly landscape company.
5	Wow. Glad to find you on Yelp.  Everyone else was right.  Showed up on time, did quality work at a fair price.   What a concept.  Thanks AMS, hope I don't need repairs again soon but if I do you're the company I will call
5	I asked Eli for an estimate this morning for another property and had it literally within the afternoon! Not only that he took pictures and was honest with his opinion for what did, and didn't need to be done. WOW! I will continue to call AMS Landscaping for all my landscaping needs. Great job!
2	I contacted AMS because of all the rave reviews on Yelp, and I must say I was pretty disappointed. I was mainly looking for someone to clean up all the pine needles, leaves, and other debris in the backyard. I expressed this in my initial quote request. Although they did respond quickly and showed up when promised, it was apparent that they paid very little attention to my request. Not only did they do a sloppy job clearing out the backyard, they also left a big pile of leaves at the side of the house. I had to contact them to come back to clean it up and to get rid of the pine needles and leaves as I had originally requested. The second time around they still did only a mediocre job, but at least they got rid of the pile of leaves. This wouldn't bother me as much if I wasn't paying them nearly $50 per man hour (I was charged $95 and two people came for about 50 minutes), but I'm pretty sure I could hire a high-schooler for $20/hr to do a better job. Two weeks later I came home to a freshly mowed lawn that I did not order (I specifically requested a one-time clean up). I thought maybe they did it out of goodwill because they were trying to make up for the first time. But then I got the bill and they had charged me $55 extra for a 'bi-weekly service' (i.e. mowing my lawn). Ouch! No thanks.
5	I have used AMS Landscaping for probably close to 3 years now. They are very dependable and reliable. I find their rates to be very competitive and always do a good job. I have consulted with Eli on numerous projects and he is a wealth of information. I would highly recommend AMS to anyone searching for the services they provide.
1	Another Sprinkler repair Co. that did not show. I finally called Sprinkler Man he was right on time and fixed it fast
5	Fair pricing, prompt and professional, solid work with great results!
5	Wow is all I can say. I got AMS's  number through a Friend that said this company is Top Notch. I called to try and schedule a yard cleanup and Eli said he was currently in the area and would stop by to give me a bid within a hour.         One hour later I get a e-mail with 3 pictures of my yard in its current condition and a reasonable price that stopped me from shopping anywhere else. The job was done two days later from a three man crew that cleaned up after they were done. This is the way business should be done, it would save me a lot of headaches . I will be using AMS Landscaping in the future.Thanks AMS
5	Very friendly, easy to contact via phone/email and responsive.  I called in with a few sprinkler system issues in a new home.  AMS (I wish I remembered the tech's name) was on time, and went way above and beyond repair.  He fixed the wiring and found some problems with the original weekend warrior install, then set it up perfectly for summer.  Prices were very reasonable.   My home is now the greenest emerald on the street.  Thanks, guys!
5	Eli Hall was quick to return my call and sent a guy to my house within a few business days.  The man who came to my house was easy to communicate with.  He repaired an irrigation leak quickly and prepared a very reasonable estimate to have some overgrown and troubled shrubs and trees removed.  The bid and bill for the leak repair came via email within a few days of the AMS' person visit, and there were photos attached for the work done / estimated.  A very professional, service oriented company.  I will definitely use them again.
5	Eli and his crew are great. They take great care in making my yard look the way I want it. and Eli follows up after every visit to make sure I'm happy and get feedback. I highly recommend them.
5	I just wanna say that these guys are the best landscapers i have ever had come do my yard. I never have to worry about my gate being closed and they raked all my gravel. I would recommend this company to anyone. THX GUYS!
1	Very strange -- I can't reconcile all the positive reviews with my own personal experience. Called them up due to the overwhelmingly positive feedback on Yelp. I had a few sprinkler heads that needed to be replaced/repaired/adjusted before I overseeded. Eli got back to me quickly and set an appointment on a day when I'd be at work, which was fine. On the day of the appointment, I got a call from the service tech telling me that my sprinklers were fine but my controller was broken, and it would be $385 to replace. I told him that the controller isn't broken -- one of the buttons is "sticky", but the system is fine. On the other hand, the sprinklers are not "fine", that's why I called. He told me the system was old and should be replaced. I gently told him that I would consider that, but I wasn't going to authorize a $385 replacement without getting a competitive bid, but in the meantime, would he please run and repair the sprinkler heads as I requested -- I mentioned the specific ones I had concerns about. He barked at me, but agreed to do so. I still haven't seen any paperwork or notice regarding what he did.Maybe the service tech was just having a bad day, but I can't recommend these guys.Appreciate that at least the owner posts productive and rational responses to reviews that show opportunities to improve. Nice to know that someone might be listening.
5	Only before AND after pictures would tell the actual story.  Huge yard cleanup!  HUGE!Immediate response from Eli and he asked permission to take pictures (as I was not home).  We did everything else via email.  I had to wait a month for the actual work because I had other things going on, NOT because of AMS, who would've been out within a week or so.Unlike others, I did not get competing bids.  I read the reviews and noticed that AMS had long time satisfied customers.  That tells me a lot.  His bid was fair for the work needing to be done.3 men showed up, did a fabulous job.  We then did a "walk through" and they thinned the forest of bamboo a little more at my request.They even blew the whole (very long) patio.  You say "so what?"  We'll, I'll tell you:  there was a pile of debris/dirt that I had swept up but was sitting there a long time.  Not in the bid,  they just did it.  It was no skin off their backs to do that little extra, but most companies I've dealt with only do what they bid and not an ounce more.I hope Eli posts my before and after pictures for you all so you can see for yourself!I am not quick to give out perfect scores on any review site.  I got my money's worth, very nice and proficient, friendly and communicative service, AND a backyard that looks like a backyard again, instead of a weed/tree/debris dump.Thanks guys!
3	Our company recently found AMS on yelp and contacted Eli along with over 20 other lawn service vendors we found online in order to request a bid for service on a property we have in Glendale.  I have given AMS a 3 star rating because Eli was extremely quick to respond to our request and even visited the property to perform his quote complete with pictures within only a few days. He also had contacts for an arborist to handle the large palm trees onsite as well.  This was impressive and we were ready to move forward using AMS to complete the job as his quote was very reasonable and his contact had been very professional. However, after multiple emails and several phone calls went unanswered leaving us with no other way to get in contact with Eli we ended up needing to send the job to another company.  I think there is a lot of potential for AMS landscaping and I can understand the positive ratings based off of our initial contacts with AMS, we unfortunately were lost in the shuffle of the company's success which resulted in a missed business opportunity.
5	fast and courteous service...called and Eli helped with a quick estimate...truly a professional
1	I am disappointed with this company especially after all of the great reviews on here. I called them on Monday, February 18th and left a voicemail to have them call me back for an estimate on a landscape job I needed done. After not getting a return call, I called them again on Thursday, February 21st and left a more detailed voicemail with location and a short detail of the job. As of today I still have not heard back from them. I have called two other landscapers and they have both been out and gave an estimate within a day or two or have at least called to make an appointment. I wish them well in their business but not calling back a potential customer will definitely hurt your business.
3	Here is an update on my previous 1-Star rating...Eli called and apologized for not responding to my two voice mails that I had left him. Apparently, they were having some issues with their voice mail system. No problem, since it sounds like it's not their fault. I decided to give them a chance and they were able to come out three days later to do a free estimate. It was nice that they didn't require me to be at the house while they did the estimate. Eli emailed me the next day with three high quality pictures of the yard and a short estimate.I called Eli today to ask him to beat a competitor's price that had also given a free estimate and he was unwilling to do so, citing a busy season of work. All in all, once they fixed their voice mail problem I had no issues with AMS Landscape other than that they were unwilling to negotiate on price, which is understandable if your business is going well. I WOULD recommend AMS to others based on their customer service, but since no work was done I am unable to grade their landscape work.
5	Love them. Eli is a pro, and the yard looks very maintained, with no weeds. I pay $80 for monthly service, and to have the ability to pay with a link online which is awesome. I would prefer all vendors go this way... cash and checks are just totally out of the question for me (you can tell this for my snarky "cash only?" reviews...) On top of that,  the yard looks great!
1	I don't understand what is going on at their office.  Does no one answer the phone or check messages?  I have been calling and leaving messages for the past two weeks to get a quote on some properties I own and have not received any callback.  If this is how AMS treats potential new customers I would cringe at the thought of how paying customers are treated.
2	I chose AMS because of the glowing reviews.  My experience wasn't so glowing.  We got a quote, which was high, but I figured since all the good reviews, it was worth the money.  Several emails later we confirmed the appointment date and anxiously awaited only to have the technicians come out to "assess" and not do the actual work.  Mistakes happen but the re-schedule was a full week out, which was unacceptable.  Very frustating.  The two stars because Eli seems like a nice guy and was apologetic.
5	I left a message on the website and almost immediately received an e mail back from Eli.  Within a few days he had taken a picture and sent me a quote and within a couple more days the job was done.  The crew was there early and they did a phenomenal job.  I couldn't be more pleased.  With their coupon I was even able to save $10.  I would definitely recommend them.
5	My yard was a complete mess, I was almost embarrassed to have anyone come out to do it because it was so bad. I found them on Google and asked for a quote, the next day I had an email from Eli telling me how much it was, inclusive of pictures of my yard so he could reference which areas he had a plan for. They were able to come out in 2 days from my original email and cleaned up my yard to the point where I am SO proud to show people my house and the landscape job his crew did. I immediately set up a monthly service with them (so cheap!). He is licensed and all his workers are legitimate which makes me feel like it's money well spent as a consumer. I shopped around at about 8 local places and they were not only the best price I found, but the service from beginning to end was worth double the money.
5	I recently found myself in need of a new landscape, irrigation and maintenance company, as my yard was overgrown and sorely needing attention. It is always hard to pick and start with a new company, so I checked out the Internet and company reviews.  I landed on AMS and have been exceptionally pleased from start to finish.  Eli Hall has been wonderful, always checking to make sure I am satisfied and that all is occurring as planned.  The estimates for the work were very reasonable and all was scheduled and accomplished in just a little over 2 weeks from my initial contact.   Every single person who has been at my home has been personable, knowledgeable and attentive to my requests. I have revised my total irrigation system (much needed) and despite the amount of digging and moving dirt around, my yard looks neat and clean.  I am also their first customer to install an automatic "bio-feed" system, so stay tuned to hear about and see the improvements in my plants and trees.  In today's competitive market, companies need to not only have good products, but also need to promote good customer service in order to attract and retain clients. AMS has earned my A+++ in this regard.  I now feel like I have my own personal group of "Garden Angels" watching over my landscape needs.   Sally S.
5	Being the post-apocalyptic disaster my front and backyards were, I expected to be shelling out a lot of cash for a cleanup.Not only did AMS have the best price (I checked with 3 other companies), they did an amazing job for the cheapest, and even cleaned up the back alley I hadn't even thought about. Eli was incredibly prompt at returning emails and setting up an appointment, and was even great about helping me with a payment option that suited me best. I'll definitely be using their service again in the future.
5	What a great company!! These guys took care of my landscaping needs and were super friendly!!I will definitely be using them again in the future!!
1	Fellow yelpers, I feel like I've been led astray.  In search of a decent landscaper, I turned to yelp, and found myself impressed with the reviews for AMS.  I looked up their website, and sent an email asking for a quote for tree removal.  The owner got back to me the same day, and scheduled an appointment for the estimate.  They came out while I was at work, took pictures of my yard, and provided an estimate for tree trimming and clean up, not tree removal.  This should've been the first red flag.  I responded back that I was interested in tree removal, not trimming, and within 24 hours I was given a detailed estimate for tree/shrubbery removal, capping off the sprinkler system and removing the lines.  I agreed to all of the above, and was told to leave a check on site for $50 more than the total of the estimate, red flag #2.  I emailed back pointing out the mathematical error.  They were somewhat apologetic, and a date was set to begin work.  Just before they were supposed to come out, the owner told me that they would need to reschedule for the following week, red flag #3.  Start to finish it took 10 days to complete the work.  The irony of that is I have a ridiculously small yard, with 1 full size tree, and two tiny trees.  Each day I was given the impression the work would be done, and each night I came home to find it was not.  First I was told they underestimated the amount of debris, then I was told they were having problems removing the stumps, then they had to bring in outside help to grind the stump, then they had to find someone else to come grind the stump.  Are you catching on....one excuse after another.  Each time they came out,  I took photos, and emailed them to the owner that night.  No effort was made to keep me informed of the progress, I had to ask what was going on each night after they came out.  I suppose that's my punishment for not being readily available to babysit the crew during the day.I paid extra to have the lines removed, and they quite obviously were not.  When I brought this up, the next day I found the drip lines cut to ground level.  I took pictures of that, and next they were cut just below ground level and covered in dirt (that's not obvious at all, is it?!).  This back and forth nonsense went on for a total of 27 emails, before I decided I'd had enough, and they could just refund me the extra I paid for the line removal.  After some resistance, the owner mailed me a check.There is an obvious disconnect between the owner and the crew working my part of town, and that's no way to run a business.  I can't help thinking had I been a man I would not have had any of these problems.  My experience with them rates up there with mechanics, car salesmen, and other professions that prey on the unsuspecting and estrogen laden.  Just because I have ovaries, doesn't mean I don't understand how things should be done. Also, their equipment gouged, cracked and chipped my patio.  I didn't even bother bringing that up to them; I'd already wasted 10 days of my life I can never have back.
3	I can't review their work, only the response. I emailed AMS for an estimate, Eli responded and told me they do not do work in Tolleson, AZ and gave me referrals to other companies. The thing that is strange is on their Yelp map it shows they work in Tolleson. It shows they go out to as far as 195th Ave and down almost to the city of Maricopa.I appreciate the quick response and referrals, but the map is misleading and needs to be updated.
3	Since I wrote my initial review, the owner contacted me to try and make amends.  He was apologetic about my overall experience, and offered me a refund to show that they stand behind their services, and that customer satisfaction is important to them.  I was actually impressed by this; this is beyond what I expected.  I would still be cautious if you choose to use them.  I definitely would not recommend it unless you can be there to meet with them and oversee the process.
4	I think yelp needs to make the Message notification section of the site much more noticeable.  I have logged in several unrelated reviews since I wrote this one and at no time did I notice the comments from Eli reaching out over 7 months ago trying to make this right.In response to his inquiry and for public knowledge : Communication began in email beginning December 3rd 2012.  He sent a very professional and thorough bid on Dec 6th- Lead property manager left several voice mails to clarify his bid work (mostly about who he contracts for palms) and got no reply- We then emailed on the18th asking for return phone calls- then again on Dec 26th- I wrote my original review on Jan 9th and still at that point had not heard back from AMS.Yes this was all during the holiday season, but work doesn't stop for us so we had to move on at that point and use a different vendor.Ironically the vendor we chose was less then appealing and we are looking for a new contractor to handle our west valley portfolio.I would love to give AMS another chance and provide even more stars to this review.
1	called this company for an estimate.  they took down my info and promised to call back withing the hour.  they didn't, so I'll take my $ elsewhere.  thanks!
5	I have recently hired AMS to do my regular mow and blow service. I decided to bring them on because of how responsive Eli was to my questions and emails. As a new home owner, I am no landscaping expert and I have a lot of questions. Eli is always very fast to respond, he worked quickly to get me a temp crew before my full time crew started, and when I ask for honest Do It Yourself Advice, he provides it without just trying to upsell me. While the price is reasonable, I knew that AMS was not the most inexpensive service.  I hired them because of how easy they are to communicate with, make requests to, pay my bill and answer questions. If you value service, hire AMS
5	Our front yard was a complete disaster and faces a busy street. After researching and getting a few quotes we decided to give AMS our business and so glad we did. Ryan came out, listen to our wants and needs, and then gave us some great ideas. The Emerald Palo Verde and different selections of cactus are fantastic. Our new watering system works great. (though I will have to have an electrician move the electrical run for the timer - but that's ok - I need other electrical work done as well.) I will be contacting AMS to setup routine maintenance service.
5	Just had AMS complete a job another landscaper left in a mess at mid-stream.  AMS showed up exactly when they said they would, gave a fair price, and completed the sprinkler pipe repair including cleanup afterwards.  I will definitely use them again and recommend hem to all of my friends who need landscape work performed.
5	I cannot say enough about Eli and this company.  A year ago I called them in to tackle the job of my back patio and they not only were quick, courteous and affordable but they also helped to take care of a nasty weed that threatened my electrical box outside.  The weed is still dead almost a year later and when I called on them to take care of my other weeds which decided to invade yet again (mind you, after a year of staying at bay) AMS Landscaping returned and took care of them yet again.  If you need yard work done or just seem to be inundated by weeds on an annual basis, I would recommend Eli and AMS Landscaping.  They are a wonderful company and very affordable.
5	I have been trying different landscaping companies but had issues of some nature.  Either they were over priced or once they arrived I could not communicate with them. Eli gave me quote in advance and scheduled the service timely with reasonable prices.  The crew showed up and did a fantastic job. I finally found a company I can commit to and maintain regular service.  What a relief!  Highly recommended based on my experience.
5	AMS Landscaping did a terrific job. From the woman that answered the phone to the two men that completed the job we were very impressed with their professionalism! I called AMS and was told that an estimate would be done on Wednesday, and sure enough, Eli from AMS Landscape completed his estimate on Wednesday. He emailed me pictures of the job and his pricing. When I emailed him back about a specific question, he responded within just a few minutes which was very impressive. We agreed on a price and scheduled the service to be completed. We were very happy with the work done (trimming bushes, cleaning up weeds, raking rocks and they even moved some river rocks for us from what side of the house to another!) Overall, I am very impressed with AMS Landscaping and would use them again as well as refer them to friends and family.
1	Not at all impressed. I had AMS come and do my backyard a few weeks ago.  I think my money would have been better spent with another company.  Eli was very prompt and nice, too bad he was not the workers who came to my house.  Being in a rental property, I needed my back yard cleaned up.  This was half done.  The trees that they would cut were cut only on one side.  The weeds that they would cut and spray with weed killer, are already sprouting back up ALL over the yard.  I could have bought a weed wacker for the price I paid.  Overall, I will not be calling them again to redo what should have been done already.  Very Disappointing since there were such great reviews on here.
5	AMS Landscaping is great company here in the Valley! Eli is awesome and the staff at AMS is professional and friendly. I would highly recommend using AMS for your lawn care needs!
5	Eli at AMS Landscaping is very responsive and took care of my needs right away. Ryan & Eli followed my instructions exactly and listened to my needs. Highly recommend and will use again!
5	Whether you need a quick touch up or a total grooming of your yard, AMS gets the job done! They are very responsive and great at finishing the job in a timely manner.
4	Called yesterday and Eli came by today to give me a quote - that's pretty great!He's a super friendly AND super professional guy.W/in 1 hr of him leaving I had a beautifully detailed quote (including options discussed) by email - excellent service there!Ultimately, I decided to go with someone else, so I can't comment on the actual work they might have done -- but I can imagine it would be as good as most of these reviews describe.Thanks, Eli!
5	Several weeks ago I used AMS landscaping for a one time yard clean up. I made initial contact via the website and then all subsequent contact between email exchange. They came out on the day they said they would and by the end of the day I had a quote waiting for me in my email. Pricing was fair and worth it for the time it would have taken me to complete what they did in a very short time. Thanks for the clean up!
5	I'm so impressed with this company.  Within a week, I've gone from reading yelp reviews about AMS to writing one!  Eli quickly responded to my email request for a one time clean up quote, they took pictures of the property while quoting us, the price was reasonable, and we got a date on the calendar, all conveniently via email.  The crew showed up this morning and completed their work quickly and efficiently.  They took care to tidy everything up after they finished and our yard looks so refreshed!  I highly recommend using this team for your landscaping needs - we will definitely use them again the future.
5	Very very impressed.  Prior to AMS, I would have to cally landscaper (went through a bunch) incessantly just to get th out (almost like they were doing ME a favor by coming to my house). I found AMS on YELP, and have been working with Eli.  It's been phenomenal, hassle free, immediately get a response and I get to speak with someone who speaks English.   Even the payment is done electronically.  I love these guys, highly recommend them.
5	Eli and his crew are the best - quick to respond to e-mails, professional when they visit my house, and always do a great job. I have three dogs and a brown thumb, so my yard isn't the fanciest, but they treat me and my house with a lot of care. I appreciate that!
1	From my experience, I don't know how anyone can afford AMS. I recently moved into a house where the grass is healthy, but it had not been mowed in quite some time. It was probably about 9-12 inches in height. Eli from AMS gave me a quote of $280 for an initial cleanup. Thinking that was way too steep, I asked how much he would charge to simply mow the grass - no trimming or weed control. Eli responded, "There was very little trimming at your property. I included it but it would not affect the price to take it away."So, in other words: He wanted $280 to mow my tiny lawn. TWO HUNDRED AND EIGHTY DOLLARS. To mow a lawn. The only way that is even remotely justified is if he were going to come over and manually trim every blade with a pair of scissors.Anyway, I got in touch with a gentleman over at Brandon's Landscaping. He was at my house within an hour of my phone call. He charged me $50 to mow both the front and back lawn, kill the weeds and re-mulch. It took him and his partner about an hour for the entire service. My lawn looks amazing, and I'm not poor as a result.
2	I was a long time customer. Not any more. I understand that there has been some apparent issues with your prior office manager; however, making that your customer's problem is bad business practice. Apparently I was never billed for January and June. That is so long ago and now I have to pay those invoices and what we expected to be a monthly service apparently is an every 4 weeks service so I was charged twice in September. That wouldn't have been so bad if these sudden other invoices didn't suddenly come up as well making the amount due way too much. We've been a customer for 2 years and even moved and recommended you to the buyers of our old house and kept you with this one. From the below reviews it seems that quite a few customers have been lost, including us, to the errors. I hope other customers situations are handled better. It really stinks because the actual service performed was great. Absolutely no complaints and we had a beautiful lawn.
