5	I found this lounge while attending an art exhibit at the Brett Wesley Gallery and being across the street, I decided to come check it out.The interior is very modern and comfortable feeling with lots of photos and other art throughout, which is perfect being located in the arts district.  There was ample seating and very cool tables.  We sat in a little nook that was both private, but gave us a nice view out a window, which is unusual for a bar.The bar itself smelled very good and although there appears to be smoking allowed, it smelled really fresh and clean and being a nonsmoker, I was totally comfortable being here.We ordered a sidecar initially, but they hadn't stocked Whiskey yet, so we got a Long Island Iced Tea.  It was about the same price as other downtown bars and lounges, but it was definitely better.  It was sweet, but not too much so, and they definitely did not skimp on the alcohol.Although it was a Thursday night, there were numerous patrons, and it seemed like a mixed crowd.  Although I'm a working professional and business owner, the mix of younger and older people was great and I felt very comfortable and welcomed.  There were definitely more educated and intelligent people here, and the manager who introduced herself to me (that's NEVER happened at other bars or lounges I've visited in Las Vegas) was friendly and excited for us to be there.Because it was recently opened, there is an open area that looks like something cool will go there later, maybe a pool table or shuffle board, or something fun like that.  They didn't serve any food, but I was told in the future they might find a way to do that.  I think having something to munch on during happy hour, would be a huge plus.I'm definitely going to make this my place to top off First Friday and being in the heart of the arts district, looks like its here to stay.
4	It's really hard to review this place because it is still so new. ( I went for the grand opening on 4/1 as part of first friday.) To start, I want to say that this place has GREAT potential. I saw several small issues that for now I will chalk up to opening day jitters. However, the staff seems genuine, which is a rarity all over town, and the arts district is no different. The manager allowed me in even though they weren't quite open, and the bartenders were beyond friendly and all smiles and "thank yous" despite some confusion. I felt like they were truly grateful for my business.They absolutely stole my heart when I saw they had stocked red plastic "to go" cups to help serve the First Friday crowd. The stereo system is amazing, and they blasted out a few songs throughout the night at full volume (undoubtedly to show the kiddies what their top notch system could really do.) which leaves me in anticipation of things to come in the music department. Although I have to say I'm concerned about who is doing the music and how...I was there probably a total of 3 hours in and out throughout the night, and at least 2 songs were repeated during that time period. If you are going to have a juke box this is inevitable, but when they are controlling the music I can't image having a playlist so short that you are repeating songs in such a short time period.Later in the night I moved with a group of Yelpers and we took over the back booth in the front room. The wraparound couch in this section is a great place to meet with a large group or to use as an excuse to get to know your neighbors sitting near you. There is actually a lot of this at Artifice and all of the seating, whether intentional or not facilitates talking to the people around you. I am always a big fan of this in any bar. However, there was only one cocktail waitress for all 3-4 seating areas. So, in short, there seemed to be one girl running around serving 30-40 people, and 4 bartenders serving 20-25 people. This made for a slightly longer wait time for our round of drinks than I would normally be willing to wait.Artifice could be exactly what the Art district needs, which is a spacious, but unpretentious place to act as a pivot point for the area. It's location on the perimeter of the First Friday blocks but steps closer to Downtown will undoubtedly create a new destination and it's size will easily accommodate the overflow from other places as well as those not wanting to stand in line on weekends. I'm not sure why they have a 1 am closing time. If this is not a zoning restriction they will most certainly have to eventually extend this. It is just an expectation of the city that will have to be reckoned with. The fact that they have their own lot, alone is going to make this a meet-up destination for the downtown crowd.Drink prices are practical and right in line with other similar places. I had a single well drink, and two draft Stellas and my bill was $15.The back area through the curtains is where I'm sure they will eventually set up shop for resident and upcoming DJ's which will make the space less awkward. For now It will just serve as a place to stand while you are waiting on a bar seat or booth table. The art on the walls is unique and fits seamlessly into this area. My understanding is that everything is local. Artifice is a place to keep an eye on, because as I've already said...This place has GREAT potential.
4	Here is a place that needs all the Love it can get from the Locals. Part gallery, part social den, Artifice is quite a chic place to get your booze on.Even when it's busy there is plenty of open area to mingle and sit, with roomy leather couches and a wrap around bar- you're bound to run into someone you know, or get to know someone you didn't! The music is an assortment of blues, jazz, and funk- with a splash of trip-hop. Finally a bar that can really bring out my inner Femme-Fatale!The bartenders are artists themselves in one way or another, and what's better than a sexy creative type to hook you up with all your alcoholic needs?! Not to mention polite and accommodating!I'm really looking forward to checking out future art shows! I've no doubt this is going to be absoluetly great!
4	Cool, hip lounge that has a little something for everyone. Wooden floors, dim lighting, brick walls, and paintings scattered throughout work together to create an environment that's both classy and edgy.There are 3 rooms, each with their own vibe, and a wraparound bar that connects the three rooms together. If you like your privacy, take a seat in the secluded area in the back right next to the bar. You'll feel like a VIP without having to pay VIP prices. If you prefer more of an open environment (or easier access to the bar), take a seat on one of the couches in the main room or at the bar itself. And if you are tired of sitting, then walk on over past the curtains into the performance/art gallery area where you can see stencil images of windows and doors on one wall and unique art on the other- a must see room that you need to check out. As music plays in the background (although at times too loudly), take a seat with drink in hand and just relax. The workers here are great! The waitress was kind and genuinely apologetic for the issues that came along with opening day, like the unstocked bar for one. Also, I'm curious to know the reason behind why the drinks were served in plastic cups and not real glasses...the plastic cups did not match well with the lounge environment. Artifice has all the elements to become a longstanding establishment in that part of town. I definitely want to go back once the kinks are worked out to see its true potential.
4	Located in the heart of the art district, this bar is an excellent addition to downtown. With lots of open spaces, great art on the walls, and plenty of liquor, the Artifice is a great place to kick back with friends or party it up, depending on your mood. Hopefully this cool new hang out will stick around.
4	I met some friends at Artifice on last Saturday night for drinks and it was very cool.  Artifice is a great new place to go downtown.  The drinks were good and there was a dance floor which is always nice.  I look forward to trying it again.
4	How refreshing !!! I had heard "chatter"   about this place and ran into it BY ACCIDENT. I walked in and was pleasantly surprised.  Hardwood floors, modern decor,  GREAT drink prices !! Nice size dance floor.And most importantly - GREAT music.It is just "off the beaten path." to not be overrun by "Buster's"I will certainly be back !!
5	This is the new second coolest bar in town (Griffin is #1).  Great vibe, cool music, beautiful art, great crowd, very local, friendly bar-keeps.  They have a short menu of fancy, hipster cocktails with all of the muddling and grating and Hendrick's gin and all that sheets.Downtown is where it's at, people.
5	Hip, smart, fun, modern, industrial, comfy, artful, entertaining, affordable, and accessible. Artifice hits on all cylinders. Several elements set this place apart from anything else in the valley. The space is hip without being overly trendy. The art on the walls, all for sale, is exceptional, and offers an essence of whimsy, almost indicating the place doesn't take itself too seriously and you shouldn't take yourself too seriously either. Too many places that present themselves as hip also add a level of pretentiousness that overrides the hipness factor, this place is not that at all. Lets talk entertainment. This is turning into a haven for creative live performance. Comedy has been part of the mix. The OK OK Amos Glick Variety Show featuring performers from the strip...mainly from Cirque, Le Reve, and Absinthe, is making this place it's new home. Earlier this week Itchy-O Marching Band invaded the space. Just think...a real marching band with drums and electronics.  http://itchyo.com/iomb/ It looks like other eclectic, interesting acts will be gracing the confines of Artifice soon as well. This is a rare establishment where 20 somethings can mingle with 50 somethings, it's THAT inviting. If your tired of the same old scene, here is your oasis.
5	Where else can you get a truly classy interior,REAL artwork that is for sale and then awesome bartenders who know your name. Be ready to kick back with city leaders,news people,attorneys,hipsters and small business owners who call downtown home. This is the new heart of the city where people will talk about "so and so used to hangout there". It's hard to find, but once you find it, you won't want to leave.
4	We went to the Artifice for happy hour and we were pleased with the relaxed, hip atmosphere.  Loved that the Artice has Delirum on tap.  The service was friendly and fast.  We definitely plan to return!
4	Artifice is a lovely spot for a drink in the downtown area. It is located behind The Arts Factory off 1st Street and Charleston. It is a large space, which looks like it could have been a warehouse in the past. The ceilings are large, the flooring is wood. It is very open when you walk in, which is a very different experience from most Vegas bars which tend to make you feel cramped.The bartenders are friendly and the people hanging out here are nice. I had a few really good conversations with the people sitting around me drinking. As I was leaving it sounded like a band was setting up to play. A little local music is happening here too. I will be making return trips.
4	My new favorite bar in downtown. The bartenders are friendly. Drink prices are reasonable. The decor is swanky. Copious amounts of free, easy parking. The clientele is eclectic. When I mean electic, it's fun to people watch if you're into that sort of thing. Weeknights are lowkey and chill. Weekends tend to be busier and the place can be packed.And best of all, I don't smell like an ashtray afterwards!!! Artifice, thank you for investing in adequate ventilation so your non smoking patrons, like me, don't have to deal with the fumes.
5	I've been to this bar twice now and both times it's been a different experience. The first time I came here was for a friend's going away happy hour and boy was it a happy hour. $2 PBRs and nothing over $4. I bought a few rounds for some friends and got pretty toasty myself for less than $20, that my friends is astounding. There was a DJ Battle taking place where patrons were playing songs off their iPods and the crowd dictated whether or not they could stay or had to go. Good mix of 80s new wave and modern hipster hits. Pretty fun stuff.The second time I visited The Artifice was with a friend that had just flown in from Dallas. The bar was much quieter and it looks as though some regulars were sitting around the bar and nobody was on the dance floor. Although it was a more low key night ( I believe it was a Tuesday) the ambiance of the joint was still super relaxed and fun. I recommend this place if you're looking to have a quiet drink on a weekday with a few close friends or looking for a fun new place to check out on the weekends. The decor is fun and retro, the drinks are cheap and the location is perfectly nestled in the middle of the Arts District. Not so much a dive bar, but not so different from one either. Highly recommend this place!
4	Great vibe, great DJ, and most importantly... fast service at the bar!  I kinda liked how it was an intimate size lounge, and I loved the art they had there.  Fun size dance floor with black lights and glow in the dark drawings on the wall.  They were spinning fun 80's music when I went there Saturday.  Very clean facility, and friendly bartenders.  I loved the service there.  It took me 5 minutes to order and get my drink.  Normally I hate how hard it is the get bartender's attention,  but they were very attentive of who walks up (even when it was pretty busy). Drinks were not over priced.   My drink,  which was an extra-dirty martini ($7), was perfect--not too strong and exactly what I wanted.  They also have this yummy beer called "Snakebite" (New Castle and Cider)--i recommend trying it!
4	I popped in here last night with a friend for the "So  You Think You Can DJ" thing.  Overall, I liked it and would come back again.But, let me just say this: THIS IS NOT A DIVE BAR. Stop it.Sorry, but a dive bar is just that -- a dive. This place is not a dive. It's brand new and it's lovely inside. Just because it's dark and occasionally smoky doesn't make it a dive bar.A dive bar usually has 2 or more old guys in hats at one end who haven't moved since 1968. Red vinyl. A jukebox with music older than you on it (and sometimes some new stuff mixed in). There's usually a vague (or not so vague) scent of stale beer, smoke and barmats.A dive doesn't walk around calling itself a dive. It just IS and if it's a good one, it's glorious.That said, while Artifice is dark, like most bars are, it is well-designed, it's got great art and reminds me a lot of the bars I used to go to in Deep Ellum and Expo Park in Dallas. Plenty of room to walk around and very nice ventilation.  The seating was comfortable, the bathroom nice and clean (though they were out of handsoap) and the service was pretty good.  Not 100% amazing awesome, but I was served relatively quickly while my friend was virtually ignored.  But overall, decent.$5 for a just above average vodka tonic -- moderate pour.  $5 for a Tom Collins, a little heavy on the syrup.I'd go again... even if only to play hipster bingo. ;-)
5	Cozy, classic and better than any bar you'll find on the Strip for half the price. Artifice gets an A+ in my book.They offer a fun handcrafted drink menu and a fantastic happy hour. $2 PBR anyone? Please and thank you. The house wine is $6 and wells I believe are $5 during happy hour. I actually met a chardonnay that I liked during their happy hour. And guess what? It was the house white. Typically the house wines are pretty offensive at most establishments (or maybe I'm just going to the wrong establishments), so I was really pleased that Artifice was stepping it up and saying no to crappy happy hour wine.The first bartender I had here was kind of meh, but the second time I came in the bartender was Mandi and she was just too nice and so personable! She introduced herself to everyone at the bar and made a little conversation with each individual or group. Again, you won't get that kind of personalized service 15 minutes up the highway and you'll pay more for it.Artifice is a great place to grab a happy hour or full priced drink (which aren't that pricey anyway) with friends or I'd even recommend it as a first date spot!
3	As some would say "The Freaks Come Out At Night" and they actually do and come to the Artifice. This place attracts what many would describe as "Freaks" but quite the contrary, these people are artists, musicians, dreamers and daydreamers. This place really comes alive on weekends with loud conversations, live bands and even live performances by some local dancers. I really dig the wall decor and wooden floors here...it kinda reminds me of being in New York.
5	Love this space, takes me to a bar in Brooklyn or Jersey City.  Can't get enough of it, the crowd is great too.  Not pretentious but not simple either.  Highly recommended, drinks reasonable, music good and server great- Safaya is awesome.
5	(AR - tu - fis)  is such a 1. skillful or artful contrivance or expedient!  This joint has to be my fave local bar in town so far.  No flossin' here.. come in with your most ghetto get-up and you'll just be considered "artsy"!  A slab of brick walls, a mix of ambient lighting, a spackle of creative decor, a pallete of cocktails, a gallery of a dancefloor  and babyboomer beats make up this bad beast of a masterpiece.  There is enough room in this place for ya mamma's mama and ya cuzin's cuzins. When I'm strutin' my scruff and huckin' my chucks.. there's simply no place I'd rather shake my junk!
4	Many Sunday nights you could find me hanging at the Artifice for the live Jazz music available from local musicians. The bar is spacious and roomy with a lot of comfortable standing room both near the entertainment or around the corner on more plush seating. Many of your favorite drinks will be available but I couldn't tell you what most of them are as I stick to 'snakebites', 'black-velvet's'  and Jameson :) It's a cool vibe and with all the commotion on the Strip, it's awesome to get away and enjoy some local musicians doing their thing in a quality space. Even if you don't make it for a Sunday night jam session, do yourself a favor and hit the bar up some evening. Dimly lit on the inside, the building is situated on the corner of First street in the Arts District of downtown Las Vegas with a bright neon sign. Casual and fun, but refined in it's styling, it's a bar that I get comfortable at and let loose whilst sipping on beers and jammin out to the tunes. See you there!
5	One of my favorite bars in town. Tucked away from the hubbub of the Strip and all the flash, this place does remind me of some bars in Brooklyn. Great place for a little rendezvous. A food truck was parked outside if you wanted a quick bite. I can see this place getting mobbed on First Fridays.
4	Artifice is a fun cool, hipster bar in the arts district. Checked it out last night and it was really fun. Kind of what you expect from that area of town. Lots of indie types chilling by the bar. Drinks were good size and strong. I think I paid $24 for 3 drinks and a beer so prices are good as well.  Loved the cool decor and paintings and the music was nice too. No top 40 crap like you hear in the casino clubs. Bartenders also chill.  It was really busy when I went because of First Friday so that made it a lot of fun. I'd have to check it out again on a normal weekend to see if the vibe is the same. I would definitely go back.
3	I like that this bar is really spacious. Lots of comfy seating.  I'd feel comfortable coming here for a couple drinks and not get worried that we couldn't find a place to sit or that we'd be crammed in like sardines.Actually getting drinks were another story.  As far as I could tell, there was only one bartender.  When I first got there, the bar back refused to make drinks.  But after a while, he had to or there would have been a riot.  I was there with a group that had drink tickets.  The bartender and bar back didn't set up a system beforehand apparently.  They were just making it up as they went along.  $9 drink, 2 tickets.  $10, 1 ticket + $2.  It was totally weird.  Happy hour is from 5-7pm, according to the menu, but I wasn't quite clear what happy hour was.  Asking would have invited controversy, as they were slammed enough without having to answer questions. I didn't see any cocktail servers.  It took about 15 minutes to get my first drink and the bartender completely forgot about my second drink.  They were completely overwhelmed.It does get a little smoky in here.  I couldn't stop sneezing.  But that probably was just the patrons that particular night.  Beware of the parking lot!  It doesn't have clearly painted lines. When I parked, it wasn't too crowded.  But when I got out, OMG, cars were just parked whereever, creating a slalom course just to get out.  I'm lucky someone didn't box me in.  People in Vegas do not know how to drive and it is now clear that they also do not know how to park a car.  Geez, people.  Park a block away and walk your fat, lazy asses.Back to the bar.  Nice venue but I'm concerned about the staffing.  The bartender and bar back did their best.  The specialty cocktails, mostly vodka or whiskey-based, didn't do much for me.  I might be back for the comfy seating and a beer.  But I was a little disappointed by my first experience here.  It's just A-OK for me.
5	I love love love this place, but mostly for the eye candy.  The art and decor are fun, and the vibe I always get when I walk into this place is they are a new buisiness moving in the right direction.  I love the seating, a private couched room that features an amazing portrait of Frida.  They also have lounge tables in the area to the left of the door and aligning the walls surrounding the bar area.  Dim lighting makes for a fun and mischievous evening for the daring.  The staff are friendly and like most local spots in Vegas that are not on the strip, the pours are heavy for those who drink and don't want to feel cheated.They also have a dance floor that features a disco ball and some new laser lights....but a DISCO BALL!  Amazing.  What I love most about this place is that I enjoy being there when it's crowded and confused, and I enjoy it equally when I am the only person in the place.  I just love the way this place makes me feel; like a spectator of all things interesting, strange, and naughty...
4	Artifice is a hit or miss for me. Either I end up there on a slow night or when it's packed and it takes forever to get a drink. I remember on a slow night, they had a dj playing some funky remix disco stuff, and the only people dancing were an older couple.When it's busy, it's much more fun. Either way I'm always there with a big group so we just find a booth and chill.
1	We REALLY wanted to like this place.  We love the arts district and it is just a few miles from our house.  We popped in on a Wednesday night after eating at the Bar Bistro.  When we walked in there were only two other patrons in the place and the bartender did not even acknowledge us.  We sat down and waited for someone to come take our drink order or even say "hello", but alas we were denied.  We patiently waited for 10+ minutes before getting up to leave.  While we waited, we watched the bartender text on her phone....fun, fun, fun.  On the way out my friend asked the bartender if they served drinks and was told "yes, but we don't have a cocktail waitress".  This is information she could have/should have mentioned when we walked in.  A simple "good evening ladies, we don't have a serve but I'm more than happy to take your order here at the bar" would have sufficed.  Instead of finding the cool neighborhood bar we were looking for to hang with our friends, we found an empty space with a cool vibe but zero customer service.
4	I have only been here once for a private party, but it was more spacious inside than I was expecting. The bartenders were friendly and made a good drink. The food that was provided for our event (not sure it was from them) was not super great, but passable for a cocktail party. There is an area in the back with two tables and wrap around couches that our group stayed at all night. I would be interested in coming back here on a normal night.
4	Fantastic downtown bar. I can't say anything bad about this spot. Definitely for a younger, hipster crowd but not in a bad way. The only flaw i would say is the design. If it's not completely packed the place looks desolate. It might be a little too big and spacious for it's own good.
3	This is a fairly mediocre Las Vegas bar. You can dodge the downtown scene a little here. The bartenders have always been nice to me. Drink prices are average. The art and general decor is unappealing to me. I have had really mixed experiences with the crowd there, typically poor. I only go when friends are there and then only reluctantly.
4	Fun place!  Cool decor, good vibe, friendly crowd, and just all around a jolly time.
4	I am slowly but surely falling in love with downtown. I headed downtown with a friend to attend the one yr annivesary of this bar/lounge. It was fun. The ambiance was great and the bartender was attentive.If you are downtown this is a laidback but fun place to be.I'm looking forward to their updated spring/summer drink menu!
5	Like a moth to the light, the sign of artifice, a piece of art in itself, attracted me to this awesome bar at the art district in downtown. A much familiar painting, an artist finds a useless building and turns it into ....what else?...a piece of art.  Museum like open spaces but with plenty of comfortable seating, a machineless bar where people actually converse  enjoying each other company by candlelight and a stage where  occasional bands play and people dance, super cool bartenders that take all this and mixes it with a smile into the perfect cocktail. I take a sip from my sapphire martini as I walk around enjoying the paintings and pictures and  Amazed how they made everything connect together, made some exposed plumbing look like a part of an installation by adding matching benches and making it an essential part of the composition. I'm a painter and I would never consider myself an artist, but I know art when I see it and artifice is more than your regular lounge,....is a piece of art and since I can't take it home with me, I'll be doing the second best thing......I'll be bringing myself to it...regularly.                            Keep the blue neon light on and the blue gin stocked.
4	Las Vegas Arts District.Spacious interior. Painting-adorned brick walls. Comfortable seats.The lounge. Local bands. Disco ball. The walls. Rotating star-filled sky.Friend's unfinished whiskey, straight. Burning.Departure.
4	We stopped by this place for Free Flow Fridays a couple months back since our friends were spinning that night. There was no cover; which was a plus!Artifice has delicious/reasonably-priced drinks, a nice laidback atmosphere, and it's pretty clean (including the restrooms). The dancefloor is huge! They also have plenty of seats for you to rest your feet as well. Overall a great place to drink and dance or hang out!
5	Great bar. Reminds me of home!  Great decor dark paint, cool bricks, nice seating. You can smoke and drink!  yippee
4	I came to this place to the account of the SCARLET Halloween party, and also because it was a Depeche Mode tribute and I love the band. I went with my sister and we met our other sister there along with her significant other. There were many people dressed in costumes, where as I, I dressed as.......my dark, usual self :). The bar within the lounge was substantial, with a healthy selection of beers to choose from(They even have Dogfish IPA, dunno if it was 60 or 90 min though). The seats for the booths were comfortable and the music played was loud and clear. I recommend this place, or event, for anyone who likes the darker things in life and want to relax in what feels like an underground establishment, away from the conventions of casino life.
4	I always have a good time when I head to artifice. It's a great space with an interesting mix of patrons and the music doesn't drive me insane. That's a win.
3	Artifice was nothing too special to me. There was no cover on the night I went, though there are sometimes special events that there is a head charge. Artifice is nice and roomy. Has a very lounge feel with tables and booths scattered along the walls. The place is nicely decorated and have a very hip feel to it. It's HIPSTER patrons add to this ambiance. The floors look to be made of hardwood. It really has a kind of classy, swanky feel to it.There is a large stage in the back where bands can perform. The night I went, they were dreadful. I've also heard a few amazing bands play. It's hit or miss.All in all, there really isn't anything too special or awesome about this place. It's just a bar with a mod feel and mustached hipsters. The Art Districts very own Griffin.
4	Artifice is a solid bar with several good drinks.  They have some signature cocktails that are nice plays on some classics.  I really enjoyed The Charleston, a variation on an Old Fashioned.The ambiance is great in that it doesn't feel like stereotypical Vegas.  It fits well in the art district theme, with retro brick walls on one side, and art adorning the other walls. Yet they accomplish this without feeling forced or hollow.  They have a small stage and I have had the opportunity to hear some terrific musicians there including a strong 3 piece jazz group and an insanely beautiful solo violinist.  I also have been here before in relative silence however...quite different.  I really enjoy that there are no working tv's...there are a couple cool art pieces in the men's restroom however.  Artifice is confident and knows who it is.  This is reassuring in an age of places that try too hard to be too many different things.Come here for a different feel than usual.Come here for some quality drinks.Come here for nice live music...just check with someone else for the schedule. Don't come here for food...you never know which food truck will be outside...then again maybe you follow them all on twitter and you do know.
4	A Vegas native took me here, hoping to impress his NYC guest. I have to say, this is a pretty hip spot, even by New York standards. No cover. Not overcrowded. Kind of burlesque-y sleek. Exposed brick, in that trendy, intentionally unpretentious, kind of way. As I sat in the sexy and dimly lit space, I pensively sipped my strong blackberry cocktail, while the DJ played dubstep and triphop vinyl that warmly oozed through speakers with their rich analog sound-- loud, but not so loud that I could not hear my companion. Unaccustomed to the smoking-friendly atmosphere, I accepted a cigarette, and smoked it slowly, twirling it in the curve of the ashtray that the handsome bartender slid at me. I kind of felt like I was in an old school Noir film.It was awesome.
3	kind of random but i think the people i was with made it fun !!
5	My favorite bar in las vegas! Great crowd, great bartenders and fun events.
3	This was described to me as "hipster central" - however, I went during their SCARLET goth night so I couldn't really tell.The bar is lively and has lots of comfy booths to sit around and chat with your friends. The red and dark accents really matched the theme for the night.The dance area is towards the back, with a line of stools against the wall for people to watch the dancers / take a break from dancing.  I came around 11pm and danced with my friend for a bit. The floor was pretty empty, which was good for us because we were blues / swing dancing to goth/industrial music. Later on through the night, more folks came and there was a decent crowd going.I didn't particularly like the smokiness of the place. My clothes at the end of the night kind of reeked of it.
3	I've been here twice now but both times for an event so I can't comment on the prices of the drinks.  If not for these occasions I can't say I would go out of my way to go here but the drinks are good and strong.  The raspberry based margarita I had was so strong I could only drink half.  The bartenders are friendly so no complaints there.  They don't serve food but there are a couple of restaurants within walking distance to coat your stomach if need be.   It has a lot of lounge seating which is great for groups and catching up with friends over drinks.  On a side note be prepared to call a tow company or kill some time downtown because even though you are parked correctly the chances of getting blocked in by an idiot on a busy night are high.
4	Solid 4 stars. Maybe in 5. A neat place to come have a drink. I believe every other Thursday or Saturday there is PRISM night hosted by one good looking gentleman. The drinks are reasonable, the atmosphere very quaint, very unvegas'sy, chill, relaxing place.The servers are good, but check out Prism night as it pulls an eclectic group of people. *Hint - No food is served. You can only drink your calorie here.
3	I have been here several times with friends and have always had a great time. It's a nice-sized lounge/bar and gets pretty full late nights. I went once when it first opened so it was a little slow, but still really nice relaxing time.I went another time during their Halloween party so everyone was dressed up, dancing, and having a great time. Another time I came to celebrate my 25th birthday with friends and got a little too drunk and ended up laying down outside the bar. Good times! I made friends with the bartender Rob who gave us all extra shots of Fireball. I'd say I've had some really memorable times here. Sometimes they hold weird nights where everyone dresses in bondage, so it's quite delightful to see that. They've put a theater in the back so I'd love to come sometime and see a show. Sometimes the DJ plays the music way too loud and you can't really hear anyone in your group except the person directly next to you so that can be a downer. In spite of that I'd definitely recommend to anyone checking it out.
4	I love it here!  Not only is it a great place for locals to get away from the strip, but it is also so much more relaxed than the other hipster bars on Fremont.  It has a great vibe, a decent amount of seating, fun music, and amazing bartenders.  There is always a good mix of characters, too.  So that's fun to watch.
4	Artifice is one of my favorite newer places that I want to frequent more often. I attended a First Friday the other night and after bopping around drinking and eating at the food trucks, I met up with some friends from out of town at Artifice. I love all the artwork in Artifice and the cool, laid back atmosphere of the place. I don't come here much during the week, but I want to because they always vary the format and are pretty open to just about any kind of act. What really set this place apart is that they are not stuck in one set genre or type of show and I think that's dope.Anyway, I ordered a few Stella's, and my friends ordered a Bloody Mary and White Russian and a Jack on the rocks. The cool staff always gets to us pretty quick, and have found that service is usually quicker on the bar backside near the door instead of the side facing the dance floor. My Stella's were nice and cold how I like them. My friend's White Russian was on point, but my friends Bloody Mary was a little watered down. We asked the bartender if she could thicken it up and she had no problem with fixing it with a smile. More friends arrived and as soon as it became the ten o clock hour, the DJ's started up. I'm pretty sure they are the same DJ's that spin every First Friday and that makes me pretty happy. The last few First Friday's I have spend here, I got my buzz and my dance on to a mix of Feelgood 90's rap, Early 2000 electronic, with a mix of new stuff throw in for good measure. Crowd is cool, always a 25-35 crowd, all down to hear music from our teens. Puts everyone in a good mood for sure. Since it was First Friday, we can't spend too much time in one place because of all the cool stuff going on, but it's a great place to come back to. All the staff is really nice, and most of the people that go are a good crowd to mingle with.Hope this review helps!Cheers!~MikeB
4	What an awesome little bar right in the heart of the Arts District. This hot spot has retro decor, vintage artwork and cool staff makes this a perfect place to spend a Saturday night.
4	Located in the Art District. Cool place to check out on First Friday, next door to the Bistro. Came here to attend Prism. which was a gay event. Started out really slow, we arrived about 930. Hung around till about 1130. at that time is when the crowd started to come on in. they don't have bud light if that's what you like.. but they have stella, corona, Heineken... plus. and mixed drinks. Its so very artsy and it changes in the dance area where the DJ plays from time to time.It definitely a place for all to check out. Good music, good sound system. But it did get a little too loud to hold a conversation. Nice booth and great amount of seating space so you aren't forced to stand if you don't want to.
4	Great atmosphere and great service. Stronger cocktails so you get a good bang for your buck. House red wine was pleasantly smooth and cheap. Cigar friendly as well. Easy to get a table/seat and they have music playing throughout the bar. Great place to hang out with friends and unwind.
4	I like this room a lot. Ample stage and great lighting and sound -- it takes some talent at the mixing board to overcome the echo-inducing concrete in the room. The bar area is adjacent and connected and will slake your thirst. The decor is great... full of local art and dark woods. I've played three or four gigs here now and have had a great time at each show.
5	First time guest of this establishment on a night that they were advertising some cover bands playing The Cure and Joy Division.  What's that you say?  Well, yes, I think I will check it out!  I really like the decor, layout and spaciousness of the place. I'd say there were a good 100 or so people in there at its peak and I never felt cramped.  Plenty of seating in and around the bar.So, I saw 3 cover bands during my visit.  The first was a solo acoustic guitar player who did some Cure covers intermixed with a few one liners.  I enjoyed his set very much.  The second band was a female led band that also did some Cure covers.  It's been a while since I've seen one of those keyboard guitars so that was kind of a trip.  The girls voice was a little too shrill for my liking but hey to each their own.  The third band was the Union Jacks; the majority of their songs were Joy Division songs and they killed it.  Playing some classic hits and rarities that only a true die hard fan would appreciate.  I'd go back just to see these guys play for sure.On to the bar service:  Was I really at a bar in Las Vegas?  I almost couldn't believe it.  Why?  The service was OUTSTANDING.  The ladies at the door were pleasant and assured me I would enjoy the show.  I arrived alone and made my way to the fairly crowded bar top and was greeted immediately by a very friendly guy behind the bar.  Upon ordering and delivery of my Newcastle I realized I left my walking around money at home.  I explained to him that I was going to the ATM at the other end of the bar to grab some cash.  "No problem man...I'll bring your beer down to that end and have it waiting for you there so you don't have to walk back" he proclaimed.  WHAAAAAAT!On to the bathroom attendant:  This guy was great and very personable and had a good selection of products that I rarely if ever make use of.  That being said the few times I visited the men's room he was always there greeting me with a smile, some hot water, soap and a clean towel.  He kept the place tip top shape.Finally, the DJ:  after the bands were done playing the DJ came back on and wouldn't you know it he was playing a bunch of "goth" tunes.  I swear I heard some Sisters of Mercy but that could just be me dreaming.  In any case I was into pretty much all that was being played.  Far better than the pop and hip-hop that most places play.Thanks for showing the new guy a good time. Will see you May 4 for Scarlet...One and only one "complaint" and this may be a misperception on my part.  This is not the best area of town.  Maybe some security out in the lot?
4	The bar is conveniently located next to Bar and Bistro so you have a restaurant within walking for some eats to soak up all the alcohol you imbibed at Artifice. The interior is well designed with dark walls and art. I haven't been there when a band's playing but the stage area looks promising.  The bartenders are friendly and knowledgeable about their beers/wines. It's a great place to hang and have some soulful conversations with old friends and new.  It's not a meat market with shallow people. The people there tend to be artists/professionals, and if they try to pick up on you, well, even professionals/artists need some lovin'.
5	We visited Artifice for the first time tonight, since we happened across it while taking in First Friday in the downtown area.  It was swelteringly hot tonight, and Artifice was dark, and air conditioned so we walked in.The doorman was so warm and nice!! Very friendly, and an excellent first impression of this place.I went to the bar and got a Ginger Ale to cool me down, and the bartender was again, FAST, and very very nice.  The drink was priced well too!!We sat in a booth that I chose because it was directly  under a nice cold stream of air while I finished my drink, before we left.I have to say that while we were inside, I looked around, and it was really nice all around.  It was clean, there was adequate seating, the music was a nice volume (not too loud, not too quiet to be heard over the ambient noise), the staff and clientele were all very nice and I will definitely be visiting again.  Artifice is definitely a Vegas-DO! :)
4	Artifice is a hip bar. Yes, I used the word "hip" and am instantly feeling old. It has a nice artsy fit and finish. The cocktails are quality and the service is great. The only knock I have on it is that it is just a little too sterile. It feels like that friend's loft that has just too many right angles, opposed to the friend who has a condo with fine style, but you could also see yourself crashing on the couch. What I am trying to say is that I would not want to crash on Artifice's couch. Which is copacetic, because I do not believe they have couches, and if they did, they probably would not like me crashing on them. Still, this place is much better than 90% of that bars in this valley. It is the student that just barely got into Duke, and is going to struggle a bit when they get there. (Alright, I am done with crappy metaphors.) Go there. It is fun.
5	This place is amazing the crowd is awesome, the drink prices are great and the music is always good. I love the interior design of the place and the service is also good. I recommend it for someone who's trying to kick back and have a few drinks :)
4	I've been to this bar a few times and the service is pretty consistent. Bartenders are busy, but friendly. I noticed them having to put up with some very irritating customers but they still remained positive, maybe a little sassy (which made me laugh)Fun and hip vibe. Drinks are pretty good. They have live bands, last night Red Eye Radio was playing (they did a great job, as always) For my first drink I ordered a Bloody Mary and it totally hit the spot. Rock salt rim which is my favorite!! For my second drink I ordered a dirty martini and it was great. After that I switched to my standby Citron and Water... also good.  The bar seems to get busy about 9pm. As busy as it gets it doesn't seem too crazy. You can still get to the bathroom with minimal waiting. I definitely recommend checking this place out when in the area. It's a great place to grab a drink after checking out the Cockroach Theatre!!!Pro tip: I've noticed people bringing in pizza boxes... I've seen it enough that I assume its not taboo... I would definitely ask someone before, but it seems like a great idea.
2	This place is an alright place for small shows. It feels stuffy and unclean. The bartenders aren't that friendly. I would only return if a friend insisted we come for another show. Other than that i would never choose to come here to hang out for a tasty beverage. Bleh:/
4	One of my favorite bars of all time.  Bartenders are awesome and the crowd is def more of a local scene.  DJ's spin & bands rock on the regs plus they have events happening all the time too so usually each weekend is different.  Mad space makes it very cool even when its busy.
5	Favorite place to land in all of Las Vegas. Makes me feel like I'm back in Chicago amongst the best pubs in the world. The staff is fabulous: bartenders are mixologists not just jackandcoke slingers. The vibe is magical: like the best jazz bar Vegas doesn't have mixed with the chic atmosphere that can only be found in the Art District. Prices are more than fair for the quality ingredients. I highly suggest entering through the front window and spending a late week night as a local amongst a cool crowd, non-exclusive to hipsters. Great whiskey selection too...
5	Tonight was my 1st visit to Artifice and I can't believe it took me so long to finally check it out. Great place, super nice staff. I can't wait to go back again!
5	This place is great. The bar tenders are friendly, there's no damn gaming, and their karaoke on Wednesdays can't be beat !
4	I've been to Artiface a few times, only for Scarlet, the best goth night in Vegas.I love coming to goth night here.  The bar and entryway areas have plenty of seating, with ample open space.  There is a separate area just off the bar that is a large open room with a stage, and a dj booth.  this is the dance floor.   This is where you will find me doing the "I'm so goth, I'm going to dance in a circle around myself and look bored" dance.  :)  there is a row of seats and a small bar set up along the far wall leading to the bathrooms in this room, where people can sit and watch us dance, and where we can leave our drinks/coats, etc (with supervision, of course.)The bathroom is clean (at least the ladies' is, I don't know about the men's.)I really like this place. Drinks are a little pricey, but...its really pretty much on par with a lot of other places.  I'm used to divey dive bar prices.  It was $15 for 3 whiskey and cokes (one double, and a single)...I'm used to a few dollars cheaper than that when I go out drinking, but...its really much cheaper than a lot of other places out there, so...I'm just cheap, what can I say. ;) I'd like to come out on a non-goth night, just to see what other people gather here, and what other events are here too.
5	Don't come here to get your boring common drinks.They open around 4ish and close...uhm I don't know. Haha. But their happy hour is from open to 9 pm. $2 off speciality, $2 PBR, $4 well drinks, $5 jameson cocktails, $5 Kettle One cocktails, and $6 house wine. EVERYDAY.Bartenders are very. Doesn't get busy until 8 or 9 or 10. Best time to go? Opening time. Bar ALL FOR YOURSELF!!!
5	The best bar in the main street arts district hands down.  They have a great bar and stage for weekend shows, with a dancefloor for the spinners.  Hipsters and Artsy downtowners are the rave at Artiface.  Great bar, 5 Star stuff.   The owner is a rockstar in vegas downtown real estate development, and his bar shows a vision of what Las Vegas will be in that location now and in the future.  First fridays, this place is packed, but then again its packed every weekend.  LOCAL VEGAS!   All LOCALS!   and a few stranded tourists...5 Star fun...
4	Came here before attending a play at the Cockroach theatre. Got AWESOME service by one of the bartenders named John. He was quick to offer up to go cups and get our cocktails quickly. I was on a "date" so I didn't get to take the time to check out their signature cocktails but overall it looks like this place has ample seating and a nice vibe . I really enjoyed how friendly all the bartenders seemed and when my drink got low many were quick to come and offer a refill. I can't wait to come back and try it out with my friends.
5	This place is Smack !! The best mixologist I've come across in this town who isn't pretentious about what he does. Thank You Scott!!! My new drink you made up on the spot. I said, make me something Primal!!Chris the best!  Shit!! This drink is like smoky tobacco and Steak!!! I'm naming it "Primal Smoke"
3	I went to the Artifice last night for a drink before a play at the Art Square Theatre.  The Artifice is part of the whole Art Square building at the Corner of First and Hoover.  The Artifice has a performing section in two different sections and last night they were having an art class in the section closest to the theatre.The Artifice is part of the whole Art Square building at the Corner of First and Hoover.I went to the bar and got a diet Coke.  The bartender asked if I was going to the theatre.  When I told him I was, he put the drink in a plastic cup which is allowed in the theatre.It was fairly quiet last night.  The bar area is a large, dimly lit place with lots of seats at the bar and at booths in the bar area.  It appears like it'd be a good spot to spend some time with your friends and have a few drinks before going somewhere in the Arts District downtown.
5	This place is a gem in the Art District of Vegas. Wednesday night is Karaoke night and the place always has a great vibe. The bartenders are hilarious and personable, they really make you feel welcome. Robcat the bartender is awesome!! You will feel welcome the second you sit down and you will know that they truly appreciate your business. To be honest the outside looked sketchy the first time I met my buddy there but when I walked inside I was shocked by the cool artwork and how neat and clean it was. This place is a must for locals but tourists are treated like gold also. Sounds like I work there doesn't it lol! Seriously it's worth checking out.
4	I came here for a friends benefit for his son.  No more details need to be explained but it was for a great cause.  This place opened its doors, offered its people and singers/bands performed.  For the cause, I am glad I came and saw this place.  I have never been to the arts district for a nighttime experience/bars!  It was hard to find because the link to the yelp map does take you to the wrong location.  Once getting to the right location it is pretty much on the down low the lighting in the sign only light half of the sign and there are no signs around the door.  Little shady looking, but after walking in wow.  Nicely decorated in hip decor lighting is awesome for the nighttime experience and the staff is nice.  Prices are middle ground and the acoustics are good even though we were sitting on the other side of the bar from the bands.Definitely a do over!
4	I've been meaning to come here for some time, but somehow it's been one of those spots that's slipped through the cracks. I came as our friends were having their first show here! The Grenades are worth checking out https://www.facebook.com/thegrenades?ref=br_tf I wish I could comment on the cocktail quality as I love libations, but alas I am on a no alcohol phase currently and just had water. The bartenders were fast though, as various friends disappeared to the bar and emerged from the throng fairly swiftly. I do like this place as a venue. Theres a room with a stage and is standing room aside from a few stools on the side or from parts of the bar you can look in and watch the show. The sound was decent in the space and not too loud. Somehow the space achieves being open, while having smaller booth nooks and areas that are segmented. Hopefully the next visit won't be too far off. It's a good spot to drop in if you're watching something at Art Square or checking out a gallery next door.
4	One of the few places in Las Vegas I'm actually comfortable in.  The strip feels superficial and vapid, locals avoid it anyway.  The Artifice has easy parking compared to most places downtown, the inside is gorgeous, there's plenty of seating and the bar is huge.  I haven't tried ordering anything crazy yet, but I'm sure if I was feeling whimsical the bartenders would have me covered.  I've been here for the goth night Scarlet, as well as a regular night when a cover band was playing a free show.  Always a fun atmosphere.
