4	Still so new, but I am giving 4 stars for the concept.I went to see The Red Chapel on opening night. Not as crowded as I thought, but that's okay. I am not trying to be negative, only relaying my experience. Upon entering I am greeted but not asked for my ticket. It's a kind of a "what do I do now?" feeling. So I want to order a glass of wine, but there is no wine list, so I ask for a Pinot noir. When I go to pay she says $16 and I was stunned, but then she proceeds to tell me the machine is down if it's not fixed soon we'll give you a free drink. Thinking that the drink may be free I decide not to push the I didn't see the wine list and I would not have ordered a $16-3oz. pour! Anyway, the lounge setting was very inviting and plan on coming back to hang out, even if there is no movie playing, there will be drinks served. So I enjoyed the documentary, liked the lighting in the theatre and the seating options, although there are no cup holders for drinks yet, there are tables for groups. However the theatre was a little cold and I was not prepared :-( So when the movie was over, I was told the card machine was fixed and given my $16 bill. It turns out she charged me $8 for the wine and $8 for a ticket. However I had purchased a ticket online, but no one had asked me. So she did put the credit back on my card. The staff is friendly and even eager, but the ticket taking issue may have to be worked out. I will be back as often as I can to support this local & cool business. Thanks for adding life to downtown!
5	Is it a lounge? Is it a theater? Nope it's both, and it rocks at BOTH!It does have a bit of the "ok, what now?" atmosphere (as previously stated) when you enter but after that is super chill. The lounge area itself is a nice wide open space where groups can very comfortably congregate.We went to a movie and sat in the back (with bar level table seating) and the staff came by three times offering bar service (very cool!).  The theater has 4 or 5 theater rows and 4 or 5 bar level tables and chairs in the back. In a small space they've really produced a good movie theater feel! Nice job!I wish they had hard liquor as this would be a great way to delineate it from the other nearby establishments (especially since it has the best chill atmosphere in the area). I hope this place takes off 'cause it's super cool.
4	This place is still really new, so they're still getting the kinks worked out, but it looks great and the film selection is awesome!  I went there the Sunday of their opening weekend to see Metropolis.  It might be a little confusing the first time you go, but you pay for your movie tickets at the bar.  They don't have paper tickets yet, they just gave me and my date little stickers.The theater has 4 or 5 rows of comfy seats and a few tables in the back for people with drinks.  Metropolis was in Blu-Ray and looked amazing.  The showing went off without a hitch.  They even gave us a free bowl of tasty snack mix to eat during the movie.  I'm not a drinker so I can't comment on the bar offerings, but I think it's great to have a theatre showing rad independent and classic movies downtown.  I really hope this place takes off, I can see myself visiting it often.
5	Found by accident or perhaps divine intervention. Truly this is what Phoenix has been missing in the independent film circuit. Good drinks at very reasonable prices and a single spacious theater where they screen local as well as international independent films. Great atmosphere and very friendly staff. A must for the art community. Highly recommended.
5	Really love this place.
5	FilmBar fulfills a much needed niche for CenPho's cinema lovers, as well as a very interesting option to the area's bar scene. I found myself excused from my astronomy class early on their opening night, after my weak ass professor canceled lab, and I swiftly realized that instead of star gazing I would actually be able to attend their much anticipated opening night.The digs are really swank, the interior is even nicer than I imagined it would be, and the atmosphere is really enthusiastic.They have a fully stocked bar, and a really great brew list to boot: Lagunitas IPA's for $4 and PBR's at $2.The movie showing that night was an interesting documentary about two comedians in North Korea, I sipped on my IPA as I watched and enjoyed the plushness of the vintage theatre seats. The screening room is set up with rows of theatre style bucket seats and there are a few tables with chairs in the back. The Bar area is divided between a lounge with cushioned and inviting seating, and the bar proper, replete with sultry lighting and sexy bar staff.I am so glad that they've finally opened, and I really just cant wait till I can come back and enjoy another visit.Harkins and AMC can kiss my white ass! !VIVA LE FILMBAR!
5	VERY pleased with this great addition to downtown Phoenix entertainment options. Well curated indie film selection (thank you, Steve Weiss) and abundant showtimes.  It was so great to walk into the theater and find a generously sized screen, seats and legroom with options for sitting at hightops in back with friends to get bar service during the movie.  High quality picture and sound make movie viewing well worth the ticket price.  Tickets at $8 and a selection that's far more fascinating than the multiplexes.  They are mixing up the lineups which allows you to see a double feature or even a triple feature if you have the stamina (buying separate full price tickets for each screening).  Can't think of a more welcoming and enjoyable way to wait for the movie to begin than to lounge in the low lit cozy bar before or afterwards.  Thank you for the ample selection of themed snacks and drinks to match the themed films that are screening, what a wonderful and thoughtfu touch.  Ample parking, but better yet it's just a few blocks' walk southeast of the Roosevelt and Central light rail station, so leave the car at home altogether and make an adventure of it, perhaps by visiting the Public Market or one of the excellent bars and restaurants nearby.  Go to the filmbar often!! We are so lucky to have this jewel of a place in Phoenix.  Can't wait to return!
3	Concept is fantastic and I'm very happy to see something like this downtown. Would give it five stars but thought it was a little silly they charge $8 to see old flicks... But  the films they do show are great. And no drink specials, ever?
5	I love this place, great film selection, well targeted previews, can't wait for the espresso machine. Need more snacks.
5	Finally got to explore the FilmBar!  Had a great time.  Met a friend for drinks before a show.  Great beer selection made drinking choices easy.  The decor is delicious.  I wanted to touch everything.  The lighting is wonderful!  My friend tipped me that the owner was our bartender/projectionist.  He was amazingly calm, even though it was a pretty busy Monday.  It was the only showning of Thor at the Bus Stop, which was a hilarious and clever film.  I appreciataed the customized previews.  FilmBar rocks, and I will be attending screenings frequently.  Side note: I left my jacket on a bar stool and came out to use the restroom.  When I finished, I found the bartender gallently holding my jacket out for me.  The service here is amazing right now.  Take advantage of it!
5	My new favorite hang out in Downtown Phoenix.  I have been here a few times now but last night was my first taking in a movie. You really don't know what to expect on walking in.  But you are greeted with a calm, cozy and colorful environment, a perfect balance between casual and "fancy", great for bringing friends, business associates, a first date or whomever.  The bar/lounge interior is designed well to mingle and move people around. The theater is larger than I expected, with about 5 rows of roomy, comfortable seats that offer plenty of leg room.  They offer 2-3 different movies through the week and there are typically 3 showtimes. Make sure to check their website for the movies and showtimes of each.  They don't have a ticket booth but all you have to do is ask any employee for a ticket and your drink of choice and they have got you covered.  They serve several varieties of bottled beer, a cider, a lambic, wine and some bottled sodas.  Kelly, the owner, is a fixture here, while he has a full staff that helps him on a typically busy night (like Friday & Saturday), any other night he is the man serving up cold beer, setting up the movies and sharing his passion for this great new venture.  His style, taste and calm demeanor are refected in the overall feel and artistic texture of this place.What are you waiting for go check it out!!
5	We saw a movie here tonight, very comfortable seats, very clean. The movie had an enjoyable,  unpredictable story, great acting, and honest emotions. So much better than regular, commercial movies. Everyone who loves movies should go to downtown Phoenix, just about a block south of Roosevelt. We don't want to lose this important place! We deserve to have it right here. I've lived here my whole life and I was so glad to have this place open up. The people who own and work for the theater are very nice and welcoming. Come and check it out!
4	Finally got a chance to check out this place last Saturday! So glad that I did!We went to see an indie doc and I was really impressed with the calendar. Upcoming films are actual small indie and foreign films that you would never see at Camelview.The bar itself is a bit sparse on the decorations, but the style potential is there. Perhaps they are working on the ambiance? They had a great beer list, and although I didn't try any snacks it was nice to see them on the menu.The theater was extremely comfortable and intimate, and the picture and sound quality were excellent. I enjoyed the film with my beer, although I'm not sure how the cocktail service would work if I had wanted another. Should I have waved the waitress over on one of the few times I saw her pop in the room? I suppose it will become more clear once us Phoenicians get the hang of this new-fangled theater-bar :)I would highly recommend FilmBar for a date or just a group of friends craving an awesome movie-going experience with a great option to stay and chat over a drink after the film. I can't wait to go again!
5	What an incredible addition to the downtown Phoenix bar scene! The independently owned FilmBar has a great beer and film selection. It's the type of place that I want to bring all of my friends from out of town and say, "look at this! See! Baby Phoenix is growing up!"Make sure to check the website to find out what film is playing. No point in going to the FilmBar if you don't stay for a movie. I take that back. Go to the FilmBar for a drink, and realize that you should stay for a movie too.
5	This type of joint is exactly what Downtown Phoenix (well, all of Phoenix) needs. The list of upcoming films is very exciting & I think I might be making a weekly stop at this place. The staff is pleasant & helpful & the owner made it a point to introduce himself to me. He seems genuinely excited about this venture & made it really easy for me to want to spend my local dollars in is establishment.
5	5 stars for the most comfortable seats in ANY theater I've been.Another 5 for the film calendar, some really interesting looking flicks.Beer menu... check, 5 stars.Now I only saw one film, but the audio/video quality was, well, not so good....  Since it was animation, more than likely it wasn't their fault, so I am sticking with 5 stars and will update after my next viewing.Great to see indie places like this popping up in PHX.
5	Things I LOVE about the place:The swanky, Eastern Indian inspired decor. The colors and textures are all very rich and it has a great lounge vibe.Movie selection. Great films, and I love that it's all things that are too indie for Camelview. I'm looking forward to their selections of documentaries.The owner. He came and visited with us, made small talk and discussed his vision for FilmBar. You could tell he is passionate about cinema, and is excited to bring this to Phoenix.Things that were kind of a drag-When I walked in, I felt a little unsure of what I was supposed to do. Do I sit at the bar? Walk around the back? If I sat down at a table would someone serve me or did I have to go to the bar? We eventually figured it out. Having a hostess on busy nights or someone greet you when you walk in would help the newbies feel welcome.Having never been there, I didn't realize that 'appetizer' meant bag of chips. Which was fine, but I came hungry because I thought there would be actual food. This wasn't anyone's fault really, but in the future I'll definitely eat before coming. The cackling chicks sitting one row back. The movie was fine minus your commentary. That can happen anywhere though.Overall, this place is completely rad and having only been open like two months, they've surely got some kinks to work out. I was teetering between four and five stars, but in the interest of support and wanting this place to truly succeed, five stars it is.
3	Filmbar could be the bee's knees, seriously. Food, beer/wine, great atmosphere, and independent film in a theater! Awesome! The food is not the best, it was microwaved spinach or lamb/beef pies. Not the most impressive, but they were tasty and 2 for $5. The beer and wine selection is exceptional! Craft brews abound and great grape choices on the wine. Staff is friendly and knowledgeable, you can get cold or warm pint glasses and bring them into the theater!The theater is small but nice. The screen is well sized to it and the seats are comfortable. The projector is awesome! Sometimes you can see the volume meter appear on the screen to adjust the level in the theater. Its only been open a month, I am hoping to see improvement, but damn its nice to drink a beer and watch a good flick!
4	Filmbar is fantastic conceptually. I've been wanting to actually open one up since I was in high school. As far as I got was to host movie nights at my house or apartment and invite groups of people. I even ran one biweekly  for yelpers and friends a few years back and showed indie and foreign movies. So the discovery of filmbar truly piqued my interest. Upon arrival, we were both impressed and confused. We didn't know what we were supposed to do at first and it was a little awkward. If it wasn't for the owner coming out to talk to us, we would've felt uncomfortable the entire time we were there - like uninvited guests at someone's private hipster house party.This isn't just a bar... it's a bar that has a movie theater in it. It would've made a huge difference to have someone who works there to welcome people in and tell them "how it works" or something. Make that happen, filmbar. The decor is classy and refined. The layout is intimate. If you're with a group of people, be prepared to split up into smaller clusters. The atmosphere is dark and cozy. The theater itself is a decent size - larger than home theater and smaller than a screening room. It appears as though they just have some speakers up and a screen and a projector hooked up to a DVD player. The seats are somewhat comfy, but put together cheaply... In a few months, I predict they will start looking kinda beat up... in a year, they will need to be replaced. My biggest gripe is that the acoustics and layout of the theater make it too easy to hear drunk people talking to each other over your shoulder. Also - no cup holders for your wine glasses. Disaster is looming nightly. We saw Spike and Mike's Twisted Animation... number 50? I saw the very first one that played here in Tempe ages ago. Didn't the internet and youtube render this pointless? The sound quality was awful for the film, so it's difficult to judge whether or not the sound in the theater would be good if they played a good film. The video was awful too - film/art school projects - tough to tell given the film shown. We're definitely planning on showing up again for movies and booze. I'd like to see some more options for beverages and nibbles. I'd like to see a greeter or ticket booth or a little more organization. I'd like to see "I Saw the Devil."
5	I loved the film bar, they have a good selection of beers and the atmosphere is so unique. Fun experience!
4	We tried this place with some friends who were back for seconds and were just stoked to know this was within biking distance for us.  The place is unique and very well thought out.  The owner was this young cat that sincerely cared about our feedback and was very passionate to build this place.  You can have some good beers and wine while watching some great indi films, the theatre itself has some theatre seating and if your wanting more of a table sitting then you have that too. Recommend some pretzels and nachos so I can call this home.
4	I absolutely love this idea and had a great time here.  Since it was kind of confusing what to do, let me break it down for you:- Go in, and order your drink at the bar.  They have happy hour till 7 (woo hoo!) where drinks are $1 off.- If you are going to see a movie, also tell the bartender you would like to purchase a ticket.- Once you receive your drinks - go on in and grab a seat! I don't think any of us received any physical tickets, so don't worry about that.- Enjoy your drink and movie! Feel free to get up and leave if you want more drinks. The theater is smaller and intimate - with seating for about 60.  The back area is nice with high tables and bar stools.  About an hour into the movie, someone came around to the back tables to see if we wanted more drinks. My main complaint is the service.  It was really busy when we went but I still found it unacceptable that I had to ask for a glass of wine THREE times (from the same person) over a 15 minute period before I received it.Despite the service, I had a great time and can't wait to go back!
5	As I entered, I was thinking, "Am I in Phoenix?"  We needed a cool place to see movies and we got one! My friend Perry actually filmed a documentary and his premiere was on Monday. What a neat space! As you walk in, there is a bar on your left. As you go to the right, there is a beautiful room, cozily decorated in an almost Moroccan theme. I love the chairs; they are like elevated cushions--super comfortable! The staff was attentive and friendly. We entered the theater and was greeted by the guy who chooses the films (I am not sure of his actual title). He gave a pretty long intro and talked to the crowd a lot about how he chooses movies, etc. Pretty interesting, but we were already sold; we were there. Would have liked to hear from Perry longer instead of this guy! The theater is adorable. I believe it has 70 seats. Behind the normal seating, there are several bar tables and chairs. We watched the previews, which were super original and funny. I am thinking, again, "There is no other place like this in Phoenix." Excellent! On Mondays they offer $3 movies from local producers and film makers. I want to be a regular here! As Arnold says, "We will Back!!!!!!"
4	What a gem in Downtown! I went with some friends to hang out and see a movie the other night and we were all so impressed.  This is an awesome way to support independent films and local business while having an enjoyable, interesting night out.   The tickets are $7 or less (depending on when you go) and we had some great local beers for $4 a piece, which to me, for downtown, is inexpensive.  The owner was very helpful and friendly and so was the rest of the staff.  When you walk in it is very swanky but I didn't feel like it was at all pretentious!  A great downtown vibe.  We watched the movie with a few other folks and the director was there to answer questions afterward which was a great bonus!  This is a wonderful place for a reasonably priced night out (but yes, eat first as there are only a few items to hold you over) and a very unique experience! Will definitely be back!  Only suggestion is to put a bike rack out front for us local people!!  Please!
5	It has ART, MOVIES, and GREAT DRINKS!i LOVE THIS PLACE!i think ALL should try it out, don't just go for a movie but for drinks, the lovely staff and great selection of beer and wine make this spot a "one of a kind" LOVE YOU FILM BAR
5	This is a cool place.   The decor is so artsy and the music is great.   You can see a movie or just hang out for drinks.  The movies are independent, foreign, documentries, etc  The owner comes out and greats everyone.  What a great place.
5	Awesome place! So glad they are here! If youu're a fan of obscure movies, this is the place. Love the atmosphere also.
5	So I came down to check out "Mixed up Sundays." There was a dim haze of flickering candle light...everywhere. As soon you walk through the doors any drama  weighing your heart will disspate.   Only good vibes.  You'll be puzzled by the Art on the wall...its interesting. Sip on a Guiness and let the funk flow through you. You'll be nodding in  no time.     If you are lucky to be with someone this would be the time to head on to the back and sit quietly in the theater. Hold hands or something ;).  Leave and have a part two horizontally.  Bravo to the owner you nailed it bro
5	Finally got to a movie here last night for "Bear City", and what a terrific experience!  No question that for environment, style, and beer/wine selection, this place may be the most interesting spot in Phoenix.  I actually ENJOYED the slimmed down theatre space as well -- it's all part of the joy of discovering seriously off the radar little films that, yes, one can always rent on Netflix, but nothing beats a shared experience.  I'm hoping that they might add some interesting baked goods for nibbling, and maybe even three or four tapas selections at some point -- but not having them didn't detract from my enjoyment.  Sure hope this goofy city sustains this place, we NEED this desperately!  Can't wait to go back for "13 Assasins"...and whatever else is coming up on the schedule.  LOVE, LOVE, LOVE FilmBar, hope it survives!
5	Have long lamented the lack of a true independent theater in Phoenix, and we were so excited when FilmBar opened! We have been to several movies and the staff is welcoming, the drink list is long, and the price is more than reasonable. Please support this establishment...we need more than just AMC and Harkins here!
4	I want this place to be my house. The seats are giant and comfortable, the beer here is the kind of beer I like, and the servers are extremely nice and smiley. Smiley people are either creepy or trustworthy. The dude that was behind the bar Sunday afternoon was the smiley trustworthy type. I'm the kind of person that drinks one beer and is drunk. I drank one beer and sank 25 feet into one of the giant comfy movie chairs while watching a Bill Plympton film. My friend actually fell asleep in his chair with his legs crossed. I also like the sound in this place. It's niiiiiiiiice....so comfy...snooore snore snore...The only thing that would be lacking is the snack selection. I like a broad range of snacks. Maybe it's for ease that they don't have a diverse snack selection, or maybe I've been in society too long that I've been trained to expect snacks at a movie. Damn it, I'm like Pavlov's dog. Anyway, if this place is gonna be my house someday I would like more snacks. The end.
4	I found out that this pace is also BYOF! You can bring outside food. That solves the food issue, which was the only barrier to 4 stars for this cool little spot!
5	Love the idea...independent movies, wine, music and great lounge ambiance!  My new hang out spot....if see me say hello:)
4	Whilst walking the Roosevelt Row area I came across a sign for FilmBar.  This is a place I had never read about or heard about.  The sign boasted 30+ beer variety and independent film.  I had to check it out.  Glad I did.This is one of the most unique places that I have been in.  There's a bar up front near the entrance and there's tables as the room wraps around the corner.  Most of the seating is in an area that is incredibly dark.  Too dark for me so I ventured back to the bar area where there was more light.  Very unusual but interesting none the less.  The decor was different too: puffy stools and benches at low seated tables.  It had an oriental feel almost.  The beer selection was impressive and they even have a cinema to screen flicks.  FilmBar is a very cool place.  It's a unique business and I'm so glad it's here and look forward to visiting again in the not too distant future.
5	Finally, a non-commercial movie house where one can see an independent picture show AND have a libation (in a can if you wanna!!)!Love this place. Very swanky and reasonably priced and friendly staff!
5	Go, go, go!! It is such a great movie going experience - I highly recommend! I  love supporting local businesses and this one is fantastic. They feature non-commercial films and offer wines by the glass, cream sodas, and much more for you to enjoy while watching the film. It has a hip, indie, chill vibe; the total opposite of Harkins theaters.I'd go every week if I lived in the neighborhood.
4	No need to sneak in your liquor to camelview 5. You can just go to filmbar! Pick from artsy independent films and an extensive "snotty" beer list. Then you're good to go.Intimate feel too. When seated in the lounge, you'll have to lean in real close to hear your date. That's great, sometimes.The Indian style paintings on the walls were done in exchange for plane tickets. The artist went to town on the walls, then he went to India with his girlfriend. Isn't that awesome?!I like places with stories. This place has them, galore. Give it a try!
5	The Film Bar is a one-of-a-kind venue here in Phoenix. The atmosphere is low-key and layout is perfect for happy hour, parties, and for seeing great independent and foreign films. I'm so glad I found this place. It is always an enjoyable experience. I love the ambiance they've created in their space.
5	Not only do you get a visual experience in the parking lot...but wait till you get inside! This bar/lounge & theater has such a great atmosphere & vibe going down :: Moroccan lights, perforated steal & wallpaper stencil art by Joerael Elliot...this place is HOT! Then you have what you went there for...the films!! All independent & if you stay on top of it, you'll even get to see real film projection as they showed 16mm last night!! Real animation...can you remember?? SO GREAT!  well enough reading and go visit my new local bar & theater!
5	Great place to watch a movie.  I took advantage of the Yelp discount and there were no problems.  Its a little tough to find so map it out before you go.
4	On the plus side, they: A) serve wine and beer, B) Give you a place and an atmosphere to sit and talk about the movie before and after in the lounge area external to the auditorium C) give us film buffs a place to see alternative cinema on a big screen.The only negatives are that their projector isn't quite up to the standards of Harkins or AMC, so the picture has a sort of back-projection TV feeling to it. I grant that this could have been inherent to the film I saw (Thirteen Assassins), but then the trailers and announcements had the same sort of partial dullness to the image. I know that high-end digital projectors must run into the hundreds of thousands, so I won't dwell on this shortcoming.Anyway, a good addition to the downtown scene.
4	I've been hoping for a new independent film venue in Phoenix for a long time, and this is definitely a step in the right direction.  I'm a big fan of The Loft in Tucson and hopefully something on that scale will make it here in Phoenix someday.  Even then however, the filmbar fits in a nice niche.The place has a great location in the heart of downtown.  A little parking on the property and plenty of street parking - so no problem there.  They've done a decent job on renovating the inside of the building (I remember this building "pre" Filmbar) and they're probably still working on the outside - but I'm sure it's a work in progress.  They have a decent bar and intimate seating set-up for drinking and snacking before the film.  My main "ding" on the place is the service.  They're either just not trying in this area, don't know how to provide good service or don't really care about it.  When I walked in with my partner (the first time there), the two people behind the bar just kind of looked at us and stared.  It's not really intuitively obvious what this place is when you walk in the first time - do we seat ourselves, do we order our film tickets at the bar, do we order drinks from the bar or do we sit and have a server?  A simple - "hi there, have a seat and we'll be with you" would have been all it would take.  So I guess my advice is - go there for the film, but the "bar" thing is not really their thing.Inside the theatre was done just fine.  Really comfortable retro type seats and a really good sound system.  And - you can drink beer/wine when you watch.  Awesome!Glad Filmbar is around and hope they make it.  I hope it's supported in the community.
5	Dropped by the other afternoon while I was visiting family in Phoenix. Had a glass of red wine, but really would have preferred a mixed drink. The cost of the wine plus the movie ticket came to the cost of just the movie back on Long Island. The bartender/owner was very pleasant and engaging. Once inside the theater (love the fact that you can carry your wine in), there were just a few coming attractions, and all of them were for movies that I'd like to see. The feature film was spot on - a documentary about the life of Phil Ochs. It left me feeling sad because we could use Phil Ochs now more than ever. In all, this is a very positive thing for Phoenix.
5	This place is epic.
5	This place encompasses everything I desire in a venue. A solid beer/wine list, cool atmosphere and off the beaten path indie films will keep me coming back.  I first encountered FilmBar on First Friday, our first stop.  No one was in there, but it was early. We grabbed some beers from the friendly owner, checked out the theater and relaxed in the back.  I love the tranquil decor and my phone loved the availability of outlets. I returned for the Wednesday night showing of the Phil Ochs film.  A great film about a man with something to say!  I was once again greeted with friendly staff and an amazing deal.  A good beer and a movie for $8 (with Yelp discount)!  I must also profess my love for the bathrooms and how the sinks are outside of the bathroom.  Speeds up everything.  My date pointed out it also encourages hand washing, which is always good. They have snacks I have yet to try.  Only downside is no beers on tap, but I heard that might be changing soon?  Great place for a group of friends or a date!  To the owner/employees: I'm Scarlett.  You'll see me here a lot.  Thank you!
5	I love Filmbar. What could be better than watching an indie film with a good, cold beer in a place where only people with similar interests hang out? The front section of the place, when you walk in, is a small bar with a good selection of bottled beers and wine. (Man, I sure wish they had draft beers -- perhaps get an exclusive on Sedona's Oak Creek Brewing Co. brews). The owner is very friendly and easy to talk to. The other patrons are as well, and love talking about movies and such. Inside a bit further, there's a lounge area that has a good atmosphere, a bunch of bean bag chairs to sit on, and it almost begs for a hookah option. Inside the theater, you have a screen about the size of the smaller ones at a Harkins, but that's OK because you can sit up close and the room only holds about 40 people or so. We saw a good documentary the first time we were there, and now I want to go back and see 13 Assassins. I'll trust this guy to bring in some good stuff to Phoenix. Highly recommended spot! [Edit: After viewing 13 Assassins, we found that the music from the bar was very audible and distracting during quiet parts of this excellent film -- what a shame.]
4	A movie theatre with a lounge in downtown Phoenix? I think Scottsdale (I mean hell) just froze over. This is great venue for watching an independent flick while enjoying your favorite brew and Japanese snack. I can't wait to visit again because I've heard that FlimBar now has beer on draft!I recommend the chili bits with a chimay or sesame snack with an oatmeal stout.
4	I was recently introduced to the FilmBar, right in the heart of Downtown Phoenix, and absolutely fell in love with this place. It was "girls night" and we were out celebrating a friend's birthday. The bartenders were very nice and even gave us complimentary saki to celebrate. I didn't have a chance to watch a film, but the bartender took us to the theater (where we had to silence our phones before we entered), and I saw a pretty big crowd enjoying the movie. The only reason why I'm giving this bar 4 stars is because they didn't have ice for my water... I either had to have the faucet water or buy a bottle.  I have been waiting for a place like this in Phoenix for a long time.
4	Different in a good way. I love the Morocco theme throughout. Limited selection in food and drinks. It's a beer spot. Nice music by independent artists and only has one screen which features an independent film of some sort. Great date spot that's out of the ordinary. Don't expect popcorn and coke- just not gonna happen. There's a few rows of theatre seats and a few bar tops in the back. Overall a nice quaint establishment. I'll be back!
5	Oh, FilmBar, how I love you!  Went to a 5:00 show today.  I appreciate this venue more every time I visit.  Although the beer leans away from the dark, decadent, delicious side and they are always out of Kilt Lifter, I still love it here.  Today I saw "The Robber."  The heavy breathing and snowfall made me appreciate how great the sound is and how crisp the picture is.  The seats are super-comfy.  And kudos to Kelly for his savvy use of social media for marketing.  I've been here weekly for the past couple of months, and have seen the business grow like crazy.
4	First visit and while it was pretty slow on a Sunday night, the place had a great vibe and potential. They only serve beer and wine but I think their decor and the film angle will serve them well. Good luck Filmbar!
4	If you want to have a beer while watching a independent or arthouse movie, especially in a theater completely free of children, then this IS your theater.It's a deceptively comfortable and big screen theater, with nice chairs, as well as tables in the back.  Have 2-3 pints while watching a cool flick, or maybe even a bottle of wine.Or have a before show drink, then carry it in when the theater starts.It's a neat experience.Don't be turned off by the exterior... it looks like a mid-century small insurance agency from outside.  But once you walk in the doors, it's dark, great mood lighting, velvet everywhere, and just very mellow. The perfect drink and a movie date place?
5	this is a dope spot. it made me think downtown Phoenix doesn't suck so much. i've only been there once. they have a wide selection of beers, local brews and others. i drank a tasty ale out of Prescott...i went for the Tuesday comedy night, which had a great lineup of comics. the space is roomy, both the theater and the lounge seating...when i went, the artist-i forget his name, sorry-was painting some additions onto the mural that drapes the inside...it was pretty "hip" without any pretentiousness...there is nice, local art on the walls, and the service was top notch. midway through the night they knew my name and drink...i will be going back both for the comedy night and the movies...check it out!
5	Six months late, I finally had my first Film Bar experience last night and boy did it not disappoint.First of all, there's something cool and instantly comforting in shaking the hand of the owner within 10 seconds of arrival. Film Bar is Kelly Aubey's brainchild and he deserves all the positive pub he's receiving for putting such an innovative entertainment concept in the heart of Downtown Phoenix.Anyway, here's why I love Film Bar (in no particular order):1. Beer. I like beer, and barkeep Joe did an excellent job designing a beer list that showcases local (San Tan/Prescott), regional (Stone IPA, my personal fave), and imports (some interesting German brews). There's wine too, which I admittedly know less than nothing about. My date liked the Riesling, if it's of any consequence. 2. Theater. The screening room is spacious yet intimate. Seats are comfortable and spaced nicely. I understand there's in-seat service but we didn't receive that attention. Not a big deal, as the run time of the film was only 83 minutes so we weren't getting the shakes or anything. For a longer movie I definitely think I'd be happy to have a server come around and offer me another beer. It also warrants mention that Film Bar is a 21+ theater. That means no babies. Holla.3. Conversation. I think my favorite part of Film Bar is that it promotes post-film dialogue and fellowship. Instead of fleeing the Harkins in pairs to head to the Cheesecake Factory or some other crappy destination for overpriced food and bad service, at Film Bar you can grab another drink and talk to the people who just watched the movie with you. We stayed at the bar but there is a really inviting conversation area in back with comfy couches and romantic lighting. "You experienced Film Bar exactly how I want people to," a satisfied Kelly told us as the night was winding down. 4. Movies. OK, so last night's feminist art documentary, "Women Art Revolution" wasn't exactly a popcorn flick, but that's kinda the point. Film Bar brings in movies you wouldn't know about, much less see. The late show was a martial arts action flick called True Legend. And in August they'll be showing Some Days Are Better Than Others, a rom-commy film starring Carrie Brownstein (Sleater-Kinney, Portlandia) and James Mercer (The Shins, Broken Bells). I am RSVP'ing yes for that one.5. Value. My date and I had a drink before the show, saw an educational and thought-provoking movie, and had two more drinks each post-show all for the whopping price of $35, which included a $5 rebate when you check-in on Yelp. Pretty sure you'd pay more to see Transformers 3, drink Coke Zero and eat chocolate-covered raisins. Checkmate, Film Bar.6. Locale. It's Downtown, across from Just Breathe Wellness Sanctuary on 2nd St and Garfield, so if you do want to go somewhere else post-show you have some great options within walking distance (Breadfruit/Rum Bar, Moira, and even Carly's, The Roosevelt, etc.).Can't wait to go back to Film Bar. Congratulations to Kelly for giving Downtown a much-needed cultural shot in the arm.
4	I visited the Filmbar for the first time to watch WAR (Women Art Revolution).  This is a great little place for hanging out with your friends while having a nice glass of wine or beer and taking in an independent or foreign film that has gone unnoticed by major chain theaters.  The atmosphere of the bar is very casual with an Arabian theme and they have a live DJ in the evenings, which was nice but the music was a bit too loud to allow for any conversation without having to yell at the person standing right next to you.  The service was also very nice.  Our bartender was very calm, patient, and considerate.  There is no table service or ticket booth.  Just saddle up to the bar to get a drink, your ticket, and your bag of freshly poped popcorn.All-in-all, I had a great time and am looking forward to my next visit. . . Le Quattro Volte?
5	I love FilmBar so much and had to write an update for them giving them the 5 stars that they deserve!  It seems that they have worked out some of their newly-opened-business kinks and everything is now wonderful!I've been going to FilmBar at least once a month (although usually twice) for the past 5 months because they have such an amazing lineup of truly independent films.  On Monday nights they let a local organization show a film and keep the profits from ticket sales - a great idea!!They now offer beer on tap and popcorn - something I had been anxiously awaiting.
5	Filmbar- love this place!! Obscure, independent films. Great wine and beer selection. Cozy atmosphere, I feel right at home!! Been here three times now and intend on more visits! Check out the website for showtimes and more info. This place speaks for itself!! Did I mention I love this place?!!
3	TOTALLY a fan of the concept. I find the theater seats to be SUPER comfy. Still waiting to be moved by a film I see here. So far, of the two, they were just OK. I especially like that you don't have to go someplace else to sit and discuss the film with your friends after. You can just grab another $5 draught and get to it!
5	"This place rocks!"Those were my exact words I used after we left this place back in June. During the week we went they were showing some weird Chinese movie I ended up enjoying.  We again decided to take in a movie there last night but came to find out that Tuesdays are stand up comedy nights. That definitely did not deter us. In fact, it made our evening.  Now when you think of local stand up comedy, I think of awfulness. The lineup they had for us last night was for the most part extremely funny. Out of the 8 or so comedians, 6 or 7 were great. One guy was extremely witty and disturbed, which I like, and one guy only talked about drugs and sex (probably why he was the worst). The headliner was some Asian guy and he was entertaining to say the least. I love living downtown and with the addition of FilmBar, I love it even more.
4	I love FilmBar.They have a pretty good selection of beers and wine, all reasonably priced.I have seen maybe 8 movies here and I liked each of them. They show a wide variety of movies ranging from classic films to new animated movies. I've seen several wonderful documentaries here as well as an amazing samurai movie and some cult classics. If you get a punch card, after you see 4 movies the 5th is free! I believe if you go on Monday the films are discounted. They also have a pretty good happy hour as well.Ask them about their film bar fly program. It's cozy and comfy (both in the lounge and in the theater) and is a great place for a date-night. On saturday they host a world music night. The creation of legendary local deejay, DJentrification. This place can get pretty packed on Saturday night but I would highly recommend going at least once. It's really special and something I haven't seen any other club/bar do.If you haven't been here yet, I suggest you go put on your shoes and get your butt to FilmBar immediately.
3	I like Film Bar a lot.  I would give it 5 stars but I want film bar to be that, A FILM bar, not a music bar, not a comedy bar.  There are plenty of bars to catch music and comedy in this town, we don't need more of that. Film bar, could you please stick to being that?? A film bar.  I want to be able to go any afternoon evening without calling ahead, or checking the internet and know that I am going to be able to catch a film.
4	We came here using a groupon or living social or one of the thousands of deals now available. I can't keep track. We were there the day the deal expired, and I think everyone else was too! The place was packed, which was really nice. We sat at the bar and had a beer before the movie, then grabbed another to drink during the show.The movie was SUPER interesting. Not anything I'd seek out on my own, but definitely worthwhile. I think a lot of the films here are like that.We didn't even see the big loungy area until after the show. Bummer! I'd definitely come back and hang there before or after a movie, very neat looking.FilmBar is definitely recommended for a fun, unique night out!
3	Its a movie theater that sells beer.  Lounge area is funky, but the seating is uncomfortable, to put it kindly.  The beer selection was nice, and I think we may have chilled longer had the lounge been more...again, comfortable.  It was totally cool looking, but not...comfy.  My back hurt after sitting on the back-less round pillow chairs.  Again, beer selection was impressive and the staff were very friendly and welcoming.  The theater looked cool and it would be fun to check out a show here (if they showed something I would want to see - films seemed to be geared to people smarter, cooler and more hip than I am).  I like to watch stuff blow up, and the list of films was a bit short on those.  Cool place though and I am glad I gave it a try.
5	Film Bar is awesome!!!!!!!! They show a wide variety of movies ranging from classic films to new independent movies. I've heard from several friends of wonderful documentaries that they have shown there. They also show some cult classics. If you get a punch card, after you see 4 movies the 5th is free! If you go on Monday the films are discounted. They also have a glorious happy hour as well, and don't forget to ask them about their film bar fly program. It's cozy and comfy (both in the lounge and in the theater), with a nice Moraccan feel. My friend brought me on a Saturday night and it was pumping. On Saturday they host a world music night. The creation of legendary local deejay, DJentrification. You definitely need to check this place out.
5	Great place to have a drink and watch a movie, so much better then going to a regular theater.  Why spend the same price you would for over priced popcorn and a coke... instead just get a couple beers.  I much prefer this place, then your traditional theater.  My only complaint is that I wish they had more of a movie selection, either way still a cool place to see a flick.
5	We went to Film Bar a couple months ago and had a blast.  I just purchased two more tickets and plan to go back in the next couple weeks.  The atmosphere and movie was awesome.  People were friendly and very helpful.
4	Great place! Good beer choices, but I wish I had brought my glasses to read the chalkboard menu. Visited during a comedy-burlesque-potpourri show, so have yet to see an actual film. Definitely will return.
4	For anyone with movie-envy from friends living in LA, SF or NYC who talk about going to cool art house theaters, this is the answer for Phoenix. Unlike Camelview, which is more of a traditional theater, FilmBar is really more of a cool bar that also happens to show movies. You can simply go to grab a drink, but doing so before/during/after one of their flicks is what this place is all about. Forget about some of the big-budget movies that you'll likely regret seeing and check out FilmBar for a unique movie going experience.
4	Overall, I have to give the FilmBar a great review.  I love the idea of having an Indie film house so close.  I don't drink, but I don't have a problem if others want to and the atmosphere is perfect, I almost expected to see Tom Waits playing piano in a corner somewhere.Only one complaint, sometimes drinking (and people who have had a little too much) is not compatible with enjoying a great movie experience.  We had a row of tipsy movie goers behind us yesterday that could not keep their mouths, phones or snoring under control.  It made a movie that was difficult to hear and understand (thick British accents and idiom)  even tougher to follow.Still jerks are everywhere and we will definitely be back.  Keep up the great work and we will definitely be bringing friends next time.
5	A new Phoenix favorite.Independent movies? CheckAwesome beer selection? CheckCool drinking atmosphere? CheckBYO food into the theater? Oh yeahCheck out the "membership" for cheaper movies, all day happy hour, free popcorn, etc.
5	Awesome environment, great beer selection, tables in the back in case you want to bring in outside food. Seriously, could this place get any better? I've seen a lot of obscure films here, all for a very reasonable price (anywhere from $3-$7). Besides the bar in front there is also a cool lounge perfect for discussing the film you just watched. It's easy to miss so I really hope this place stays open.
4	I'm so torn on Filmbar.  The concept and execution are great.  Then there's things like a lack of filtered (drinking) water and ice.  That's kind of a big deal I think.  I like tastes, and PHX's water isn't a taste to be liked.  I can also appreciate running out of a beer that is quite popular, but it can get annoying if that's your first choice.  I find myself wishing something "better" was playing at the theatre sometimes.  That's not to say there aren't amazing things being played; there's plenty of good things."I should go to Filmbar! I wonder what's playing tonight."*Checks*"Meh :/"I like the rotation of bottles / seasonals.  The art is often quite good.  The bathroom situation (see: the sinks) is strangely one of my favorite ideas, being a germ-a-phobe and all.  The DJs that frequent the place are quite good and bring an interesting mix to the music scene, something Phoenix needs more of.  Watching Filmbar evolve to its full potential will be interesting and fun.
5	I loved this little bar and would love to come back to catch an independent flick!  I certainly would have caught todays matinee if I had the time.  Thanks for hosting the Yelp group for our Yelpiday Local Crawl.Great art and decor in this lounge/bar/cinema.  The staff was super nice and the wine was superb.Thanks FilmBar for supporting the downtown area!
5	I went with some friends to see Fix on a Saturday night.  We drank beers and a bottle of wine and afterwards spent several moments staring at each other in disbelief.  We had thoroughly enjoyed ourselves and couldn't believe we hadn't been there yet and started making plans to go back.  It was a great time. One of my friends decided he was going to make FilmBar a regular weekly stop. Here are some things that could have ruined my experience had I let them: non-filtered tap water, bar music thumping through the theater walls during the movie (our movie was louder than the music for the most part so it was a momentary realization), aaand that's it.Here are some things that made it awesome for us:  VERY nice, attentive, helpful staff, choice of either theater chairs or bar tables in which to sit and watch the movie, ALCOHOL, excellent film, plus, it was fun using the communal hand washing sinks I can't explain why.I loved the FilmBar and am happy that I finally made it down. I can't wait to come back.
4	This spot just exudes cool. It stays true to the eclectic Downtown Phoenix vibe with funky artwork on the walls, mis-mashed (yet matching) decor, dim lightening and independent fills. Before I visited FilmBar, I couldn't quiet grasp the visual (even after reading the reviews). I didn't get how it could be a bar and a movie theater in one without one disturbing the other. But then I visited FilmBar and realized that yes, it can be done and FilmBar did it! When you walk into the bar, you'd never suspect that there was a movie theater hidden through the doors to the left. It just looks like an independent bar in Downtown Phoenix with twists and turns that lead you to another room. The seating is limited but the entire back area has a long cushioned seating area and several round cushioned chairs. There's also plenty of standing room. I love the smell of pop corn upon walking inside. However, that's it for food. I'm hoping that one day they add a limited food menu to the mix. I think that would get more visitors through the doors during off hours. Now moving on to the films. These films are for the movies elves who are fans of independent off-the-beaten path cinema. They play everything from movies that you've never heard of to classics as well as indie movies that have limited locations. Matinee tickets are only $5 which is a score and then you've got the bar when the movie's over!
4	I haven't been to one of the movies here YET, but the Latin-techno music night was more than enough to catch my eye on this place. We stayed there for about 2 hours and we had a great time. Good bar offers and a good D.J.!
4	Whenever I visit the FilmBar I always think .... "hmm.. why don't I come here more often."The seats are comfortable, the movies are always great and I love the decor of a modern-morocco-an theme. Parking is easy and we are supposed to support the arts. The valley doesn't have many of these venues people, so lets patronize them, and often. It's when they are gone ( not that FilmBar is going anywhere-it's always full when I go ) you regret ( like the Royal in Mesa ). One complaint- they don't sell diet soda. What's that about ?
4	This is a very hip, swanky, cool place. Like others have said, you would not know that there was a movie theater in this place because of the set up. I was here for a girls only happy hour and we had a great time. The even offered to extend the happy hour for us ladies for the time we were there. How cool is that.  The only downfall is of course that there is no food, except for popcorn, but you they will let you bring in your own food or even order out. Not too shabby. (just make sure to clean up after yourselves lol)I may come back soon to see one of the movies that are playing and to get that experience as well, but I liked what I saw so far and that is win in my book.
4	To begin I mentioned YELP and got my $2 off. Whoo Hoo.  FYI the admission was only $7 to start with, not bad.  Overall I liked the place.  It is very eclectic and just plain cool.  We arrived early so we purchased our tickets and inquired as to dining in the mean time.  The gentleman behind the bar and the lady and another gentleman were all very helpful in giving up ideas in walking distance.  We chose Carley's Bistro up the road.  Very good recommendation. Once our dinner was over we returned for the movie which started on time.  Seating was standard movie seating and optional high top tables and chairs in the back.  We chose the latter.  The screen size was good and the picture was a good as any other venue.  Over all I would say good, not exceptional.  The odd thing was the music from the lounge outside was a bit loud for a part of the movie so we kept hearing screams and cats meowing for a while.  I think another patron when out and mentioned it because shortly after she returned to her seat it got better. The films are definitely not what you will find in your local theaters and to me this is a positive.  I personally enjoy an alternative point of view.  I also enjoyed the crowd.  It was eclectic and far form my usual North Scottsdale selection.  The vibe was indeed good.  I will be back and I recommend this to everyone.  It is a good date spot.
4	Where else can you see speciality/independent/small films AND drink/dance before/after?! Nowhere by here, baby.
5	What can I say that hasn't already been said about this wonderful bar that smartly combines booze with movies. To be honest I didn't much care for the movie selection here, so I put off checking this place out for a while. A group of us decided to stop by "Palace" (held every saturday night at filmbar in the lounge) one nighte to see Djentrification spin (best dj in the valley!) some worldly jams. Filmbar doesn't look like much from the outside, but give it a chance! Inside is a totally different story! Beautifully decorated, they serve up some great local (and foreign) beers, and offer a very intimate atmosphere! Tuesdays offer stand up comedy, while Thursday through Saturday Filmbar plays host to some of the most talented disc jockeys Phoenix has to offer! Throwback Thursdays are really cool if you dig old school hip hop!We finally did see a movie here a few weeks ago... Melancholia. Pretty depressing flick, but interesting to say the least.
5	Fantastic experience - bartender was super friendly, the beer list was HUGE and high quality, prices were unbeatable. We saw "Being Elmo" for $5, can't say we've ever literally smiled through an entire film before! And when we were finished, voila! already at the bar! Beautiful space, very cool decor and tons of seating. Close to some good food and good bars as well. We will be frequenting Filmbar with our handy dandy punch card!
3	This is a really fund concept. Buy a few drinks and watch a movie, and if the movie is in french (a language i don't know) just get some more drinks and it wont matter what language they are speaking. I heard this place had food, but when we went they notified us that their kitchen was no more. Sad day, food would have made this place that much better. Some people brought a meal in and ate outside in the lounge. The lounge is very hookah bar esque, and i am surprised they don't have hookah there.. This is a fun little place. I don't know if i'd go back, unless they had a really good documentary i want to see...
5	Really, really impressed with the vibe in this place. Filmbar is a nice mix of 60's throwback and Moroccan lounge. Sat at the bar and chatted with the bartenders and owner Kelly. Having just spent the last year in NYC....told him it felt like we never left.There was a constant flow of people in just for drinks and to catch the next flick. I can't wait to come down and catch a film.Great beer selection including lots of AZ beers. Love supporting local businesses. Bought a gift certificate for a friend's birthday.
1	Dirty, chaotic, inaccurate food advertising, burnt popcorn... Got tix for free and still felt like we paid too much.  Bummer.
3	After having a great dinner nearby, we walked to Filmbar for our movie.  We arrived about 10min before the showing time and the place had a ridiculous glob of people in a disorganized line for the bar and there was no way of telling where to go for tickets other than to get in line.. turns out the tickets are sold at the bar.. also turns out we may have just walked in to the Theater as there was no ticket-taker guy.  OK, so I guess that's trusting and good.  I still felt like it was very poorly organized because the bar line (which was also the ticket line) was really long and seemed to take forever for 2 people behind the bar to get through all these folks (understandable, esp since they're servine wines and beers - you need that time to do a proper pour).  I think the manager should have or indicate separate lines for tickets and drinks that way those that already watched the movie and want to get their drink on can get in a separate line from people wanting to watch the movie that's about to begin (while still getting their drink on).  When we got our popcorn, it was super salty and burnt... and highly overpriced! Yes, more than AMC!Alright, done mentioning the 'bad'.  The theater is modest and simple; has tall bar-table seating with comfortable backed chairs and also has the standard movie seating towards the forward end; the sound was good, no issues; the picture quality was very good for this setup; the Movie was a true Independent selection - very enjoyable.  Also, we had a full bottle of Cab with us for the entire movie and it was very enjoyable to mix a good movies with a good glass(es) of wine.After the movie, we both hung out in the main area and enjoyed the atmosphere - nice crowd, young, yet some old, downtown-hip, loungy, alternative... good DJ spinning more swanky electronica grooves.... quite alive.
5	I went to Film Bar during a visit to Phoenix in March 2012.  I wish Chicago had a spot like this!  It's a hip lounge with great music, great beers and beautiful art.  We didn't watch a film, but I would definitely be interested in catching one of their independent films.  Also, I liked the vibe and the atmosphere.  The staff was super friendly and not pretentious.  It felt like a cool spot where you'd be able to meet interesting people.
5	This place is upgraded to five stars! They are just so damn cool! Now having regular events with DJs and dancers as well as movies you could never see anywhere (George Miele's From the Earth to the Moon? Saw it! It rocked).Go here, AMC is no fun anyway!
2	Dropped in for a quick drink after dinner, used the Yelp coupon. Place was pretty empty for a Thursday night. We found the seating very uncomfortable as the backs of the seats are basically the brick walls of the building with some pillows scattered around.BOTTOM LINE: Maybe we'll see a film next time
5	I haven't had the opportunity to go to FilmBar for a couple of months.  I really wanted to see the film they're showing now about the end of the world.  I arrived 20 or so minutes before the show.  The staff recognized me and made me feel so welcome.  I had an excellent conversation with the proprietor.  The film was great, and I appreciated having the opportunity to discuss it with patrons after the showing.  Peach ale and delious popcorn added to my experience.  Great bike rake adds points in my universe.  Don't ever hate on FilmBar; talk to the owner if you have any concerns.  He's super-approachable and very cool.
5	A group of friends and I hit up this place for the first time and I can see we all enjoyed it our time. We used the Yelp deal to purchase 2 16oz drafts for 5$ on a saturday evening. I was disappointed when they ran out of the peach beer so I ordered the Sunbru instead.  My friend ordered wine and she they were nice enough to give her a deal on her wine since the Yelp deal didn't include wine. The atmosphere is dark, relaxing, and enjoyable to chill in. They have cool lanterns throughout. There is seating, which does utilize the brick wall as part of the seating. There was a DJ later in the night. The theater, on this particular night, was hosting a CD release party. We ventured into there and were pleasantly surprised to find some food and tunes to which we enjoyed for a short bit !
5	I liked film bar a lot! The decor was cool, very cozy and they had neat moroccan lanterns hanging around the place. I got a good vibe walking in. They also had great drink specials- 2 for 5 local drafts which you can't beat! They had a very memorable bathroom, the sinks were outside of the bathroom, in the main room, interesting! But it actually made sense to wash your hands AFTER you touch the yucky door knob, lol. While everyone watches you is another story... haha. Then when we went into the viewing room, they had a large display of cheese and meat and a veggie tray.. it was too dark to actually see what we were grabbing to eat, but we all took some anyway because it was complimentary. Then as we were about to leave this guy busts out 3 boxes of home-made cake pops! SWEET. :) Left a very good impression I must say.
4	Let me be clear on one thing: I love this place. The DJ's they have make it a lot of fun and the movie selections are great. In addition, their beer and wine selections are quite tasty. So, why not 5 stars? I think that the crowd just has to pick up, really. I know they're currently working on adding new menu items and movie selections to the place, but right now, it can just be dead. I went in there most recently last Friday. There was literally only one other group of people there. And I use the term "group of people" loosely, considering it was a group of two. We ended up leaving, because I can spend time with just my group of friends at my house if I wanted to and we were looking more to have an outing. However, I wanted the FilmBar atmosphere and experience that I certainly get on Saturday nights and it just was not there on Friday. DO go on Saturday nights. DJentrification is great and the vibe is wonderful. BUT...more importantly...go on other days!!! This place needs to fill up. Go see a movie, the theater is great! Get some drinks for happy hour. Go on Friday night and Sunday night! It's a nice bar that really has more of a hip lounge kind of feel. And the great part is that they're improving every day. I think they're only about a year old and it sometimes takes time. But the staff is great, the drinks are perfectly chosen, and the music is generally pretty amazing.
5	Inexpensive, classy, clean, casual, and a good sign of cultural development in central Phoenix. Film Bar not only has an excellent and unexpected  indie, cult, and foreign films, but a bar stocked with excellent regional microbrews. It is intimate, dark, and has somewhat of an exotic decor. Lovely places for conversation abound, but you can of course bring the drinks into the small but comfortable theater. The staff are incredibly friendly and fun to talk to.  Often art from regional artists are hung on display for sale. Sometimes small movie-related events happen as well. I have had a good experience (at the very least) every time I come for a film. Love this place!
4	How have I never reviewed FilmBar? This is exactly the kind of place Phoenix had needed for ages and the type of theater I craved. See, I don't really like big box anything (stores, restaurants, etc). And this even includes theaters. I also don't really care for most major motion pictures either. About 1 every year interests me enough to pay a bajillion dollars and sit with 10 million other people.See. I don't just like FilmBar for the beverages. That's only a bonus. I love it for the small awesome non chain theater it is. And for the great movies it offers. And for the fact that you don't have to go in to enjoy a movie. You could go in just for the bar.The staff is super friendly. Gift certificates are available. I believe you get a free movie on your birthday. It's pretty super rad!!I see so much potential: screening major sporting events and other events, more quirky documentaries, rock band karaoke using the giant screen. Let's do some of these. Then I'll only love you even more than I already do.
4	So we just went here to see our friends art exhibit. (who is showing the entire month of June - you must go see Jeremy Mcmurtry's display & purchase some of his cool art pieces) Shameless plug for a friend! But on to the Film Bar... cool place, nice vibe & had good beer offerings. We were there on 1st Friday & when I checked in on Yelp they had a discount 2 for 1 tap beer... when I showed the bartender she said they normally don't give those discounts on 1st Fridays but she would honor it for us since it was our 1st time (& I think the whole Yelp review played a part), but either way we thought it was a cool thing to do. We only visited with friends & enjoyed the atmosphere - we did not take part in film watching. However, we are excited & looking forward to seeing some independent films here, we had no idea a venue like this existed & are stoked to enjoy some fine art sometime soon! I'll be back to tell you more then.
5	I planned on seeing a movie the first time I went so I had a super good first experience at Filmbar.  We arrived about 30 min early to sit and have a cocktail or two before the movie started.  Place was pretty empty until around 10 minutes before the show started.  I like the local selection of drafts beers available at a reasonable price.  I also noticed a selection of different wines from behind the bar.  Place felt very artsy and chic perfect  for a date night.   We moved from the bar area to the theater and right away felt so comfortable.. Had my beer in one hand and sat down in some very comfortable leather seats.  Which makes me wonder why these fancy dancy big theaters don't have more comfortable seating as well? I see they do show Rocky Horror Picture Show once a month, they have live music and Dj's, and even comedy.  Seems like a hip place to check out a variety of entertainment.  Happy I found out about this place and will be going back.
2	Last night I invited a film buff friend to attend the "The Big Something" film using a Living Social coupon.  The coupon was for two and a bottle of wine.  When I redeemed the coupon I was told it was not good for this "special showing".   NO where did I see on their site this was a special showing.   When I brought this to the attention of the cashier she said,  she doesn't write the web info..     Since we had made the long drive to attend, we paid the $5.00 required and she gave us the bottle of wine and took the coupon.   Now, to the film.  Being both Az. natives we were eager to see a film made here.  Yes, there are many recognizable locations.   As for the film...I'd rename it "The Big Nothing".I don't know if this is the usual quality of films shown, but expect it's because it was made locally.  When coming out, after the WAY too long film, the bar was busy and many of the cast members were shmoozing.  I would have liked to have heard some sort of brief synopsis after the film, on WHY it was made.   Any of the present "actors" could have done this if the writer/director was not present.  Will I attend FilmBar again?  Only if this is the sole place showing a film I must see.
4	After posting my earlier review, I was contacted by Kelly.  He has offered to give me the same deal, 2 tickets and a bottle of wine, for a future visit.  I gratefully accept and look forward to an improved experience.   This is a business that knows how to keep their guests coming back.   Certainly, FilmBar has a strong presence, and fills a need for film goers who are looking for local art and independent film maker's works.
3	I don't really like this place, but it's not fair for me to give it 2 stars because of my hatred for film and pop culture. Forgetting about the film aspect, although that's the main concept- the bar itself has some decent wine, but I find the place uncomfortable. The Morrocon-ish styled bench seating and pillows don't appeal to me. I guess it might if the seats were deeper and there were more cushions and back support, but I feel like I'm sitting on wood benches covered in fabric pushed against walls and I just can't get cozy. I hate it! And the bar seats are made of wicker or some bullshit like that and they hurt my butt and legs when I'm wearing a dress. Yes, I'm aware that's TMI.Maybe it's crazy to dislike a place because of the uncomfortable seats, but...  I'm a delicate flower, what can I say?
5	Filmbar is the tits. Check it out.
5	I've found my new favorite spot in downtown Phoenix. I'm bummed it took me so long to get there initially, but I'll definitely be going back to FilmBar soon.It's one of the coolest places I've been to, both for the ambiance and the entertainment. It reminded me a little of a hookah lounge, but with the independent films it shows there, it has a cool distinctive edge.Filmbar shows movies and features comedy shows (tickets are only $3-$7!) in a setting where you can drink beer or wine from the bar in the theater. While you wait for the film to start, you can sip your libation in one of the two lounge areas, which are decorated with Middle Eastern flair with tapestries hanging from the walls and cushy seats on the floor.Both the person I went with and I also really thought the bathrooms, which were decorated in a similar style, looked super-cool.You should make it a point to visit this very cool community-oriented space-they even let you in for free every fifth movie you see! For more info, check out www.thefilmbarphx.com.
3	Came here to see Steve Jobs: The Lost Interview. The place was dimly lit with a trendy vibe. Wasn't crowded, though we were there relatively early on a weekday. Bar had only a handful of beers on tap but what they had I thought was decent. Tickets for the show were only $5 which I thought was very reasonable. They let you take drinks into the theater which was a nice feature. The theater itself was small and probably only holds maybe 40 people. I'd like to come back and give FilmBar another chance because I think it has potential. They play mostly independent or older cult films so I plan to keep an eye on their calendar and give it another shot. After only one visit I thought the provided a positive experience though not an exceptional one.
3	Everything about this place is fantastic: the bar, the atmosphere, the location; except for one thing: the quality of the film projector. It's a DVD player hooked up via HDMI cable to a lousy digital projector. I felt ripped off paying anything to watch a movie where I could see the pixels. Even the bargain theaters use actual film or a HQ DLP. The projector they use seemed akin to the ones used in high-school for power points. This is not expensive to do, not professional, and not worth shelling out even 50 cents for. I had high hopes going into this place because it really is a cool concept, and something badly needed in downtown Phoenix. But I felt like I was played. I want to go here and see their indy films, but I can't help feeling cheater by their low-quality methods and general low standards. Anyone who is REALLY into film would know that this is bullshit. It's a tell that the people who run this place are more excited about image than actual quality and substance. Typical hipster shenanigans. Also, honestly, they could do better with their film selection. They get stuff super late, and it's often not even to good stuff. Nice try, poor execution. Step it up, you're not fooling people who are there to see films sober.
5	A very unique and excellent place for a first date. Lounge areas abound, and the indie movies are a fresh treat. Sip wine or chug a beer while to devour film culture.
5	Art, Film, Beer, & Wine. This is a great place to catch up with old friends, or to bring a date. It's pretty casual, but has enough personality to hold its own. I like to order a beverage while I make my way around the venue to check out the art pieces. This place is even better if they have a DJ spinning that night. The music is just as diverse as the movies they show here. I saw a crazy weird vampire movie that I ended up walking out of, but it was a fun experience, nevertheless. The selection of beers and wines is also really great, and appropriately priced. I'd like to check out the comedy nights here, but I'm not sure if I'll get the opportunity any time soon. Maybe next time!
5	My boyfriend and I went to Film Bar last night to see Iron Sky. Neither of us had been there before, and the decision was made quickly, so we had no idea what to expect. The bartender was incredibly nice, friendly, informative, and genuine. The prices for the bar were very reasonable, and I thought that $7 for tickets was MORE than reasonable. We were there more than an hour early, and it was so nice to just sit back on the low booths and chat.I gotta admit, I totally fell in love with this little place, and I can't wait to go back!My ONLY concern is that by the time our movie was done, there was a DJ playing music so loudly that you could hear it in the theater and you couldn't talk without shouting in the bar, so we had to go outside to converse with our friends. I would bet that the place doesn't have a DJ all the time, though.
5	we saw Iron Sky there and I loved it, good prices, good beer! kick back..
4	I had heard about this place but never actually went until tonight. It's a really cool place to hang out, and they play movies there. The bar had a decent selection of beer and wine, and I think they were handing out free bags of popcorn. There was a dj spinning music which was cool, but it was really loud so you basically have to shout to hear anyone. Still a hip place, I'll def be back.
4	This was an awesome experience.  The bar is crowded without being suffocating, but the line moves smoothly and the drinks are great.  The theater is small without being cramped and even if you end up sitting in the first row, it's comfortable.  We had a group of seven, we all got in quick and easy, got our drinks, and found seats together.  Super fun.  We're definitely making this a habit.
3	Film bar is a great concept but the uncomfortable seating knocks it down a few stars. I have been here a few times just to grab a drink and it is always dark and usually dead. When there is a show going on the place lights up and the bartenders seem to get overwhelmed with the crowd. Service seems to be particularly slow when you are in a hurry to take your seats for a show. There are also no signs or helpful employees to tell you where to pick up your will call tickets. We walked around a bit lost before we finally figured it out. I went to see Scandalesque and they over sold the show and I had to sit on a pillow on the floor. I didn't get too upset, but after paying $20 for a ticket I at least expected a seat. Thank goodness I was wearing pants. Had I not been, the women on stage wouldn't have been the only ones showing off their panties.Good concept but it needs some work.
5	Used a Yelp Deal for the first time here. Sweet!Every few steps on Roosevelt lead to good times, but Filmbar sets new standards for a more groovy nighttime experience. The tap selection, while small, excels in the taste factor. Pear cider? Four Peaks Peach? At $5 a pint, I can have a real good time. Wine connoisseurs will also be catered to.The lights are low, the lounge is comfy, and the DJs are fantastic. They are heavy with the foreign house mixes, and you should be prepared to dance in a warm, intimate setting. Looks like a good place to just chill OR take a date. Oh, and it's an indie movie theater, too. Can we give it six stars for that?Also, this is reason #200 the world is a more interesting place if you take time to view it through a Yelp monocle.
5	Nice Place ! FilmBar is perfect  place to enjoy movie with bar with bottle of vine with your boyfriend.
5	Very cool joint! We went to watch the walking dead Season 3 premier and enjoyed the theater. We def will be back weekly! Another plus is Cut Throat on draft.
5	My favorite bar! Totally my kind of hangout. Unfortunately I live in Tempe so I don't make it there as much as I would like but once I move ill be there a lot!
5	This is exactly the kind of place that every city needs. It's artsy-and-reasonable-bar meets independent movie theater, and the result is a beautiful marriage of shows, snacks, and sips. I had a livingsocial deal here for two movie tickets and a bottle of wine. When my companions and I walked in, we were pleasantly surprised at the comfy booths, inexpensive drinks, and abundance of snacks available for pre-movie munching. In fact, we almost missed the start of the show because we were enjoying lounging so much. We walked into the theater and had our choice of comfy rocking seats, with table-and-chair options in the back for those with more snacks. I appreciated that the chairs included a spot to hold wine glasses without tipping them over. Plus, the movie that we saw (Sleepwalk With Me) was excellent. Overall, I'm a huge fan of this place and plan to get a membership for the next year and visit again again.
5	Cool place - nicely decorated - love the art work for sale (wish it wasn't so pricey) -great beer selection at good prices - bartender Jeremiah was great !
5	This place was really awesome. Went with the NERDs Meetup group a few months back to watch Summer Wars, and have been back with friends a couple times since.I really liked the atmosphere of the place, very almost bohemian in nature. The drinks were priced ok. I was very surprised to find the theater was an actual theater, I sort of assumed it was going to be a bar with a TV behind the counter but it was an honest to goodness lights out theater seating room with a projector and everything. The image quality was great as well as the audio.
4	What's not to love about FilmBar!  Great chill bar, cool and friendly staff, fun and unpretentious crowd,  Drinks are priced right and watching a documentary or independent film in their theater is just awesome.   Two thumbs up!
1	BUYER BEWARE!!If you buy a LivingSocial deal the fine print will read "excluding special events".  One may think this means a party or something of that nature. You may even think these events would be labeled on their website.  You would be wrong.  I bought this deal when I saw "The Big Lebowski" playing and thought it would be a perfect Christmas gift for my boyfriend.  We we drove all the way downtown that afternoon for the early showing which wasn't too crowded.  Then, we were informed that every "classic" movie they show is a special event, hence no deal.  You would think that since it wasn't too busy and it seems like kind of a new niche place that they would honor the deal, but since they refused I was left disappointed and my present was wasted.  This is why so many unique places go out of business...they just don't care about their customers and turn away someone who probably would have ended up loving the place.
5	I love to drink and I love to watch movies so low and behold but what do I find but a bar/lounge that combines two of my favorite activities.  It's like I died and went to heaven!The lounge is somewhat Moroccan in theme and lit dimly with a fully stocked bar.  The theater itself is kind of small but the seats are super comfy.  There are back round tables to put food on if you want to eat and drink while watching the movie which is cool.I'll definitely be going back!
5	Outside of Valley Art this is the only place in town to see unique independent and foreign films and documentaries.  I have had the opportunity to see some of my favorite classic films for the first time on the big screen.  I really enjoy their monthly selections and the theater is suprinsingly intimate and nice.  Did I mention they have great beer on tap?
5	I instantly got a great vibe at this hip urban theater. staff tonight was super friendly and helpfull. Nice selectin of beers on tap but anything eles the might of had to offfer was a mystery. I saw some candy and popcorn on the way in, otherwise they need a touch of help with merchandising.The theater was cool, it reminded me of the great small theaters in San Fransisco. The place was not as new and shiny as I expected it to be, but I liked the funky cool better then polished and contrived. The place was plenty clean and the seats comfy enough.The website has been added to favorites and thats a great start. I will be back!
4	Cute little dive. Loved the white chocolate ale!!!
5	I really loved FilmBar.I love the atmosphere... dark and mysterious.I loved the friendly service.I love the selection of movies. We saw Rust and Bone which was EXCELLENT.I love the decent prices of tickets and beverages. The drinks are twice as much at other theaters that serve alcohol.I love that you can bring in outside food. I recommend something easy to eat if you do this. Carly's Bistro has great sandwiches and they are right around the corner.Yes there are many hipsters. I have noticed that the Daria/Alanis Morisette angry grunge chick look is coming back... hmmmmmm. But I don't mind the hipsters. It's a movie theater. You don't have to hear them talk. :)The only thing I don't love about FilmBar? It is too damn far from my house. But it is worth the drive.
5	Went on a Monday night with a friend who knew the bartender Jeremy so maybe my experience is a little bias, but the service, fiilm, and beer was beyond great. The vintage seats are grimy and probably filled with bed bugs but if you're like most of the hipsters that go here you probably won't care.
4	Not exactly the place you would picture a bachelorette party held at... but our little sex kitten (who was losing her freedom that night) wanted the first stop of the party to be at Film Bar, and in walk 20 drunk females ready to watch "The F Word."  Miss Fontane, her flexible dancing crew and rock band put on such a dope show - I forgot I was in a theater. She sang about female body parts while her gymnasts/dancers started doing lap dances on the chair and giving out free ones to the audience. All of us were jealous of their bodies (diet starts tomorrow) and they definitely gave a lot of their attention to our bachelorette. So. Much. Fun.p.s. they also serve beer, wine AND POPCORN!
5	I've been here several times for drinking, once for a movie, and twice for The Walking Dead.  At this point, I don't think there is any other way I can possibly watch this show, because the beers are great and audience interaction just heightens the experience. Perhaps the only bad thing is, this cuts into the time I'd normally be watching Revenge. But I can always catch up on that.
5	Unbelievable. There are so many things going down at this spot, its pretty shocking I have never heard about it until now. This review is for the movie experience and a partial look-see at the lounge during this past Saturday.~What To Do~There are 4 distinct options. 1-Drink, 2-Drink and Dance, 3-Drink and watch a movie, or 4-Drink and nod your head to the music in the lounge...~The Good~We chose option 3, which was a perfect experience. My fiance and I chose to go see "The Room" for the first time with a couple friends, and I was worried that it would be a quiet theater. Nope. Spoons were flying everywhere, people heckling the screen, it was perfect. I felt right at home with the screaming and heckling, it made the movie such an outstanding experience. The beer was not too expensive, and they had a lot of beers on tap. I went with an Orange Blossom brew, and I am now in love with it. They also have wine, once again, so many options to go with. Also regarding customer service, the barkeep let me try a swig of a brew I was eying. He was awesome, and got an extra couple bucks tip, for I remember him being the one whom let me also go in to see the theater earlier in the week (I was curious). They are all about making the guest happy, customer service was quick and fast. The ambiance of the theater and the lounge is very different, it exudes a local independent joint. Beanbags to lay down on are inside the theater as are high tops to sit with friends at. Its a simple yet shockingly exciting environment to be in. ~The Bad~My only issue is that they really have a big problem with noise coming from the lounge ((during)) the movie. That would be a big no-no, if you ask me. At times the bass and sheer noise from the lounge would envelop the theater, which was annoying at times. I know you are a bar, and that's cool, but damn that music is loud. Turn it down a bit and save your eardrums.~The Down Low~Overall, this place is a solid 5 stars, however the noise issue knocks it down to a 4.5. They are part bar, its OK, I get it. The drinks are reasonably priced, its movie selection is spot-on, and the customer service is strong. Its an awesome ambiance, the atmosphere really meshes well, regardless of the reason for being there. Craft brews and movies go well, this is for sure. They have a check-in special on Yelp as well, which I failed to notice prior to ordering up my beer. Total Me-fail. I highly recommend this spot to watch your next cult classic. I can't wait for "The Room" to come again, because God knows I will be there. Having to wait for it on the calendar is, as you guessed, "Tearing me apart, Lisa!"
4	So after a few drinks at the lost leaf I walk to this place with my two girl friends. It's a pretty sweet and clever idea to have a cinema bar theme, that actually plays movies, TV shows and ect.Tables are really low, sorta like Japanese style but other than that this place is definitely worth a stop in. Check out their fb for times and events of movies and tv shows. I know they show the walking dead weekly when it's airing on the network.Oh and don't forget to grab a bag of popcron while you have a cold one.
4	We visited here for the first time to see an Audrey Tautou film that was showing at a Sunday matinee only and really enjoyed the film - not a peep from the other patrons watching - highly unusual these days with other theatres where people will chat through the entire film.......Being that it was a Sunday afternoon - not too crowded and would definitely visit again - great lineup of films.  3/3/13
5	Combining three of my favorite things makes this place AWESOME!!! Great movies, great drinks, and great events!!! I love their film choices, I love their drink selection which are quite reasonably priced, and their events kick ass!!! I've been here for movies, tv show premieres, Rocky Horror, and just to hang out. Ever since The Royale closed this has been our go to place for indie films and good times!!!
5	When the night strikes you as "j u s t to much" or "ehh" I would recommend the cool settings of the FilmBar. The great thing that FB does is..... not much. When I say 'not much' I reference Ferris Bueller Day Off. When a wily young vagabond doesn't do much, yet makes it look like a lot, this grabs my attention.I mean, it is one day where kid goes on a angsty teenager spree and lives to tell the tale. The Filmbar is a spree in its own right. Go see it, throw some spoons and please be nice to the bartenders and barkeepers.Much and Most thanks,R\_NOte: It may just be me, but I think sometimes it closes without notice on random days.
4	A great spot with local beers on tap, live DJs on the weekends, and an interesting array of indie and foreign films. The interior is slightly swanky without being pretentious, and it's usually quiet enough to have a decent conversation. The theater was a bit bigger than I expected based on the size of the bar. Overall, this is a good place to come with your friends, on a date, or even on your own for a beer or three.
4	Very cool concept.  Great place to go to do something different; watch a not-mainstream move in a funky setting with beer, wine or both.  If you complain that Phoenix is not a "real city," this is exactly the type of establishment you need to visit and support.
4	While the place could use a small remodel to spruce up the place, it definitely feels like an art house or indie film cinema. The bar is small but there is plenty of seating to enjoy a glass of wine or beer before your movie. The theater is also small but cozy. Me and the boyfriend had a fun time last Saturday night seeing a very obscure comedy. I would definitely go back!
5	I'm so glad to have this theater in my neighborhood. Great variety of films, great atmosphere, and very reasonable prices.I like that they often have a 5:30 PM movie which I can catch right after work and still be home by a reasonable hour, because I am an old person now.And yet, they still let me in, even though I am old and creaky (40) and not young, hip, or hot.
4	I have a co-worker that is a regular here, and since we share a mutual love of independent and foreign films, he could not wait to bring me here. We met up on a random Wednesday night, so the place was not very busy at the time.I'm not a beer drinker but they have several taps and craft beers available (and a few wines if I'm not mistaken) for those that want to enjoy a pint with their $8.00 movie. The place itself is the kind of quaint, hole-in-the-wall artsy type that I love so much, the lobby has a sufficient amount of booths and lounges to commiserate with friends before or after the film.The theater seats were comfy and seemed a bit larger than what you get at a typical theater, and it was set inside what clearly used to be a small warehouse...but again this is an off the wall joint that is delightfully different and the kind of place I see myself coming back to again and again.Keep checking their website for what's playing, it changes frequently so you don't want to miss out on something good!
5	I've never watched a film at the Filmbar but I have indulged in many a fine beverage at the bar.  Liquor is not served here but that is made up for by the quality of beers that are available.  On Saturday nights the resident DJ, DJentrification, host "The Palace" and provides an international sound that really sets this bar apart from the rest.
4	Indie movies+booze=best idea ever.My friends and I have a great appreciation for bad indie movies, so when we saw that FilmBar was showing "Birdemic 2" we knew we had to come. We got some bottles of wine to share and sat down to enjoy the show. I can't speak to every movie they show there, but since Birdemic is a cult favorite, the crowd there was very familiar with the plot line and characters and would constantly be discussing or making fun of the movie. I thoroughly enjoyed this atmosphere since I knew what was going on, but I can imagine it would be hectic for someone who has never seen the first movie, or is simply trying to enjoy the movie as they would at a regular theater. It was a lot of fun though, and kind of reminded me of the Rocky Horror experience. The casualness of it coupled with the wine made the whole experience very enjoyable and relaxing, and we had a lot of fun!After you exit the theater, you can continue to enjoy more drinks at the bar, and they even have a seating section with booths where people can drink and chat. There's a live DJ playing music, and some people were up and grooving to the beat (not a lot of space, but you can make it work if you're in the mood to dance).FilmBar seems to show a lot of really interesting films you wouldn't be able to watch elsewhere, so I will definitely be back sometime for more!
4	I've been here twice now, once for the bar/nightlife and another time to see Stand By Me as part of their 80's series. The Bar: lot's of craft beer on tap at a very reasonable price: pints for $5 and schooners for $6.25. They had a fun DJ the night I was there. There was dancing and seating available with an artsy crowd. The Theater: a quaint theater with about four rows of seats with tables in the back. Tickets were $8 a piece. It was fun to see one of my all time favorites on the big screen! They also show a lot of indy flicks, and sometimes TV shows like the Walking Dead. I will definitely return, either to see another movie or to enjoy the bar.
4	I finally made it to Film Bar to snag a showing of Pulp Fiction. I knew that if the staff members had chosen a Tarantino classic that I was going to be at home at this picture show.The bar is warm, beautiful, and the Mexican saint candles tied the lounge all together. Perfect place for mingling and chit chatting with whoever you happen to be bringing along with you. Reasonably priced bar, a solid flight of craft beers/ciders. The fact that you can order a properly poured pint and a solid 23 oz. for full feature sipping is an upside versus the wine list which is limited and only a couple of the wines can be bought by the glass. Small selection of candy and popcorn so it's best to snag a solid dinner beforehand if you plan on boozing throughout the flick.Loved that the TV's were playing film reels and trailers that inspired Tarantino's work and the music also matched which always rocks when you are getting pumped to enter the tiny theater.The theater is small and the variety of seating definitely is a plus in my book compared to going to regular theaters. Some wobbly high tables but that's to be expected anywhere.Overall, I just have to say that catching Pulp Fiction at Film Bar was a solid cinematic experience. As Vincent talks of his wonderful time in Amsterdam where you can by a beer in a movie theater, I definitely echo that thought and give thumbs up to Film Bar for getting on that level!
5	This is a cool place and it's always a good time. We went for a soccer game this time around, but have gone before for other events. They show all the big soccer games here and it was great cheering on Team USA with a lot of supports. I've gone to other shows as well and really enjoyed the throw-back 80 films or a new independent on the big screen.The beer selction is pretty impressive. Any place that has Orange Blossom AND White Chocolate Ale is a winner in my book. It's also a big supporter of Four Peaks beer, even some of the seasonal stuff. Nothing like catching a good show with a cold beer!
4	Oh Film Bar, my Film Bar...Art gallery/ posh bar/ quiet lounge/ random music dance floor.This place is definitely on one.Phoenix staple gem.Indie flicks and wine galor. Viva el Film Bar.
5	I don't know why I haven't rated this place, as we come here almost weekly. I've only seen a few films here but we are regular patrons at the bar. They have great beer (peach ale you guys!) and wine choices that won't bust your budget and have world dance music night on Saturdays with Djentrification. I've never had a bad experience. This is our go-to on the weekends to meet up with friends.
5	I have been to thousands of movies and without a doubt, FilmBar is the best independent theatre I have been to. Good movie mix. The bar is worth hanging in even if you don't see a movie. Local beers on tap. They love it when you bring your slices of Humble Pie in to chomp while movie watching.
5	I love FilmBar! Mr. & I discovered during their Frightmare series in October and saw a number of GREAT old horror movies. We enjoyed said films in a cozy, bohemian setting while sipping good local brews and eating popcorn. Staff is great, too.
5	Great venue. Out front they have a stocked bar and always several great craft beers on tap. We've been maybe a dozen times over a year or two, and it's always enjoyable. We saw Scott Pilgrim here and are always impressed by the number of awesome old skool films playing. The holiday series films are really good, too. Stop by anytime!
5	I'd heard a lot of talk about FilmBar, so why did it take me so long to actually check it out? I'll never know.Came here the other night to check out the Bettie Page documentary.  We arrived early and bellied up to the bar.  They have a nice selection of (mostly) craft beers and some nice wines by glass and bottle.  They have candies and popcorn for very reasonable prices, especially compared to the big theaters around town.The bartenders were super chill dudes and I really liked the space.  There are tables around the bar with comfy seats and if you venture off around the place, there are more little spots to park your buns while you wait for the movie.Unisex bathrooms=major thumbs up.  The theater itself was small and cozy.  I think there were about three rows of seats and it was totally great to bring my beer in with me.  A great place for a date night or if you just want to experience a little something different from the usual movie going experience.
5	Great place to see an older movie, and to have a few drinks as well. In walking distance of other bars and restaurants as well. Also has like bands on occasion. Very relaxed atmosphere and couch seating.
5	Neat place. I was visiting Phoenix and stopped in for a movie and some drinks. This place very nicely accommodated both. Part bar part theater, this place is fun, hip, and comes highly recommended.
5	Is there any place more perfect than FilmBar? The movies are varied and generally excellent. The beer selection is great and the general atmosphere is friendly and fun. I've been to FilmBar a lot of times now and I always have a great time. They have a good variety of movies, from random small release movies to fun classics. The area outside of the theater is a great lounge for hanging out. The ambience is perfect! They often have djs and sometimes live jazz on weekend nights.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE. Great beers, very friendly staff, always interesting film selections.
5	Hands down my favorite place in Phoenix. I see movies there once or twice a week. The programming offers a wide variety of options. They play everything from current indie movies to documentaries to cult classics. Catch a movie Monday-Wednesday and take advantage of the weekday special. You get a ticket to the movie, a popcorn and a beer or glass of wine for only $12.
5	As a fan of Indies and cult classics, this is the place to go here in Phoenix!  It is in the beloved Roosevelt Row right across from Angel Trumpet's Ale House (another beloved spot of mine).  Did I say there is a bar in a movie theater?!  Yep!  Popcorn and beer?  Yep!  FilmBar has a nice local vibe to it and is one of those places everyone should go, even if you don't dig smaller films.  They have a pretty well-packed calendar with movies for all types of fans.  Even though I've been twice, I haven't had a chance to attend a movie/event like The Big Lebowski (during their March Mystery series) where they had a "The Dude" photobooth.  But that's just another reason why people should wander in and try this place out.  They have a good selection of wine and beer, although I wish they had more types of drafts instead of being packed with San Tan Brewery brews.  Not a fan of that brewery, so it's not my schtick.  But the tasty and fresh popcorn with a Mexican Coke does me just fine!  Their actual theater has comfortable auditorium (small-scale) style seating.  The screen is a perfect large size.  It is just like being at home instead of in one of those huge theatres with people messing with their cell phones and taking up a storm.  Those types of moviegoers won't be found here...thank goodness!I love the local art on the walls, quirky lounge, and bathrooms.  LOL  After 2 visits, I plan to make many many more.  And I don't want to miss out on their Oscars viewing party next year either.
5	Great beer (although a few more taps wouldn't hurt - especially being right across the street from Angel's Trumpet - sometimes I wander over there before or after my film since their beer selection is better), great selection of movies, and staff that always seems genuinely happy to be employed there - not at all like those poor highschool students who shovel your popcorn at a mainstream theater.One time there was an issue with the movie equipment - and although they worked it out and we still got to see our film, they gave us vouchers for one free movie each. Mad props to whomever manages this place.
5	I found this place while looking for a Birthday Event for my partner. He loves unique and original places like this and indie films. This place was perfect. We went to see all the 2013 Oscar Action Shorts. We don't drink, but we still enjoyed the environment and ambiance. There was a lot of beautiful artwork and photography to see and touch. The theater is so adorable! They had retro seats and it was small/intimate. We got there early and had some time to kill so we walked around outside along the Phoenix Marketplace Cafe and some other neat stores/restaurants. I loved the area. Needless to say, we will be going back for some other movies they showed in their previews. I am so happy that there is a place like this in Phoenix!
4	What a random gem me find this place is...LOL.  Didn't know it even existed until we got a random invitation to check out an Indie film screening called, "It's Not You, It's Me." I like the hip, eccentric feeling that I got when I first stepped in.  It's an inviting, cool, and fun place to just hang.
4	This is an intimate and unique movie theater that shows non-mainstream films.  They always have quirky events going.  I think in April they are doing a whole alien film series featuring ET, Spaceballs, and other classics like that.  Definitely a fun place to check out to see what interesting events are coming up.  I recently attended a screening of the movie Clue and there was a costume contest among audience members to dress up like characters from the movie.  People were really into the movie and excited so it was a fun atmosphere.  I'd definitely be back again if they were showing one of my favorites.
5	Good movies just like home, no pressure to put on makeup or anything. The seats are super comfortable and the atmosphere is super homey. Every movie I've seen there has been awesome!! The owner has great taste.You can get a beer and popcorn, which is awesome in my opinion. What more can I say? Buy your tickets in advance and enjoy a great movie with friends or on your own.
5	FilmBar is not an upscale establishment, it doesn't have a hipster sheen or Harkins' polish. It isn't particularly showy and could easily be missed from the outside save for the movie posters covering it's doors. But for all it isn't and for what it is, it is awesome.  The whole location is small but not snug, a multiplex it is not but it also isn't a grind-house showing third tier trash. It shares more in common stylistically with alternative music venues than with The Valley Art. Works by local artists adorns the walls, swapped every First Friday and is for sale. Coming attractions and posters of films now playing take up the rear wall.  FilmBar seems to be solely staffed by two very polite individuals, one at the bar and the other handling tickets. When you walk in both always greet you and casually strike up a conversation if they are not immediately occupied. The gentleman behind the bar often reminds patrons that they can bring or order food to the theater. A bevy of classic theater snacks are sold if you want the standards though. All this and booze! The lounge area (yes, there is a lounge) has soft light and music, comfortable couches and tables meant to be covered by bottles and glasses as friends argue over the films they've seen or the movie they are about to. The theater screen is the real attraction though and it may be divisive for some folks. It is not large! While larger than a home setup it is smaller than a full scale theater like AMC or Harkins. Seats available number only a paltry 70 and those seats are "retro." They are adequate but don't feature modern touches like reclining and swinging arm rests. If you bring a date do not expect to snuggle during the feature. It is cinema by way of punk DIY.
5	Exceptional spot!! Double dated last night with friends. Caught a classic, Better off Dead, after a great dinner at Angels Trumpet Alehouse across the street. Got some beers at the bar. Wish we would have gotten there a little earlier for the high top table. Otherwise awesome
5	Brought my girlfriend here because she has been wanting to check it out for a long time. She had a chardonnay,  and I had "the least sweet red you have" since they were out of cab. Mine was very good and she seemed to like hers. We decided to sit at the tables in the back. I really like that option. Gave us privacy but still a great view. We also really liked the seating areas in the "lobby". We had a  chance to relax and finish our drinks while waiting on our cab. Very nice time. I'm sure I'll bring her back again.
3	Oh, Filmbar, I get the concept but what I don't get is the price to see a movie. 12 bucks?! Overpriced and mediocre theater. I get it; support local, watch old films, drink over priced wine but I still can't get over that entry fee. It should come with free popcorn or something. Other than that, Jeremiah, who I presume typically hosts the movie nights, is a sweet dude and makes for a fun night of movie watching. Pro tip; maybe flask it or byob.
4	This place is a nice break from a regular theater, and since you have to pay too much for a regular theater anyway, you might as well come to FilmBar. You often get to meet the filmmakers and it's a nice setting for an entertaining conversation. My one big complaint, the music IS TOO LOUD. Sorry, you couldn't hear me, I said "TOO LOUD." FilmBar, I go to you to talk to interesting people about films, but we can't hear each other...I said "WE CAN'T HEAR EACH OTHER."
4	We had a fun time, late-nite and the crowd was very crazy which made it all the more fun. Just sat in the bar/lobby didn't go for a film, will have to do that next time.
5	great location to come and watch a movie.  You will love it here. Plus the staff is very friendly and upbeat.
5	My husband and I utilize this as our non-dinner-date date place. We always enjoy the movies we see, as they leave us with new perspective and conversation for a weekend.You can bring your own food, which is unheard of in most places. The beer and wine are good. Not a huge selection, but you don't need one for two hours.  Besides, Angel's Trumpet is across the street for post movie selection.The band's they have playing in the lounge on the weekend also tend to be very enjoyable, and they always have some crazy movie or montage playing on the projector.Give this place a try!
4	Ok, so how did I not know this place was here? With 170+ reviews obviously someone has been attending FilmBar. I love old classics, as well as newer obscure films . . . and, yes, you are right, I can watch most of them at home on the TV screen . . . but we both know that films made for the big screen are so much better on the big screen.  And they have a Bar. Now tell me, how many theaters you know have a watering hole? Popcorn, sodas and candy . . . sure! But beer and wine? Films are for relaxing and what better way than with a comfortable seat, a little AC and a drink.Check out their website for the latest schedule of upcoming films -  www.thefilmbarphx.com. Meet me there?
5	I really dig film bar.  It's all arty and quirky, and I can have a glass of wine while enjoying a film. Oh, and the staff is KILLING IT with thier staff picks this summer.  Good prices, nice atmosphere, great films.  Love it.
5	What a happening place to catch a flick... I wish I'd taken Robert O up on the outing to see Amelie. I've never seen it on the big screen. I love film bar. It's got great staff and a fantastic beer and wine selection. FilmBar is the perfect date spot. Don't waste your time taking your sweetheart anywhere else. Jk, there's lots of great places downtown. But still, come to FilmBar, dance, drink, and watch a movie. I promise you won't regret it.
5	Attended a Yelp event at the Filmbar and I had never been.  Great wines, beer and a great atmosphere.  Has several comfortable lounges, one next to the bar and one behind the curtain (to the right as you come in).  Enjoyed my time there especially the movie -- and those oh, so, comfortable seats.  Staff was very welcoming.  I don't know how I hadn't been here before!  Looking forward to going again.Thanks Lindsey for introducing us to this great place and for yet another wonderful event.
4	I'm not sure if my first experience here is representative of every experience I might have here going forward, but first impressions are very positive.  And perhaps that's at least a little skewed by the fact that I had admittedly realistic expectations about my visit.  You don't go to a small locally owned and operated independent theatre expecting Dolby surround sound or a vast smorgasbord at the refreshment counter or reclining La-Z-Boy style seating.  And not surprisingly, you'll find none of that here.  What you will find is a fun, funky, relaxed, unpretentious atmosphere that is unique not only to the valley but to cinema in general.I had been wanting to see "Life Itself", the documentary about legendary film critic Roger Ebert.  It didn't last long as an indie film in the big theaters so to my delight, Filmbar was playing this flick on a Friday evening.  The theatre is just walking distance from my apartment so I figured why not.  The theatre is directly east of Angels Trumpet in a building that I think might've been an auto service shop at one point.  When you walk in, you find a dimly lit bar area with a few stools, some lounge style seating near the bar, and a more expansive lounge seating area around the corner.  The bar has some things you'd expect to find at a movie theatre (popcorn, peanuts, red vines, M&Ms, etc.) and some things you wouldn't (a bunch of wines and cocktails on the menu plus a dozen craft beers on tap plus many more by the bottle).  I came here about 15 minutes before the movie began so I ordered my ticket and a beer up front.  Ticket was $9, while the 16 oz. Kiltlifter was about $3.50.  With tip and tax, total was $15.  Some might understandably think $9 is outrageous for an indie theatre to charge about the same as a Friday night flick at Harkins or AMC.  But in deference to supporting a local business, I'm okay with it as long as the experience measures up.Remember my comment about it probably being a body shop in previous life?  Well, when you walk into the theater you can see the garage door on the left as you enter.  Fortunately the rest of the setup feels otherwise like a movie theatre (albeit a more crude version from what most are probably used to).  The screen is plenty large and there's seating only about maybe 50-60 in there.  Theres 5 or 6 rows of traditional theatre seating (which was quite comfortable by the way), or you can grab one of the cocktail tables in the back of the theater and watch with your friends while downing a cold one.  There was only about 30 here for this showing so I had plenty of room to relax and enjoy.  The sound system (while not Dolby), was surprisingly very good and the room was sound proof from the bar area so you couldn't hear the growing crowds next door.  The film was excellent and getting out was super easy even with a packed bar and lounge area waiting for me when I was done.So okay, this place isn't gonna show the next Marvel blockbuster or Oscar contender (at least not until its long gone from the Harkins & AMCs of the world).  But Filmbar proves that going to the movies can be a different kind of event.  In many ways Filmbar is about reliving the past, between the retro seating, the red carpet entrance to the theatre, and of course the old school and indie films they bring back to the big screen.  Should that experience come at more of a discount?  Maybe.  But if my first try at Filmbar was any indication of the everyday experience here, even the late Roger Ebert would've found it to be money well spent.
4	I think this might be my favorite theater in the valley (not saying much for Harkins and AMC everywhere) but I have a few suggestions. The cost of tickets are high, yes, but I think it's because the theater is generally pretty empty. It has to be this way to keep afloat. But maybe they could advertise more or show more "mainstream" movies to attract an audience. I know they do this in the record biz -- they have one shitty, main artist that sells a lot of albums so they can continue to put out awesome indie stuff. Also, maybe more of a kitchen, something that serves simple bar food. Beer selection is nice, but a little high end. More shows and gigs and live music might also help and I would like to see theater maybe too. Even if FilmBar didn't make any of these changes, I would still love coming here. This is one fantastic place and I'd like to see it continue to grow.
5	Picture this. ...You have a bar with awesome beer on tap.  Regular right?  Ok now you watch an old school movie in their theatre.  So you get to drink and watch an awesome movie! My best experience was between watching the Dark knight and Enter the Dragon. They have awesome contesta to win tickets and different quirky things that make it fun.  Prime example they had the old school Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles movie playing, so they bring in tons of pizza for a pizza party. (Pizza was free) So awesome!
5	Just saw "Some Like it Hot," part of FilmBar's Summer Series. First time at the bar and just loved it. Their date-night package got two tickets to the movie, a huge popcorn, and a decent bottle of red or white wine. Super art and designs all around the walls, and a special section for a live band that we were surprised to walk out of the theatre to see. Past the package, price on drinks were great. I'll be back here soon with friends/family, whether we catch a movie or not!
5	Headed to the film bar for date night and had a great time.  We saw a flick that we wouldn't normally pick, but definitely enjoyed it.  The bar/lounge was great as well as very friendly staff.  We will definitely be back!
3	Decent local spot but no cocktails, too bad!We stopped in this spot randomly & enjoyed the unique crowd.  Since they only has beer and wine I got a little bored.  The chairs at the bar are not really practical as they are way oversized, difficult to move, and totally not comfortable. But there's really nowhere else for 3 people to sit & talk.The set up was reminiscing the middle school after school snack sale- not an adult planned business.  Though the service was fine, the limited selection & set up was severely lacking.
2	get newer seats. the seats ruin everything. so uncomfortable. its a nice idea having a home theater style for the public but the seats..
5	I love this place. It's the only place to go too for your indie, cult, underground movie fix with a top notch beer selection. Also, the cups that the Popcorn comes in are retro and who doesn't love that? They also host fun movie themed photo booths and have the best world music with Djentrification on Saturday nights. FilmBar is a treasure.
5	This is one of the cool hidden gems in the art district in Phoenix.  Lots of people from out of state say that we don't have any culture and this will change their opinion quickly.  We saw a preview about a movie called "A Band Called Death" and just knew that it wouldn't be showing in Phoenix.  Much to our surprise it was showing at this quirky little theater.  I also saw a movie that was filmed in upstate NY with a friend and this movie was very good as well.  The viewing rooms are small and intimate with somewhat of a community feel to it.  You are able to get a little popcorn, some beer, or a glass of wine before the movie starts.  The staff is amazing and is very knowledgeable about all of the upcoming movies as well.  I believe if you check in on the Yelp app that you get a coupon so make sure you take advantage of that as well.  I highly recommend seeing a film here.
2	I used to like Filmbar. It had a good atmosphere and a great DJ on Saturday nights. They recently removed their comfortable seating and replaced it with high tables and hard chairs. I've had several bad experiences with the staff at Filmbar. The first time was when I wanted to see a movie that was sold out. I was unaware it was sold out,, but the girl at the counter was very rude to me and told me I should have known it was going to sell out and it wasn't her fault I didn't plan ahead - yet their website said nothing about it being sold out, and that's something I did check before driving down there. But since there was no parking, and I had to park far away and walk a long distance, I guess that should have been a clue. But aside from that, 2 other times I have gone there to see a movie and waiting for service at the counter to buy a drink and was ignored. One of those times, it seemed as if patrons line up to be served. So I stood in line and waited, and when it got to be my turn, the bartender went over and talked to his friends and basically ignored me. This place has terrible service. And regarding the person who posted that they were kicked out of the bar for not having a current AZ ID, I have seen children at this bar. (I am assuming the children were there with their parents) But my point is, if children are allowed to be at this bar, I don't see why someone who is over 21 with an old style AZ license should be turned away.
5	Any place that plays Hedwig and the Angry Inch is cool with me. FilmBar is a cute movie theatre that has clearly been made from parts of other theatres. Despite this, the seats are still comfortable and the cup holders are perfect for pint glasses. Additionally, they have some high top tables in the back that are comfortable to watch a movie from (but some of the tables aren't so steady, leading to beer spillage, so be careful!). FilmBar offers a special Mon-Thurs where you can get your ticket, a pint, and a popcorn for 12$.... This is a pretty smoking deal considering their movies cost 9$ just for the ticket. The beer selection is good (about 10 choices) and consists of many local beers and other craft beers. The popcorn is legit, not covered in buttery sludge, just a tasty salty treat. Anyway, I don't know that I would come here just to drink, but would definitely recommend for the movies!  Will be back!
5	This is one of the coolest spots in Phoenix. I mean, where else can you grab a beer, watch a fun movie or listen to the DJ on the weekend. It's cool too - a lot of times they'll play older movies. My girlfriend and I have gone to see Wayne's World, Trainspotting, and other awesome 90s/80s movies.
5	Local gem in downtown Phoenix, especially for 20s/ 30s something's who like be out and about, enjoy a good beer and maybe even catch a good film. Love the electic artwork, variety of movies & cozy feeling this place offers.  Parking lot available is a plus. Definitely check this place out if you're in the neighborhood & even if you're not in the area often, it's worth the trip to come by!
2	2 stars just because I walked in and basically got kicked out before I could say "movie time". I went for an event and everyone was ordering drinks and I ordered my usual ROOT BEER and WATER and got carded. A little strange being that I didn't even order alcohol. I failed to switch over my I.D. now that I'm OLDER than 21..  The bartender said he couldn't accept it and I couldn't have my drinks.. "what a bummer" I thought. I'll just be thirsty for a couple of hours, but then he continues to say he can't even let me stay because it's a bar and my I.D. has to be switched over in order to let me in... Well no FILM BAR movie experience for me.. I'm sure it would of been great but being that they're cracking down on everything I'll know for next time. Kudos to the bartender that kicked me out. You did your job and followed the rules . I can respect that... Still bummed and a little embarrassed but what can you do. Thanks for all the people who tried to help verify my age (;
5	The best date night spot!  Saw Purple Rain...loved the whole vibe!  Highly recommend!!!
4	I enjoyed this spot alot while visiting Arizona. The vibe was cool and they had some nice beer and wine selections. We went to see "Interview with a Vampire", but it was sold out ,so I caught "Vampires vs Superheroes". Its definitely a different way to enjoy a indie movie or a old school favorite. . If ever in the Phoenix art district , treat yourself to this jewel.
4	Here on business and absolutely love this place. Funky art and entertainment... Great staff and the ability to buy wine or beer while watching a great movie. The Filmbar is a worthy experience while in the Phoenix area.
5	I've only been to 21+ showings, and it really doesn't get much better than a child-free movie experience! I rarely go to regular movies anymore since shows are filled with obnoxious teens or people bringing in infants because they are too cheap to hire a sitter. The movie selections are great. I haven't seen any of the indie flicks yet, but I loved watching classics like "The Big Lebowski" and "Dazed and Confused" on the big screen. It's also nice not having to watch commercials or asinine previews before the show.The wine selection is small but solid. During my last visit, we had a bottle of Shebang! which is a great value wine. I'm not a beer drinker, but my sister and brother in law were happy with their taps.FilmBar has a good selection of candy and great popcorn. Really, it's a better movie watching experience in every way imaginable.
5	Quaint venue with a vast variety of beers on draught or bottled/canned.  Theater is cozy with options for traditional or high top table sitting if you're with a group. Fantastic indie, classic, and new release movies play here. Never a bad idea to just pop in for a drink to peruse upcoming shows just to insure you don't miss a great flick
5	Awesome awesome awesome. Really don't need to say anymore.  Old rustic with charm and great people.  The staff is really cool too.
