3	Since I'm lactose intolerant, I had to avoid the Mac N Cheese. but I was pleasantly surprised to find a few healthy options.  Mac Shack has three salads and two soups to choose from and a build your own pasta option that all combine to meet the demands of even the pickiest of eaters.I opted for the Spinach Salad that comes with walnuts, thinly sliced red onions and pears, not the greatest for your breath but certainly the right blend of crisp and crunchy.  It even comes with a mini-muffin that was both soft and buttery.  As for my pasta I went with the Red Rigatoni that was topped off with meatballs, sausage, and roasted red peppers.  I did enjoy the meatballs and sausage where were more than I expected with such an affordable dish.  This is a great place if you have a hankering for some quick pasta and maybe a salad but are crunched for time.  The service was friendly and attentive and the food came out fast and tasty.  I'll give it three stars for you can enjoy yourself and even add a glass of wine with fast food Italian, but it certainly isn't the place to go if you're seeking a gourmet Italian experience.
2	Considering that I'm a power yelper and this was a yelp event, you'd think they'd cut me a bit of slack for being 3 minutes late and serve some kind of food to me.  Not even an offer for a drink, a glass of water, a spare cracker! I guess I can't kill this place with a one star rating because it is partly my fault for being late, and I haven't even tried their food. But good service is a crucial key to any successful establishment and this place dropped the ball.What really shocked me was that I shook the hand of the manager/part-owner there and she still turned me away. "Sorry, the event ends at 8. You can come by when we open this Friday." She said with a smirk.Oh well, at least I had good company. So what did my fellow Yelpers think of the Mac? "Meh" was the general consensus. Actually you won't see me here this Friday.
4	Okay so here is the low down on Mac Shacks Wednesday soft opening. Walking in was a little confusing, I thought i would need to give my name or something to Verify that I was on " The List" but that did not happen. So we approached the register where the very friendly staff greeted us and began to give us the rundown at our request. We ended up ordering the pepper-jack mac and the asiago blue mac with 2 salads. By the time that we got our seat situated outside with the fellow yelpers and began to kick off the conversations the food was arriving. The salad was good, it is very hard to go wrong with a garden salad and the pepper-jack mac, well... That was quite good. This product really beats the blue box. Next time I would play chef and add some chopped up jalapeno into it. Becky ordered the Asiago mac and cheese and it was also very good. I am not a huge fan of bleu cheese but this had a great flavor and was well executed. The atmosphere fits the food, it has the hustle bustle feel, not that may be due to the fact that they were quite busy but it seemed very fast paced in there. I really don't have any complaints, the only thing I found odd was the plates and the way that they serve the food. What is with the tin with the newspaper or whatever it is with a fake wood bowl in it.... That is my only, " Meh" moment. Good luck mac shack and thanks for having us. Also, I swear I really did RSVP.
4	I'm gonna give this place 4 stars just to balance out the 2-star review from My lol.  For those of us that were on time, the service was great, and how can you beat a free meal.  I had the PepperJack Mac... I was eyeing it, and the girl at the counter said it was good, so I gave it a go.  It's not that it was meh... it was good, but just not knock me out of my chair good.  I mean, their thing is just macaroni, so it should be the best macaroni and cheese I've ever had, right?  Wrong.  I think Cracker Barrel's M&C is better.  Not bad at MacShack, but nothing worth going out of my way for.  Perhaps if I go here again I'll make my own and see how that goes.
4	Hit the pre-opening Mac Shack event - i was the anti-social yelper sitting in the main dining area taking a brow beating from my roommate for reasons to annoying to share.  The ass-chewing did not slow my appetite and my tastings of the following:Pepperjack MacAsiago/Blue MacPea SoupCaesar saladPasta with pesto , sundried tomato, mushroom and shrimp ( but shrimp was left off ) angel hair with garlic/olive oil shrimp ( yeah ! they inlcuded the shrimp this time )The big winner was the angel hair with the garlic /olive oil - great flavorthe Mac n Cheese - decent flavor but i'm a baked m&c kinda guy - at least prep the m&c in the pan, then put some bread crumbs/cheese on top and put it under a broiler for a minute or so - just a personal preference.soup - ok - bacon was a nice touch.salad - in dire need of more dressing - okI think the place has potential - the price seemed reasonable and i can see myself trying every now and then but not a "destination" will add pics later ( actually bored to tears in a mediation in Reno as i type this  ! ) I'll try to be more sociable at the next gig !
3	Remember when we were kids? We loved Mac N Cheese. Some of us also had "incomplete" grades because we moved to a school just before report card time. That sums up my 3 star review for the Mac Shack.The premise is simple. Mac N Cheese. Salads, and some pasta outside of Mac N Cheese. I attended the soft opening for the Mac Shack as it was an UYE (Unofficial Yelp Event), and it was lots of fun.My friend and I went up to order the Asiago/Blue Cheese Mac N Cheese (Mine with chicken, my friend's with sausage). When I sat down, I somehow ended up with someone's salad.I'm not sure what salad was in front of me, but it seemed a little to "vinegary" for my palate, but otherwise acceptable. Love the gourmet black olives.The main course was delicious. Portion size was perfect. Not too much, not too little. The asiago didn't overpower the blue and vice versa. The macaroni was cooked to perfection. As far as service goes, it was "ok". Granted this was a soft opening, so I can't/won't critique this just yet. Hence the "incomplete" comment above.All in all, this is the perfect joint for quick (not fast) food. You order from the counter, are given a number and wait for your good to arrive.There is also wine available. Bonus.
1	Protein portion size is a deal-breaker for me.Just got takeout for lunch. Ordered a Spinach Salad with add-on shrimp. Discovered the policy for an add-on protein is ONE LARGE SHRIMP. Very disappointed. The manager told me their shrimp costs about $1.10 each. EACH. (That seems to be pretty high-priced shrimp, especially for a one-dollar-sign restaurant on Yelp.) The manager offered, if i returned, to "give me another shrimp", as that, evidently, is a non-add-on portion of shrimp. Still disappointed.The manager was nice, the service was pleasant, the food was fairly good and quick. (I found the shrimp to be nicely cooked, a little under-seasoned. The spinach salad was nothing to write home about, and the balsamic vinaigrette was not very punchy. My fiance loved his baked wheat pasta with meat sauce, which was well-seasoned and rich) More info from the manager. Add-on portion of chicken is 3 oz (6 for entree). Add-on for meatballs is 2 balls. So I guess when you order the create-you-own pasta dish, you get less protein than when you order one of their "classics".Being a new restaurant, I was told "they are still working out the kinks". Well, this is a HUGE kink for me, and I imagine it will be a kink for others. I hope that the policy changes, because the food is good, and I wish the company success (I would love to have quick/cheap Nora's around the corner when I want pasta!)UPDATE: I also went to their website and submitted a complaint. I received an email the same day from the founder/owner saying "Thank you so much for your interest in us and I assure you the shrimp policy will be changed first thing in the morning!! I'm sure you know that this was only our second day being open, and we are trying really hard to offer a top quality quick serve pasta concept."So they get another star from me, for being cool and understanding. I WILL go back now to see if that really happened, and if so, then they may get another star!Update 2: it seems they have NOT changed their protein sizes. so their owner lied. not cool.
3	I give 3 stars  because I'm a huge mac n cheese fan and the dish I had,  which was  the asiago blue mac, taste okay and wasn't what I'd expected, considering the name of the place. But it's just another restaurant, don't expect it to compare to good ole mom's mac n cheese
4	Actually I think it's not a bad place :) Free lunch + great service ( My, their lunch time service is much better than dinner time )... and of course great food ( I upload couple pix, check it out... )But I don't like their tomato soup that much and their backgroup music.. and their price are not cheap even at lunch!
5	I attended the "Friends and Family" night on Tuesday. I must say, I was very impressed with the contemporary design of the Mac Shack. And, despite the "mac & cheese" reference one might draw from it's name, this is an Italian eatery. The food was fresh and tasty. I had several of the "classic" pasta dishes, salads, and created a couple dishes of my own. I attended with a group of approximately 10 people, and we decided to do this "family style." Each of us ordered a different dish, and shared our entrees. It gave us a chance to try just about everything on the menu! I can honestly say that every dish was delicious. Portions are generous and service is quick. The servers were very friendly and attended to our every need, which I'm sure was difficult, as busy as they were, but we didn't notice. They responded to every request with a smile.  I also enjoyed the outdoor patio area. It is set back from the street, which gives some privacy.  I saw many parents out there, with their children, working on homework or just letting the kids walk around a bit, while having dinner.  Definately a family-friendly place. I would definately go back to the Mac Shack again, when in Vegas.
3	The Mac Shack has a menu that lets you have countless combos of pasta, sauces, meats, and veggies as well as regular menu items that they came up with. It's not fast food but you don't have to wait long for you order. They even bring it to the table for ya! I had the Crazy Alfredo. It had one jumbo shrimp, chicken, bell peppers, mushrooms and jalapenos. I opted to add roasted garlic for 50 cents more. All of the dishes come on a biodegradable plates made from banana leaves. I thought that was a nice touch being the eco-friendly person I am.  Every thing is prepared fresh when you order it. The kitchen is open for all to see whet the cook is doing.My main gripe and the reason for only 3 stars is the cost to portion ratio. I could have eaten 2 meals but I really didn't want to take out a loan for it. The total bill for two people with two drinks was like 25 bucks. I never understood why pasta places charge so much for so little. But I don't run the store so I have no clue what the operating costs are.I recommend every one tries it at least once. I'll go back but I think it's a bit pricey for me to be a regular
4	Lets be honest with a name like Mac Shack is there anyway this place this could live up to our overblown childhood expectations gone amok? To define Mac Shack, its a new and extremely well done pasta driven italian style restaurant.  I won't call it fast food but, from the time I ordered the food it was on my table within a few minutes and I was in and out of the place in about 45 min.The menu varies from their combinations of food or you can get very adventurous and create your own meal.  When ordering there is a glass case with all the optional items for you to see and drool over.  The place even has descent selection of wine and beer.I ordered the asiago-blue mac and cheese and it was delicious.  You could taste the real cheese in every bite and the pasta was slightly al dente like I prefer. I went with a friend and he had the "farm house" which he described as tasty and well rounded.  I snuck a bite and will be ordering it next time.  I highly recommend this place just keep the inner child at bay, as its impossible to keep that little bugger happy!
4	We have been eagerly awaiting the opening of Mac Shack, and it was worth the wait. My boyfriend had the blue cheese mac and enjoyed it.  I had the build your own pasta and really enjoyed the vodka sauce and artichokes.  We'll be back!
4	My husband and I had been pretty damn psyched to try this place and I'm happy to report it lives up to expectations! *Atmosphere: Cute, clean, fresh. I would liken it to Create (atmosphere-wise).*Cost: 2 pasta dishes + 2 drinks set us back $18 with tax . I feel like this isn't a bad value, others may disagree.*They have COKE ZERO. Hell yes. My favorite soft drink EVER*They don't have rotini. WTF they have 3 types of tube pasta and even wagon wheels but no F-ing spiral pasta. Disappointed by that as a spiral pasta fan. *Service was fine. They forgot to put our rolls on the plate at first, but when I complained and made a sad face rolls were brought out immediately. They were delicious and worth complaining for, btw*Those that complain about the portion sizes are a bit too gluttonous. Sorry, it had to be said. These portions are more than enough for any reasonable sized appetite. My husband and I came VERY hungry and only finished about 3/4 of our food.So onto the food!*Cheddar Mac and cheese with sirloin added. So I MUCH prefer baked mac and cheeses but I can understand why a sauce based approach would have to be used at this sort of establishment. The sirloin wasn't chopped up as much as we liked either (we asked them to cut it up for us). That being said it was quite delicious! Just not "best mac and cheese in las vegas" material. *The Farm. Ordered as described on menu (ham, proscuitto, peas, bowtie pasta, egg, white sauce). YUM! It was a cabonera inspired masterpiece and something that we will be ordering every time. SO freaking good and I did prefer this to the mac and cheese. Bottom line: If you're searching for the best mac and cheese in Vegas, look elsewhere. If you're searching for an affordable pasta joint with tons of options this place is perfect.
1	Great concept. Pretty tasty.Portions are tiny. Don't be deceived by ordering "meatballs", they give you 'a' meatball the size of a golf ball.I was charged 50 cents for them sprinkle basil on top of my dish. 50 more for a pinch of sundried tomatoes, etc...For about half the price of my pasta I could have ordered a pasta dish at the Macaroni Grill with about 3 times as much food.This place will not last. Most people will try it once and never go back to pay $10 for a side portion of mac and cheese with 'a' shrimp.I went home hungry and made myself a sandwich.
3	I'm going to go ahead and give this place an incomplete until I have tried even a small percentage of the menu. I went in with two friends for lunch and the place already seemed busy which is a good sign. The staff was very friendly and eager to explain the concept which is a pleasant surprise for fast food. I agree with Misti that it seems like a Chiptole style fast food joint that serves pasta.The funny part about my order was that I stole it from one of the pre-made "Mac favorites" and saved myself a quarter. I got penne with the broccoli pesto and roasted garlic. My friends both ordered overloaded pasta with lots of toppings but both settled on more traditional sauces. Their dishes were both delicious but I ended up not enjoying my dish as much as I had hoped. The flavor was incredible but my pasta looked to be swimming. It appears the chef didn't realize I ordered pasta and not soup. If they had toned down the amount of sauce or added more pasta I think the result would've been a 4 star lunch.Like I mentioned above the jury is still out on this place until I can try a lot more combos. The fact that I enjoyed 2 out of 3 dishes and the 3rd could be saved with a bit of tweaking makes me think I'll be visiting this place semi-frequently. I'm glad I pestered my friends until they accompanied me. Hopefully I'll be able to bump the rating to 4 stars on my next visit. Mmm....Alfredo!
3	ok so my arm was twisted.... I was guilted but now i'm found.
3	I enjoyed my meal, but couldn't get over how expensive it was. $17 for two pasta dishes and two waters!? We could eat at Olive Garden for a little more, AND get free bread sticks and salad!The restaurant is cute, nice decor. Friendly staff. There are great options as far as pastas, veggies and sauces go. The Garlic and Oil sauce was really tasty. I enjoyed my Asiago Blue Mac and Cheese with broccoli and asparagus. I was worried it'd be too blue cheesy, but I thought it was perfect. I thought the portions were a good size.. filling. Although I liked the food, I don't think I'll go back often because of the prices. Maybe I need to sign up for their coupons..
4	I missed the Yelp party here! Nooooo!Been here a couple of times... it's the Chipotle of Pasta. Easiest, best way to describe it.Solid lunch spot. Make your own pasta dishes... what else can you say about it? if you love pasta, this is your place. Service with a smile, everything was cooked to order, it's turning into a nice little regular spot for us.
3	I like the concept of the Mac Shack. I have some suggestions for improvement as well.I ordered the Crazy Alfredo. It was tasty and filling but I wouldn't say it was mind-blowing or anything like that. My meal came with a piece of bread that was good as well. Overall, the meal was heavy. I felt like I had eaten a stick of butter and a cup of cream.I do want to go back and try some of the other items before I write off this place.Here's my suggestion for the Mac Shack: fountain drinks don't cut it for your food. Heavy butter and cream does not go well with Coke Zero or Sprite. I think they need some specialty drinks that complement the food. Snapple, Orangina, fruit juice, something like that. Just a suggestion.
4	I promised I would come back and give it another shot. A friend was in town and wanted to go somewhere chill, lowkey and "local". I thought this would be a great opportunity to come back to the Mac Shack. Food was solid. Service was perfect. Everything I would expect from a Mac Shack. Portions were generous.My friend and I each ordered the kids version of Mac N Cheese and it was PLENTY for each. Also, we split the spinach salad, which was pretty good too. The best part? Since we each ordered the kids version, we got fruit roll-ups. Holler.This kid smiled. If you come here, you will too!
3	I went to the Mac Shack for two reasons: 1) This place has been yelped about like crazy...that is usually reason enough alone. 2) My wife and I have been trying like crazy to find place with this concept. We are both from a part of  the country that has the Noodles & Company chain, and love the idea of a create your own pasta dish restaurant. When I first walked in a I was struck on how similar it looks to a Noodles & Company. That may not be on purpose as the whole modern look is pretty in with restuarants. We were greeted right away, which was nice, and the menu was pretty self explanatory. I got the penne with pepper sauce, broccoli, onions and peppers, my wife got the fettuccine with pesto, sun-dried tomatoes and broccoli. I can't remember what my mother-in-law got, but my brother-in-law got the baked ziti. I really enjoyed my dish, full of flavor, well cooked pasta, and loads of veggies. My only complaint would be the size of the entree. For the price, I thought it could be a bit larger.  My family enjoyed their dishes as well.The service was great, but I need to wait for my second visit to determine if its a 4 starer.
3	So I just tried this place because I figured it was only a matter of time.  I created a pasta primavera of my own with whole wheat pasta, tomato sauce and various veggies. The good thing was there were tons of fresh veggies, proteins, pasta and cheeses to choose from.It's almost as if you're in a buffet line with all macaroni except there isn't a little kid in front of you that wipes his nose and innocently handpicks his favorite french fry *germaphobeThe only thing I didn't like was that I specifically asked for no cheese and when I got home I found Parmesan sprinkled all over my pastaI agree with the "nothing to write home about" comment: however, I do give them an A for an innovative concept.I imagine for the cheese lovers, you can get your fix here!
4	My friend and I went to Mac Shack for lunch and we both loved the concept of "create your own" pasta.  I was informed that the restaurant is owned by the same folks who own Nora's and that they're considering franchising Mac Shack's.  All of the ingredients were extremely fresh and tasty.  I enjoy I had the special, which was linguine with pesto, portobello mushrooms, green peppers and shrimp.  My friend had whole wheat pasta with vodka sauce, eggplant, broccoli and olives.  I thought her pasta tasted much better than the whole wheat pasta I normally buy in a box at the supermarket.  Neither of us could finish the whole portion, which included a small roll.  There are take home boxes available next to the soda station.This is a nice, inexpensive place to go with anyone, especially a bunch of picky eaters... they can make their food to their own liking.  You can specify to "go light on the sauce" if you want.  The decor is actually really attractive with Peter Lik photos throughout.  Beer and wine is available - yay! - and the patio looks like a nice place to enjoy dinner when it's not over 100 degrees!
3	This place was ok. Nothing really amazing though. I had the Red Rigatoni ( if I remember correctly). The portion looked small but was actually quite filling. It wouldnt hurt if they gave more bread with the meal but I suppose this isnt that kinda place anyway. The prices were not bad either and the service was good. I wouldnt mind going back to try out another dish.
5	Let me just talk to you about the day dreams I have had about this joint ever since my first visit (just yesterday). If you are interested in fresh ingredients (of your choosing), delicious flavor AND the benefits of eating off of echo friendly plateware..TRY THE MAC SHACK! It's a little out of the way but definitely worth the drive. From fresh veggies, to homemade sauces, the Mac Shack has taken the "create your own entree" to a whole new level. I created a traditional "Kim" style pasta dish with the following ingredients: Chicken, vodka sauce, mozzarella and ricotta cheese, rigatoni pasta, and..oooh I don't know sheer deliciousness! TRY IT, and if it sucks (in your opinion) you've created your own dish and it's all your fault for improper use of ingredient combinations ;)
1	My wife ate at noodle and co. In Colorado and she raved about for a few days. So I noticed someone said this place was like it so I thought hey let's give it a try. It was terrible!! I got the pesto chicken, wife got a veggie dish, and we got our daughter regular Mac and cheese. When we got the food is was so hot!! I mean unbearable hot. So after waiting a few minutes I tasted and it was undercooked noodles and a weird taste. I never leave food that I just purchased but this was BAD!!! An awkward worker came by and asked how it was and I told her "this is terrible!" I don't think she new how to react to this. She said I can take it back. I told her, really this dish was $8. If I was at a sit down restaurant then I would of had her take it back in a heartbeat, so I felt bad about trying to get my money back or another dish. I ended up eating half of my daughter's Mac and cheese. So just to sum up don't go to this place with high expectations. I was very disappointed!!
5	I created my own pasta with whole wheat penne, pomodoro sauce, fresh spinach, green peppers, & mushrooms.  Excellent size portion.  Priced unbelievably at $7.50. It's a great alternative to going to a formal sit-down italian eatery like macaroni grille.  They also serve wine & beer so its a great way to pair your meal up.I'd only like to see them offer a small salad for and extra price to kind of balance the meal.  But still a great place and looking forward to returning!Tip-sign up on line for their "Pasta Club" and get a $5 coupon for being on their mailing list.
2	Sometimes there's a place that has a lot of hype...everyone you know loves the place, and then you go there and well...it's not that good.That's Mac Shack, don't get me wrong it's not bad, I like the concept, and the food was decent, but the portions were kind of small, the prices were fairly high, and there were some bugs on the Jalapenos.I think if this place hadn't been as hyped as it was it may have been a little better for me, but I went in expecting the greatest mac and cheese on earth and got a plate of average.
1	Not really all that it's cack up to be....I created my own pasta...the noodles tasted nasty! At first, I has a hard time trying to pin point what it tasted like then it dawned on me it tasted like noodles from chicken noodle soup! The meat sauce wasn't that great either...no flavor at all.I would suggest eating at Olive Garden or Macaroni Grill...
2	Good idea, poor execution. Everything on the menu sounded great, but my smile turned into a frown as soon as my dish came out. Portion was waaaaay smaller than what I thought it'd be, considering I paid $9 for noodles and vegetables only. Then I thought fine, maybe they'd make it up in tasty goodness. Not so much. The angel hair was super greasy and not in a good way (I had an italian roommate so I  understand yummy grease). Furthermore, ingredient flavors did not mesh well (this was their own recommended creation, I didn't pick the ingredients). I ate less than half and went home still hungry. I really tried to like this place, but was disappointed overall. The food wasn't horrible, but I very much doubt I'll go back.
3	Oh, the Mac Shack. It's the Chipotle of the pasta industry. You can build your own pasta or they have daily specials. They have several types of pasta, a variety of sauces, and about 50 or so ingredients you can add in to the mix.The place is clean, the people behind the counter are alright. Not too friendly, but not rude. You order, they bring the food out to you, but you get your own drinks. It's an okay spot for lunch. It isn't anything fancy and it isn't anything I would crave. It wasn't great, but it wasn't horrible.
4	I was pleasantly surprised. Really cool concept. Nice decor. Reasonably priced. Food was pretty good. And lots of cool little touches like nice napkins and real silverware. Definately worth checking out!You can also sign up for their email list which alerts you to beer/wine tastings paired which thier pasta creations...events are weekly/monthly-ish.
2	I was dissapointed in my experience at this eatery. I went in ordered my pasta with a friend and sat down. A couple minutes had gone by and my friend got her meal.. it wasnt until i had complained twice and my friend was almost half done that i recieved mine. When i got it the sauce was starting to harden and it was a bit cold.When I complained the staff was rude in explaining it got to me as fast as it could.  I didnt end up eating it but my friend claimed her pasta was amazing... she can go back there alone for more! ha
1	Very rarely do I consider a meal so bad I want my money back and want to yell at the management. One trip to this place did that for me. Started by having the person at the counter took a phone call right when I was ordering, stayed on the phone, then had to go to the back to get whom ever for the call. once I ordered, got my beverage and sat down, food came in about 5 minutes. Server switched my food with another table, so it had to be redone. Once I got my new food, I then needed to ask for another fork. Once I got the fork and tried my food, I was so disappointed with all of it. Got the Asiago Blue Mac, with port mushrooms, roasted tomatoes, chicken and caramelized onions. The cheese sauce tasted nothing like asiago or blue cheese. It was very bland and watery. Portion was small. The chicken was tough, the onions not caramelized and the mushrooms tasted old. No manager to be seen anywhere I left my meal half finished on the table. Great concept with terrible execution. Stay away till they work out the food flavor and quality issues. If you go, don't say I didn't warn you.
2	Please! Please! Check your food before you leave if your gonna take this home. Let's see I ordered 2 kids meals one with a Meatball one without  the first was $4.95 this should include pasta with sauce + meatball + drink + fruit roll up. I only got the pasta with sauce No meatball No Drink No fruit roll up. The second  $4.50 this should include pasta with sauce + drink + fruit roll up. I only got the pasta with sauce No Drink No fruit roll up.
2	so.... we have driven by the Mac Shack several times as we run our errands and thought we should eat there some time.  Well, the "some time" was last Sunday.Before going to any restaurant,  I "Yelp" it  and also look up the restaurant website.  Because of their connection with Nora's Cuisine on Jones/Flamingo, we decided to give Mac Shack a try.You order at the counter, take a number, get your own drink and sit at a table.  All the tables were not cleaned or wiped or they had the last patron's empty cups still sitting on the table.  We took the table with the empty cups, (there goes a star)We ordered a Caesar's Salad to share with their homemade dressing.  The romaine lettuce insides were mostly used, (not the leafy middle sections), croutons were not crispy at all and the dressing was too mayonaisey...(bye bye to a star and a half...)  The roll was very good but no butter...Hubby ordered the lasagna which was just okay...he didn't finish it... Hubby says, it's kind of mall  Food court food or fast food....(tata to another star and a half..)  His iced tea was very good.Now...on the other hand, my veggie pasta plus garlic was very good - pasta was not overcooked and the veggies were yummy! (brought a star back)This was an okay place....hubby won't come back but I most likely will for carbo loading before my cycling or tri events.  In fact, they should advertise it to the sporting events around town.They had some empty walls that should be used for at least 4 flat screens.  One guy looked so bored sitting there.If we ordered the "make your own", dishes,  I don't know if the price would have been more expensive.  If it was, then it's probably over priced.Customer service was so so....they didn't notice the empty cups until we told them to clear it off.(We should also be able to put half, (1/2) stars for the ratings.)
5	Second time visiting Mac Shack.  A+++++ totally delicious.  WHole wheat pasta with spinach, artichokes, peppers, mushrooms and red sauce.  Yum.   The portions are just right and the price is as cheap as taking a family to Mcd's.  Healthy, tasty.  Just one thing, can you build one closer to Summerlin already??
1	We pondered over the menu, all the options are a bit overwhelming. There are a dozen pastas and ten different sauces to choose from, then you chose veggies, cheeses and proteins to be added. We thought we'd go with one of "Mac's Favs" the Broccoli Pesto ($7.50) and we'd also try the Pepperjack Mac ($6.25). The broccoli pesto is served over penne with chicken and sauteed garlic. It was dreadful. The pasta was underdone and overdone, depending on the bite. It was bad news. The chicken was so dry I could have easily mistaken them for breadcrumbs. The pesto was overpowered by garlic only a slight bitterness shined through.The pepperjack mac also has monterey jack and asiago cheeses.  It was better than the broccoli pesto. The noodles were cooked evenly and it had a little kick. The jalapenos on top were just terrible, like they were dehydrated or something. Very odd. Otherwise, the first few bites were decent. Then the mac cooled. It quickly became grainy and gross. I grew tired of it in a hurry.
2	It's ok. I mean, it's pasta/spaghetti.I love pasta and all but, this is the kinda stuff I can do myself. And frankly, I'M NOT A COOK; so that already says alot!One great part of their menu was that their mac and cheese. It was pretty delish. Cheesy and crispy (from the baked topping). I wish wish WISH they served garlic bread/toast/something with the pasta. Instead was some sweet roll. WEIRD.Other than the menu, the ambiance was nice. Pretty classy with great panoramic pictures of farms (ala wheat ala pasta).If there was one major suggestion I could make to the owner, it would be to: INVEST IN REAL UTENSILS!!!!!!!!! ----- Please, someone, tell the owners this!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!It was odd to be drinking wine and eating $8 pasta with a plastic fork and knife. Classy place with plastic utensils...LIKE, REALLY???!!!!???!
5	The last couple of times I came here, my experiences progressively got better. Maybe they are getting better at what they do.Like many Las Vegans, I used my groupon. I actually had two. So, when I came in with my Mom, the cashier told me that I can't use two groupons for two people (per the fine print). BUT, he did say that if we ordered separately, then it would work.I love it when the staff is friendly enough to bend the policy to suit the customers needs without causing any harm to the venue. This is good customer service.I ordered the Pepper Jack Mac and it was divine. Mac and Cheese with PepperJack. Phenom. Also, topped off with FRESH (not canned) jalapenos. Also ordered the basic salad. Also fantastic.My food came out rather quick. It was hot. Tasty. And everything I come to expect from the Mac Shack.One thing I'd love to see (not a criticism) is "dish of the month" or newer pasta combinations. These can help inspire customers to create their own pastas from the menu.Last note for this trip. Bathrooms are ridiculous. And awesome. The hand-dryer is the Xclerator...you know...the one that blows air at jet speeds to the point where you see the skin on your hand fold up into little waves. Awesome sauce.
4	This place is great!  I bought a couple Groupons to check this place out, and I'll definitely be back even though I've used both of them.  The whole wheat pasta with broccoli pesto sauce and zucchini, sundried tomatoes, and asparagus is hearty and delicious.  The service has been fine.  The food gets out very quickly.  My only issue is that I think the prices are a little high for the portion size.
4	I must say this place was very good. Just heard about it from my sister in law last nite and me n my husband were very intrigued to try it!!! I will definately come back!!! My kids loved it!!!
4	Mac Shack has the awesome idea of any pasta, with any sauce, and whatever topping you want for a decent price! The taste is okay, and the atmosphere is nice, and if you finish all your food, they even offer you a free lollipop that is on the wall near the door. The service was nice and the food was delivered in good time. This is definitely a place for pasta lovers, and not a place for someone who just likes mac and cheese.
3	Second time there.  The food is still just "OK".  The pricing isn't that bad for what you get.  Ordered a baked spaghetti to go.  By the time I got hom the meat sauce on the top had dried out and all the water was on the bottom.  The lasagne was so so.  Unfortunately the benchmark for lasagne is Stouffers, at least for me it is.  I'll probably go back again, but it's not a place that's in the regular rotation at this point.
4	I feel my review of the Mac Shack has taken far too long.  Luckily, I was fortunate to experience the wonder of the shack!  I agree 100% with Misti that from the moment you walk inside you think to yourself: Chipotle.The Shack is nothing like a shack.  It's presented clean, neat, well organized, and simple.  You have a plethora of menu items including the do-it yourself Pasta section.  There is wine and beer available and veggie options as well as sirloin, shrimp, bacon, ham, and more cheese!  I found myself in love with all the menu choices.I chose the PepperJack Mac and my date selected the Blue Cheese Mac.  When the entrees were brought to the table they were switched around and tasted a little off.  After one bite we knew we would be sending them back.  Adam, the Mac Shack server/buser was very kind and quickly had are orders redone and made correctly.  I will never downgrade a rating for making a wrong order; we're all human.  It's what the restaurant does after that tells me if they care. Adam brought our new orders of Mac and they tasted delicious.  I'm a fan of Mac Shack and plan on a return visit very soon.  Thanks again Adam!
3	We drove by this place many times and finally decided to give this place a try.  We were pleasantly surprise by the openess and size of the restuarant.  Luckily we got in the line when we did, only one person in front of us, but by the time we finished ordering, the line was out to the door.  I really like the pick ur own pasta, sauce, ingredients combination.  My wife ordered the linguini with meat sauce, shrimp, sausage, zucchini and portabella mushroom combo and I ordered the wheat penne pasta with chicken, sirlion, shallot, asparagus with roasted pepper sauce.  My wife got a lot more bang for her buck than I did.  My portion was small compared to my wife's mound of linguini.  I guess wheat penne is expensive.  The only complaint my wife had was that she only got 2 shrimp in her pasta for an additional $1.50.   My pasta could have been a little more tasty, but not bad.   Overall this was a very pleasant dining experience and we will come back to try different combinations next time.
3	Finally tried Mac Shack which is perfectly located in my neighborhood.  I liked the food in a lazy day, let's just create our own pasta and dictate to Mac Shack way!Our creation was spaghetti with meatballs, fra diavolo sauce, zucchini, portobello mushrooms and extra garlic! Viola! The only thing that I didn't like is one of the staff that packed up the food into the bags. He was very slow and kept mixing the orders with another order into different bags.
3	Cool vibe, cool idea, cool bowls... But just not as good as I had hoped. After trying a wide variety of the pasta bowls, I'm just not impressed. Worth a trip but nothing is flavor filled.
5	I know that there is a God because my prayers were answered in the form of the Mac Shack! They should change their name to Mac and Cheezus because I had a religious experience when I ate their delicious Gluten Free offerings. First, the staff is amazingly nice and professional and the atmosphere is clean and inviting.Second, they will make any of their dishes with gluten free pasta...can I get an amen?Here is what we ordered:Asiago Blue Mac ($6.95) Asiago, blue cheese, and pecorino romano in a luscious creamy sauce over perfectly cooked (and this is very difficult to do) gluten free pasta. Wow, this was so good. The sauce was perfectly balanced and the portion was hearty.Cheddar Mac ($5.95) Wisconsin cheddar, aged white cheddar, and monterey jack cheese once again in a creamy sauce over GF pasta. This was great too!You can also create your own pasta dish from a selection of sauces, pastas and other ingredients. I was so impressed by the great, friendly service, their ability to properly cook GF pasta, and their willingness to create great food for the gluten challenged. Thank you Mac and Cheezus, um I mean Mac Shack, for answering my gluten free prayers!
3	So we set out for a quick meal, as a family, Sunday night.  We had seen the place and never stoped.  What better place than a restaurant based around the almighty mac and cheese.My wife had the pepper jack mac which was amazing.  We shared an order of meatballs with red pepper sauce, it was ok. My daughter had the bow tie pasta with tomato sauce which she ate all of it. ( now that is amazing)Here is why they recived three stars and not higher.  I ordered the angle hair with garlic oil, roasted tomatoes, bacon and basil.  It was delish.  UNTIL i saw the piece of hair in my bowl.  This was just disgusting and made me not eat all my food.The restaurant was clean and this mishap may not make me stay away, but it will be a minute before I return.
4	It's taken me a long time to get around to trying the Mac Shack, and I think a lot of the kinks people have complained about must have been worked out because I didn't run into any. For instance, I added chicken and there was plenty. They were definitely not stingy with it. I got the Pepper-Jack Mac and it was good, but I enjoyed the Farm that my husband got better. The bowls were different than most of those pictured here, and we had real utensils. I really enjoyed it and look forward to trying new things on the menu! Plus they gave me a little bowl of totally plain noodles for my daughter. I don't care if they "subtracted" them from my dish (although I don't think they did) but any time a restaurant goes above and beyond like that they deserve a little extra credit!
1	I visit the Mac Shack on a regular basis as it is right around the corner for me.  As other reviews have stated, its solid as a "Chipotle for Pasta" type experience, but its nothing to write home about.  They do continue to stiff you on whatever protein you order with your pasta.  Don't expect any more than two pieces of chicken, shrimp, etc. when you order.  But those complaints have never been enough to keep me from going.  Here's what is...Robert, I don't know if you're the manager or owner or just a shift manager or something but your customer service is awful.  Awful enough to make me write a Yelp review.  You are aloof and rude every single time I've had the displeasure of dealing with you.  You have screwed up my order on three separate occasions.  I come in for to-go orders on a regular basis.  On one evening you stood next to the girl on the register while the line continued to build.  Having food management experience myself, I assumed you were training her.  But after a 15 minute wait, I finally got to the front of the line and it became clear that no, this was an experienced employee and you were just...well, what exactly WERE you doing?  You then decided to inform me that I "should know better" that I don't have to wait for to-go orders.  Here's an idea, get on the other register and get the line moving faster and it wouldn't have mattered.  Today, I came in around noon with no one in front of me, but I had to wait for you to finish your conversation with a staff member before I was greeted and allowed to place my order; an order that I discovered you ONCE AGAIN screwed up because you were clearly more interested in whatever your conversation was than giving me, the customer, your attention.  The food and the environment were good enough, not great, but good enough to make me a regular in the past, but I think my days of visiting the Mac Shack are over thanks to one employee.  So thank you Robert.Update:  After writing the above review I was contact by both Robert and one of the owners.  They apologized for the poor service and expressed a desire to do better if I gave them another chance.  I appreciated their effort and their desire to make things right.  I do not know if I'll ever be in a mood to visit the Mac Shack again, but if I do and their service standards change, I will update the review again.
4	The portions are my sized. That means you'll need a to go box, you wuss. Their cesear dressing tastes like what Cesear intended! So I highly recommend at least a side of cesear salad if you like it a natural.The price seems quite appropiate to their portion size. So with everything being rated I'd say it's 4 stars. If I was a little kid it might be 5.
2	American/Italian macaroni and cheese is available as cheddar mac, pepper jack, mac or asiage blue mac yummy. Patrons also can choose a pasta 9 (gluten-free available) and a sauce and add ingrelients for 50 cent each and proteins for 1.50 each.
3	OK lunch of mac 'n cheese with a side Caesar.  Just over $10, but he dining area is clean, comfortable and the staff is wonderfully friendly and helpful.  Next time, I'll try a salad as a main dish.  Good in a pinch.
5	I have been wanting to try this place for quite some time and I am glad I did! I am now a fan and plan to return whenever I visit. It was ranked as one of the best places for mac&cheese on Haute Living Las Vegas site, and it most definitely is. At first I thought it was a bit pricey but when I saw the bowl they give you I was stunned. It is really good but no matter how delicious, it is hard to finish it all! You can save money and share with a friend (if neither person has a huge appetite), or save some for later. Either way it is totally worth the money and worth visiting to try the different combination options again and again.
3	I like this place, I love pasta, and the more the better.  It's in the boonies for me, but for the price point and the speed of service it was great.  I got the carbonara like dish, which I love carbonara, so it's hard to mess up for me.  My boyfriend did a alfredo pasta and my friends got the mac with the jalapenos.  We were all happy campers.  It's not EXTRAORDINARY, but I'd go because the service is quick and the servers are REALLY nice.You get what you pay for.
2	I'm not a big fan of pick your ingredients type places.  I'm a crappy cook.  Whatever I come up with will almost certainly be sub-par.  I go out to eat so that professionals can do that part (and the cooking) for me.I had the Asiago Blue Mac and didn't care for it.  The fact that the menu only has a few pre-defined dishes would have made me believe they should be better thought out.For a meal that cost over $10 I'm usually much happier.  I love Mac & Cheese at most places so I was all the more disappointed.  Despite my first experience, I'll likely go back for one more try.
5	Love this place - my favorite is the Baked Rigatoni (formerly the Ziti Bake) with meat sauce, ricotta, and melted goodness (cheese) on top :)Alfredo and pesto sauces are also great. Service is friendly, prices are decent, and I've never been disappointed by the taste :)
5	I love the Philly cheese steak pasta!  The atmosphere is kid friendly and more importantly it's clean.  My kids really like going... I have a 6 year old that enjoys the farro and spinach salad and a 3 year old that loves mac & cheese. The price seems quite appropriate to the portion size.
5	SO GOOD! The service is always fast & friendly. I like being able to call in my lunch order and have it ready quickly. The dining area is always clean and the prices are right. The Farm House is by far my favorite; the peas really make the dish for me.
3	1st time I was here I was so excited and I tried their mac and cheese, soup, and another creamy pasta. I got a little sick and bogged down because it was too heavy. The flavors and portion size were decent. The next couple times I came back it was inconsistent. The special would be good one day and not the next. The service is also the same, one day the counter person would not know anything, the next, they would be helpful and informative. The ingredients look fresh and I've watch them cook. It's quite mesmerizing watching the chef cook up so many pasta plates. I like this place and will go back, but there's nothing exciting about the flavors. It's a good place to grab a quick bite.
5	Great place for some delicious pasta just the way you like it. I usually order the 'Crazy Alfredo' or the 'Red Rigatoni.' As for the other reviews that don't know what to order 'cause it's make-your-own, choose one of the favorite dishes already designed and swap out for stuff/ favorite noodles you like. And for those that thought this place was expensive, get real, this is NOT fast food 99 cent burgers. The ingredients are fresh and made when you order. I would go here over Macaroni Grill any day; a great inexpensive meal ($6-9) and delicious pasta how you want it made.
5	Any place that makes the world of "what-if's" come true.. Is definitely worthy to be on my list! Just the name Mac Shack is strong and very straight forward.One night me and the BF were looking for salad for our resolution diet. We've been passing by Mac Shack and finally decide to try it. It was around 820pm and mind you they close at 9pm. So, I was worried they'd deny us of service. But the moment we walked in.. First things first they greeted us. In other words, the didn't mind at all to serve us for their last remaining minutes.Cool thing was the menu was pretty "self-explanatory". They had a section of create-your-own pasta and a section of creations of their own.I created my own. Bow tie pasta with spicy red sauce. The spice was perfect. I added ricotta cheese, sun-dried tomatoes, mushrooms and zucchini. Cool thing is, if you're not sure what any of those ingredients look like.. They have physical samples right underneath a glass, which is conveniently the cash register table. It's great for the visual learners :). I'm not a big wine fan but they do serve it. And afterwards they have tootsie pops on your way out.The seating is plenty. There's even outdoor seating, although it's been too cold lately, I'd love to sit next to the orange tree. But the inside art work is gunna do for now. Parking is also plenty. Once again, another place of many possibilities specifically with pasta.
4	The food was good, but inconsistent.  I ordered and dined in, but also took an order to go.  I don't know if they were cooked by different people, but they were prepared with a hugely different amount of ingredients.  It has been several months since my last visit, but I am almost sure the price went up and that they used to include a bread stick.  The staff was very friendly and the facility clean.
2	I was in the mood for pasta so we popped in.  My husband only gets alfredo where every we go, and Mac Shacks tasted like Kraft Mac n Cheese White Cheddar.  He liked it but he's a very plain palate.  Yes, I married Mr. Meat and Fries.  I had angel hair with olive oil, roasted garlic, spinach, mushrooms and shrimp.  I ONLY GOT TWO SHRIMP!  Really?  And maybe 10 mushrooms, 10 pieces of spinach, and 4 cloves of roasted garlic.  I have heard from others that they "load you up" on toppings but I did not receive that!  I was very disappointed in the "bang for your buck" of this place.  It did take care of my craving though...and got rid of that $25 that was just taking up space in my wallet........ :(
4	Looking for a quick and easy way to do pasta without having to wait a half and hour sit down and eat at a chain restaurant? Well if so check out Mac Shack. Really easy to find and if your in the SW part of town it's probably a place you have driven by many times. Located on Warm Springs, across from Vons it has a very spacious inside with a Subway type of feel (in a good way) to ordering. The menu is very simple to order off of and there are plenty of options to keep you coming back to try them all. The food overall is very good, just a little salty. I have tried a few different dish combinations with Alfredo sauce, meat sauce and a few different combinations of near add ons. Overall very nice place to grab a quick and easy pasta dish without having to go to a chain restaurant.
5	Love having fast and convenient Italian food in SW Vegas! The food is relatively high quality and made when your order. Highly recommended if you like Italian with out always having to sit down for a long meal.
4	Great pasta bar... I hope they open some more locations... like in Summerlin (hint hint)...  Their proteins are a little bland, to be honest.  Their italian sausage is not very good.  The chicken and meatballs are just so-so.  But their sauces and pastas are really tasty.  If they can get some better meats, this place will go viral.
3	Yelp led us to this place and I'm glad it did. It is cute inside and open- you won't be rubbing shoulders with anyone, I promise!!! Behind the cashier's counter are tall filled containers of pasta and there is one tall wall as you walk in coverved with cute sayings-too cute!! I love the color scheme in here-orange,green, brown-Love it!!!At the counter you can also buy cupcakes from The Cupcakery for $3.50 each, ouch!!!THE FOOD: Cheddar Mac- Daughter loved it, I tried it and yeah, it was cheesey good.                           She asks to go back and eat this often...The BF and I built our own:- Angel Hair Pasta with Roasted Pepper Sauce,Roasted Garlic,Sun Dried Tomatoes,Mushrooms and Shrimp.This pasta was really good however my problem is with the shrimp...It's $1.75 to add shrimp. You get 2 pieces of Shrimp-Ridiculous if you ask me!!!! They lost a star for that...Gosh, at least give 3 pieces afterall I'm paying extra for those shrimp!!!!- Penne Pasta with Spicy Red Sauce and roasted garlic. Really good too and honestly spicy as well.The Garlic bread was not very good-it didn't really taste like there was much butter or garlic on it at all.So all in all other than those darn 2 pieces of shrimp my experience here was good and like I said the food was tasty I just would pass on the shrimp, Oh hell why don't you just bring your own shrimp...Before you leave make sure to grab a free tootsie roll lollipop near the door....I wonder if they stopped buying those free lollipops I could've gotten a 3rd shrimp? Things that make you go hmmm.....
2	Friends recommended this place so I though I'd check it out. I ordered the Smokehouse Mac, because who doesn't love bacon and smoked gouda? My girlfriend ordered rigatoni with meat sauce and ricotta. I also ordered a side Caesar and garlic bread.The salads didn't find their way to our table until a few minutes after our pasta. They had a strong fishy flavor and lacked the salty garlic taste I expect in a Caesar salad. The mac and cheese had a strange sweetness to it, possibly from the barbecue sauce they put in it. If you order this dish ask them to leave it out. Better yet, don't order it. There was very little smoky flavor other than in the bacon itself. Some red pepper flake (in a shaker on the table) helped a bit, but I didn't finish more than a few bites.The rigatoni was OK but the meat sauce was a bit short on meat. And again, basic seasoning was lacking.What they call garlic bread is actually breadsticks. Honestly, Olive Garden does them better. I get an order free on my next visit thanks to my Yelp check-in, but I don't think there will be a next visit.
4	I'm really glad this place opened around the corner from me. Its a great place to feed my family quickly, while not breaking the bank. I have ordered from here on multiple occasions for dine in and take out and have not been dissapointed yet. The Atomosphere is clean with a modern yet cozy feeling to the decor. Good place to take the kids out to eat, without going through the whole sit down restaurant wait.If you can't tell this place is obvisouly all about the pasta. My wife and I particularly like the Asiago Blue Mac. The Farm House and Veggie have also been good. Portions sizes are good to fill ya and maybe have a bit for left overs. (I don't but my wife does, I think it tastes to good to stop)
4	Mac Shack is a great place to get a quick bite. I've been here quite a few times and have enjoyed everything I've had here. Once you start adding toppings it starts getting a little expensive, but it's nice to have so many fresh options. I tend to lean towards the mac n cheeses since I'm not a huge pasta fanatic. Add a little chicken or some veggies and you've got a great meal. Make sure you sign up on their eNewsletter and you'll receive lots of discounts and a free meal on your birthday.
4	I have been here 4 or 5 times and each time I have had great food and good service. For a place called MacShack my least favorite dish is the Mac & Cheese ironically but that is only because I like a crust on the top of my Mac. My favorite dish is the Farmhouse, it never disappoints. For the kiddies you will find a few pre-set options and my boys really enjoy the spaghetti with marinara and a meatball and a Tootsie Pop on the way out the door.Since my last visit they have added 3 different brewed iced teas which is a nice touch (black tea, passion fruit black tea and green tea). They ahve also added a flat panel screen at the front that shows some of the newer specials. The screen flips way to fast to actually read all of the items at one time. I would suggest they slow it down!
3	This concept is the wet dream of almost every girl I've ever known. A restaurant based around mac n cheese and pasta. (Plus they serve wine & beer.)It's solid gold for a simple dinner date with a picky eater.Basically the idea is that there are numerous varieties of pastas including several alternative diet choices such as farro, wheat and gluten free pastas, and in a variety of styles from linguine and angel hair to bow tie and wagon wheel.You choose your pasta type then you choose from 8-10 different sauces, then you can add items to it such as meats, veggies, or cheese.Then there's the Mac choices. They have several types of "gourmet" mac n cheese. My favorite is the pepper jack mac which is macaroni topped with monterey jack, pepper jack, and asiago cheeses and jalapenos.The macs run from $6.95-$7.95 then I add Sausage ($1.50) and fresh tomatoes (.50c) and fresh spinach (.50c). My date ordered the fettuccine noodles with alfredo sauce ($7) then added a double order of shrimp ($1.75 x 2)....yea...so everybody else has said it so I'll say it too. An order of shrimp is 2 shrimp! They are by no means small, but if feel like 3 would be a little more substantial.The portions for both the pastas and the mac's are filling for me and I have a big appetite. She could only finish half the pasta.Our total was roughly $23 without drinks. So the main problem here being that the 2 of us can go to olive garden and get something comparable to the above mentioned and also get salad and breadsticks for the same price, and feel just as satisfied, OR during lunch I can go to Maggiano's and get pasta, but lunch portion and it will be far better and as filling for less. I like the inside, but it basically screams "I'm a yuppy!" and "Please Franchise Me!" There's more hot soccer mom's ignoring their kids than an episode of The Real Housewives. Although I have to say both myself and my date loved the 3 large Peter Lik prints on the wall, and the deck is a nice little break in the spring and fall because there is almost nowhere in the Southwest to dine outside. The Good:If you have kids they will probably love it and they can find something to eat no matter what kind of insane diet you have them on.Nice deck and dining area.The Quality of the ingredientsThe staff is very helpful and polite, and you can tell they truly want to answer any questions you have.The not so Good:PriceThey are a perfect 7 for 7 on screwing up my order.(But to be fare I am throwing them a bit of a curve.)Portions of add ons could be a little more. you have to add several items to get any additional substance.If you don't have kids you still might end up sitting by a party of the little cheese covered lunatics.
5	I've been here 3 times now and look forward to going back.The food is always fresh, prices descent, and service good.I went here first with my girlfriend on a groupon, and loved it so much I've gone back and it's not close to my house at all...but worth the trip.
5	Pasta was cooked perfectly and the sauces are great!
2	When a friend of ours finally revealed to us that Mac Shack was not a trendy place to have creepy computer networking parties while enjoying overpriced coffee, my wife and I decided that a mac and cheese based restaurant sounded cool. After we discovered that Mac Shack was being brought to us by the genius culinary artists of Nora's, we couldn't wait to try it out. Spoiler alert...this place makes food that Nora was making in an Easy Bake Oven 45 years ago, and I recommend that if you want a similar quality of food for over half the price, go up the street to Fazoli's.  So, my first indication that Mac Shack was a terrible experience was the typo on the door sign. If you are going to throw obscene amounts of money into your pursuit of being the next Chipotle, learn how to use apostrophes (i.e. "pasta's).The menu was put together nicely. I was a little weirded out by the TV on the side showing off-menu items and specials. It felt a little too-cool-for-school to use a TV to show off specials, but maybe I am old school in that way. I like the blackboard and chalk approach way more. Anyhow, we settled on some tasty sounding menu items. I ordered the Pepper Jack Mac, my wife got the Red Rigatoni, and we ordered the Baby Mac and Cheese for our son. We also ordered a house side salad, a Caesar side salad, and bread sticks. I kind of freaked out when our bill was 40 dollars. Were we at Nora's or a place called Mac Shack? We should have gone to Nora's. The food took a while to come out, but it wasn't too bad of a wait. The food came, and it was hot enough to fry an egg on top of our pastas. Literally, steam was racing off the top of my son's "Baby Mac and Cheese." He waited 20 minutes to eat. This is always a pleasant experience with a 3-year-old who loves mac and cheese.So we ate bread sticks and salad. I think the bread they serve here may come from a bag. They were chewy and the crust wasn't crispy, warm, or buttery. If they are homemade, I am solidifying my theory that they are using easybake ovens in the kitchen. The house salad was really good. I can say that the best thing we had was the garden salad. Dressing was good and the greens were fresh and interesting. The Caesar was really bad. The dressing tasted like i was shoving anchovy paste in my mouth. It was too much fish. It could work in some restaurants, but really not a good idea for Chipotle gone pasta. Once the food cooled down, it was very boring. By the end of the meal, we were thinking how we could make all this at home for a quarter of the price. We discovered that this place makes a great meatball (The meatball and house salad are the only reason I would rate this place two stars), but everything else was just mediocre. The serving sizes don't jive with the prices, and they were not exciting presentations. The Pepper Jack Mac comes with "fried jalepenos" but when it came, it had 3 razor thin slices of raw jalepenos. Not very exciting. The red rigatoni was saved by the meatball, but everything else about it was sad. The sauce was bland, the chicken sausage had little flavor and the pasta was overcooked. My son's pasta was a step up from Kraft. Except I would never bring pasta that hot to a kid. At the end of the meal, my son had a Fruit Roll-Up to look forward to. I am just thinking here....and if I were developing a cool, trendy pasta place with innovative and exciting dishes that I was trying to market to foodies....I would probably serve kids meals with Fruit Roll-Ups. This was the perfect end to a perfectly disastrous meal. I don't like giving my kid Fruit Roll-ups, and I have to wonder about a restaurant that does. McDonalds even has fresh fruit these days. But they could have even done a cookie or ice cream. Why on earth would they serve something that you could buy prepackaged at Smiths? In closing, this place has all of their attention focused on making this a franchise-worthy experiment. But you cannot be the next Chipotle when you have ordinary food. I don't even think they should try to be the next Chipotle, but it is clear that is their main goal with Mac Shack. In the end, I don't even think the first restaurant will succeed if they cannot figure out how to make better food at a more appropriate price. But based on some of the yuppies giving this place 5 stars, maybe I have no idea what good food is. Next time we are looking for good "pasta's" we will not dine at Mac Shack. Hopefully nobody that reads this review will make the same mistake we did.
2	I was just disappointed in the food and the price.But then again they do serve beer
3	If I had written a review on one of the other three times we've gotten take out from here, I'd have given them 5 stars each time. This time however, I can only give 3. I always do the create your own pasta. I get to choose what I want without having to ask for things to be left out. The quality is always good, fresh and tasty. This time however I asked for a  double order of mushrooms and got maybe a half order. I was charged for 2 orders, but the money isn't the issue ($1?). I was just disappointed in a place that I had found consistent and tasty. I still plan to try them again. I don't want to sway anyone from trying this great little restaurant, I just hope they go back to what I had come to expect from them.
4	Several months ago, after our first visit to Mac Shack, I wasn't sure how to write a review. The food was OK, but I suspected some of the issues I had were more to do with me ordering poorly for my tastes as well as being the result of some miscommunications as a result of differing accents.We've just returned from our third go at Mac Shack and I think I've got my order "down" enough to write a review and decide I really do like the place.  I think it's neat the way you can customise your own pasta dishes, as well as order from a set list of creations. It's sort of like Cold Stone Creamery meets The Olive Garden. The bread sticks are fresh and tasty and the restaurant is really low pressure without feeling like something you'd find in a food court.  Something else I appreciated greatly was the absence of loud, blasting music, that has become a fact of life in so many dining establishments - here it's pleasantly muted.One think I feel could really improve the options here would be the ability to mix sauces. I like the roasted pepper sauce, particularly as I enjoy a creamy sauce, but it's a little bland and mixing it with a dash of the spicy read sauce would really make it a winner for me - alas, you can't mix sauces without paying the full price for a second sauce, even though you'd only be using half as much of each. This seems a bit silly to me.Overall, the food here is very good for the price. I love the casual atmosphere and the options. A little more ability to configure my dishes to my own taste would really make this a winner.
4	Meatless Mondays! If your order is meat free on a Monday you get 20% off!!
5	Love this place!! The staff is fun and friendly, the cooks are REALLY fast and I always leave full and happy :)
5	my favofite combination: spaghetti, vodka sauce, sirloin, mushrooms, & sun dried tomatoes.
2	ive been here a few times. every time ive tried something different and always seems to be a bit salty. the last time i was there, they seemed to have mistaken me ordering capers instead of basil and got home to a nasty surprise. and they put a tone of those nasty little things in my pasta and really ruined it for me.
3	Although this is not a place that I will go out of my way to come to, it is not bad. For those who love basic pasta and sauce, it is cheap at $7. To add protein will cost another $1.50. Don't go for the shrimp because there are only a few small ones throughout. Then additional ingredients will cost $0.50 each. If you enjoy a medley of vegetables then this will quickly add up. The portions are large and can easily feed two, but I feel like I could make it at home. The spicy tomato sauce had quite a bit of flavor and delivered on it's promise of a bite. Coming with friends and sitting outside on a nice night made for a great dinner. Even though I was not blown away by the food, the service was wonderful. The woman working at the register was approachable and struck up conversation with ease. The guy that runs the food was attentive and cleared our dishes promptly.
5	One of my favorites.  With 2 kids that have very different tastes, it's difficult to find a restaurant we can go to and everyone is happy.  Mac Shack is one that works.  Because we can all customize our meal, even the pickiest eater is happy.  I've never been disappointed with anything I've ordered and I've made some pretty strange combos!   My toughest decision each time I come is what to create to eat this time.
1	I want to give this place a higher rating but can't due to the customer service of their General Manager Robert Rust. I wanted to use the Yelp check-in special, as I am pulling it up on my phone I order my 2 main meals. Still trying to pull it up on my phone, Robert the GM just stands and stares at me. A pop up said yelp couldn't be loaded and to try again later. I handed my phone to him and asked if I can still get the drink even though yelp was down and couldn't check in. He said no, he needed to see that I checked in. Okay whatever, a drink costs 2 bucks. I will pay for the drink. Good customer service especially coming from a General Manager should of just honored it. My total was about 20 bucks, paid him the money, sat down and waited for my order. Both dishes came cold. I went back up to tell him and he asks for my receipt so he can give me my money back. I told him that he didn't give me a receipt. He says he can't give me my money back without one. Hello I was just up there 5 minutes ago why can't you give me my money back? He finally gives in and gives me 6 dollars back!!!!!!! 6 dollars???!!!!  I told him each one of my dishes were 7 dollars. He says yes, but I gave you a 20% discount for meatless Monday. Um ok that still doesn't equal 6 dollars. After I explain this to him he tells me "oh well you don't have your receipt to prove how much you paid for anything."What a joke. How is this guy a General Manager???  I was so mad I left without getting my money back. I will not be back here until he is gone. If you do go, check out his name badge. His name is written out with a sharpie marker and General Manager is spelled wrong. LOL glad to see how important he is.
5	Wish I lived closer to mac shack, but its probably better that I don't. I was in the area so met a friend for lunch. It was a busy Friday but the line moved quickly and the smell was incredible. My friend described it pretty accurately as a pasta version of chipotle - just meaning that its quick, reasonable and customizable. I decided on a special made up of mac and cheese made w Gouda, big pieces of bacon, a touch of tangy bbq sauce and I added chicken. I was a little hesitant about the bbq sauce but it was just like a bbq chicken pizza but in pasta form! Can't go wrong with that. It was a huge portion for about $10 and they have a lot of great options to customize your pasta. Its not really a full service restaurant - you take a number and they bring your food when it's ready. Because of that, I was surprised that they had very good service. The manager (who was also the one who took my order) walked around making sure everyone was happy with their food. He brought me a to go box, cleared our dishes promptly. Mac shack was a winning combo of good food, low prices and unexpectedly great customer service.
5	As far a fast casual dining goes I Love this place.  I find myself ordering signature dishes togo despite the fact that I have a pantry filled with dried pasta.  I also bring my two year old twins here often as it is kid friendly and the children's pasta in broth is magical to them.  It also helps that they offer cupcakery cupcakes.  If you live in Las Vegas this is a must try spot!
3	It's an interesting concept. Pastas with your choice of toppings. And for the less creative or lazy soul, they've concocted some creations for you. The prices are not too steep....$8-$10 should get you a large portion with decent mix-ins and they give you a 20% discount for Meatless Mondays. Quite progressive for Las Vegas if I should say so. There is also "Baby Bowls" catered towards children but really, there's more than enough pasta in one for a full-grown human. The pasta dishes I've had really haven't blown me away. I can make better pasta at home. With fresher ingredients. BUT....sometimes out of sheer lethargy and a massive carb craving, Mac Shack will do the trick. If I didn't work close to this restaurant I probably wouldn't bother with it. Summary: Palatable pastas, not-so-fresh ingredients, bordering on stinginess on quantities of toppings and decent service.It's doable but do I really want to "settle" so often?
5	This place is excellent! Exactly what I was looking for and awesome customer service!!!
5	One Word: Yummmmmmmmmmmmmm!  On my way right now :-)
5	I'm from So. Cal and my daughter and her husband suggested we go to Mac Shack. Absolutely delicious pasta with friendly, great service. Wish we had a Mac Shack at home.
3	Love the MacShack. The have wheat and gluten free pasta as well. Yum yum yum
5	Absolutely love this place!!!
5	baked rigatoni was amazing! I was craving cheesecake's factory four cheese pasta, and I was able to have baked rigatoni, which is delicious :) boyfriend created his own pasta and the vodka sauce was superb, especially with mushrooms and olives. on the day we went there were families, strollers, a real family oriented place. I like how you can see the chef cook, nothing to hide! I would love to come back, I love the power of customizing!
2	Am I missing something here?? Some pretty positive reviews for this place but it's average at best. For a place that specializes in pasta, you'd expect that to be top notch. I gave it a try since I pass by it everyday. Got an order of the red rigatoni and a baked ziti. The pasta for both dishes were overcooked and the sauce was nothing special. The baked ziti had globs of ricotta so if you weren't careful you'd get a mouthful of it. I seriously can get better sauce from a jar. I know a lot of folks have commented on the picking your ingredients part. Well that's available elsewhere too. It's called grocery shopping people. You could make better stuff at home.  If my kitchen burned down and I really wanted some pasta maybe I would stop by just because it's close to my house. Even then I would still prefer Buca di Beppo or even Olive Garden.
2	The food is ok and it feels more like cafeteria food.  To make it worst the food did not go well with my stomach, at all!!
5	I love this place! The new shrimp scampi dish is AMAZING! Every time I go i want to try new things but I usually end up getting my favorite. I also recently found out that if you go on Monday's that they give you 20% off if you order something that doesn't have meat for their (Meat Free Monday Special)! I Love that, you gotta try this place if you haven't already gone
5	Bottle Service and Shrimp Scampi are my two favorites lately.I try a new dish every couple times I eat here and the food is ALWAYS amazing and I ALWAYS leave stuffed!! You can create your own combination of all your favorite ingredients, trust me they have them ALL. But the dishes on their menu are WAY better than anything "I've" ever put together. So I've made my way through about three fourths of their dishes even with the new ones they've added and I've been pleased EVERY time.
3	So I tried this place with my friend because we both live near by and it was a convenient meeting place.    Had the BBQ mac and cheese, and it was fine, but nothing special.  The portion was large, so I felt like I got my money's worth, but honestly, for mac n' cheese, I was expecting a bit more flavor.  The only flavorful thing on in my mac was the bacon, even the cheddar flavor was surprisingly weak.  I'm hoping that the next time I go and try a different Mac it'll be a bit cheesier.  Service was very good and the food came out quickly which was a plus though.
2	So brought two small children here and they really liked it so a plus (but the kids portion's are freaking huge!!! I thought America was trying to win the obesity epidemic). I expected a waitress type deal. To me it was very hectic trying to stand in line looking at a vast menu with little to no picture's people waiting in line behind you)!!! I ordered my own creation and it was very good (love anything with capers and bacon) hubby got the Philly cheese steak mac and well it was bland and far from tasting like the amazing Philly sandwich. But I do have to say it was very clean and the staff was very nice. Other then that I think this was just another notch in the food belt.
5	Mac Shack  you are greatAlways my hangover cureAnd gluten-free? Yes!That was my fantastic haiku.  Thank you, thank you, I'll be here all night.  Don't forget to tip your server.  Okay now seriously.  Mac Shack is amazing.  I love that you can pretty much come up with your own concoctions.  I also love that they offer gluten-free pasta (as mentioned earlier).  One favorite is the cheddar mac with tomato and bacon.  Comfort food to the max.   Oh, and their vodka sauce is one of the best I've ever had!
2	Food was OK.. Not worth what I paid at all.. The chicken tasted weird and ended up not eating it... Mushroom and olives were fresh and very yummy... Bread was blah The cashier did not give me my change or a receipt
4	I go here for lunch at least once a week, then have the leftovers the next day, making it worth the extra cost. Good pasta with lots of options for sauces and toppings, from the truly decadent mac and cheeses to a light olive oil and garlic topping.One thing I really appreciate is that they have no fewer than three unsweetened iced tea flavors. Nice!
5	By far the best 'fast food' ever! Loveeee the cheddar mac... Real comfort food.
5	I wasn't really sure what to think when my bff Justin suggested we hit the Mac Shack after work. I made my way up to Durango and Warm Springs and sat in the parking lot waiting for him . Once he got there we both walked inside and I began to peruse the menu... Way to many choices for me ! lol I couldn't decide , did I want baked rigatoni? or the pepper jack mac and cheese? and then ... Shrimp Scampi linguine won out. Justin got the baked rigatoni.We headed to the soft drink machine and I was totally excited that they had the super crushed ice. My favorite!Our meal came and I took a bite of the baked rigatoni .. Oh my gosh ... SO  good. Meat Sauce- Ricotta cheese ... mozzarella .. umm YUM!I have to say that I was totally happy with my decision. The shrimp scampi linguine , was delicious it wasn't over-sauced and the noodles were the perfect texture.I confess ... I ate it ALL I didn't even leave ONE bite. and did I share even one bite with justin.. yeah .. NO i didn't.We have decided to make a standing Tuesday dinner date :) I say that works just fine for me!
5	Love this place! I crave bottle service, mmmmmm. Great service, wonderful food and free tootsie pop on you way out, love it!
4	felt like i was going to a pasta bar at a buffet. there are so many options as you can create your own combination or choose one of their pre-made options. feeling uber hungry, order the pepperjack mac and cheese, adding mushrooms and chicken and a side salad. If you check into yelp, you get a free drink and 2 garlic bread with it. The pasta came in a huuuge bowl so it definitely is shareable. for those light eaters, highly recommend a baby mac instead which comes in a smaller size. tried the baked rigatoni and that was good as well as the sauce wasn't too heavy as the ricotta cheese was just scooped int he middle for you to add versus having it all mixed together. great place to go for pasta variety but def not a diet friendly place
3	The food is a bit expensive for strip mall pasta food, but it is restaurant quality food cooked with a wide variety of ingredients that you get to select yourself! The portions provided from this restaurant are good enough for a meal. And I have to say, no matter what odd combinations I found myself coming up with on my visits to this place, they would find a good way of cooking it up and making it taste great!Additionally for those who have Caeliac disease they provide gluten-free pasta as well for not additional charge, and my friend said their glutenless pasta was great.Overall, it's an interesting concept, but not one I could find myself driving out of the way for often. But if you're in the neighborhood and in the mood for pasta, it is a great treat.
5	Oh how I love Mac Shack, let me count the ways.  Clean restaurant, friendly staff, and wonderfully yummy pasta dishes.Last week I wasn't feeling well, and needed some delicious, comforting food in my belly.  Of course, Mac Shack popped in my head.  It's somewhat-on-the-way-home from work, so I decided to do takeout for the first time.  Still just as scrumptious as if they had plated it in the restaurant.  And quick, too!  The only reason I don't eat here more often is the price.  I always order a special menu item (Smokehouse BBQ mac, mmmmm), but still: 13 dollars for mac and cheese?  Using Groupon or the Yelp discount helps me feel like I got a better value, though. I also love that Mac Shack sells alcohol, and has recently added specialty cupcakes to their menu (from a 3rd party bakery).  Plus, I always choose from the Tootsie Pop wall on my way out the door.  Thank you!
4	Mac Shack is a great place to eat.  Basically it's create-a-pasta-dish, or choose one of their selections.The portion size you get is good.  A bowl of pasta, and a breadstick was enough for me to have a little left over for the next day.  The variety of options you get for your pasta, sauce, and toppings are great.  In addition to all of that, are a few salads, some breadsticks, and they have wine as well.If I had a complaint, it would be that it seems a tad bit overpriced, but only a little... not enough that I wouldn't go back.
4	Man I make good Pasta!!!!
5	had lunch hear and it was great and they were real nice too me .
4	Mac Shack... Fo Sho.... Please believe me.
4	The food is amazing! You can basically create your own dish. You pick a basic pasta and you can add any extra garnishes and side dishes that your heart desires.  The prices aren't too steep so you don't have to worry about breaking the bank. They've also recently added cupcakes from the Cupcakery to their menu.  It's a great addition to an already outstanding repertoire.
4	This is my favorite spot!! Of all time! Although there is only ONE Mac shack all over las vegas, I'm glad that if is located near me. I came in with the family ad everything was perfect. Timmy the server was very helpful and patient with our indecisiveness and he helped us find a choice. He was also very funny and helped my mom come up with a choice (in the end she went with the kids meal which was the mac and meatball even though she cooked us spaghetti the night before) I would suggest the shrimp scampi which is my favorite! Enough shrimp and just right scamp in scampi! If you love cheese try the asiago blue Mac. It's loaded with cheese! It has asiago blue cheese, Romano, and blue cheese crumbles on top. I had it with chicken which Balances the meal with the cheeses. It's not too tangy or thick in texture to make you feel easily filled. I had that smokehouse BBQ one also and the pesto one. Those are just as good too! Definitely have to try the BBQ at least once. It's life changing.The decor is fabulous and especially since they feature Peter lik artwork! So the artwork changes it's time of day depending on the lighting!!! Free wifi and a wide wide wide selection in soda and tea! Score! I love soda selections! It's the best thing to have choices so you can experiment with combinations!!!! Then then then! To top it all off...you leave and see this beautiful wooden box filled with flavorful tootsie pops to go! (that you angels from above!!!!) best meal of my life and left me feeling good about my meal. Life changing I tell you.Do check in to get the garlic bread and drink. It's worth it!!!!
4	Love this made to order comfort food restaurant. Order at the counter with quick, freshly prepared food served nice and hot. Will be back. When are you coming o Denver?
4	I like the concept of make your own pasta dish from fresh, organic and healthy products but man can the price add up if you decide to make your own or add extra ingredients. Personally I enjoy the pepper jack mac with chicken. The flavor of pepper jack just explodes in your mouth and adds a nice little zing to every bite. The good thing is that portion size makes up for the price you pay so as the saying goes, you get what you pay for. Word of advice - use the Yelp check-in and you receive a regular drink and free garlic bread sticks, totally worth it or else you're paying $13-$15 for a bowl of mac & cheese.I've come into Mac Shack at different times and one of the negative things is that the quality of the food is never consistent. My last trip here was fantastic which was during the day! The pasta actually had sauce on it where my previous visit (at night) my poor noodles were dry. It would be great if there was a little more cooking consistency. I gave them an extra star from last experience since the food tasted better than previous. As long as I can use the check-in, I'll be back.
3	This place is right down the street from our house so it's very convenient.  The pasta dishes are pretty good and the place is nice and clean inside.  I gave them 3 stars instead of 4 because they've messed up our order a few times and being a create-your-own-pasta-dish kinda place, you'd think they'd be able to handle making custom varieties.
5	!!! I LOVE MAC SHACK! They definitely are not kidding when they post that "People on Yelp love us" sticker on their door.  I probably come as often as I can. Carbs are my game and Pasta is my name! I do enjoy all the organic and healthy choices they have on the menu and how they have a make your own pasta. I'm already drooling..Not even going to get started about how addicted I am. I love the little coupons they have and punch cards along with Check-In offer via Yelp, of course. Here's the real after burner. Save your receipt form Mac Shack and bring it next door for a 20% discount from Golden Spoon Frozen Yogurt. And the best part is that the offer works both ways/vice-versa, if you're a desserts before dinner kind of person.  The pricing may seem a little bit high, but you do get what you paid for in noodles. oodles and oodles of it. Haaah, I can barely finish my bowl and I eat like a maniac. But overall, Mac Shack was a incredible experience for me. The friendly staff to the great food. Awesome.If you're undecided on what to get. Make your own and go crazyyy! My personal fav'is the fettuccine noodles with vodka sauce and a little bacon goes a long way, plus some healthy choices like spinach and mushrooms. Delish and Yummy!
5	Absolutely love Mac Shack! Strongly recommend their crazy Alfredo..... Delicious!
5	Oh! Oh! Mac Shack is Awesome!i went here last night great meal great service! The food is fresh and light and you can never go wrong with any combination.  Most importantly the staff couldn't be more courteous and friendly and generally all-around cool.  Not super expensive and the food is worth every penny. Huge fan of the Rigatoni D!
5	WOW! what a great suprise. I had heard great things about Mac Shack so I decided to take the kids out to lucnh. Great menu and very child friendly. I highly recommend the baked rigatoni. I will be back on a weekly basis.
3	A-OK. Nothing special. I felt like eating Mac and Cheese, and a co-worker told me there's this place nearby. I went there, ordered the shrimp mac and cheese. It was good, again nothing special. If you feel like not making krafts mac and cheese @ home and just want someone else to make it for you, then come here
5	Gourmet meal at fast food price & service! If you are in the mood for pasta, you have come to the right place, no need to think twice, don't worry this is nothing like fazoli's! Trust me I KnOw! Your options are endless here! IT's a create ur own pasta dish place, they also have pre set entrees if you like. the price is reasonable and they are always having some kind of special. The place is nice & clean. A great place to eat wid ur kids as well. I had their lunch special on a Saturday mind you, $6.99 for a small pasta with your choice of soup or salad & a drink. I had elbow mac with meat sauce mixed with alfredo, added bacon & mushrooms....DELISH! The garlic bread was heaven and the tomato basil soup was superb (it was made from fresh tomatoes...shhhh) better than a meal at one of those fancy schmancy italian restaurants that charge an arm & a leg! Am so glad I came back!
5	I LOVE this place! The menu is very cool! You can pick from their specialty pasta dishes or create your own! I got Asiago Blue Mac which was a big bowl of asiago, pecorino, and blue cheeses with elbow macaroni. It was perfectly cooked and well balanced blend of cheese! I love how casual and easy the place is with great service as well. This is a great place for lunch, dinner, snack and families!
5	The lunch spots in the Southwest keep getting better! We just had Mac Shack delivered to our office. First, the fact that they deliver is a plus. Second, their pastas are delicious. I like the fact that you can choose gluten free noodles or whole wheat. Definitely coming back here for more.Thanks Mac Shack!!!
4	Have I had better pasta? Yes. Did I need to pay a pretty penny? Yes. With that being said Mac shack offers very good pasta and sauce variety for the price. The service was quick,  with a smile, just like how I like it. will return when I need a quick pasta fix.
3	Visited the Mac Shack recently with a friend for lunch.  Service was friendly and I was glad they had a whole wheat pasta option.  Large portion but it wasn't spectacular.   Not bad, but not someplace I'll go out of my way to visit again
3	Tried this for the first time on Friday.  Got pasta to go.  I had penne pasta with sausage, mushrooms, broccoli and pesto.  It was good, definitely needed seasoning and it would have been nice if they offered some parm packages to go since they do have it on the tables in the restaurant.  The pesto was a little oily for my taste, I know they break when you heat it up but it was like a soup of oil on the bottom.  It was good, I'd try it again, but maybe not the pesto.Also the pasta was penne but there were random pieces of other pasta in my dish.
4	I have always said that if I could only eat one thing for the rest of my life, it would be pasta. I love pasta so much, and this spot totally caters to all my pasta needs. There are a few options on what to order here. You can choose a dish that is already put together from the menu, pasta-less items, or you can make your own pasta! I decided to go with the make your own pasta option because I felt like having some fun that day.I decided to order the wagon wheel pasta with a spicy red sauce topped with olives, onions, and basil. All together my order remained under $10, and I received a free breadstick and drink just for checking in on yelp for my very first time! I shared the pasta with my boyfriend, and we were still pretty full! The spicy red sauce wasn't as spicy as I thought it would be, but it still had a little kick. The basil was chopped into small pieces and complemented the sauce nicely. Overall, I would have to say the pasta here is pretty good, but it isn't the most amazing pasta I have had in my life (sadly I'm still searching for that..). Would I come here again? Yeah probably. It's cheap and filling, and most of the time that's what I search for when wanting a quick meal.
4	Wow. This place is very good for a chain restaurant. I had their soup and macaroni and cheese, along with one of the most frequently ordered pastas (I don't recall the name but it has tomatoes, potatoes, and what looks like chicken). All I can say is, YUM. The pastas were cooked perfectly. Portions are huge, too. The store is very bright and clean.The only problem is that it's pretty steep financially for a place like this. I've grown accustomed to paying for $18 pasta dishes at TCF or other gourmet places, but in a Chipotle-style environment? Plus, the furniture is pretty cheap.Anyway, it was still pretty good.
4	Comfort food at its finest! If you're looking to get real full for real cheap, this is your spot. At first I wasn't in a big rush to try out the Mac Shack simply because I'm not really a mac and cheese hound. Then I realized they make an assortment of pastas with almost any kind of sauce you can think of. Then it was on. I love pasta and who always has time to wait for that damn water to boil??! From basic red sauce to vodka sauce to alfredo, they do great specialty bowls as well as make your own combination.. They also serve side salads, breadsticks...the usual pasta accompaniments. Mmm the breadsticks. Check in on Yelp when you get there and you get those bad boys for free! Service is always great, the people are very friendly and patient with people like me who stare at the board for 20 mins. Grab a tootsie roll pop on your way out for free dessert!
3	the chicken noodle soup was delicious, it had noodles, veggies, chicken, and not overly salty.the baked rigatoni took longer than expected to get. If it was just a tad cheaper It would have gotten 4 stars.
4	I've been back since writing this review and while I didn't get the pesto this time, it was overall a better experience.  The boy got one of their suggested pasta mixtures with a cream sauce and he enjoyed it alot.  I think I had a penne with their red pepper sauce, spinach and sausage.  The ingredients are always fresh and service is quick.  We came when they were about to shut down and made us feel welcome to get a to go order.  The one criticism I had about flavors was my red pepper sauce was really a cream sauce with a light red pepper flavor.  I definitely wish it had been a little heavier on the red pepper.  I will say that after my last review I received a long letter from the owner saying he had tried the pasta I had and realized I was right and fixed the problem with the pesto.  I have extreme respect for owners who care so much about their business that they are willing to actually listen to reviews.  You would be amazed how rare this is.  So I would like to thank him and say I will continue to go to Mac Shack and I hope you will too.
3	On my last visit I was somewhat disappointed - the flavor was lacking... The Mac N Cheese was still cheesy good but the Angel Hair pasta with veggies and pesto sauce was lacking flavor alot- I mean like no flavor at all..When I told the waitress she just suggested that I add salt- Ugh, I don't pay at a restrauant to flavor my food- The waitress then asked me to get up and talk to the chef - so even though I thought the Chef should come to me - I went to him and he was willing to add some cream and salt - After the fact my pasta was still OK - I just remember really liking it before on a previous visit....The BF's Spicy Red Sauce with Penne Pasta was OK once we got an extra side of sauce cause initially the pasta was pretty dry.The salad and the garlic bread were pretty standard - nothing special.I still like the inside of this place- always clean and the free tootsie roll lollipops are cute. The wall decor is enjoyable to look at and the Mac Shack sign on  the wall is Very Veags.... Funny thing about the free tootsie roll lollipops - I suggested to my daughter to take a picture of the tootsie rolls to post on her instagram cause it was cute and colorful. Well, as we were taking the picture the guy behind the counter yelled " Don't steal my idea"  WTF was that about??? Would I come back?? Hmm... The jury's out on that one-
4	I have been to Mac shack a few times. Each time I have enjoyed my dish.Last time I got the wheat pasta with Alfredo sauce, mushrooms and shrimp. It was sooo good. To top it off I had the Groupon deal $3 for $5 worth of stuff. Not too badThe reason why only 4 stars is despite the yummy food, the menu is a little pricey. I expected things to be a little cheaper. However, I would go back again.
5	Love love love the MAC Shack. The customer service is the best!!!
2	I ordered this for dinner. The larder was getting bare and I have no transportation. My roomie was craving mac & cheese and we stumbled across the Mac Shack. She ordered the Philly mac & cheese. It definitely smelled like a Philly steak. She liked it but said she would have made it better herself. That's how I felt about my mac and cheddar cheese. It wasn't terrible, but my mom's mac and cheese would bury this one. This struck me as cooked pasta with grated cheddar, placed in an oven and lightly seasoned (if at all). I prefer more of a cheese sauce that coats all of the pasta rather than grated pieces that clump together.I tried the meatballs (shame on me!). You get two medium-large meatballs with sauce. I really liked the tomato sauce! It tasted as if it had been cooked down over time, which allowed for a more intense flavor. The garlic bread sticks were nothing special. Would I order from them again? Yes- but not for the mac and cheese!
5	This was the best macaroni and cheese I ever had. I don't see how it could so delicious but it does! I also love that you can create your own dish and try something new every time you order.
2	I'm torn about this place.  Its close for lunch and its nice to have as an option other than the typical choices.  The food is decent, but not great.  The employees are well trained and seem to have had "If you can lean, you can clean" ingrained into them.The one thing I definately don't like:  this is not BK ... and you can't have it your way.  The lunch special is a pretty good deal but when I specifically said I didn't want soup or salad I was told I HAD to take it.  What kind of restaurant forces you to take something you don't want?  I suggested another breadstick instead and was told no.   I guess they wanted to see a full bowl of soup (its 105* out .. I don't want soup) get thrown in the garbage instead.I was told this is Franks rule.  I think that was the owners name ... The bottom line is that I don't need Mac Shacks food, but I imagine Mac Shack needs my business ...
5	We have been to the Mac Shack a couple of times now and really enjoy the restaurant.  The pasta dishes that we have ordered have been wonderful and fresh.  Now you can choose sizes either the normal or big size.  The bigger size is $3 more but it makes my husband happy since he has a big appetite. The employees are very pleasant, helpful and knowledgeable.  They greet you as soon as you walk in the door with a smile.
4	My wife and I take our children here at least once a month. The pasta is always good and the best thing is that kids eat free on Sunday's. The staff is always nice and the place is clean. Good food, clean place and friendly staff.
2	4th time in a row that they screwed up the order. Waited 20 min for them to figure it out and get our food!
4	***Make your own**** It's so good!!!  If you check in on Yelp there's a coupon. On Monday's if you order a meal without meat it's 20% off. I always get a side salad to start [just $2.00] eat half my pasta and take the other half home. My friend loves the blue cheese mac n cheese.  Everyone is very friendly and the place is extremely clean.  See my pix of the food.
1	All I can say is their food is just MeH.. I had bowtie pasta with pesto and garlic. 1 star because I like pesto. Other than that, nothing too special.
4	Nice clean restaurant and really really fresh food.  everything is made to order from when you order, and brought out to your table.  there is no waiter service, it's walk up, order and delivery to the table.I'll go back.
4	I went with my roommate right before they closed, but they were kind enough to get us whatever we wanted. I got fettuccine alfredo with meatballs and bread sticks. The food was actually really good. They had a crazy list of pastas, sauces, vegetables, and meat items you could add, so I'll definitely be sure to go back and try some other things they have to offer. I think the concept of build your own pasta is pretty freaking sweet and it's the only one of it's kind around. Give it a try.For those confused on the concept, it's similar to Subway or Chipotle, but with pasta. Also a bit above fast food as far as status.
3	This is the 3rd time that I have been to this place for take out over the years.  I came here because I had a 2 for 1 coupon which was about to expire.  For a Saturday night, the business was quite slow.  I didn't have to wait to order and the food was made fresh within 5-10 mins. This time I think the portion size was very generous.  We got the normal sized pasta, but for $3 more you get the larger size with quite a bit more pasta and sauce.  I really like the concept of pick your pasta and sauce and picking what other toppings to mixed with pasta.  We ordered the linguini meat sauce with zucchini and mushrooms and also the broccoli pesto penne with chicken.  Both dishes didn't have enough sauce, so the pasta was on the dry side.  There was however plenty of meat in the meat sauce.  The flavour of both dishes also needs some improvement.  This place is okay, for a quick pasta fix when you don't feel like cooking.  I wouldn't go out of my way to come here, but because it's close to home, it's okay.
4	Do i love this place! Such a great concept. a quick order restaurant with everything pasta has to offer. I always get the build your own with angel hair, vodka sauce, spinach, basil, sun dried tomatoes, shrimp/or chicken. It is absolutely delish! My brother got the Mac & Cheese with cut up hot dogs and ruffles potato chips in it. Sounds odd but its surprisingly amazing. They have an awesome selection of different pastas such as bow tie, rigatoni, and fettuccine. Also an array of toppings. Oh yea and you cant forget their side salad, it has a great house dressing.Mac Shack also has the cutest decor and an amazing staff. Very friendly. Only bad experience Ive ever had is with a heavy accented manager. He was very rude and unaccommodating when the wrong order showed up via delivery. And if you decide to pop  in they have a row of Tootsie pops as you leave. very nice touch!
4	The food here is great and they have a great lunch special. I definitely recommend eating here! Its a great lunch spot!
4	They have totally corrected the problem with the orders not coming out right!  They are getting it right and we love coming here.  It's quick, tasty, and kids eat free on Sunday :)
1	I ordered this from road runner food delivery service and did not eat at the restaurant and I'm wondering if they stopped somewhere else besides the Mac  Shack!  This was the first time trying it and I will never go again.  I'm wondering how people could eat this food.  I have been sick, so I was looking for a nice chicken noodle soup - but delivered because I'm sick.  I wouldn't even call this soup.  It was a mixture of half cooked carrots, celery, and peas along with hard stringy dry chicken pieces.  There was about a tablespoon of broth that had the flavor of water.  No salt, no pepper, no flavor at all.  My son who was not sick, agreed.  I figured macaroni and cheese would be the best ever since it is what they say they do.  Nope.  Flavorless and no seasoning.  How do they actually serve this crap and call it Mac and cheese?  Also ordered baked rigatoni - had some flavor, but mushy and below average for sure.  Do yourself a favor and stop anywhere besides this place. Anywhere. Campbell's canned soup is better than theirs as is Kraft macaroni and cheese.  Unbelievable that anyone goes here.
3	Cool concept I agree with a lot of the people that were complaining about the lack of flavor.
5	I travel a quite a bit for work and this is one of the places that lets me know I'm home.  I ordered using the website tonight, there was a glitch in the matrix and my Crazy Alfredo was not ready on arrival.  The staff was extremely accommodating with multiple staff members apologizing for the mistake.  I was offered a fountain soda to ease the pain and a noticeably quick meal.  Love the service, love the food, fresh ingredients, elegantly executed concept.
3	Mac Shack is a solid place to get a quick pasta meal in, but definitely not comparable to a full flavored restaurant. Most of the items on the menu are well made. The cheddar mac and cheese is pretty decent, you just need to season it yourself. The shrimp scampi was delicious, however do not expect medium or large shrimp, you'll get very small pieces. The pesto sauce is severely lacking flavor, and is the most watery pesto I've ever had. Soup and salad is average, but the tomato soup is a bit oily. The customer service is great. The staff is very friendly and accommodating. The inside is very clean and nicely set up. You can watch the pasta cook prepare your food, and the other employees preparing your salad. What really strikes me as amazing is the blackberry green tea and the lemon water the serve, delicious. Build your own pasta is the best way to go, and the lunch special with a soup/salad and breadstick isn't bad at all! All in all, solid food, decent flavor, good value for what you pay for.
4	It's has been awhile since I've found a place where I can let my inner carb monster out to truly grub away without guilt. I normally abscond from heavy carb loading if I'm not competing in a tennis tournament, but, I have to say that I have the biggest weakness for Mac and cheese! Needless to say, I was excited to give this place a shot. With this said it was very difficult for me to keep my hunger pangs at bay, as soon as I entered the establishment! I'm met with the aroma of what I can only call...HEAVENLY...Based on my pleasant experience with the dashing and unusually handsome staff, this place served it up and boy do they know how to do it with quantity in those well proportioned bowls! (^_^) Portions placed on the side however, Mac Shack's  scrumptious menu selection offerings does fall a little more on the bland side. Maybe making their sauces cheesier or flavorful might help because based on what I had, the Philly mac and cheese, I often found myself wishing that I had stowed away some cheese slices from home before walking into mac shack and adding it inconspicuously to my bowl for more cheesy goodness. No one plans for these things and I could've easily asked for more sauce but I had an epiphany. AHA!!! I don't know if it's for health reasons, but perhaps adding less sauce gives you that option of "having your cake and eating it too". Overall, the Mac Shack manages to fulfill pasta cravings and then some. If you can look past the bland tastes and less cheesier iterations of your comfort food, you will certainly keep coming back for more of this guilty pleasure. But then again keep in mind that maybe they skimp out on over cheesing so as to offer comfort food in a way that doesn't make you the legendary lake mead beached walrus!
4	Really loved the build your own option.  G.reat casual place.  Oh, and the best part - you can take a Tootsie Pop with you when you leave.
3	Have been eating at Mac Shack since it opened. I think the food was slightly better in the beginning, but for the price it's a good quick pasta option. Their pastas are all pretty good, but they have a tendency to forget special requests or make mistakes. I think the meat (chicken/steak) tends to be dry and overcooked. Their salads and garlic rolls leave a bit to be desired. I have one major gripe that has made me almost completely stop eating here. They used to deliver to Mountain's Edge and I guess recently made the decision to stop delivering there. I called one evening to place an order and the person who took my order, was asking for my address and my cross streets - then said kind of rudely they don't deliver there. I asked, really they always have, since when? She said, they just decided they're not going to deliver there because it's too far. I was pretty floored. It's really frustrating when you have your heart set on something, you have a small child and you're tired with no plans to go anywhere to find out you either have to pick something else or drive to get your food. I also felt like she wasn't the least bit apologetic or accommodating in any way. All in all, it's a decent place. Check your order before you leave and you should be fine.
5	One of my favorite places in town!! Make sure you customize your order because that's what makes their food so great!
4	I learned that a bowl of warm and gooey mac and cheese is just as satisfying as a bowl of chicken noodle soup on a cold day.  After playing in the snow on Mount Charleston, had the mac and cheese with hot dogs and potato chips crumbled on top.  Kids had regular mac and cheese.  It was a fine meal indeed.  Lots of other choices for a pasta-based meal so don't be tricked by the name of the place.  Will definitely return and try the other versions of mac and cheese...but only when it's cold.  I know, silly, but that's me.
4	This was my first time at Mac Shack and I will be back! Quick, delicious food at great prices.  Plus the staff was very friendly.
4	I was really missing Noodle and Co. from back in the midwest when I found Mac Shack - a perfect replacement! Any kind of pasta you can think of and create is perfect for this carb lover! My imagaination has not let me down and I've enjoyed all the pasta dishes I "created." The only drawback is that you cannot substitute any of the items from the house specialties (ie. regular tomatoes instead of sun - dried tomatoes) and have to pay extra. It can get pricey if you like a lot of ingredients. Check in and get a free breadstick and drink.
5	This the kind of restaurant where you get a craving for it and you go so that your craving is settled, but you probably won't be going back until you get another craving.Now with that said, I love this place!  It's a great concept...crave pasta, get some pasta.  They pretty much make any variety you can imagine with the ingredients they have available.  I love the "Pepperjack Mac."  Wow!  They also make a specific pasta with angelhair that's lightly sauced with sun dried tomatoes.  So good!  Also, I recommend their caesar salad, it's tossed perfectly with just enough dressing, cheese and croutons.I can't say enough good things about the staff at this restaurant.  I've been here several different times and been helped by different people each time.  They're all so nice and happy.  They are more than willing to change an order, even if it's already been made.  The customer service at this place is amazing and the manager should be very proud of the people they have operating this establishment.I completely and totally recommend this place...you won't be disappointed by the service or product!
1	I had a craving for pasta one night and thought it was a brilliant idea take a trip down the road from my house to Mac Shack. I was wrong. This place is seriously overpriced. I paid about $30 including tip for my boyfriend and myself for watery pasta covered in bleh (flavorless) sauce with skimpy portions of toppings. We ordered the alfredo and the rigatoni with some toppings. Certainly not impressed. The portions were not that impressive either. For the same price, I'd rather go to Olive Garden and have something tastier. Perhaps I didn't do a good job of building my own pasta there. But I swear I am - I can build a mean tasting pasta at home with some Ragu and store bought pasta with toppings lying around the house for half the price.
3	I like this restaurant so much I drive 30 + minutes. It is good, huge portions, clean & friendly. I was very disappointed today. I ordered chicken. I paid then sat down. then they inform me that they do not have anymore chicken available. This is @ 3 pm on Saturday
3	Mac Shack is quick and delish - however, it is a little pricey for what you get. I recently had the farro with pesto and mozzarella, which was very satisfying. I would probably eat there more often if there were better deals or prices.
5	The first time I came i didn't LOVE this place.  However, it's close to my house and so we returned a few times....Then I guess I just started to order the right stuff and now I can't get enough of it!  The lunch special is such a great deal.  But if you are not getting the lunch special, you must try the smokehouse mac and cheese.  It's AMAZING!!
4	Had the smokehouse Mac and cheese. Omg... bacon... omg... bacon!! Garlic bread was meh. But omg bacon!!! YUMMY!!
4	Love the smokehouse mac! Bacon, incredible cheese, and some tasty sauce. Go nuts!
3	Felt like it was only right to submit an update since apparently delivery has resumed to my neighborhood in Mountains Edge (or maybe it was never canceled and previous cashier was misinformed.) Food still the same and really wish they would stop overcooking their chicken and steak, hopefully they read this review and make some changes.
3	I've been here a few time since they've opened (we attended one of their tasting events or some sort of fundraiser?) and have enjoyed it. What really stands out to me are the number of choices and the vast combination possibilities. That's fantastic. Also, you get fresh pasta dishes and quickly. I LOVE that they offer Farro and Wheat pastas! I've had the Farro in one of their "Favorties" called THE VEGGIE and it was delicious. Simple, garlic-y, and the vegetables were fresh. I've had the CRAZY ALFREDO multiple times (usually with penne) and it's been delicious. The last time I visited though, the shrimp was not good and the sauce was just okay. Everything else that myself and my companions have tried has been tasty. I think the prices are decent for their portions, however, they may have changed that since the beginning. Next time, I'm definitely creating my own with some basil, ricotta, garlic & oil sauce, and a bunch of vegetables. That sounds good right now, haha! Anyway, it's a great place when you want pasta quick and relatively fresh, especially if you just don't want to cook.
2	Cheddar mac. I agree with the other users. The store was very firstly, floors unclean... Tables dirty... 5 people working and they seemed to be more interested in something other than service customers. My food was over cooked. Service wasn't bad, but not great either. I won't be going back.
3	I like this place enough to return but I would't call it great, confusing menu layout and having to order at the counter with the stress of holding up everyone behind you makes dinning here a little stressful for the first timer.
1	well would give no stars if I could, I tried to order delivery at 627 pm I called in my order. I was told 15-20 min, well after and hour I called to see where my food was and the piss poor excuse of a manager told me he didnt know. I live less then five mins from this place and could have gone and got my food faster but I was sick and didnt feel like going out.  he told me that he called the driver and left a message.... amazing he could even get in touch with his own driver. I had enough I told the moron to cancle as I was not going to pay for cold food. I also told him they just lost a very good customer and he really didnt care.  they can go to hell i will take my business elsewhere. it is a shame the pasta was good but their crappy customer service is a big overshadow
3	Mac Shack is an interesting concept which happens to be close to my house in Mountains Edge.  Picking all sorts of Macaroni and sauce with neat add-ins.  This place isn't the cheapest, although I've used a coupon once or twice and the portions are decent.I'm still searching for that "perfect" combination that makes me really crave this place.  But it's always a top suggestion to my friends in the Durango/Warm Springs area.
4	This place has made me believe that I'm the new Top Chef.  The ability to make your own pasta is such a simple but amazing idea at the same time.  I havent tried any of their menu pasta items yet but being able to make your own pasta allows you to isolate the flavors of the different sauces and add-ins.  The staff is always exceptionally friendly and PATIENT...trying to make your own creation can take a second. The dining area is always clean even on their busiest days and I enjoy the ability of being able to watch them bring my creation to life.The only gripe I had was the bread. Which i can best describe as A failed attempt of copying Olive Garden.Other than that I've always had a phenomenal experience, even when taking my order to go.Oh and don't forget your lollipop on the way out.
5	so I know I already posted a bad review due to the customer service experience I had but I have now had a change of heart because of the owner Frank. When he saw my review he personal stepped up to make things right. and that is service. it is nice to see an owner care about his customers. he even came to my home to aplogize and gave me a gift card to come back and try them again and I sooo will. I love the food there and I now can say the service is way better too. thank you Frank. you won my business back!!
1	I was craving pasta and I wanted a quick fix, so I decided to come here. Biggest mistake ever. I ordered the Broccoli Pesto with angel hair pasta. Absolutely disgusting. It tasted like I was just taking bites out of raw garlic cloves. The garlic was so strong, it literally made my eyes water. The pasta was cooked fine and the chicken was okay, if only I was able to actually taste the broccoli pesto, and not just clumps of garlic.This hasn't been my first time here. I've order a few other times, and everything else that I've ordered in the past has always been bland, dry, and tasteless. After this experience, I probably will never go back...Unless my pasta craving is a do or die situation. I'll just have to learn how to be patient and cook my own pasta from now on.
3	Was very excited at first to try out a DIY Pasta restaurant, but there really isn't anything special to their pastas. Just so-so..Although their ingredients are quite fresh and choices are endless, you could make the same pasta with Ragu sauce at home for much less. Not too much worth the price unless you're really craving pasta you are in a rush.On the other hand, really quick service and clean and open dining area.
4	Good quick food! Always greeted when you walk in. Never ate in, but inside is very inviting. Guys in the back are visible while making your bowl. Nice selection even thought i always get the same thing.
3	I wasn't a huge fan at first. I guess I wasn't overwhelmed with the menu options. The first thing I ever got was some garlic pasta dish and it was alright, but when I decided to retry the place I made my own dish and started becoming a fan. It's quick easy and somewhat affordable.
5	I love that you can create your own pasta and mix up the sauces! Fresh pasta! Don't forget to check in & get a free drink & bread stick! (First time only)
2	Prior to tonight, I'd had several great experiences at Mac Shack.  Tonight ruined any chance of my return to the restaurant.  The young lady working the register told me that the owner will not allow any substitutions or changes in their "pre-packaged" pasta dishes.  When I asked why, as I'd had it done before without any argument from the staff, she walked away and got another young man to come over and tell me that the owner used to allow it, but now really doesn't like it and they can't do it.  When I told them that I'd just find somewhere else to eat (and I did), NEITHER of them made any effort to retain my business.  It's not like I was asking to add ingredients to a dish without being charged or cheat the system - I just don't like shrimp or jalapenos in my pasta, but LOVE the rest of the dish.  I didn't think it would be too difficult to accommodate a simple request like substituting one vegetable for another, but hey, what do I know!?  I wouldn't be shocked if other loyal, regular customers find elsewhere to dine as well.  Disappointing, really.
3	I have been coming to Mac shack since its opening.   It was one of my favorite places. Not sure if they changed management or ownership but the last few months it has really been disappointing. I was a huge fan of their vodka sauce. Well it does not taste the same. It appears they changed their product.  I also don't like how there portions are inconsistent. One day it's a lot of pasta and on other days its a small portion. I hope they change it back to the place I once loved.
4	Used to come here after a hard days work.  The name says it all, go with the classic mac and cheese, its well worth it.  They use quality cheese and have nice portions aswell.  Nice for take home too.  3.7 stars.
5	This place is really good. I'm not a big pasta person but this place allows you to create your own ( genius). Staff is friendly and the owner frank is always working and  greeting customers. It's quick, cheap and totally worth it.
3	My husband and I are new to the area and are busy trying local places.  We 1st visited The Mac Shack a few weeks ago and it was an amazing experience for us. I ordered the shrimp scampi which I felt was perfect.  The portion and flavors matched in every way.  I was told by the cashier that they delivered too, which was great for me since I am limited physically, and driving is difficult for me right now.  I was very disappointed when I called to order lunch one day and the woman on the phone was very "Matter of fact" when she said we will not deliver to you because you are 1 block over the 3 mile delivery area.  1 block??? My husband took me again a week ago and I ordered the same thing..The shrimp scampe.  This time there was less shrimp, it was way watered down and the lemon garlic flavor just wasnt there.  It may have been just a different cook??? I advised that anyone just over the 3 miles, offer to charge a delivery fee, like maybe two dollars for the extra block... I would pay it to get a meal.  The gentleman just said he would mention it to management. My husband and I will go there again, hoping the 3rd visit will be better for me than the last one. I already put a great review on their facebook page.
1	An Atkins Dieter's NightmareThe food is good. There's no doubt about that. However, I have two big, big problems that will keep me from ever returning. It's expensive if you don't get the lunch special.First, if you're waiting in line to order and get to the register AFTER the lunch special expires, well, they expect you to pay full price. That's a load of crap.Second, if a company sends out a text message discount with no expiration date, THEN THEY ARE LEGALLY BOUND TO HONOR IT, but not according to the pimple faced kid behind the counter who said "Oh, we don't do that one any more.""Well, we don't patronize your restaurant any longer."If you don't care about your customers, you deserve to go out of business. It's as simple as that.
2	I'm giving Mac Shack only two stars because in the last few months they have really gone downhill.  I live close enough to walk here but only go when I'm really, really tired and it's the last resort.  The people behind the counter taking your order either don't listen or don't care what you order because it typically comes out wrong.  The portions are not consistant.  sometimes your pasta bowl is full and sometimes its not.  The last time I had wheat pasta with chicken and zucchinni.  There were 4 pieces of zucchinni and 5 pieces of chicken, all very small.  The server who brought out our food was dressed like a pig and had several stitches in his forehead, NOT COVERED.  It was disgusting.  At least have the decency to cover that dirty crap up so the customers don't have to look at it!
1	Ordered pasta with white sauce. Sauce was mediocre and the pasta has already been forgotten or simply blocked out of memory like a traumatic experience. Two of the diners in our party became sick as a result of the red sauce they consumed with their meals. One diner actually vomited in the parking lot immediately after walking out and the other later on that day; both as a result of the red sauce most likely tainted by cross contamination or an expired batch.
4	When i worked down the street from here, this was lunch a few times a week. And when the lady wanted to eat here it was dinner. I love the ambience of the of the restaurant. Its very open and welcoming. The ability to make your own combinations of mac is awesome. Even the pre made concoctions are really good. If you are looking for good pasta on the quick and reasonably priced, try here you won't be disappointed.
3	I think the concept of the Mac Shack is rather cool. The place was clean and open. There was seating outside. I really loved the salad: Crunchy, green, and light on the dressing. Our sandwiches were eatable- the breadsticks-  not so much. I liked the open kitchen concept to see all the action. Prices seamed reasonable. Good ambiance music.
3	It's a safe solid place for pasta. It's a great value and the service is always great. I come here whenever I feel like changing things up for lunch.Protip: Get the kid's mac and meatball, it's practically the same size of an ordinary bowl and it's a few dollars cheaper. PLUS you get a soda and a fruit roll-up.Well, it says you get a fruit roll-up on the menu. But I have yet to receive one with my meal. I believe it's meant for children, but dammit it says it's included. I even had a server bring out the whole combo one day and she didn't hand me the fruit roll-up and I eyed it and she knew it, but refused to say anything. It was like she was waiting for me to make my move.I didn't say anything in an attempt to bluff her, she turned around and walked away with my fruit rollup. WHY!??!!  I've probably been screwed out of 12 fruit rollups. This injustice cannot be ignored, too many adults who don't like certain kind of cheeses get that damn fruit rollup. A man can dream
4	Ahhhh the Mac Shack, nothing but bad for ya goodness!! I have tried many of the specialty dishes here but the one I always go back to is the Crazy Alfredo. My second choice is always the Smokehouse. My wife and daughter love the one with the hot dogs mixed in, can't remember what its called because I won't eat it! haha Check this place out when you're in the mood for pasta fast.
5	One of our favorite quick eats. Especially for pasta! Everything is prepared fresh and made to order. Inspired by Nora's cuisine this place will not disappoint. They also have great lunch specials mon-fri 11am-3pm. Oh and be sure to grab a cupcake!
3	The food is really great. Having said that, it's overpriced and they nickel and dime you on everything. Plus the portion sizes are really not big enough.
2	I just had this for lunch and I wasn't too pleased. They forgot my order of breadsticks that came with my order and although the food had a great taste it was drenched in oil and now my tummy isn't too happy. I don't think I will be eating here again :/
3	I have never ordered anything but their lunch special which is a bowl of pasta with your choice of sauce (meat is add'l), soup or salad and a drink for $6.99. It's a pretty reasonable price compared to their regular menu, which I don't really care for. I find the regular menu to be too expensive. Mac Shack is convenient for me since it's right across from work. Besides that, I probably wouldn't visit. Just because pasta is something I can always whip up at home, but if I'm in a pasta kinda mood during my lunch break at work, I would head over here.I've done pretty much any combo you could imagine in their lunch special. My pasta has always been al-dente for the most part & I seriously have eaten here over 20+ times for the past few years I've worked at my workplace. I particularly like their meat sauce. Sometimes I add bacon or sausage for an add'l fee. Don't really care for their Tomato Soup but I do order it if I don't feel like eating a salad with my pasta. And about that salad, they're not consistent with it. Sometimes I'd get too much dressing or lack it. Too much croutons or I'd be lucky to have at least 4 in there.And the bread.. A year ago, I loved the garlic bread. Probably my favorite part of my meal. I'm not sure what they're doing now but they've changed it a couple times, perhaps experimenting which one would be the best type of bread. Honestly, if it ain't broke, don't fix it!All in all, I suggest coming here for lunch for their lunch special. Good price for a complete meal. But if you can just cook your own pasta at home, I suggest just doing that.
3	The pasta was still good but the tomato basil soup and the garlic bread changed, it's not as delicious as it was before :(
4	First time visit, many options to choose from and the food was delicious! Very friendly staff, a family friendly causal dining place when you want a good pasta meal.
4	This is one of my favorite places for a quick pasta fix. It's cheap, good and the portions are pretty big. The place is very clean and the staff is really friendly and nice. I love that you can create your own pasta. Good place for casual Italian.
3	I've heard such great things about this place, so I was excited to try it out for myself. I ordered the Philly Mac and it was just okay. Nothing special about it that I'd remember or crave for after this visit. Service was great and dining area was very clean! Maybe ill try something different next time.
4	Kids eat free on sunday...but you have to dine in.  And you can't use the check in offer if you are using another offer/special....like kids eat free.  I've been here four times and they always have great food.  Shrimp Scampi is great, so is the Crazy Alfredo.  Smokehouse Mac and Cheese is a little too sweet for me; it has BBQ sauce in it.  This time around, I had ordered something with steak and it was way overcooked.  Too chewy.  My cousin got the larger size and it just comes with more pasta and sauce.  I've always been pleased but this time around not so much.
5	The Mac n cheese is delicious and so is the Cesar's salad. If you haven't been here you should check this place out. Build your own pasta dish. Yummy.
3	Some dishes like Asiago Blue Mac and Roasted pepper sauce knock it out of the park but others disappoint like the shrimp scampi has no flavor. I love that you can upgrade to the larger "manga" size but it's disappointing that the other ingredients don't increase with the portion size. Always double check your order before you leave. They have delivery that I tried for the first time on Sunday so that was pretty convenient.
5	I either get delivery or stop by to pick it up. But it is always wonderful! And the proportions are plenty! I also love that sometimes if I'm lazy, they could always deliver to me which they're usually right on time and the food is still hot. Don't forget that if you're there, make sure you check in! You'll get free breadsticks and a drink with an entree order! :)
3	Did I really just pay $25.00 for two bowels of Mac n Cheese? Sadly and a very disappointed yes, yes I did. Even more disappointing is that I received a free bread stick and drink and it still cost me $25 for two people.I ordered their philly cheese steak bowl and it had alright flavor and was a healthy portion size but didn't have enough meat or vegetables to really be considered a "philly" The Daughter ordered the crazy Alfredo and all I could get her to say about it was "it tastes alright but its nothing special"I guess that is really the best line to sum up our entire experience. It tastes alright but its nothing special. Not sure what I was expecting but I wanted some cheesy, gooey, max and cheese that would bind me up for a few days. I seriously doubt I will have that problem tomorrow.
5	This place is awesome! The food is great and the service rocks too!
4	If you like italian food and fast service this is the place to go! Pasta comes out in 5 minutes and is very good.
1	This place is just plain OVERRATED. They wouldn't even trade out meat in a dish for something else without  charging me extra, that or the lady taking my order just plain didn't understand. Still, waste of your money. Go in and see the ideas they have for the specialty dishes and then go home and make it yourself.
4	I have nothing but great things to say about the Mac Shack! High quality pasta, fresh vegetables, and a friendly staff! I ordered carry out this time and even after the drive home the food still had great flavor! Great vegetarian options!
5	Mac Shack was voted Best of Las Vegas for meals under $10. This cleverly named restaurant serves not just macaroni, but other types of pasta as well. You can make your own pasta creation from the type of pasta, sauce, and toppings. There's also premade recipes to choose from, creating a variety of options.There is even grilled cheese that has macaroni and cheese instead of your typical melted cheese. Add bacon or ham to switch it up. I've been here several times and have ordered a different entree each time. Each one was enjoyable and it is perfect for a quick lunch during lunch hour or order to go for the family after work. I recommend this place for it's delicious eats at reasonable prices! There's a reason why Mac Shack has been voted Best of Las Vegas!
2	Okay, so let me begin this review by saying that I am still at the restaurant after my meal and felt that since I was compelled to use the restroom immediately after eating, that it was only appropriate to write a review on the john. Let me make this simple and quick. The variety of the pastas, toppings and sauces is impressive, though the flavor wasn't much to write home about (but apparently enough to write Yelp about). I got the lunch special that came with a stale cold breadstick, cold and salty soup (corn chowder), and a "create-your-own" pasta. The soup was terrible, the breadstick was terrible, and the pasta was so so. We came here thinking this place would be a bit more upscale than it is, but it turns out that it is fairly "fast food-ish". I would have preferred to have eaten at Roberto's next door. The bathroom was very clean though, best part of the experience.
4	This place is a perfect place to go when everyone is ready for a carb-loading type of dinner the night before an intense workout or marathon! Lol The food here are freshly made.  Pomodoro Fresco with capers and shrimp is such a good combo !!!!  When you order something with shrimp, it's actually fresh raw shrimp that they grill up  not frozen and heated up.  After your meal there's a Golden Spoon you can hit up for dessert :P
5	This location has fantastic Peter Lik Photography all over the walls that gives it a nice dining atmosphere. It's super clean and the staff is friendly.  Great concept: You choose your pasta, then a sauce, and any toppings you want.  You can even watch as the chefs prepare your food.  To-go orders are always packaged neatly and stay hot for a long time.  Good prices and big portions.  My favorite is the Pomodoro Fresco: Angel hair w/ fresh tomatoes, basil and light garlic w/ Parmesan and Romano cheeses.  The Baked Rigatoni is another great choice.  Rigatoni w/ meat sauce, mozzarella and baked ricotta. They can make a large variety of stuff so just ask if you want something extra special and they can probably do it. They serve China Mist brand iced tea which is one of the best tasting teas around.  Love the complimentary Tootsie Pops on the way out the door.   Thumbs up for always having a clean ladies room.  They have an Email Club and you can see specials offers on their Facebook page if you "like" it.***Memory Bank this tip: The chicken noodle soup w/ or without Matzo balls is awesome to-go when you or your family isn't feeling 100%--quick and easy.
2	Used to be very good, not great.When Robert was manager, we felt our business was important to Mac ShackNow they have changed the quality of the chicken that they use...so we stayed away for a while.Recently, we were compelled to try them again, we called to ask about the chicken to see if it was boneless skinless chicken... we were told yes... so we ordered to go...Got it home, skin all over what little chicken was actually in the meal...Not Good, they don't know the difference. We do
3	Due to the cashier missing my order & us not noticing until the food was delivered... We Split an order of broccoli chicken pesto penne and a side of artichokes. Everything was good. Best pesto I've ever had (I don't like pesto normally) chicken was moist and penne al dente. Artichokes were quite good I didn't notice, but my lunch date thought they were heavy on lemon. A bit expensive overall but we will try again on a Monday when meatless meals are 20% off.
3	We drive by this place all the time and finally decided to give it a try.  You order at the counter and can pick you pasta, sauce and toppings or choose one of their pre-made options.  I had the rigatoni with meat sauce.  It was very tasty with good melted cheese and ricotta on top.  It was a huge portion so I had the leftovers the next day for lunch.  The warmed up well.  My mom had the shrimp scampi with fettuccine.  She said it was a bit too garlicky for her but she liked the flavor.  We also had the garlic bread which was actually breadsticks.  They did not seem to be cooked enough but had a good flavor.  If we are looking for a quick meal and want pasta, we will try it again.
5	On a recent visit I just discovered the grilled sandwich selection.  WOW! The Peanut Butter & Jelly Grilled Sandwich is so delicious.  5/5 Cooked to perfection--Recommended--Must Try
3	They advertise "kids eat free" on Sundays which is a lie. They take $4.50 off per kid but the cheapest meal for kids is $4.95. I am not really hung up on the $1.45 I spent for my kids to eat (they only drank water so drinks aren't a consideration, but they were supposedly included anyway.  I just dislike dishonesty. Aside from that, the food was good and the kids enjoyed it. I had crazy Alfredo which was fantastic.  The garlic bread was, to me, cold and undercooked.
4	Really enjoyed the food. It was a good amount of food for how much it was. I would order from here again.
4	One of my favorite places to eat in the city? If you havent been there and like pasta its a much try!! You get to build you own pasta dish from the noodleUp to the sauce!! AMAZING
3	A unique dinning experience.  I want to come back and check out other dishes, but I had the fried BP&J sandwich.  It was surprisingly delicious!  I also got some bread sticks and a drink via the yelp coupon which kept the cost of the lunch extremely low.  The bread stick not as good as the olive garden's, but it would have pushed me up to a 5 star had it been soft and warm like the OGs.I would recommend you to check this place out at least once.
3	The service was very friendly and the staff were great. I usually don't like to yelp anything negative, I just don't go back to the place if I don't like the food. I ordered some Mac and cheese and a salad to go. When I got home the pasta was just too bland, it looked basically like cream added to soggy elbow pasta. I had to add salt, pepper, and Parmesan cheese at home to make it taste somewhat edible. The salad dressing was also bland. I did my best to try to eat it because I was so hungry but it was just not salvageable. The place is very clean and the staff were very friendly, it's just a pity I won't be back there:(
4	We recently went to Mac Shack again after visiting in December.  This time the food was much better than our first visit.  I had the Asiago Blue mac and cheese.  I added mushrooms and olives to it.  It was very tasty.  Nice and creamy.  Not a strong blue cheese flavor but just enough.  My mom had rigatoni with meat sauce and the chicken soup.  The soup was really good.  Lots of veggies and pieces of chicken.  A bit spicy.  The rigatoni had a nice sauce.  And plenty for leftovers the next day.
4	Great place to pick up dinner. Their macaroni and cheese is the best I've had.  I love adding in veggies to go with it. Meatless Monday is a good timeto go because you get a discount on orders with no meat. Their other pastas are great as well. Really love this place.
4	1st timer and got the crazy alfredo-- delicious! Decently priced and easy to order. Clean & green atmosphere and definitely kid-friendly (kids get free lollipops if they finish their meals :)) Liked that kids eat here for free on Sundays.
4	I ordered for take out. They were pretty busy for a week night but it was still pretty quick. Staff was very friendly in spite of how busy they were. Food was really good -especially liked the cauliflower sunday gratin.
4	Had the baked rigatoni which wasn't too bad. The chicken noodle sou was waaaay too salty though and couldn't eat it. But a cool place to eat and relax for about $10.
2	I placed my order over the phone. 2 kids call me and cheese. Server informed that it came with a cup cake and drink. When I was done placing my order the girl on the other line did not even ask for my name or number. I had to call back to confirm my order. When I got there and I received my order there was no cupcakes for dessert! I got freaking roll ups!!!! Seriously??? I paid almost 8 for each kids meal and you give my kids a freakish roll up? I have those at home. Then the server asked me what kind of drink I wanted with the kids meal. He gave me choices and one of the choices was apple juice I said ok that's fine. He came back with no ape juice. He said that I was not included in the kids meal?? Really???? II was really looking forward to enjoy their food but it just gave me a horrible headache!
4	I already love mac n cheese...then you add smoked bacon and bbq sauce?! Major nums indeee!
5	I have ate here on four different occasions and the good quality has been the same every time. Last time was delivery and I received my order before the estimated time of arrival. Super good and I will be ordering like this in the future!
3	Ahh Mac Shack. A little joint where you can get just about anything in your macaroni and cheese.My boyfriend and I come once or twice a month.  It's good, affordable, and quick.When it comes to my mac and cheese, I am a plain jane.  I love traditional cheesy macaroni.  Usually I just get regular mac and cheese.  But lately I have been getting the chicken noodle soup (which is pretty good) and the grilled mac and cheese (seriously amazing!!).  My boyfriend took a bite of it and was extremely jealous.My boyfriend gets the crazy alfredo (chicken, sausage, shimp, red peppers, sun dried tomatoes, mushrooms, jalapenos, alfredo sauce) and absolutely loves it.  We also get the garlic bread, which in all honestly needs a little salt and should be cooked longer.Service here is (usually) really good.
4	This place is great. It's simple, yet satisfying. My favorite sauce is the Alfredo sauce, with its perfect taste. It's affordable, prices start at 7.99 and 9.99 for a little more. My daughter loves the mac and cheese for kids and my son (very picky eater) fell in love with the mushroom soup. I always order pick up, so I get to interact with the staff and are always friendly.
2	Everything on the menu looked so good but were disappointing. everything was very bland and didn't quite turn out how we expected it to. Sides that were tried:Cauliflower grati: kinda mushy and couldn't really taste the cheese in the sauce. gnocchi: Sauce chosen to go with this was the broccoli pesto. I wanted to try something different and have never had a broccoli pesto before. I didn't like it. It as blank the gnocchi was over cooke because again it was mushy. Might have been pre-prepared because the tops of the dumplings were dry. Pasta dishes that we ordered:broccoli pesto: bland and not satisfying. Had to add salt and some other ingredients to make it through the meal farm housethe bottle service pasta: probably the best one that we tried out of the three. Still bland and not quite as flavorful as described in their description. You go in your order they give you a number and the food is  brought to you. a great idea but needs work in the flavor department. Checked in on yelp and got a coupon for free breadsticks. Those also were not amazing. Olive garden beats their breadsticks.
1	Ok... so Mac Shack used to be great and I was super excited that there was a place in the southwest to get a good inexpensive bowl of pasta. Unfortunately, that is no longer true. They are totally nonchalant about deliveries of their over-rated pasta being 30+ minutes late (its ironic that the receipt says, "now offering FAST delivery") and if they get your order right --- well then lucky you.  I've gone back a few times hoping they would bring back the original feeling... but it is definitely gone.
3	I have a very love hate relationship with this place.I used to Love coming here. I love the concept,  it's quick, it's easy, and afordable. However, the past few times the sauces have been bland and pasta has been very over cooked.  I think it's safe to assume they've changed Ingredients.  Orders have been wrong and service is lackluster at best.Today went in and 2 girls were chatting behind the counter.  I was greeted when I walked in, but stood there waiting to order. I don't think I could have been much more obvious.. then a man (I assume manager) starts talking to them about someone who will be calling for him all while I'm standing there waiting to order.I got my order in literally 2 minutes. However,  while waiting I overhead the manager speaking to someone he just hired that he just hired about how his employees go out partying all night, etc. This wasn't like I was being nosy. I was sitting at the counter waiting for takeout 2 seats down. Very unprofessional. On a prior visit, I had my work shirt on. The cook asked for help with his phone. I helped fix it. He asked for my number if he has additional questions. .. ummm no. Go to your carrier and ask. ( I work for a phone manufacturer. ) Long story short. I don't really care about poor service for takeout pasta. Food is decent, but if I was the business owner... I'd be upset my guests were experiencing this.
3	We've only gone here once and if we go again I will update. We loved the concept but the food that we had was very bland. My husband had a caprese sandwich and it was better than my Mac and Cheese. It's a good place to go with kids. I will try again but I'm hoping for a better experience.
2	We usually eat here once a week and prior till today everything has been great. We place our orders online and have had no problems. Tonight we placed our usual order at 6:30 pm for pick up at 7pm. My husband went in and stood by the phone/internet order line like normal but today the cashier continued to take everyone in the regular line. After finishing the orders for about 4 other families that arrived after him, she then asked if my husband needed something. He said we made an online order and she said ok I have it right here on the counter and will now place the order. Why was it not placed when it came through? We didn't receive our order that was placed at 6:30 until 7:30 because it was not placed by the cashier properly. We are assuming she was new and did not know the process but please correct this so it doesn't occur again. Thank you!
4	Amazing salads for sure plus good cocktails! The outside patio is a great place to set as well as you can bring your pets! That was a big plus. we like to stop and get sushi and then go to Mac Shack for salads and sit on the patio
3	I used to love the Pepper Jack Mac, but it seems they changed the recipe, or how it is prepared, and I'm not a fan of it anymore... I tried the Broccoli Pesto instead with chicken. It was pretty good, but the chicken just was not cooked right. I still go to order the Green Machine Salad, which is delicious and pretty healthy (I think?).
3	My favorite kind of places are those where you can make whatever the hell you want to match your heart's desire.  Which pretty much means that Mac Shack fits right into that profile.  Relatively affordable and hits the spot if you need a quick food fix!  Service is ok as well.
4	Oh. My. Macgasm. (that's a mac and cheese orgasm)This place is something different. I'm a huge fan of mac and cheese, I guess I never really grew up, but this place just makes it fun and unlike anything I've had before. Myself and a guest decided to check this place out since it's down the street from my place. Located on Warm Springs and Durango, this little shack has a lot around it. We walked in and were promptly greeted by the cashier. We were in the mood for fettuccine and wanted to try something popular. We considered getting a BYOB (build yo own bowl). This however included too many options for me. I mean bowties, penne, fettuccine, or elbows?!?! How could we decided!! Lucky we had an amazing cashier who let us try some the sauces just to give us a better idea of what we were getting. One of the sauces I tried was the pesto, which they had cold... So i was to imagine it warm.. I'm just gonna come back and try it. We decided to get the chicken alfredo and the cheddar mac sammich. Also while paying I realized I hadn't checked in yet. So, I checked in and received free bread sticks!! YUMM. We were gonna order a side anyways so it's nice that it was free. They gave us our numbers and we grab drinks and sat down. I was excited they have blue powerade. Most places just have the standar coke sprite and stuff. They have tables and chairs or booths. I wanted the booth side and made my friend take the chair side. HAHA, cushion for my butt!! After waiting maybe 10 minutes or so all of our food was out. I got right to it with a fork full of alfredo and chicken. The alfredo sauce was delicious, however I'm wasn't the hugest fan of the chicken slices. They were a little bland. I added some crushed peppers to spice it up, and we were back in action. We then move to the cheddar mac and cheese sammich. It was great. Nice toasted bread with cheddar mac.. Oh, ill be back for another round and hopefully soon. Cool part is when you clean your own plate you can grab a tootie pop at the door, mine are still sitting the in the car but it was a nice gesture. :)
3	pasta a 1000"s ways...love it
1	I've been going to Mac Shack for nearly three years. It has been one of our favorite 'fast food' places with good comfort food. However I have been very unhappy with the service lately. Especially the online ordering & delivery process. What is the point in offering that service if it is slow and the orders are wrong? In addition, I paid extra for delivery and tip on my wrong order that took too long? Ridiculous. And when I tweeted at them, they feigned public interest in my concern and told me to DM, only to not follow up. Very unhappy and don't see myself returning soon.Updated to add: the owner called us after this review was posted. Appreciated the personal touch and desire to make it better. Gave us his name & cell number & said our next meal is free. Bummed to share that when we went back to redeem the free meal, service was still less than stellar.
4	We love mac shack!  We just wish there was one by us.  My favorite is the smokehouse.  My wife gets what she is in the mood for and has tried the blue cheese, cheesesteak, smokehouse, and create your own.  I would highly recommend upsizing your meal as this will more than likely give you leftovers!  The upsize is a steal for that reason alone.  The service is alway friendly and on the way out, grab a tootsie pop!
3	This is my second time here.  Love the concept.  Love the cleanliness and decor.  Staff was very friendly.  Everything on the menu looked great.  It was hard to decide because everything sounded delicious.We ordered the Philly cheesesteak Mac and the pepperjack Mac.  Maybe I don't have a very sophisticated taste, but they both tasted like the same thing to me: plain noodles.  The Philly cheesesteak was slightly better than the pepperjack, but both were pretty bland.  I'm sure it's healthier that way, but I don't expect to eat healthy when it is Mac and cheese.  I want lots of flavor, and this had almost none.  Kinda bummed.
4	Food was excellent.  Hit the spot.  The smokehouse BBQ Mac is amazing.   The chicken salad was excellent.   We had an issue with our order where they missed ringing up 2 items, and the manager was amazing and gave us the replacement items for free.  Well done     The only reason I am not giving this place a 5, is because of the prices.  It is simply too expensive.  We got our bill and thought "wow that was really expensive"; but then after realizing they gave us $20 in free food, it was apparently REALLY expensive.  Unfortunately due to price and only price, I don't see being able to bring the family here often.   It's pasta!!!! $1 a pound at most!  How does it add up to $10-$12 for an item?The only other observation I had is, we ordered the manga size on an item($4 more I believe for a larger portion) and it was not noticeably different from the non-super-sized version.
2	I honestly didn't see the hype with this place. My friend was ranting and raving how this place was good. When I stepped in , I enjoyed the decor , I thought it looked cool and very modern. I told the dirty blonde at the counter it was my first time and she kind of just gave me a dumbfounded like "and?" And I want to know what the funk this place about... Anyhow since the menu was a little intimidating and quite large, I just went with a chicken fettuccine with whatever pasta there was. I felt like this dish was something you can get off the olive garden kiddy menu. Anyhow, this review is a little late but I just thought I'd tell everyone about my experience because "I'm sorry" it sucked. We were staying on the strip and I have no idea why we ended up driving to a place 15 minutes from, where I'm pretty sure there are better italian spots in one of the hotels.
1	I didn't know it was possible to mess up macaroni and cheese. Mac Shack has proven me wrong. Twice.
2	Mac Shack isn't a computer store, it's a cafeteria-style restaurant that serves pasta dishes and soups. I had the "Philly Cheese Steak Mac" ($10/$13) and pureed corn chowder ($4). Total bill came to $40 for two large pasta dishes, two soups, and two large soft drinks. The soup was out of this world, maybe consider serving this or other soups cold (as I write this it's 110 F degrees in Las Vegas). The mac and cheese was well seasoned, the amount of beef was underwhelming. Although the atmosphere is light and airy, we were beset by houseflies, having to swat them away the entire time. I've lived in Las Vegas for three years and I've never seen a housefly here, anywhere. I swear this place had flies like the outhouse at Grandpa's farm. What this tells me is that 1) there is a sourcepile of nourishment for them that 2) doesn't get cleaned up. According to the signage your restaurant is sustainable! natural! etc. etc. so maybe a couple of Venus fly trap plants would be in order.
5	Delicious. The best lunch special in town
1	Everyone was telling me how awesome this place was. I ordered food online from here and everyone in my household's order was incorrect. Some were fine..not too bad of differences and some orders were just...complete messes! When someone had tried to contact me, they clearly could not read when I sent them a comment on their site for feedback. I cannot take calls while I am working. They left messages for me to callback during the most inconvenient times. Why give an option to be contacted via email if you do not do that? I've heard so many great things about this place, but I guess I should have dined in instead.
4	Quick, hearty meal full of carbs and protein!! Sometimes it's a good thing to indulge and this place is a great place for it with their custom orders!!
3	Nothing special. I have been here several times in hopes of it being better. Have had the steak Mac with balsamic, the pesto , jalapeno, and kids. Kids is the best. Chicken noodle soup is great. Maybe just not my thing.
2	I found this place to have ok food. The staff is friendly! There is no need for me to ever go back that's how unimpressed I was.
4	Much more than just macaroni :)The selection is wide and probably will fit your need for anything in the "Italian" cravings section. Be sure to check-in and get your free breadstick!
5	Came here for a vegetarian dinner for me and something for my boyfriends whole family to try and it was a hit!! Such good pasta, quick service and amazingly clean:)
1	I ordered delivery at 5:10 pm. She called me back to verify my address at 5:12 pm. I called at 6:00 pm and asked where my food was. She replied with we haven't had 1 single delivery order all day. I said that's impossible and told her the above story. She then asked me if I ordered from another location.  I told her I'm calling the number in which one of the associates called me from. Placed on hold. Then when she got back on phone  she told me her new cashier didn't put the order in the computer so she'll comp one of the items. Yes. 1 item.  Food gets here the total is 23.00 I give him 30.00 and what do you know... The driver doesn't have change. I ordered 3 items. 2 hot pastas and 1 salad. The salad was on the bottom of the Luke warm pastas. The food ...  Had little to no flavor and paired well with a warm soggy salad. Oh btw you also can't use your free breadsticks coupon for delivery.
4	I really like the Mac Shak's wagon wheel and fettuccini dish. So delicious. And you can add whatever add-ins you want. Kids eat free on Sundays. Their tomato soup is very good. We enjoy their lunch specials too.  I didn't give them 5 stars because it did take me a little while to find what I really liked. A few times I didn't particularly like my dish ( I think it was regular macaroni and a plain cheese sauce). But some pastas and sauces are better than others so you have to find the one that is right for you :)
2	Bland boring noodle place. I was hoping this would be like the chain Noodles & Company. Nope. The feel of the place is nice. The pesto pasta dish I received had no flavor to it. It was very bland for pesto.
5	Let's start with my co-worker took me to an Italian place, and I'm lactose intolerant... I was scared. After getting to Mac Shack I found everything was made fresh, and the menu is 100% customizable !! Not just for me as an exception but for everyone. I had an entire filling and very satisfying meal all dairy free and most importantly hassle free, and no mistakes. I love this place and the staff is friendly and courteous, the restaurant is clean and tables are laid out really well, so no one is on top of each other even when it's busy. The portions are large and filling...I'll definitely recommend it to everyone and I'll be back over and over again!
3	We were heading to a concert and needed a quick bite before meeting friends who live in the area so we grabbed Mac Shack for everyone.Basically, it's a quick order place for pasta that have specialties or you make your own. It's an answer to Chipotle for pasta. The BF and I shared - FarmHouse - this was OK. I liked the sauce, but I could have honestly done without the toppings as the ham was salty for me and the peas were fine. There was no egg, though it says on the menu there is. Bottle service - I liked their vodka sauce and mushrooms, but it was skimpy on beef. It didn't really need it. Portions I think were good as we were both pretty full sharing and had a few bites we couldn't finish. I did a checkin for a free order of breadsticks (2pc). It was standard, but good. It seems the way to go here really is meat free. I feel like once the meat is added its slightly much for order up food and it didn't really add much to the dish. I will make my own and stick to veggies. They do a pretty decent lunch special for $6.99, but I did not catch the timeframe it runs and if it is daily. I will probably be back, but it's not a spot I would be running back to. For a quick bite though, I would definitely order something with the vodka sauce again.
1	I ordered for delivery & the cashier over the phone told me approximately 25 minutes for my food to be delivered.Okay, 35-40 minutes later I call again to see where my food is, "Our driver left a while ago so he should be on his way."...Should be? Okay? Finally when my food arrives the delivery guy gives me my food, forgot my drink & told me I need to completely fill it out or else he won't get the tip. ...Okay?Food:To start off, everything was just warm, not even hot.0/5: Broccoli pesto: over seasoned & tasted bad. Didn't even eat more than 3 bites.0/5: Mac & cheese: tasted more like watered down cheese than anything. Very bland. You would think their specialty was Mac & cheese. It's not.I forgot what I ordered my boyfriend, but he didn't finish it.& I also ordered breadsticks & was charged for it, but never got it.I didn't call them & make a big deal about it, cause I'm not going to fuss over $1.50.Definitely not coming back.Such a shame too, cause a few years ago I used to love this place.
4	Mac Shack, Mac Shack, Mac Shack...You got me mackin' over some pasta =) If you're a pasta lover like myself, you will appreciate this place. I love that it's located right around the corner from my place.Anyways, my review will be based solely on my to-go experience and the shrimp scampi I ordered. I am not one to discriminate against pastas; I love and adore all equally, but have recently grown an obsession for shrimp scampi. I've made it myself before, but on days when I want pasta and don't feel like putting the minimum effort in cooking I will invest in to-go pasta. I truly believe the shrimp scampi is for pasta lovers that do NOT like creamy pasta sauces. The wine sauce is a good amount for this dish and they are giving with the shrimp and pasta. I must say that the garlic bread isn't that great which can explain the 4 stars. It just wasn't "garlic-y" enough and not soft enough for my liking.The place itself is very spacious and has a warm light to it. The cashier counter have a nice display of "fake" pasta and dishes they make. I enjoyed the staff as well since they were very friendly. I will be back to a dine-in experience, so my review will be updated.. HOWEVER, for now I say I am a Mac Shack fan!
5	Probably the coolest restaurant I've ever been to. My wife always gets the chicken Alfredo which is divine. I always get spaghetti with spinach and meatballs. Delicious.
5	Loved this place!! I love Mac n cheese and this place didn't disappoint!! I had the Spinach Artichoke Mac n Cheese! Delish!! They even give you a free Tootsie Roll lollipop as you walk out! Will be back very soon!!
4	I had the Smokehouse, very good.  The service is great, the food is hot and good flavor. I'll come back.
1	The mack shack was bland both our dishes the crazy alfredo and schrimp scampi were bland.com @macshack hey do better!
4	Food: I am picky and they had choices where I didn't have to worry about there being too much going on. I got the build my own pasta and a tomato soup, both of which were good. My friend got the cannoli chips which she loved. I'm not into cannolis, so I trust her opinion. But she also raved about the taco Mac.Atmosphere: great music! It interrupted our conversation because we kept wanting to sing along.I think it is overall a great place.
4	I've been here a few times, and the chefs do not disappoint. The Crazy Alfredo is my style of a dish, but they have others to choose from. Each dish is made on the spot, and always Al Dente!!!
5	BOMB!!!!! This is the best fast food place ever! It's done so it's not fully fast food like a Burger King or Carls Jr. But it's still order at the counter, eat at your seat. It's basically "create your own" pasta. It's soooooooo good. I love it. Try the garlic and oil sauce. Super tasty.
3	I usually try to give places the benefit of the doubt with yelp ratings and try them anyways. The rating here is spot on. This review is based on the buffalo and philly mac. They weren't bad, but definitely weren't good either. Maybe some of their other selections may be a bit better.
5	Wow. This place is awesome!i love it and. I don't even like Mac n Cheese lol The restaurant is like half fast food and half normal restaurant. They have modern music playing in the back ground, very chill, very relaxing. It has a really good vibe to it. It's super clean, the staffs are very friendly, everything is very organized. The portion they gave us was enormous, you can order one order for two normal size people. We ordered one each and didn't finish but hey, I love left overs lol We had the buffalo chicken Mac, which was AMAZING! It was so so delicious, it tastes like you're eating an actually buffalo chicken wing and it even has carrots and celery! Haha it was so good. The other order we ordered was the smokehouse Mac. It wasn't my fav but it wasn't the worst thing in the world, my bro in love loves it just as much as the buffalo. When you eat it you can taste the smokiness flavor in the Gouda cheese. Oh yeah, they have different cheese for each kind of Mac. Anyway, it was a very pleasant visit. I wouldn't mind coming back. :p
2	Not impressed.   Pasta was mushy very little chicken in my dish and even less broccoli.   Won't be going back.
