4	Chen & Wok gets four starts for convenience, price and they deliver!!!  And it's Chinese food that's actually delivered in the Chinese take out boxes.  I love that.C &W is located on the NE corner of 7th Street and Maryland in a strip mall.  It's a little lunch counter type place full of pink and orange formica.  The interior has NO character at all, seriously, just call and have them deliver.  The people who own it are nice and prompt.  They'll do white meat chicken for a dollar extra on any order.  Everything comes in pints or quarts.  A pint is enough for 1.5 servings and a quart is good for 3 to 4 servings.  The pints are a great way to get a few things and try.  Everything is super reasonably priced, most pints are $4 to 6.  Steamed white rice comes with every thing.  Their egg rolls are good, I think they have a little hoisin sauce in them, which is different but good.Don't get me wrong, this isn't Chinatown fabulous, but it's great in a pinch when you're busy.  You can spend $10 and get dinner for two delivered in 30 minutes.  And a bonus, I've NEVER had an ordered delivered that wasn't correct.  That's saying something.Confucius say, "Don't dis Chen & Wok".
4	I've got to say that I have eaten at many, many Chinese food places, and this place has excellent food.I have sampled many spicy dishes, from the Yui Shan to the Curry, and all were great.This restaurant has only a few downsides.  The decor is terrible, no kids menu (I am a parent of two), and a lack of high chairs (even though my kids are old enough to use booster seats).I am strictly rating on quality of food here.  I would love to see them improve the interior of the restaurant to match the quality of the food, but with a full belly, I am not complaining!
4	In three words: not too shabby.I've been weary with Chinese delivery in Phoenix so testing this place out was a big step for me.  And while I am still not a PHX Chinese food lover yet, Chen & Wok helped better my view. The crab puffs and vegetable lo mein are great. My friend got the Sesame Chicken and wasn't too impressed...  It wasn't that horrible but I wouldn't recommend ordering it. The egg rolls were decent, but not the best. The thing that made it for me was the egg drop soup. I love it, but i hate the stuff you get from most places that has a consistancy of snot. C & W's egg drop is light and liquidy, like soup, not ooze. It was tasty, with mushrooms, peas, and carrots. The best thing about them: they told us the food would take an hour, they were at my house in about 30 min. So yeah, I'll probably order from them again, unless someone in yelp land lets me know about a better spot.
4	Dont let the terminally sad interior of this dive fool you - the kitchen's consistency and quality control is top notch.  Chen & Wok's dozen or so ricebowl lunch specials (served before 5PM daily) brimming with meat and vegetables - each priced under $5 - are truly one of this town's culinary bargains. Less of a bargain at dinner. I'm partial to the chicken curry bowl - succulent stir fried chicken with huge chunks of al dente carrots, onion and green pepper topped with an addictive thin sauce packing medium heat (not that tasteless thick, floury gravy goop passing as "curry" in so many fast food places). They get their chicken (or at least they used to) from Firpo Poultry Farm, and I think it's a step up from meat used at some other rice bowl joints.  Delicious and remarkably consistent.  Soups are served very hot (temperature) and are therapeutic on a cold or rainy day.  Take out orders are always packed up securely with plenty of condiments and utensils.My teenaged son and I eat here semi-regularly and have a good time, slurping our food and people watching, but you'll wanna stay clear of the "dining room" if you're on a date or trying to impress anyone. I think they're trying to finally spruce it up a little, but it's got a ways to go before I would dine in with a genuine guest (ie stranger).EDIT: Nov 29 2010They've painted the place, put in new tables and chairs and even hung a couple pictures. You can officially eat here with a woman now!!
3	I ordered Chen and Wok for take out on Saturday. I must say it was pretty darn good! I will give it an a-ok for now even a 3.5, but will return to try more dishes. I'm sure it will creep to 4 stars.What I ordered: Sweet and Sour Chicken- slightly dissapointed because there wasn't a lot of sweet and sour sauce on the chicken chunks. But overall pretty tasty.Vegetable Egg Foo Yung- yummy! The sauce that it came in wasn't just a plain brown gravy, it was an actual sauce with ginger and other seasonings that took it out of the boring realm.House Lo-Mein- That was pretty good. The noodles were a little soggy but still flavorful.House Fried Rice- I would suggest getting any of the other fried rice that they offer. I was hoping for a good mix of all the meats but only ended up with 2 shrimp out of the entire carton. Other than that, the rice was good! I actually really liked it.Egg Rolls- I love a well seasoned egg roll. I only ate one, but wished I had ordered a lot more or didn't have to share my other one. Oh well.. For about 30 dollars, I was able to feed 3 people HUGE plates of food and still had leftovers. I think Chen and Wok will be my new Chinese Takeout from now on!
4	Yep, still darn good.  We ordered take out this week and it was just as good as always.  i wish that I had a Chen & Wok in my hood in Chicago.  Why is their lo mein so much better than everywhere else?
2	Well, I went in here with hopes that were maybe to high.  I'd seen a friend eating take-out from this place that smelled divine.  The food was much less expensive than I had expected, one star.The counter staff was knowledgable and my food was timely, one star.The table tops were dirty but there was ample parking.The vegetables in my chicken and vegetables were crisp, one star.There are no pineapple, tomato or pepper chunks in their sweet and sour dishes, minus a star.The amount of styrofoam that place went through in just the time I was there was scary.  They need a greener solution to their operation.
4	I recently ate here again. The food was delivered prior to the promised LONG wait, and it was HOT and fresh. I have now become a devout fan of this little Chinese takeout place! My dinner guest was equally as impressed with all of the food. I will say that I thought that the sweet and sour was a little dry, but everything else was delicious. We were impressed that they didn't shirk on the shrimp and the shrimp were large and delicious! Is it gourmet and to be served on white linen? No. It's Chinese takeout that you eat in your sweats in front of the TV.  Just wanted to show Chen and Wok some love with another star!
4	So I have been going to Chen & Wok for years. Getting the same thing. Sauteed spicy beef and teryaki chicken. Prices have only slightly risen over the decade to this market I have paid tribute too. Honestly, get take out. The restaurant is not great for privacy, nor has it been upgraded in any major way. But it does not matter. Get the take out. Enjoy it at home. Also, avoid other chen and woks around the valley. It is not the same. My only recent concern is the transition from large styrofoam bowls for lunch to segregated trays that keep the meat from the rice. I like the rice immersed in my spicy sauce. Combining them is a hassle and messy.The dinner is better, with the rice and meat in its own respective carton. I should try new things here but I have rarely been disappointed with my order.
3	Too often my enthusiasm for Chinese food detracts from my ability to say anything meaningful about the establishment. I order, get food, eat food, rant and rave about food, find out that nobody shares my opinion of said food, rinse, repeat.With nearly identical menus and service, I was having a hard time finding something interesting, meaningful, and most importantly funny to say about any of these places. It was starting to cramp my style, and I feared that Chinese food would prove to be the knight that slayed the mighty Jetta Dragon. I bet you all pegged me as the unicorn type, huh.Chen and Wok broke what could have been an otherwise endlessly repeating cycle of pointless reviews by being popular with people I knew and giving me something to criticize them for; their service.First let me start off this review by laying down the obligatory (though not undeserved) lip service.The food is pretty fucking fantastic. Ever since my coworkers and I discovered their menu at the bottom of our "take out menu" drawer, we've been eating that shit like it's going out of style.Normally just the sight of steamed rice makes me flail my arms and scream in tongue, but after that spicy kung pao or house chicken hits me and my stomach balloons with burn and gas, I'm grateful that I'm not being tempted with a side of lo mein. I usually keep a shamrock mmmmmmilk nearby whenever I order anything denoted on the menu as "spicy". Once I experimented with chocolate milk. Turns out chocolate milk and kung pao sauce get along like leather daddies and mountainbike enthusiasts; amicable yet jarringly indifferent. Look up any takeout menu from any other Chinese place, pick five random items. C&W has it, and its fucking DELICIOUS. The food is so good that it warrants the often mindfuckingly tedious task of dealing with the staff. For now, at least.I admit off the bat that I have a skewed perspective. In my group of co-workers I am the official "C&W ambassador."I can tell the difference between chow mein and lo mein so apparently that qualifies me to be a fucking interpreter of the culture.One day not too long ago the IT department managed to pull ourselves away from Japanese Bug Fights and Star Wars done entirely in Terminal long enough to decide that we were hungry, we wanted Chinese, and that although Jetta was in no mood to be yelled at over the phone, she was a bitch and deserved it anyway.I called in the order and was greeted by my friend Asian Lady With The Inappropriately Loud Voice, who after rushing me through my order and snapping at me when I tried to explain (for the fifth time now) where our office was located, would interrupt my giving of the credit card number by reciting numbers that in no shape, way, or form resembled the ones I gave her. You know, to keep me on my toes.One of the people on my order really wanted chow mein with his orange chicken. Chinese restaurants' legendary personal grudge with special orders and substitutions aside, I thought that if we just asked for some on the side and not substituted for their flavorless white rice, maybe they would take advantage of the opportunity to provide something resembling customer service and make a few extra bucks.We all know how this ends, right?The lady argues with me for a while, and then she argues with Clarice for a while, and eventually we compromise; we have to buy A WHOLE ENTREE of chicken chow mein so our friend can eat the noodles. Needles to say my credit card company LOVES C&W.Perhaps to punish me for my insolence, C Dubs sends an obnoxious and easily confused driver in a bad "I'm going to community college to learn how to be a game show host" suit in lieu of our modest and very smiley normal delivery guy. The driver refuses to park in the parking lot and instead drives in circles around the parking lot waiting for me to meet him. After I spend 6 minutes on the phone just begging him to park and wait for me, I spend another 10 waiting for him to finish his victory laps.After botching my name once or twice (how do you get "Liberty" out of "Jetta"? They're not even made by the same manufacturer!), he hands me two plastic bags which he has TIED together (am I supposed to slump it over my shoulder hobo style?) and drives off. Once inside, I find my entree to be so spicy it makes my nose run and my rice to be even colder and more flavorless than usual. Hell hath no fury like a Chinese place inconvenienced.All in all, Chen and Wok is still the Peoria-area Chinese takeout for me. But believe me when I say I've never been so happy and excited to see the Goodcents girl walking towards our office.
5	Our favorite dive Chinese restaurant.  Whenever we are back in Phx we go here.  Why?1.  The best crab puffs on the planet2.  The best fried rice that we have ever had!3.  Sweet and sour sauce that they make on site, SOOO good.4.  Never had anything that wasn't really good, really hot, and portions are extremely generous.Can I transport this place back to Jacksonville???  We are sorely in need of decent Chinese food.
4	I got the Moo Goo Gai Peng and the House Special Lo Mein as take away.  It was great!  I was also excited to hear they deliver to my place so I'll be ordering them for delivery in the future.
4	Chen & Wok is a quick stop away from my house (but half way between there and my gym... dangerous!) so it's very convenient for me. The food here is good, standard Chinese take-out. It's definitely the best I've had in my neighborhood, so here my loyalties shall lay.The best part of the menu is definitely the lunch menu. Huge selection, with generous portions at a smoking deal-- starting at $3.40 up to$3.95. It's perfect for my nearly empty pockets these days. I haven't been able to find another place that I can have a cheaper, more fulfilling lunch! I've found it's best to order before and pick up, otherwise expect a loooong wait especially during peak lunch times.
5	Chen & Wok on 7th street is the best!  Not only are the prices super low ($3-$4 ) the portions are huge! My boyfriend and I have been going there forever, and have never once had a bad experience.  The owners are wonderful, and the food is delicious. The only issue I have ever experienced is order accuracy with deliveries, I think there is a slight language barrier that makes phone in orders difficult.  However, they are quick to hurry back with the correct order.  All in all, Chen & Wok is a great deal for amazing food!
4	It would be 5 stars for the delicious, inexpensive food and the huge portions of their lunch specials (big enough for at least two people) for under $5. The food is always hot and tasty! I always recommend it to my friends and they all love it too. The building is kind of gross looking but the food is soooo good!There are only 2 thing that are not as good as they should be.One is the wait even if you order over the phone and they say it will be 10-20 mins and you get there in 20-25 mins and they still make you wait another 15 mins like they are just getting to your order. The reason to call ahead is to have the order ready when you arrive. This happens every time we order. And quite often the orders are not correct. SO, you always have to check the details of your order before you leave.Second, some of the women who work at the counter are incredibly rude like they dont care if anyone ever comes back to their restaurant. Their service is bad enough to the point that if their food wasn't incredible my family and friends wouldn't go there. The Asian women behind the counter are always friendly and smiling and I pray that they are working when we go there (and not the rude woman and her daughter who we think may be the owners.) I wish those two cared about customer service at all. You shouldn't go into a restaurant feeling like you should have to provide the staff with customer service so you get your order straight and so you dont get snide comments from the staff because of their mistakes. It's kind of ridiculous. Yes to me this is the fatal flaw with Chen & Wok. That is what took the 5th star! BUT! I will absolutely still keep going there because the food is soooooo good and I will still keep praying that the nice Asian ladies will be behind the counter so that I will get decent customer service.
4	It had been ages since I'd been to Chen Wok (as I had previously called it bc I had no clue all these years that there was an "&")  and it was like I stepped into a time warp.  Nothing about the place had changed, and not in an "eew this place needs a remodel" kind of way, but in a "wow, this brings back some great memories" kind of way.  As the neighborhood staple for Chinese food, this place was getting busy, but my food still came out piping hot and delicious.  In fact it even made it all the way across town and was still hot & yummy.  Gotta love the Moo Shu Pork, although I really wish they gave you more than 3 crepes.  And the House Chicken is super yummy.  Their prices are super reasonable and they even have coupons on their web page.  With this I got a pint of Moo, Pint of House, (which came with a pint of white rice), and 8 crab puffs all for $11.89.Dear Chen (&) Wok,  I'm sorry it took me so long to get back to you, I won't let it happen again!
1	don't, don't, don't...  don't believe the hype.  aside from the apparent body odor special they were running today, the food at this joint is nothing special.  the egg drop soup tastes like frozen peas and carrots.  the lemon chicken lunch special is nothing special - the chicken was fried and very chewy and grainy.  both the customers and the workers were pretty rude - but what do you expect in phoenix?  for people to actually form a line and not begin ordering in the middle of your order?suckered in by good reviews.  guess that's what i get.  mark this one down as a fail.  won't be returning to this shithole.
4	Good Chinese food is a hard commodity in AZ.  Chen & Wok is a dependable and delicious take out place.  I usually stop by after a hike on North Mountain.  I think there Shrimp and Lobster sauce is lip-smacking good.  And if you go before 3pm, you can take advantage of their great lunch spells.  You get a ton of food for 5 or so bucks.  If only I lived closer.
4	Don't you hate when you get a craving for something and it you can't get it out of your mind until you finally give in to it? Well that is how I found Chen & Wok! I had been thinking about fried rice for days, and yesterday I decided I better just give in and get some instead of driving myself crazy! Chen & Wok is near my office, and I decided that it would be the place that I would get my fried rice fix. I am always a bit apprehensive going into new places that could be considered questionable from the outside, but it was surprising clean and bright inside. I liked the fact that you just order at the counter...and my food took less than five minutes! They have some really cheap lunch specials, but none of them were for fried rice, so I had to "splurge" and pay $5.95 for my shrimp fried rice and I also got a side of crab won-tons, which are usually my litmus test for good Chinese. When I opened the container of rice, it was packed in so tight it came overflowing out of the little carton, it easily could be 3 - 4 meals, so my "splurge" was well worth it! The rice was love at first bite! It was the prefect fried rice with bits of eggs and green onions mixed in with the plump shrimp (and these were big shrimp, not those wimpy salad shrimp), and it wasn't greasy at all...just what I needed to feed my craving! Next I tried the crab puffs, which were shaped like little purses rather than the triangles I usually see, and wow...just wow....they actually had a lot of crab and cream cheese in them...and they were perfectly crisp and oh so tasty when dunked in the sweet and sour sauce! The order came with 8 large puffs for just $3.95....what a steal! I will definitely be back to try some of their other offerings, while waiting I spied someones Lo Mein which also looked quite tasty...and the prices will be perfect for my after Christmas budget! The only downside I can see so far is the absence of Sesame Chicken on the menu....but I guess I will just be forced to try something new!
3	At one time this place was an outrageously good value. I used to work within a mile of Chen and Wok and it was a common lunch destination for a lot of people in my company. The quality was noticeably better than other strip-mall Chinese places. You could get the quality of a sit-down place from take out. That was the magic of Chen and Wok.In the last few years it's become more or less equal to its competitors. You still get a lot of edible stuff for a little money, but it's just . . . edible stuff. . . . The only remaining advantage is delivery if you happen to be in the Cent Pho area, though their minimum order for delivery is now $15, and I think a charge applies.
2	This restaurant was good until I had their Egg-Foo Yong! Scary!!! How can you mess eggs up!!! There lunch specials are great and they get a lot of business, however, not everything on the menu is safe and trustworthy. You will get a few good items and then you begin to explore the menu until you bump into horrible! I was told this place use to be great....well its not horrible but great it is not!
2	I would say 2.5 stars for this place, and I say that somewhat hesitantly.   Let's agree that quantity without quality is not always a good thing.  I can't say that my lunch was bad, but the large portion of Teriyaki Chicken  ($4.59 w/ tax) with the super big chunks of dark meat chicken (or was it?) , extra sweet, syrupy sauce (I know, it's teriyaki) and just plain 'ole white rice was definitely edible, but not memorable.  Service was fast, but not especially friendly.  From now on,  I'll think I'll reserve my asian fix for a slighly more "upscale" spot, like Pei Wei for a few bucks more.
3	Co-worker loves, and I mean LOVES Chen Wok, and has eaten it for almost an entire week before...I wouldn't go that far HOWEVER, it's cheap , fast Chinese food..and you get a massive plate of food!First time, I had tofu and veggies in oyster sauce, rice and egg roll..just yummy especially the tofu was great and fried..yum!!Today, just tried their house chicken, basically deep fried and over rice with sweet brown sauce..I would actually do it without the sauce or on the side and add some chili to it...but it was one of the many lunch specials and only $3.40ish, I had a drink and egg roll so it came out to be around $6..I have to say you want something cheap but good.. try Chen Wok..get some veggies into your diet than the taco bell or McDonald's around the corner..
3	Cheap but good, you can't go wrong.
3	This is one of my lunch places around my office.Cheap, fast, big enough portion.It's not a luxury original chinese style restaurant. But it's ok for occasional lunch take out.
2	I have been going to Chen & Wok for quite some time now. My mom used to like to eat there when I was a little kid and she would bring me along. As an adult I continued to go there and eat. They have large portions for really cheap and it's pretty decent food, but over the last few years their customer service has really gone downhill- hence the 2 stars.The last few times I visited, the cashier was either rude to me or I couldn't understand what they were saying. My food was messed up or was completely not what I had ordered and they were non-apologetic and frankly quite bitchy. I took friends there to eat last night and while we were deciding what to eat, TWO people brought their food back in because it was the wrong order and one even had to ask for her money back because the manager was just arguing with her about her order. I ordered Kung Pao chicken PLUS shrimp, not the kung pao two or whatever it is they call it, but the lady who took our order barely spoke english and didn't understand what I wanted. The sauce is different and I wasn't super fond of it, as I wanted regular kung pao sauce, but I was hungry and it was edible so I ate it anyway. I noticed a lack of peanuts in my food so I went to the counter to ask for some and the INCREDIBLY RUDE MANAGER (I assume) was like "Your food doesn't come with nuts".Um. Okay? What kind of response is that. I wasn't like "Where are my nuts, lady?!?!?!" I simply just asked her for some and then I saw her making faces as she walked away to go get them, as if I was inconveniencing her.Anyway, like I said the food is decent and a good price for what you get. But I don't know how many more conflicts I can get into with their staff before I decide to call it quits from this place for good. I would reccomend going to China Chili instead. It's on 3rd street just south of Osborn, so It's not too far away. While the food is a little more expensive, it's much better quality. And you won't get any lip from any of the employees.
4	Very tasty! Flavorful and lots of food for your $$! Delicious cashew chicken and crab puffs! Right around the corner from my work, I will be going here again!Also, it looks dirty from the outside, but surprisingly remodeled on the inside! Just try it!
3	One plus for Chen Wok is the employees actually speak an Asian language which I assume was Chinese.  That also might have been creating a problem as the lady taking my order seemed a little confused about things.  She did take my order, clearly, I thought for teryaki chicken.  I did ask her twice for chop sticks.  When when she gave me my tray there was a fork.  I finally convinced her that I really did want those chop sticks.  When my order finally came up they asked me for my number which I was never given.  It was determined that was okay that I didn't get a number and them she said you did order chicken with vegetables.  It wasn't what I ordered but decided it would be more trouble than it was worth to get what I really wanted.My dinner was pretty bland but that was okay because I took what they gave me.  Surprising thing is that there was more chicken than vegetables, usually the opposite of what one might expect.  Overall there wasn't much flavor and some gristle in the chicken but it filled me up.  Overall that is the objective when one sits down to eat, isn't it?If I had gotten what I had asked for and it had been about the same, I would have put two stars.
3	I had such a craving for chinese food yesterday that I wanted to find someplace I had never been before and check it out.  So I went to Yelp and thought I would seek a recommendation, one of the recommendations was Chen & Wok.  I read the reviews and thought, why not give it a shot.  The reviews are right, the place is in a strip mall and really nothing to look at but it was clean inside.  I walked right in and ordered a chicken lo-mein lunch special and a small hot & sour soup.  The service was pretty quick and I was really hungry.  Now I have been to many chinese restaurants and most of them specify whether or not the meal is dark meat or if you would like to substitute for white meat then you can.  I was disappointed when my lo-mein came out and it was full of dark meat.  Not being a fan of dark meat I pick it out and ate the noodles.  The noodles were pretty good and had a good flavor.  The hot & sour soup was pretty good.  Not the best, kind of tart and not really spicy.  I asked for chile paste and added it myself for a little bit more of a kick.This place was not horrible, it was just ok.  I would probably go back and try some of their other dishes, but this next time I will remember to ask for white meat if I have a chicken dish.
2	I've tried this place twice - last weekend my boyfriend and I placed an order for delivery. It took forever. Really. I had the Mongolian beef and an order of pot stickers. The bf had lo mein and sweet and sour chicken. The pot stickers were good. The rest varied from OK. (lo mein and Mongolian beef) to inedible ( sweet and sour chicken). This weekend I'm feeling under the weather so we decided to try their soup. We picked it up instead waiting until we're both old and gray for them to deliver it. I had the won ton soup - not good. It tasted like dish water. He had the hot and sour soup..it was sour but not hot...not very good. This was my first shot at finding a place for Chinese in my neighborhood...I think we'll keep looking.
4	Chen & Wok is on the top of my list when it comes to quick chinese food.  Their house fried rice is very good and comes loaded with big chunks of meat and large shrimp.  Their lunch bowls are good and are a fair value.  I usually opt for the Kung Pao Chicken.  I have yet to be disappointed by anything I have ordered.
4	Excellent food. They actually deliver. I've called other restaurants that had a "yes" in the delivery section and they don't deliver. Not sure if that is the fault of the restaurants or Yelp. Anyway, the food is great and I will be ordering from them time and time again. My toddler loved the food too (she's very picky).
3	My co-worker has Chen & Wok almost once a week and she simply raves about the place. Literally right across the street from my office, I decided to try it one afternoon. I order the #16 Terriaki Chicken. It was SUPER CHEAP. Like $4.25 or something for the medium which had a ton of rice and decent cuts of chicken. The place itself is kind of small and run down but Asain restaurants aren't known for their perfect establishmentsThe chicken was good, it cut into really big chunks though. Made it a little difficult to cut and mix with the sauce and rice. The chicken was grilled nicely with a few burnt, crunchy mixes there too. I reccommend this piece if you're pressed for time and want something super cheap.
1	So rude, normally this is my go to delivery Chinese place, but when I called tonight the lady was a damn idiot.  First they have a min of $15 order for Togo, which I was over at 18.50 without tax, but this girl tried to tall me that it wasn't enough money, once I did the math I called back and she said she didn't realize I also ordered the rice and then continues to ask me 3 MORE TIMES if I wanted fried rice.  I'm used to the language barrier when ordering from these types of places, but really 3 times??? AND THEN, the best part, I basically told this lady she's dumb and I'm not sure if I even want to Oder from her and she HUNG UP ON ME.  I called 3 more times to speak with her boss and she kept on hanging up on me.  Never ordering from this place again.  And that stupid girl is lucky I didn't figure out her name or it'd be put on blast.  Definitely making sure these aholes don't spit in my food or try to feed me dog meat.
4	Good, fairly priced Chinese. The egg drop soup was a little flavourless but the chicken (we got House and w/ broccoli) was good quality and both came with a pint of rice each. I'll come back to try more of the dishes.
4	I have been sick as of late and I had a HANKERING for some hot and sour soup.  So, I took my sick self down the street and was delighted to find out how cheap the food was!!  It looked to be about a quart (family size) of soup, for $4.25! The also had a small size for $2.50. Yesssss!  I ordered two and the vegetarian bowl (steamed veggies with rice and sauce).  The food was so good that I went back for more for dinner. Quick review: cheap eats, tasty grub, stuff available without meats, food comes out fast!  It's a short review, I know...but sometimes short and sweet is just what the doctor ordered.
4	Great Chinese food in Phoenix? Well this place proved to me that it does exist. Their egg rolls are great, and they have the BEST Orange Chicken this side of the Mississippi.  Order from this place once - you will wonder why you didn't do so long ago.
1	Rude. Ruder. Rudest.
4	Great little place.  Lunch special is awesome w many choices and it lasts up until 5 pm mon thru fri.  Portions are huge. Food is flavorful.  Great Chinese food at decent prices. Don't let the one stars fool you. I am pretty picky about Chinese food this place is up to my standards
2	Probably the best Chinese take out in Phoenix. Not saying much. I've tried a lot around here and this is the closest to how I remember Chinese food as a kid. Still not that great. Has a lot of the same problems most of the places around here have. Doesn't taste fresh, poor quality and cuts of meat. If you get white breast chicken, it isn't SO bad, but just normal is nearly inedible. Everything tastes too greasy for me. (What happened to all the GOOD Chinese take out? I don't remember it all being this bad when I was younger.)But again, this place is the best of the worst. Staff is friendly, food is ok if you get that craving, restaurant seems pretty clean and you get pretty generous portions. Check it out.
1	Don't eat here unless you like food that has no taste.Since this is in my neighborhood and I was craving some good Chinese food I stopped in yesterday for a take out lunch.  Since one of my favorites is cashew chicken I placed my order for the large size and took it home.When I opened it all I could really see was celery.  I tasted it and YUK.  NO FLAVOR. All I could taste was half cooked celery.  This is not cashew chicken this is CELERY.  I have never in all my 40+ years tasted Chinese food that was this bad and had no flavor.  I tried to spice it up with my homemade hot Chinese mustard, soy sauce, sweet and sour sauce but nothing would help it.A friend had warned me about the food but I thought I would just check it out for myself.  From now on I will believe what he tells me about food.Waste of money, time, etc.
3	So I lived for a year in surprise, Az. Chen & Wok is a small chain, they have a location out there. I liked their House fried rice better, then this locations. It's ALMOST the same, but this location's lack's pork. But nonetheless the house friend rice is really good, better then I've had at a lot of chinese places here in the valley.
2	Stopped here for lunch and ordered almond chicken and also egg drop soup.  The small lunch bowl has about 1" of low grade grisly chicken, almonds and celery, the rest is rice. AFTER I told her I don't like rice. The soup is odd, with tofu and canned mushrooms. I smell some delicious garlic but I'm not tasting it anywhere.Super hot food and friendly staff.
5	OMG I just had lunch here and I have to say it was really good.  I really love Chinese food and have tried many places in town including upscale places and have  always been  disappointed because I either paid too much and  the food did not live up to the price and or the price may have been right, but horrible food.Chen & Wok I have to say has really fancied my taste buds.  YUM!! Not only are their prices reasonable but their food tastes so much better than many other Chinese places I have been to in the Phoenix area.I had the orange chicken take out dinner with nice size portions filled with amazing flavor that puts Panda Express to SHAME!!!  Their egg rolls I have to say has been one OF THEE best I have had in a very long time!!   I am for sure coming back for more very soon!!!
5	Definitely the best Chinese food around. I'm a vegetarian and they special-made me everything using vegetarian ingredients. If you're ordering vegetables, be sure to ask that it's not made with chicken stock. So happy to find a Chinese restaurant willing to accommodate my diet. Really appreciate it!
1	Absolutely disgusting nothing was good idk if the people that had reviews on here had taste buds left or will shovel anything in their mouths this food is garbage I cannot believe how gross this place was looked nice people made it look good but omg unless you just want rice don't go here just nasty  and the food like someone else said has absolutely no taste and chicken fat is disgusting.. I just have to warn you down to the egg flower soup n butterfly shrimp how do u mess up egg flower soup DO NOT EAT THERE grossssssssss the only thing I could do with this food is feed the dogs I wouldn't even offer this to a homeless person it would be an insult
5	This place is amazing!! Orange chicken is way better than panda!! Pork fried rice and my dinner is complete!! Definitely best prices around town!!
4	Order food for delivery the other night, never tried them before and they're pretty close by. The delivery was pretty fast (may be due to living a few blocks away). The portions were plenty (think I may not realized how much I was ordering, LOL). I tried the szechuan beef, house fried rice, house chop suey, and pot stickers. Had plenty and had plenty of leftovers.The food was really tasty and good. My only criticism is that the food doesn't really stand out, although a lot of those chinese takeout/etc. places run together. It feels like I can get the same food anywhere else. But the quality is still really good IMO, so I would say consistent. Very convenient and really close by. Will definitely order again.
4	Really good veggie lo-mein. That was what my friend ordered. I had the teriyaki chicken. The teriyaki sauce was really good, the chicken was a little grisselly and WAY too huge of pieces. It would be nice if they had cut it up a bit more. The gal at counter was super nice and accommodating. Thumbs up for good service!  I'll be back to try a few more options!
1	I used to like this place, but yesterday when I had a delivery I found a baby cockroach in the bag my Teriyaki Chicken was in. I immediately called them and the manager said she'd send out another order and refund my money... The food never came.  Today I called her and she changed her story saying she never said she'd send out another order... So I guess in her mind a free meal with bugs is a good way to take care of their customers.  I of course didn't eat the food, and I'll never eat there again.  In conclusion, IF YOU LIKE COCKROACHES IN YOUR FOOD & DEALING WITH MANAGEMENT THAT DOESN'T KNOW HOW TO PROVIDE GOOD CUSTOMER SERVICE WHEN THINGS DON'T GO THEIR WAY... EAT AT CHEN & WOK!
4	They arrived 30 minutes before the expected delivery time and the food was pipping hot. The crab puffs and sweet and sour chicken were delightful. The person taking our order on the phone was also helpful with size recommendations.
5	I absolutely love this place! I went in today and notice they have remodeled the place. Very nice touches but the same great taste... 7yrs and counting.
5	One of the best quick Chinese places.  Great prices and great food.  The house chicken is amazing.  We also got the ragoons which were amazing.  Use to go here all the time 20 years ago when I lived in the area.  Recipes are still the same and taste great.  My son even said it was better than Panda...
5	We love it here. Food is delicious.  Had it for breakfast lunch and dinner. We would definitely come here again. Go for the lunch special.
4	Best bang for your buck in Phoenix. The food is great and doesn't leave you feeling like you've sacrificed quality just to save a few bucks.  My husband and I get take out from Autumn Court quite often....2 entrees and an app = $30 bucks every time. 2 large lunch entrees at Chen & Wok is $10 bucks and we always leave satisfied. The portions are large enough to have leftovers for later. Ooooo and the crab puffs are oh so yummy.
1	This is absolutely the worst Chinese food I have ever had the misfortune to come across. The Orange Chicken tastes like bar-b-que. The Won Ton soup is  bland, the beef is too tough, and though the Crab puffs are huge, they are way too sweet.  Also, I think they over charged me by roughly $5. Alas,  I'm was so hungry I just went with it.
3	Love the sides! Egg drop soup, lo mein, and crab puffs are tasty. The fried food has gotten a little sloppy (super greasy, breading everywhere but on the chicken) over the years. Try the curry chicken for something different!
1	New to the area and decided to try this place based on Yelp reviews & proximity. I was not impressed at all; the food was very bland with little to no flavor. We ordered chicken lo mein, vegetable egg rolls, spicy beef, Kung pao chicken and house fried rice. The "spicy" beef was actually sweet, the Kung pao chicken was completely devoid of flavor and the house fried rice was okay. The chicken lo mein and egg rolls were the least offensive dishes...I try to steer clear of chains like Panda Express but the food was so bad it made me wish I had gone there instead.
4	One of the best places with delivery in the midtown/north central area. Curry Chicken is  a fave. Prices are great and the food is delicious. I've lived in the area for about 8 years and Chen & Wok is a great dinner when you don't feel like cooking. Online ordering through Yelp would make it easier - would give 5 stars if it was available!
4	Really enjoy Chen Wok and appreciate how accommodating they are to vegetarians. My gf is vegetarian, so I always request that they don't use chicken broth with the assorted veggies and veggie lo mein. Lo Mein is always delicious. A previous commenter mentioned the smell outside, which is usually pretty bad, so just stay home put that out of your mind and order delivery!
2	Food isn't that great. Seemed very greasy and everything had a peanut taste to it.Tasted like everything was cooked in the same pan, wasn't impressed.
4	Been going here for the orange chicken since I was a kid! Moved back to PHX awhile back and realized they do delivery! Super fast and piping hot! I was greatly surprised how good their food was for delivery:) It's our new go to, and I'm telling anyone that cares because great Chinese take out or delivery is hard to find in Central Phx!
1	Worst place I've EVER experienced as far as Chinese food goes. How hard is it to f up chinese food but these guys figured it out! It started when I called in the order and the gal couldn't understand a lick of english (no surprise there) but then she kept yelling my credit card number after I read it to her over again. Along with with the security code one the back. Just f-ed up business all together and their food is substandard. Never would go back or recommend to another not based on the credit card breech but based on how crappy the food is as well. SO MANY other Chinese restaurants around. Find one that's worthy of your patronage :)
3	For the price the food is decent.  Chicken was a little tough but if your on a budget to feed 6 your money will go a long way
2	The Beef Lo Mein was extremely bland.I've been going there off and on for a while, but lately the quality has decreased significantly to the point I feel I have to write this.  Normally the Beef Lo Mein is full of flavor, but it tasted like absolutely no sauce was cooked into the mix.  It was flavorless except the natural flavors of the onions and other ingredients.  Either they rushed my order and didn't take the time to prepare it, or the new cook shouldn't be back there making the dishes.  I'm hesitant to go back after such a bad meal, which I'm now I'm only eating because there is nothing left around me and I don't have time to go back and have them remake it.If you save a few pennies on how much sauce you add, you lose the sale of a customer which is the bigger picture.  Make quality food or don't make it at all.  PERIOD.
5	Came in for lunch today and they stepped up their game for sure.  It was cheap and delicious.  Perhaps they hired a new cook or something. not sure but I felt they definitely deserved 5 stars today
5	Looking for a cheap and really good food?? This is the place u would love to come... :)
5	Been coming here for 5 yrs. Nothing beats their chicken lo mein. Then don't even think about the price for less than 30 dollars u can have lunch for 4 to 5 people!!!Some says that their flavor has decreased? --pls tell it to the owner or the chef, it will help with patrons like us, or new comers. I had one time asked them to add more teriyaki sauce for my order and spice which they did. From now on when I order that item they know to put extra flavoring.Sometimes our taste buds get used to flavors  and need a little more to get that same flavor were so used to. it's scientifically proven that the more we eat the same thing the brain we crave more of that flavor, :)
1	I ordered food from here fifteen minutes before they opened thinking that it would speed up the process.  The guy who answered the phone said they will be here an hour from when they opened.  No big deal, but it took them thirty minutes longer than they quoted. I ordered the sweet and sour pork lunch special.  It's very bland, just fried meat with sauce,  no vegetables.  I thought they would come with the usual onion, bell peppers and pineapple, but no.  I got noodles instead of rice. The noodles are also bland.  I'm never going to order or eat here again.  Save your money,  call someone else for delivery.  If was to go out to a restaurant, I would go to golden Phoenix. They are where it's at.
4	Best shrimp fried rice I've ever had. House lo mein is good, but I've had better. Staff is friendly. It's one of my top 3 Chinese-hole -in-the-wall restaurants.
4	Want cheap hole in the wall Chinese deliciousness? Yup this is the spot. It kind of reminds me of Chinese food in New York. Great lunch menu. This place will have you coming back.
4	Really good cashew chicken. Everyone finished there plates. Nice people and good atmosphere. And very cheap lunch specials.
