3	Formerly Feelgoods, Count's Vamp'd still has a lot of the same menu items as when Feelgoods was around, and still has the same bar service in some aspects of specials. The only thing that's changed is the name, really. Food isn't overly fancy or out of this world so to speak, but at the same time isn't trashy or just another place to get cheap, thrown together sliders and wings. The service could be a little better in terms of not sounding so "nonchalant" with taking your order and answering questions. I would have given it 4 stars, but since the service is an area they could definitely need improvement on, I give it a 3.The only difference is the place is aimed more as an upcoming local venue that focuses on the rock scene. A little cozy and reserved since it's away from The Strip, but I'm hoping that Vamp'd could evolve into becoming the local rock venue that Vegas is looking for, it definitely has the vibe and feel!
3	OK - So VN is out (apparently he got needy or something like that) and now the place has a new name.The food is limited in selection. That is supposed to mean you are better at what little you do offer than the average place, but it's not the case here. It's obvious from the selection and the quality of the food, that their original focus was probably skewed by the places connection to VN, and they hoped to capitalize on his association. Well, he's gone now people, it's time to re-assess. The service was not bad, but it did not shine either (a request for extra sauce on what turned out to be a dry pizza, returned a cup that was too hot to hold, but sauce that was cold as ice - I have no idea how they accomplished that feat). The barkeep had a great attitude, it's just too bad her skills were lacking. Next time dear, dip a spoon in the sauce and test it before bringing it out.
5	Came here with the boyfriend and some friends to see Aces High (Iron Maiden cover band to the mexxxxx. \M/     Very cool scene. Felt very at home in this metal/biker atmosphere and the music was great, even before the band. No pop crap here. The waitresses are cute too, little tatted girls with corsets. Drinks are reasonably priced, and we had a great time.
5	Yeah, I love going to L.A. rock clubs, but it's great to know we have a home grown one here in Sin City, a la Hollyweird style.  Count's Vamp'd has nothing to envy the Sunset Strip locations, other than maybe the people traffic.  This place is fabulous.  The talent is amazing.  Have heard everything from classic rock, to heavy metal, rock en espanol and even salsa, at this venue.  The Count does it right.  The drinks are fast to come and easy to pay.  The menu is simple comfort food done right.  The staff is always friendly and welcoming.  Love the energy and the variety.  You may even get lucky one night and hear the Count singing on stage.Hopefully more and more people will come to this venue, it truly is a Rock jewel in the Valley.
3	Decided to check out this venue again after it switched hands ..... I have to say that the improvements are great! The decor is the same.... the live music is still great.... came to see mojo risin', always a good time!  The improvements ..... 1) more wait staff! Always a must when you have a packed place and live music! Our waitress was right on top of things and my glass was never empty, always a good sign!2) The menu! I loved the garlic knots, and the prices are reasonable. I have to come back and try the pizza, I've heard its great!All in all.... a good time was had! I will be back!
5	Count Vamp'd is the old Feelgoods in Vegas that was opened by investors with Vince Neil of Motley Crue being a minority investor and marketer. Once Neil got divorced he had to sell his stake in the business and the name had to change. Vamp'd is a dracula-themed rock club, bar/restaurant. Yes, it's all those things. Unfortunately, I have not caught a show there yet so I cannot speak to the concert setup or sound. I do know they attract national to local acts, George Lynch probably the biggest name that hits there regularly, and local Vegas Iron Maiden tribute band 'Aces High' is also a regular. The bar itself is very cool, has lots of guitars behind glass, cool decor, and rock-star type memorabilia. In terms of food, Vamp'd markets its pizza as a big attraction and it is not bad especially for bar pizza. Sandwiches are good, service is good, beer is cold. (Bottled beer seems to be colder in Vegas than my own area of NJ, probably because they keep the refrig temps lower to counter the heat.) Bartenders are friendly and talkative, the place is dead until later at night and from what I understand only happens on certain nights. Prices are reasonable, the menu is what you would expect - except for the 'free range chicken' options. LOL, nevertheless, I enjoy stopping in there for a few cold ones and a bite to eat when I'm traveling to Vegas. Probably a great place to see a show, drop in for happy hour or on Sat nite. Nice to see some traditional rock clubs are managing to stay in business despite the economy and ever-changing music scene - and not for the better! Vamp'd is definitely recommended.
4	I believe that Vamp'd is one of the best Venues for Rock and Metal music in Las Vegas. They have local bands, bands from across the country, and even big names playing at this joint.  I've been to other small local venues, but the sound system in this place blows them all away. It's like a real concert like sound in that place.  I've seen cover bands, and tribute bands.  I was always satisfied with the shows I've seen so far. I would say about 95% of what I've seen.  So if you're looking to "Rock the Hell Out!!" This is the place to go.  Although I would suggest to reserve a table if you don't want to stand around the whole time. To get a table is better if you had a group of people with you. Keep that in mind.  So checkout the Count's Vamp'd website to see who'll be on the monthly calendar for shows to come. Rock On Vamp'd!!!!!
4	Probably one of the better rock/biker/grub places on the west side of town. It's basically the same vibe and crowd as Feelgoods ( same place, different owners )They have a great sound system and a guy who knows how to work it, proof by the many nights I've been there and not waking up with decibel buzz.They've always got a great lineup of rock bands booked, from local bands to midline national acts, again mostly in the rock genre. Plenty of blues and tribute bands to boost as well.Decent prices on drinks, about what you'd expect. Beer drinkers, the best deal is probably the bucket of 5 for $12 and fireball whiskey shots for a few bucks.Food that I've tried there is good as well, although what I've eaten was mostly bar style food, i.e., wings, fingers, fries, etc.Go, rock out, have fun. You won't be disappointed.
1	We went to vampd to see the band Mojo Rising (who are awesome) When we got there we saw 4 tables with signs that read "reserved" There was no hostess at the front so we had nowhere to sit and had to stand near the doorway. After a few minutes we saw either the manager or owner come close and after looking at us spoke to one of his employees about all of the people standing near the door. We thought, finally, someone will help seat us. Rather than help us out, the employee rudely said "clear this are for the waitress to come through" We moved in toward the stage and sat at a booth reserved for someone named "Dianne" We though for sure we would get served since we were now at a table. We watched as the waitress passed us by about 3 times without making eye contact. All in all we were there for 2 hours and we did not spend a penny. We left there without taking out our wallet at all. If I were the owner of this establishment I would be very concerned. In this economy only the best should stay in business. If they are not willing to train their employees then they deserve their fate. Anyway we didn't care as much because we were there to see the band. Who again is awesome. By the way "Dianne" never showed up.
4	Well to be completely honest, a rocker/biker bar isn't really a place I would seek out under normal circumstances.  But these weren't normal circumstances.Long story short, we were throwing my husband a birthday party at KISS Mini-Golf and while talking about it one night we looked out of curiosity for KISS tribute bands in the area.  Well, since you're dying to know- yes, there is a KISS tribute band and they were just-so-happening to be playing at Vamp'd the day after my husband's birthday party.The day of the show we were still up in the air about if we were going to go.  Besides the fact that it's a bit of a drive for us, we were worried that us two nerds would look incredibly out of place in a rocker bar.  But at 10 p.m. I looked at my husband and exclaimed "Life! Embrace it!," changed into the most rockin' shirt I could find, took two shots of vodka, and hopped in the car.  Vamp'd has a dark, rock-themed interior with a bar area when you first come in.  Past the bar is a decent-sized stage with plenty of standing room or tables that you can reserve ahead of time.  Drinks are average in price ($5 for a well drink, $4 for a beer).  The bathrooms are clean and even have an attendant!  Bonus points for Vamp'd!Amongst the customers you can find: long-haired rockers, metal dudes, rockabilly chicks, some drunk folks reliving their 80's heyday, and even an emo boy if you look hard enough... So, yeah, we did get a few looks at first when we came in.  But this ended up being the friendliest crowd I've ever had the pleasure of hanging out with!  The security guards, the people standing next to me waiting for the show to start, the random drunk lady in the bathroom that told me I looked like Pocahontas....they were all friendly and chatty unlike the crowds at pretty much every other bar I've been to.Oh, and did I mention there was a VIP section with some older dudes that looked like Rod Stewart, Vince Neil, and Bret Michaels all decked out in their leather and jewelry hanging out with some cute little grandma?  There was.Friendly employees, good crowd, clean bathrooms, and I got to see Las Vegas KISS for free!
5	Went there last night and have to say its a really cool place.  I just moved here 2 months ago and wanted to go somewhere other than downtown or the strip so I researched online and saw this rocker bar, luckily its 5 minutes from my apartment.  Very quick service at the bar and the sound was great!  Kinda wish they had a larger draft beer selection.  Im curious how the food is though.  Im sure ill be returning there very soon.
1	I went to this place for lunch and It was terrible. They do not have lunch specials how they claimed on their signs. their menu was small and nothing special. I would not recommend this place unless you just want to drink.
5	Loved the location, decor, and the pleasant hospitality of the bartender. Horny Mike, Scott of Counting Cars Show and Counts Kustoms dropped in to watch the show and were totally friendly and down to earth guys!  Good cold beers here, and prices were very reasonable.  Wish they had more than just tshirts to buy as souviner.
4	Even though my husband and I love this place...the food, the venue, the music, the waitstaff, I can not give them a 5 because we just don't get why this place wouldn't be willing to book some bands earlier in the evening and even afternoons on the weekends.  I mean, there was a time where we had jobs that kept us up to the wee hours, but those days are over and we just can't get a 9:30pm or later start anymore...it kills us because of course we love live music and love to stay the duration! Then the next day we are always pissed at ourselves and then that keeps us from going to Vamp'd for another 4 or 5 months. We really think they would be surprised at how many would like an earlier show as well.
3	They have great bands, the seating is good...but I think they reserve too many tables.  Kinda annoying when you walk in and each table has a reserved sign on it.  The VIP area is nice...but you can't see the stage worth a darn.  Good food.  I always have fun when I'm there.
5	Over the past 2 years I have absolutely fallen in love with this place. My review is primarily for the place as a concert venue.Las Vegas has the best rock and roll scene on the face of the planet. Though, as many people know, the venues in town tend to be a bit on the hit and miss side. I have had issues with just about every place in town that has rock and roll shows, being that I'm a very active fan in the local music scene. After 2 years of rock and roll goodness, I can honestly say one thing...Vamp'd is the best rock and roll venue in Las Vegas. The place has TONS of shows, almost every night of the week - many of which are totally free. No matter what kind of rock and roll it is you follow, you will find a show that's up your alley. Local bands and national bands alike, they all play here. One week you could be seeing a local-based Iron Maiden tribute, and the next you could be seeing Faster Pussycat. The sheer variety of bands the crew here books is incredible. The staff are friendly, and this is a nice, small intimate venue. It's the perfect place to see any band. Additionally, they have plenty of drinks available in the bar, plus a full lunch/dinner menu. While I have not actually eaten here too terribly often, everything I have tried has been very good. As far as atmosphere go, Vamp'd has one of the best of its kind. A mixture of rock and roll memorabilia/paintings, along with some horror style decor, which really sets it apart from other venues. Don't let the classic-style cars and legions of motorcycles outside intimidate you. Everyone here is friendly, and they really know how to take care of their regulars. The one minor complaint I have is that the "start times" for shows advertised tend to be a bit on the iffy side. I have been to shows that started over an hour late! However, this is not something I can specifically dock Vamp'd for, as numerous venues have the same problem. I also wish there were more places to sit (not having a seat makes it a lot harder to eat/drink/etc.), but I'm usually on my feet rocking out, so again I can't complain much.Vamp'd is Las Vegas' premier home of rock and roll. If there is a show here you are thinking about going to, even if you are just casually interested, don't hesitate. Just go. The staff will take good care of you, and you'll have a good night. I guarantee it.Interesting trivia: Vamp'd was previously called Feelgood's, and Vince Neil was part owner. The current owner of Vamp'd is Danny "The Count" Koker, best known as a vehicle restoration expert on the History Channel series Pawn Stars and Counting Cars.
5	I see the best bands at this venue! I have seen Saliva, First Class Trash, and 9Electric. The sound system is incredible! Never had a problem with anyone in my view. Every spot in this place whether standing or sitting is good!They have booths in the back which is FREE to make a reservation for it. I haven't yet to try the food though. so I will the next time another amazing band comes to Vampd.
4	Fun place for a little rock n' roll! Even the crowd is entertaining. Food is pretty good, and the drinks are made well!
5	I've been looking for a rock-n-roll bar for awhile....so glad to find this joint, even if it's a bit far from home!
4	The food is really good...and you get a cool look into Count's creativity. If you are in town...get the pulled pork. Only suggestion to Count - the hot Vamp'd sauce is weak.  I am from Buffalo and like hot sauce HOT.  How cool would it be if the sauce was a thick hot sauce that looked like blood.
5	On our dive bar tour of Las Vegas . . . we decided to stop in for lunch.  NO this was not one of our dive bars . . . and FAR from it . . . but we need to some food.Place was not too busy, but we grabbed a couple of the remaining stools at the bar . . . went back to days of old and grapped a Pabst Blue Ribbon tap . . . and ordered a 10" PMS Pizza (okay not on the menu that way . . . Pepperoni, mushroom, and sausage) . . . food came quickly and was very good.This place really rocks inside and will definitely need to come back some time at night to catch a show . . . Another place to add to my list of must revisit on future trips to Las Vegas.
1	Closed by midnight even though their website said 4am, their answering machine said 3am and the door sign said 2am.  Thanks for the wasted $40 cab ride.  Fix your stuff.  Especially annoying is the message on the answering machine which says they're open until 3 and if they're not answering the phone it's because the band is too loud.  Well, evidently they also don't answer the phone when they're CLOSED.
5	My first time here and love it great staff if you love rock and roll this is the club for you check it out ill be back
5	This place is without a doubt, the best Rock bar in Vegas.  Many places (not just in Vegas, but any big city) claim to be a Rock Bar, but in reality, they're the only game in town that has a band once a week and the rest of the time they're playing crappy dance music or have some guy with a laptop calling himself a DJ holding headphones with his hand up to his head (is wearing them not cool or something?) Anyway, I digress.... The sound here is freaking awesome, it's super loud but clean, not overdriven where your ears are ringing for days on end, like having the best seat in the arena to hear the concert, everything is balanced perfect.  The drinks are reasonable and tasty, the atmosphere is fantastic, a little Rock and Roll, a little Biker, perfect for someone (like me) who likes that theme.  I haven't tried the food, but it always smells and looks incredible.  Awesome!!!
3	I like Danny, like eating, so  tried Vamp's. Thursday afternoon lunch service was slow, one waitress, food good  and fair  priced.  The drinks, however,  were weak and expensive in $8-9 range, really didn't want to order too many rounds while waiting  for the Bella pork  ribs $15. They were tasty but took  a little under an hour to leave kitchen. This restaurant experiences reveals Danny's  darks  side, medieval hatchets, skulls and black alligator leather seats an interesting contrast to the fresh outgoing  persona we see on TV greeting strangers.
4	There's usually always some drink special. The bands are really great and the food is really good too.
4	Came here for lunch on a Saturday afternoon. Was great, I would definitely come back. I got the grilled chicken sandwich, was too notch- I could tell the chicken was fresh and not frozen- the lettuce and tomato on the sandwich were fresh and taste. Fries were perfect,Fresh and plentiful!  The food took a bit to arrive, but I don't care about that because the food was so good. I would have given it a 5 but the menu is kind of small.
5	I've been coming to Vamp'd for awhile. They have some good bands who play there/have played such as Mojo Risin and Grind, a Alice in Chains tribute. They played there once, and atm, that was the last time I was at Vamp'd. This bar has a cool theme and pretty friendly bartenders. I had one of their vegetarian pasta dishes once, and it was good. Their fries are good as well.
4	This place is great for a small rock club. It's right out of a movie. The food is just ok, typical bar style food.
3	We went in here to grab some beers & kill some time during a weekday afternoon.  The screens were playing blurry VH1 rock videos from the 80s & the place was dead besides a couple of guys wearing NASCAR jackets sitting at the bar.  I'm guessing it reels in plenty of tourist considering who the owner is.  I was in the mood for a nice cold beer & asked the bartender what were my options?  It was very limited.  I asked her what the house blend or whatever they call it was on tap.  She informed me it was similar to Coors.  Wow...I hadn't had a beer that watery since high school.  I ordered one Stella, drank it swiftly & was on my way. I won't be coming back to sample their ales.  I'd be curious to see a live show there sometime...or maybe not?  I'm sure it's better at night on the weekend.  Again...this review was mid-day mid-week.  They do need to get some some craft beers in there though.  2.5 stars is more accurate for my experience, but my experience was swift & limited to a single beer.
4	Nice to get off of the strip and be welcomed by locals. The seating has spiderwebs etched in the booth=amazing! It is very loud but great bands/music and has decent drink prices.
2	I came here for a venue on Friday night. While the bands were great the service was not! We reserved way ahead of time and were seated in the VIP section. I'm not sure what was so "Very Important' about this section because there were people just walking in and out whenever they felt like it and it became crowded. Some people even crowded in on our section putting there drinks on it and actually spilled all over my seat. The waitress we had came over and took our drink orders but we literally had to hunt her down for the rest of the night trying to get another drink. We spent around $50 on drinks for the two of us (drinking mix drinks) and nether of us had a buzz and started feeling really ripped off.  I'm not sure if its because it was 20 mins of nothing to drink at a time since our waitress never showed up or the fact that the drinks were really, really weak. Probably a combination of the two. We kept attempting to order drinks for awhile after this. She actually forgot about our drink orders TWICE (two separate orders). She apologized and I thought it was fine the first time but after the second time it was hard for me to forgive her and believe this is quality service. She was obviously overwhelmed by how many people there. I only saw two, MAYBE three girls working the entire club. Perhaps they should hire more ladies for venue nights or dedicate someone to the VIP sections since it does mean Very Important Person right? We left early because we were getting so annoyed by the service and all the people just helping themselves to our table. There is going to have to be something really special going on there to get me back. I wont recommend it to anyone I know either. Over priced for what you get and terrible service.
4	I love the live music and the atmosphere her. The staff is suoer friendly and treats u good. I like the fact its far enough away from the strip that ur not bombarded by tourists and can easily get a drink even on a busy night. Ive been here a few times now and can say the level of service has been consistent for me. Definetly will be back.
2	My little sister loves this place. She is a regular. I cannot handle it. At all.It's a rock/biker bar. I like electronic and pop music, so there is that. I am sure my 15 year old angst-y self would have loved this place. I just can't handle it. Not my crowd, not my scene.Depending on whether there is a band playing, there may or may not be a cover charge. I don't pay to club 90% of the time (and I never pay cover, ever) and I sure as hell will not be paying to see some band that is playing too loudly and I won't be around for more than an hour.The layout here is really nice for being a rock venue. The bathrooms should be relabeled sex room because every time I have come here, there is some BOOM BOOM happening in there.Vamp'd is not my jam. My flavor. My happs. I do appreciate that when I do stop by I stand out like a sour thumb in whatever color I am wearing and/or that I can show up to this place completely ratchet.
1	I am only giving a one star rating because I had to pick one, if it were up to me, I'd give none! I took my father here while visiting on his vacation and had to walk out after waiting 25 minutes to order a drink which we never received, never even got the chance to order our lunch so... we followed the lead of all the other people who also did not receive service and walked out. I do not think all the guys having a good time in the back, ignoring us knew we had all left, but was very disappointed with the poor service!! Food may have been good, but we didn't even get a chance to try nor will we ever give it a chance in the future!
3	kinda of a crazy rocker bar...If you like rock music/head banger music then this is your spot!Drinks were decent, music/cover band was good, and the atmosphere was typical of what you should expect. I like it!
5	I am from San Jose CA and wish they had a place like this in my area. All the clubs/bars out here cater to hip hop and pop music. Nothing wrong with that music and I do enjoy it sometime but I love hard rock/metal and I loved Vamped! I read some of the bad reviews and it seems this may not be the best place if your idea of a good time if sitting down at a table and waiting for service. But if you are a more active participant in your evening this place is GREAT! I came on a Saturday and they had a great cover band playing, the crowd was pumped and it was great. I was able to get fast service from the bar and had a great time! Seems like people who do not like this place are the more subdued crowd or those who stop by for lunch. It would be great if they could provide an outstanding time 24/7 maybe they can I have only been once. From my first visit I will be coming back when ever I visit Vegas!PS complaining about a cover charge in Vegas is kind of absurd considering most places charge one and almost everything is over priced on the strip. I got in for free when I went and the drinks where priced just right!
3	Not too shabby. They have this sangria drink for $11 that's awesome. Food is pretty great for a bar. I went on a Thursday so I can only imagine what Friday and Saturday is like. It's dark inside which I liked. Service was ok, they need more staff.
5	My favorite place for chicken wings and Tuesday night for counting cars. Live music Wednesday thru Saturday. Staff is awesome, the manager Jenna always makes sure my group Is accommodated. I go ever week for the show and usually catch at least one band a week. Always entertaining .
5	We were in Vegas for vacation from Washington State in November and stopped in for lunch, the place was quiet but it was a Wednesday. Talking to the bartender she told us Danny was playing with his band that night; Counts 77. We asked if we could reserve a table for the show that night and she did that for us, no charge and no cover for the show. We showed up later that night and had a frickin blast. Good food, great drinks, and a awesome show by Danny and the guys. I will visit again, 8 days in Vegas and this was one of my favorite nights on. Rock on Vamps!~K~
5	This place is legit. The space is kind of divided into two sections. Two-thirds is the venue side and the other third is the bar. The two sides are partitioned by a window paned wall that cuts the sound from the stage in half. The stage is about 30' across by 20' deep with a wall of Marshall speakers and a robust lighting rig. This is a true music venue, tucked away from the mayhem of the Strip. The perimeter of the concert side is lined with booths, the middle of the room is a sea of high tops and there is a pit right in front of the stage. A few times I've been there and the pit was about eight deep. There's also a VIP section. The bar side has flat screen monitors that show classic rock vids (you can't hear the audio on a night with a show). The bar accommodates about 16 people and four-tops line the wall parallel to the bar. There's also an outside patio area that comfortably accommodates about 30 people and overlooks the motorcycles-only parking. I was so curious about this place, I went by myself one late Friday night (shows normally start at 10p, according to the event listings). On the particular night I went, Vinyl Tattoo was playing. They covered Hendrix, Zeppelin, Queen, Dio, Sab among others. Deft. There was no cover, but maybe once in every ten or so gigs, there will be a cover. But in those cases, it will be because there a classic rock band on stage (Y&T, Faster Pussycat, LA Guns). Legit! Quite often rock royalty will appear and jam on a few songs. Some cameos include Ron Bumblefoot (Guns n Roses), George Lynch (Dokken), Jeff Labar and Eric Brittingham (Cinderella), Sebastian Bach (Skid Row), Stephen Pearcy (Ratt). By the way, it's loud. Real loud. Don't be ashamed to bring earplugs. The place is decked out with drum kits and gas cans as light fixtures, choppers and checkered flags, leather, studs, and hair. Lots of hair. The female bartenders are friendly and quick to serve. They have food, but the music is so loud, I don't think you could taste it. I can't give a thorough report because I haven't had any of the food, but they have wraps, sandwiches, pizzas, pastas, etc. I paid $7 for a well vodka, but it was a very heavy pour. Some may think a $7 vodka is a little pricey, but consider this: there typically is no cover for these the amazing shows they bring in. You're being taxed on the drinks because the shows are free. It's still a mystery to me how this is fiscally feasible. But I love it and I believe in Danny Koker's project. There are shows four nights every week. The website concert listing (http://www.vampdvegas.com/shows/) is very impressively kept up-to-date and tidy and the gigs are booked well in advance. Very organized for a bunch of metal heads. You can also make table reservations from the website, which I do recommend if you want a table because the joint often fills up on concert nights. On my last visit, Count's Vamp'd owner Danny Koker and his band Count's 77 performed. Mostly cover and a few originals. Koker announced just that night that they had just been signed to a label. Good job Danny and crew. I hope Vamp'd is around for a long while. Death to all butt metal.#offthestrip #musicvenue
2	Being a fan of Count Kustoms, my husband & I decided to visit Count Vamp'd. I'm sad to report that we were very disappointed. No one greeted us or was anyone in sight. We actually had to walk inside to flag someone down.  We had to wait for about 30min for our food. Fortunately, they redeemed themselves, because the food was very good & worth the price. Waitress was pleasant but would have been nicer to have that awesome experience from the get go. Such a high profile place, but not standing up to the expectations of us fans. I wish it could have been better.
1	Took a 30 dollar cab ride there for lunch feb 11 /14 got there  and there were 4 people in there got a drink went outside to sit and eat sat there over a hour never seen the girl bartender again watched lots of people come in and walk out .we decided to leave had to wait to pay our bill WORST place in vegas . went next door to hash a go go had a 145.00 lunch excellent. Took a 30.00 cab ride back to our hotel. DONT go to vamps.
2	This was our first visit here and it seemed great and nice but coming in early when they open still doesn't account for a lack of staff members to accommodate for guests. We arrived and sat down at 11:30am and got our chips'n salsa 35min later. Then another 45min for our food to arrive. Almost pushed the envelope of just walking out and choosing another place to eat. Food wasn't bad but what else after waiting an hour and twenty minutes for food in an otherwise empty restaurant. Now, as I write this we're done with our food and almost 2hrs in this place we've been put on the waiting table again just for the bill. This place may be popping other times of the day when more staff are in but it does not mean you shouldn't have enough staff at any time your open.  The two stars are only for the service and waiting times otherwise the food itself is nothing to Bragg about so it gets a 3.5 for food and drinks.
1	I can't believe we came off the strip for this! We got there only 30 minutes after opening. First no one bothered to come greet us at the door for almost 10 minutes to let is know it's open seating. There were only 2 tables with people sitting and no one at the bar drinking. Yet it took 1 hour and half to get our food. They forget our chips and salsa and we had to remind them and the waitress had the gall to lie and say they bake them fresh. The chips were hard and tasted stale but we were starving so we ate them. After 45 minutes of waiting for our food the, I think, manager came out to say he didn't like how the food looked so he had them remake it and that's why it's taking so long. But 10 minutes earlier our waitress said they lost our ticket and that's the reason it was taking so long. Great how the lies just roll off their tongues. The food was mediocre. If it was bad I would have just walked out. Then when the bill came, there wasn't even a discount and we had to ask considering how long we waited, we only got 20% off. Ridiculous!!! If you want to go this place just take a picture from the outside. Don't bother going in!
4	If you are a beer drinker..get the bucket of beers to save a few bucks.  I had the patty melt and it was delicious.   I seen someone's beef sandwich and it looked great.  Lots of meat.   As far as the music.  It rocked!  Drove from Cali to Vegas to see the show here.  Danny the owner did not skimp out on the sound quality.   It was top notch!   Girls..If you like rocker men..you will like this place!    Reserve a table 2 weeks in advanced
2	I was really looking forward to Count Vamps big fan of the show.  Over all its a cool place.  We went for lunch so it was kinda empty. The deco is cool; the food was very disappointing.  U can tell everything is pre made & heated nothing was freshly made.
1	Atmosphere is kind of awesome...cool bikes inside, neat decorations.  Waitstaff was rude.  Cute but rude.  Way understaffed also.  1 hour wait for food on a slow saturday afternoon.  Has potential, but maybe the count should stick to building wicked chops and hot rods..
3	A big fan of this place. I check the web site often to see up coming shows. The Absolute Best is a Led Zepplin cover band "The Moby Dicks". These guys ROCK.Counts 77, Danny's band, is fun, they turn it on ! BUT Last week, March 8th, my wife and I set out for a late night to see The Moby Dicks, and half way through the set, Danny jumped on stage to do weak karaoke Led Zepplin, with a very capable lead singer twiddling his thumbs !  ?!%$&@?$&@!!!I didn't show up for this. I showed up for The Moby Dicks. That's what was scheduled, that's what I want. Pissed off, I left Immediately, with a bad taste in my mouth. Danny, I am a Fan, loved you on Letterman, you killed it, but PLEASE stick with your show line-up.
1	Went for a show recently,  and to check it out. Doors opened at 9:00 pm so we decided to eat on the patio. Service was almost nonexistent. When we finally were served the food was mediocre. This place is filled with the much older crowd going thru a mid life crisis. The opening act started setting up around 10:00pm. We were told that the main act wouldn't start playing till 11:30 to 12:00am. ...With the bar so crowded and under staffed to get a drink we decided to leave. Vampd isn't big enough inside to have any kind of show that isn't like sardines in a can. Service was terrible and we won't be back.
4	Easy to find, great staff, and very cool environment. They have a very large speaker set up, but we were there during the day for lunch, so I didn't get to experience the volume that i'm sure that system is capable of!!  Food was good and cheap. definitely a good place to eat if your into 80's hair metal!!
2	This is the most disorganized place on the planet! I ordered 3 vodka/tonics & got two for $16. I explained to the bartender that I had ordered 3 drinks & it took over 15 minutes to get the third drink & it was wrong.  The heavy pour only shows that the bartenders have as little respect for their employer as they do their craft. The music is the only saving grace to this tornado.
2	The good:  great music - great cars - a fun place to hang out with friends. The bad:  horrible service - severely understaffed and apathetic:  We waited an hour for our waitress to NEVER take our order.  Finally went to the bar and ordered.  They confused our order and we only received part of it.  The worst problem:  when I tried to pay my tab, the waitresses ignored me (not just 1 but 3 waitresses and one man which I assume was a manager).  I waited over 30 minutes at the bar asking staff continuously for my check (they were holding my credit card).  They would just look at me, ignore me, then walk off. This is unforgivable.  I won't be back.
5	Great food, atmosphere, staff.  Videos kept us entertained during the meal.  Great fun!  Would have liked a menu as a souvenir, but staff said no.  Something to think about for a take away. Great place to go to!
3	Extremely average food. Good fries! I had the patty melt. Service was ok. The girl that waited on us was very sweet but kept forgetting stuff. Super sweet though. No big deal. We went at lunch so no live music which was totally fine. The music that was on was 80's rock with video. We LOVED THAT. HAVEN'T SEEN VIDEOS IN A LONG TIME!! One of the waitresses son was there, toddler. Super cute!
3	Here at 1:30 And Placed is pretty empty only 5 tables. Been waiting a long time for a beer. Hope food comes out soon also
4	I'm here about once a month when my friends band plays. Sometimes it's insanely crowded and you'll have to wait a bit for a drink, but not too long. Sometimes it's empty. Either way, the security guys there are not dicks like other venues I've been too. The bartenders are all female, attractive and never seem to be in a foul mood. Their sound system is by far the best in Vegas for a local venue. It like being at House of Blues or The Joint, but in a much more smaller place. I do however, miss being able to smoke inside when it was called Feelgoods a few years ago. About 90% of the shows I've gone to are free.
5	Felt at home finally found a rock and roll place. I will return people were friendly a helpful. If you want a good time with good music and good atmosphere try it out.
3	When I first walked in with my family for lunch around 2pm we were all shocked at how horrible the service was. We casually looked around for someone to either seat us or tell us to sit down. We eventually had a usual customer tell us to sit down. When we sat down we said hello to a few of the workers who blatantly ignored us. After 10 minutes, a woman approached us to take our order. We almost left because of the wait and employee's attitudes, but we decided to give it a chance since we watch Counting Cars. The food was actually good. Atmosphere was great. And our waitress actually turned out to be pretty nice. Give this place a try, just make sure to expect not so friendly staff.
5	I was here last Friday and really enjoyed it. NTwo bands played tribute to Alice in Chains and Pantera and were both great musicians. They lit up the place. You can find a lot of regulars which are so friendly and make you feel like one of them. I highly recommend it
4	Came to see Puddle of Mudd last month, and to check the place out. Service was great, food was better than expected and Kristen was very good about checking in with us frequently to see if we needed anything. The joint was pretty busy, too. Great venue for live music (although small, it's comfortable enough) - next time we're in Vegas, we'll go back for more!
4	Stopped by here to have a few drinks with some local friends and ended up having a blast. The band Smashing Alice was great. The chicken wings were insane, I didn't expect that kind of goodness from a bar. They were so good I put one between my dates boobs and had to eat my way out. If you like your beer cold, your food delicious, and your cocktail waitress' busty and attentive then do I have a place for you.
5	Love this place best rock and roll joint in Las Vegas the food is awesome the servers are awesome the people are awesome
5	I love vampd!The venues rock, great local bands as well as big name bands.Food does not disappoint ever...buffalo wrap and there pizza, yum!THE PEOPLE WHO WORK THERE ARE AWSOME!Hands down funnest rockin vibe EVER!
5	Awesome vibes all around!!! My husband and I watch the Counting Cars on the tube and he really wanted to stop in here on my first venture to Vegas!! Chris was our awesome bartender with a killer personality who i immediately clicked with. Still had hungover from last night and not knowing what I would like Chris asked appropriate questions and served me a perfect drink!! Here's a toast to "on her"
4	danny i am a big fan of vamps , but please do something about the service !!!!!!!
5	We went look for a place to eat after church this afternoon and glad we stumbled upon this spot!! No wait. Such a cool ambience. I would love to come back during the evening while a band is playing and check out the scene then. The food was great!! We came with a party of 10 and everyone's food was perfect. I got the fish and chips, I have never had fish battered the way they did it but it is my new favorite! And the fries are out of the world good! I wish I knew my servers name cause he was super sweet! We will be back for sure!! Keep up the awesome job!
5	This is a great place to catch a show; we went out multiple times to catch the Sin City Sinners back when Zach Throne was fronting, and we were exceptionally pleased each time. The sound is great, the beer selection was stimulating, and the service was exceptional.The food is quite good, and the portions are a lot better than you'd expect for the price in Vegas. Most of the sandwiches are under ten dollars, come with fries, and are delicious, so you can't go wrong. I also sampled the Pink Floyd Pasta and it was delightfully spicy and, once again, an excellent portion.The beer selection is about average for Las Vegas; they have Guinness on tap, and that's often our go-to beer for live music, but they had a healthy range of options for other tastes, as well. They were all poured with a smile or brought to our table by a friendly face, so the service matches the food and the feel of the place.If you like your music loud, sit nearer the stage. If you don't like your music loud, don't come here for a concert--it's a rock club, and it's proud of it. I suppose their blues bands might not be as interested in melting faces as the remainder of their acts, but those aren't who I came to see (though if I was going to see a blues band in Las Vegas, I'd take Vamp'd over the House of Blues any day of the week).A word of advice: if you want a table during a concert, be sure to reserve it. Usually they'll take reservations a day or so in advance, but call maybe a week ahead of time and see if they'll take it for you. It's nice to have a place to put your beer down during songs, because you don't want to spill any whilst rocking out.
