3	Was here for the oh so very "soft" opening... Very nice, upscale, but small nightclub. I'm still undecided if this belongs on my 3rd Tier Nightclubs (i.e. Pure, The Bank), or 2nd Tier (i.e. Tao, Haze, Vanity)... 1st/Top Tier being places like XS, Surrender, and Marquee of course :) But I'm gonna go ahead and lean Chateau towards a 2nd Tier club for now, and will be back of course when I am less drunk!
2	Nothing spectacular here. No one was on the dance floor, everyone was just standing around staring at each other awkwardly. It reminded me of high school but everyone was in their early thirties and dressed to the nines. Probably not a good place for twenty-somethings. Because we don't care about anything, we did some dancing by ourselves with the awkward people watching and FINALLY people started to join us, but it wasn't that fun. The DJ wasn't great. Glad we left.
2	My friends and I went to the grand opening on Saturday night and despite being on guestlist with a VIP host, they had us stand in the general admission line. That was strike 1! :-( Once we got to the front of the line, we found out our host lied to us and cover was $50 for guys and $40 for the ladies. Since we had already stood in line for an hour, we decided to fork over our money. That was strike 2! :-( I'd NEVER been to a Vegas nightclub grand opening before and the LONE bright spot was world famous DJ Samantha Ronson and Drake performing. As my friend Jenna pointed out, the balcony reminded her of Pure. I probably won't be back until they get their stuff together for the ladies and the locals.
3	I've been to several nightclubs so far and this one would probably rank towards the bottom of them.  Like Charles L., I went to the soft opening party.  This was the most unorganized night club I have ever been to.  The ghetto bars where I'm from had more intelligent VIP Hosts than this place.  We were on the guest list and each Host told us a different line to go in.  After losing our place 4 or 5 times we finally got in the right line, only for another guest list line to form next to us and those people were let in first (Guest List, NOT Table line, or else I would understand).The inside of the club was small, the dance floor literally seemed like a hallway.  Kim Kardashian was there (still never have understood the hype on celebrities, especially ones with the intellect of a 5th grader and are only famous because Mommy and Daddy) which caused the place to become packed as it was I'm guessing.Later on through the night Mr. Nick Cannon showed up and decided since he was famous he could DJ...bad choice mystro.  He talked the whole time, trying to get everyone to scream.  His method of djing was let me talk...play a song...then I'll talk some more....then backspin and stop the track....talk some more...then Ill start a new track.  Im sorry but I like to dance and DJs like that are no better than iTunes to me. The other DJs were great though, but NIck Cannon please stick to your Nickelodeon acting and being married to the hot cougar, cause man DJing ain't yo thang.This place got 3 stars because the patio was AWESOME!  Much better vibe outside, and the DJ in my opinion was much better and should of been playing inside.  They had French Maids everywhere dancing which was pretty sexy in my opinion.  The drinks weren't too bad as far as night clubs go, $9 for a beer/$12 for cocktails (I have been to clubs where its $13 for a damn beer.  You have a gorgeous view of the strip, nice VIP tables surrounded by modern fire pits.  On top of the bar located in the center of the patio was another dance floor which was closed (they were still constructing it from what I was told).Chateau was definitely a good time, however I think their are better night clubs you could go check out on the strip.  But as others have said I think I will wait to go back when they have been open for awhile and are more organized.
4	I had a great time at the soft opening.  yeah the line to get in was quite daunting but it was an opening.  Comes with the territory.  It was my sister's 30th so I sucked it up and just got tipsy at the outside bar while waiting for the bottle service to fill up.  All in all I liked that it was overwhelming and the music was awesome.  Got some great dancing in and to top it off, I thought service was excellent.
1	Are there any clubs in LV that have a somewhat selective crowd?  Or is it just jammed and crammed with anyone that will pay?This could have been a boutique gem.  Everyone said it's one of the dudes from Pure.  Big deal.  That's yesterday's news and was a money grab too living off some opening night reviews circa 2004.Any place attached to a $25 a throw lollipop store is in for one thing.....the dough.Crowded.  2 to 1 Guy to Girl ratio which seemed a lot worse for the girls than the guys.Spare me.  If you are the ultimate consumer then rush your dollars to this place.  And the Paris is an inconvenient middle of the road pisshole.
4	currently a Las Vegas local and i tend to go clubbing at least once a week or so when my girls are available. i don't think the reviews give enough credit to this club. i had a great night with my girlfriends here. i gave Chateau 4 stars because I'm really big on the music. if you don't play good music, we won't have fun.so their lines... they need to get that organized. we had to ask 4 different people and they directed us all the wrong way. none the less, we found the general admission line. we were on the guest list but apparently they had no guest list line so we just waited here. one host was smart enough and noticed us in the line and asked if our entire party was here and if it was only girls. he took us out of the general admission line, walked us outside near the steps passed the elevators and then there was a line outside which only had 3 people in front of us. we got in for free and 1 free drink ticket woot. their drinks BTW are pretty strong.balcony had an amazing view a bit crowded tho. their tables are way too small... not even worth it for the 500 bucks a bottle. I'd recommend XS for that... dance floor is kinda small and near the end of the night there were too many guys and we had to leave cuz no matter where we went a guy would be creeping behind us or getting in the way of our dancing. i would say there are better clubs out there that walk their ladies in but i had a good night and because of that host, we weren't grumpy from the wait. but I'd recommend if you come here don't go with guys.
5	Had a blast, the patio was awesome! Supposedly they are opening up another patio under the eiffel tower soon I can't wait for that.
3	I actually fairly enjoyed it, the bottle service was "reasonable" compared to other clubs and the patio was nice. Not really anyplace to dance though.. Was their an inside? If there was it was not obvious or shown. I dont really like the bathroom setup and as usual the bouncers were assholes for no reason.
2	Showed up around 1. The door guys were great, no hassles, showed love, yay. Went inside, The place was a zoo. I mean it was crazy moving from end to end, the bar was hard to find, and it seemed to have more guys then usual. I met my friend, we had a drink and bounced. I put most of this 2 star on my no sleep for 3 days mood so I feel compelled to give it another shot, but from what alot of these other reviews say, I'm kinda spot on.
2	I'm giving Chateau Nightclub 2 stars because I know that they have the potential to do much better.  They play great music and there is an incredible view from the balcony, but I have to agree with other Yelpers that Chateau is poorly laid out and the lines and front door staff are unorganized.  I've been to Chateau 4 times since they've opened and am hopeful that the 5th time will be the charm!
3	Chateau, the inside of your club is gorgeous. Your outside seating area, simply posh. The music inside baaangin (Dj Casanova seriously knocked our socks off.)Nowww why you're only getting 3 stars.You are definitely a new club. Which is okay, you just have to work out your kinks. The major one? YOUR BATHROOMS. Have you ever heard of the term "breaking the seal?" Well, it refers to the point where after you drink, you have to go to the bathroom. Several times at that, in a short period of time. Breaking the seal is not good in fact highly unadvised at Chateau. Why? Because they make you stand in a 30-45 minute long line (not an exaggeration) as they let one person at a time go to the bathroom, go in behind them to check the bathroom, make you wait if the bathroom is stinky I guess and then let you proceed.  All for the sake of being fancy. And they're serious about it too, they have 2 attendants 1, to check it the second to pull back the black tape and allow you to proceed, and a bouncer. Wow. Just wow. I saw 3 guys take an empty ice bucket from the VIP table right by the line and all three of them peed in it. I ish you not. And I do not blame them for a second. You are a night club, not a country club. After the first 30 minute wait I vowed to not drink another drink in fear of further seal breakage as did some other poor guys who I was talking to in line. If your alcohol sales aren't as high as you hoped, that's why. Truly truly ridiculous. Kink 2: ...  oh.  I guess that was it.  Anyhoo, you were definitely the place to be Friday night!  Fix that bathroom bs and you'd b e perrrfect :)
4	This place has a nice balcony. It's by no means the classiest of clubs but not the sleeziest of clubs either. I'd go back. The heat lamps are great and it has a nice view of the strip. They could use some more seating and parts area little over crowded.  It's a fun place to go dancing with the girls.
2	Let's get straight to the point here:1. Dance Music 3/10, more music to bop in place to than really get down2. Open space. There is none. You can dance in the 3ft areas around the bar- where EVERYONE is trying to cram in to get a drink - or- go to the teeny tiny dance floor on the first floor. The rest of the place (90%) is table service.3. Bathroom Line. They have 2 bathrooms with a bouncer. They have to check the bathroom every time someone comes out. There was only 2 people in front of me, thankfully- and it took about 15 min to get in. 4. They do not have water for you to drink. You have to BUY $6 water. Who denies someone of water?!? It may not be illegal, but it should be!If it wasn't free, I would never come here again. Heck, I'd prob pay $20 to go somewhere else.
4	Love this place! I'm not a fan of house music so this is definitely the spot for those who only like hip & hop. While the inside isn't particularly memorable, the outdoor patio is gorgeous and never too crowded. The lights, decorations, and strip view create a posh and warm environment. I can't comment on the lines since the first time I had a contact get me in, and the second time we purchased bottle service and also got walked in. Stay on top of them when it comes to bottle service. I understand I got a great deal during the Pacquiao fight night, but if you're gonna hook it up, then do it right. Don't give me a shitty small table in the back corner away from all the action and keep messing up my bill. Luckily, our host was very accommodating once confronted and ended up switching us to a really nice spot on the patio.Kesha performing was a great perk! And probably since it's still new, the crowed is more chic with nice eye candy.
5	Was in Vegas last month for work, I checked out this spot on a Wed night. Let me just share it was "off the chain!!!" Got there about 12:30 and left about 2:30?? I was with some work friends and we where all stunned by the place. Make sure you are on the list or made a connection to just walk right in to avoid the line and cover charge. The club itself is not that big, but the beauty (the women where gorgeous) of what's inside, more than make up for the size. What caught me off guard, was the outdoor patio. It has a great view of Caesars Palace, the Bellagio and you can can look up and down the Las Vegas Blvd at all the lights of the other casinos. The music on the patio was a banging (maybe it was industry night and the DJ was doing his thing) and everyone seemed to be dancing and having a great time, the music on the inside of the club which had a different vibe, was just as good. So no matter where you decided to post up, you where bound to move your body. Fellas, make sure "you got your game on point" to talk to any of the ladies there. Ladies, make sure you dress and shoe game is "fly" because the waitresses have on the French Maid outfits  and their bodies and looks will catch any real man's attention. I wish I could tell you how much the drinks cost (all on corporate card), but they where nice and strong!I am sure there are other nights in which this place is just as hot!!, and I guess on my return, I may find out, but if I am in town on a Wed anytime soon, the Chateau is where I will be...btw, its in the Paris Casino!!
5	I had an event with a group called "Bloggers in Sin City" where we were tasting fondue etc at the Sugar Factory chocolate lounge right below Chateau. The host Dennis approached us with his card and after going to Absinthe for a show, we followed up with him. He got us a great table with plenty of space around it to dance on the patio overlooking Bellaggio and he hooked us up with highly affordable bottle service on 2 Skyy Vodka's. I was pleasantly surprised by how efficient and non-pretentious the experience was, considering it was impromptu and not planned in advance and considering we had a large group. It went very smoothly and the service staff was highly attentive and friendly. The door staff was efficient at getting us in by communicating with Dennis and whoever else, they seem to have a good system there. Pleasant experience, we were all very happy.
1	I came and paid the $20 to see Akon perform this past Saturday (May 28). I was PO'ed and only stayed for 20 mins before I went back to my hotel room (my friends toughed it out a little longer than that--maybe an hour).Why did I vacate so quickly?They let WAY too many people in--much more than what is acceptable. People were literally getting trampled and there was barely room to stand let alone dance. I would've been happier if they had just said they were at capacity. Doesn't help that the bouncers were douche-y and that Chateau is only one level (and you have to walk up a spiral staircase to get there).It was my WORST experience while in Vegas, and totally wasn't worth my money or time. I could've had more fun at XS, or even Pure that night.
4	place is pretty fun, put yourself on the list... walk right in.... pretty dope night club... i like the outside open air overlooking city center..... hott hotties here.... deff check it out..
4	Pop em bottles son!! I really enjoyed this place and thought it was a good value.  It's not as drop dead gorgeous as XS, but the place is a bit easier to get into and the huge patio is quite stunning.  We got a table with 3 bottles for very reasonable price.  If you like hip hop, this is the place to be.  The crowd was ok.. i always make sure to bring my own crowd so I usually have fun anywhere we end up.  I'd definitely come back.  I actually prefer this place to Marquee (over-rated in my opinion).
2	So not impressed with this place on a Friday night.We were able to get on the guest list a little too easily...this should have been our first sign.  We got there and had no wait in line...another sign.  We get in and there was hardly anyone in there.  The decor is just blah...  From the lighting, the place appeared black on black on black with a splash of yellow light.  Just weird.  The music was also strangely un Vegas like.The positives:  We were able to easily and quickly get to the bar for drinks, the go-go dancers were pretty, and we could quickly and easily exit when we finished our 1 and only drink.Seriously doubt we will be returning to Chateau anytime in the near future.
2	This club does have a lot of potenial, but it needs work. The door guys could have a little more personality. They seem to either really hate their job or they are just mean people. The inside is very pretty, I love the globe lamps, they are super cool. The place was pretty empty, we just sat at a table and had a few drinks drinks. We didn't have a server but the bartender was cool and a young man came buy our table and clear empty glasses. The really bad part was the voluime. The music was too loud. I know it's a club and that the music is usually loud but this was beyond normal. My girlfriends and I were shouting the whole night to the point we were hoarse the next day. I had to leave after about an hour because I could not deal with it. I literally felt ill after leaving. I felt like I was car sick. My insides were shaking from the music, it was too much.
5	Had a blast here. Don't quite understand the other reviews. Yes part of is an outdoor club and whoever went there to get there free drink and left did not get a chance to see the INDOOR part of the club.Best of all, they let you in and out. After I got my drink on, then my dance on, I was able to go outside for a break into the casino, gamble a bit and go right back into the action. Music was great.To me, it's all about setting and atmosphere. Everything was great here. And nobody was a dick as far as security and service.5/5.
1	What a HORRIBLE experience!  The dance floor was like a moshpit with angry, ugly people.  The lines at the bar were 5+ deep and not moving anywhere.  The layout makes it impossible to get from one area to another.The ONLY upside is that on the outdoor patio there is a great view of the fountains at Bellegio and of the eiffel tower.
1	Methinks not indeed. This place pretty much embodies everything that can be bad about a nightclub. Lots of staff milling about and almost all are rather rude. Lines at the bar are ridiculously deep. DJ not good. But the worst thing is the layout. Everything is so smushed that you literally cannot get anywhere. And they do definitely fill this place way beyond capacity. You can't even think of dancing when you are packed in closer than the GA section of a concert. And while the patio area could be neat, it takes 30 minutes to get there when the dance floor is packed. And then you can't even experience the view as everything is all roped off and reserved tables only. This could not have been less fun.
5	I don't know how anyone can give this below a 4 star rating. As I read the other reviews I see that most of the problems are fixable. Yes the dance floor is a mosh pit (So don't go inside) the bar was 5+ deep (there's a bar outside), "and you have to walk up a spiral staircase to get there" (Or you can enter from the 2 outside staircases.... jeeze louise! Babies.I celebrated the wrap of the Miss USA pageant here and it was fantastic here, good drinks, good people, and good music; but I give the 5 stars because I was in Vegas for a month and I found myself here almost 3 times a week. A great release from the PH and it's "Living Room" and "Pussycat Lounge" (look at my reviews, the quickie is, the LR is like a bad Rap Club; and Pussycat is like a strip club). It's not the best of the best, but if you want a club to go to that has a great view, open space, and a place to hang out with friends without being harassed then come here. The security are also really cool here, I had a dance off with a few others and after I was done, the security guard jokingly asked "why'd you stop? I was about to jump in there!".Well done Paris, I'll see you next year.Enjoy!
4	I believe this is my first club experience in Vegas (Blush at the Wynn is more of a lounge to me than a nightclub). Place is nicely decorated to the French theme with hot French maids dancing. The music was okay for me since I didn't recognize a lot of the songs (they were a bit older songs) but it was still fun. We got friends with bottle service so the staff was very fast at restocking and careful in cleaning wet areas at the table. It was a chill environment at bottle service area and a poppin environment on the dance floor. I would come again!
5	I love this place. My least favorite experience here involved spending 15 minutes to get from one side of the club to the next and it was still a great experience simply because New Kids on the Block were there. I've been to several events at this club (including a movie screening which was surprisingly awesome) and it's always been a fun time. The music is usually pretty good, the drunks seem pretty happy, and the bottle service was kind of amazing. I was here for a friend's birthday and I am completely spoiled now after that table experience (they might have been great simply because her face was on the flyer for that party but I like to think that they're just always that wonderful). The performers I've seen here were great and the layout is pretty rectangular and open. I love the terrace because it's great to get away from the smoke and noise every once in a while and it's a completely different atmosphere (equally fab). This is one of the ONLY clubs in town that I come to repeatedly just for the hell of it.P.S. For those of us who are morbidly curious, I asked security how many girls fall flat on their faces at the stairs per night (the answer was between four and five).
2	We went to chateau nightclub saturday night. Pamela Anderson was hosting & it was her birthday, so we decided to check it out. Had passes, so we got in for free. The decor of the club is really great. The outside/inside mix is also amazing. Drinks are also good. HOWEVER, this club had no dress code . anyone with slippers got into this club. I dont think they checked any ID's at the door that night. Place was full of kids bouncing up & down on the dance floor. The mix of the crowd was insanel, there were grandparents grabbing drinks at the bar.Enforce a dress code & dont let everybody that comes to door in & we will be back.
1	Too, too crowded! Drinks are ridiculously overpriced and not strong nor particularly large. Hated the inside part of the club so we spent the majority of the evening outdoors. Nicki Minaj was supposed to be there the night we were there but she never showed. Thank goodness we didn't pay to get in! Hooray for being a girl in Vegas. No it's not fair but neither is life.
5	hmmm.. I'm not sure why there's a bad review on this club. You can go to Tao, Pure. playboy/moon and other clubs outhere and there's nowhere to sit and it's damn expensive... You gots to have a bottle service just like Chateau. Price is reasonable and yeap for those that got in for free that's great and good to know that you can do that 'coz mostly other clubs from big hotels you cannot do that. And as for the bar, same thing on other clubs, there's always a long line... I give this place a 5 star. I had a greattime.. And just so you know, other clubs on those big hotels there's also no where to dance 'coz they got pack and yeap the worst you can do is dance in front of bottle service table. huh!!!
1	You know the club is suffering if they are handing out wristbands right outside Paris. Girls get in for free with wristbands and guys do too... just as long as the guys get in before midnight. After midnight? Tough luck. Be ready to cough up $30. I would save my money and try my luck at a different club. Plenty of other better clubs in Vegas. Save your time & money.
3	Got in for free so I can't really complain much. Club was alright. It is nice how they have an inside and an outside. The inside is a bit small and the dance floor is awkwardly set up but when you are drunk it doesn't really matter. The outside is pretty nice. There is a nice view of the strip. There are bars inside and outside as well. I remember having to go to the bathroom so bad and when I got there there was a line of like 20 people... slowest moving line ever....
2	DJ Casanova sucks and blows at the same time.  It would have been better if they had an ipod dj. Hate his look and his smug attitude. Horrible mixes.  Came here to see Nicki Minaj and waited 5 hours before deciding to just skip it because they let the place get so packed that people started passing out from the heat.
4	My friends and I went to Chateau after Marquee got wayy to packed. It was just walking distance from our hotel so it was convenient. If you're a girl, you are most likely going to get in for free so that's a plus. I really liked the decor and layout but like most places, it got really crowded after 1. The DJ was awesome! Even though my feet were dying I couldn't help but dance. Worth checking out if your club/bar hopping.
2	For being my first time and a local, I liked the outside patio, as for inside the dance floor gets cramped. A 20 minute wait for the bathroom even when you buy $550 bottle device of Sky vodka that is ridiculous. I was not too impressed with the service and wouldn't recommend it. For that price go elsewhere.
3	You just wanna dance? Great. This is one of the places to come, that has great hip-hop music, not a lot of house.. which I'm personally not a fan of. I gave it a 3 rating because I hated how small it was. There was NO where to sit, not even on edges or anything. And if you wanted to go to the bathroom, well.. There's only two.. for both men and women and so could you imagine the wait of the line if you really had to go?And also, by 2 a clock, most of the people were gone. It emptied out so quick. Maybe they found a better club to go to, I should have done the same thing.
2	We spent $2,000 on a large table for 13 of us for a 30th bday. The ENTIRE night, the waitress was whining about wanting more than the 20% tip we had already given.  To make her stop being so rude and unprofessional, we gave her an additional 50 bucks (on top of the 300) to be nice. She made some snippy remark and kept whining.I have purchased tables at many clubs and this by far was the most rude, stuck-up, annoying waitress I have EVER had. Save your money and pay the extra to go to Marquee or XS. It is worth it. The only thing that I liked was the hip-hop music in the main club. It was good!
4	They were handing out wristbands/free drink tickets during the day so me and Amber D. went up to check this place out. It was so cute and Parisan :) Got our drinks (which were poured perfectly) and sat down. Spent 10 minutes there and decided to take our drinks to-go. 4 stars for the free drinks. Not sure if I would come back at night.
4	Vegas Nightclub with a Great PatioThe inside is pretty stuffy as most nightclubs are, not my cup of tea.  The patio is great as the bar is easily accessed and there is music and dancing with beautiful views.  There are tables both inside and out available for bottle service though the people on the patio are much more friendly and willing to offer a seat in exchange for conversation.. who knew?
1	Watch what they pour vs what they charge. Will charge for top shelf while only pouring rail.Got wristbands for a free drink. Once inside we were told there weren't any. Packed, uncomfortable. Ugh. Would never go back.
3	I really liked this place. We came here for a bachelor party and had a VIP Package that we arranged in advance so we didn't have to wait in line, stay inside (which is too crowded - fire hazard kind of crowded), or pay for cover.We arrived around 12:30-1am on a Saturday night and the place was a live and busy. The outdoor patio is the best area overlooking the strip and Bellagio across the street. There are some private spaces to rent out but they didn't seem worthwhile (I don't know the prices though).This place was definitely filled with a ton of single guys searching for ladies to take home... but isn't that every club in Vegas?Secret tip - there are bathrooms inside near the entrance. The line for the bathroom outside was easily a 20 minute wait. To get to the bathroom inside, you do have to shove your way through the mob on the dance floor -- and it is PACKED.We had fun!
5	Just went last Friday and had the time of my life. Hostess way very helpful. Highly recommend for bachelor and bachelorette parties.
2	Absolutely one of the worst bars/ clubs I have been to in Vegas. I was walking the Strip with a group of 8 girls for my friend's Bachelorette party scavenger hunt and we were invited to come inside by one of the outside club promoters. Of course, never being to Chateau I thought I would give it a chance. Boy were we wrong!  The clients in this establishment aren't very friendly as well as the bar tenders. We all received wristbands for free drinks and the bar tenders repeatedly told us there weren't any. My friend Check-ed in her for the free drink deal and once again. The establishment failed! So after our terrible experience with rude people and bartenders on the outside 2nd floor we went inside to see what type of music was being played and to dance. The floors in the entire club were sticky which made it impossible to dance. This proves that the owners and help really arent interested in providing a first class night time experience.There are way better places to go too besides this one. The girls and I ended up walking over to Gallery and had a way better time there.
4	My friends and I were given free cocktails by a promoter. Def not turning that down. We sat outside, had our drinks and watched the Bellagio water show. It was awesome. Big fan of this place.
2	Nothing impressive for being a newer club in Las Vegas!!! I honestly expected more. We had bottle service because they play hip hop and Nelly just happen to be performing...yea i said it Nelly...good job Chateau, i'm glad i was able to hear all that "new" music he has out....
3	It's true what people in Vegas say, it's who you know.  My girl friend and I decided to have a night of pure dancing and fun on the Strip.  So, we met up with my cousins at Paris in Chateau Night Club.  We got there a little later than anticipated so my cousins were already inside.  Entrance fee if you are not on any sort of guest list is $30 per person.  I actually thought local girls were always free.  I ended up having to hustle the door man in to reducing the price, who might I add was a really beautiful door man.We finally get in and it was a sea of people who were trying to dance but because it was so damned packed they look like seaweeds going with the flow of the ocean.  We get to the bar after 15 minutes of fighting with the crowd and ordered two Long Island Iced Teas.  The total for two drinks came out to $30.  Imagine that, two drinks and it cost $30.  I'm getting too old for this.Thirty minutes pass and we finally get to the bar where my cousins were at and the fun finally begins.  There's definitely a lot of places to roam around to but the crowd was just too much for me to handle.  Because everyone's drunk everyone's friendly.  The highlight of the night was when Akon performed, came up to our table, came to my dance space and danced next to me.  But, all the butterflies fluttered away when other girls decided to shove me right out of the scene and danced with him.  Hey, five seconds of glory was just enough for me to have a smile on my face for the rest of the night.
4	I thought Chateau was great! I wouldn't normally go to one of the large Vegas clubs but we were invited by a friend and on the guest list so I decided to check it out. I had a REALLY good time. The club is nice, I do have to say it was on the crowded side and bathroom lines were long (even the guys line). I enjoyed the outdoor area that had great views of the strip. Drinks are on the pricey side. There was a performance by Ciara that was a nice surprise for me. I would recommend checking this place out. I also wrote more about Vegas restaurants, hotels and shows...and more importantly how to save money while there...more info at http://letsjetset.com
4	Fun club! Inside hip hop, outside that techno crap. More people inside then outside (Vegas, that should tell you something! Nobody likes techno/dance music. It's annoying!!)Annnnywho, went on a Friday night, got a glass (or cup I guess lol) of Patron and danced my little heart out. We only went outside to get air but once they started playing the jams, we went back in. We danced close to the bar because the middle was kinda crowded but everyone was having a great time in my party and in the club. Will definitely go back!
4	This place was legit.If you have connects then you in. The more women you bring, you're in.I like the atmosphere was this place as oppose to XS, TAO, Marquee, etc.. its small but i come to relax and party. Going to big ass club wears me the f*ck out especially diving through the insane amount of ppl. This place was chill and friendly.Saturday was Harry Potter night, i think. either that or i was super gone. Anyways good music, great atmosphere, wouldn't mind coming back. Big Props to Sway for hookin me and girl!
2	I know Vegas is expensive but holy mother to betsy my cocktail was $18! For the price you'd think it would be delicious, but it was not. I only finished it because I looked at my half full glass and said to myself "I can't leave $9 sitting there!" I'm not cheap, I just have high expectations when I spend my money, as all of us should. I'll pay through the nose for things that are delicious!Maybe I'm over the hill (in Vegas that's past the age of 25) or maybe I've just traveled enough to know what an amazing experience should feel like. All I know is that Chateau was not where it was at on that particular evening. The layout of Chateau is long and awkward so it doesn't make for the best customer experience. Something to think about when you're designing a club people! There were the usual go-go dancer girls in costume with their gorgeous bodies and all I could think when I looked at their boobs is "Does it hurt when you sleep on them? Or do they just feel like really thick water balloons?" Not making fun. Honest question!Best part of the night? Check-in on your Yelp app and you can get a free cocktail ticket at the door. The girls in our party got a free ticket right away while my BF was told to wait in another to get his ticket. It seems counterintuitive that you would offer something free to excite a possible reviewer, yet you run the risk of totally annoying the reviewer with a hassle. Something to think about for the future Chateau...Yelp 365 Challenge: #41/465 (The Water Balloons)
2	Chateau, or Shitbox as I call it, had potential with the space it occupies but they failed to execute. The layout inside is just horrible! Is there a dancefloor or isn't there?! And the tables are just stupid too. The only reason I didn't give it 1 star is because the outside patio area really is nice. But not enough to get me there even if you're giving me a free bottle on my Tuesdays off.
5	I am not a clubby kind of girl. I love this place because you can have the club experience or a lower key club experience outside. Which is what I prefer. We enter outside and twice we've gone and didn't pay either time. I was blown away  hearing horror stories from pricey covers! Their drink prices were average for Vegas. If and when I go back to Vegas, I'll for sure come back to chateau!
3	I have to admit that my review may just be a little bias because Pharrell personally handed me a glass of Qream from stage.  That alone made my weekend in Vegas.First and most important what I liked:Promoter Max was very responsive in helping me to arrange table service and tried to make the night extra special for my boyfriend's birthday.Love that there are three areas to lounge around and or dance in.  The outdoor patio was my favorite.  (Perfect for dancing or mingling with other guest) The drinks were reasonably priced.  (Not too high and definitely not dirt cheap.) It's Vegas we planned on spending money on overpriced drinks anyway.The staff was extremely friendly.My dislikes:Bottle service is a joke!  I would prefer a table minimum instead of bottle service not all my friends drink the same type of liquor.  We decided to cancel our bottle service at the last minute and had to wait in line for two hours just to get in as a paid customer (ridiculous and never again!)The line seemed disorganized and although the bouncers said there was perfectly good reasoning I did not see it.The main room is not set up for roaming nor dancing, again are they so money hungry that bottle service tables are literally in the middle of the dance floor?  Really.Sound system and DJ were terrible in main room.  Played hip hop but his transitions were terrible and he repeated a lot of songs in the 3 hour period I was there.In summary, while standing line I did notice that groups of 10-12 men were being let in swiftly because they were all buying bottles.  You could see this same culture inside the club tables of grown men drinking alone with no women at their table...sad days that this is what the club scene has come to.  It's like the men were afraid to leave their overpriced bottles to ask a woman to dance! The DJ on the rooftop was awesome and the sound system much better. This was definitely the place to be. I'd go back happily  if I did not have to wait in line.
3	I came here when Pharell performed last Saturday, which was priceless :) literally, since we didn't have to pay any cover.  I thought the venue was pretty small. I liked the outdoor bar area, which is the ONLY place you can sit down without having to order bottle service.If you want to go upstairs for the "Chateau Garden" you'll have to wait in line since there are only 2 elevators to transfer people from floor to floor. I thought the garden theme was pretty successful. They had dancers in swings and people in stilts as trees. They really went all out to get the garden theme. We actually stayed at the garden rooftop most of the time since the view was fantastic. You are dancing underneath the replica of the Eiffel Tower.. It's not Paris but it's still cool.
3	The cluster-fuck that occurs at the door (bottom of the stairs) is reminiscent of Prive 4 years ago.  No organization, people just crammed up and shoving, doormen taking their sweet ass time checking people in, confusion, no distinct lines.  I really thought I'd be trampled to death.  Anyway, finally in with bottle service.  Waitress wasn't that great, probably because we had comp'ed bottles so she was like whatever...but you still tip on comp'ed bottles, so it's not like she's not making money.  Dancefloor was way too packed but the music was good.  Hip hop/Top 40 inside and House outside.  The patio area was great, more spacious with a view of the strip.  Crowd was so-so, but a good mix.
2	Been here for the first time this weekend. I've been to every other club, but this was pretty small, just had a "hip hop" dance floor and an "house music" on the roof. Nothing special...My friend got VIP bottle service, and we were on the hip hop dance floor and just overlooked the dance floor which was nice. But I must admit, this place has the ugliest people in Vegas I've ever seen at a Vegas nightclub (been to Tao, Jet, Pure, Tryst, XS, The Bank, etc) and this like I said, is by far the ugliest people ever. I think since it's not one of the popular clubs that they let anyone in and don't discriminate. I'm not saying I'm hot stuff, but I'm saying for Vegas standards, the people here (especially guys, 1-10) were probably a 4 all around. I tried to drink to get beer googles, but the people weren't getting any prettier! Also it's like a low standard club or something, I saw some girls wearing JEANS and a top, and they still got in and they weren't hot...I would not come back just cause it's small and full of not good looking people. The music was good though. But it was okay. I say you go to a better night club in Vegas, so you can get that Vegas experience.
1	There was nothing I liked about this club. My friends and I came here after recieving wristbands in the Sugar Factory. We when we arrived  They seem to be a bit unorganized. Or the line is way long. Entrance and exit is by stairs. This seems lazy, but for those that are in heels and have been dancing the night away, an elevator or escalator would be nice. When I asked if there was an elevator, the guy told me for it's for handicapped. The place is tiny. The area they call the dance floor is packed with people. I've been here twice and never plan on going back again.
1	The host and bouncers here suck. The reason why I say that is because if a host tells and says it guarantee a price for a certain amount of people than they should honor. I asked the a host a simple question where is the guest list line? She replied how big is your group blah bottle service blah. So I informed her we had 25 people and she said well we have a buy one get one free bottle service tonight. So I asked how much and will it fit our group since Vegas does 5to1 on bottles. She told me 450 for 2 bottles and our own area. Great deal right???Wrong we waited in line than when we went up to pay they jacked up the price to 1k. Funny thing is they decided to cross some numbers out. No thanks buddy I got VIP at pure. So be warned if you get bottle service there.
2	This place is so so... Its pretty small, but its a nice venue.. They play good hip hop music in the main room, but it gets pretty packed.. The crowd is not really a good sight, Don't think I'll be back..
4	I enjoyed my time at Chateau Nightclub.  I was there the night Nick Cannon celebrated his birthday.  The bouncers at the lines were professional as we waited to enter the club.  Once inside the club, the coat check was reasonably priced.  There were plenty of bars to get drinks, so the lines were not too bad.  The DJs played good music inside and out.  I will return the next time I am in Las Vegas.
4	I've only been once, and it was during the Butterfly event. We got in free on the side, 3 girls and 2 guys.The place is lovely, and the "characters" throughout the garden were  so much fun! I don't know if it's always like that, or just for the Butterfly night. The bathroom was super easy to get through from the gardens, I don't know what everyone was talking about, maybe the downstairs is difficult?Service for drinks was fast, and prices were as much as everyone else on the strip, high!The outside area played house music, and the indoor played hip hop. I felt a bit claustrophobic on the hip hop side, but still felt safe.Overall, I'm really looking forward to going back!
1	This place is so small from the inside!!! I would hardly call it a club! Not worth it
1	got in here for free because we got on guestlist.  stayed here longer than we did at gallery in PH, but we were only here for maybe and hour or hour and a half.  the only reason it gets 1 star is becasue if you are outside, you get a pretty cool view of the show at the bellagio fountainsmusic was mostly top 40 and older top 40, which if you have read my other reviews, not really my type of music for a club.  their sound system here was horrible and it kept doing something where i thought someone was shooting a gun and it got very annoying after about 15 minutes.  didn't get any drinks here as the bartenders were super slow and didnt' even bother giving us any attention, so their loss.  just like at gallery, there were a lot of dudes here, not many girls, and the dudes there were mostly older guys or just typical douchebags.  the girls that were there just looked like gold diggers, and they weren't even that good looking.  I honestly feel like 90% of the people there would have raged and been very offended if the "DJ" played gold digger by Kanye West.  the inner dance floor was really small, and you always had D-bags trying to push there way through you if they saw a girl or just wanted to go be douchey at the bar together.  we went outside to get some fresh air and see how it was out there.  more room, but so many tables you can't really dance or anything out there.  in addition to that, dancing would be hard because their seperate DJ out there sucked and his music was something he must have ran by his deaf grandparents.  everyone out there was even more of a gold digger or douche so we just left and found other stuff to do with our nighti won't come back, even if it is for free.  the music sucked, the space sucked, and the people sucked even more.
3	Chateau was hosting a party sponsored by SUGAR. It was awesome they had goodies at the front. There weren't a lot of people at the club so promoters were letting people in free. Overall it is a nice club, but I'm not too fond of the layout. The dance floor is small and right in front of the doors. So if you want to walk to the bar, you have to maneuver your way through the people dancing. There are also a lot of seats but you can't sit there unless you buy bottles... so you stand or dance, which isn't bad but I wasn't too fond of the awkward layout and small dance floor.
5	It's a beautiful club, if your outside. You get a great view of the Eiffel Tower and the Bellagio fountains. Inside is very, very, very busy. So keeping that in mind there is limited space to dance. If you have a bottle and table it's great, but that goes without saying for just about any club in Las Vegas.
3	The club is alright, but maybe it was because I was with a group that didn't set my mood completely right.  The dance floor was pretty small especially when you consider they make the dance floor even smaller by putting up the ropes to make space for the people with bottle service.  DJs come and go so when I went they were playing hip hop.  The bathroom is spacious and easy to go and I don't have much to complain about especially since we got 4 girls and a group of like 7 guys in for free. I guess they were looking for more people get in there, period.  The layout the place kind of sucks because where people come in through a small narrow staircase people are also leaving, and security is always shining those god damned LED flashlights in your face to move along... but move along into where? Push myself into a crowd of gyrating sweaty assholes? Err.. thanks.  So what did we do? I ended up walking around outside which was nicer and had a bit more older and mature crowd outside in the fresh air under heat lamps...and that's when I saw a dwarf santa with devil eyes. I SWEAR TO GOD. That's pretty much the highlight of the place, so I ditched the rest of my group and ended up finding a place to grub after stumbling around going the longest way possible back to the hotel.
4	I've been to this club twice and I had fun both nights. The first time I went was on a Friday in September so it wasn't that cold yet at night and we were go outside without freezing. But when I went this past Tuesday, it was WAY too cold to stay outside. Especially since the dance floor is not that big to begin with, the place got pretty crowded. They have Candy Shop Tuesdays where the go-go's have colorful wigs and outfits on and they decorate with colorful lollipop columns. They also have two tables near the entrance with free candy and cotton candy from the Sugar Factory.It was an interesting crowd for Tuesday for sure. There were people dressed really casually in a t-shirt and jeans and then there were those who were for sure dressed for the cold in their North Face jackets. It was definitely not what I was expecting. I would be dancing in the middle of the dance floor and see all sorts of different people everywhere I turn. There were some creepers, but not too bad. Maybe because it was a Tuesday, but there were OLDER people there. That was funny. If you ever choose to go to this club, be sure to stop by the little booth thing in PH by Fat Tuesday. You can get on the guestlist and get wristbands so you get in for free! For ladies the wristband also gets you a free drink too! Also, if you check in on Yelp you can get a free drink that way too! Overall, I like this club because I'm not too picky about clubs, as long as there's room for me to dance I'm happy.
4	It's a really huge venue. Inside on the first floor, it looks just like any regular night club. However, when you go up stairs and outside, there LOTS of crazy things. Guys holding snakes, girls in tanks, awesomely dressed dancers, guys with feathered boas and horse masks, a flame thrower and girls dressed up in leaves, wings, and feathers, etc. It's really awesome on the top floor. The entertainment is endless. My group of friends and I all got free fairy wings because our server had the best hook ups. The music is great and was different from the music being played inside.If you're lucky and in the right place and time, they hand out free wrist bands to take care of your cover charge.  That's how my boyfriend and I got in free. Not a bad place to come and party at. Oh, and the Kardashians also come there to party as well as many other celebs.
5	Friday before New year's eve, 16 of my family and friends wanted bottle service at a club in Vegas. So after researching almost every club on the strip, Chateau had the best deal for our large party. A few weeks prior i went on the Chateau website to get some quotes and got a response right away. Max was a great help! He dealt with my group's many requests, and our one too many changes in the number of people in our group. He was fantastic every second of the way! This was my first time having bottle service so I wanted it perfect in every way. And it was!When we got to the club we got right in, and had a choice between 2 areas, one near the dj booth facing the dance floor and one area facing other people getting bottle service. We chose the spot near the dj booth and it was a good choice. There was enough room for us to dance, and we had 2 tables for drinks. It was nice because the dance floor got super packed and we had plenty of space and didn't have to bump people on the dance floor.Our waitress and the bar hand were great, I wish I got their names so I can sing their praises because they were excellent. They kept our decanters of juice filled, brought up clean glasses, and we always had plenty of ice. They constantly cleaned up any spills we made and were VERY nice about everything.Bottles of the lowest alcohol (we got 4 ketel one bottles and 1 bottle of jack) were $450 and they added 28% gratuity and tax. VERY reasonable, as most clubs in the area were asking for much more.The music wasn't the greatest but I'm more into electro and they played only about 30 minutes of it the entire night. The rest of the night was radio rap and hip-hop, which isn't exactly my favorite right now but it was alright.Great experience, beautiful club, amazing staff and an all-around good time. I will be back!
4	Came here with a group of 4. We were on the guest list and showed up early (around 10:30), so we didn't have any trouble getting in. We didn't have to pay a cover.Drinks were reasonable ($11-14).The dj played top 40 and hip hop. It got really crowed by midnight. Our group had a great time.
1	Ok, I'm not 25, and I hate hip-hop, so I probably shouldn't have set foot in this place, but it looked nice- outdoor patio- the weather was beautiful & we wanted to find a place with a pretty view at night...    SOOO not what I was looking for!The bouncers acted like it was CIA level security for some reason- it was only about 11pm and there was certainly not a huge line of people trying to get it (yes, we also had the free wrist bands & drink coupon... but beware free drink = well drinks & cheap beer... )Bad music, multitudes of burly guys in black pretending to be security & an odd mix of people we had no desire to be wtih -- So after dropping $21 for a gin & tonic & an Amstel light, we slammed them & headed out ...Don't waste your time here.
4	Visited last night (1/7/12) with a girlfriend. She knew one of the promoters, and he took us in through the outside entrance with a shorter wait.  Ladies, be forewarned, there are LOTS of stairs! We were able to get 1/2 off cover, so paid $10 each for entry (Nelly was performing) It was a lot of fun, but the inside is quite small. The dance floor was packed, and there wasn't much room elsewhere inside to maneuver. Being a chilly January night, the outside area wasn't getting much use, despite the heaters. I can see how it would be pretty awesome during the summer months, though.  I really enjoyed the music, though. It wasn't the typical house/techno/electronica heavy mix most Vegas clubs have. Of course, some of that was thrown in, but this had much more of a hip-hop feel to it.  I'd definitely recommend Chateau to those who like clubs with more of a hip hop lean.
4	A little snooty, but not a bad club at all. The dancers were super hot, bar service was pretty quick, amazing sound system, really overpriced drinks but someone's gotta pay for those bouncers and that awesome light setup. Horribly unorganized by the front but the bar and floor seemed well managed. Not sure if I'd ever go back but it was pretty legit.
5	I'm not really a nightclub kind of girl, never really was, even in my younger, college days.  I would much rather enjoy a drink and conversation without having to yell over loud music and elbow (and be elbowed) just to wait 40 minutes for a drink at the bar.  With that said, we attended a private party at Chateau in Paris, so I can't say what I would have given the club on a "normal" night. Even with a private function, it was pretty crowded, although not "fight to get to the bar" crowded. Luckily, after securing our first drink, we got the inside info to find the elevators and head to the rooftop.  Elevator opens....and....we have arrived! Amazing.First of all, there were two more bars and a dance floor on the roof, awesome.  Even better, we were right under the "Eiffel Tower" and could see the strip, including Bellagio and their famous fountain show.  It was breathtaking.  I imagine on a normal night, the rooftop is much sought after, because even if it's super crowded, at least you can breathe:-)
4	Party like a ROCKSTAR!For those of you who's been to vegas knows that they renovate clubs as fast as an ichy palmed asian ladies switching slot machines!  Unfortunately I can't recall what the previous club in Paris Las Vegas was, but this is the new bad boy here at Paris!I was very fortunate that I've got connections in Vegas... straight to the front of the line, into the club, directly to our VIP table near the middle of the dance floor.... "Take a look at me!  I don't look like I work out!  But I got myself a table!!!"Decor was pretty nice, sort of have an elegance to it compared to several others...It was packed!  Lots of people dancing... and looking, and hoping to get a seat with us since they have been on their feet the entire time.... LOL!  =P  Service was good... they kept coming back in making sure that our drinks are filled... however, if you tell them not to interfere, they will leave your drinks alone but still check back with you!  The real nice part, the outdoor garden area of Chateau sitting above Mon Ami Gabi, is available when the rooms are filled up!  Good thing the night wasn't too crazy as I had a chance to just walk out to the balcony and take in the views and the fountains of Bellagio.  Imagine when you are having a party up there!  You are truly a Rockstar!So if you are into clubbing, this is a pretty nice club to go to... however, knowing how clubs are in vegas they should all be fairly the same with the exception of it's location... So this is one that you definitely should not miss while you party and take in the nice views!Party on!
3	I wanna say decent club. Two separate sections for clubbing. Outdoor balcony to party and indoor dance floor to party. The good. Free to enter. Most of the time. Great Music and they had costumed performers outside at the balcony party. the BadCan get super crowded and uncomfortable. Drinks are pricey and this place isn't roomy so there is no standing and recovery areas.
3	If you're in your twenties and looking for your crowd, can't find it here.I mean, it's a nice looking club,  pretty spacious considering, alright drinks of course Vegas priced, with the typical top 40s mixes,  with an outdoor area where people can party too, but the crowd isn't the youthful crowd that my friends and I were looking for. Free to get in since we got wristbands from the people offering outside, so if you're just looking for a place to go out get drunk and have a night with your friends to a typical dj and you don't care about the crowd, definitely go here, If you want to go out to a poppin' youthful place with the whole nine yards, find a promoter and head over to Surrender or XS or Marquee or something.
3	Came here on the Saturday before Christmas Day so the place was deserted. We got wristbands from a promoter outside of Paris as we headed in which was convenient. Chateau has a small dance floor and much more lounge room. Like I mentioned, because of our timing, there were very few people so I'm going to give this club the benefit of the doubt and say that it HAS potential to be a good time.BUT the crowd was disappointing. Most people were in their casual wear (the image of jeans with horrendously tacky stitching on the back pockets is ingrained in my mind). Since the crowd was kind of ragtag, there were a lot of older people there, as in 35+. I also felt a wee bit uncomfortable because there were a fair share of gawkers as well. You know, people who were "checking the place out' but standing on the outskirts of the club and watching people dance. Overall, had an OKAY experience. The go-go dancers were hot stuff and the music was good (so hard to find hip hop over all the electronica in clubs) but the crowd was a turnoff. Plus points for lax (or negligent?) staff for not forcing me to come off from dancing on the ledge by the bar. Eh, I'd give Chateau another shot.
4	My friends and I had been told this place was pretty cool by one of the concierge at our hotel Planet Hollywood so we decided to check it out. When we walked up to the bouncer to see what the cover was he said "I will cut you a deal, $100 for you're entire group" We had never been to this club and it wasn't major club so we decided to decline the offer even though we were rolling about 7 people deep with a 50/50 ratio. We meet up with some more female friends outside, who had gotten wrist bands for another club. A promoter for the Chateau walked up to us and asked "Where you guys going?! I can get everyone in here for free?!" . . . . .Awesome. The outside (or Beer Garden?) was kinda chill and playing house music. They have a decent bar out there and plentying of seating, although I'm not sure if thats for bottle service or not. It was pretty easy to get drinks there and was definately the place to sit and talk. Which means I hated cause I wanted to party son! It was my birthday! So we decided to take a peak inside and see what that was about. I was the first to walk and was immediately assaulted hip hop music. My next thoughts were "That's was I'm talking about!' I was super surprised cause no clubs in Vegas play hip hop and this place did, basically all night. This automatically makes it a place to return to on my next trip. People were dancing on couches ledges, basically everything. This place huge but it wasn't super crowded either and as long as you have friends that are ready to have fun and you're looking for a place that place hip hop, I would suggest this place 10 times out of 10.
2	Hated it! We went on a Friday night, definitely chose the wrong spot but we made a night out of it anyway!
2	HORRIBLE small location, the only reason I gave 2 stars was that the view from the club was AMAZING!! Besides that the dance floor was small like in ur face small and just very badly placed hard to get in the dance floor and hard to get out. We got there at 11 we left at 1230 it was horrible thank goodness we left to the Mayan where we had a blast it was 15 of us!!
4	I've never been here at night, but during the day if you walk by this place there are guys asking if you want a free drink. SAY YES. They'll give you a wristband and all you have to do is show your ID and walk up the stairs and bam! Free well drink! Pretty strong, too. I always get a cranberry and vodka and they use SKYY. I stop by this place every time I'm in Vegas. During the day it's a very relaxing place to hang out with your friends. There are couches, a pretty long bar, top 40 songs playing, and good-looking people.They also have a Yelp check in offer so there's 2 strong drinks for you, free of charge. You're welcome.
5	Me and 2 friends went on a Friday night. Even though we are pretty hot, I was worried because we got a pretty late start and I don't like to pay cover. Luckily, walking past Chateau a promoter stopped us and offered us free entrance, drinks, and walked us to the front of the line. Awesome, but I was slightly apprehensive that such an easy entrance would mean the club was lame. I should not have worried. This club was everything I want in a club. The music was perfect. The energy on the dance floor was  positively electric. Everyone was dancing, no one was standing around like a tool (I hate that). Everyone around me was BEAUTIFUL, men and women. Seriously, I have never seen so many attractive people in one place. But the best part is the patio where we can go out and cool down every couple hours or so when we get tired of dancing. Ok, I'm lying. The best part for me was the incredibly attractive men everywhere, but the patio was a close second.
4	I was here for a bachelor party with 12 guys, they got us in as soon as they could sat us at a good table and we had a good time. we went walking around and discovered the upstairs patio and asked if we could have our party moved there. They did with no hassle. Good times were had. We did have one of our boys get kicked out and security was courteous and helpful.
3	Loud, obnoxious, "trendy" except that the hipsters who go can't actually afford to be there. Bottle service starts at a couple hundred dollars meaning you cannot sit in a chair unless you buy a bottle, which we did. As soon as the staff (incredibly helpful) unhooked the velvet rope so we could enjoy our drinks, heated lamps, and seats (seriously, if you don't buy a bottle, you will stand all night), hipsters began to swarm our table. I had to take it upon myself to tell random strangers that we didn't spend $1000 on champagne (the best champagne I've ever had, but still), for them to join in. Staff really needs to get a handle on that because, despite the champagne deliciousness, I would not deal with that kind of nonsense again.
3	I liked this place. If you want a place to sit, at all, you have to get a bottle.  We didn't as it was absurdly expensive.  But the patio was cool and the music was good.  It's a decent place to stop by before or after another place.
1	This was formerly Risque which was the WORST vegas club ever, so it was a relief to hear it was closed down and reopened as a new club.  With any NEW vegas club, my expectations of it are high, but major FAIL!  I wasn't impressed by the venue and the crowd sucks!!!!  my girlfriends and i were there 20 minutes max and left to go to Tao.
4	Came here for the day party on st Patrick's day.... Free admission and no dress code which was nice. Ordered a vodka soda which was $11, pretty average for Vegas. Bartenders were really fun and friendly. Nice view of the bellagio fountain show and overall a great atmosphere. Can't wait to come back
5	OK a true hidden gem in Vegas for people that want to dance to hip hop. As a lady I've never had trouble getting in for free, but they do have an online guest list that speeds up the process as well.The DJ plays the best music in the main room: current top 40s, throwback and current hip hop, a rarity in Vegas.Will go here every time I go to Vegas.
4	This place has outstanding views from the patios directly above the strip!  The dance club is crazy with ridiculous hordes of scantily clad women and perspective suitors engaged in the hunt.  The outdoor lounges have comfortable seating and fire pits that add great atmosphere which is great to give your stressed ear drums a quick break from the beats.  The drinks are great but priced to match, which is not much of a surprise from a place like this.
5	Out of all of the nightclubs that I went to in Vegas, Chateau was the best by far. We only ventured to the outdoor part of the club, but it was amazing! Great view, great drinks the second time we went, and just a great relaxed atmosphere! I would definitely go back!
5	This club was rockin! The music was a mix of current & old school hip hop...which is hard to find these days. Dj really kept the groove going & the dance floor was PACKED! Everyone was in there to have a good time and the energy was amazing. We entered after midnight and still got in for free. The drinks were strong & the guys were hot, I was so busy getting down on the main floor I didn't even know about the patio or second tier...but will DEFINITELY check that out next time.
2	Well I give this place 2 stars just for the fact that my boyfriend and I did not have to wait in line or pay and then maybe add 1/2 a star for the music mostly booty popping hip-hop.....But like allot of people on here say they do just let anybody in here... Let's just say an older un-attractive demographic.Will most likely not be back do your self a favor go to XS
3	Went here on 4/14/12. When we called for reservations the morning of we made sure we were getting a table inside because the weather wasnt great. Jessica, who took our reservations told us that we had a table for 6 inside with one bottle of vodka for $500. Great. We get there, they take us outside to a spot where maybe 3 people can sit. When I questioned it the gentleman told us that it's a $1,000 minimum to have a VIP table inside. So, of course now we just decide to "upgrade" to an inside table because it was so cold out. I think this is what they do, say one thing to get you in the door and once you are there say something else. As reading reviews about other clubs a lot of them do this. All in all, in was an OK club.
3	Got in for free with a couple of friends when a promoter hooked us up. Apparently there was some mix up though, because the bouncer demanded I pay $20 and when I brought over the promoter, he got all pissed off and grudgingly let us in. The club was a bit confusing, since the entryway leads straight into the outdoor area. After we wandered past the bar though, we found the actual dance floor, which had bland music that got a bit better as the night progressed.I couldn't tell you about the drinks since the mere sight of that many bottles of grey goose meant I knew it would be expensive, but the dancers did a good job. Overall free entry and cute dancers but rude bouncers and meh music makes this club a just whatever place for me.
3	I was here with a large group of 12 girls this weekend. We do not like techno so we wanted to go to a club that played mostly hip hop, I guess the club has other floors that play other music but the floor we were on was all hip hop! We loved it. We had table service with 4 bottles, we really never left our section because we had our own little party goin on! So I can not really comment on the crowd at all! We had a good time but then again we always do no matter what club we are in. But if you are like us and DO NOT LIKE TECHNO, you may want to stop in this club. :)
1	Chateau is a joke, to put it nicely.  Another Vegas club trying way to hard to impress the Jersey Shore generation.  If you enjoy gawking over washed up rappers and worthless reality TV stars, then by all means, please go to Chateau and stay away from the real clubs where I will be.  The Bufferfly/Bazaar idea might be Chateau's only saving grace, but the idea has struggled to take shape and failed to consistently book DJs worth seeing - if they are able to get their act together (maybe start by picking a name), there might be a small ray of hope for Chateau, but chances are this place will fold within the next 12 months.     If you're going to spend money clubbing in Vegas, don't waste it here.
4	I was there on Friday night 4-27-12. I was with my boys at one of the vip booths closest to the dance floor and gogo dancer. The staff was friendly, music was cool, mostly hip hop and it was CRACKING to me! I had a good time, so go for it you'd like to have a good time. It was a lot of guys that night though, I'm not too sure how the turn out ratio for girls to guys usually are, but just letting the fellas know who are planning to go haha.
1	Like any good club this place doesn't start until 11PM we went at 10:30pm and sat outside on the first level. Excited to check-in like any good Yelper I noticed that they offer a free drink if you checked in. Yay... wait... so I go to the Bar, which was dead, just me and the bartender. He says we don't give free drinks away and definitely had never seen the Yelp app before. I got very annoyed, if your going to offer free stuff on Yelp and don't honor it you shouldn't be on Yelp in the first place. So I asked for the manager and he didn't even approach me. I was handed a ticket by one of the bouncers and later when I went to use it the bartender gave me a hard time. Can Someone form Yelp remove the drink offer off Chateau's check in page?If you manage this place you should be ashamed, do your job and stand behind what you offer on Yelp, online, or at the street level.With all the club choices in Vegas thankfully there are many other choices.
5	I really enjoyed my time at Chateau.  Honestly, Vegas clubs all seem similar to me.  The crowed seem similar to anywhere else...  We went here for my friends bachelorette party and we had a very nice time.  We dd do bottle service and out cute waitress with French maid outfit did a very nice job.  The music wasn't bad either...  If you are complaining and whinnying about here (for whatever reason), you are gonna end up doing the same elsewhere.  If you're in Vegas, go check it out, you might enjoy yourself.  Honestly, whether you go here or to another Vegas club, it's not gonna be much different.  Look cute, put on a sexy outfit and go enjoy yourself!
4	I work for a different group that manages a similar/older venue; Pure Nightclub at Caesars but honestly like this venue and put it up there with some of the newer clubs (ahead of 1OAK for sure) because of its 3 different rooms and variety of music. Located in Paris, it is fairly centralized on the strip, conveniently located near Bally's/Flamingo so self parking or cabbing to the venue is no problem. the entrance to the club has a cool winding staircase. Once you're at the top, the main floor is there and they mostly play hip hop. The DJ is located on high/raised stage but is not built like a theater/main stage like XS or Marquee's dance area. They draw various rap artists like they opened with Drake and invite random guests like Charlie Sheen. I don't like the dance floor has clusters up at the entrance, making it hard to block your way to the ramp up to the bar on the right or to get to the gardens. Other than the bar on top of the ramp, there is a bar to the left of the dance floor. The wide ramp leading up to the bar is a waste of space to me as bouncers try to leave the area open for people to walk up and down and seems like a waste of space. Raised tables are located on the right and left of the ramp. Walking straight past the main stage gets you to the outdoor garden area. When I was there last fall, they played mostly lounge music and the garden area is well lighted. I'm guessing this is an area that's better suited for those who want to mix and mingle while not having to talk too much over the sound. The garden area has a decent sized bar.On top of the ramp behind the bar is how you get to the outside "Butterfly Lounge" area. This is an outdoor area where I hear more electronic dance music/house and they had a great setup here when I went there for Halloween and saw Paul Oakenfold spin. The sound and lighting is unparalleled but I would expect none less as my old roommate (who did the sound and lighting for multiple venues on the strip like Encore Beach Club and XS) set up this part of Chateau. This lounge is outdoor and is under the faux Effiel Tower of Paris and some of the tables have a glass surface that gives people a great view of the strip; especially of the Bellagio fountains. The DJ stage was awesome of Oakenfold as they had a fiber optic screen setup showing music video projected to the music. So overall, I do not know why people bash this venue as it is a great place for a balance of house and hip hop music along with a garden area for the smokers who want to chat back and forth. Hosts are awesome and cocktail models are dressed in cute French maid outfits.  This is a good place for industry to hang out for the Candy Shop Tuesday. Only a handful of other places are open this night such as my Pure Nightclub, Hyde Lounge and 1OAK.
4	Unfortunately I didn't hit up the club at all, but came here on a Monday evening for a private event on the patio/balcony.  The biggest draw of this place has to be the view of the Belagio fountains at night while you're enjoy some drinks.  I would come back here again during normal club hours.
1	Whoever created Chateau certainly knew what they were doing. It's a compelling club that decided on a sort of back alley, semi-perverted cabaret theme, and it was really different and enjoyable. The terrace is incredible, you're drinking under the Eiffel Tower, you're in plain view of the Bellagio fountains, and the DJ was excellent. Our group has spent the past two years on trips to Vegas, going to Rain, Ghostbar, Pure, Bank, Tryst, and Lavo, getting tables and bottle service as often as we can, and Chateau was by far the most different, interesting, and memorable of the group. You may be telling yourself, then, this doesn't seem like the beginning to a one-star review, and that's true. My problem with this place isn't the club itself, it is as compelling a setting as you're going to find. My problem can be summed up in one word: Extortion.In our past experience with bottle service, the hospitality was overwhelmingly good, even to the point of annoyance. Not so here. We booked a bottle service night at Chateau for 9 people. Myself and 3 friends arrived early to secure the table. Our friends would be arriving within a half hour or so to meet us there. I let the bouncer know, and he informed us that they wouldn't get in unless we "took care of him". This struck me as strange, as this sort of arrangement was never a problem before, especially since we had already arranged for their admission by paying for a table. I ignored this and spoke to our host who told us that if they simply mentioned our table number, and the person renting it, that there would be no problem. I took him for his word. I was wrong to.I got a call some minutes later, our friends had arrived and the bouncer informed them they weren't getting in unless we purchased a 3rd bottle, at a price of $475. You may be beginning to see why I chose the word "extortion". The worst part of all is that our host was right nearby, silent, doing nothing to ameliorate the problem. Ultimately I went downstairs and gave the bouncer $50 to let them in. On top of the admission I had already arranged for everyone. Weeks before. You may also be telling yourself now that "Hey, that's just how Vegas works." It isn't. Firstly, when we had done bottle service many times before, the bouncers would bend over backwards to make sure each and every person that had paid for admission would find their way to the table and have a great time. Secondly, the night before, I had paid a bouncer at Bank $100 to get in. We merely had tickets, and we wanted to cut the line. That's not a problem for me, I'll do that every time. The difference here is that we had already paid a pretty penny to get everyone into Chateau, and we had to bribe to get something that we had already arranged for.The waitress was nice enough, but was clearly trying to empty the bottles as quickly as possible when she poured us our drinks. Her motivation was clearly either to shuttle us out of there as quickly as possible, or to force us to buy another bottle. A girl we were with had to water her drink down with ice 4 times until it was tolerable. We started to mix our own drinks after this, and for our troubles we were ignored for over an hour with empty mixers. Some service.Some time later, the waitress informed me that tip, gratuity, tax, and all that, were not included in our original arrangement. That's not something we were told before, that was annoying, but we paid without complaint. However, when we received the bill, we were also informed that we would need to pay additional tip for the waitress, and for the man who bussed the table. When all was said in done, we paid 40% more for the table than we were originally quoted.For anyone who's reading this, you have my sincerest apologies for the length, but I could write a full Russian Novel about how terrible our experience was at this place. If you're allured by the deal you'll get here, please go elsewhere. Pay double. Pay triple. Just avoid this place like the plague and find a place that legitimately is grateful for your business and will give you the service that should be expected of somebody dishing out the money for a table. I certainly won't be returning to Chateau, going to any affiliated clubs, should they be owned by a group, or staying at Paris because of this experience. It's a great, well-thought-out club experience ruined by incredibly unscrupulous employees. Don't even think about going.
5	I have to say after reading the reviews I was only drawn to Chateau because "hip hop" came up in many reviews.  We first tried Rain at Palms - horrible, all house music.  All I look for in a club is some decent music and Chateau went above and beyond!  From start to finish the DJ was unbelievable. We went on 6/16 and I don't know the DJs name, but if anyone has that info please pass it along to me because I'd love to find out the next spot.  So if you're looking for good hip hop music then definitely check out Chateau (plus, ladies free and guys only $20 on a Saturday).  It's definitely not as eloborate in decor as Tao and some other clubs on the strip, but who cares about that when there's a good crowd and amazing music?!
1	I'm going to bash this club because it really sucks. I would not take the time out of my life to lie about a club or review so believe me. Vegas has a lot of hustlers and promoters so I would guess that most good reviews for this club are promotors or hustlers. The music is lame, I would listen to it on Pandora while washing my car in the hot sun not inside a supposedly nice club whe re there is a strict dress code. I would give this posing place a -10000 if I could. This place is a complete joke. They are wayyy to expensive for the type of service u get. They don't even check everybody they let anyone in so all the idiots on the strip go inside this joke of a establishment. They are only in business because its Vegas and this is the trashcan of america. Really not Detroit, not Mexico( not america) but Vegas. Also there is "top flight" security all thru the building so u feel u are in a federal building or the courthouse because the just watch u like a hawk, i guess like the other review said they want u to be so uncomfortable that u foolishly buy vip tables and bottles. Like u are already guilty. Look at the other reviews and avoid this place, its just surviving off the name. This place sucks. I bought a Budweiser and rum n coke $20. Too much if u ask me for this place. DO NOT GO TO THIS JUKE JOINT. If u wanna waste ur money give it to the casinos not this joint. I am totally disappointed in this joint. It was the do-do that stained my Vegas trip.
4	I have to say I wasn't expecting much from this place. Since I was staying at Paris I decided to check this place out since it was free for guests. It's somewhat unorganized. I was told it was free for guest but a promotor standing outside handing out wristbands said its $20 bucks cover after 11. We got in the guest list/ hotet guest line and managed to get in for free after 11pm. It must have been a slow night to have two guys get in for free on a Saturday night. Anyways the place has two floors, a hip hop room which is the room you first enter and then the rooftop where they play house music. I really had a good time being there and the place exceeded my expectations of the place. The rooftop has an amazing view of the eiffel tower and overlooks the Bellagio water show. Drinks were actually cheap too which sounds weird for a Vegas club. Overall, I had a good time there and will definitely check it out again if I don't feel like paying ridiculous cover prices for some of the other big name clubs.
4	Chateau, j'adore.The best night to go is Candy Shop Tuesdays. Cotton Candy, cupcakes, and other treats are set out for everyone to enjoy. The club turns into Candy Land. They play Hip-Hop mainly, but on the weekends, they offer killer house in the beer gardens. This club is aesthetically pleasing. The dance floor is spacious enough and the DJ is elevated above the crowd. There is an amazing view of the Bellagio fountains from the patio and 3rd floor. They offer Ladies Comp bottles for groups of 6 or more.All in all, this is a great club that offers different music musing, excellent service, great music, and is a great place to shake that ass!
5	I am not a nightclub person.  I usually just like going to lounges.  Because it was my first time in Vegas and my friends wanted to go to this nightclub; I said OK.  I went to the 3rd floor and I LOVED IT!  I am definitely going back to this place again and will recommend anyone to go.
5	I love this club because they played awesome music the whole time and the girls dancing were actually good dancers! Had a blast here. Would def go again. Didn't get a chance to visit the upper patio area but I heard it was awesome as well.
5	Went to Chateau this week for Candy Shop Tuesday. My boyfriend and I were actually walking down the Strip on the way to Lavo because we had gotten a card for reduced cover to Lavo at Marquee the night before, but a promoter outside Paris gave us wristbands for free entry so we figured we would stop and check it out. We never actually made it to Lavo, we were having way too much fun! The DJ (DJ Casanova, if I recall correctly) was playing this awesome, fun mix of slightly older and newer top 40 and there were giant lollypops and candy themed decor everywhere. There were also girls from the sugar factory right at the entrance to the dance floor handing out bags of candy and dress up fairy wings and hats (for free, but with tip of course!) My one complaint is that in Vegas in July, you get hot and thirsty FAST indoors and very tiny bottle of water was $6... we drank it in under 30 seconds. That was a small bummer compared to the rest of the experience though.And surprisingly, compared to some other clubs where I've been given free admission for myself AND the boyfriend, the club wasn't filled with sad, 40-somethings on vacation (no offense to middle aged people, but at 22 the last thing I want is to be surrounded by people my parents' age in a club). I don't know how the weekend experience compares when some of the supposedly better, bigger clubs are open but I can definitely say that Candy Shop Tuesday at Chateau is THE BEST!
3	We went to the Chateau  on a Friday night- V card gave us instant entry! a MUST!- Easy parking. On third floor. a bit of a walk though.- Club is way too small. Bumpin shoulders, spilling drinks, can get very messy.- Music was great! Little high energy! mostly hip hop, top 40s, some reggae, and early 2000s and 90s hip hop! - No free water. lame. must buy bottle.- Hot ladies. Buncha dudes with bottle service. - mixed cultures. nice vibe!
3	The downstairs was super crowded & the layout makes it difficult to have room to dance without people bumping into you...because it's all a walkway from one place to another.  Some of the bottle service areas were in random places...like in a weird walkway.  But the upstairs is nice.  It was chilly, but once everyone was dancing, it was fine.  They had some cool performers (like circus performers) roaming around.  That was pretty interesting.
4	Been to this place on 2 different occasions, St. Patty's Day and last Saturday. This time we ended up getting bottle service BOGO $640 with tax and tip. Not too shabby!Ask for Max, he was awesome. Didn't wait in line and didn't get ripped off like most of the other promoters out there.
4	This nightclub was actually the first clubbing experience I had in life!I must say that I am missing out! Only reason why I rated this club 4 stars is because the lack of space they had for a dance floor.  Everyone was practically smashed into your chest or butt. Outside was beautiful! We had bottle service On the patio , and the view at nighttime was something I will never forget!Outside music is catered to more top 40s dance music, while on the inside is more hip hop! Best of both worlds! You can dance on the patio to a maroon 5 song , then run inside to drop it to "I love it when you call me big poppppaaa"
4	Great place to go on Saturday nights.  The view of the Bellagio at night from the third floor is amazing.  I love how they had their misters on at night because it was so hot.  There was this one drunk guy that thought he was slick and grabbed my a$$ but I grabbed a bouncer and they kicked him out. Thank you to that bouncer! :)  The drinks are okay but NYC priced but the place is very nice.  One thing that did bother me is that there is no where to sit...unless you buy bottle service.  I don't buy bottle service. I think it is ridiculous to buy a $30 bottle for $450...i'm just saying. Anyway, don't get too close to the tables because they'll move you. lol yup, they will move you. we were standing "too close" to a table of females and they didn't want us near them. when I saw them they weren't the nicest or prettiest girls in the world to be that stuck up. lol  on a bad day i looked better. so let's remember people that ugly just doesn't pertain to looks. Besides those two things i really liked this place. the place was nice, the music was great, the drinks are okay, and the people in general are cool. have fun!
4	I was at a Confrence and they rented out the whole place so different from the usual experience.  It was really nicely decorated and I loved the patio with the fantastic view of the strip.  The biggest downside was the restrooms... They don't have anywhere near enough bathrooms for everyone in the club.  I'm not sure what they were thinking there.  But everything else was great!
4	Ah-mazing! we went here for the second night of my buddy's bachelor party and had a blast! we were at tryst the night before and i honestly had much more fun at Chateau. Inside the first level the bar is large but the dance floor is cramped. The upside though is the air conditioning is on full blast and makes it quite comfortable.Upstairs is where its at though. It was hot when we were there but they had misters and the views were breath taking. the bottles were reasonably priced, the crowd was lively and friendly, and the service was impeccable. The dance floor was not quite that large but the DJ was on point, the misters were blowing, and there was plenty of space to spread out and catch your breath.I definitely will be back and recommend to anyone who wants the most bang for their buck, great service, a friendly crowd, and well mixed music.
4	I like the music here and stayed on the rooftop the whole time. The downstairs dance floor was crowded but the roof wasn't too bad. I liked that I could sit at any booth that was open and the view was awesome. Bouncers were nice and not the usual stuck ups.
2	Got there early. It was realy dead. I'm sure if the night were to continue on it may have gotten beter, but we left. Music was nothing really to remember. Might give it a second chance next time I'm out there.
4	For my first Vegas club, it was great! The inside was crowded, and drinks were on the pricey side as was cover. Get on the guest list if at all possible.The music selection was great! Great mix of '90s, early '00s and late '00s.Balcony view was amazing, especially as you're getting off the elevator, you can see all the way up the Eiffel Tower. View of the city was okay. It's mostly just the Bellagio and a bit of the street.Drinks were strong, and the staff was great! Definitely recommend it.
4	Great club. Very crowded on Sat night. You have to pay to be VIP or you will wait in line forever. I used Sin City pub crawl and they were awesome. Make sure you stay with your friends it is easy to be separated.
4	We decided to try the night club in the hotel that we were staying at but when we arrived at the door the bouncer wanted $20 per guy and $10 for girls.  This was at 1:00 a.m.  We told the guy we were staying in the hotel but he stated that it was a "special event" that night.  We decided not to spend the $70 cover fee when the bouncer caved and compted our cover.  A little push saved us 70 bucks!We entered onto the main floor and then we were whisked up an elevator and out onto a terrace that was just below the arch of the Eiffel tower.  What a great setting!  The air was cooler up there and the DJ was so great!  There were lounge tables, chaise lounge chairs, sofas and a hoppin dance floor!  The bar service was really good, the drinks were really strong and reasonably priced.We danced the night away in the open air underneath the stars (and the Eiffel tower).  A good time had by all!!!
1	I had to wait til I got home to rip this place apart. For starters if you have bottle service anywhere your expectations for customer service are always extremely high. Why? Well @ $500/bottle you should get a little respect. They have a door man thats a dead ringer for Brock Lesnar. If you tell him that he just stares at you. Moving on.We go up to the club and are led to our "VIP" section, an elevated stage where they stuff 200 people at "tables" the size of coffee tables in a dorm room. This is the furthest thing from VIP that I've ever seen. The music was your normal vegas club mix, nothing special. Now lets just skip until the end of the night which turned this night into a nightmare. We were a large group all professionals. The bill comes we want to split it six ways on cards. An hour later a supposed manager comes out and says it can only be split 3 ways.  Really? We were never told this. One of my friends (an attorney) tells the guy you have a clerical policy thats not really our issue, because we were not told by anyone the bill couldn't be split. His response, do you know what clerical means. This idiot had no idea he was dealing with a group of about 20 attorneys, just about everyone except me. 30 more minutes go by and he says he can split. He does comes back with the bill, and my portion was twice as much as the other five cards. I tell the next level of manager he says he can fix but it will take another half hour. Really? Really? He offers to comp a bottle at another club the next night. Really? Really? I've had Vegas bottle service so many times, and all I can say is "worse bottle service ever". You've been warned.
1	Used to love this place :( I just got back from Chateau and I'm disappointed to say that it was pretty crappy. The DJ was playing awful music and the crowd just seemed dead. I can usually dance to anything and have fun but the mixing and the music was just awful. Oh well, guess this club is going under soon. All clubs do eventually, right? :(
1	We went here on a saturday night. There was a long line to get in, no biggie. Once we got in, we found that people were packed in like a cattle car. We went from end to end trying to find a place to stand where you didn't have someone pressed up against you and we couldn't find one. It was a fight to try and get through the crowd just to leave and they were still rushing people into the place just to get as much money as possible.
3	Definitely not my favorite nightclub in vegas. Perhaps if I was in the section with the beer gardens it would have been better... if there even is a beer garden but I believe that is the rooftop club and not this one... I hate when different things are combined on yelp... ok /rantThis club was the third place we stopped at this night while rollen with  the crew and getting limo'd around town. We had just left the Ghost Bar and it was absolutely awesome. We get here and suddenly we are super crowded and hot again... the line for drinks at the lower bar was long and by the time I got to the upper bar, I wasnt thirsty I decided so just kinda cruised around...PRO TIP: You can bring a dslr in this club, at least I did and didnt hear anything about it and no one said anything inside the club either!They play mostly Hip Hop. The people were kewl and it was dope to just chill and since IDGAF it was fine to do whatever. The vibe wasnt nearly the same as earlier in the night and we ended up leaving after an hour instead of the planned 1.5-2. The ambience was interesting as its somewhat of a long skinny club built on table service (a total surprise I am sure). It was bilevel with stairs and a long ramp. At the head of the main dance floor on a raised dias is the DJ and he could look left (most of the tables) forward (the dancefloor), and to the right (small amount of tables and second bar). An interesting place to spend some time dancing and partying... Enjoy it if you go!
2	BLECH!  Overrated and bouncers that are cocky assholes.  The place was recommended by friends after they went one night when it was carnival themed.  I would have loved to have seen that but we went on a typical night.  $50 to get in for two of us.  What a rip off.  THe garden area upstairs is nice though.
2	Got in for $10 on a Wednesday night. My drink was $13. A big men-to-woman ratio. Most of the guys were wallflowers. The dance floor was cramped. People spilled their drinks and no one cleaned it up.  Music was okay; a lot more early late 90's and 00's music than I expected. It was okay.
3	Tried this place not once, but twice.  One of the promoters gave me and some friends the infamous complimentary pass.  Never bee up to that point but decided to go for it.  Despite the passes, the wanted to charge us $20.  No bueno!  but it's Vegas.  Second time around on another trip with some other friends, we all got bottle service so we all got in for free (with the pass of course).  Excellent view of the Las Vegas Strip on the patio.  Nice ambient vibe and setting.  Inside was live and in full effect.  Very diverse group of people and everyone enjoying themselves and easy to talk to.  Reminds me of what an L.A. club NEEDS to be (especially in downtown L.A. or Hollywood).   Best when you're with a large group of friends.  Highlight of the night was when my friend was able to sneak a bottle to the patio (yes they do let you go in and out).  Will be back.  Bring lots of people with you for the best results.  why?  Because it's Vegas!P.S.If you're trying to get your Corey Hart on, leave your shades in your car because they won't let you wear them in the club.
1	I am extremely disappointed in this review and would not even give it a one star rating after the way I was treated. I attended this club Saturday night 9/28/12 for my friend's bachelorette party.  I was sitting on a bench in the corridor that led to the bathrooms. I was sitting there because my feet were killing me. I have a birth defect on both my hands and feet, so wearing heels is not easy on my feet whatsoever and causes a lot of pain after a while. After about half an hour of sitting there, a female manager or security person came over and told me I needed to get up and walk around. I explained the situation to her and she told me she understood and that I could get flip flops from the bathroom attendant. I explained to her that because of my birth defect, I am unable to wear flip flops. I told her if I wasn't i pain, I would be up dancing with my girls, but that it as killing my feet to even walk. Again, she said she understood, but I still needed to get up and walk around. She suggested I walk up to the Chateau Gardens. All of those tables were reserved and it costs money to buy bottle service. All I wanted was to sit down. I cannot believe how unaccomodating this place is to people with disabilities and this club should be ashamed of how they treat disabled people. I was not in anyone's way and was keeping to myself , as I was sitting in the hallway to the bathroom, however, I was sitting closer to the front entrance and Scott Disick was on his way in, so maybe they were trying to shuffle me out of the way so they could waltz him right through. Regardless of the reason, there should have been no reason for this treatment. If I was in the way, I don't see why they couldn't have found another place for me to sit. I would like to further add that I was at Pure the night before and had a completely diferent experience. I was sitting on the back side of a couch for the same reason I was sitting at Chateau and the bouncer made me move. I explained the situation and he moved me to reserved seating and told me that the tables were reserved. If patrons came in for bottle service, he would move me to a different table. It certainly isn't an easy thing to tell someone you have a disability and so I was kind of humiliated and upset. This bouncer (Sean) saw to it that me and my friends were taken care of the whole night. He made sure we were comfortable and even had his manager give us drink tickets. None of that was necessary, but he and the club were so  accomodating to the one thing I did need, which was a place to sit. Chateau could definitely take some notes on customer service from Sean and Pure. We made sure to let Sean's manager know how wonderful he was.I'm sure Chateau would be fun for every other club-goer, but sad and disappointed in the lack of human kindness in these people. It's all about image and pleasing celebrity guests, not paying guests or people with special needs. I tried to file a complaint while I was staying at Paris, but have yet to hear back from them. I am writing this in hopes that they realize how they treat people like me is wrong and will make amends by accomodating people as needed.
3	they call it Shiteau...well the club is decent...great real estate. There were only 9 of us and we reserved 2 bottles. Took over an hour to get in...even w bottles...at 1030! Then...our server shows up...takes the order...dissapears for 15 mins then decides to only come by 2 other times just to make sure the bill was signed. Horrible service for 1200 bux. We were on the top floor overlooking the strip so 3 stars for the scenery and the DJ. The staff and vip treatment were way subpar...we had better service at Denny's the next morning! Save your $$$$
1	Seems the locals have a heads up as to how this whole night club thing works. We stood in line for 1 1/2 hours even though we had a reserved table. Our guest got in a full hour before the bridal party and then they gave us the worst table in the house. The waitress was just awful. We final bitched and moaned and they moved us to the roof top which was very nice. I would never go there again. It's a nice club with a great view of the strip, but please let patrons know there are options to getting n and geting a table.
1	We came here on a Saturday night to celebrate one of my girlfriend's birthday. We were able to score a BOGO bottle service deal at $500. We lined up outside in the bottle service line and still had to wait like 20 minutes even though no one was ahead of us. Then when we were walked to our "table" there was nothing set up. The host apologized and went to go grab some stuff.. Really unprofessional. Then it took forever for the rude cocktail server to come over.. She only made drinks for us ONCE the whole night.. Ugh! To make matters worse the next day my friend checked her account and they charged her card twice...! Yea worst bottle service experience ever.
2	Beer garden was nice. The inside section seemed like being in a warehouse.  Didn't have the Vegas look I expected.  Staff was unfriendly. Took forever to get our drinks & she messed up the 1st round too!
4	Alison, Italian girl, from Washington DC, short hair, 30 yrs young, possibly working at an Animal Shelter? This was the random girl I met and made the night memorable on 10/20/2012. People like this make places like this great. But in our drunken state, we didn't exchange contact information and that bums me out. Especially cuz at one point she was gonna grab her camera to get a picture of us. If anyone knows her, or knows someone that might know who I'm talking about, hit me up. She introduced me to some friends in her group who were celebrating her friend's birthday. We were the table right next to them, mainly all Asian dudes, celebrating a Bachelor party. We said a very sweet and "heartfelt" goodbye, and it kinda kills me that we probably will never see each other again. So I'm giving yelp a shot. :) Alan is lookin' for ya! (send a msg through here or maybe facebook, facebook.com/alan.chow.50)Onto the actual review!Our Bachelor party was great! We reserved a table, 2 bottles, really had no problem getting into the place in a timely manner. The music was loud, but the table we were at was just far enough so you didn't have to yell at someone 1 ft away from you to hear them. We were also very close to the bar. It is outdoors, so the breeze was great. This also allowed for mingling to be a really easy thing to do. There was a good amount of people traffic without having to bump shoulders all night. The view was great, the waitresses were very good about checking in on our table and cleaning things off and chit chatting. Very friendly and beautiful. I can only judge this place based on my particular situation, but I do believe it may be a bit of a pricey place. I see some have mentioned the drinks, and I recall getting a bottled water for $6. Umm....damn. But I had a group with 2 bottles of Grey Goose so I was not short on drinks. I'd definitely go back!
5	Went here back in April, probably the 24th. This is my all time favorite club in Vegas. For whatever reason I am fascinated with go-go dancers lol. I learned this at Chateau. I went to Candy Shoppe Tuesdays and thank goodness my friend found out about it! Cotton candy, loose candy, free champagne, lollipop statues, go-go dancers with candy costumes I'm in love. I had sooo much fun, the music was nice & I was crushing hard on this muscular guy. He was cute but looked like an arrogant a-hole. I just had so much fun. People were nice. I'm definitely coming back. Definitely!
4	30$ open bar, not too crowded, awesome Thursday night!
3	Chateau is one of those nightclubs that you never hear about until you see a guy on the street desperately trying to hand out discounted/free passes. Vegas has plenty of these mediocre venues dying for your attention, so I'm surprised why the even charged cover when we went. $20 for guys, $10 for girls on a Friday night when the club is barely half full. Not the best way to get people in...The club itself is pretty bland. You've got a tiny dance floor, a long awkward area for table service, and an outside "garden" that's fenced off for more empty tables that hope to one day see bottle service. No decorations, no theme, not too exciting.The music the night we went was a mix of hip-hop and EDM. Unpopular, poorly mixed, and sometimes hard to dance to. I didn't expect much more from a club like this.Drinks are average $15. Don't expect the bartender to make you anything complicated; this is Vegas after all. A simple gin and tonic will do.Why is this not a 1 or 2 star review after all the bashing? Because Chateau was the setting for one of the most ridiculously awesome experiences I've had at a club. Next to the dance floor is a small fenced off bottle service area. At the time, it was occupied by two guys who resembled Tuco from Breaking Bad. Straight up drug lords spending hundreds on bottle after bottle and inviting random girls to join them. At first, I didn't pay attention to them, until I saw Washingtons raining down above me. These guys were literally just throwing $1 bills at the crowd like it ain't no thang. As the bottles kept pouring, the Washingtons turned into Lincolns, then Hamiltons, and eventually some Jacksons. You always hear rappers talking about throwing stacks of cash at the club, but you never actually see it. My friend got a $20 bill handed to her just for looking beautiful that night. Needless to say, we easily covered drinks and cover that night, all thanks to America's growing drug addiction.
1	Completely shocked, disturbed,regretful, and unhappy were many of the few ill felt feelings I had after leaving this wretched place last night for New Years Eve. I had been planning my new years bash for quite some time and did extensive research on all the clubs in vegas trying to find the perfect place for the four of us. " The chateau was headlined as having one of the best party's in town including its fancy and stunning garden decor. All the pictures on the website looked beautiful. There were many bad reviews BUT i decided to ignore them thinking maybe they were wrong, ill give it a chance. PEOPLE, if there are that many bad reviews please heed warning and save yourself time and money.        Last night was probably one of the worst nights in my entire life. To start we paid $200 for supposedly VIP tickets. The ticket was for 7pm-1am. The four of us arrived at 7:10 thinking this was fairly early and we would beat the crowd. By that time there was already a line that was long. Thinking the doors would be opening any second we waited patiently in line. As time ticked away no one was let into the club until 8:30!!! When the website and ticket stated 7:00! And that was only the front of the line. They only let in About 10 people every 10 min. We did not get in till 10:00 pm. People were desperately cutting inline trying to get in. So the bouncer bribed them and said for $100 you can cut. and wallah they were in. this happened all night. pushing us farther back.We stood in line for 3 hours!! Wasting away our new years! When we finally got in the club was packed and there was barely any moving space. The club was nothing how it looks on the website. Its complete trash. One of the most ghetto atmospheres I've been to. The are crummy metal stairs that you would find in a 1 star motel leading up to the rooftop. The places to stand are so minimal on the terrace because it mostly just tables for bottle service. The decor was complete garbage. Old, outdated, dirty. Have I been or seen this place before i wouldn't have even paid $10 to get in. The big finally was rapper 2chainz who took the stage rooftop at 12:00. I was nearly trampled over. I started to panic  because i could t breath and 3 girls tried to fight me. Our group left the club at 12:30. I was in tears and mortified. Was the worst new years and experience of my whole life. No one should ever visit this place. $200 for 2 1/2 hours of complete hell.
4	We ended up hear after a friend told me she had free passes, so of course we went.  It was a Saturday night around 1130P and there was no line, the bouncers were really nice when we got there. We had had some bad experiences with vegas clubs, so we were a little "iffy" about this one, but it turned out to be the place where we had the most fun. The main reason why I like this club is because there is an actual dance floor here.  There are two of the dance floors, and the music is good.  People are there to have a great time and you can feel the vibe.  There are several bars too, which means it takes just a few minutes to get a drink.Yes, its not super fancy like XS or Tryst or Marquee, but it is fun and there are actual places where you can sit for a few minutes after you've been dancing your feel away.
1	DING DING DING!!! Chateau wins the prize for douchiest nightclub - EVER!Their outdoor dance floor is the most obnoxious place on the Las Vegas strip.  Now think about that statement and let it sink in...They BLAST the loudest, worst, techn-pop music into the open air on the strip, keeping the hotel patrons nearby awake till 4am, and generally giving people on the sidewalk a migrane to end all migranes.  In addition, they are overpriced, trashy, rude and should be avoided at all costs.  Using violence against your so-called friends who try to insist you should check it out if necessary.Chateau is so bad, the city should actually be ashamed it exists.
1	Meh.... Got our free drinks and thongs and bounced. Hey don't give out fun balloons with lights at the door and have the bouncer take them away 2 mins later because they aren't allowed. Those balloons would have been great for a real club...
1	Got $3000 VIP table service for 2 Chains on New Years Eve. At any other club in the world that would get you straight in to your table with no line. Staff couldn't get their shit together and everyone stood in line for 2.5+ hours as people were smashed, trampled, and multiple fights broke out. Got to our table 10 minutes before midnight. The guy that walked us to the table said he was doing us a favor to get us to our table before midnight and tried to con us out of a $100 for him and a couple of his coworkers. At the table the server didn't know how to open a bottle of champagne so no midnight toast. Table location was good right next to the stage to see 2 Chains perform as fireworks went off on the strip.... some champagne would have been nice. We all love 2 Chains songs but were really disappointed in his performance. They ran short clips of each of his songs while he sang along and split after 15-20 minutes. The crowd was pretty trashy. We probably had 4 different tables try to start fights with us. The servers sucked!! The place stunk of weed. Where is the zero stat button? I would never go back to Chateau again. Anyone considering going should head to Surrender instead.
4	I've been here about 4 times now, and I've never had a bad time! I know it's not the most glamorous club in Vegas, but hey, I'm not knocking any stars without good reason! There is always good music being played and fun people to bump into, from my experiences. All the bartenders I've interacted with are super friendly too! The inside dance floor/bar areas are great but the patio overlooking the strip is what makes this place unique - it's too bad it was closed on my last trip (February). Cold weather, perhaps?
5	So i had hook ups here from a buddy of mine who promotes at other venues in vegas. Since i was staying in the area i figured let me check it out.Quick tip: women on glist get in for free and to drink free from 1030-12 and guys $10 on list all night. The main bar is outta control, youd figure for the crowd you would have 4 bartenders to work every bar. Drink prices are ridiculously high..beer $10!! I go to strip and pay $3 for full yard! So guys come with a good buzz and girls to give you free drinks till midnight lol.Overall the place is awesome!Great party vibe, sexy woman, great dj's, and nice view on the outdoor patio.
5	So me and 3 other girls went here thinking that it was gonna suck because of the reviews... But it didn't.It was reallllllllly crowded and there is literally nowhere to sit if you don't have table reservations. But who needs to sit??I drank jack and coke at $12 a drink. The music was really fun and the crowd was pretty hot.There is an indoor and an outdoor space that are both really nice. And there are 3 separate bars that are definitely needed due to the crowds. Next time I'm in Vegas I will absolutely be returning to this place. And I would make the 5 minute call to get on the guest list (for this club or any other for that matter, its not worth being a lazy ass). Or if you're gonna want a place to sit, make VIP table reservations.
3	Overrated. I went for a conference-sponsored event, and perhaps that's why Chateau came across as pretentious. It's probably better as it's meant to be-- a nightclub.Also, when I left, they made me leave by using the elevator to go down one flight, even though I had to take the stairs up. Weird.
3	I actually liked Chateau the first time I went. On my second trip with friends we arrive at 4 a.m when  most clubs are closing and they were going to allow my ladies in for free, but charge me $20. As a local, I don't pay to get into clubs that late with no headliner. Get outta here. We said "we're good" and went to another bar and drank the night away.
5	Love this club. Kevin the doorman is awesome!!!!!
3	This club is only good when they have big name guests and DJ's. Otherwise, mediocre. Definitely not my first choice for a birthday or a random night out. Hate to say that I was sadly disappointed with "Skribble Saturdays." The music was not on point and crowd was kind of dead. The only thing that would make this club worth visiting is the view on the terrace. If you get there when they first open the outdoor area you might find somewhere to sit. The third level on the roof top is gorgeous right under the Eiffel Tower. A good time to have a table there would be around late September-October, March-April while it's nice out at night.
4	Went here on a club crawl Saturday night.  Downstairs was boring, upstairs outdoor area was awesome and packed.  The music was great and view was amazing.  My only complaint was that some of the elevators were broken so once inside there was a long line to get upstairs.
1	About as cool as prison sex. Pretentious dump! Impossible to navigate your way out. It's like your in the labyrinth, but David Bowie's not there.
5	Ok i dont go clubbing at all, but its my bday weekend and it was a yelp event so why not. It was free entrance for the ladies and free drinks till 11:30! Oh and Ginuwine was performing, DID i forget to mention that ???!!! OH BOY i had a BLAST!!  I love a good DJ set and this DJ had me dancing all nite long. Kicked shoes off and all.Played all the good tunes old and new mixed it up . My friend had to pull me upstairs because i had forgot about the performence as i was really having so much fun. This was a really nice club, the set up and all. the rooftop was gorgeous and Ginuwine just as fine! I am not sure how they are on other nights but last night it was off the chain!
3	somewhat over reated I think.
1	Pretentious is correct. When I went, there was 1 bartender on. They dedicated the rest of the staff on security of the tables. They were making sure everyone knew they couldn't afford a bottle at the tables. (Even though I could have easily afforded it). They didn't even offer. Assistant manager doesn't deserve his job. His "hospitality" consisted of yelling at us and blaming the complete lack of service on everyone else. Great looking club but I don't suggest it and will never go back.
4	Free admission. Ginuwine concert. Held hands with genuine. Good music. Short bathroom lines. Did I mention Ginuwine? Definitely go to the rooftop-thats where the party's at!
5	Located in The Paris Hotel Casino on The World Famous Las Vegas Strip. I was there for a special, so i have no idea how hard it is t get in under normal circumstances. The club appears to be divided in two areas. The first is the nightclub. I walked thru here to get to the event. black lights a fog machine or something, made me feel like i was on an episode of Buck Rogers, sadly Princess Ardala was nowhere to be found. Now on to the area known as the Gardens. This part is outside with a great view of The Las Vegas Strip and misters to keep the temperature cool. I have no idea how much drinks are, again I was at an event. I say stop on by, enjoy the view. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	Better than pure IMO. Great DJ and fun crowd. Roof was closed for no known reason so they lost a star.
2	My girl friends and I stopped by here during our Vegas trip.  The line wasn't too bad since my friend was able to get our names on "the list."  But then there was ANOTHER line inside for the elevator that takes you to the roof.  Lots of lines.The crowd was meh.  And the drinks were pretty expensive and our well vodka drinks were hard to drinks. Cheap vodka for sure.  But the music!  Oh the music.  There was a famous dj playing there that night and he played the best mix of 90s and current hit songs. I give this place 2 stars because the music/dancing was the only good thing here.  Well, except for the view.  The crowd was super awkward and the line to the elevator was annoying.  Oh, and I forgot to add that the elevator usher left one of my girl friends waiting in line by herself. My other friend asked if she could get out and wait with her, and the employee said that if she got out of the elevator, they would both have to go in the back of the line-- what the faaaa?!  how rude.
1	The staff here is awful!  I went to the Chateau for a big celebration night expecting a night of dancing and fun, but the staff's pretentious attitude was shocking.  If it was just one employee, I could excuse it, but every staff member was equally rude.  Needless to say, we left and found our fun elsewhere!
4	club is gorgeous, rooftop is gorgeous very sexy and classy and a beautiful view of the strip.. the mirage is in the back round so everytime the water sho started that was are back drop!!!! i went for my dirty 30.. originally we were going to get bottle service at the gallery, but on the strip we seen that fat joe was going to be there and the bottle service for 6 of us was a real good deal.. plus josh gave me a tour of the club and it was BEAUTIFUL!we payed a little extra for roof top since that was where FAT JOE was going to be at and everything was going good UNTIL around 11am the elevators broke. they kept telling us that we were going to be moved downstairs. and fat joe would be downstairs.  for 1 1/2 hour no one could tell us anything and the rooftop got empty except for the people that had tables. 2 of my friends fell asleep.. so KILLED MY VIBE... the club didnt even notice fat joe came with his party and he had to be moved downstairs. Finally I spoke to the manager complained that my friends are asleep and fat joe is downstairs, security is harassing us about my 2 friends when they fell asleep because its so boring and dead and he said the elevators work and they are letting people up now. I told him i was very unhappy, so he refunded me $250. After that horrible 1 1/2 hour and people came up and i got some $ back it turned out real nice.. We went downstairs to see fat joe, then came right back to our table and the view is GORGEOUS!!  we had a lovely time stayed until 4am!! Josh the worker was real cool and since he seen all the BS we went through he got us all shots!!!about 2am it turned to a all white party and my party was in all back so we for sure was different YEAH we different lol.
4	Being next to a confectionary is a great idea. You can start out the evening with an ice cream cone and then move on to a fun evening in a proper Las Vegas nightclub.One of the best parts to this nightclub are the under the Eiffel Tower area & patio downstairs near the Vegas Strip. The views of the Bellagio fountain show outside are awesome.If you are staying at the Paris Las Vegas, this is a convenient nightclub to visit.
3	Pretty cool place, but not one of the top clubs in Vegas.The main thing I liked about it was the outside area, there is a nice view of the strip.
2	We were on the guest list (on their website) so the guy I went in only paid 30 bucks to get in n I got in free. Theres a big line to get in. Inside is so overwhelmingly packed that there is no space to move around and dance nicely. Music was hip hop. Mehh not my taste.Outside area is pretty nice, good views, but be aware theres nowhere to seat unless you buy a bottle, otherwise all the seats and tables are off limits and guarded by the security staff at all times! So annoying! Two hours went by and my feet were hurting so bad (my high heels) so I sat at the edge of a cornerstone to make my feet happy for like 3  minutes, I saw other girls doing the same (resting from their heels) the staff guy comes around and told everyone to stand up!! wtf???? the cornerstones are bottle service too? LOL WHAT A JOKE!!If that wasn't enough, drinks are so overprice.Overall what a waste of money, wish I had skipped it.
3	A buddy of mine talked to one of the guys outside the club the day we were going who got us a deal that let us "prepay" $350 in drinks, with a table on the patio, waived cover and allowed us to enter the VIP line.We did wait a bit in line (even though we were in the VIP line), but not as bad as the others there that night (it was a Saturday).We got ENORMOUS pressure to upgrade our "$350 in prepaid drinks" to bottles (starting at $700). They asked us in line, we said no, they asked up as we were walking up to the patio, we said no, the server asked us repeatedly, we said no. They made a bit of a stink about it (some of the staff were actually downright rude), until we just ended up tipping the server a lot of money. The view on the rooftop is gorgeous, but like any club of this caliber, the drinks are expensive (typically $13 for a standard mix drink and going up from there depending on the quality of alcohol). They played hip-up and the atmosphere was fun.
5	I attended an event here last night called nerdy dancing and it was amazing! The club is very big and perfect for some booty shakin! The music was awesome... they played a lot of Hip Hop which I looooved. The bartenders were very good looking and nice surprisingly since most of the bartenders on the strip are a bunch of A holes. The servers were also very attentive and polite. I hung out in the dance area upstairs and the view was beautiful you can see the dancing water at the Bellagio across the strip. I cant wait to go back to this place!
4	THIS IS MY NEW FAVORITE SPOT!!  After spending a frustrated night at other clubs...ahem, TAO.....this place totally restored my faith in Vegas clubs.  This was my first time going here; it was a recommendation from my cousin (thank you cuz!)   Love the swanky French decor, waitresses in cute little French maid costumes, and the music was off the chart!!  The outside area under the Eiffel Tower was super cool.  I felt like such a tourist!  Drinks were a little pricey, but totally worth the money.  There was quite an eclectic mix of people which I soooo dig!  It was a little bit on my crowded side on the inside, but once you've reached the outside area, it was a ascent into hedonism.  Four words to describe that feeling..."HELL TO THE YEAH!!"
1	"Industry Night" was a wash. Outdoor area was closed, which was the main reason why I came. If I had paid to get in, I would've been pissed.... free vodka before 12, definitely helped.
4	Wednesday night review:a. You can bargain down with them at the door regarding cover. b. They do play hip hop and top 40. c. The crowd is great looking but dressed more casually than other vegas clubs. d. The hotel is gorgeous, so be a tourist and take ceiling pics. e. Rooftop parties are always nice when it's cool and breezy at nights in fall or spring. f. Come to this club. Scott Disick hosted here.
5	Went sept 7th. Table service for a bachelorette party! best waitress. Good advice on ordering the fireball!!!! We had so much fun!!!! This place is beautiful. It was a beautiful night and the lights were so romantic! The music was great! All the songs I was singing and dancing to. No house music that night.
4	I am not club savvy, so to me all clubs are the same.  There was good music, booze were flowing, and it was outside which was pretty cool.  We had a table reserved, so not sure what the normal procedures are or what the drinks cost.  The staff was friendly and helpful, always refilling our drinks and protecting our table.
3	Every year I get invited to an industry party here at Chateau.  This year was the first year we were out on the roof.  The weather was still a little warm, so it was slightly uncomfortable for the guys in our group who had on long sleeved shirts and jackets.The party itself was awesome though.  The music and vibe was good.  The bars on the roof are small and get cramped once it gets busy.  Not sure how they can fix that without re-designing the VIP booths nearby.  Cocktail service was non-existent....I never saw a server and had to go to the bar to get drinks all night long.This place gets 4 Stars for vibe/ambiance, 2 Stars for service, 3 Stars overall.Return Factor - 50%
5	I booked a 5 person VIP table with bottle service on Vegas.com. I read a few reviews saying things were really unorganized and was a little scared about having problems at the club, but everything was perfect! My group got there at about 11pm. There was a sign that said table service so we went to that line. That asked my name that the reservation was under, found it, check all out IDs, and had a bouncer escort us through the club, up the elevator, and to the rooftop club. He brought us to our table and introduced us to our waitress. Our waitress, Crystal, was amazing! I loved her! I gave her an extra tip, even though it was already included in the Vegas.com purchase.  She was so nice and always came to me to make sure everything was okay. She and her busser was constantly coming by to refill our mixers and ice bucket. There was also a security guy across the room from us who told us he'd watch our bottle while we went out on the dance floor. Crystal was there for our every need. We never had to stand in line to order drinks and our booth was great to rest our feet.All in all, it was a great time. DJ Casanova was mixing and, for the most part, was pretty good. Everyone was helpful and nice. Everyone... the check in people, escort, bouncer, elevator attendant, waitress, busser, and security guard.We couldn't have asked for a better night. On top of all that, the club is beautifully  situated perfectly under the Eiffel Tower, looking out to a view of the strip and the Bellagio. We could see the water fountain show from the club.
3	Pretty solid DJs play here, and the Garden is the spot to be if the weather permits.  Nice open air, cool view, and nice table arrangements.  I would like to rate this club higher, but I just can't.  It is a bit overpriced for what they offer, and the downstairs area is usually no good.  Plus it is a MAJOR PAIN to order drinks at the bar upstairs.  They need to hire more staff, or open a 2nd bar up there.  The first level bar(s) are usually dead--but you shouldn't have to take a darn elevator just to get a drink.
3	This was our 3 club stop of the night. I was pretty drunk by then. No waiting vip entrance. Drinks was still strong. The outside theme was nice. Your get inside then make ur way inside a elevator up to the club. I was with a large group. Wasn't as pack as the last club we came from. Crowd was diverse. Okay music as i dont remember dancing there. Overall okay club.  As long you stay drunk anyclub is okay to great. Haha
1	Would not recommend to anyone. We went on a Friday night, and this place was practically empty... Maybe due to the bad music. They had some good songs but mostly just crap. Not worth going to really.
3	It's my first time here... We are just stoppin by to say HI to a friendBut where is LOU?! Oh there he is!! Ran into him outside! HI LOU! The venue seemed cool. I really wasn't there long enough to make a good judgement of it. Maybe I'll be back!
2	Perhaps it was because this was our last stop on our "club crawl" and it was late in the evening but Chateau left much to be desired. It seemed to be tired and the DJ was only so-so. It was getting pretty empty at about 2am.
5	This was my first time here so I have nothing else to compare it too if it was an average night or not. For those of us who ran the Las Vegas Rock n Roll marathon and half marathons this year this was the sight of one of our "pre-parties" on Saturday night. Runners got free entry and free vodka wells from 10-12:30, but it wasn't exclusively a runners-only night.There was a huge line which we waited in for about an hour, but once inside we were able to get at least two drinks within the time remaining.  The dance floor is small and the club is a long narrow room. VIP lines the walls and there is a bar on either end. For those of us regular people who don't VIP we danced all night. The DJ was great and he mixed a little bit of everything: old school hip hop, top 40, techno, and kept it moving so he wasn't stuck on one song for too long. They shot out confetti over the crowd a few times, and tossed out these light up wands for those of us on the dance floor. The bathroom didn't have a line when I went in, and since there was an attendant it was kept clean. Dress code is a must at a Vegas club though. There was a young guy in line behind us who showed up in swim shorts, sneakers, and his runners t-shirt. Bouncer told him to go home and "dress up". So bring your swag people.
4	i use to like clubs....the ones that i could afford. but living in scottsdale and visiting vegas, going to a club involves a serious time and budget splurge. that being said, my wife had free passes to the Chateau from her running of the Vegas half marathon. of course we waited in line for about an hour....which coincidentally ate into the "open bar for runners" time (hmmmm....). dress code is mandatory as it should be. a nice night out and i feel we should look the part...even if my suit came from H&M!once inside, we quickly downed as many free marathon drinks as we could and then started dancing. the DJ played an excellent playlist....techno, hip hop, old school, new school, pretty standard but his mixing skills were top notch. and he was interactive with the crowd which is always fun. bathrooms were clean and quick, and the crowd was a good mix this night. the place was crowded but not "get outta my way while i break dance biatch" crowded. if i was a dedicated clubber, i would go here again....and if i could get in free again!
1	Lets start off by saying that I am in no way or form anyone important and I know this , I am an average local I am 25yrs old and I hardly ever party at nightclubs , I rarely write reviews but when I do I only do so to compliment a venue . I work for the light group and have been since I was 18 yrs old  I have done everything in this industry and I have been to every light group venue , haze, gold ,light , the bank , you name it I've been there .. so for my 25th birthday I wanted to go somewhere new. My general manager had offered me 2 comped bottles and table at haze for me and my 10 closest girlfriends I turned it down because again I wanted to go somewhere new try some other place that wasn't part of the company I work for .. I ended up here with 10 females . We got a bottle to start with and I told them that we might get another if more girls showed up , we're all in our mid and late 20s weren't looking on getting shit faced just having a good time As soon as our first bottle is gone which was in 1hr a bouncer comes up and tells us that we have to leave the table now because our bottle was gone and they were going to resale the table !!!! The club was dead , and there was so many other empty tables . It was truly humiliating , I don't know what I was thinking by coming here the place was not classy at all hardly looked like they had a dress code by some of the people in there , security were a bunch of big headed 40 yr old assholes that probably get paid 10$ an hr and think that are so cool because they work at a club. Well let me tell you something I've worked in this industry and yes there is some of us who still treat people with respect but definitely not this place .. they don't care one bit about you or if you just paid hundreds of dollars for a table and a bottle that cost 20$ they will kick you OFF YOUR TABLE and tell you that u cant sit there anymore .. my girlfriends said they would buy another bottle so we can stay and my birthday wasn't ruined but I was so pissed off I refused to give them another few hundred dllrs for some more shity service. NO THANKS. with this being said I will never go back to this joke of a place that they call a club. We live in vegas people you can find a better club that will probably treat you 10x better, right down the street . Lesson learned .. I will be sticking to LIGHT GROUP VENUES
4	I ain't hatin'! Music was good, "open bar" until midnight. The free drinks are only available at the front bar and it's limited. AMFs are $14. Can't get Malibu. But whatevs...I don't expect much from a club that gives ladies free drinks til midnight. I still got my buzz on! I like to move around when I dance...and the bouncers were very nice when telling me to move back because I was dancing in a high traffic area. The crowd is not a crowd you would find at the hottest club in Vegas, but I didn't mind. I was there to dance with my husband. Some raunchy people were doing some moves they probably practice in the bedroom, but at least it gives you something to talk and laugh about ;DI was bummed that the garden was closed, but I had fun regardless! I wouldn't choose this club if I were to go with a bunch of girlfriends, but it was perfect for a night of dancing with my husband ^_^
4	This was a great place to spend my birthday with my favorite ladies! Chill atmosphere, friendly vibe, VIP booths on a patio overlooking the strip, bottle service and '90s hip-hop? Fuck, yes. My entourage and I were well looked after the whole night, and the DJ wished me happy birthday first... so neener, neener. We danced 'til 3 AM on top of our booth, drinks flowing and shoes lined up underneath the bottle service table.The bathroom was clean, well looked after, and had huge mirrors to take drunk top-model group shots in front of. The mirrors alone get 4 stars, because they are angled just so, so every shot is flattering. Thanks, Chateau. You helped make my birthday superhappyfuntimes.
2	I came here on a Monday night, so they closed off the main dance floor and just opened the patio area. It was slightly disappointing because there was no space to dance! But I liked how they still had go-go dancers to hype up the crowd! So if you come here on a weekday night, expect it to be more like a lounge than a nightclub!
4	We had table service upstairs in the open air. So fun!
2	Really uppity place in Vegas that isn't that nice. We went because my friend had already gotten our names on the list, but beware, there is a line to get through the front door and another to get upstairs.Drinks aren't that great for the price.
5	Nice place, nice people, great music. Everything was wonderful my husband and I came here for my birthday and had a blast!! can't wait to go again. We danced the night off it was amazing. The staff had curtsey skills which makes it a plus.
4	Our group met here for a club crawl by nite tours. We enjoyed 2 for 1 drinks on the patio before, then entered the club. The music was really good. Mix of house, hip hop, and some old school favs. The dance floor was pretty packed, but for a Friday night it wasn't 'sardine' packed. No issues getting in, because of the tour package... If recommend it.
1	HORRIBLE!!!! They kept a line for an empty club. Drunks were garbage. Music was so bad and the people sooooo rude. Been to a lot of clubs around the world and this place is one of the worst ever.
2	I'm giving them a low rating just because they charged me & my friend to get in (this was at 1 am on a Sat night / Sun morning, so there wasn't anyone in line) even though their website says local ladies are always free. What part of always free do they not understand? If they're not gonna honor this statement, then they should remove it from their website.We just ended up going somewhere else instead.
5	Was a good time.  Pertty spacious and the staff was nice
2	dont go here with your nice expensive shoes! stupid mistake..floors are wet and sticky from drink spills..crowd and vibe is ok (mostly a lot of black people-no offense) ..Bartender was rude that night ..we were just asking for a glass of water..directed us to the water fountain nearby which was dirty..they play good music on the other hand..and good view of the strip..
4	Went this past Saturday for a birthday party for 2 good friends. Had an awesome time! My friends and I were treated excellent by the staff. A few of us showed up after mid-night (almost 1 am) and were still allowed to get in under our reservation (will not happen anywhere else period). We did do bottle service 2 bottles of Ciroc for 450.00 + tax and tip = 600.00 (again, you will not get a better deal anywhere on the strip) Plus 100 points for my contact Joey! When we arrived I gave them my name for our reservation, waited 2 minutes and walked right in. I told them the rest of my party was running late and they told me not to worry. They just need to say my name. Seriously! Why cant it be that easy at every club in the world??? I must say from the moment I made the reservation I was skeptical because it almost sounded to good to be true. From the price of the bottles to the extra time needed for my party to arrive. They lived up to EVERYTHING!!! The set up was dope too. Outdoor setting under the Eiffel Tower at Paris. The weather was perfect about 74 degrees so I do have concerns about an outdoor spot during summer but for spring you cannot beat it. After we went through the bottles we bought several more rounds of Tequila at the bar which were also reasonably priced. The music was cool. Mix of EDM and Hip hop. More hip hop than EDM which was nice. The only reason it is not a 5 star review is because security kicked one us out. He was completely ok. Was NOT Stumbling or throwing up everywhere. He had a little too much to drink but responsibly drank 3 bottles of water and took care of his business neatly in a bathroom stall..True he made 3 trips but for someone who was not belligerent and just merely felt sick, he definitely had it under control. It may have even been something he ate earlier as he did not appear drunk. Never the less we respected Security's call because they were just doing their job and walked out about 4 am which ended up being perfect timing anyway.  So no hard feeling Security Guys! So on behalf of my party I would like to say Thank you to the entire staff at Chateau! We had a blast. Other clubs could learn a thing or 10...
1	Fuck in shit Chet too much  29 march we r chick in 7ppl  we paid $40 each & paid 100 get in rush to who allow get in and when we get in next bar one black guy allow to elevator he stop one of friend , i ask why he said he was drunk , I ask how , he said he get drink at bar . Then why they seal ? And he call some one old mustache guy  he said get out, then   we all out  pull shit  bz I'll in local  her this cheat we spend $380 at night we never enjoy bad experience management  has take action pls corruption has void pls
4	Not a bad spot!They have the indoor club area + the rooftop with great views of the Las Vegas Strip and of course bottle service available.
1	This club stinks. And damn you promoter for not coming through. The bride to be was very disappointed. Will not be coming back to this club ever.
2	This is the club for the people who can't get into regular (hot) nightclubs.  My wife and I visited Chateau on Friday night (04/04/14).  Through a third party friend we were able to get on the "VIP guest list."  We arrived at the club which is located on the casino floor of the Paris Hotel and Casino at about 10:15pm.  We will told we could not come inside until closer to 11pm.When we returned at 11pm, we noticed there were more people in the "VIP Guest List" line then there was in the normal "General Admission" line.  That was kind of strange.  Finally now inside the club, we bought a drink from the downstairs bar.  We got into the elevator and went up to the main dance-floor.PROS: Nice dance floor, great views, multiple bars upstairs on the main floor, cocktail waitresses dressed like french maids, and open fresh air on the dance floor.CONS: DJ was horrid.  I think the newest song he played was from 1998. We are talking - "Boyz II Men - Motown Philly!!" There was a lot of strange looking people inside.  Normally a club has some attractive people inside (guys and girls)... Not here.... This is the club for the people who can't get into the regular nightclubs.  One club-goer seriously looked like the female version of Bettlejuice.Grateful I have a friend who is very well connected in Vegas, so we didn't have to pay admission...however....my wife and I only stayed for about an hour and ended up some place else.I think it's time for this club to close down...change the name....change the DJ....Don't put everyone in the world on the "VIP Guest List"....spruce up a few other little things and Chateau will be back in the game.  Until then..... find a different club.
3	Looks like this club is hurting for business. We were invited on a Friday night for VIP service. We had a great time, but there were not a lot of people in the bar. There are two parts, one is a terrace that overlooks the strip and another is the nightclub/dance floor. I won't lie, we had bottle service and were VIP, so I can't complain. The view from the terrace is outstanding and they have live music on the weekend. The dance club is fun, with a great mix of music. We happened to be there on a night that Flavor Flav was visiting, so he was making the music selection and did a great mix a music. If you have the funds, bottle service and VIP is the way to go. This place will give you a true feeling of experiencing the nightlife on the Strip!
2	Went for my cousins 30th birthday, we bought a bottle and despite there being tables in the front the host puts us in the back. We all left the table to go dance and come back to an empty bottle. Waitress acts like its our fault, host and security do absolutely nothing. Only positive was the music, it wasn't all techno and taboo from Black eyed peas was djing. If you get a table try to get it in the front where security is because there's a lot of dirty locals that are friends with the host.
4	Descriptive phrase: rooftop dance club.Our bachelor party of 9 guys wanted a true Vegas club experience and Chateau Nightclub & Gardens did a solid job of providing that. Located under the Eiffel Tower at Paris, a gentleman kindly showed us around earlier in the day while they were closed so we could decide if it was our speed. We opted for a bottle service package that saw us get 3 bottles of Stoli with unlimited amounts of mixers. The service was absolutely phenomenal. When we arrived we were led through the abandoned indoor dance floor to the hopping outdoor garden, to our own private table. We were introduced to our designated bouncer and server, who couldn't have been more accommodating and friendly to us (and great at their jobs). Our table was right off the dance floor, which featured a live DJ and plenty of people. When we first arrived it was a bit quiet and the crowd was surprisingly varied in age, but as the night went on it became much more 20s and 30s and steadily more attractive. The views of the Strip cannot be beat, and the prices were more than reasonable for the package we got. It was nice to be outside and with a fun crowd that wasn't overly obnoxious. It could've been a bit more full (there were tables and areas completely empty away from the dance floor, and they didn't even bother opening the indoor area). But, again, service was perfect.
1	I waited in a ridiculous line even though I had bottle service. After waiting a half hour in line, I was walked up to a table and met my waitress. She was very nice. Caution: this place is very expensive. I'm talking $20 a shot! After we finished our bottle of champagne which cost around $600, our table was cleaned off and we were told the table was going to be used for other guests! We were treated like animals after we went to the roof top, making us wait in line to get in the exiting elevator. I realize it's Vegas, but I at least expected to keep my table so I could rest my feet for the night. No such luck. Be advised! They will boot you out!
4	Chateau is one of the underrated clubs in Vegas. It's definitely worth ones while, especially if you love hip hop.The drinks are fairly priced & the crowd is fun! We once went on a Wednesday & the tables were filled with older people (50/60+) but it was a Wednesday... & the music was great so we didn't really mind it.If you go upstairs, the line for the elevator takes a couple of minutes, but the view is nice when you get up there.The only down side is we were told my bf's cover would be X amount before a certain time & although we arrived before he was charged double. This was when we tried to get on the GL straight through the club rather than a promoter. We know better for next time.
5	This was one of the last clubs I went to on my first night in Vegas. By the time I got here I was pretty tipsy, but I had a blast! Really cool idea right under the Eiffel Tower :) Only thing is it is outside and in the summer is was pretty hot outside. I would recommend a big fan or something!
5	This was a beautiful club. As soon as you walk in you can see the do and the dance floor and if you walk up the stairs a bit you get to the bar. My personal favorite part is that it has a second floor that's outside right underneath the eiffel tower. It's so nice up there and go go dancers all around.
5	Well, since I got selfies with BACKSTREET BOYS here, how could I not rate Chateau as 5 stars?  Haha... so, somewhat more seriously, I really did love this club.  We went here for the "after party" after the BSB concert a few weeks ago.  I love that it is open-air, with the Eiffel tower sticking through the roof.  The bathrooms were great, it wasn't too crowded, and the music was good.  And we had bracelets that got us free cocktails.  So what is there really to complain about?  I'd go back, even sans-BSB selfies.
5	Came here on a Saturday night after being comped table service and a bottle of Skye.  Nice club - not too huge, but big enough.  Music was loud but not out of control.  Crowd was pretty cool and friendly.  The dance floor was outside, and the weather was perfect.  We were sitting right under the Eiffel Tower, which made for some fun pictures.  Security kept watch over our table while we were on the dance floor, and the waitress kept checking in to make sure we were doing well.  I was pretty impressed, though I don't have much to compare it to since I'm not much of a club guy.  I'd definitely come back again, once I have time to recover!
1	Pros: beautiful club.Cons: NO seating!!! Ladies, might as well take off your heels right when you get to this place because there is no seating at all! i was sitting on a wall area near the restroom for about 2 minutes when security comes over and tells me to get up. Then i tried sitting in the reserved area but security told me to get up (ok understandable, i didn't have bottle service) but then he told me i couldn't STAND where i was standing. are you kidding?? so we just left to a lower level of the club. BAD customer service - I told the bartender it was my boyfriends birthday and he literally said "so?"  no "happy birthday", no cheerful attitude or nothing! not to mention the redbull and vodka was $38 for two, and they were VERY watered down!!Overall, there are plenty of other beautiful clubs in Las vegas, if you want a really GOOD time, just go somewhere else.
1	So this place has good music, good location. But the service is HORRIBLE. They treat you like crap and Drinks are watered down. My girlfriend and I came here for my birthday as part of the Vegas Crawl and it seems like the only way to get remotely good service is to have bottle service. No matter where we stood we were told to move( I get it it's a club, we should dance and what not, but they had ruined our fun). The bar tenders were rude to my girlfriend killing the vibe and ruining our time there. Since we were there with the club crawl crowd we had no choice but to wait for them, or else we would have left since the first rude response. But hey, two people out of thousands they get what importance is our bad experience to them right?
3	I wish I could make this review solely based the fun we had once we got into the club and got alcohol in our system.Where do I begin? We reserved a table for bottle service for my bff's husband's 30th birthday. The promoter instructed us to get there before midnight and we would be escorted into the venue. When we arrived we were told to stand in the take reservation line. There were two other lines for general admission and guest list. Both lines were empty but there was another crowd that were standing around. The table reservation line was the longest one. We waited for 45 minutes to get in. The person who was allegedly in charge was one of those men who got beat up in high school and dreamed of growing up and being in a position of power. He couldn't pass the police academy so the next best thing is being in charge of a night club in Vegas.Once we got in we were given a booth on the main floor which I preferred. It was a really hot night so the rooftop was sweltering. Future was going to perform so not only was it hit it was packed. The DJ on the main floor was awesome. My friends and I were having a great time. At 2 we were told we had to move up to the rooftop because they were closing the main floor. They moved up our bottles and glasses. When we got upstairs they tried to put us at a booth for 5 when we paid for a booth for 10. My friend had to argue with people for us to get a table that fit all 10 of us.Around 3 me and a couple of my friends left and getting out of the club was ridiculously difficult. Why can't there be a quick exit.
4	This place was sooooo much fun! It was a little pricey to get in and the line took forever!  Once we got in, we worked our way up to the rooftop and danced under the Eiffel Tower. The music was decent and the atmosphere was okay. Tons and tons and tons of girls and some awkward boys/men. The bartender charged $5 for just a diet Pepsi and messed up our other order.It was a maze to get out but I made it into the cool air of the casino!
5	I was already having a pretty 'fun night' when we arrived at Chateau but I thought it was one of the coolest night clubs I've been to. You take an elevator from the casino floor in Paris up to a lounge-type area, walk through and up a staircase and you emerge on the roof of the casino, just beneath the Eiffel Tower! The view was incredible!The music was good, there were plenty of people but still plenty of room to dance, plus we got a free drink for checking in on Yelp!There were several dancing girls on platforms that I discovered the next morning I had taken several photos of. I will say I was trying to get a picture to show the view from/of the place. That's my story and I'm sticking to it!
5	I had a blast at chateau club it was so much fun. I was actually out celebrating my 21st birthday so I wanted all of my friends to have fun we had bottle service and the view was so nice !! I would deff come back and celebrate here.  Johnny was so helpful with everything .
4	Let's be real: Is this place the most upscale, trendiest, fanciest nightclub in Las Vegas? No.But I'm like 99% sure that's why I had THE BEST TIME EVER at Chateau Nightclub.Sidenote: DO NOT GO THROUGH THE PROMOTER NAMED "RICKY". Go through any other promoter for this club. Ricky is a snake and annoying. Okay, done. Where was I? Oh yes... BEST TIME EVER. Did I say that already? :)This club is the only club I've been to in Vegas that has decent, varying types of music. Mostly Pop and Hip Hop the night I went (which was a Saturday.) Honestly, who can stand EDM allllll thhhheee tiiiimmmeee? That's all Vegas is these days. Annoying, repetitive "dance" music that you can't even really dance to. Hip Hop is where it's at. And Chateau's got yo back on that! This place had multiple levels. Both levels open that night were outdoor. I saw that they had an indoor one but it seemed closed? Not sure. Anyway, there is a more calm level, which is where we had a private table. It's nice, relaxing, nothing too special.The rooftop level was INSANE! So so so much fun. It's a typical "club scene" with booths lining the outer parts. But it's huge! So spacious and wonderful because you don't feel like you have to stay in one spot all night. Not to mention, this place is beautiful! It's elegant and classy without being snobbish and intimidating. This place had a chilled out vibe while still offering the best of Vegas "nightlife" that you could imagine. I give this place four stars. It's not five for the sole fact that they didn't have that indoor place open. Vegas in the summer is not an "outdoor" kinda place. Granted, it was waaaay cooler in the night than in the day. But still, an indoor dance floor with AC would have been a nice alternative.
1	Went for a bachelorette party and waited IN FRONT OF THE LINE for 45 min! Reason being, our group of Filipino ladies were not dressed skanky enough! We had to remind the security/bouncer/rude ass shot caller that we were still standing in front of his tiny ass! 45 min later we were in. They prioritied 6inch -wearin-booty showin-boob poppin ladies. There is absolutely nothing wrong with that style of attire but when they play favorites in line by following sexist standards, that becomes a problem. What is the point of a line then?Ladies, if you care about self-respect and disagree with machismo, do not support this establishment. Very disappointed.
5	I'm a long time Vegas partier. I had been to this venue for a few minutes once and immediately could tell they had better hip hop than anywhere else. We decided to come back for a Labor Day and give the club a go. GREAT choice. Even after paying 50 bucks (20 for a girl; 30 for a guy) we felt we got our money's worth. The view is the best in Vegas. Right under the Eiffel and right across the Bellagio fountains. And it's open air. Even though it was a hot night the atmosphere was pleasant and cool. The decor is on point. The security isn't annoying. And the crowd is there to dance (except the one couple that got table service and just sat there the whole night). It's been a long time since we got that much good hip hop without silly techno beats messing up the flow. I will literally never go to another Vegas club even if we get free entry elsewhere. Get yourself a white gummy goblet at Sugar and walk over to Chateau. You won't regret it. Plus the line was short. One of the best kept secrets of Las Vegas. Thank you for a memorable night. Miss you Chateau!
5	If I could give more stars I would !! Shout out to Johnny R. For making my sons 21st BDay  tha bomb !! Had us in the club with a VIP experience like no other . We partied and closed down the place . The vibe was good , music was good and jus Dancing and partying on the Roof top is like no other. Shout out to Johnny again we had a ball!! Ps our waitress and security was on point too.
3	Ehhhh, this place is very pretty (the hotel's eiffel towel is right over you) but it's outdoors so it may not be the best idea to come here with the extreme Vegas heat.  Go on a cooler night.  The dance floor is concrete (I believe) so not many people were dancing at all ... but they had great music.  It's just sort of a strange set-up.  We were walking over wires and things in some areas.  The good thing is that there's plenty of space to sit whether you purchase bottle service or not. There's also a great view of the strip.We used a promoter so made no line on a Thursday night in June.
3	On our last night in Vegas, the girls and I wanted to go out with a bang. We decided to get bottle service for the first time. The package deal was reasonable for two bottles ($350 + tax & Gratuity). I will say that I had a great time. The service was on point, everyone was courteous and respectful.The environment was great. Top 40 music on Friday nights. Beware water is not free at this club. It is a rooftop/deck club so your outside. There weren't a lot of fans to keep cool so be prepared if its hot out.The reason I am giving this place a 3 star vs a 4 star is because it has been 3 weeks since my trip and I am still disputing an incorrect charge on my card. Two of us were charged incorrectly. The only person that handles these types of inquires are only reachable via email, you can't call them. As of right now, they are stating they have no record of me ever being there but my receipts and bank statement say otherwise. Hoping this can be resolved quickly.I advise if you have bottle service, bring cash. It has been such a hassle thus far!
3	Great view of the strip and the Bellagio fountains.
4	This is a pretty cool club. The last stop on our party bus tour. When we get there, there was a line of people waiting to get in but we showed up they checked our ID's and we walked past the line and went straight in. Some girls in our group werent dressed in very revealing clothes but they didn't get any trouble from the bouncers we all got in free and without waiting in line. The club is at the base of the eiffel tower at the Paris and has a cool view of the strip. Good music, DJ played all the songs we requested and gave a couple shout outs. I'll most likely put this on my list of clubs next time im in Vegas.
1	Worst club in Vegas. Fuck a club where you can't ask for party favors (meaning fireworks for a bachelor party) bc they have a zero tolerance for anything fun. And you'll get walked out like a criminal with the schmuck security manager and a goon bouncer. Ruined a Vegas weekend altogether and will never be back. Not recommended to ANYONE. F This dump.  Not to mention they took $700 of prepaid dough from my boys and didn't give two fucks about any type of refund. Avoid at all costs.
1	Ratchet!They let any and everybody in. I saw people with flip flops on, that looked like they just rolled out of bed. Oversized women with their belly hanging over the belt..... AND they were dancing on tables. After an hour I had enough, and walked over to The Bank in the Bellagio where the scenery and the music was much better.Don't do it. You've been warned. It boggles me that this place has this many positive reviews. I woke up the next day and felt kinda like I was scammed, lol.
3	This club usually plays hip hop which is cool.  The club doesn't get filled like it used to so now primarily everything is on the patio and not inside which is still cool because that's where the view is.The demographic of this club ranges from early 20's to 40's.  However because of the good music and good guest I usually have a good time here.  The staff here is great.
5	Went here 2 nights in a row my last Vegas trip! They played hip hop all night long and that's what I LOVE! I would definitely come back and probably get bottle service. Good crowd and overall great experience. 1 thing was the first night the bartender was ultra rude. Not sure what his deal was, but glad he wasn't there the second night.
5	Every time I come to Vegas I come to this spot. The DJs are on point. I have check in on Yelp and got free drink special.  Head up to the rooftop!
1	DON'T GO!!!!!! They have the worst management and treat customers like scum. I purchased a living social deal which was supposed to be open bar from 9pm to 4am. Instead they cut off the open bar at 1:30am and claimed they did so because people were too drunk. Instead of cutting people off individually and throwing them out. The used the excuse as a tactic to make more money knowing at that time people were not going to be able to leave and would not want to pay to get into another club. When I politely asked to speak to management, the manager explained to me that he made an executive decision. So I asked him for his business card as well as a note saying he cut off the open bar at 1:30 so I could request a refund. At no point did I demand drinks or act inappropriately. He refused to give me a card and instead called security to throw me out of the club. Security even grabbed me by the arm until I took out my phone and recorded the interaction. The manager at this place is a sleeze and treats people like garbage. DON'T GO HERE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
2	Thank god for a club that plays hip hop in Vegas! What's with house/EDM taking over?That's the only reason I'd come back, the music.And the cheap tables.Maybe the sheesha/hookah.And then the views.PS: The dance floor smells like sewer. Not kidding, it felt like someone took a dump right in the middle of the dance floor. PPS: The crowd leaves a lot to be desired. Like, you let anyone and everyone in?
5	DJ Justin Hoffman under the Eiffel Tower who could ask for more. Great outdoor roof top overlooking Bellagio fountains. Open format DJ refreshing great spot, good service.
1	They only played hip hop and no edm. The actual inside club was closed and just the rooftop open. We all thought the club inside was awesome and would've been more fun. The rooftop kept getting intense smells of crap, like a portopotty exploded nearby. It was so bad it was making me Sick. Lots of people just surrounding and watching the women dance like nasty creepers. Only redeeming quality was the free drinks till midnight for women, and the view of the bellagio fountains. Definitely shouldve gone to the club at MGM, way more fun and no shit smelling.
1	Biggest ASSHOLES! These people have no idea of customer service! I have been to parties in LA, London and Brazil and had never seen this type of attitude. I lost my id but had a photocopy. I called them 2 times asking if they accepted and they said yes. I got ready, waited 40 min in traffic and when I got there, they didn't let me in. When I called the same guy that said I could hung up on me and was very rude. I wasted 4 hours of my night, I lost my night because of them.This is my tenth trip to Vegas my friends and I always have bottle service. I will never try to get in there again and none of my friends. Disappointed, they could have handled the situation better.
1	Came here tonight and the management is full of shit and just stupid. We had a total of  8 girls and 5 guys. And he picked the first girl to not let in. His supposed excuse was her ID wouldn't scan. We both saw her information (her name and age) show up on his screen when he swiped her ID. First of all, we got in with no problems the night before at hakkasan and xs. Chateau we were just trying to get on because it was part of our party bus package. But the friends that did get in said it was so lame. In the meantime we got into other places that were pretty awesome. Customer service is so big to me and a turn off when an underpaid manager tries to tell me I can't get into a lame club. It was dumb and my feelings weren't hurt because it was so obvious that the manager was just full of it.  It just pissed me off because we were there for a bachelorette/bachelor party and just wanted to keep the group together for the night. It was classless (not surprised). We got into all the other big clubs the previous night with no issues. And let's just say the ID didn't scan through, wouldn't a manager of a club know whether or not to identify a real ID without a scanner? Or did he not get trained in that area either? I'm a marketing agent and this is no way to treat anyone. Chateau sucks, music isn't any good and the lines are always just one or two waiting to get inside which tells you no one really wants to go there anyways. Plenty of other clubs and bars to choose from. To be honest id rather go to walgreens on the Strip and have fun there than go to chateau. Management sucks and needs to go through some sort of training for just dealing with people. If you're going to lie at least be good at it.
5	Spent Halloween weekend at chateau, the weather was amazing and you couldn't ask for a better location! The Staff was friendly and the service was quick and everyone went the extra mile to make sure we were taken care of....thanks...Chateau!!!
4	Okay I came to Chateau for a friends birthday party the first weekend of October. I meant to write a review then but forgot. Anyway! My group (4 girls 4 guys) decided to get bottle service. All in all it came out to like $700-something, don't remember. Which isn't bad at all for an 8 seater booth right next to the window, 2 bottles of alcohol and on a holiday weekend (if you consider Columbus Day weekend a holiday weekend like Vegas does). I can't complain about the price. It was a win for the guys who would've paid more than that just to get in and then get a buzz. Anyhoo, that was my first time at Chateau and it was chosen primarily for the music. Most of our group liked hip hop and top 40 and that's exactly what we got. :) From what I remember (haha) the place was clean and organized. The bathroom on the rooftop was super clean! DJ was good. :) I danced my ass off the entire night on my own personal table thing lol. We only waited in line for maybe 5 minutes. Took a quick elevator to our table and immediately had drinks in our cups. Our personal bartender was really sweet too and she always had more mixers coming when we ran out. Oh! I also bought separate birthday shots for the birthday boys and 2 shots of patron was only $25 which in Vegas is a steal!! No crazy charges on my card and the bartender was fast and friendly. I took away one star cause let's face it, Chateau isn't the hot spot of Vegas. I normally buzzingly roam around Hakkasan or Marquee while in Vegas but took a chance here because of the music and the great deal on the table. If you want super upscale and mega party mini rave central then go to XS or Hakkasan. Oh and the view of Bellagio was breathtaking! :)
2	Went here Nov.1 2014.The club is very interesting, especially  on the rooftop. Nice views and people. Got bottle service which was a total scam here. I will never go back. I ordered a table with 2 bottles of Grey Goose because I hate Sky Vodka.  I was cool with the upcharge.  They tell me I have $160.00 credit for a reason I will never understand. But I can't use it towards my bill. I never received my 2nd bottle of Grey Goose on top of that. The bill was $400.00 more then told and the bottle service girl couldn't even break down the bill. I'm asking if this table cost X amount with gratuities, where did the other cost come from? Total frekin scam. On another note, music was fair. Mix of a little of everything. Dance floor is a good size. Well lit also, so you can actually see if you really have a dime on the dance floor or a buzzard. Not crowded at all which was fine by mine. You could actually get to the bathroom in under 1 minute.
5	Had a bachelor party here two weeks ago had a great time Johnny our I host took great care of us.  Bottle service was a great deal couldn't ask for a better time!!! Love the magnum bottles of Belvedere!!
3	Cons: I like hip-hop but what they played when I went on a Saturday night recently was basically the hip-hop that I don't really like- like the 'Bubble Butt' song and 'wiggle wiggle' song. It was seriously bad hip-hop and rap like that for most of the night. The drinks were $12 each, but were watered down, and I do not drink with any regularity so I was surprised when after two drinks I was still not feeling tipsy. Cover was $20 for girls. The floor was sticky, wet, and dirty and since they kept showering confetti on the floor, there was a combination of spilled drinks, dirt, napkins and confetti on the floor that led to your shoes sticking to the floor, tissue paper and napkins sticking to your shoes, and if your dress or pants were long, the hem of your clothing ending up totally disgusting by the end of the night. Pros: cover charge was only $20 as compared to $50 for girls at Hakkasan nightclub, which was our other option; it was cool to be on the rooftop and under the Eiffel Tower replica, the lighting and decor were nice, and we did not have to wait in line to get in. The only staff we interacted with were nice enough. Overall I had a decent time.
1	Discriminates against Men. $30 for guys, $20 for ladies.
5	I loved this Club!!! Got the hubby and I  on the guest list for Wednesday night and this place was jumping!!!!After checking in at the entrance we walked through the inside club area (the crowd wasn't large enough yet so the party was outside and the weather was amazing) and caught the elevator to the outside level! I felt like we were being taken to a secret level or something! Once we got off the elevator we were on a beautiful outside level of the Eiffel Tower in Vegas . There were 2 large bar areas, dj booths, plenty of sitting places, a nice size dance floor, and beautiful view of the strip! We went on Wednesday night and  ladies drunk free till 10pm. We also enjoyed an amazing view of the water show at the Bellagio. The dj was on point and the vibe of this club was just amazing ! I am sure to go back when I head back to Vegas!
5	One of my favorite party places in Vegas.  5 stars for ambiance alone.  The club is beautiful.  When I went on a Friday night we first walked into a normal looking club right at the entrance, it was empty!  I was a bit worried, we ordered a drink at the bar and they told us to go upstairs.  We took the elevator and when we got to the top I was so happy!  It was a beautiful outdoor area under the Eiffel tower.  It was really unique and fun area.  The music was great and the open bar for two hours was awesome as well.  We had so much fun dancing there.  I would definitely suggest trying this place out, when else do you have the chance to dance under the Eiffel tower?
4	This place played the best music of all the clubs we went to that night. This was the second stop on the club crawl. The music was great, the crowd was super fantastic, ONE MAJOR PROBLEM, the security/bouncers they suck at life, they kept telling my party "move", "you can't stand here", "you can't stand there", "you're to close the the special little velvet rope." blah, blah, blah. Tell the security/bouncers CHILL OUT, life is to short. Overall, I would come back....maybe.
3	All you can drink groupon definatley  worth it. Drinks were 9-13 bucks   Ouch! For vodka that tastes like the vodka you get at a gas station :( good times good tunes . The groupon was for 9-2   Outside on the patio... Got there at 9 only to be told they dont open til 10 and the patio was closed. Apparently only 1 bathroom and its across the entire club so if yer at the far bar.. Good luck walking through the dance floor every time you pee!!
1	I have to say, I am EXTREMELY disappointed with my experience here.  If I could give it 0 stars, I would.  I came to Vegas for my best friend's wedding...he's an army vet and just got back home from Afghanistan so he was really looking forward to a great time.  On his wedding night, we decided to go on this party bus that took us around to a few clubs on the strip.  The night was awesome up until we came to the Chateau. We were waiting in line just like everybody else.  He and his new husband were making out just as any newlywed couple would....well, upon seeing this the bouncer IMMEDIATELY tells them they are too drunk to come into the club. Ummm...nice try. Too bad I just watched you let in a group that was too drunk to even stand on their own!!  I literally watched two people hold up some girl, put on her shoes and practically carry her into the club because she was too drunk to function right before he denied entry to my friends!! We tried to rationalize with the guy but he claims it could not be reconsidered...seriously?! My friend had a couple of drinks but was nowhere near "too drunk".  Especially not as drunk as the people who could barely walk who got in right before us. Even the hostess of our party bus recognized how ridiculous this was and tried to resolve the issue but the bouncer still insisted my friend was "too drunk."  What he really meant to say was that he was "too gay"!! My fiance was with me as well - sober because he does not drink - and even he could see what was really going on here. By this time I had to go off on the bouncer because I was just too upset to stay silent and I already decided I didn't want to go into a place that condones this crap anyway.  And by the way the reviews sound below, it doesn't sound like this place is usually picky about who they let in their club so miss me with the bullsh*t.  This kind of discrimination is unacceptable. I am DISGUSTED to have witnessed this behavior with my own eyes. Next time, just do everyone a favor and hang a "no gays allowed" sign on the entrance before anyone else has to waste their time waiting for some bogus excuse to get denied...
2	We purchased tickets for the New Years party. $100 ea. we arrived at 9:30 and stood in a short line which we thought was to get us into the club. Once we got to the front of the line we were told we needed to stand in another line to get our wrist band. The line extended well past all the strip entrances and into the heart of the casino. We found the end of the line and waited for about 20 minutes. After a quick calculation of how far we had moved to the length of the line we realized that we probably werent hound to make into the club by midnight and if we did would have packed standing room only and no drinks. We walked back up to the front of the line to try and find someone that could assure us we would make it in the that the event hadn't been over sold. There was one poor sole trying to check ids and put wristbands on the people in our line, we left. I won't come back and it really bothers me that I feel like I was scammed out of my $200. This event was poorly organized.
3	Its been a couple of years. I can go ahead and give this place an updated review. I am came here for New Years Eve this year. Last time I was here was a couple of years ago for a friends party. Since then I have been to vegas a few more times, but never to this club. I must admit, I had a lot more fun this time. I think because I was able to see more of the cub. Its pretty big and most of it is outside. With the right music, and the right crowd, i think this place would be really awesome during the summer. The table service areas are really nicely put together. They offer a bit of space from the crowd. Also I liked they added space heaters out there because man it was cold! Overall, i think they have made a lot of improvements and would not mind going again during a regular weekend with table service.
1	New Year's Eve was such a disappointment.  Waited in line to get tickets for 45 minutes (although purchased tickets online) only then to wait in another line 30 minutes for entry.  Geez.  Hoped all that was over once we got inside.  We were able to get a drink fairly easily, but there was no where to sit.  With General Admission tickets, apparently they don't provide any sort of seating.  It was necessary to purchase table service to have a place to sit.  We even had difficulty locating a place to stand and drink our one drink; bouncers kept moving us along saying the area had to be kept clear.  Crazy.  The music in the three different areas was ok ... probably would have enjoyed it more if we just could find a place to "collect ourselves" after standing outside so long.  We finally left after one drink and spent our New Years Eve down the strip at a club where we enjoyed ourselves.  We felt TOTALLY RIPPED OFF by Chateau.
1	Terrible let down for our New Year's Eve 2015 celebration.  Not at all as advertised.  Bought a VIP table, but had to wait in a confused mob of both ticket holders and non-ticket holders, in no semblance of organization, to finally be let in after about 90 minutes.  Then, did not get the indoor table that we had a confirmed reservation for.  Got a bottle at our table, but couldn't get near the bar for our "free drinks from 9-12" for any other beverage options.  Bathroom lines were out of control.  The event was advertised as having three different types of music in three different areas.  However, you were not allowed to migrate from your initial assigned area, where the music was fair and crowd looked more to be off the street than at a classy NYE event.  We tried to make the most of all this, thinking that we would at least be in a good spot to view the fireworks at midnight.  Wrong!!!  While there were fireworks displays in three different directions, they were all either completely or near completely obstructed by surrounding buildings and structures.  Thought there must be a better viewing area that we needed to go to, as this was an advertised feature for this NYE event, but found out that was not the case.  Very disappointing, especially for the price!
