4	We came here after midnight - maybe even after 3am? Can't remember, it was a long fun-filled night. The waitress was wonderful, the food was excellent! The menu has a nice variety of Korean, Japanese and Chinese.
3	I stayed in the Harrah's casino so this place was just next door.  I found it near the end of my stay and wish I had found it sooner as I love a good Korean soup after a night of drinking and gambling.  And this place is open 24/7!!! The food was as decent as I've ever gotten for Korean in LV but didn't have to take a cab to get to it.  The waitress was very nice and the food was very authentic. Prices are as expect for Korean and fair for Japanese although I haven't tried anything other than Korean yet.  I will go back next time.
4	A gem. Feels like a beloved little Chinatown place that has been here forever, yet it's only been open for six months. Great food, great service, 24 hours.
4	Ginseng seems to be a hidden gem, probably because it's still fairly new and it's in a location that doesn't get much foot traffic (up a few escalators in Imperial Palace).  The place wasn't very crowded around dinnertime, which was a bad first sign.  However, the ethnic composition of the clientele was pretty heavily Asian, which was a good second sign.They did not disappoint.  Their Korean dishes were not A++, but they were pretty authentic and good quality.  12 bucks is a little more than I want to pay for soon tofu, but hey, it's Vegas.  Plus, you still get the free kimchee and assorted appetizers.  They also have some Chinese and Japanese dishes that looked to be reasonably authentic.And, as everyone before me has mentioned:  open 24/7 ftw!
4	being korean i've learned that i cannot go a few days without eating korean food i really don't know why, but it's something that i have to have within days. so i realized ginseng 3 opened about 6 months ago and my mom and i decided to go there for new years eve. we had the mandu duk guk (dumpling rice cake soup) because it's tradition to eat it on new years (long life or good luck...idk something like that) and it was good!!! i'm only giving it a 4 because i haven't had anything else here, but i will definitely update next time i go back :)
3	This is probably one of your better bets for a late, late night meal on the strip. Many of the 24 hour coffee shops in the casinos either stink or will have very long waits. Many casinos are trying to cut costs. For example, Bally's coffee shop is not longer 24 hours. That means the cafe at Paris is supposed to serve not only Paris, but also Bally's (they are connected by a shopping area). Imperial Palace closed down their coffee shop and now their late night options are Ginseng 3 or the really overpriced Burger Palace. Ginseng 3 is a bit off the beaten path so there usually isn't too much of a wait. I think we had to go up 2 or 3 escalators to get to it. We wouldn't even have know about it if we hadn't seen the advertisement at the monorail station (I'm sure the marketing guys will be glad to know their sign worked).Ginseng 3 is pretty much like the standard 24 hour tofu houses one finds in K-towns all over. They do throw in some other stuff like Chinese food, a sushi menu, and if you want some late night Korean BBQ they will bring a small grill to your table. The prices are really high though, but that is to be expected given its location. I think I paid $17 for a soft tofu meal, which is about $7 more than it costs here in Southern California. Still, I'd take it over the $12 burger and fries at Burger Palace any day. The server did not ask how I wanted the tofu and it ended up being spicier than I like. I think we liked this place more than we should have because we were in good moods being in Las Vegas, had a few drinks, were starving, and felt lucky to finally find a place were we could be seated right away (everywhere else was at least a 1 hour wait). This is definitely a place you go when you have no other choice. The food isn't bad. It is pretty good actually, but the prices bring down their rating score.
1	How do you say greasy spoon in Korean?  Below average quality, above average price.  Only one plus: open 24 hours.
4	Didn't eat dinner and then all of a sudden at 3 am I was very hungry. Thought about Going to Bill's Casino or Burger Palace but when we checked yelp on the phone and saw Ginseng 3 was open 24 hrs,  we had to go.  Pretty big menu with lot's of Korean dishes and some Chinese and Japanese too.  I ordered the Chicken katsu and it was exactly what I expected and very tasty.  The woman who was working was so sweet and funny.  I loved how she was really involved in watching Cops on the big screen tv and kept making funny comments.  Great 24 hr place and I will probably be back during the next trip.
3	Hidden, not forgotten.Ginseng 3 is a 24/7 restaurant serving only food in the Chinese, Korean, or Japanese genre.  It is found on a quiet fifth floor of the Imperial Palace Hotel and Casino.  It catered to us because we were hungry, were staying at the IP, and didn't want to walk far way for lunch.  The ambiance is very simple, the menu categorized by cuisine, and the service par.   I can say I was pleasantly surprised with the quality of my food.  I had teriyaki with 4 pieces of California roll.  The price is moderately high, but now I learn the risk factor is low.  To the drunk guy who  sat down at our table holding a bottle of Bud in your hand just to pay us a visit, I hope you're okay.  Just remember not to drop the "F"-bomb again when sitting with little children.  Seriously, let me know you're alright because you didn't remember what you just had ate there and I saw you struggle to the elevators. Ah, Vegas.
3	My family from Korea came to visit and on our trip to Vegas, they were desperately craving something familiar.  My plan was to take them to Grand Lux but on the way, my grandma began looking pale.  So, we saw signs for this restaurant and detoured over to Imperial Palace.  Up the elevator we went to the deserted 5th floor dining plaza where we were welcomed by a familiar Korean greeting.  My grandma smiled and immediately announced that she felt better already.  Their menu included Korean, Japanese, and Chinese dishes but we opted for solely Korean.  We had the duk mandoo gook (rice cake dumpling soup), dolsot bibimbap (mixture of rice, veggies, fried egg served in a hot stone bowl/pot), soft tofu soup, and bulgogi (marinated meat).  Everything was just whatever but watching my grandma grasp her bowl of rice with both hands and eat like her life depended on it made the meal more enjoyable.  Pretty expensive for mediocre Korean food in Vegas (like $90 total plus tax and tip .. just for lunch!) but the staff was accommodating and friendly.  I personally wouldn't come back but I appreciated the service and convenience.
1	We were staying at Imperial Palace so I decided to try Ginseng 3 while my husband was in a poker tournament.  It was TERRIBLE!!!  I had the beef fried rice, the rice was cold and not fried at all!!  The beef was too tough to eat!  TERRIBLE and a waste of money.  I should have just gone to Panda Express!!!!!
3	I saw the poster on the wall near the escalator, and noticed that they had SoonTofu (Tofu Soup) on the menu. SoonTofu is one of those foods that, whether or not you are really hungry, you can finish off and will leave you "satisfyingly" filled. The restaurant itself offers Korean, Japanese and Chinese entrees, but I'd say the emphasis is on Korean food. I had the Tofu Soup, my brother had the assorted tempura appetizer, and we split a sushi that had some special name - and had shrimp, crab and avocado. The tempura was your average fare, no better or worse than what you would get at a typical restaurant. The sushi was very good, which was due, of course, to the rice being correct - which leads me to believe that the other types of sushi they offered would also be very good. I was kind of wary of the Tofu Soup because the picture of the chili pepper next to it, but it wasn't that spicy. The flavor was pretty good, but I ordered it with the beef and found the beef to be really tough and it took away from the enjoyment of the soup - maybe next time I'll order it with seafood. I'm also pretty fond of dropping a raw egg into the piping hot soup and I didn't get to experience this either. The prices are a little higher than what you would get off strip, or even in Los Angeles, but that is expected. All in all, a satisfying and enjoyable experience
2	I would describe this place as a strange fusion of Japanese, Korean, and Chinese food. What's even stranger is that this restaurant is located in Imperial Palace. I never thought that I'd see an Asian restaurant with hot stone bibimbap anywhere on The Strip, actually. So, I give this place points for even existing.The food was, at its best, just alright. Mark S. and I came here after a visit to Oshea's bar. We had a late-night Asian food craving, and since this place is open 24 hours, we figured we might as well give it a shot. When am I going to learn that Vegas is not the place to find good Asian food?I ordered their hot stone bibimbap with kalbi beef, which was $17 -- Yes, I paid around $17 for the worst bibimbap I've ever had. Seriously, it came out kinda tacky, with a weird "chip" on the top, and I have no idea what it was to this day. All I know was that the "chip" was super salty, and there was only one of it in the bowl. Not to mention that the banchan was non-existent. In fact, we only had a side dish of kimchi and that was about it. The bibimbap itself was way too greasy, and the kalbi tasted like ground up hamburger, which it probably was. Anyways, it was easily the most flavorless bibimbap I've ever had -- you'd think I'd at least enjoy it in my drunken state.If you're particular about your Asian food, don't come here. To be fair though, I only had the Korean food. I didn't try the other stuff.Either way, with its ridiculous prices and mediocre service, I will not be back. I know that Vegas is expensive, but $17 for one bowl of bibimbap that had no flavor and no banchan is just way too much to ask for.
4	My expectations were super low when we arrived, after many terrible meals at various ip restaurants over the years (tea house, buffet, burger palace) I was pretty much just hoping to get something edible. The restaurant is Korean Japanese Chinese but it seemed like the focus, waiters and perhaps cooks were Korean.  My wife and I split a spicy (delicious) beef soup.  The waiter was excellent, he gave us extra kimchi, broccoli, sprouts, etc side dishes and an extra side of rice (for free!).Interesting to see some of the previous experiences at this restaurant.  I suspect because of the strip location there is prob high staff turnover (leading to inconsistent service).The price was a bit higher than I'm used to back home, but with the extras they gave us we were both full and satisfied for only $16 total!Anyways I would definitely go back here for another meal, the restaurant (unlike the rest of the hotel) was renovated when they opened a couple of years ago.  The central location on the strip and late night hours are just too good to pass up.One other thing I noticed, it seemed like there was a steady stream of IP hotel guests picking up orders and bringing them back to their room.  Probably a better option than IP room service.
2	All I asked for was some Asian flavors.  And with Chinese, Korean, and Japanese menu items, I would have assumed this wouldn't be too hard.But I've had better home cooked meals for a ton cheaper.Lettuce wraps-meat was tasty, but it was just plain chicken in plain lettuce...no garnish, or dipping sauce...nothing...most boring wraps ever.Dumpling Soup-Huge portion, flavorless dumplings, flavorless broth.  Simple can be beautiful.  This was not.Seafood Noodle Soup-For being neon red, it was not spicy or particularly flavorful.  The "noodles" were actually cheap spaghetti....really? Were actual Asian noodles of any kind too expensive?  The seafood in it was over cooked and also flavorless.Looks like Asian food, Smells like Asian food.....why doesn't it taste like Asian food?
2	The food:I ordered a basic avocado/cucumber roll as well as a rainbow roll.  The food was decent, but in all honesty I have had better fish.  My BF ordered some random Korean noodle bowl with vegetables and it looked tasty, but I never tried it.The service:Service was prompt.  Server was an asshole who hates his job, it's obvious.  I'm sure if I had to serve a bunch of drunk tourists dinner at like 2AM I would probably hate my job too, but seriously look somewhere else if you are not happy guy.  Anyway, he didn't say anything rude it was more his mannerisms and how he tried to rush us.  I felt like we were inconveniencing him.The Ambiance:Lacking, but for a full meal available at 2AM not too shabby.Positives: I was starving and found something to eat.Negatives:Pricey, rude, automatic tip added to our bill (with 2 people dining) the waiter knew he could be an asshole and still get a tip anyway.  At least I ate, but one thing is for sure, I won't be back.
4	I only went once, got the Hangover Soup (totally needed it) and it was great.  Spicy-flavorful but not spicy-hot.  Temperature hot though!  Broccoli sucked.  Service was fast.  Place looked kind of crappy but who cares.
5	Just what i neede for my hangover... Some hot hangover soup! Got me back into shape to party hard on saturday.  Nice clean restaurant with very nice staff.. I would visit again!
5	bomb ass sushi and there orange chicken mmmmmmmm!!!!! cant wait to go back...
5	super yummy food and friendly service
4	Genseng 3 offers great Korean food 24 hours a day.  While I realize they say they offer Japanese and Chinese cuisine I wouldn't bother wasting your time.  I say this because the majority of the menu is Korean, the waitstaff are Korean, and the cooks are all Korean.  While there, my party and I had BBQ Pork, BBQ Beef, Kimchee, Kimbob, and steamed wontons. Everything was absolutely delicious and at the end we were incredibly full.  The waitstaff were all very nice/attentive, and our food was brought to us promptly.  The only reason I dock it a star is that for Korean food it is pretty expensive.  22 dollars for a plate of BBQ pork that costs 8 bucks in Korean places from New York, LA, and everywhere in between is pretty expensive.  That said, It's Vegas and one should expect when eating in any hotel you're going to pay a heavy mark up.  Either way, I will be eating here next time I head to Vegas.
2	My boyfriend and I came here for a quick dinner/snack on a Friday evening .. around 8pm. We ordered something small to share since we had Wynn buffet earlier.The good:Spicy beef noodleThe averageAlaska rollThe bad:$3.00 charge each for a $0.25 Yamamoto green tea bag in a cup of hot water.Never mentioned that a teabag costed $3.. this is absolutely news to me.. I've never paid for tea at a korean restaurant not to mention it's simply green tea.. i thought it was always barley or rice tea? Gratuity of 18% was added to our bill. Tax was 9.50 %.. and I believe they add the tip after tax? I really felt like we were being ripped off.. isn't it illegal to charge gratuity when the party is less than 5? Will never go back.. maybe if we had 20 ppl and really feel like eating korean on the strip since gratuity is automatic..AND WE ALL MUST EITHER DRINK ALCOHOL OR ICE WATER.
3	What a great find in an old smokey hotel! This place has been renovated and is pretty nice. No windows or fresh air...of course. There is a flat screen TV playing Korean music videos on a loop - awesome! The entree dishes are around $10-15. Food is fast and decent here.
1	18 percent gratuity autocharged on party of 2!! Subpar overpriced food, poor service, had to ask four times for bill, then intercept the hostess at main table to actually print it out. Not only did we have to pay 18 percent gratuity for terrible service we were taxed on the gratuity as well! Please avoid this restaurant at all costs.
1	went here for lunch because we're looking for some asian food on the strip, checked yelp, saw this place has 3  star and pretty decent price. BEWARE that's not true. If you're from cali or seattle don't bother coming here.  There were so many wrongs with this place:food sucks, msg in kalbitang. we had bibimbap, fried rice, kalbi tang, tofu soup and spicy beef soup. not a single one of them impressed us.price is somewhat expensive. 12.95 for mediocre tofu soup, and 15.95 for bibimbap. fried rice has no taste. i don't know if they forgot to add seasoning at all.the food pic in the menu is totally different. bibimbap pic looks like it has plenty of veggies, the real thing is half the size and not filled with veggie. the fried rice pic is also different, it's like ordering sunny side up and you got scambled eggbanchan is only 4 kinds: cabbage kimchi, anchovy, beansprout and chinese brocolli. the kimchi taste like kimchi that you buy from ranch99 in bulkwhen asked for the bill, we had to wait 30 minsordered hot tea that costs money and the hot water is not refilled everytime. we had to ask the server for hot water, and she's so stingy with hot water. now i learned not to get asian food on the strip. best bet is go for the buffet.
3	Asian food is pretty pricey here, but that's how it is along the strip. You won't be able to find cheap Asian food unless you go to Chinatown (not too far of a drive). -Salmon Bento Box: $16.99 not worth it, comes with 4 pieces of California rolls, tempura, rice, and salad but everything tasted mediocre.-Tofu Soup w/ Seafood: $12.99 for a bowl and comes with a small bowl of rice. It was delicious over rice even though I ordered it to be mild. I shared it with 3 other people which came out to be a small bowl for each of us.-Bibimbap w/ Kalbi: Oh so delicious! $15.99 is a little bit on the pricey side but it's vegas. The kalbi was cut into little squares which made it perfect to eat with the rice.-Potato Noodle: I would skip this. I kept choking on the noodles cause it slides down my throat and it was very chewy. There was also barely any taste.-Exotic Bomba dessert: All their desserts weren't even asian! but this looked cool on the dessert menu with 3 diff. flavored sorbets covered in white chocolate. It was good, but not worth $8. They also don't price their dessert menu, so you may want to ask for the price before you order.I didn't bother ordering any Chinese dishes, they were wayyy too overpriced for Chinese food. I also assumed their sushi wouldn't be all that great either, there's no visible sushi chef. I also think that if they're going to charge everyone 18% gratuity, they should at least state it on the menu.
2	This place is waay overpriced. Being open all night is no excuse to jack up the prices. The sushi was delicious but everything else everyone ordered was lackluster. The service sucked. It seemed like u had to have an Asian person in your party to get the attention of the waiters. We had to wait 20 min for my husbands dinner because the waitress forgot to put the order in. To top it off automatic gratuity for lousy service. Definitely not worth the trouble.
2	We were at the  Imperial Palace to see a show, so thought we'd eat here after seeing an advertisement.  It was convenient to the show.  Food was just okay, nothing to brag about.  I've had better.  My husband ordered Kimchi stew.  I had some flavor, but nothing I'd order a second time.  I ordered stir fried noodle with chicken.  I needed a magnifying glass to find the chicken....maybe four or five  very small pieces smaller than a walnut.  Flavor was good, noodles and stir fried veggies good.  Again, nothing to brag about.  $3 for one tea bag and hot water....a little pricey.   Skip this place; there's a burger place on the next floor down.
1	I went in with low expectations.  I live in the San Francisco Bay Area,  so I live around lots of fresh, cheap sushi places.  Okay that being said this place was just okay to begin with, but after getting food poisoning I'm going to say it's not okay.My boyfriend and I went for Valentine's Day, there was no wait at 10pm and the servers were friendly enough.We ordered the tempura, a California roll and the Tiger roll, which came to about $50. That is a little pricey for me, since at home I could get the same thing for about $20 at a nice sushi place, but it is cheaper than other Vegas Strip Sushi joints. They also include an 18% tip on your bill, no matter your party size. The food was average. The fish smelled okay but I doubt it was fresh, but they use fake crab fill in everything to make the roll bigger. For example, the tiger roll was suppose to be avocado with shrimp inside and tuna/ avocado on top.  it came with one tiny shrimp and a small bit of avocado inside surrounded by the fake crab fill. The tuna was also not sliced tuna but a flaked tuna that was marinated and mushed back together on top.  I have had a lot better.The tempura was okay, but I thought it was odd to see onion rings included.  Usually I don't receive onions in the tempura.  This was only okay and not greasy, but The dipping sauce wasn't as good as other places I've been too. I was disappointed they brought the bill without asking if we would like dessert.  So I left without trying the Exotic Bomba, which had looked pretty yummy.  I'm glad I didn't add sorbet on top of all of this though, because my boyfriend and I got food poisoning after eating here, and we hadn't had anything else all day. Since we got sick from eating there we won't be back.
1	Horrible place!!!! I would give 0 star!!!! went here last year, they charged us extra money on tips. Not to mention the 18% Gratitude.. as if they're a high class restaurant? I don't think high class restaurants charge that much for parties under 6 or 7. We were only party of 2. They never tell you about the 18% & they even charged you extra tip beyond the 18%.. they're basically thieves. This year, I guess we were just too tired to think, so we went to the same place & well, the same thing happen again! Not to mention the horrible customer service, they don't even want to look or talk to you.. O I am sorry just 'cause I am not korean or something?! For 18% gratitude and NON VOLUNTARY ADDITIONAL TIPS. that they charge you after you leave the restaurant.. I guess I was expecting a little bit more?! the food was really whatevers, I had way better korean food than this. basically, DON'T GO TO THIS RESTAURANT. you will come hungry and leave angry!!!
2	So we are trying to find a sushi place and walk by the Imperial Palace Casino cause we see a sign for this place.  Right away I wasnt feeling it, but the group I was with was desperate and hungry.  *sigh*  After asking where the place is, we had up to the 4th or 5th floor.  The place is nearly deserted.  Only 2 people are there and you'd think they were gettin ready to close.  After getting seated we order some sodas.  I ask for Diet Pepsi, in which they bring me a glass of ice and a CAN of Diet Pepsi.. $3 FRIGGING Dollars.  Are you kidding me?  I can nearly by a 12-pack for that much.  What a rip off.  After going through the menu and realizing this is not a real sushi place, we all decide to not eat there. My buddy's girlfriend orders some soup (which I guess was good.. that's the two stars..) and we throw down $10 and get out of there.  Bleh...
4	5am dumpling soup with a side of kimchi and broccoli? Yes please! Prices were high but my soup was wonderful and my friend's sushi roll was raved about. Our waitress was sweet and accommodating. I am a big sauce person and when I requested chili sauce I was brought a saucer of sriracha, some sesame oil, pineapple sweet and sour sauce and hot chili oil. That food cured the hangover before it even started!
3	We came here for dinner and it wasn't too busy, there were probably two other parties there when we came in. The food is really good and they play some pretty interesting Korean music videos. The only thing is they are pretty expensive... but at least the waiter we had was cute! Since the food was pricey, I don't know if I would come back though, even if it is just to gawk at the cute waiter. LOL.
2	My boyfriend & I were desperate. We needed to eat something before we saw the Matsuri. So we ended up eating here. Yes, it's vegas and food is usually over priced. But at least over priced for good food! Anyway, we got a 20% discount check for this place and it still ended up overly expensive.Rainbow Roll: $14And my bf got some kind of soup for $16.And we ordered soju (she told us there would be tiramisu soju but it ended up being a regular flavor soju). The soju is $18.They included the gratuity tip to the check, it came out to be $50. Superrr expensive for pricey food. For $50, I would have went to the WYNN Buffet instead!Anyways, the food wasn't terrible but it wasn't delicious either. It was your average conveyor belt sushi. If you can, avoid this place and go somewhere with better quality of food.Will not be coming back.Yes, this restaurant is extremely dead and it was on the 4th or 5th floor. And the escalators weren't working. Such a dead and ridiculous hotel. The line for check in were never-ending, the front desk to the bars in the back. It was hard to maneuver in this hotel. No, Thanks. PASS.
5	I've been meaning to write a review for Ginseng 3 every since my birthday this past New Years.This will probably be a 5 star review that most won't deem fit but F*ck it. Ginseng 3, yall deserve 10 flippin stars for saving my hungover, zombied out ass for lunch and dinner!!!... come to think of it, u saved my girlfriends too. Awesome service, and delicious Dduk Mandoo Gook ( rice cake & dumpling soup) for that oh so nauseated stomach. Retarded, I know for me and my girls to eat here for 3 days straight for lunch and dinner. lol But damn... when your running on alcohol, cigs, and whatever else, this place will save your life.
1	This place SUCKS!First off, we were waiting for FIVE minutes to be seated at 1 AM.  There were 3 other parties there.  The two waitresses/hostesses saw us standing there but they blatantly ignored us.  When finally seated us, it took forever to order.  I don't understand why they were so slow.  Maybe they didn't like fellow Asians?The food was mediocre.  Not bad, not good.  But as you can guess, it took FOREVER to come out.  The outrageous thing was they had the balls to include 18% gratuity for 2 people.  Do not ever come here.  Ridiculous service.
3	As everyone else mentioned, the best thing about this place is that it's open 24/7. So, my boyfriend and I came to eat here around 3AM since it was close by and seemingly the only restaurant open at that time. This is definitely more of a Korean restaurant with some Chinese and Japanese items on the menu. There's even a TV playing non-stop Korean music videos on the wall.Our waitress told us that the only items that weren't available were the bento boxes. Which was fine, because I was craving some soup, so I went with the kimchi jjigae. My boyfriend ordered the orange chicken, which came with rice and broccoli on the side. The panchan came out first, but there were only about 5 sides. I liked my soup, but the chicken was just so-so. It's probably best to stick to the Korean items on the menu. For drinks, soda is served in a can.The service was good, but there weren't too many people there. On the downside, we were automatically charged 18% gratuity for only two people. I agree that the tipping policy should be mentioned somewhere on the menu, so it's not such a shock!Expect prices to be high here. It is Vegas, after all. But if you're out really late, and you don't want greasy fast food, this place is worth a try.
1	The food is just okay and it is a little expensive but the worst part is the service. We were one of three tables in the entire restaurant and asked our waiter for water and he went to the back and never brought any. After about 10 minutes the other waiter came out and we asked him for water and finally got some.  As other people mentioned, they added a gratuity to the bill, which I questioned since we were a table of two.  The cashier immediately took it off the bill and explained that they add gratuity during conventions because people from other countries don't tip. I thought that was a pretty crazy statement.  Avoid this place!
2	The only reason we stepped foot in IMPERIAL PALACE was FOR HASH HOUSE A GO GO! we got here at 11:04 pm on a SUNDAY. CLOSED at 11pm ON OUR LAST NIGHT! missed it by 5 MINUTES!!!!!! AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHSO UPSET!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!so next best thing.. go up to floor 5 .. to ginseng 3#1 overpriced by $2#2 the young lady was very nice and attentive#3 the "mom/owner" of the restaurant was super nice and attentive#4 we ordered #18 & #19 i forget which one i had, but it tasted blandthe 2 stars if for the young lady employee & mom.
4	This is a Asian Fusian restaurant with Chinese, Korean and Japanese food.  It's located inside Imperial Palace and is open 24/7.The spicy pork was very good, but pricey ($20+ for small portion).  The roll was good.  The service was excellent.
1	WORST SERVICE EVERY. We never got a refill of our waters. Small portion size for the price.they put on an 18% service charge (TIP) when Service was bad. I would never go back!
1	Not very good. I wouldn't eat here even if it's open l ate. Not anymore, at least.
5	Avacado cucumber roll is the best I've ever had. Small portions but phoenominal. Even though it is in a dumpy casino, don't be fooled!
4	Second time I've been here. Both time were tonight, spaced about 6 hrs. I'm in love with the spicy beef soup. It's perfect. I've had it at other Korean places, (mainly Korean town in L.A.) but they usually don't make it spicy enough, probably because I'm a white girl. This place in general is expensive and you HAVE TO make sure they don't add an 18% gratuity to your bill (even for 2 people, so I've read) which didn't happen to us, but they did charge us $2 for take out... Which I feel is unnecessary. Regardless... if I have the money to spend, you'll see me here again.
3	We came back on a recent trip. Once again, I was in the mood for soup but was debating between something cold (naengmyun) or something hot. The waiter informed me that they stop serving naengmyun at 10, so I was out of luck there. I had the kimchi jjigae again, and I loved how it came with pieces of dduk (rice cake). My boyfriend had the orange chicken again, and he requested for it to be spicy. It wasn't, but the waiter was nice enough to bring out whatever hot sauces they had in the back. For a mostly Korean restaurant, I was disappointed with their selection of soju. They only had one brand, but it was fine. They had less panchan this time, only two types of kimchi- cucumber and cabbage- and steamed broccoli. Our waiter did a nice job. He was attentive and refilled our drinks and panchan without bothering us. When we got the bill, we were expecting an automatic tip, but they didn't do it this time! Perhaps they changed their policy. Still A-ok for late night Korean food in my book.
1	I can't believe I keep going back to this place time and again.  Why?  The food is just OK.  The service is horrible, even though they beg to differ by adding an 18% gratuity to even a party of two.  Service must be good for them to add the gratuity automatically for any number in the party.  I hope I didn't forget to mention the 4 small little banchan items they give to snack on and their astronomical prices compared to other Korean restaurants.  I must like this place.  Because...why else...why else would I keep coming back?  I must be an "M" or just a plain lazy ass when I'm staying at Harrah's and don't want to go far to eat good Korean grub (e.g. Spring Mountain Road), so I walk to the IP and disappoint myself yet again at Ginseng 3.  It's OK, I like beating myself up losing a few bills at the IP and my sanity at Ginseng 3.
1	I went here once when I was in Vegas with family (and we really didn't have an idea of what to eat). The food was okay. I had a kimchi stew, but I thought it was somewhat disappointing.  The amount of kimchi served was almost nothing...and they charged my mother two dollars extra for an extra serving when she asked. Most korean places would serve you extra for free. My mother and sister ordered fried rice. The portions were terrible and I thought it didn't even smell that good when it was delivered. It looked like something I could've easily batched up for under 2 dollars, though in much higher quantities. It gets even worse when they automatically add 18% gratuity when the service is virtually non-existent. Turned what was a 36 dollar meal in to a 50 dollar meal after gratuity and taxes. Terrible.
3	I don't know what happened? 2 years ago I used to come to "Ginseng 3" all the time. There used to be a very charismatic Korean kid working here who would provide excellent customer service and run the whole restaurant by himself. Also, the food was always good. The Korean BBQ beef was always flavored to perfection, and the Chinese-Korean noodle dishes were better than what you get in Korea Town.  The free appetizers were always of the highest quality because they would make all the variations of kimchee by scratch and not order it premade. Yesterday, I came here with my best friend. He flew in from Norway and wanted some Korean food. He had been craving it for years since the only Korean restaurant in North Norway recently went out of business. The moment we stepped in, everything was different. The server was a new guy who was extremely hands off and barely came around. The free appetizers were no longer of high quality and was that generic kimchee you get prepackaged at those Korean markets.  The BBQ beef, which had gone up in price to $25, was now almost flavorless and tasted like they marinated it for only 10minutes and cooked it in a toaster oven. At most all Korean restaurants, they give you enough beef for 3-4 people. This place charges $25 and gives you only enough food to feed one person. For only like $9.99 you can get AYCE Korean Beef at some places and it tastes 100 times better than this.   The Sushi I ordered tasted like they made it in the morning and refrigerated it.  As we all already know, Sushi is my favorite food in the world. I didn't expect "great" sushi from this place, but I did expect mediocre sushi. It wasn't even mediocre! To tell you the truth, I have never had bad sushi from a Korean style sushi restaurant. Korean sushi chefs are very creative and innovative and try to invent new styles and sauces for traditional sushi, which always turns out really really good. So, whenever I want great Sushi, I go offstrip 15 miles to "Sushi Bomb" where many of the chefs are Korean. My sushi at "Ginseng 3" was the first time I was disappointed while eating Sushi at a Korean style restaurant.   Even though the service was so bad, my friend still left a giant tip. I don't know why Europeans always leave such big tips even though service sucks?This was a first for me. It was the first time I ever had Sushi I could not finish, and it was the first time I ever got bad service from a Korean restaurant. Usually Korean restaurants have excellent service. Not this place... Oddly, the restaurant is now busier than it has ever been. Back a couple of years ago when the service and food were actually good, they  never had this many customers. Very strange...I'm still give it 3-stars because my friend liked this place. I guess most Europeans can't tell the difference between bad and good Korean food.
2	Atmosphere: so-so. Restaurant itself is good, but have to go through elevators and the Imperial palace atmosphere. :-/Food: is decent. Price: over priced. Highlight: pa-jun is goodWarning: tips are included in your bill for party of six or more. First time being in a Korean restaurant that does that. Others: not a place I would take my guests to.
2	We ordered the spicy pork, which was sweet, tough and very greasy.  The fried dumplings were regrettable although not a complete failure as the spicy pork.I asked the server if what she gave us was actually spicy pork since it didn't even have a hint of spiciness.  She said it was, and that the degree of spiciness depends on the chef working that day.  Meh
3	Food was definitely overpriced but I think it was well worth it because my boyfriend and I spent hours looking for a decent place to eat (all the hotel restaurants are expensive for those who are on a budget).  At the same time, we didn't want to go to a cheap place where the food is too greasy and has no quality.  Minus the price, I thought everything was great.  BEST BIBIMBAP EVER (or maybe it was 'cause I was extremely hungry)!!!! The Cali rolls were okay.  Maybe because they didn't put a lot of mayo so it seemed really healthy which I didn't mind but I wanted my fattening/delicious Cali rolls.  Service was good.  The workers kept on asking if we needed anything and if the food was okay but then I heard someone clipping their nails.. At least they did it after they cooked and served my table xP
4	Did I eat at the same restaurant as all the other Yelpers ranting about this place?Confused.I actually enjoyed my two dinners here. The service is good (the owner took care of us both times) and while the price is pretty high (I think it's because it's Vegas AND vegetables are hard to come by in the desert...), the food is flavorful and well-made. I am highly critical of my Korean food and always end up comparing every Korean restaurant to my mother's cooking (obviously), so admitting that the food is good, means that it is well above mediocre. While there were dishes that I think taste better in my mom's kitchen or at other restaurants (i.e. spicy tuna roll), I was in HEAVEN with their Kimchi "pancake" (pa-jun). Delicious. Definitely the BEST kimchi pa-jun I have ever had in my entire life - better than my mom's! I'm stilling thinking about it and silently crying that I can't just eat it whenever I want. And lemme tell you, I have had mountains and mountains of pa-juns in my life because it is one of my favorites. I have yet to taste one as good as Ginseng3's!
2	It was okay. I only came here because it was the only restaurant within the Imperial Palace Hotel that was still open past midnight.  I ordered the $10.99 udon, & that was only okay. The soup base was good though.  My husband got the combo fried rice, & that wasn't good. The meat was dry!  All I could think about was how I can make better fried rice than that!  They added peas & cube-cut carrots to the fried rice, and to me, I think that makes the rice look like it could have come from Panda Express! Thus, ordering any fried rice here is like paying for a more expensive version of fried rice for cheap quality. I don't recommend their fried rice.
4	So I was wary after reading the reviews, but Korean good sounded good. We ordered the kimchi pancake, kimchi jjigae, and soondubu jjigae. The server brought out the banchan, and it immediately made us question our decision. But then, the kimchi pancake came out. It was perfect, crispy around the edges and chock full of kimchi. It had the requisite tang I expect to taste in a good kimchi pancake.Both jjigaes were quite good, probably the best kimchi jjigae I've had in a restaurant stateside. The soondubu jjigae was good but could've been a touch spicier.All in all with the 10% coupon I had, it was a good deal in my book. I think I'd avoid the BBQ options and stick to the jjigaes, as that is where you get the most bang for your buck.And the service was great too!
5	My husband and I ate here after seeing a play down the 'strip" and walking back with a Fat Tuesday's drink. It was not super busy at 2AM and the service was great. I had the Deluxe Sushi platter and loved every bite.My husband was feeling adventurous and had always wanted to try kim chi so he had the kim chi stew and could not stop raving about how much he loved it. If we ever make it back to Vegas we will be visiting Ginseng 3 again!
2	Located inside the Imperial Palace casino. The dinning room is casual and very nicely put together with a pretty good atmoshphere. I was a little annoyed that when I went to make reservations they said I wouldn't need them so not to worry but when we arrived and it was pretty empty  I of course asked for a booth to which I was told "the booth section is currently closed". I decided to just accept the table that was given since we were already planning to see a show and either way it was empty. The wide array of choices is interesting yet somewhat pricey. I ordered the orange chicken which was great but the portion wasn't exactly worth the price. I also ordered a crunch roll which was actually some of the best sushi I have had in awhile. The soda/tea that were ordered were priced at $3 each with the soda coming in a regular can with a glass of ice on the side (free refills but still $3!!!). All in all the food was great, ambience was okay, service could use a little work and the pricing is reasonable. I will go back IF im at the Imperial Palace but I can't say I will go out of my way to eat here again.
3	We were wandering around waiting for our room at a nearby hotel. I had the sushi platter and my wife had the Pho (which she said was delicious). The service was great and the food was pretty good. It's in a very inconvenient location, though, up two escalators at the Imperial Palace. I wouldn't go out of my way to get there, but if I was in the area I'd stop by.
3	This served its purpose for me- I was hungry and on my way from the train stop behind the Imperial Palace to my actual hotel on the strip. I needed to eat fast and was a little dehydrated from the climate and walking around a tradeshow all day. I had the Dumpling Soup and some sushi rolls. While I've had better of both elsewhere, the service was fast and the food came out quickly so I was thankful. The soup definitely helped my dehydration. I recommend this place for a hangover or quick lunch if you are exhausted by the strip buffets.
3	This was definitely a case where the wide array of Yelp reviews averages out to a pretty realistic representation of the experience you can expect. Of course when you're wandering through the Asian-themed Imperial Palace, it's completely reasonable to start craving Asian food -- pho, naeng myun, gyoza, orange chicken, soon dubu... this place has a more or less all-encompassing menu of late-night Asian (and pseudo-Asian) comfort food.I was really tempted to get japchae (one of my favorite noodle dishes!) but then I spotted the bibim naeng myun (spicy cold noodles) and just had to get it. It had been so long since my last bowl of cold chewy buckwheat noodles drenched in a gochujang-based sauce and topped with Asian pear, beef, and a boiled egg. The bibim naeng myun here was fiery red but not very spicy. I had to ask for more gochujang. It helped. Pretty overpriced at $12+ but not bad.M was really craving pho so he ordered the pho tai (Vietnamese beef noodle soup with sliced beef). The broth was okay, pretty comparable to the Korean-owned pho places here in LA. Nothing that a dollop of hoisin sauce and a squeeze of lime couldn't improve.The dining area was reminiscent of BCD Tofu House (the newly remodeled one off Wilshire in LA) and the staff was largely Korean. Having observed that, I'd recommend going with a Korean dish from their extensive menu (naeng myun, soon dubu, kimchi chigae, etc.). Relatively more authentic. It's situated off the beaten path, up a few escalators, but if you're hungry late at night and craving the Asian persuasion, check this place out. It's A-OK!
4	The Korean dishes were great. Good portions but a bit pricy. Only the bipbinbap wasn't quite up to par but still enjoyed my two visits there. The cheap 10 dollar pho was very delicious as well. I think this is the best dining place at the Quad.
4	24 hour Asian food in Vegas for a good price? I'm in on that! I ate at this place twice while staying at Imperial Palace. Both times I went for soup, once for the beef Pho and once for a beef rib stew. Both were very good and reasonably priced (for Vegas!). The only weird thing was they gave me parsley instead of basil with the Pho???The customer service was great and i received my to go order promptly. Definitely a place I would recommend for late night cheap eats.
1	Went there for dinner with 8 more others and ordered 10 different dishes. But when then cheque came... There was extra charge... Charged 11 dishes...Be careful when eating there. Checked with the boss and she even counted the dishes and confirmed the bill was still correct.... But we insisted it was wrong an she then accepted it... The receipt was not properly written and very vague...Be careful!!!!Food was not that good too, kimchi stew was too sour, waited pho for 45 mins to come out.
1	Wanted a savory breakfast before flying back after CES -  big fan of various Asian dishes - especially wanted Pho.  On the plus side they were nice ... howeverIt was a bit expensiveThe Pho - outside of the fresh bean sprouts had insipid bland soup base and chicken that was just barely moister then jerky.  Seriously I have never had chicken that tough and chewy.  It didn't taste bad but ... ugh ...Did only eat one dish - there was a woman across the room who seemed to be enjoying her fried rice .... but my meal was not good.  Avoid.
5	I really enjoyed the pho.  Only complaint for me was there wasn't any basil, however, it was still really good.  I also ordered some Tuna Nigiri that melted in my mouth.  I will definitely be coming back.
2	This place was alright. The price and the portion doesn't match. It's nothing different compared  to a hole in the wall Chinese spot. I'd rather have gone somewhere else.
1	Small portions for 14$ and food was horible, ,,do not go
3	Came here at 5 am in the morning trying to avoid a hangover, and I was craving pho. Located in what is now called the Quad (formally Imperial Palace) this restaurant claims to make japanese, chinese, korean and vietnamese dishes. Although the pho was very much border lined mediocre, the upside is that this place is open 24 hours. I would firmly recommend to not really have your eye out for this place if you plan to come to vegas, but if you REALLY want to get "asian" style food, and a very late time then maybe this would be a OK option. The other thing about Ginseng is that it's pretty expensive for what it is. Prepare to have you ears be drowned in the sound of asian pop music. If it's your thing then your in luck, but in my opinion, i'd rather eat to something that is not a fast poppy tempo. Nice waitress though, and fairly clean space.
3	A 24-hr Asian restaurant nestled in the midst of a casino food court, claiming to specialize in Chinese, Japanese, Vietnamese AND Korean food, and recommended by a white security guard who probably would've suggested Panda Express to us just because we are Asian? We definitely approached with caution, but since we had trekked over to the Quad in the cold just to find that our original destination, Hash House, was already closed, we gave it a shot.It wasn't as bad as we had feared. The prices are steep (no $6 bowls of pho here), the service rather inattentive despite the fact that we were 1 of only 3 groups there, but the food itself was halfway decent. It may have helped that it appears Korean-run and we ordered Korean food. The soondubu, which I don't remember coming with an egg, tasted fine. The jiggae was almost the same, with kimchi and a bit more variety. The panchan selection was very limited. Overall, the food and prices do not compare to anything in K-town or Cupertino, but if you're in Vegas and realllly want yourself an Asian food fix without the hassle of going all the way out to Spring Mountain Rd, Ginseng is an okay alternative. Just don't expect anything amazing.
3	My wife and I went to the Quad to see a show, and decided to eat at Ginseng 3. The menu caters to a variety of Asians food. Thai, Chinese, and, Japanese we order a little bit of everything. My only complaint is that there is an automatic tip in the bill 16%. The restaurant is nothing special a little overprice, but what can you expect when eating on the strip.
5	This was the best late night place that I have ever eaten drunk in my life! I had a soup that was to die for and the sushi was amazing.  I will go back to this place a hundred more times when in Vegas!
5	It is a bit hard to find this hidden gem inside the Quad hotel with all the constructions going around. But once you find it, you'll love it! I tried their spicy jumbo shrimp and sliced short ribs. Sooooo delicious. They both come with white rice. And this place is open 24hours! Even better!!! :-D
2	So hash house a go go was too busy and we made the mistake of coming here. Their Alaskan roll had a tiny sliver of salmon and avocado on top. The inside was straight up filled with cucumber, nothing else. The server even brought the menu out to show me it only has cucumber. 13 bucks down the drain.Horrible.
3	Pros: It's open 24 hoursIt serves relatively good phoIt's right upstairs in our usual Vegas hotel.It's almost never busyCons: It's a big expensive (but it's Vegas... it's actually decently priced for Vegas)The service is way iffy.It's almost never busy?I've been here twice, about 3 years apart.  The first time was with a friend after we got impatient waiting for the more rowdy of our group to make it to dinner.  We each had an entree, and I honestly can't remember what it was.  Not because I was under any sort of influence, it was simply forgettable food.  I'm pretty sure I only drank water, and still paid about $12.  I was unimpressed, but grateful there was somewhere easy to grab some food.My second experience was better.  At 2am, after a night of clubbing, few things feel better than a big bowl of pho.  BF and I split a basic order of the miracle soup and some spring rolls.  Both were very good and hit the spot.  I'm not saying it's as good as some local asian restaurants, but it did the trick.  I could swear it was the same waitress both times.  She said barely a word, stopped by only as often as she needed to, and left us to eat in peace.This is definitely not a "when in Vegas, go to...." kind of place.  But it's great for a desperate midnight food run, especially as hangover prevention!
1	My boyfriend and I (we're both Korean) were craving Korean food and came to Ginseng 3 upstairs of Imperial Palace (now the 'Quad Resort'). It was a huge mistake. Surprisingly, I have no complaint about the food. What made us pretty offended was not telling us about the 18% tip they automatically put on the checks when they obviously SAW us putting tip on the table before we left. First of all, when they brought us the check I handed them the credit card right away and when they came back, they just gave me the the credit card transaction receipt so I didn't realize the tip was added on there. The next day, we went there again for the Korean food and the same watresses were there remembering us from the day before. When I recieved the check, then, I had finally realized the 18% of tip was automatically added on. When I found out, I told our waitress (a Korean lady probably around her 40s) about leaving extra tip from the day before. She didn't even feel bad in any way and told us that we should've looked at the receipt before paying. It was a very bad experience at a Korean place we actually thought was pretty nice. Not going again from this experience.
3	We went to Ginseng 3 on 5/24/13 during our last quick getaway to Las Vegas. It was late and we were craving sushi. When in Vegas, I normally go to the place in the Cosmopolitan Casino, however we were looking for something closer and less expensive. Ginseng 3 is located on the strip, on the 5th floor of the Quad (the former Imperial Palace). It isn't anything fancy, wasn't busy, we were seated quickly and was less expensive compared to any other sushi restaurant I have been to in Las Vegas. I had order the spicy tuna roll which was about $12 (super spicy), the eel roll which was about $12-$13 and a glass of orange juice which was $4. Overall the service was mediocre as they didn't check on us much, if at all and the food was tasty but by no means would I say excellent. If you want mediocre, less expensive sushi for the Vegas area, I would recommend checking out Ginseng 3 in the Quad casino.
4	I went here at 5 am in the morning after EDC. It was pretty good, I'm surprised the reviews here aren't that great. For a cheap Chinese restaurant, this is the place to go. They serve all different kinds of Asian cuisine, from Chinese to Japanese to Korean. I ordered the chicken fried rice, my friend got the beef and broccoli and my other friend ordered pho. My portions were huge and hard to finish. It was delicious, and one of the better fried rice dishes I've had. The rice actually tasted fresh and there wasn't too much sauce mixed in. Both of my friends said their dishes tasted really good as well. The price isn't bad for the portions you get, and the food is pretty good. The service is okay. There is one woman doing everything in the front, but she does a pretty good job. We didn't wait long to get a refill or the check.
3	Pho... Good. It was decent since the place was opened 24 hours. Not bad for 4am pho.
2	Way overpriced for mediocre food. Yes, it's on the strip which makes sense, but if you really want good Asian food, head over to the area around Spring Mountain Road.Anyway, their spicy tofu soup was about as spicy as the rice we ate with and the service was poor. Also the pho didn't even come with basil.Sorry to say we won't be returning.
1	Looking for decent asian food around midnight on the strip.made the mistake of going to this place.Food was average.price ok.The practices of the owner (a lady in casual clothes) and the server (lady named hyo won,i think.not sure) was not exactly as clean as i expected it to be. Started with the server dropping cutlery on a table in the back which was directly visible to our table. She picked it up and put in back with the other clean ones.ugh.i was willing to let that slide,given the table supposedly is clean. 2.as the owner and server was cleaning up the table beside us,clearing plates and all the owner wiped the table with a wet white cloth and didnt wipe it dry. I didnt see her or the server wash their hands either because when the owner put the wet cloth away,she was out right away which means she didnt have time to wash. Server too.out of the back right away.no qiping hands or anything.ughhh.Considering it was 1140 at ngit they were super understaffed but surprisingly food didnt take too long to come out. Decent waiting time.Lastly.the worst experience.and a complete no-no for owners to do to restaurants--- I paid with my card..automatically noticed that there was no service charge included. Didnt want to charge the tip on the card and wanted to leave cash on the table for tip instead.but what did the rude owner do?? Said out loud in a really loud voice in front of other restaurant patrons "EXCUSE ME! EXCUSE ME! YOU DID NOT LEAVE A TIP! SERVICE CHARGE IS NOT INCLUDED HERE!"the nerve! I told her we were gonna lrave cash for the tip.which we already had on the table.TO THE OWNER::DO NOT EMBARRASS PATRONS LIKE THAT.HAVE YOU NOT HEARD OF CHAGED BILL WITH CASH LEFT FOR TIP. IN THE FIRST PLACE,IF YOUR SERVICE IS GOOD YOU SHOULDNT BE WORRIED IF PEOPLE ARE GONNA LEAVE TIPS OR NOT. BUT I GUESS SINCE IT IS NOT GOOD-AS WE HAVE EXPERIENCED,THEN YOU SHOULD BE WORRIED. YOU DID NOT EVEN DESERVE TO BE TIPPED.it was a mistake to give this place a chance despite all the negative reviews.NOT WORTH IT.initially i thought the revieqs were just because the pips who did reviews were drunk but apparently,drunk or not YOU KNOW BAD SERVICE (FROM THE OWNER) WHEN YOU GET IT.
3	Open 24hr. Inside the Quad. My buddies were staying here so ate here twice. Service is average. Food variety consist of asian dishes like korean, pho,chinese, japanese. I ordered bento box beef. Was good. Price is average for vegas. Second time i tried the pho at 2am. Was good but not enough meat. Good place if you like asian food. Cant go wrong with pho at 2am when you are drunk. Ha
2	Went here this past week because my friend and I stayed at the Flamingo. We met up with our other friends who worked at the Quad. I was craving for sushi and wanted some so we went here and used his discount. So how is the sushi here? Not the best. It was very plain and bland and was not worth the price. An Alaska Roll: Cucumber roll topped with Salmon. That's it. For $12.99? Really? There's no sauce topped on it neither. My friend got the bento beef box. That was actually okay, but for $14.99? I don't think so. Would I come back? No. Have I had better sushi? Yes. For a better cost? WAYYY YESSS!!
4	The restaurant was in our hotel and we wanted something quick so it was perfect.  The service was ok and my crab roll was good but the avocado roll is to die for.  My gf and I wished we would have just ordered 2 avocado rolls.  It was definitely priced well!  I can't stop thinking about the avocado roll.
3	It was ok... Nothing great. It did the job. On 3rd floor of quad...24 hrs i think.
3	It's a difficult thing giving Ginseng 3 a 3* rating - on one hand, there was pho a mere 2 minutes from my hotel, which is amazing since I had a hangover from 3 days of partying... and on the other - it was just a mediocre bowl of pho.I will say - for $10.95, it was enough food to fill me up, but the broth was lacking in flavor and they didn't provide any basil to put into the soup.  There was maybe 1.5 oz of meat in my Pho Tai, which is on the low end of what I'm used to.  The service was good and my tea was kept filled the whole time.
4	It's probably more like 2-3 stars because I will probably never CHOOSE to go back there unless I was in the same predicament as before but the one time I went, it was a 4 star experience. Why? We were starving, it was early in the morning or really late at night and not a lot of legit places were open on the strip. We were already at Imperial Palace, and all we wanted was Korean food. We wanted to go to a quiet place where we can talk without shouting. See how everything lines up? We had really low expectations because the place looks like it's having an identity crisis. Korean, Chinese, Vietnamese, etc. and the name of the place is "Ginseng" which I'm sure the owners thought long and hard about coming up with something original. Anyway at that point we were wasted and just wanted something that wouldn't make us sick.I ordered the kimchi jigae and it was pretty bomb. Not the best one (that would be the one from Seongbukdong in LA) but it did the job. My compadres had bulgogi and bibimbap if I remember correctly and they were fine. We were in such a good mood we said something about how it was awesome we found a decent Korean place on the strip as if we were gonna come back soon. That was 2 years ago but yes, I'm actually glad I found this place because if I'm in a situation where I'm in Imperial Palace again and someone asks if I want a dollar menu spicy chicken sandwich from McDonald's or something else, I know I have an option.
2	Might have been more stars but service brought it down at least one. Food:  Pho, sushi roll and veg fried rice. Pho was excellent. Sushi fresh and decent portion. Fried rice was really excellent. Service:  Place nearly empty and staff more intent on watching X games qualifying then changed to UFC fight. Really?  If I wanted a sports bar, I'd have gone to one. Was very confusing to find the location as The Quad is the most disorganized hotel layout I've ever seen (Find Verge tower and take that elevator). I'd go for the food if you're in the mood for Asian and don't know what country to visit. They offer Korean, Japanese, Vietnamese and Chinese.  Not cheap but not outrageous either.  Don't expect good service because it doesn't exist. Open 24 hours (or so the signage says).
4	This place a hidden gem in the former IP, now the Quad.  It's not easy to find, as you have to take two sets of not very well-located escalators up to the 5th floor.  And don't bother with the elevators, as you would also have to take two of those also.  There's just no direct route.  But location aside, this place is open 24 hours, which is very important in a place like Vegas.The place looks like a cafeteria, but all of the food is really good.  We usually get the BimBimBap--delicious!  And also the BBQ beef and chicken.  Their marinade is really good.  We also really like the seafood pancake.  Yum!  Once in a while we get the Pho.  It's pretty good considering this place is mostly Korean.  We try out the sushi rolls too.  They're not too fabulous, but will do in a bind.They accept Total Rewards.
2	The only substitute for Korean food on the strip.  The other Ginseng farther down is not much better and just as expensive.  If you can get off the strip, go down Spring Mountain Rd for better Asian food.
3	If you're shitfaced drunk this place is cool! Don't come in here looking for Ming Tsai tho! I noticed the whole staff was Korean and so I stuck to that part of the menu, your best bet. I did order the pho too, and actually I've had worse where I live  in  California but it was pretty average, they didn't have chili sauce either wtf? Nice staff and I think it's 24 hours? Probably the only reason I was there, besides being whacked outta my damn mind. Ahhhh Vegas
2	If you are reading this, you are probably drunk, you just lost a lot of money at the blackjack table, and it's 3:00 am.  Weird thing is, I asked two different people in the casino if there was a noodle restaurant it the casino, and neither one of them knew about this place.  It's upstairs and around the corner, which is enough of a description for you to realize it's hard to find.The food is nothing special.  It's just enough to keep you from being too hungover tomorrow.  They make Japanese, Korean, Vietnamese and Chinese food... but you and I both know that when you make such a wide range of different foods, there is no way you can make all of them well.Open 24 hours, so you can come anytime.  When we went, there was only one other table of customers and it was very quiet in there.  Really, too quiet.
3	Was craving korean food, so wandered lost at the Quad until I finally found it (You have to take the escalators that are just to the left of the hotel check-in desk). Restaurant decor is entirely unmemorable.Was promptly greeted,  menu'd, watered. I knew what I wanted -- Kimchee stew made with beef... but I guess they pre-make the broth with pork, so I couldn't modify it. Bummer, but i'll roll with it. Banchan was rather late in coming out, the stew even later. When the stew finally made its appearance, it was mouth-puckeringly SOUR. I know kimchee stew is inherently tart, but this tasted like they added vinegar to it. The broth was also rather thin, not rich, and just not special. Plenty of kimchee in the stew, but they skimped on the meat. Banchan was spot-on though, well-seasoned, perfectly pickled.More expensive than I'm accustomed to, and less  tasty, but will do in a pinch.
2	Food was very good. No complaints on that but the service oh man it was not good. We did not feel welcomed by Esther. She seemes bothered by us but there was no one else here but us!!! Place was empty. There was no reason for her to be unwelcoming. Will probably not come here again. Would rather go find another place!
5	this place used to be a great late night drunken haven. I doubt it would be that spectacular if i wasn't hammered but great pho late night. too bad hash house has pretty much put them out of business and made them cut their hours.
2	Meh.Overpriced but typical vegas.Service was somewhat slow for not being busy.Pho was so/so. But it had no mint! Wtf?! The spring rolls didn't have mint either, wait soooo not what I was expecting.$20 pho I'm not impressed!!!!Never agaib
