5	Vinnie Favorito is well worth the money! His adult comedy is hilarious, mainly because he refuses to hold anything back. If you go, prepare to laugh so hard it hurts. Five stars, Vinnie! Thank you for making our trip memorable.
5	ONLY ONE FRIGGIN REVIEW? wow....some feeling must be hurt......me on the other hand...I LOVE THIS GUY!.....my humor skews toward the mean, sarcastic, Rickles, DIce, lenny bruce, George Carlin humor...so if u like these guys you will love him....i missed him when wifey and i were in Vegas a few months ago, so this year when my wife asked me what i wanted to do in las vegas on my birthday(great trip planning on my part)...i said "we gotta see  Vinnie Favorito!"  so i spent the hours before the show drinking tons of beer to get me in the proper state of mind....but even that wouldnt prepare me for the comic onslaught that is Vinnie Favorito...the first ten minutes or so is topical humor, lotsa funny stuff....than slowly the show morphs into a roast...where the audience is the guest of honor...i dont want to spoil it for anyone...just make sure you do two things  1) Buckle the fuck up!.....2) check ur attitude at the door.......my wife and i couldnt stop laughing for the whole show....even when he ripped into us.....at the end of the show, you get to meet him, get an autograph and.....this is something i dont think anyother comic does on the strip....you are able to buy a cd of the show you just lived through.....so you can let all your friends back home hear Vinnie tear you(and the rest of the audience) a new one....see this show!
5	Everyone knows that when you go to a comedy club that you don't want to sit in the front row because you are going to get ripped into. Well, at Vinnie's show it doesn't matter where you sit because he will find you.  We went to his show in February of 2009 and I have to tell you that we are still talking about it. He is hilarious. He says things that make you so very uncomfortable. I was torn between dreading the moment he saw me and having the anticipation kill me.  His show is very definitely worth whatever the charge is. His show alone will make your Vegas vacation special and something you will talk about for years. Ted's review says it all. The CD's you can purchase after the show are great. Now everyone back home can hear all that went on.  Best show in Vegas by far.
5	i was crying (literally) during Vinnie's show, he's a hardcore almost like an andrew dice clay in his prime. He cuts up so many people in the audience, its crazy by hyserically funny, worth the money...btw... went to see carrott top the night before, very lame--girl with orange hair on steriods....VInnies the real deal....as long as you can handle it....
5	This guy is fricking hilarious.  Be prepared to be a target if you are anywhere near the fron or along the middle aisle.  However, I will say this. Vinnie does it with some respect, one can tell it is all in good fun. He makes himself the target as much if not more than anyone in the audience.   We sat way back at the back and did not get picked on, but next time we might sit up front to see if he gets us.  Just for the fun of it. Go, he's funny, the drinks are big and everyone is laughing.
5	I have seen this show twice and let me tell you it is awesome would seriously see it every time I come to Vegas. Vinnie's material comes from slamming the audience so no show is ever the same. Vinnie's quick wit is incredible , a guy that Vinnie slammed tried to come back at him only to have Vinnie just kill him verbally again, I have seen other shows in Vegas and for the price and sheer entertainment this one would always be my first choice,
5	My lady and I just came back from Vegas today, and we went to see Vinnie at the Flamingo, which is a very nice place. I met a business guy by the name of John who is from New York, he gave my wife and I tickets to see Vinnie, he said the guy is hilarious... so that is what I was expecting.... Now, it is very hard to make me laugh, because most comedians use the same lines over and over, and I heard them all... There isn't many guys like the old George Carlin, but Vinnie did it.After seeing Vinnie Favorito (which I doubt is his real last name) at the Flamingo, we seen a few other comedy shows... Nothing compared, if you want to see any comedy shows, don't waste your time, or money. Really, the only one you need to see in Las Vegas is Vinnie Favorito at the Flamingo, spend the rest of your time seeing the other magic, dancing shows, and then Phantom of the Opera.Vinnie will make you laugh your ass off, do not bring your kids.. or see him if you are easily offended... he will rip on everyone!
4	Went to see Vinnie Favorito at the Flamingo on our Vegas trip in February. He was awesome. And after getting tickets 60% off at tix4 less, it was even better. We would have paid full price. There was a good mixed group in the crowd -- but no kids. His comedy is not for teenagers, even (at least, I wouldn't take a teenager there). He rips everyone in the audience and even when he got to me, I wasn't the least embarassed. I noticed, for the most part, he was nicer to the women then the men. The only part that was crappy was the cocktail service. And saying it was "crappy" is being pretty kind. We got VIP seats (although we were up front, everyone had tables and the room is small, so it wouldn't have mattered where we sat), waited 30 minutes for the waitress to make her way over to get our drink order (there were only 8 people ahead of us, that's why it was a problem), then another 30 (halfway through the show too) before she bought our drinks -- after bringing everyone in the long row behind us who had ordered after us their drinks -- and they weren't correct. She bought us two bottles of beer when we ordered a  vodka/cran, and a crown/diet coke. When I said it wasn't ours, she snapped back that that was what I ordered and we owed her $21. Hmmm....I said I'd be happy to pay for the drinks that we ordered, she asked what that was because she wrote 2 beers down. We told her again, she walked off in a huff, leaving the beers on the table. We didn't drink them. She bought us our other drinks, and said that'll be $42.  I said I'd pay for the drinks we ordered, no problem (even though the prices are horrible, but it's vegas so i was kind of expecting that), but that we didn't order or drink beers and I didn't think it was fair. I gave her $30. She said she'd be back with our change. She never came back. I am not a bitchy person in restaurants -- have worked in them all my life as a server/bartender/manager....I know her job sucks. But it became the principle of getting my change. I intended to leave a decent tip, even after the antics.  We went to the bar and inquired after the show about the server and were told she had gone home for the night. We decided it wasn't worth it to go back the next day and seem like crazy stalkers, but I guess the point of the long story is : show is great, cocktail service sucks, drink for free in the casino beforehand.
5	A vegas gem. The man is absolutely brilliant. His is mind is so sharp, and his brand of comedy so genuine. We laughed our asses off the entire show. He rips on everybody. Blacks, hispanics, jews, rednecks, Cops...anyone he talks to in the audience. Its crude, and rude, and very insulting, but its on the verge of genius comedy. GO SEE HIM.
5	Vinnie Favorito is the real deal!  Don't miss this show!  I echo the sentiments of others.  His M.O. is to cut up the audience; others have done this, none as masterfully as Vinnie.  My wife and I practically split our sides laughing.  Go see this show!  You will thank me, I promise.
5	This is the second time we saw Vinnie Favorito.  He is exceedingly funny.  He's an equal opportunity insulter and he says what under normal circumstances would be simply outrageous and unacceptable.  He picks on all races and ethnic backgrounds during his hour of asking questions and then making comments.  If you are squeamish about a lack of political correctness, this is not the show for you.  If you like a hearty laugh along with the people he's talking to in the audience, this is the show for you.I am sure that there's a pattern during every show - find a Mexican, a black, a gray hair, and an Asian.  Then go to work with them after finding out their names and what they do.  He's so very quick with his quips.  His mind must race all show long.If you want a good laugh while in Las Vegas, go see Vinnie Favorito at the Flamingo.  You won't regret it.
5	Ok , all I have to say is WOW ! Vinnie is crazy cool and funny as hell!! The lady and I were trying to find a show for Sunday night through tix for less but we just didn't find anything that caught the eye.We saw Vinnie Favorito on the list of shows and we were very skeptical about seeing him cuz we never had heard of him. The tickets were cheap, it was comedy and we were in the mood for laughs so we thought we'd give Vinnie a try. Maaaaan!! This guy was awesome ! Very funny and super entertaining ! The audience is his show ! He likes to clown everyone he sees in sight but it's all in good fun. If you have a sense of humor and don't get offended by constant use of profanity and don't mind getting roasted on Vinnie is def. Worth the money and time !! You'll be glad you checked him out. Now on the other hand if u easily get offended and don't like the use of profanity this def is not the show for you. Not a show u take the kids out to either.. if they can even get in. After the show Vinnie is available for autographs and u can also purchase his t shirts and CDs there as well.We even got a picture with him! This is the most entertaining show I've seen in Vegas so far! Go see him !! He wont dissapoint! I will definately go see him again !!
5	Vinnie is a f-kn genious!!  He made us laugh hysterically and I have to say that he is the best comedian I have seen in a long time.  What a great entertainer!!! My boyfriend and I loved the show.  I will see him again and again when I come to Vegas.  Remember it's a comedy show and he will find something about yourself to laugh at so don't be so sensitive, but if you are...go elsewhere!  I bought his CD...and listened to it when we got back to our hotel and we were still crackin up!!!Love him and his comic sense of humor!
5	I saw Vinnie for the second time this past Thursday. He certainly knows how not to disappoint. Being his usual self, he is naturally funny as he makes fun of every different race, age, sexual orientation, etc. Vinnie engages the audience with his extreme politically incorrect sense of humor. He seems to be very intelligent as he is able to remember everyone's name and details that he picks on. Although I have to say, Vinnie looked like he has gained a few pounds. When you compare the picture of the billboard for his show versus what you actually see on stage, there is a big difference....literally (pun intended)
5	Unreal ..Went to 12 shows while in Vegas and Vinnie was by far the best!As long as you aren't easily offended or you're too "PC", you will love this show ..He'll work his way through the crowd and insult EVERYONE, no matter what race, what you do, where you live, etc .. Can't say enough about this guy .. easily the best comedian on the strip ..Went to this show as part of Harrah's 48 hour All Stage Pass .. check it out .. great deal!
5	Second time seeing Vinnie in less than one year.  All I can tell you is Mr Favorito is one of the most extraordinary talents i have ever encountered in my life.  HE is a brilliant thinker, 3 steps ahead of his audience.  Everyone around me was laughing non stop.  He is crude, and very rude but he does it  with a skill and comedic timing that written words can not do justice for. I understand his brand of comedy isnt for everybody, but its baffles me why parent company HARRAH's does not do more promotion for this guy.  If you see one entertainer on the strip, this is the man.
5	This is a very funny show but should be reserved for those who are not easily offended. I've seen this show a handful of times because it varies depending on the audience. The premise of the entire show is to roust the audience, and nothing is off limits. It's like a roast...of you. If you are shy, definitely lay low and ask for seats in the back. Don't make eye contact with Vinnie or he'll get you! If you does pick you, I guarantee it will be be a very memorable night. If you like dirty comedy and enjoy being made fun of or laughing at others, this is a great show.
5	The funniest comedy show I've seen. I had tears out of laughter. He loves to pick on the audience andMix it with his improv talent.
3	For overall entertainment value per dollar, Vinnie's show isn't bad if your'e looking for a super inexspensive evening. I caught Vinnies show 3 years ago and the venue was a fairly crappy joint in a even worse hole in the wall casino. As for stand up, the show is very different as there aren't comedic "bits" rather, he methodically makes his way through the first few rows of audience members and roasts them ala Dean Martin or the more contemporary comedy central roasts. He slowly makes his way through each seat and there's almost more entertainment in watching people squirm in their seats in anticipation of their turn than in the actual material itself. Vinnies obviously got a fairly comprehensive goto list of lines based on a litany of characteristics that he picks off of each target and he's very quick, but while that is a strongpoint its almost seems to be his biggest flaw as well. At times it seems that the material is almoat recorded as it can be delivered fairly methodically as if hes repeated it thousands of times (which im sure he has) . This creates a particular atmosphere from Mr. Favorito that he almost cant be bothered to be there, that the show is a bit of a nuisance and that he's going through the motion. This could very easily be meant as part of the character, but the somewhat depressing venue surroundings and 1/2 empty seating coupled with Vinnies cruise control like performance force me to suggest to spend a bit more and aim for higher caliber show, especially if you're on vacation and time is precious. If you're looking for some live comedy, I would suggest one of the more established stand up clubs that usually offer a weekly rotating lineup, usually with several different performers each show. And I always suggests a few pre show drinks to loosen the lips and get ya in the mood.
5	I have seen his show seven times now. He is easily the best shock comic out there. Totally blows Andrew Dice Clay away. His show is a must see if you are heading to Vegas.
5	Vinnie rocks!I love his style, raunchy, dirty, hilarious. i have seen his show twice, lucky me i am in the travel industry so i get show comps and yes i am a show whore, seen close to 75 shows in 5 years living here in vegas so far :)The first time i was one of the audience members he messed with, i was lucky, was not bad it went well with his "wow look at the tits on her" i introduced myself as "nikki" he replies nice to meet ya "mickey" lol. yes he treated me as the ditzy blonde. at the time i was a bleached blonde, yeah of course he got me as i stuck out like a sore thumb. at the closing of the show he called me on stage and gave me two tickets to see xburlesque. yay for me! I recently saw him again, was worried the stage act would be a bit predictable since i had already seen it before. not the case, what is awesome is his show is always different nightly since he plays off of the audience so much it can never be the same experience! love that. i enjoyed it even more the second time around!At the end of the show when he walks to his merchandise table to autograph stuff he pulls out a cigarette to smoke and i asked him for one and he pulled a cig out of his pack and gave me one! haha too cool. he smokes parliaments btw.He is way underrated in that small venue at the flamingo, he is going places and really should have his own act and theatre like what's his name... over at the tropicana. vinnie is way too good for this small venue. The chances are very high that you will be part of the show as vinnie hits up i would say at least 60% of the audience. it is a raunchy fun experience.I am ready to see him for my third time.love ya vinnie, you are dope funny!
1	Why does getting up on stage and insulting the audience with racist and sexually themed putdowns pass for comedy? I find it boring, univentive, and very schoolyard. I know he is just giving the people what they have come to expect, but it's just not that funny to me. I guess he is just playing down to the expectations of the type of people who go to "Vegas" and find it fun. He does'nt try harder because he does'nt have to.                 R.I.P. BILL HICKS.
4	Vinnie is... well, not for everyone.  His brand of comedy is raunchy, mostly unexpected, definitely not PC, irreverent of what most of society have deemed sacred or worthy of respect, and if you are okay with that, for at least an hour or so, you will probably find him refreshingly entertaining and even funny.He routinely pokes fun of audience members based on age, gender, race, looks, place of origin or domicile, and professions.  Think you are safe because you are nice old granny? Not!  If you are black, hispanic, asian, white, from Mars, he will leave you alone?  Not tonight and certainly not in that room.  Because you are a cop or firemen or some other 'heroes' with a big paycheck from the government, you are exempt from being ridicule from Vinnie?  Maybe if you donate 1/2 your paycheck to some worthy causes.  I think the only ones exempt from this are our service men and women in the various military branches, even if you are Vietnamese Marine.Anyway, Vinnie is pretty funny if you can allow yourself to be entertained by him during the duration of the show.  If you get offended easily or can not handle being make fun of in public, this is not for you.
5	While waiting for the show to start, my wife leaned in and said, "Let me get this right, we paid to sit here and be insulted by some guy? Does he have a real act or what?"  I only knew what I read, and my wife just kind of summed it up. I just smiled and said, "Thanks for coming... you can pick the show tomorrow night." From start to finish my wife was laughing. She enjoyed it as much as I did. She was the one that suggested getting the CD at the end of the show. He started the show with a little rehearsed material, but quickly went to the audience for some seriously funny improv. White, Black, Spanish, Jewish, Mexican, Puerto Rican, Italian, Elderly, Big Head, etc. etc.... no one was safe. The audience all seemed to laugh, and no one was offended. Well, all except a Black woman who went back and forth with him and made herself his primary target... and in my opinion the star of the show. I was fortunate to be upgraded to the back couch area and he seemed to avoid ridiculing that area. I went in hoping he wouldn't pick on me, but at the end.... I felt a little jaded I couldn't have been part of that nights act. I originally was going to say.... If your brand of humor is Bill Cosby, this show would not be for you. However, my wife finds Bill Cosby funny, and still enjoyed this show. If you can't laugh at yourself, I would pick someone else to see. I haven't seen many Vegas shows, but I've seen enough comedy acts to know this guy is worth every penny. I can't imagine he won't be moving on to bigger and better things soon, so see him while you can.
4	Rude, crude, and will make fun of any and everyone!  A good time, if not a little on the high priced side for what is essentially a 60 minute show.  This was my second time seeing Vinnie and I only heard a few repeat jokes.  On a funny side not, we ran into him at the valet as he was leaving the Flamingo (he drives a Volvo, go figure!) and asked him about getting some great pizza.  He sent us to Grimaldi's out in Henderson and it was pretty damn good!  Thanks Vinnie!
5	Omg this guy was HILARIOUS! His act is based on punking the audience-don't go if you can't handle racist jokes, swearing, getting made fun of, etc. My face hurt from laughing so hard! He was awesome-and the tickets are reasonable, too! The chairs sucked-otherwise no complaints. Got my tickets at tix4tonight.
5	Omg!!!! Soooooo f***ng funny! He is the funniest guy I've heard yet in all of Vegas!! I'd look for the buy one get one free coupons in the pack they give u when checking into the Flamingo. The box office guy hooked us up with the $16 a tix that includes a free cocktail ( just ask, it's worth a shot!) Anyways, he's SOoOo funny, my bf and I bought his $25 cd and saw him twice!!!!  Coming in second place is George Wallace and third place "The Improv." Defending The Caveman wasn't funny at all and completely sucked. I also saw the Comedy Magician guy.. I forget his name (I guess that's a sign) and unless u are a magic obssessed person, it wasn't that great... Not "comedy" for sure.  More or less a good place to bring your kids for a ticket price of $10 each or less. Anyways, Vinnie is worth every cent of the ticket price!!! :-D
4	So much fun! I've never experienced a comic that tormented the audience so much, but in such a lighthearted way. He's completely over the top, and insulting- nothing is safe- but no one got offended. It was great! I'm sure every show is different, since the audience changes, and that would make me want to go back.
5	I CAN'T!!  Lol, yes I can!  Where the hell do you start with this nut Vinnie Favorito?!  He's so politically incorrect, it's hilarious.  He says things that most of us are afraid to say in public, let alone admit we even think.  Old, young, short, fat, disabled, Asian, whatever - if you're in that audience, he's going to mess with you, one way or another.  When he got to me, he asked my name, to which I replied Rebecca.  He then slams the mic stand down and demands to see my ID!  Then asks why it's not Sheneequa.  Hilarious.  He asks my gf if she was Puerto Rican and she replies she's from Armenia. This guy doesn't miss a beat.  He begins to ask the audience why my gf didn't come forward in the beginning when he asked if there were any terrorists in the audience!  He even asked if she was in the US waiting for instructions.  Hilairous!!  I can sit here and rave about him but you really need to see this for yourself.  If you find yourself in Vegas and ARE NOT easily offended, do yourself a huge favor and head down to the Flamingo for this guy's show, you won't regret or ever forget it!I don't anticipate him being in this small venue for much longer.  Vinny's a hit, he deserves a huge stage for his even bigger personality.
1	This show is not for everyone. If you earn more than 100K per year and are not a business owner, you will find the jokes low low low.Someone from las vegas (you can guess who he is) sent me a nasty message and questioned my 1st review. Well, this is the first time that I feel obliged to let others know the truth and that's why this is my first review. That guy from las vegas is just pathetic to call someone who just attended his show "phony".
5	This guy is absolutely hilarious.  I wish the show was longer than an hour - time literally flew by.  If you're not easily offended, definitely go to this show.  Just know, like others said, that he will probably pick on you (it's all in good fun!).  He spoke with probably 1/4 of the audience.  This is the kind of show where it's all done on the fly, so no two shows can ever be the same - I will be going back next time I'm in Vegas.
5	One of the best comedians I've ever seen live. Had a blast. So funny.  If you are easily offended and have no sense of humor don't go.  He will make fun of you.  He is great!
5	this guy is my favorite comedian ever!!!He doesn't hold back at all when it comes to making fun of people. Races, gender, fat, short, and whatever...he doesn't discriminate.the man TELLS THE TRUTH.I got a shirt signed by him, hes a neat guy. plus tickets aren't very expensive.please do go see Vinny.
5	Vinnie is one of the funnest guys I have seen in a long time.  He has no filters, he says the things that you and I would only think or say in our home and then not even then.The show starts on time and the the time flies by because you are laughing so hard.  He starts on one end of the room and picks his way across the room.  If you are not one of the chosen to be called out you want to call to him and say "Hay what about me."
5	Stop the madness....so funny.  I got a great ab workout from laughing so darn hard....you have to have thick skin and be able to laugh at life.  would go again and again.
5	Went in July. Got tickets for tickets for less or whatever the discount place is called at the mall across from Wynn. My husband and I are African American and he was HYSTERICAL. Jokes on us, the other african american's, hispanics ALLLLLLLLL people in the audiance, even the Caucasian's. EVERYONE was balled over in pain from laughing. There is no hiding from him. He goes from table to table while standing on stage. Young and old. Everyone got hit with him
5	Vinnie Favorito is one of the unsung heroes of Las Vegas comedy.His nightly show at the Flamingo is completely dynamic and never the same twice, by virtue of his tendency to use his audience as subject matter in a roast style show.I've seen him a bunch of times, with a bunch of different people, and every time it's a smash hit. If you're easily offended, go elsewhere. If you thrive on the offensive, Vinnie is your man.This show is as close to a surefire bet as there is in Vegas entertainment (with that one caveat about delicate virgin ears, of course).Reviewer disclosure note: I was previously employed by Caesars Entertainment. This review was written almost a year after my departure and is in no way influenced by my previous employment.
5	Ready to be insulted... and a surprising highlight of our vegas trip. we live in los angeles so our visits to vegas are usually a 2 night affair. this trip we had close to a week and decided to hit up some shows. we hit the spectrum from expensive and advertised to cheap and unheard of. Vinnie Favorito was inexpensive and a bit advertised and the best show we saw. i kept hoping my husband and i would catch his eye but it didn't happen. didn't hamper our night though... loved it!!
4	I enjoyed his act for the first 45 minutes but the incessant ridicule of the people in the audience got tiring after a while.  Would have like more of a traditional stand up type show..But hey, the tickets were cheap and it was good fun for most.  Guess next time Ill read the reviews on yelp.
5	Awesome! Awesome! Awesome! Every seat in the house is good but we sat VIp which allows you to be in the show. HE does a good job at picking on you but then letting it go. DONT BE A HECKLER!!! He don't put up with it and will kick ur ass out with no refund!
5	Good show!  We were there on an off night -  not terribly busy (but should have been).  Vinnie did a great job of not mailing it in.  He gave us our money's worth and made fun of pretty much everyone in the audience.  You will definitely laugh if you give this show a try.
5	We thought Vinnie was hilarious and can't wait to take some of our friends.  We bought VIP tickets which are general admission and got there at 7:15 when they started seating and were right in the front row section so not sure where the more expensive "fun" seats are and this was a Saturday night.  Each ticket level is general admission so you do have to get to the show a little early to get the better tables.The theater is small with only 200 seats. I think you could probably get tickets to this show last minute since it wasn't 100% full and we were surprised because he is an amazing talent.  He picked on almost everyone and didn't hold back so if you get offended this would be a bad show for you. He really heckled the various races and played off the stereotypes and almost everyone was laughing hysterically.  You can also buy the CD of your show right after and Vinnie signs them.  He performed for a sold 1.5 hours and it was worth every penny.  A MUST see in our opinion. If you are local call the box office and ask for the 2-4-1 Magazine discount and your VIP tickets will be $37.50 with picture ID.
1	I have been to the show before and loved it and was bring some friends to see it so I called and ordered my tickets got a email confirmation and came to the show 15min before it starts to pick them up and they couldn't find them.  So then after waiting 40 min and 30 min into the show they said I could go in but will get yelled at from stage. No Thanks!
4	We were staying at Blue Green Resort and got free tickets to this show. We sat in the VIP section. Vinnie is one of the funnest guys in comedy.  He has no filters which means he says the things that you would never dream of saying. He is no racist but he definitely has stuff to say about each race. He picks people out of the audience and bashes them. The show starts on time and the the time flies by because you are laughing so hard.  He starts on one end of the room and picks his way across the room.  He does remember everyones name that is chosen. I would go to another show. I would not take anyone that is younger than 21 though or that can't understand this kind of humor. It is a total roast :)
1	I am a LV local. I received "free" tickets for 2 with a 1 drink minimum. Which was fine, I am ok with supporting entertainment since I work in the industry. I arrive and the check in girl was completely spaced out. She was INCREDIBLY slow and wasn't courteous at all with the fact that we had 10 minutes to get to the show. She proceeded to be a slow as molasses, and had the nerve to tell us "oh he always starts right at 8pm SHARP. Then the printer ran out of paper, then she had to recount my 4 tickets again, print out and have me sign a receipt which i already signed and she didn't realize it blah blah blah FIRE HER. $60 later with our drink min. for the 4 of us was OUTRAGEOUS. the ticket said 12.95 per drink, not $15 oh and by the way you can only get bud light with that. $15 bud light? WTF?Vinnie was the only reason this review even gets a star, he was actually pretty funny. Regardless, what a f****ing scam. Seriously don't waste your time go see a cirq show instead.
3	Very funny guy. Do not buy the cd. It is only audio. Not worth the $25-
4	The act is as offensive and as unpolitically correct as it comes. Vinnie will find you, and he will rip into you. It doesn't matter what your background is, he will find a way to make fun of you and it will be hysterical. He found me towards the end of the show. By that time, he had made fun of so many people that I was actually hoping he'd get around to roasting me. He did, and his bit was so funny I laugh just thinking about it. He is a very talented performer. In addition to his spontaneous routine, I was impressed by how he remembered all the audience members' names. He does a great job of addressing offensive topics without coming off offensive himself. As long as you aren't overly sensitive, you'll enjoy his show. And don't even try to be smart or funny with him. The audience members who did were put in their place quickly.
5	I hurt so much for laughing so hard. If you are easily offended don't go. This is a Must See if u are in Vegas. And try to sit in the front row. U will thank me later. Loved every hysterical moment
1	The easiest and cheapest form of low life humor. It takes no talent to be insulting and to magnify racial stereotypes. That is all that happens at this show. It gets very boring. Been done before. Got the impression he has maybe ten or so insults that he recycles nightly. The laughter from the audience was more of the "I can't believe he said that. I hope he leaves me alone. I can't believe I am wasting my time here" type of reaction. He is very mean-spirited and when he finds a particularly vulnerable victim he continues to attack. There was a dignified retired Canadian couple in the crowd that was one of his victims. He was so insulting that I could see tears in this woman's eyes.  Not my idea of "talent."Vinnie is just another bully with a microphone. Skip it. Seriously. If you want to see "east coast" comedy go see The Scintas at the D downtown - at least you will be entertained.
2	The two stars are for Vinnie - he's pretty funny! Most of the jokes I have heard before.. but it was still a good time and kudos to him for working seven nights a week. The reason why I couldn't give any more stars is because I felt like the "free" tickets we received was a total ripoff. Basically we got two free tickets but they have a $16.99 one drink minimum per person. It took the waitress 40 minutes to take our drink order in a small room, and the show was only about an hour or an hour and a half. I found myself searching for the waitress the whole first half to "make sure I got my monies worth" instead of relaxing and enjoying the show. $16.99 is pretty steep, especially since you only get one, and you can only choose from beer, wine, or well. You get those for free when you sit down in the casino! I tried to order a seven and seven (which is well in other bars) but they said no. We both ended up getting a vodka cranberry and it came in a tiny glass full of ice and bright red (i.e. no booze). So sad. AND they don't let you bring in your drinks even though you already pre-paid for one. I really could have used my wine they made me throw away outside :/.Summary: LOVED Vinnie, strongly disliked the service. In the end it really felt like we got screwed with the "free" tickets and joke of a drink. I wouldn't recommend anyone to see this show. Maybe buy one of his dvds instead and watch it in your room with a bottle of wine!
1	This review is not for the actual show but for the severe lack of customer service by the Flamingo Box office.  We had tix to see Vinnie on May 28th...show canceled.  Got new tix for May 29th...canceled yet again.  This was our last night in town and it was too late to exchange for anything but Legends ...yuck.  So for two nights in a row, my wife and I could have made reservations for a different show but lost out.  The box office didn't care and told us to exchange the tix when we return to town.  Really sucks and I hope Vinnie had a decent reason to cancel two consecutive nights.
4	I will tell you before you attend to take caution to what they tell you at the box office - this is pretty much like a roast of the audience and most of what he says is going to be based on racial, gender, sexual, age or physical attributes so if you offend easily, you'll want to pass on this one.  Most of the material is new, but there were some things I had heard before like his joke about thinking about your moms lips going down on your dad next time she kisses you. In his defense I watch A LOT of comedy shows so if it's been said in a standup show on Comic View, Comedy Central, HBO or Showtime, there's a really good chance I've heard it!  Otherwise, it's a hoot! Definitely NOT for kids (rated NC-17/R).The venue is small so it's almost like being back in high school/college, there's not really anywhere to hide just as a pre-warning.  If you attend, you are NOT off limits, so be prepared to be part of the show.
5	Saw the show tonight after winning free tickets on a radio contest on the drive into Vegas. Was skeptical since tix were free. OMG My boyfriend and I had such a good time. He is hysterical. Loved the show. Funny. So funny.
5	He is the best comedian on the Las Vegas Strip.  However, if you have any kind of issues with racial, gender, occupational, etc. jokes that make fun of stereo types this show is not for you.  He is an equal opportunity offender.  He makes fun of everybody, and everyone.
5	We saw Vinnie Favorito at the Flamingo after getting tickets from a Wyndham Timeshare scam. We were a bit skeptical but the show was great! We laughed the whole time. Hes not for everyone though, they do warn you when you buy the tickets. It is basically a roast of the audience and he has a VERY good memory for names. He will come back to you throughout the show! He performs in Bugsy's Cabaret, its almost disgusting in there. They really need to update that room. We were seated on very small chairs placed extremely close together (and im not a large person). Chairs and carpet looks VERY dirty, we almost walked out before the show started due to the state of the room. Glad we stayed because Vinnie was hilarious.0 stars for the venue5 stars for Vinnie
5	We bought tickets to see Vinnie and got what we expected. the show is for adults. He is good and will have you laughing from the start of the show. He tells it like it is and does not hold back on anything. He has a good memory and will remember things about the audience. He will roast the crowd and its hardcore. Don't be a heckler in the crowd because he will pick you out and pick on you. His show leaves nothing to the imagination. The waitress are somewhat slow to get your order let alone bring out yourdrinks. Its held in a small room with seats close together, so make friends with you neighbor. At the end of the show Vinnie informed the crowd that the show was recorded and that you could purchase a copy for $20.00. After the show ended we bought as copy of the show and Vinnie posed for pictures with us.
5	Wow. About as politically INcorrect as I've ever seen. He targeted Whites, Blacks, Asians, Latino's, Southerners, Blondes, Italians, Old and Young, big headed men, women having a bad hair day and much much more. If you're sensitive, I'd recommend you sit in the way back. Lots of audience participation. Really enjoyed how he involved almost everyone in the first ten rows. If you get up to use the restroom, be prepared to be targeted on way out and on way back in. Vinnie is very quick witted for a short overweight guy. He comments on his own weight and background throughout the show. He was not scripted, the show evolved after a few awkward jokes that PC people probably bristled at. It's prob the funniest comedian show in Vegas, many belly laughs.
5	Excellent 60 minutes of laughter.  He spent a good 20 minutes on me alone.  It's good clean dirty humor.   Of your sensitive stay away.  You have to be able to laugh at yourself   6th time seeing it, laughter heals all and this is good clean fun.  It's a must see
5	I was going to take a star off because the crappy box office line is a joke.TIP:  BUY THEM EARLIER IN THE DAY.VINNIE is my new favorite show in VEGAS. My mom is sort of "stiff" and she was even laughing at his humor, then one of the people in our group put her scarf over her head like a burka and he made plenty of fun of her, Its freezing here this week so we have gone to plenty of shows but this one is the best.The baggage guy told us he was the locals favorite and I see why.  I wish we had cool stuff like this on the east coast.I am laughing at the bottom of this page it asks if this is good for kids.........NO
5	Vinnie is hilarious!!  if your easily offended by race, religion etc then its not for you but if your like us and love this kind of stuff then you must go!!  we were a little late and of course he picked on us as we walked in :)towards the end of the show my husband got called on stage and Vinnie ripped into him, it was so funny I almost wet my pants.We got a signed CD of the show from Vinnie too.Fantastic start to a night in Vegas.
