4	After spending Halloween handing out candy with my parents in the East Valley we were super hungry on our way home, about 9:45.  I always get nervous going into places like this right before closing time because I used to work at Paradise Bakery, and I know what a pain it is to clean up after just one stupid sandwich.  These guys definitely didn't show any displeasure.  We were warmly greeted with nary an evil eye in sight.  The decor is super themed but cute.  I like the cheese thank you very much.  The employees are even in a sort of fire fighter uniform.  Their menu is diverse enough to make most people happy.  I was really hungry so I ordered the Firehouse Hero, a trio of roast beef, turkey, and honey ham.  The meats and cheese are steamed before hand to seal in extra juice and just make it really good.  Nice touch.  The bread was exactly the way I like it, sort of soft, sort of crusty.  The meats all tasted really great and were actually distinguishable from one another, unlike other certain sub shops.  The honey ham was my favorite, it was really sweet and really good.I wouldn't mind if they brought one of these Downtown.  Good sandwiches for a good price.
3	Thank god for somewhere being open till a decent hour (10pm) on a Saturday night in the far east valley.  This strange sub shop in the Dana Park area was better than I hoped.  I ordered a Philly Cheese Steak (which they call a "steak & cheese") not expecting a whole lot but still having visions of the amazing cheese steak sliders from District.The whole process took a bit longer than I expected since there were 5 guys behind the counter and we were the only ones there but it was still quicker than any Mr Goodcents I've ever been to.  The sandwich was a lot smaller than I expected.  The bread is similar in girth to a hotdog bun only longer.  They crammed a decent amount of meat and cheese in there to make a pretty good value.  I would have been happy if it had come toasted or baked but instead they gave it to me steamed.  Why anyone would want their bread steamed is beyond me.  It makes it soggy and spongy.  Really, it ruined what would have been a great sandwich.If you are feeling adventurous, or you like steamed bread, then go check this place out.  Otherwise, maybe just ask them to microwave it.
5	Absolutely our favorite sub shop of all time!  When Firehouse Subs opened in our neighborhood (Dana Park), we thought it would be "just another sub shop."  We were WRONG.  What fun to hear, "Welcome to Firehouse," yelled from their entire crew every time you walk in!  What fun to very often see police and firemen eating there (Firehouse gives first responders a price break, which I think is so cool).  All of Firehouse's subs are steamed hot.  They don't use one meat vendor ... they use the best meat vendor for that particular kind of meat to get the best!  I am a real fan of pastrami, but you can't usually find good quality pastrami in Arizona ... it's usually fatty and not great flavor.  At Firehouse, try the "Steamer" which is a combo of pastrami and corned beef brisket, which is absolutely delectable!  The basic Steamer typically comes with Provolone, Mayo, Mustard and Italian Dressing ... but I think the quality of the meat and cheese is so yummy that I ask for it "straight up" without the fixins!  Although I do ask for extra dill pickle spears ... they are the BEST.My hub absolutely loves the Steak & Cheese Sub which can come with sauteed mushrooms and onions if you'd like.  Add jalapenos if you'd like a little zip.If you've been going to Subway out of habit, I'd really encourage you to try something different in Firehouse Subs.  I don't think you'll end up going back to Subway.If you have small children, Firehouse will give them a little plastic fireman's helmet to wear!  And there's a really good chance that fireman and/or policemen will be in the shop at lunch or dinner times ... has happened to me numerous times when there.  Although Firehouse Subs is a franchise that started in Florida, this truly feels like a local mom 'n pop joint to us.  We have gotten to know the franchisees for this location, Aaron, Linda and John.  Great, great people that have a great attitude to serve their customers.  I couldn't recommend Firehouse Subs in Dana Park more highly.
4	yummy! i don't really even like subs, but since my first visit here i constantly crave the firehouse italian. salami, pepperoni, ham, provolone, and  italian dressing on toasty wheat bread. the meat is high quality and flavorful. the spiciness of the salami and pepperoni compliment the perfectly sweet, smoky ham. the bread isn't anything special, but it works as it doesn't overpower the tasty sandwich. i like the fact that they have sweet tea, and it's above average.i would give this place five stars, but i'm not crazy about the atmosphere. the firefighter theme is fine, but the fluorescent lights make the place feel cold and harsh. the crowded layout forces you to sit close to your neighbor as well as everyone standing in line. luckily they have many tables outside you can escape to on nice days.i definitely recommend this place if you like hot subs. yeah it's a chain, but the vibe is more mom and pop. i'd be an even bigger fan if they offered homemade potato salad and coleslaw as an alternative to chips.
5	Went here for my first time last week, and it's definitely the best place for subs!  I've been hearing about it for weeks; friends and family simply rave non-stop about it.  I figured it must be good, and I was sick of people begging me to go.It's not much more than Subway, but it tastes sooo much better, and you get a lot more for your money.I can't wait to take my husband here.
3	I judge my lunch and dinner places to a different set of criteria.  For lunch it's about convenience, cost, and taste.  A distant fourth criterion might be the relative nutritional value of the meal.  Firehouse, wins on the first three and is worthy of inclusion into the lunch time rotation.The sandwiches are hearty, heavy, and tasty.  Denser and more robust flavors then you'd get at the chain sub spots.  I doubt that this place will win any accolades from the American Heart Association but I also doubt that 85% percent of its patrons even consider calorie counts when they order one of these sandwiches.  A great sub.  Just make sure you eat fruits, vegetables, and other healthy options when you're not here.
4	Great place for a sub.  I think it is one of the best sub shop franchises going these days.  the mesa location had great customer service. good sub shop.
4	This place is so good I seriously couldn't stop thinking about my left-overs and actually got pretty excited around dinner time knowing I was having the second half of my sandwich.I highly recommend Firehouse Subs and plan to eat there as frequently as possible.
5	I originally wanted to try Capriottis after hearing some people at work brag on it, but they were closed and I turned the corner and went to Firehouse. IT WAS JAM PACKED..and for good reason. My hot pastrami was sooooo good; juicy meat, extra soft warm bread, and not a lot of fluff on the inside. The 8" sandwich is just enough to satisfy your hunger, yet have your mouth begging for more. Expect to pay more than Subway, but it is worth it. Ironically, Gilbert Fire Department walked in as I was walking out. Hey..its good enough for them!!!!
5	The best samich I've ever had. I'm hooked on the turkey bacon ranch sub. I love going here, they are friendly and never get my order wrong. I definetely couldn't work here, I'd be fat as I don't know what.
5	Maybe I'm just caught up in the moment, but on my neverending quest to find the best sub, I think I finally found it.  I can't believe it took me so long to try this place out, but I'm so glad I did.  I ordered the hot pastrami combo.  At first I thought it was a little pricey ($8.00) but that was before I took my first bite.  It only took one bite and I knew I was onto something special.  It all starts with the bread.  It was fresh, warm and very tasty.  The melted cheese, sauce, lettuce, onion and pastrami were incredible when all rolled into one bite.  Not much else to say except try it for yourself.
5	Not really a sub type of guy but this one hit the spot. I had the turkey breast on wheat and my best description would be if Quiznos and Subway made a love child. You could tell the quality of ingredients was high and everything was as fresh as it could be....amazing at what a difference that makes. If you have an appetite get the 12 inch, the 8 inch just didnt look like it would get it done for myself. The theme of the place is pretty cool and it really adds to the atmosphere when there are real firemen eating their lunch there. Next time I am in the mood for a sub this will be my spot.
3	I love the firehouse theme, and like how the restaurant pays tribute to firefighters. The food was just okay to me though. It tasted just a tad bit better than Subway, and it was more expensive than $5 footlongs - so I'd doubt I'll return to Firehouse Subs.I ordered The Engineer sandwich - packed with turkey, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and mushrooms. There wasn't many mushrooms in my sandwich :( I really do like the original hot sauce. Definitely add that to any sandwich you try there. Maybe if I had kids I would bring them to this place, the kids meal comes with a complimentary firefighter hat.
5	Took my daughter there today as it was my birthday and you get a free medium sub. One word. WOW. That was probable one of the best meals I have had in a while, and the best sub I've had since we moved here 10 years ago.   Also met the owner who was very pleasant and the entire place was VERY clean, a nice change from some other establishments who don't seem to care.  I will definetly come again and recommend to my friends.
5	i'm not much of a sub fan, but i was blown away by what i got.  it was the new york steamer and it was the right amount of juicy without soaking through to the bread.  it melted in my mouth and tasted awesome.  it's a firehouse theme so it was cool that there was an actual firetruck out front- and city of Mesa firemen eating there.  I guess that was just a timing thing, but my son got a kick out of it.  Plus they've got one of those fancy digital Coke machines that are all the rage.  Too bad I gave up soda a year ago.  Hey, how bout a digital beer machine...
4	As far as chain sub shops go this is my favorite. There is no lack of meat on the sandwich, fresh veggies, and I don't have to spell out each item for the sandwich.  AND HOT SAUCE!!! OK so hot sauce is not something I would normally look for in a sandwich place but when there are so many choices... I try something new almost every time so I always get a new experience. I do and have recommended this place to many people.
4	great sub!  i had the briskett..yumm  sauce packed with meat... will reccomend !
2	I dunno. I thought the bread was a little too thick and there was a little too much wet dripping out of the back end as I held the sandwich. I got the italian sub... thought it was going to be a cold sandwich, but the cheese was melted on top of the meat. Salami was a bit thin and the ham had just a little too much of that fake smoke flavor. But Yelp is for my opinion, right?
5	I love this place!!! Best sandwiches ever!
4	My friend took me here and I was surprised this place has good subs. I've always been a fan of subway but this place is up there, too. The subs also taste healthier. It's a nice restaurant with a fire station theme to it which is neat. The pricing isn't too expensive but it is more than subway but it tastes good. The subs here have that fresh taste to them.
5	I'm hooked on the Turkey Bacon Ranch and the Club on a Sub. The whole staff is awesome and I've gotten some people addicted to this place like me. Subway was dead to me the moment I finished my first sub here! I've not had one bad experience here, no matter how busy it gets.
4	This place is pretty good and the atmosphere is fun.  Although I'm generally not a fan of subs, the sandwiches here were good.  For those who like a lot of meat, the subs here are stacked thick and the servings are big.  I though the meat-to-veggies ratio was off, but I guess that's because I like a lot of veggies.  There was also slightly too much sauce, causing the sandwich to get a bit soggy.Overall, I like this place, and the restaurant itself is nice, clean, with friendly service.
4	Hard.
4	I was expecting something like a Subway but instead got high quality meats and a very nice experience. Pleasantly surprised at the quality of the food, the pricing and the atmosphere.  Plus... They donate back to the community.
4	Love, love love their ITALIAN!!! Not a fan of the seating arrangements because the place is small inside , but sandwiches are awesome. My daughter loves the meatball, its just like its supposed be "big and messy, full of cheese"! YUM !!!!
2	Sorry to write a downer..I ordered the Club sandwich fully involved (without the spicy mustard and onions), it was warm and drippy.. Warm is good, taste is good.. all good so far.. but the Drips from mayo :(, ugh i dont want wet spots on my slacks from lunch.  I also felt queasy afterwards, couldnt get the sub i had off my mind.. Ive had Firehouse sub in Florida years ago, it was fine. Maybe it's this location?BTW i ordered online and i arrived a minute early from the expected time and my sub was ready, that was cool.  Subway seemed to be better?  maybe next time ill try a different sub and ask them to lay off on the mayo to prevent drips..i'll also ask around for favorite subs from firehouse.. maybe the club wasnt their specialty.. I felt like i was in a little firehouse with a lot of patrons.. :)
4	I have liked every sub I've had there with the exception of one. Pretty good odds!
3	I work within walking distance to Firehouse Subs. I don't frequent it much because it is only okay in my opinion. Today I had the best sandwich I've had from Firehouse yet. I had the steak and cheese (minus cheese cause I'm lactose intolerant), with peppers and onions on wheat. Delicious but I've had a stomach ache since. I guess that's not saying much because I get a stomach ache whenever I eat almost anywhere. The Italian is pretty good too. Slightly expensive. Oh, and if you are getting their cherry limeade from the machine make sure you put sprite in it as well, because I'm pretty sure it's just cherry syrup.
1	This was my first time eating here and my last! I am not a subway fan so I figured I would give this place a shot as it is near my house. Never have I had so big an issue with ordering a sandwich. When I walked in I took some time to look around the store and the menu to see what they had to offer. Big mistake! The lady at the counter gave me this look like I had spit on the floor or something. After about 5 mins of looking at the menu I decided to order the firehouse hero sandwich. Their prices are way more than I expected but figured if the sandwich was any good then it would be worth it.As I paid for my sandwich and went to sit down I heard the counter lady say something like this guy needs to be going to Jenny Craig not here! I could not believe she would sit there and talk about a customer like that. Her personal feelings aside (btw aren't sandwiches supposed to be a healthy food option?) She should have kept it to herself. Or at least said it once I left. I am a big person but that has nothing to do with how I should be treated. As for the food I have to say I was not impressed. The Virginia honey ham was way to sweet for me. It had this weird almost maple syrup flavor that overpowered the rest of the sandwich. After 2 bites I was done. Bad service, high prices, and even worst food earn this place a nice spot on my never again list.
4	Yum. Freakin yum.I have been mostly Paleo for about a year or so, and I've all but cut bread out of my diet, but damn these things are tasty. Like how I would make a sandwich at home if I had time and skills.Toasty bread. "steamed meats" I guess is their thing. And oh it is delicious.I've had the Steamer (pastrami and corned beef. yummmmmm....) and the Italian which is dripping goodness.I love the shelf of hot sauces from around the globe, all rated 1-10 by the heat factor.
4	At first i was not a firehouse fan! I had gone and did not like it what so ever! From the Sandwich i got (hook and ladder) to the long line! It must of just not been my day because I got dragged back by a friend and now i love it! I get the Italian and Steamer almost every time! You could not ask for a better sandwich! I also throw the Caption Sorenson sauce on! It is crazy good! I was a hater now i am a lover!
4	We tried Firehouse a few weeks ago and are telling all our friends and family to check them out! The subs are SO good and the variety on their menu is much more extensive than most places. The staff is friendly and I love the atmosphere.Another huge plus is that they are one of the few restaurants I have been to that has the Coca-Cola Freestyle machine which is AMAZING!!The only reason I couldn't give them 5 stars is because the service is a bit slow and they have forgotten things both times we have been there for the kids meals (the fire hat and Oreo cookie). Not a huge a deal, of course :)We will be returning very soon!
4	Good variety of subs/ ingredients. Good location. I loved the little area towards the front w/ the pub tables. They have one of those crazy, newfangled Coke machines w/ 100+ flavor options too.My Italian sub was good. Basic, but good. Service was quick, staff was nice.We'll likely be back if were in the area again.
5	Came here with a co-worker. Got a dr pepper from their really awesome modern soda machine. My co worker got a meatball sandwich. He said he was the best meat ball sandwhich he ever have. Which is saying a lot because his from ny, I believe they ate a lot of sandwiches haha... The service was fast. The place was really clean. Tried a bite of the meatball sandwhich, I hate meatball sandwhiches, to my amusement I really enjoyed this one.
5	Firehouse Subs is a great sandwich place.  The food is great and the employees are always very friendly and helpful.  The atmosphere is nice and they also have one of those cool soda machines.  I work in the same plaza and my company has ordered a sandwich tray from them for lunch many times.  It's always ready on time and reasonably priced.
5	I've been literally ordered by many people to try this place for lunch, so I finally did. Short and sweet, I've made up a new word to describe Firehouse Subs, phenomenaltastic. Best sub I've had in.. well, ever.
3	The Steak &Cheese were first rate, lots of meat & cheese, good bread (ordered 2 large). The Smokehouse Cheedar was good but very heavy on BBQ sauce, so if you don't want a sandwich overwhelmed by  & dripping of BBQ Sauce I recommend you tell them to limit it or eliminate it. The sandwich was full of meat and otherwise excellent. The Oatmeal Raisin cookie is entirely too sweet for my taste....too much brown sugar in that recipe. I returned the next day. I tried the large Pastrami Sub, it was loaded with meat & cheese, but was also topped with a healthy helping of lettuce and tomatoes. Unfortunately, while the sandwich was very tasty (and filling!) I became ill a couple of hours latter and spent too much time in the restroom for the balance of the day. Since this was my only food for the day, the lettuce and tomatoes become suspect (since they were the only change to the sandwich I'd had the day before which was meat and cheese only).  The two other sandwichs were a repeat of the Steak & Cheese with onions and those guests, loved them and had no illness problems (neither sandwich comes with lettuce or tomatoes). It's been good enough for me to return, but it'll be "meat & cheese only" from now on for me.These subs are about $7.50 - $8.00 for a 12 inch. You really can't compare them to a Subway Footlong, since the Footlong is often $5 and the $2.50 - $3.00 additional cost at Firehouse should be expected to buy a better more meat/cheese filled sub (which it does).BTW, on my second visit, the very pretty cashier repeated my order back to me three times...incorrectly, I really expected something would be wrong when I received my food,  but in the end, she got it right :-).
4	Firehouse is a solid sub shop and really isn't much more expensive than Subway.  They don't have a five dollar foot long, just better subs and a really cool soda machine.  The hot specialty subs are my favorite.  If I had to pick my favorite I would say its the "Engineer" but every sub I have ever ordered, at any location, has been good.  They are consistent, friendly and the subs are huge.  Get your sub "fully involved" and there's no way you're leaving this establishment hungry.  If I want a sub sandwich and there is a Subway and Firehouse sitting across the road from each other, I'm going to Firehouse because the food is better and lets face it, firefighters are a lot cooler than Jared.
5	My favorite warm sub shop in the valley by far. Steemed subs are amazing and much better than toasted subs. Come eat here and never look back.
5	EXCELLENT !!   This was my first visit to a Firehouse Subs and I doubt I will ever go to a Subway again.  This is actually REAL meat and REAL cheese with GREAT customer service.Dylan realized quickly, and confirmed by asking, that it was my first visit and took extra time to explain the sandwiches, the menu, and the condiments.  I thoroughly enjoyed the sandwich and will be back for sure!  Friendly employees all the way around !!
1	Went for lunch there were 2 other parties there it took over 20 minutes to get 2 subs. The guys making the food were obviously taking their sweet time but I was in a hurry and they just didn't seem to care. Other staff kept walking in and they would stop everything to conversate with them about who knows what. The Veggie sandwhich I got leaked sauce all over my other sub causing the bread to be gross. I won't be back.
5	Gosh the selection of hot sauces here makes this my favorite sub shop. I love the Poison sauce. Good prices, delicious food. Try it if you haven't already!!
5	The subs are always awesome here..today I got the hook and ladder light which is a good option if you want a lower calorie sub. On the other hand you can get the Italian sub which is full of salami and ham. Also they have a hot sauce bar that you can try a ton of different sauces which is kind of fun.
5	I love Firehouse subs, food is awesome and they always remember my name which is awesome customer service.
3	It was a big sub with lots of meat and veggies, but I was super disappointment in the stale bread. Very very dry
4	Love me some Hook & Ladder! An addicting sandwich. I love it fresh and with Gator Sauce.
5	Always a good choice and love the friendly environment they bring to the table. Prefer the meatball sub but everything looks great and yummy! Gotta love the personal service they also have
2	I've been here twice and I just don't think it's any good. For the money there are much better sandwich shops. The customer service was fine, the store was clean and nicely decorated but the food was just average to a little below average.
3	This was my first time eating at Firehouse.  I had heard a bunch of rave reviews from people I know, but it wasn't really for me.  The location was clean and well staffed and the food was okay, but I won't be back unless someone else insists on eating there.  I got the Italian combo.  The sandwich was fresh but loaded with sauce and seemed to sit like a rock in my stomach.  I guess I just like a good simple sub sandwich.  This place just seems to be overdoing it for me when it comes to what they put in their subs.  Next time it's subs for lunch I'll be at Jimmy John's.
4	Firehouse is one of my favorite sandwich shops! I have always gotten the Italian and have never regretten it. Definitely worth a try!
4	This was my first visit to this sub shop.  Right when you walk in, the staff is super friendly.  While I am not a fan of hot subs, they accommodated making my sub cold.  The bread and meat were both fresh.  The kid's meals are a good value.  We will definitely return when in the area.
