5	I noticed this cupcake shop by chance, as it is kind of off to the side on the bottom floor by the two-story Forever 21. The shop is really small but there's a big pink sign you can't miss. First off, the service was excellent and my boyfriend and I were greeted right away by the two guys who were there and they were awesome. Sugar Daddy's has a nice selection of flavors, though the two that really caught our eye were the Captain Crunch and Red Velvet. I loved how the cupcakes were decorated and even got to see one of the guys frosting a couple. We decided to buy both of the flavors we were looking at and they were amazing. I also agree that this place is way better than Sprinkles. The cupcakes are moderately priced and really big. I'm so happy to have such an awesome cupcake place on the west side. I highly suggest everyone to give this place a try!
5	Sugar Daddy Cupcakes is better than Sprinkles.  The  cupcakes were bigger and had a better flavor.  I had the strawberry creme filled cupcake.  The icing was amazing.  I am all about the icing, and this was perfect.  The only downside was the price.  For wo filled cupcakes it was $7.12.  Not something I'd buy everyday, but for a treat, it was great.
5	Delicious!Stopped by after hearing raves from my sister and was definitely not disappointed! We had the carrot cake with cream cheese frosting and it was the perfect balance. The cream cheese frosting was not at all overwhelming and the cake was most and rich. I can see getting a Sugar Daddy craving every time I am in the area!
4	My nephew wanted Sprinkles cupcakes for his birthday but I really wasn't up to driving all the way to Scottsdale so I looked up cupcakes on Yelp and found Sugar Daddy Cupcakes. Thanks to Stacey A I found it right away. The cupcakes were bigger and cuter than Sprinkles. I loved the glitter on top of the cupcakes. They were just as good as Sprinkles and the bakery is next door to my favorite place to shop. Does it get any better than shopping and cupcakes?
4	As I type this out, I'm enjoying a Red Velvet Cuppcake and boy is it good!I had picked up this cupcake earlier while on my shopping spree.  I've seen this place about a million times before but I've never mustered up the motivation to pick up what has to be a fattening treat.But I'm glad I did!  Even though my dinner at Olive Garden has made me so full beyond comprehension, this cupcake is so delicious and moist... although the glitter kind of worries me.  XDThis place has me hooked!
3	Um... I feel bad giving such a low rating compared to the others, but unfortunately, my experience was not as amazing as everyone else's. Maybe my rating is swayed with the fact that they didn't have plain or green tea yogurt.. both of which I was craving. Instead I opted for the red velvet yogurt (they also had pineapple tart, vanilla, vanilla milkshake and some peach mixed with something else tart - sorry, can't recollect the name!!). The yogurt was very flavorful and the guy behind the counter filled my small cup up waaay past the brim, which I appreciated greatly! But an overflowing cup with semi-melting yogurt is a mess waiting to happen -- luckily I eat fast. And it must have been really hot in there or something because the frosting on my red velvet cupcake was also liquidy! Gotta say though, the cake part of the cupcake was pretty moist and had great flavor as well. I will be back to taste something else and hopefully my experience will be 5 stars like the previous yelpers.Pros: good flavor for both yogurt and cupcake. large quantity for the price. ($3.50 for small yogurt, $3.25 for one giant cupcake)Cons: turn up the ac or something! cuz all your products are melting!!
5	Came for the cupcakes stayed for the conversation! That about sums up our experience here. One of the owners was there, very nice guy, talked for quite a while about his experiences and celebrities whom they've baked for (Rihanna's B-day party!) we finally decided on a SIGNATURE SUGAR DADDY, tough decision considering ALL the wonderful flavors they have here! We also went with a Martinelli's Apple Cider, weird right? But Sooooo good! Who know they would pair so well. Cupcake was moist and rich, buttercream frosting was just as good. Glitter really put this cupcake into another category, classy place and the wife and I can't wait to come back!!!
5	I LOVE these cupcakes. They are HUGE and moist and delicious. Such a great little shop in the mall. I havent' tried the tea, but thanks to Melissa's review, I will be trying it this week. If your in the area, or anywhere close, you should stop by. The owners are awesome, the treats are awesome and the shop is something to see. I haven't had the chance to try the Cap'n Crunch cupcake yet, I hear it's worth getting up early for. So glad to have you on the West side. Much success to you.
5	The best cupcakes ever. I love the frosting.
5	The most eloquent way I can describe these cupcakes:  OMFG.If you love amazing frosting, great flavors, and rich/moist/delicious cake, get ready for a cupcake-gasm!The boyfriend and I shared a red velvet and a triple chocolate and they were hands-down the best cupcakes I've ever had.  They make Sprinkles cupcakes seem like they came from the grocery store.
5	During our trip to the mall today my friend/hair stylist Martinique & I stopped at Sugar Daddy Cupcakes for a sweet treat. We decided on: the raspberry lemon zest, a peanut butter cup, the caramel fudge & the vanilla lemon. We shared 2 of them & I took the other 2 home for my Hubby & I. All of the flavors were amazingly good, the cake was so moist & delicious. I loved the decoration, the sparkles are too cute! Only complaint is that there was a bit too much frosting on them, but that's just for me others might like it like that. Would love to order some for a birthday or any other special occasion!
5	Definitely the BEST cupcakes around especially the cookies and cream ones but they are all AMAZING!!!
5	Oh how I wish that I either (1) lived in Glendale, AZ or that (2) Sugar Daddy's fed-ex'd their cupcakes (they don't, I asked). I visited this little shop in a random corner of a mall when I was visiting Glendale for graduation a few weeks ago. I saw their 4 for $10 deal and thought I would try it. My mom and I picked out the Sugar Daddy Original, Orange Cream, Strawberry, and Lemon Raspberry. An employee said that these would be the best cupcakes I ever tasted and I thought he was just trying to sell me on them. I was wrong. THESE ARE THE BEST CUPCAKES I HAVE EVER TASTED. Better than Sprinkles and Crumb...... anywhere. The fruit cupcakes had pieces of fruit in them and the frosting just melted in my mouth. We had even put them in the fridge and had them 24 hours later and they were amazing. I wish I could have one now..... they are heavenly......sigh
4	Stopped by Sugar Daddy's yesterday and picked up a 4 pack of cupcakes. The deal is now 4 for 12 not 4 for 10 anymore :(   I did the signature, carrot cake, lemon and a red velvet my daughter's favorite. I am not a super sweet type of person and usually scrape frosting off everything and this was no exception. The cupcakes them selves were very moist and tasty. we sampled all 4 and left the 4 remaining halves for her hubby. Very cute shop easy to get in and out for being located in a mall, I just parked outside of forever 21 walked through, it on the right just outside of the front doors.
5	I've made it my sole mission to bring all of my friends & family to Sugar Daddy Cupcakes! I've even taken these babies all the way to Vegas on a special request...although half of what I bought didn't survive the drive there. I'm telling you, this place is that GOOD & the dudes are awesome! Of course, so are their cupcakes. My default is always the red velvet, and when it is available, the captain crunch one is a fave too! For you healthy jerks out there, they've got really good tea as well...but really stop flaunting your healthiness and just try one of their cupcakes. It's well worth the guilt. Just remember that this place is on the first floor near the Forever 21 - I'd hate for you to get exercise and walk all over the mall just trying to find this place.
2	Stopped in yesterday with my Granddaughter and bought her the vanilla vanilla. I think there is way better choices to make, sickly sweet frosting and lots of it atop a boring kind of stale cupcake with a cherry on top. threw over half of the $3.50 cupcake away couldn't even get a two year old to eat it.
4	Overall I would say Sugar Daddys is better than Sprinkles, the cupcake itself is very good. For me though, it is the frosting that really makes these cupcakes great! Couldn't get enough of the buttercreme. Even better, it's not a chain...gotta love that in AZ, the land of the chain.
5	Bar none.. Hands down.. Best cupcakes around the valley..they are large... Decadent & command an audience.. Before you devour.. Some may complain about the amount of buttercream.. I say.. Bring it.. When I finally allow myself a sweet.. I want it all.. They will deliver.. Via a courier.. Extra fees apply. I love the Pink Cadillac, a strawberry lovely goodness; makes you feel special from first lick.. Yummy ..
5	Anyone in the Phoenix Metro area who still thinks Sprinkles cupcakes are the best, just hasn't tried Sugar Daddy's yet.  Sprinkles are SMALL and shockingly dry.  Sugar Daddy's have the best flavors, are totally moist and are twice the cupcake for the same price.  The Red Velvet is amazing and the Strawberries and Cream is so good, but my personal favorite is the Lemon.  It's so light.  I bring everyone here.  We even had a friend from France try them and she was in heaven.  They don't really do cupcakes there apparently.  Now she thinks American desserts are better than French ones!
3	The buttercream coconut frosting was the best part - but the vanilla cupcake was dry and just so-so.  I was disappointed as I was expecting a great tasting cupcake having read some glowing reviews.  Now I know...
5	They aren't serving the captain crunch cupcakes any more, which is a shame that I never got to try it, but that's ok! I'm beside myself any time I go in, so I only go in when there's a ton of kids, hoping their excitment will be an explaination for mine. The guys behind the counter just laugh. They are very good natured and give great customer service. The cupcakes are huge and satisfying and too good for words. Not too sweet or overly rich, but just enough to curb whatever sweet tooth craving you're having at the moment. I couldn't even begin to recommend one cupcake over another, just go in and ask the guys, they'll never steer you wrong! And yes, they have glitter on them and the shop is bubble gum pink, but I see more guys in and around there than I do at some bars. Just goes to show, good food is good food, regardless of packaging!
5	Just discovered Sugar Daddy Cupcakes . . . there was an article in the AZ Republic (I never knew there was a cupcake place at the mall).  It's hidden near the children's play area in the Arrowhead Mall.  I had the white cake with buttercream and coconut.  It was huge and soooooo ymmmy!  Will be heading back to sample more next time I'm at the mall.  I'm so glad I found this place.  Their cupcakes boxes are perfect for taking them home to enjoy later that day.Just try it . . . you won't be disappointed.
5	Um, the Pink Cadillac cupcake is my new obsession! I am a BIG fan of frosting and was so not disappointed! I rarely allow myself a splurge like this. SO WORTH IT! The staff was cheerful and helpful. They helped me pick out just what I would like. My only complaint is that there is not anywhere close to sit and enjoy their confections. I can't dock them a star for that though. The cakes are worth hunting down a place to sit!
5	These cupcakes might be my kryptonite! The store is small, very cute & the service is awesome. I'd already been bad all weekend (I'm not going to name names, but someone ate an entire 1/2 medium pizza in one sitting, & it was me) so I decided to use some self control & limit myself to 1 cupcake. After much thought, I chose the PINK CADILLAC. Heaven all mighty, it was everything a cup cake should be & so much more! By far, best cupcake I've ever had :) Yes, they are on the sweet side, but they're supposed to be! They're cupcakes, not a fruit salad. On a side note, my nephew had the chocolate & caramel cupcake & said it was now his favorite cupcake. He finished it in a minute, which was impressive since the cupcake is almost bigger than him, lol
3	Since I am a Sprinkles cupcake fan, I finally tried this place after reading so many rave reviews.  We ordered the cupcakes to go and I must say that their to go containers are great!  You can eat the cupcakes right out of them.  I chose to try their Red Velvet and in no way does it  compare to Sprinkles Red Velvet cupcake.  The frosting was sugary and grainy to me whereas the Sprinkles frosting is so creamy.  The cake was very moist though.    My husband had the triple chocolate.  Again - the frosting was sugary but it  was very tasty!  I will definatley go back and try another flavor!
5	Oooooohhhhh baby!!!  My new favorite sweet treat du jour!!!  I needed a good treat to turn my pregnant wife's bad day around.  A few rave reviews by some friends at work made my search easy.  Although they are on the pricey side, you will be well satisfied with just one of these mammoth cakes.  I still went with the four pack figuring they would last another day in the fridge.  As for my picks...Oreo, PB Cup, Carrot cake, and chocolate chip cookie.  All four had amazingly thick sweet frosting that tasted like their name.  The cake is very moist and coco-rific!  The only downside with this place is it's location.  Don't blink because you'll pass it by.  I had to actually refer to the mall map after I walked by and missed it.Favorite Cup Cake: Oreo2nd place: Peanut butter Cup
4	Ok, I am an admitted frosting fiend, but today I met my match in the Creme de Menthe Cupcake. Too. Much. Frosting! I can't believe I'm saying this. Truly truly too much. The cake tasted great. Love how delicate and moist it is. I am docking you a star, Sweet Daddy. Frankly, I should have docked you one last month for the Lemon Raspberry cupcake. Sigh. My world has been rocked, and not in a good way!
4	Sugar Daddy Cupcake might just be my go-to for cupcakes in Phoenix.  Normally I'm a Euro-buttercream or bust kind of guy, but the frosting here is a really satisfying balance between sweetness and creaminess.  Most days it'd be a touch too sweet for my tastes, but on nights like last night -- nights when I'm craving a bit of sugar -- these will do quite nicely.  The first thing I noticed was how cute the interior was.  Bright pink, very cheery -- like being inside a strawberry Starburst.  My friends and I arrived just a few minutes before closing, and so for about a minute we didn't see anyone at the register.  Then an employee popped out, apologizing profusely about making us wait too long, even though we hadn't even decided which cupcakes we wanted yet.  I ended up going with the s'more, Cory's Fox 10 Fantasy, the Pink Cadillac (thank you Yelp!), and the triple chocolate.  Four cupcakes for $12 = $3.00 a cupcake.  That might seem like a bit much, but these babies are larger than your average cupcake.  Definitely worth the price in my book.A couple of my friends got the red velvet, and after trying a piece I immediately regretted not ordering one of those.  The cake was as perfect as I could ask for.  Moist, delicate, smooth -- truly lives up the the latter part of its name.  The cream cheese frosting was really nice, too.  I love it when they deliver a touch more strongly on the cream cheese flavor than they do on sugar, and that was the case here.Cory's Fox 10 Fantasy was basically a chocolate chip cookie remixed into a cupcake.  Everything about it except the actual cookie on it was good.  The s'more cupcake -- also tasty.  The graham cracker layer on the bottom was an unexpected surprise.  The Pink Cadillac -- wow.  It's not necessarily inventive (strawberry buttercream, strawberry cake, vanilla buttercream filling), but it stands as a wonderful reminder that traditional -- when executed well -- is anything but boring.This place is somewhere between a 4 and a 5 for me, but I'm rounding down only because they don't use the top tier ingredients that I crave.  They're doing everything right, but a few premium components would make them even better.  Throw in some high-fat European butter and some Valrhona chocolate into the mix, and this could potentially become my favorite cupcake place, period.  For now, though, it'll just be my sinful escape every time I'm in the Phoenix area.
4	So I love cupcakes - I think it is because I don't have to committ to a full cake of a particular flavor.  BF can get one flavor and I can get another - then we can try eachothers.  Or as we did it here - get four different flavors and have a cupcake a day for two days. These cupcakes are amazing! Here is the general review: 1. I had a vanilla with chocolate frosting - it was ok - I would give this cupcake three stars.  The vanilla cake needed more flavor to it. 2. The triple chocolate - BF says it was very good and very chocolate. 3. Pink Cadillac - sooooo good - Serious five star cupcake! 4. The Baked Apple: So delicious and genius - apple struesel on the bottom!! Overall these were very moist and some of the best in the valley.  Just wish they had a different location - right in front of the kids play zone in the Arrowhead mall (a little chaotic - very loud - and not the best place to enjoy a tasty treat!)
5	These evil bastards with their oh so great tasting cupcakes. Pure wickedness gentlemen, I think you're trying to make the people of Arizona fat!!! Because you're cupcakes are so yummy and addicting, it's like crack. I can't even go to the mall without buying one. They are going to need to start to have Sweet Daddy interventions at my house. I can not and WILL NOT stop. I love them and I'm slowly getting all of my friends addicted as well.  Thank you sirs for contributing to my recent weight gain.
4	Good Lord, do you have to make life any sweeter? This is a slice of cupcake heaven!Thanks to the reviews here, we took a road trip today and are so happy we did!We got a six pack (it used to mean something entirely different when I was young) and tried the Pink Cadillac, Carrot and Peanut Butter to start.The Pink Cadillac was wonderful, with a filling in it (frosting, filling, that is)and was just delish. The Peanut Butter was good, but every time, every place I get a peanut butter cupcake, I wish I wouldn't have...should've opted for the coconut one, after all..Next I ate the Orangecream and it was fabulous! It was smooth and thankfully, lacked that overpowering orange flavor that some have.The Apple Pie was delish, and on the rich side (which is right where I want my cupcakes!)...My husband said his carrot cake cupcake was "better than any he's had at Caketini" . However, I still Caketini is better....So far, I think it's a draw between the two as THE BEST.The (darling) young man in my picture frosting cupcakes is one of the owners, and was a nice as he could be. He told me they're opening a second location in Chandler in about 30 days, so we'll be going down there when it opens. The Orangecream and Apple Pie were my faves...and they were perfect!!This place has it all, and is worth the drive to taste the heavenly flavors these young men bake up!Note: If you're visiting the Phoenix area, and heading to Sprinkles, TURN AROUND! There are way better places to indulge!!!
4	Yum yum yum!After seeing the interesting exit from Cupcake Wars I had to go in and check this place out.  I was IMPRESSED!!!!My DH had a Orange Creamsicle cupcake and I had the Razaberry Lemon.  Both were flavorful, inventive, and "different" from what you experience elsewhere.  The staff was super friendly, and joked with us about the Cupcake Wars episode.  I can't wait to go back!  Caramel Apple is next on my list.
5	Review from my wife:Great cupcakes, good pricing.
5	Alright, alright. You can have your star back. No hard feelings about the creme de menthe, ok? I went in last night to celebrate (drown) my singlehood in frosting, and wasn't disappointed. I tried their caramel apple cupcake. SO GOOD! Love the streusel layer on the bottom. Very cool. I feel kinda bad for them after their untimely exit on Cupcake Wars. Ah well, you know what they say, there's no such thing as bad publicity. I asked what a girl had to do to get one of their awesome t-shirts. I was told that they are all out, but are having more made. Yay! I'm hoping they'll be ready for my next field trip here.
3	Good, but still just a cupcake, if you need a sweet go to Bosa donuts..   If you need a cupcake do the Pineapple upside down...
2	The two times I went in there the customer service was HORRIBLE and would not go back for that reason.
5	My sister ordered 3 dozen of these for my birthday party and they were AMAZINGLY DELICIOUS!  Both the day of, the 3 days afterwards that we ate leftovers, and even the few we froze and then thawed a week later were tasty.  I would highly reccommend Sweet Daddys for their light, moist cake and fluffy frosting!!  These were my favorites in order: #1 Chocolate with vanilla- 10!!!!!  A+++#2 Oreo Cupcake- 9.5#3 Chocolate with Peanut Butter Frosting- 9.5 #4 & 5- we had red velvet and carmel.  I didnt think the red velvet was anything special- the regular chocolate was more moist, but I didnt get to try the frosting.  I also didnt try the carmel..... but guests said they did not have a strong carmel flavor.  FANTASTIC!
5	Excellent cupcakes. Get the red velvet. Hs
4	Pretty awesome cupcake shop. If you don't have a sarcastic humor then you'd think owner/baker dude was pretty rude. I like the name, it's pretty funny, cool and creative. The sizes of the cupcakes are huge!
4	I stopped by this place on the way to the ginormous F21 at Arrowhead mall. You can't miss it- it's located right by the kids playground and is bright pink. BRIGHT pink. The last time I actually bought something was some time ago (in Oct, during Halloween shopping), so I don't know if this flavor was still there.But the cupcake was great! Mine was the pumpkin spice flavor, and the cake was light and fluffy and moist. But what really impressed me was the icing. It was just as light, fluffy, and not overbearingly sweet. The fact that it had sparkles on it was just icing on the cake (no pun intended).If you're there, give it a shot! They're really great!
1	I flew in on business from San Francisco. I was there Wednesday. It was easy to find within the mall. Ibought myself two birthday cupcakes, a Red Velvet (I was told it's their best seller) and a Triple Chocolate. The cupcakes are pricey but also bigger than most (they're damned near Costco-size).I was disappointed. I love a good cupcake and was maybe expecting too much (what with all the high ratings). The cake portion of each cupcake was moist, fresh and quite tasty (cake deserves 4 stars). The frosting, however, surprised me (and not in a good way...I would give no stars).Triple Chocolate - I expected to bite into thick, rich, creamy chocolate buttercream...what I got was a whipped-chocolate topping (a sad substitute, for my taste buds). Red Velvet-I expected a rich cream cheese frosting and (AGAIN!) got a whipped topping that tasted little like a cream cheese frosting.I won't return here on my next trip. I'll try another place (even if I have to drive some miles) or get my cupcake fix in san Francisco.
5	The BEST cupcakes!  Much better than Sprinkles!  Exceptional customer service (as always!) given by Patrick, Mikey, Brittney and Jason.
3	Overall I would say the cupcakes are pretty dang good. I ordered 4 and shared them with the ladies at work. Red Velvet- this one was my personal favorite. It was delicious! Cream cheese icing was amazing and cake was so smooth. Oreo- Very good! If you are craving chocolate, this is your cupcake.Smore's- Tasty, but rich! I couldn't eat too much. The chocolate frosting was delicious. Cupcake#4- I can't remember the name but it has a chocolate chip cookie on top. I was not a fan of this one. It was not bad by any means, but nothings special. **All cupcakes are super sweet. I could hardly finish one! Perfect for sharing!I do have to say though, the guy working the counter had the personality of a rock. I would think someone working in a bright pink cupcake store would be a little nicer/friendlier. I tried to start up a conversation or even just be nice and he was not having it. Overall cupcakes are 4 star, service was 2 star.
4	Yuuuummmyyy!! My fave from this spot is the Pina Colada... the cupcake weighs about 5 lbs! The bottom has a pineapple mixture.. then moist white delicious cake and then white frosting topped with yumm coconut. Even picky hubs loved this one. He dubs himself a cupcake aficianado lol I have an orange creamsicle at home waiting for me. Maybe I should've waited to rate after havin that one, but I don't see how it can go wrong. If it gets BETTER I'll be back with that extra star.
2	I've been here a couple of times but I still don't see all of the hype, the cupcakes are just okay. On my 1st visit I had a red velvet cupcake, which was not good at all. The frosting only made it worse. Once you've had red velvet done right, there's no going back. This is just another example of a failed attempt at red velvet since it's become one of the popular kids in the dessert world.On my second visit I had the Pink Cadillac, which started out good but then a few more bites became too much. Yes the cupcakes are big but the amount of frosting is unbearable. I will not risk visiting again unless I feel the urge of setting my money on fire.
4	Had to run to WalMart last night and decided to see if this Chandler store had opened yet.  When I walked in I saw tray after tray of gorgeous cupcakes and just could not decide what to try.  The very cute, nice guy working behind the counter asked what I liked.  I said peanut butter and he suggested the *something* Elvis cupcake (can't remember right now).  It was banana cake with peanut butter frosting with little chocolate chips on top and a little glitter to it.All I can say is, next time I will eat 1/2 at a sitting.  Holy cow!  It was the best cupcake I'd ever had but I ate the whole thing and felt a bit more than full afterwards.  The frosting was delicious but a little rich, the cake was moist and perfect.  This place will be the destruction of my good eating habits for sure.  Thankfully, I don't go to WalMart all that often ... but I WILL be back.  Too many amazing flavors I want to try. ;)
4	Daughter was shopping at forever 21, when I noticed Sugar Daddy a couple of doors down. So I sneaked out and strolled my butt over there. Right off the bat, I had to wait for a while until someone noticed I was there? But after being noticed, he was very apologetic and very cool. So I purchased the peanut butter cup, Elvis Presley, and the Carmel apple! The Carmel Apple is a 10+, one of the best cupcake I have ever tasted. The Elvis Presley, and Peanut Butter Cup was very good. Overall the cakes are very moist, and the frosting is not over powering. They have a lot more selection here, we will have to come back and try them.
4	I have been around the block when it comes to cupcake shops and this is one of the better. Consistently delicious an super moist. The only draw back for me is the lack of strong flavors. Not saying they are bad but just not what I expect from a well known cupcake shop.
2	I really wanted to like this place. The cupcakes are a work of art to look at..beautiful. They call your name to buy one. Was at Arrowhead recently shopping with my Mother I had heard about this place from several sources..some good, some bad. We stopped in and had to wait a while to be served. A young male wearing purple nail polish and another male frosting cupcakes were deep in conversation and took both of them a while to notice us..nail polish man was apologetic and proceeded to take our order.  We bought 4 cupcakes because we couldn't decide..a pineapple express, a peanut butter cup, a baked apple and a vanilla signature.  When arriving home we couldn't wait to try the picture perfect specimens before us..we cut each one in half so each of us could sample all. The best of the bunch was the baked apple. Cake was semi-moist and flavorful, but that frosting, ugh. So sweet and so plentiful and not in a good way. The others were dry and crumbly with that sicking sweet frosting. Needless to say after both of us taking a bite of each flavor we proceeded to throw them in the trash. If you want a cupcake that looks great but tastes..meh this is the place for you.
5	These cupcakes are AMAZING!! The lemon one is to die for!! Well worth a trip to try em out!Seriously the BEST!! Love most of their flavors!! Can't go wrong :)
2	I have never met a cupcake I did not like, I have been here twice, Both times I have gotten the same 2 cupcakes, Orange Creme & Razzberry, Lemon zest. They are both very good, always moist, I usually have to take the top half of the frosting off because there is just to much of it. I really like the cupcakes but the customer service is lacking, My husband and I went in, there were 2 ladies in front of us. There were 2 workers they both ignored my husband and I and focused on flirting with the 2 girls in front of us, chatting them up for 10 minutes, when the girls left and they finally helped us out, it was "what can I get you... Need your receipt?" we didn't even get so much as a Thank you or a Have a good night. When you don't feel your patronage is appreciated you don't tend to want to visit again!
4	Really cute place, laid back guys working there but very nice and knowledgeable, they know their cupcake stuff!   Beautiful cakes, only had the red velvet, and i never order red velvet  devoured it in one sitting, prob should have ate half and saved the other. Very good for red velvet, moist and rich.  Love the frosting and I'm super picky on frostings, like them simple but this was to die for frosting!  Cant wait to try others!
2	If I was just judging this place on how their cupcakes looked, they would get 5 stars, unfortunately however, these cupcakes don't taste nearly as good as they look. I've tried their cupcakes several different times, each time hoping that this cupcake would be better but it never is. The cake part of the cupcakes is generally ok- moist but really nothing special. The frosting is the most disappointing part of the cupcake for me. Each flavor of their frosting I've tried tastes like the same sickly sweet flavor (and I'm a person who generally loves really sweet things). It doesn't matter what flavor of frosting it is, it all tastes the same. I'm not a good baker and I can make better cupcakes out of a cupcake mix box.
3	I had never heard of this cupcake bakery until I had visited the arrowhead directory... I was really looking forward to some frozen yogurt moreover than the cupcakes, mainly because I am not the biggest fan of cupcakes unless I know its all natural ingredients with no hydrogenated oils. However when you walk into this place I didn't notice any frozen yogurt anywhere, probably because I am used to the self serve frozen yogurt. Anyway I put aside my yogurt craving and decided to try a cupcake. And had gone with the caramel apple cupcake. And it was good... but the cake didn't seem like anything special or from scratch, I could be wrong. And the strussel on the bottom was good but seemed a little too moist. I probably would have felt more comfortable with the yogurt but it wasn't really advertised anywhere in the shop and I didn't bother asking. I was hoping there was some nutrition related facts on their site which to me, would have been nice to know if it was from scratch with natural ingredients and not Betty Crocker cake mix. But there wasn't much except there menu and media. Overall it was an average cupcake place, I believe CRUMBS cupcakes is still by far the best, as theirs is way more to enjoy and it more complex. Or even Sprinkles which is about the same price.
3	Cupcakes these days are all the rage, so it's all about the moisture of the cake and the frosting.  I asked the guy behind the counter which were their popular cupcakes and it was the Triple Chocolate, the Red Velvet, and the Oreo.  I got the red velvet.The cupcake was delicious, but it wasn't amazing.  I think the cupcake itself is a bit too big.  The frosting was light and airy which I did like.  Bottom line: Sure, I'll come back if I crave one.
5	Went in to pick up cupcakes for a birthday. The guys were friendly and the selection was amazing. The presentation of the cupcakes is amazing and so is the taste. I would highly recommend this cupcake bakery!
5	I hate Sweet Daddy's, I hate them so much.  Those pricks made me fat, I can't step on a beach without 10 kids tossing water on me and screaming, "whale stop fighting us! We're trying to push you back into the ocean!!!"  F**king humanitarians.I'm Austin Powers Fat Bastard....get in my belly.  I'm two steps from carrying around a breathing machine for my fat ass thanks to  Sweet Daddy's. I had a button literally snap off my pants at work, and I'm sure it's the cupcakes.  Lucky no old people where standing in front of me or I would have taken out their eyes or walkers with my shooting button.On the upside, I come in once every 3 months to do large orders for my coworkers.  And I pick up over 3 dozen to deliver to work.  Why is that good news?  Because everyone else is fat now too.  We are fat and we are happy.The hospital transplant doctors I work with would like the thank Sweet daddy's for making their cupcakes so yummy, that people can't quit eating them.  Sweet daddy's should be getting commission for making people fat and causing them to need heart and kidney transplants.And I try to work out...I reward myself with cupcakes.  DAMN WHY ARE THEY SO TASTY!!!!  You win this round Sweet Daddy's, but one day I shall over come your sugary deliciousness.
4	Seriously delicious cupcakes.  compared to Sprinkles, the cupcakes here are a lot ... what's the word ... manlier.  Definitely a great place to splurge.  Their flavors are AWESOME!!
5	Best cupcakes in town and I've tried a LOT of cupcakes. The sizes are large enough to split for two people and the flavors are incredible. For me, it's all about the frosting and the frosting here is the best. Also, side note, check out the kick ass digital signage they use. The images on it are amazing.
4	I judge cupcakes on two criteria: (1) the quality of the frosting and (2) the moisture of the cake. Both of these factors, of course, sum up to a greater whole. It's hard to talk about the whole without dissecting it into its components. But if you don't feel like reading my whole spiel, I'll just sum up the whole in 2 words: pretty good!I had the Oreo cupcake. 'Twas recommended by a dear friend of mine who raves about Sweet Daddy Cupcakes like every time we hang out. So there was some considerable hype going into this. Also doesn't help that Sweet Daddy cupcakes were featured on Food Network's hit show Cupcake Wars. Already the stakes are high!So (1) the quality of the frosting. The frosting for the Oreo cupcake was actually quite delicious. It was unique in that it had almost a granular gravel quality to it since it was permeated with the microscopic crumbs of crushed Oreo cookies. But at the same time, it was still frosting as a whole and very creamy and alluring. Awesomeness.(2) The moisture of the cake. This is where the cupcake falls short of excellence. The cake itself was moist inside but the outer layers were actually kinda dry. Maybe the batch I ate wasn't very fresh or maybe that's just the way it is. I don't know. But that's just how it got served and I wasn't thrilled about it. Another note. The cupcakes here are actually quite big and a little tall. For me, a perfect bite of cupcake should extend from the top where the frosting is all the way to the bottom. And this aspect of design allows for good cake to frosting ratio. It's not a breaking factor but it's something to note for those of you with smaller mouths!In the end, my favorite cupcake store remains the super-famous Sprinkles Cupcakes. But Sweet Daddy's is not a bad alternative either if you're in the neighborhood!
5	Now my dog is addicted.  Let me explain before you call PETA!!!  I bought my favorite Raspberry Lemon Zest cupcake from them,  and went home.  My pitbull, who could care less if I was being murdered and never wakes up to say hi when I come home, suddenly rose from her coma the moment I walked in the door.I was impressed, I was like "my baby came to the door!" I was excited, but she wasn't looking at me, she was looking at what was in my hand.  I sit down, I flick on the tv, there she is again, best behaved dog in the world suddenly.  So I'm eating my cupcake and wondering, why is she being so good?  Last time she was this good, I had to rip down "Have you seen my cat" signs and dig a hole in the backyard to hide what the mutt did.  Then it hits me, the cupcake in my hand.  I take my pinky, jack a little frosting off the top, let her lick my finger and tell her to go away.Weeks later, my family comes in town and they are staying with me.  I tell them about this place I loved and bring home cupcakes.  My grandfather comes to check out what's in my hand, the dog starts growling, I'm thinking she protective of me.  I put my stuff down, take off to my room to change, come back and she's still growling at him and everyone else, a stance between her and the cupcakes.My grandfather says, let's test the theory (he knows if you wrestle me the dog will attack) so he comes over and kicks my ass with the help of other family members.  The dog holds her ground, protect the cupcakes and not the lady that feeds her.This was absolutely a relief, I use to be afraid of someone breaking into the house in the middle of the night and I didn't know if Zoey could rise to the occasion to protect the home.  But it brings me to tears to know every Sweet Daddy cupcake will be safe while the robbers are tying me to a chair and gagging me.  Never a more proud moment to a pet parent. F**king dog, F**king Sweet Daddy's, turn my dog too?
2	Gahhhhh after walking the mall for awhile I got a sweet craving and remembered that there was a cupcake store in this mall so I decided to go for my favorite red velvet cupcake.So the store front is cute - like most cupcake places (sprinkles, dots, crumbs, you name it they are all the same cute o store fronts..hehe) Anyways that's besides the point....well the cupcakes look very good not to mention really big too! So I was really excited to get my red velvet cupcake - it didn't look as fancy or pretty but I wouldn't have really cared as long as it tasted good.....however....unfortunately it wasn't very good tasting either. The frosting was lacking cream cheese...it says it's the classic cream cheese butter-cream frosting but I know cream cheese frosting and this just didn't make the cut. I love cream cheese frosting and I know how it tastes - this one tasted like the simple classic butter-cream frosting to me  - the frosting is the most important part besides the quality of the cake batter (if it's moist or dry or does it crumble easily or clumps together) well the cake itself was okay - it wasn't super moist nor dry so I'll let it pass...but the frosting was the most disappointing part for me because even though it says it's classic cream cheese frosting I just can't believe it because it didn't taste like it at all.Funny how this place is going to compete on the TV show Cupcake Wars too. Well I do give them credit for being $0.25 cheaper than the other cupcake bakeries and their cupcakes are larger than standard size cupcakes which most places serve. Would I try this place again? Well I'll give them a benefit of a doubt and try their other flavors next time....but I'm not even half finish with my red velvet cupcake...heh
5	When I first saw this place, it looked really cute from far away. As I got closer, there were a bunch of cute cupcakes displayed in front of the glass. Each cupcake has a different design but tastes great! I recommend going here for fun, an occasion, or giving it to someone for a present.
3	Cute guys wearing tight black shirts selling cupcakes covered in glitter?  Yes please.  Nothing more to say.
5	The pumpkin cupcake....... holy sweet jesus....
5	The dozen cupcakes were wonderful.   Two chocolate cupcakes were the same flavor.  For my taste there was to much delicious  frosting,  no one else agreed with me. "To much? Is that possable?"  I am a cake person not frosting.  But the cake had no problem holding is own and each frosting held its own surprise taste, complimenting each other. Getting them to the car then home was the problem.  The box was thought out, but to big.  The top was not tapped or tied onto the box, after going the length of Arrowhead, up the elevator, out the door and the long walk to the car.... It did not make it.  Less the 5 cars from safety a breeze caught the lid, the integrity of the box was gone, twisting in the middle.   12 cupcakes were now 1.  Next time I will ask for 2 half dozen boxes and tap them.   But they were still good.   In fact, China, a pit bull, a delicate flower of a dog, never interested in the kitchen came out, focusing in on the counter.  She must have read the earlier review of a fellow pit bull.  She too approved of the frosting, despite the fact food is not number one to her.  A soft place to sleep, and love is at the top.  Sadly there will be no Sweet Daddy's cupcakes in her future.  As for us, I will be back again, and soon.
4	I don't know what took me so long to review sweet daddies. This place is probably the best cupcake shop in the valley. I'm lucky that its on my side of town although they have another shop in Chandler. I've been here probably 20 times since they have opened and I've never been disappointed. Yesterday we had 4 and took them home. My only complaint is the boxes they use don't give you much room. If you tilt them at all, like put in back seat of car, sometimes they fall into each other and you ruin the presentation. Yesterday my favorite was the Pumpkin and mint chocolate. I don't think you can go wrong with any though!
5	I love the cupcakes from this place!  I think they have two locations now, but I've only been to the one at Arrowhead Mall.  They guys are always nice when you're making your selection.  The prices aren't too bad, especially for the flavor of the cupcakes (and frosting).
5	I'm not exactly how I started going to Sweet Daddy Cupcakes, but I haven't looked back since first stepping foot into their shop. Their cupcakes are absolutely phenomenal! To me, it's all about the frosting -- and I could literally eat a tub of their frosting... it's not the thick, butter-based frosting that makes you feel like you're churning butter in your mouth; it's creamy and finger-licking good. Then the cupcakes themselves are so moist, and flavorful. The cupcake flavors are well thought out and they always rotate different flavors so you are able to try something new when you stop in. Hands down, Sweet Daddy's definitely has the best cupcakes in town, from their cupcake flavors, to the frosting and glitter on top. I literally drive 30-45 minutes to get a Sweet Daddy cupcake (or a dozen) anytime I need a sugar fix. So worth it!
4	Yummy!!!
5	I have never had any type of gourmet cupcake until coming to this place only the cheap kind from the market and man have I been missing out! As soon as I arrived I was greeted by a friendly worker who was helpful and patient. I got 4 cupcakes for $12, Orange cream, Oreo, Peanut butter, and Carmel Apple. If your new you must try the Carmel Apple cupcake!!! It is sooo good maybe even better then an actually Carmel apple the other cupcakes were yummy too. I love these cupcakes because every cupcake was moist and rich also the flavor isn't drowned in sugar like some other places.
5	Warning: Sweet Daddy cupcakes are addictive. I went through a little spell where I would buy them every time I left the gym. It was so bad that I had to take all my money and credit cards out of my purse and leave them home whenever I went to the gym. My favorite is the Pineapple Express, which taste just like a pineapple upside down cake. The cake of their cupcakes is just as delicious as the frosting. One time I bought 4 of them and ate two in the car before leaving their parking lot. It is true that the box that the cupcakes come in as a group is not great, my cupcakes did indeed fall over inside the box. If they could fix that, it would be great but they still get 5 stars from me. I've been to two of their locations, one at Arrowhead and the other in Chandler. They are the best cupcakes I've ever had. I'm currently rehabbing from them and trying to stay away but it's hard.
2	Like others, what drove me to try out their cupcakes was their appearance on Cupcake Wars (even though they lost first round). All guys running a cupcake shop when many other contestants on that show were women...cool enough for me to pay a visit. Their location at the mall was another plus in that I could squeeze in some retail therapy. The cupcake is much larger than ones you would find at most cupcakeries. I would recommend sharing one so that you can enjoy the flavor of one with only half the calories to burn off later at the gym. First one I had was the red velvet. I use that flavor as my benchmark for all the cupcake shops I visit whenever possible. Not sure why...maybe because it was the first flavor I had at sprinkles? Even though I think the red velvet at sprinkles isn't great at all. Anyway, for the red velvet, it definitely was not a love at first bite moment. The cake portion tasted like grocery store grade cake. The frosting left much to be desired. While fluffy and light, it lacked flavor or any kind of special ooomph. I thought maybe I went on an off day so I tried Sweet Daddy's two more times. Next I tried the pink cadillac and the next time after that I had an oreo cupcake. Each time I was left with the same feeling. Glittery frosting and pretty presentations cannot make up for the lack of flavor and dry, bland cake. All style and no substance. As much as I love cupcakes, nothing except maybe a free cupcake would compel me to return to Sweet Daddy's if I ever had the munchies while shopping. Pretzels or DQ will get my business first.
3	Well, we got the triple chocolate to share and it was a-ok.I've had Scratch cupcakes from Iowa and they are delicious and thick with a nice, frothy frosting. I guess, when I spent a little more on the cupcake here, I was expecting something similar - except better!It was a bit fluffy, (too fluffy for my liking) and, truth be told, I could not taste the three different chocolates! The excellent server mentioned how it had fudge in it, but I could not find any fudge.While the cupcakes look delicious, they miss some qualities from the cupcakes I am used to...
4	Very good cupcakes. I actually really like how light the cake is. Sometimes I wish the specialty flavored had more... Flavor. But I also like how the frosting is really light. They are definitely expensive but I think it's worth it.
4	I tried this place out a while ago. The cupcakes are extremely large and priced accordingly. I cannot say I have any real complaints about this place. The service was alright and the cupcakes were delicious! I would try this place again when I have a sweet tooth.
5	So perfect. The Pink Cadillac Cupcake is to die for.I have made several trips to Sweet Daddy for numerous occasions, including birthdays, anniversaries, and sometimes just simply because I wanted a cupcake. My entire family is a fan. I have tried quite a few of the different cupcakes that are offered here at Sweet Daddy. As previously stated, though, that Pink Cadillac cupcake is flawless. The owner had actually suggested it to me once when I visited. Overall, though, you can't go wrong with any of their cupcake deliciousness.
2	This is a no go for me!!My buddy Darren and I are cupcake fans and have visited many shops in the valley.  Although the cupcakes are larger than normal and the price is great...that's where it ends.  The cupcakes are not very tasty and let me tell you, I tried several.  I really wanted to love them and they did look amazing.  How disappointing when I bit into one and thought...WOW...such a let down!  I would not recommend this cupcake shop to anyone.I would rather go to Pixy Cakes or Kreative Kupcakes!!!
5	Caramel apple is my FAVE!!  My new addiction, I try to limit myself to one a week .  .  . Not gonna lie I break my own rules for this place.
1	Been wanting to try to this place out. Staff was friendly, store was very cute, cupcakes look like a work of art BUT, this place is deceiving!! Most unappealing cupcakes I've ever had. They may look like delicious but they are far from it. First of all, I used to live in NJ, near a Mr. Cupcakes shop and their cupcakes were so freakin delicious, you want to put the whole thing in your mouth in one shot. Not to mention they are only $1.50 each. Sweet Daddy cupcakes are much bigger so I get that they are more expensive but for $3.50 each I was expecting to be blown away. Bought 4 cupcakes (because it's cheaper that way) got home, two of them were toppled over in the box and frosting fell off. They are too top heavy with all of that frosting. Every single one of them had the most God awful icing. Even though they were all different flavors, all of the icings tasted exactly the same!! Could not tell the difference between any of the flavors. Sugary, gross, flat, flavorless icing. The cakes were not dry, but not too moist either and they were so damn big. Who could eat a cupcake that big with that much icing? The best way that I could put it is that they tasted like something you could make from a store bought cupcake mix with store bought icing, no wait, I take that back, because store bought cupcakes and icing actually taste so much better than these!! We ended up tossing them all into the trash. A waste of $12. Will be on the hunt for a REAL cupcake bakery because this is definitely not it. I promise you that all of the people who have written good reviews have never tasted a REAL cupcake before so unfortunately this is all they know. Trust me there is better out there. This place is a joke. Don't let the appearance fool you like I did.
2	Very disappointed. Cupcake was dry. Purchased on a Sunday early afternoon. Wondered later if they were Saturday's cupcakes. Guess so. Won't be going there again to spend my hard-earned money on stale cake. Sorry, Sweet Daddy.
1	If you like the way cake mix from a box tastes then this is the place for you. I felt like I could've easily made these at home.
5	The Oreo and the hot fudge sundae cupcakes are delicious! Nice store. Good price
3	I saw this cupcake store at the mall and I was intrigued by their sign proclaiming "As Seen On Food Network's Cupcake Wars." Later research showed that they were eliminated early in the competition. To be completely frank, I can see why.When I entered the store, I noticed that there were only a few displays of cupcakes (9 different flavors I believe?) I guess I'm just used to Sprinkles cupcakes where they have a lot more variety. The employee working was nice and courteous when I asked about any recommendations. I eventually settled on a red velvet cupcake, which is what I always order when trying out a new bakery.I noticed that the cupcakes were JUMBO. Much larger than what you'd get at other cupcakeries, which was a plus. It was $3.50 for a single and $12 for 4, which is pretty standard, but since you get a larger cupcake than usual, it is a good deal. The packaging was very functional. If you order one cupcake, it comes in its own individual plastic container with a Sweet Daddy Cupcakes sticker. The container also has indentations so your cupcake doesn't move around and so you can pick up your cupcake without getting frosting on your hands. Functional and convenient packaging is very important to me, clearly.FINALLY, the cupcake itself. I was very underwhelmed. I don't know about you, but I like my frosting dense! The cream cheese frosting, which in itself had a good, light flavor, also felt like it was so whipped that I was eating cream-cheese flavored air. While that may be a plus for some people, I was sorely disappointed. The cake itself was good. It's dense and moist, which is much better than the alternative (dry and crumbly), but like other reviewers have said, it tastes like it came from a box. Overall, I'll have to pass on making a return trip here. At a certain point, nice decorations, good service, and being the underdog on a reality show just doesn't cut it.
5	I can't believe I haven't come here to do a review on this place yet! This is one of my favorite cupcake places! My faves are S'mores, Pineapple & Lemon! The pineapple has real pineapple at the bottom & the s'mores has a graham cracker bottom with marshmallow filling! Get in my belly! They are always fresh & the flavors seem to change.  LOVE Sweet Daddy's! My only complaint would be that they don't offer the s'mores cupcake more often which makes my heart sad but my waist happy.
4	I really wanted something sweet and after trying all the "bakeries" here in Arizona, I was shocked to see something in a mall and I figured, why not?!  The cupcakes are excellent.  I'm not sure about these other reviews, but I thought the guys were really nice behind the counter and helpful.  I tried the Doodah (sprinkles) and my husband had the Lemon and they are extremely rich.  I typically am not a sweets person, but I loved them.  They are much better than Sprinkles cupcakes by far and I took several people to Sprinkles to see if they agreed and they did.  If you enjoy sugar and something that is extremely rich and quite large, you will like these.  I thought they were quite pricey for mall cupcakes, but it's like having a nice piece of cake.
5	Last minute first birthday cupcake for daughter was perfect! She loved it, and they gave me a candle too; perfect touch! Great customer service and the cupcake was DELISH!
4	Primo cupcake sugar coma... Yay!Always a hit to stop by Sweet Daddy.  They have a good number of original flavors and the frosting is perfect, if a little too plentiful for my wife and I.  Our six year old, however, thinks the amount of frosting is "just right".Service is excellent, though they look like fit Abercrombie models.  My wife noted they obviously do not eat the inventory.  If they weren't so nice, you would be tempted to throw a cupcake at them.The Chocolate Peanut Butter Cup, Doodahh (sp?), Oreo, Pumpkin Spice, and Carrot Cake are the go-to flavors in our family.
4	Cups cake are big and the frosting compliments the cupcake. The cupcakes were moist.  I hate having dry cupcakes. Oreo cupcake was beyond delicious.  A little disappointed because they didn't have red velvet cupcakes. Overall I would recommend this place.
4	Ordered a variety dozen for my son's birthday from here and while they are pricey (Cost me $35) they are good - larger than average,moist and not too sweet...for what I paid I feel like I should have gotten something more than a coupon for 1 free cupcake on my next visit (maybe 3 coupons). My son and guest enjoyed them and all was well at my place.Would probably spend another $35 on a dozen if I had to.
3	Huge cupcakes but the flavors Slack a bit. Not too much variety. Still good cupcakes and will grab another one when waiting for a movie at arrowhead mall.
4	Not a bad cupcake. Just the right amount of sweetness. Had the Oreo cookies and cream and the sprinkles vanilla. I consider myself a cupcake connoisseur and I have to say this cupcake is pretty good probably the third best place I have bought cupcakes at.. Generous portion as well. Two of my all time favorite places is Jill's sweets in Redondo Beach and Violet's in Pasadena California..
4	The cupcakes are HUGE and really beautifully made.The best part is, its IN THE MALL, so you can pick up one or a dozen the same time you pick up the birthday gift!TONS of frosting, ala Sprinkles, don't say I didn't warn you. You'll be heading for diabetes if you eat these regularly.
5	Ive been here many times and I have never had a bad experience. Their cupcakes are the best!!
3	I may be spoiled from Kreative Kupcakes. I bought half a dozen when at the mall and transported them carefully home. I wasn't really happy when I got home and found the flimsy cardboard box and shallow cutout holes had let 4 cupcakes tip over and the frosting had slid off the tops. Well, it all ends up in the same place anyway so I scooped the Original  (chocolate cake with vanilla frosting and a cherry) onto a plate and dug in.The cupcake was not bad, just not memorable. The chocolate taste was pretty generic, the frosting was WAY too sweet and there was too much of it.I waited a few days to try the Pumpkin and Cream Cheese. Again, they really aren't bad, but when you pay for cupcakes you want great- not meh.My husband ate the Red Velvet, he said the frosting was good, the cupcake tasted like box mix.That left the Strawberry & Cream (2) for my littles. Bear in mind they are 2&7 so...they liked them. I think that's pretty high praise from 2 pickies who will debate the culinary merits of McDonald's vs Wendy's for days.It's not bad if you'd like a sweet and you're at Arrowhead anyway. If you are looking to buy a special dozen for a treat, I'd look elsewhere.
4	Delicious cupcakes and friendly staff.  I will definitely be going there again!
5	These are some of the best cupcakes out there! They are all large, super moist, and full of amazing flavor. If you like Sprinkles Cupcakes...you'd better think twice and give this place a chance! Sweet Daddy is WAY better. The people who work here are awesome too and you can tell that they love what they do. If you are ever in the area, do yourself a favor and stop by and give yourself a well deserved sweet treat! You won't be let down!
