5	Clean, well priced and great pho.  We live 1 hr south in NY and this is our usual stop for lunch/dinner when we are downtown.  Never been disappointed with food or service.  Only negative is that it is very cold by the door in the winter.
4	In Montreal's Chinatown, there are plenty of eateries to choose from. I wasn't aware that Pho Bang New York had been recognized as one of the best places to eat pho in the city, because my decision to eat there wasn't mine to choose.  It was mid-December, around 5pm on a Wednesday evening. It was pitch black and freezing; I'd say it was - 15 C, not including the windchill. Walking up and down Boul. Saint-Laurent between Viger Avenue and Boul. Rene Levesque, I was eager to to find a place to fill my stomach and escape from the cold for a while. There's no shortage of restaurants but which one to choose? When I saw a couple check out Pho Bang's menu posted on the window and go inside, I promptly decided to do the same. I thought that if it was good enough for them, it was good enough for me. I'm very glad that I did. It's a large and clean restaurant, and the service was quick and prompt. It was before the dinner rush so it wasn't too crowded. I could enjoy my meal at a comfortable pace without feeling the need to eat and leave right away. I ordered the pork spring rolls ($2.50) and a large pho beef bowl with flank beef and tripe ($7.50). The spring rolls were okay, though a little greasy for my taste, but the pho was delicious. The broth wasn't piping hot which is good. It's annoying to have to wait and watch your meal cool down when all you want to do is eat it. The broth was light and flavourful, and the meat cooked well. I've only had tripe once years ago so I completely forgot how it tasted; I realized that I wasn't missing much so I ate everything else in the bowl. Admittedly, the large bowl was too large for me to finish it entirely. My swollen belly was fighting for room when the tights underneath my jeans were constricting my body. Needless to say, I felt very full but it was well worth it. There isn't any question that I'll return to Pho Bang New York again.
5	Great pho in a clean atmosphere.  I love this place.  I've driven over an hour just to eat lunch here.  Real cold by the door in winter.
4	This place is popular! I always try to do a bit of research before visiting any city to find out what places are worth eating at. Since Yelp Canada had slim offerings, I found Pho Bang thanks to Vice's guide to Montreal. The place is fairly large and on a Wednesday night it was packed wall-to-wall with diners. We didn't have to wait too long for a table for two and the wait is definitely worth it.I've had some great pho in the States, but Pho Bang definitely topped many of the places I've been to. I had the pho tai and the bf got the pho with flank, brisket and tripe. I was a little disappointed by my beef but the broth was delicious! The bf loved his. The broth was well-flavored and not greasy which is a big plus with me. We also had shrimp spring rolls which were huge! The shrimp was fresh and cooked well. Service was quick and efficient and it was a pretty inexpensive meal. Highly recommended!
4	One word: Yum.This place is great... I got the mince pork roll... they were ok but mostly lettuce. However the #12 (grilled beef with imperial rolls) was delicious. It was all very light but still filling. And dirt cheap... good food+great prices= recipe for success
2	Pork chops were not well seasoned, noodles are too mooshy, food was too sweet, definitely overrated.
4	This is hands down my favourite pho place in Montreal.  Soup and noodles are perfect, as are the fixings.  When this place first opened in its new location it was also kind of funny that they made it somewhat Grecian (in addition to having these marble lions guarding the basement bathrooms...?).  Note: they do not give a lot of bean sprouts compared to other places.
2	Went back to this place a 2nd time and must say I wasn't impressed at all, the vietnamese style seating and service (as in how they actually do it in Vietnam) may be charming for some, especially if you're used to it, but when you're used to north american standards in restaurants, it's kind of annoying to be crammed up against strangers, listening to them talk or vice versa.  The service is also sketchy at best, one couple left complaining they hadn't been served in an hour.  We had to walk to the cash to ask for menus.The pho itself is ok, the broth isn't bad, but it's nothing spectacular either.  My wife ordered the shrimp and noodles dish and the shrimp were raw...  nice.  Only reason I'm giving it 2 stars is they are ridiculously generous on the meat in the pho.
3	Came here on a recent visit to Montreal.  I always like to try Vietnamese food in different countries to see the different interpretations.  Our group of four shared the egg rolls which were good - hard to mess up anything deep fried though!We also had bowls of pho and vermicelli.  I think all were solid choices but nothing spectacular. I highly recommend the che ba mau, which is a sort of dessert/drink dish (hard to describe).  It was delicious and just as my mom makes it!However, the service here wasn't too great, and it's too bad, because that's what I end up remembering.  The waiter looked pretty glum, and we had to ask for water 3 times before it arrived!
5	I have become a regular at that place because it is so damn good. The pho soup = excellent. The plate of beef (#15) = orgasm for my taste buds. This is a no frills place where you eat and go. The quality of the service depends on which waiter is working that day, but in general, it is very quick. You definitely get what you pay for.
5	Best pho I have had, which say a lot for me since I'm from Los Angeles area and eat a lot of pho there. We went during the peak of lunch time and it got packed within 5 minutes. Waiting line out the door! We got the beef noodle soup with added beef ball... Delicious. Also ordered the grilled beef and chicken combo  with rice. It came with fish sauce for dipping. It was quite good.  Meat was tender and tasty. Total paid was 30$ for the 3 of us  cash only! But they accepted US$. This was a good first impression of the food to be found in Montreal!
5	God above, the craving I get! I love Pho Bang for their no-nonsense approach to food: minimal glitz and maximum grub. A restaurant with a dish for a name excels at that dish in particular, therefore my fare at Pho Bang is, you guessed it, pho.Ten bucks a head earns you a large bowl of generously meaty pho, two spring rolls and unlimited green tea. It hardly gets any better.At busy times there can be quite a wait and you will be crammed against strangers. I like it. I'd trade separate tables and a wine encyclopedia for great prices and portions any day. Throughput and turnover are fast, and the service is attentive. The few staff they have care about their customers greatly and it shows. The very few times I noticed I was waiting (maximum 15 minutes), catching a rushing waiter's eye was all that was needed to be approached.Particularly on cold days, a bowl of steaming pho loaded with goodness is all you need. Come to Pho Bang and you will leave a happy person. My tip: sit a little away from the door when it's cold outside, as some people seem unable to grasp the concept of closing one before opening the other.
5	Great food great price.Also great service.Try the spring rollsBest Meal and price for a meal in Montreal
5	Seriously amazing pho! I got the chicken and vegetables pho and put in some siracha (cant have any asian food without it) and it was to die for! I got the small bowl for $7 which is more than enough! So filling yet light at the same time! When you order the pho you get a bean sprout and lime salad for free as well as tea.  Good stuff and a must try!
4	Delicious pho! A great perk is the free tea. Only complaint is they are cash only & do not have a vegetarian broth. Extremely flavorful & cheap. You can leave satisfied for under 10$... Including tip :)Delicious pho! A great perk is the free tea. Only complaint is they are cash only & do not have a vegetarian broth. Extremely flavorful & cheap. You can leave satisfied for under 10$... Including tip :)
4	Cheap eats and a nice environment, very clean unlike other pho places in chinatown
5	I love how this place is so friendly. We only come once a year for the F1 race and the guy already remembers us. We like to come here before heading to the track for a quick, yummy lunch. We've ordered most of the pho and rice platters between the 5 of us in a span of 2 days. The pho broth is rich and flavorful and it doesn't leave that heavy msg taste in your mouth. I like the raw beef, round steak and tripe. however, the tripe is a little chewier. It's not a bad thing if you don't mind it.The chicken and beef on the rice platters are tender and juicy. The waiters are super friendly and attentive. Best price and meal close to the metro!!
5	Good big bowls of pho at a great price with super friendly staff. One of my favs to go in Montreal.
1	I want to be fair.  I can see why people give this place a 4-5 stars rating base on its food.  Their pho is actually pretty good.  No question about it.The reason that I gave it a one star was entirely for our unpleasant experience over there.  This may probably doesn't happen to most people, so just want to state this ahead to keep it in mind. After we were seated, I asked the waiter if they accepted credit card.  I thought it was opened in Chinatown and they printed their menu and signs in Chinese, and most Vietnamese people speak Chinese as well, so it was natural that I asked him in Chinese.  He paused for 5 seconds and stared at me awkwardly, and that he said he only speak English.  That's fine for me, but the way that he was starring at us for 5 seconds was really awkward and sort of rude manner. In any case, moving on from this.  While we were eating, this same waiter came from behind and told me to move my chair forward so that it gave more spaces in between two rows of the tables.  I don't think my chair position was occupying that much space, but in any case I don't mind to move either way.  But he never said word like "sorry" or "thank you", but rather like giving me an order or something. Had it just end there, I would overlook this and gave a rating of 3 to this place, but what came after was really unpleasant.After the meal, I went to the counter and paid the bill.  The cashier gave me back the changes, and I put the tips at the bill plate on the counter (which seems to be what others were doing too as I observed).   After we walked out, that same waiter chased from behind and sort of yelling that we forgot to pay the tips.  What?  I told him that I had left the tip amount on the counter's plate already.  He looked mad like I was lying to him and asked,"Are you sure?" in a pretty rude manner.  He acted in a way that like I stole money from him or something. I explained to him again and he just turned around and walked away.  Bet that he was cussing on the way back. Looking back, I think what might have happened was that people leaving tips at the counter's plate instead on the table like we do in California.  This might confuse in some ways that they could mistaken who had paid the tip or not.  In any case, regardless what happened, it is very rude and unprofessional to chase after the customer to ask about the tips, and question you like a suspect additionally.   I mean, come on, we are talking about few dollars of tips here.  This kind of attitude was totally uncalled for.
4	great vermicelli noodle bowl with grilled & shredded pork, spring rolls were nice, would definitely eat here again, but service was very rushed and inconsistent - we could not get their attention to ask for anything once our dishes were served.
5	My friend Reb and I used to come here at least once a week, if not twice in the winter time! The service is fast, we don't even have to look at the menu, and sure enough it's definitely tasty and good every single time. It's our comfort food, and it's our go-to spot when we want to chat and eat something that we know is spot on. Even the server knows my whimsical thing of getting veggie imperial rolls (that's spring rolls on the west coast) instead of pork and no carrots only the white radish. Since Reb moved away, I haven't found any regulars to come with me every week, but like a night like tonight, after attending Under Pressure, it was all I wanted and off we went. Sure enough, my number 26 (Grilled Chicken with Vermicelli aka Bun with Imperial Rolls) was as awesome as the last time!
4	The pho is out of this world. Other stuff not quite as good. Service kind of absent-minded. But really it's all about the pho, which is spectacular and absurdly cheap.
4	This place has the most delicious vermicelli I've ever had.  I like vermicelli bowls (usually dry rice noodles, shredded cucumber, carrot, bean sprouts, peanuts, fish sauce, topped with BBQ meat and spring roll) but this was different.  I couldn't stop eating these noodles.  There was something special about them.  Addictive.  Sounds sinister, but I have a suspicion they add butter to them.  Most rice vermicelli noodles in Toronto are bland until you add fish sauce.  These noodles were very rich tasting!Service was "meh", hurried and not too friendly.  Dining room is mostly communal tables, so be prepared to share the same table with a bunch of strangers.  Prices are higher than Toronto.  Vietnamese food in Toronto tends to go by size (sml, med, lrg, xlrg). The prices in Montreal reflect one size, and it's pretty large.  Still...I would go back for another hit of those buttery rice noodles.
3	A solid bowl of pho and good Bun Ga.
4	As a "Pho fan", I know by heart all the Pho restaurants in Montreal. And this one, is particurarly a good one : - the spring rolls are excellent, the best i ever had in MTL - the Pho Soup is delicious - the service is ok but the only "bad" thing is that you have to pay only in cash
4	I was there yesterday and I had a good meal.  I think the prices are pretty good.  My friend got a vermicelli bowl (grilled chicken and beef).  I had the Pho (raw meat with flanc) and it was pretty good.  The grilled meat was delicious.  My soup was very good.  The broth could have been a little more tastier.  I think i prefer Pho Lien over Pho Bang, but not by much :)Service was fast and the place is crowded.
5	For the pho that I had in Montreal, this was my favorite. A good mix of people, tasty pho, good broth and tasty meat on the side.The smoothies here were pretty decent also.This is a BUSY place though so you might end up having to sit at a table with a couple groups of other people. No biggie though!The steamed rolls were very tasty as well...I have zero complaints from the food here. Not the best in the world, or the country even, but still very good!
5	Although it has an odd name, this place is nestled in the heart of Montreal's tiny Chinatown. There are a few other Vietnamese places along this stretch of on St. Laurent but Pho Bang NY seemed to be the busiest.They have some of the best Pho soup and crispy spring rolls I've ever had. The soup broth was on par with my favourite Pho place back home (http://www.yelp.ca/biz/pho-hung-toronto#hrid:wCB8Ps3GDDB3UV_IO9WshA) but the rolls were the best I've ever ordered at a Vietnamese restaurant.If you're hungry and want some good eats for cheap, come here. BRING CASH. Don't be indecisive with your order because they get impatient and want a quick turn over on the table since they usually have lineups to get in.
3	it is okay.
4	I have been going here for over 15 years, the Pho with raw steak,the spring rolls, and number 26 ( noodles and grilled chicken), are among the best I have found in Montreal, the service is fast and efficient, the place is always full and there is a huge turnover so you can expect fresh everything. Added bonus it is a cheap meal, and they have always been consistently good.
4	My boyfriend and I stopped by here for pho. We got seated right away and were given a lot of time to decide on what we wanted. We both ordered a small bowl of pho and it came after not too long. The food was good, pretty much what you should expect. There was a lot of meat, but not really that much noodles but probably because it was a small. It took a while for us to get our bill and I had to go up and ask for it. I'm not sure if they even gave us the right one, but okay. Stop by here if you're craving for pho!
3	visiting from nyc and looking for a quick place for lunch, we tried pho cali instead of pho bang new york because they have a restaurant in nyc anyway. we didn't regret eating here, service was good, and food was solid. nothing too special to rave about. i think theyre used to seeing tourists here though because they have a system with exchanging US dollars set so they arent babbling some random stuff on the spot.
2	Will never go back back. Mediocre Pho. Lousy service. They act like they serve the best Pho, but I would say there are other Pho with similar quality but cheaper.
4	I know... why I am I have Pho when I am in Montreal? And I even there twice during my short stay?!! Yes, Pho Bang New York is definitely worth a repeat visit.I suggest just order the Pho... the broth is one of the best I have... or the best I remembered... Great aroma, well seasoned with herbs, rich with beef flavour..... This restaurant is definitely packed! We ended up sharing a table with others and even have to step over people to get out!The washroom is so clean... dare I say smell good?! One of the cleanest washrooms in a Vietnamese Pho joint!Good washroom, excellent food... that really deserves a repeat visit!!
5	Best Pho ever !!! I wish I'm kidding. Reasonable price, perfectly (and generously) portioned and DELICIOUS !!!!! Ten thumbs up - cannot say enough anout this place. We went there 3 times while we're visiting Montreal which was 3 day-plan ! lolWorth it!Loved Pho and Chicken and beef barbecue - soooooooooooooo good.
5	Bang bang and I'm in pho goodness here. If you're hungry, get the extra large serving. However, with any size, you will get a nice, clean broth full of flavor and meats. I only wish they would separate the raw meats on a separate platter as putting it in the same broth all at the same time means as some point, I'm eating cooked meat anyways. However, they do give you a lot of meat and tripe, so I'm just being pickyFinish it off with an iced coffee with condensed milk and you are good to go.
4	Pho Bang NY became my favorite vietnamese pho restaurant in the town! you will see a lot of asians in there. I'd rather go to a restaurant where people know the taste go.
4	My wife and I had the Pho here on our visit to Montreal.  We both agreed it was pretty damn tasty.  I guess we didn't know what to expect, but we've always been disappointed when trying Pho in other cities, especially ones with low vietnamese population.  The broth was flavorful, and full of the great beefy pho flavor.  If I had to nit, I thought they threw in way too much white onions.  Perhaps it's a french thing, but I didn't enjoy that aspect of the Pho as much.  Other than that, go here for pho if you're in Montreal, and looking for something other than French food!
3	Well although quite tasty I must admit dirt is a part of the decor. The wait staff were not rude just cold. Probably better places to go!
4	Pho was pretty good and drinks were as well. It was good and fast service, staff was friendly and speedy. The place is like a cafeteria style where you sit with strangers, smart move to get more people in and out. This is a pretty good pho place and I've been to many in Toronto. Price was standard for Pho. We all had a good time here. Would go back when I'm in town!
4	Probably the best pho you can find in Chinatown. Their weekend special spicy soup is extremely delicious, although slightly more pricey than other options. The service is somewhat slow, mainly because there are always so many customers in the restaurant.
3	Broth is thick but not as tasty. Soups have too much noodles and less meat. Quite disappointing.
2	Did my friends and I go on a bad day or something?!? It was the weekend and it was quite busy since we filled up the last big table available with a group of 6. We're all from Philly and visited Montreal for the weekend and needed our pho fix after a night out in town. We all agreed that the pho was not as flavorful as we expect, but maybe we're just spoiled from all the different pho options that we have in Philly! Some of us didn't even have the urge to finish their bowl of pho and they were ambitious enough to order a large! We also tried one of their pork chop rice dishes (com tum thit nuong) and spring rolls (chia gao) and it was mediocre. The staff was friendly and it was a clean restaurant though. Sadly, this is one of the few times looking on Yelp has failed me :( I guess it was a bad day, but I don't know if I'll have the chance to re-visit and try again.
4	Stumbled in here because it was pretty crowded.  Good call.  Quite possibly some of the best pho I've had in recent memory.
5	...At first glace, the soup at Pho Bang New York was dark and murky that went from transparent clean-cut, all business soup up top, to cloudy, mysterious and all party near the bottom - I present to you, the Soup Mullet...
3	Great spring rolls that had huge chunks of pork in addition to the shrimp in them.  Wonderful authentic peanut sauce served on the side.  Had the pho dac biet.  No jalapenos were provided on the side but the broth was plenty satisfying although nothing to write home about.  Noticed tons of individuals coming in and out on a cold december evening.  Clean bathrooms and hit-or-miss wait staff.  Had to ask three times to get water.
3	On a cold day, the day after the big storm, we were in search of Pho.  We yelped Vietnamese and found this spot.  Inside it is very basic and filled with lots of tables.  When we first walked in we were a little concerned because we didn't see that many Vietnamese people, but figured others found it on yelp too.  The broth was really good, actually better than what you would find in New York.  To my dismay, they did not have tendon!  The server told me that they haven't served that in over a year (still on menu).  That was disappointing, but we stayed anyway.  We ordered the spring rolls (fresh, not fried) and they were just alright.  We make better ones ourself at home...it was way too much lettuce and not enough herbs.  I did not like that they put the meat in the shrimp spring roll either - that was a surprise, also, the peanut sauce was gross.PROS: Excellent broth! Quick service, well priced.CONS: Spring Rolls, No tendon, beef in pho seemed like it was cooked in advance.
4	This place got me hooked on bun, now I want more. Also, the price was right, the service was okay and there was free tea involved.
3	Based on the typical pho place Pho Bang is well above average. The soup tastes fresh and not as greasy or MSG drenched like other places. The basil they use is different from the typical pho place in being very potent and makes the soup taste so much better. Dining room is your typical vietnamese restaurant, not immaculately clean but not filthy either. This place is really busy but the wait is pretty short and the food comes out almost immediately. Their appetizers and noodle bowls are just mediocre so if you come here definitely order the pho.
4	Pho Bang New York is the more-or-less the best pho place in the area (and there are a lot of them in Chinatown!). The noodles (pho) have a good texture - soft and chewy. The soup could be more flavourful though, but that's just because I am used to the unreasonably high standard of pho they have in Toronto. The service is not very good, but that's mostly because they're too busy most of the time. It might take a while to get the waiters' attention. You should also expect a wait if you're visiting at lunchtime or dinnertime. Their sign has a weird font so it's harder to spot. The words "Pho Bang New York" is located on a separate sign on top of the normal rectangular plastic sign. If you're having trouble finding it, it's the shop literally right next to the dental clinic. It's also the second shop to the right as you walk north from the south gate.
4	We went on a really rainy day and so the place was hopping (because pho and rain go hand-in-hand, of course!) and service was super quick. We agreed that the pho was pretty good and portion size excellent but you have to pay extra for those meat balls (what is in them?!) that you sometimes want in your pho so that's a bummer! But I'd say it's pretty tasty! I also tried the rainbow drink (green, red, yellow) with coconut milk, red bean, indiscernible green spaghetti-like jellies and yellow something. It was tasty!!  Would return on another rainy day for sure :)
2	Probably the worst pho I've had this year. Friend recommended it saying it was the best pho in the north east. It wasn't even the best meal I ate for lunch that day. I had some dragon beard's candy and maybe a bug flew into my mouth, both were significantly better.The noodles were stiff, the meat was tough, the broth was unflavorful. Also, I ordered some fried rolls and they were made with imitation crab rather than pork. This wouldn't have been a problem, but it was super salty too. The bug was still better than this.
2	Gave me the shits. And the soup was not all that hot. maybe it was too early in the morning? i dont care. not going back. Done n done
5	Best pho we've ever tried...broth is spicy and delicious along with spring rolls. Must check out and will def be back!
4	For reasons that yet remain unclear to me, the Montreal Chinatown has a surprising number of Vietnamese places including a ridiculous number of pho restaurants all clustered together. Pho Bang New York is one among the many. An old and established branch of a New York based restaurant, you can almost always expect a queue outside during lunch and dinner. The New York branch is Zagat rated, but not so sure about the Montreal version.The whole point though is that they do in fact serve pho.  How is it? Well it's pho, there's certainly no denying that, and it's even pretty decent pho and for a pretty decent price.  The lime, mint, and bean sprouts were very nice. The lime was juicy, the mint leaves were crisp and the bean sprouts were clean and healthy looking. The bowl of pho noodles were cooked nicely and the broth was well flavoured.Overall I was satisfied with the food.  The service was pretty decent too even though it was crowded.  Was it magical? Was it the best in Montreal? Was it anything to write home about? Not exactly.  It was a nice bowl of pho.  It's definitely a place I wouldn't mind going back to, but I wouldn't stand in a queue for it.
5	This place made me fall in love with pho all over again. The meat, the noodles, the broth, all were delicious and cooked perfectly. The spring rolls were superb too. And despite their being very busy the service was excellent.  Highly recommended.
5	I live in San Francisco now but this is the only must eat spot for me when I come home for the holidays. Their spicy weekend pho is soooooo good. They don't use MSG in their broth which is very important when making pho choices. Their spring rolls, rice plates, everything is mmm mmm nom nom.
3	My boyfriend and I tried this restaurant following the reviews on Yelp, but we were both underwhelmed. The pho broth was bland, the portions were small, and there were way too many tables packed into the restaurant than what is comfortable or even manageable. For a comparable price, I would suggest that you try Pho Saigon Vietnam, which is maybe a three minute walk north. Their servings are more generous, the soup is much more flavourful, and there is much more space to sit and actually enjoy your meal.
5	This is some of the best Vietnamese I have had anywhere. To be clear, we didn't actually order pho, we had vermicelli bowls with grilled meats. My chicken, steak and shrimp were cooked so perfectly; they were full of that yummy grilled flavor. The vermicelli was good and with the addition of duck sauce and a touch of chili sauce for me, I thought it was one of the best meals I have had in a while and so well-priced.We also had a vietnamese cafe au lait which my husband reminded me meant that it came with sweetened condensed milk. I was a little nervous that it wouldn't be sweet enough for me (I'm a splenda addict), but it was just perfect. As it was literally 0 degrees F out, I was thrilled to have it.I thought our server was friendly, it came out in good time, but not so fast that you felt like it had been sitting around. All in all: completely delicious!
5	It's so obvious where the best pho is on the block... This place is jam packed while others were less than half occupied!  I love the seating arrangement here. You're eating close to and right along with total strangers. It's hard not to make friends when you're all happily slurping up a hot bowl of pho. Don't be scared... Tip the bowl and drink it up!I've had pho maybe a half a dozen times in different cities. I'm a noob still, but this was the best I've had so far. It will be hard to find better. The broth, the fresh veggies, the very well seasoned shrimp... Eating pho is an experience. Eating it here is almost cosmic. Cash only!  ATM located inside.
4	Was brought in here by a friend yesterday around 3pm. Never really had Pho before or gave it any thought, friend ordered me a shrimp, with tomkin soup I think. It was amazing. Really really good. The bowl was massive and I destroyed the thing.I'd return, but now wanna check out other Pho places, particularly ones that may have liquor licenses so I can spend some time there. But this place was excellent.
4	Full disclosure, we did not dine in, we ordered takeaway to take back to our hotel room. However, the place was packed and service was fast and the pho was under $7. It was fresh and the broth was not salty. The gold thing is they give you all the extras on the side and are nice enough to give more if needed. We ordered the spring rolls and their delicious! I ordered the pho with flank steak and the meat was tender. Pay cash only, they do not take card.
2	This pho place is just ordinary. They don't even put the right ingredients in the pho dac biet, which is the most standard pho bowl. They didn't put any tendons or beef balls and they're supposed to use round beef eye. Seems like they used some tough skirt steak, so the meat was dry and chewy. The broth was not bad but I can't say this place is authentic. They didn't even give us lime or peppers on the side!!! If Vietnam is too far, the yelpers need to travel to San Francisco or San Jose to try authentic Vietnamese food. Why would they only serve bun bo hue during the weekends? And no Bun Rieu on the menu??? I'm not coming back unless I'm desperately for Vietnamese food. If this is the best in town, I don't even want to know how bad the others are around the block.
4	Here's a New York perspective (coming from someone who has easy access to Viet food in NYC) of this place.In Montreal's Chinatown where you easily have 5+ Viet restaurants along 1 street, this place surely stands out based on the crowds it attracts (plus above average Yelp reviews). Because there's multiple Pho Bang in NY itself, I'm not sure if this is linked at all.PHO BO VIEN (beef balls) - Excellent clear broth, but the  flavor profile isn't as strong, but it can be fixed with sriracha and hoisin sauce. Very mild complaint. I'm not as thirsty afterwards so I'm assuming no MSG was added.SPRING ROLLS - Not as good to what I'm used to. Smaller/ more skinny, wrapped and fried with an egg roll type wrapper instead of a rice paper. Rare occurrence, but Kudos to them offering a vegetarian version for non-meat eaters though. Rice Vermicelli with Grilled Pork (thit nuong) - Wifey ordered it and it was probably the most balanced dish I've had in a while in terms of tender and flavor of the meat. I cant judge this place against the other neighboring restaurants, but this seems to be a solid Montreal standard. Turnover was quick on a crowded Friday evening. Cleanliness is hard to find in traditional Viet restaurants, but this place is relatively clean. CASH ONLY.
1	More like NHO BANG!??!?!If you are used to the delicious goodness that is NY's Chinatown's Pho Bang, then do not jump up and down when you see a version in Montreal. How one can ruin good old fashion Cum Ga Nuong beats me, but this meal was awful. Everything is over-fried and over-cooked and just not good. Heartbreaking, really.
4	Great pho right in the Quarter Chinois. There were quite a few places the have Pho but read the other reviews on Yelp and decided to try. The service was fast and efficient. The pho was very good. We also had an order or the shrimp spring rolls. All in all enjoyed our experience here
4	Ate here twice during our stay in Montreal.  Very busy place so I took that as a good sign.  Overall the soup was good but it was a bit confusing with the ordering and what types of meat were in each dish.  What my wife ordered looked very different than the picture on the menu.  I liked it as well as our usual Pho place in Toronto but not as well as our favorites in New York or San Francisco.  I would recommend it, not outstanding but quite good.
2	The soup is so normal....I don't know why this place so busy..... And no service at all...best pho in Montreal for me...it's pho mymy...not pho bang!
3	There's really nothing special about the pho. The beef was full of fat and there was very little noodle in my broth. My friend had a beef platter and the meat was so thin, we just were satisfied. The beef wasn't marinated before being cooked. We had to dip everything in the fish sauce they have just to get some flavor in there. The waiter was very friendly and the wait was very short. It's okay for a quick bite but when I left, I was still craving something more.
4	Pho (tonkinoise soup) and fried rice are couple of those Asian staples that are not easy to screw up. Any montreal Pho  restaurant will serve up pretty decent Pho even by HCM city standards. What separates a decent Pho from an excellent Pho is the broth and the key meat (or chicken) add-In. Pho bang NY scores high on the consistency, richness and clarity of broth, scores a bit low on saltiness scale (definite MSG presence), but scores super high on the quality of Chicken (didn't try beef or pork variations) add-ins. At $10 all-in for a large bowl Pho, it's hard not to have a content smile as one steps out of PBNY on a rainy and cold Montreal summer afternoon.
2	We were looking for a place to eat one night and were just going to randomly choose a place, and then we walked by here and saw that it was jam-packed, line waiting to be seated and so we all looked at one another and walked in thinking: "Wow, the Pho must be amazing!!"  and... it was ok, definitely not the worst Pho I've had but it wasn't the best either. I guess I just don' t get it because the Pho back home is so much more rich and flavorful, this just tasted like slightly flavored water to me.The service was ok, and the seating is tight so be prepared to sit next to someone who you don't know.  I'm sorry to say that I wouldn't be a in a hurry to return here.
4	If I'm eating pho in Montreal, this is where it's going down. Proper broth, balanced flavors,  tasty grilled chicken on cold noodles also...  Don't ask too many questions or bother with the place next door. This is the one.
4	Pho bang has the most delicious Vietnamese soups I have ever tried. The service is super fast and friendly. The ambiance is great with a decorated ceiling and classical music. The only flaw to this place is that they only take cash. Besides that it's a great restaurant!
