3	Played here on 11/26/05Course was in great shape. Greens were slow. Some amazing views and some not so amazing views on the course. Great course for ladies as their tees only play to 4400. Good value for 100 bucks not quite as challenging as Wildfire.
3	For the money, the hotel stay here is ok. Nothingfantastic, but no major complaints either. It's like vanilla ice cream, if you like that sort ofthing.
4	Dollar for dollar, the Pointe at Squaw Peak is one of the best hotel/resorts around. Between the casitas, the mini-waterpark (or River Ranch, as they call it) and it's proximity to Aunt Chilada's the setup is great. The on site restaurants are not bad, either. In the summertime, I recommend out-of-town visitors to give the Pointe Squaw Peak a jingle because every year they have a very aggressive sale on rooms where the nightly rate is something ridiculous like sixty or seventy bucks. Just something to keep an eye out for.
5	I love the Pointe! This hotel is so fun and nice! My Uncle from New York would come visit AZ for business trips and he always stayed here. The rooms and casitas are nice but the real fun is at the water-park and pools. The lazy river is to die for it's so long and refreshing. The main pool area, or the river ranch, is a blast. There are slides, the lazy river, waterfall pool, volleyball pool, kids pool, and much more.I have only stayed at the Squaw Peak location, and I have been impressed and had a blast each time! Also there is no need to leave the hotel to get something to eat...they have great restaurants!
5	Just checked in this evening and so far I am loving it!  I got upgraded to one of the Casitas which is right by the water park and a private pool.  The room is small but is right in the middle of everything.  (I just found out my room is the smallest unit; the one right next door is a two story unit).Anyway, it started to rain when I was on the way to the on-site restaurant, Hole in the Wall.  It felt so relaxed and comfortable dining out on the patio with cool breeze and drizzles brushing my face all evening.  Not to mention the water park and the landscape are nicely done, which makes it more family oriented than Tapatio.  The water slide is so awesome that I don't mind waiting in line with a bunch of little kids.  There's one 5YO boy kept poking my back just to talk to me.  So Adorable!Phoenix is one of my favorite cities.  Even though most of my travels here are project related but I don't feel like business travels at all.  Great foods, malls, hiking trails, beautfiul houses, and free WiFi-internet at the airport.
3	Nice hotel but I visited in the winter when a lot of the amenities weren't available (pool, etc). The suites were nice and the bed comfortable. Our first room smelled but they quickly moved us to another.
4	Now this is a resort!  Freaking huge!!!!   This is a great place for a family get away or to have your next convention.  It has it all!  I was there for a convention and stayed in one of their lovely suite and everything was great.  The place is obviously dated.  With the layers of paint and the obvious constant remodeling.  They have a waterpark on property!  I did indulge in the lazy river and tanned in their expansive pool areas.  If I was a local this is the place I would want to hang at during the summer.  I also did some hiking on the resorts many trails.  All in all I would return to this monstrous resort!
4	My ex took me on a "guilt" weekend here a bit ago.  He got me a massage, body wrap, the works!The room was really cozy and the bed was so comfortable I didn't want to get up...but I had that darn massage to get to!We had dinner and the staff was extremely friendly. What really "made" the weekend, though, was the spa!First, I had a deep tissue massage.  Divine.  Not bad for a hotel spa, you know?Second, I had a red wine body wrap.  Since I can't drink it, might as well soak in it, right?  She slathered on the red wine/aloe mixture.  It felt sooooooooooooo good...but nothing compared to when it was all done and she covered me up for a half hour and put heavy blankets on me.  I fell asleep!The cool part was when she unwrapped me.  I looked like the mom & daughter from Poltergeist when they were covered in jelly but it really looked like afterbirth.  There's a private shower in the room to get all the "gunk" off.I was so relaxed!  Parking was a bit complicated and why I took away one star.  Meh.
5	This place is awesome. Such a beautiful desert property. The best part is the awesome LAZY RIVER. Nothing beats relaxing in an intertub with a cold beer in the hot Arizona sun.  I got upgraded to one of the two story Casitas, which was fantastic. So huge and nice. This place is great for families, but people of all ages can enjoy it. The only thing thats overpriced is the food, but welcome to all hotels.
1	Lantana Grille - My review is not for rooms or the resort itself, but the Brunch at the Lantana Grille.  STAY AWAY!!    This is the first year we decided to do a Mother's Day Brunch.  We had plenty of time to go anywhere else, but we chose this location, based on it's advertisement of menu, price ($50 per person) and of course, the resort is beautiful.All I can say is what a disappointment.  I'm not a mom, so it wasn't about me (for once).  Apparently Lantana is not known for it's brunches - we didn't know this.  So they weren't sitting anyone for our noon reservation.  The entire restaurant was empty, you could see busboys cleaning tables very rapidly, while about 150 people waited  to be seated - all at noon.  I understand about simultaneous brunch seatings.  Fine.  But at least prepare for the event.  Rent a microphone, speaker, megaphone something.  The check in stand was a frantic child (ok, she had to have been about 18) and she took names, said to wait here, but the here location was a 4 foot by 3 foot entry way, and there was about 150 people trying to "wait here".  So we walked outside, and the girl indicated she'd come get us.  We tried to find a seat for my mother in law, who was the guest of honor of this occasion, and tried to walk inside.  There was a seat for her, and we waited again.  WHen they called our name, she almost scolded us, indicating she had called us before, but we didn't show.  (she never called, I was about 10 feet from the door trying desperately to listen).So the poor waiter eventually showed at our table, by this point, my husband and mother in law went to start  getting food (again 150 people trying to all get in line at same time).  He was very kind, offered free momosa's to all ladies and took our drink order.  My husband gave me lay of the land.  Walk towards the exit, there are meats overthere, and behind me were hotplates with bacon, potatoes, blintzes and sausage links.   This is where the disappointment began.  There were about 6 what they call salads.  Olives with oil, tomatos with oil, hot peppers - yep with oil, and 3 other empty oily plates.  There were a few deli hams, there was pork which i thought was prime rib, because it was beyond rare and bloody.  I honestly know that was not a safe way to eat pork.  I missed a few of other hot items on burners, because of the crowd and various children reaching with hands to the hot plates.   There were no sneeze guards on anything, and people would put the thongs/spoons back in the food vs the plate on the side, which grossed me out.  The breakfast bar had sausage, bacon and what I already mentioned.  No pancakes, no french toast, nothing.  By the time I got to the bacon, it was gone.  So were the blintzes.  Thankfully my husband shared his.  Again, our mother in law loved it, it was her first brunch.  We were very happy she didn't have another brunch to compare to.  The $50 sticker price was shocking for what you got, or the service, or the various empty plates when you did finally make it to a hot plate.  When I did ask prime rib - I mean raw pork attendant for more salad, he said he couldn't leave his station.Sad, they just weren't prepared for a brunch.
4	I went on a- Get ready to lose your lunch. Here it comes... I went on a "staycation" this weekend!Wow, I feel nauseous just typing that.Anyhow, I stayed at the Pointe this weekend. So the rooms are pretty good, but this place has one really cool thing going for it. The lazy river ride. There's no better way to spend a July afternoon in Phoenix than sitting in an inner tube and drinking beer. I did park my car under the wrong tree and I did have to stop at a carwash to blast about 50 bird dookies off my car on the way home, but I won't hold that against them since the trees also give the resort a certain level of charm. Just don't park under any of them.The rooms are a fairly good value, but expect to get nickle-and-dimed if you want anything more. The restaurants are kind of pricy (and not that good) and it's $12/day if you want to use the internet in the room.
5	Just returned from Squaw Peak Resort and they have my vote! service,attitude, cleanliness all were GREAT.....I found the wait staff very accomodating, food was excellent..and all employees were extremely pleasant and just made the entire stay a pleasure,,, The Lantana Grilloffered spectular food at a reasonable price.
5	This place is a hotel of hotels! The rooms are MASSIVE and could easily sleep 6-8 if needed. Each room has a "living room" and a bedroom to go along with a very nice bathroom and balcony. The only thing which could be improved is the TVs. Who really sits in their room all day and watches TV though? The Hilton had one of the most comfortable beds I have ever slept in and the bathroom was pretty darn spiffy as well. The Hilton Squaw Peak has an ideal backdrop of a beautiful set of mountains and it features a water park to go along with three other pools! In the water park area there is a hilarious mini-golf course which is actually pretty darn fun. The water basketball court features some intense games, I know first hand!Yes, you may be thinking for $60-$80 less I can stay in the heart of Scottsdale but I would think again. The hotel is about a 10-15 minute drive from anything (Old Town, downtown Phoenix, Fashion Square) but its nice to have the quiet in the desert. We got a Baseball deal which gave us free Internet (shouldn't all hotels give you free Internet by now?), free buffet brunch every morning (A++) and ice cream and water everyday; that is what I call a BARGAIN. The staff was all extremely nice and knowledgeable and I would 101% stay at the Squaw Peak Resort again the next time I visit Scottsdale.
3	We stayed at the Pointe Hilton over the July 4th weekend are were very impressed with the amazing pool facilities and poolside food service.  However, I would send caution to anyone planning to stay at this hotel: if you do not have children, this probably is not the place for you.  Screaming children swarmed every corner of this massive resort!  So if you're looking for more relaxation and less SpongeBob, I'd suggest checking out the other hotel options in Phoenix.
5	I really like the new renavated Hilton it was painted a golden yellow color .first we went to the front desk they told us we had 1hour left to wait so we went to the casita pool it was really warm becuse phoenix gets hot .after we went swimming we got back to the lobby to check in then we went to go pick up my two brothers and my mom  i wanted to stay in the north pointe becuse it was less crowded but for some reason they put us in the south pointe.after that we got to our room it was total change all the furniture was diffrent from the last time we stayed here we went to the other side of the room the bedroom the beds were a change too first we wached some tv.after that  we went to go eat at hole in the wall restruant they had good menus then we got desert  we ate smors they were pretty good  at night we went swimming  the jacuzzi was really hot .then that night we got to the room to get dresed for bed the bed was comfy then i went to sleep. the next morning i woke up to get dresed to go to the river ranch they had the lazy river and the big pool in the front of the entrance  we got out of the pool after that we went to go wash our clothes at the washing palce.after we went washing we got to eat at lantana grii  they also had great food then we went to sleep.the next morning checked out then we left.i would highly recamand this hotel.
3	Just returned from a stay at Pointe Hilton Squaw Peak.  We stayed in a South Pointe suite on the 3rd floor overlooking the pool.  The suite was nice especially for the price.  The room was clean and the beds were comfortable plus the teenager didn't even complain about sleeping on the couch which means that it must've been comfortable enough.We stayed here because of the water park, but were a bit disappointed.  It was very similar to our local pool with the water slide and the lazy river, but we were disappointed that not only were none of the pools deeper than 4 feet deep, but the water was really warm--so not refreshing in the Arizona heat.Our other complaint was the staff.  We checked in late Wednesday night and the guy at the front desk just asked for our name, asked for a credit card, handed us our room keys and told us to see the bell boy about where our room was located and the amenities.  The bell boy then proceeded to point us in the direction of the room and that was it.  If we hadn't known about the water park before we arrived we would have had any idea.  My mom called the front desk the next morning to find out about any activities around the resort and pretty much got the run around (and once again they made it sound like the resort didn't offer any activities!!!).  Thankfully the room (and the cleaning & pool staff) cancelled out the other issues so we were able to still enjoy our stay.
5	We've stayed at all of the major Phoenix and Scottsdale Hotels.  Our Chiropractic Group (Schofield Chiropractic Training) tends to rotate through the nicer hotels and resorts. Some are wonderful, some are big, some are small.  This one is a favorite with our kids.  Yote the coyote, the lazy river, slide etc are wonderful.  Nice to have full service restaurant by the pool too. The bars inside each building on the edge of the pools are great for the afternoon conversation.  We stayed in a Casita with a King and 2 Queens, fold out couch downstairs and full kitchen.  Nice.
5	The front desk delivered tacos to the room, from Jack-in-The-Box, at 4AM.If that isn't service I don't know what is.
5	We love this hotel and stay here whenever we visit friends in AZ. We always get a good rate: this last time we also got $50/day food credit. Perfect!  The rooms are spacious and comfortable for our family of four - thank goodness. Also, no noise from surrounding rooms and fairly easy to keep a good temperature.The main attraction at this hotel is the kid-sized water park and mini 18-hole golf course. The kids could play here for days. Also, the pools in the hotel courtyards are nice too. The hottub is always nice and hot, the way I like them.
5	great get together for family and of course children loved it!! i may have got there late but it is all great...nothing to complain but what made it better is great company..
3	The service was great (almost five stars!) Theproperty itself is a bit tired.  Granted I am a 5 star spa  girl, but with the economy......the place needs a face lift, wood rot, ant problem & mildew...Not in the suites. Overall I would give it another chance. Comfy bed, ok food don't expect much if you are a cook.  The best, due to the economy the staff falls all over you. Had a pool, suana and hot tub to myself on a friday.  So sad for them because the people are sweet..    Hopefully things will pick up and they will do some deffered clean up.  I can see how a family would like this place.
3	I recently attended a conference in AZ and stayed at the Squaw Peak. The grounds were very nice, and with all the on-site activities this hotel would be quite a draw for the kids. Being I don't have any kids, plus it was too cold to be out by the pool, activities on site were pretty limited. The gym facilities and the comfort of the bed made up for the lack of adult festivities. The gym was good sized and had ample new equipment. The bed was really comfortable and had great pillows. Great for a family vacation, A-Ok for the business traveler.
3	There's nothing like being at a resort complete with tons of water activities like a slide, lazy river, etc. when it's pouring in Phoenix!Here with the hubby for a conference. The service was nice, grounds were nicely landscaped, and the desert is always nice.  However, without the warm Phoenix sun, there was very little to do.  The comfort of the bed helped to make up for the lack of things to do.  I would have killed for an indoor jacuzzi though, and a nice-sized tub.If I had kids, I'd want to go here, but being one of the DINKs (double income, no kids), there's no real reason to stay here again.
4	Let me preface this with that I would give them 5 stars if the rooms had upgraded amenities (flat screen tv., fridge in room (suite have them studio's don't)).  But the service here is awesome!  I came to the front desk, told them the price I saw online so he told me to book it through that because he couldn't do anything cheaper.  They let us check in early (noon) stay late (until 4) and when I saw our room was kind of small(the studios are small) upgraded me to a double queen suite for free because there were no king suite available.  All of the staff was very courteous.  The beds are very nice, and the linens are chic as well.  very clean looking.  There are pools all over the place, you don't have to roam long to get to a pool or jacuzzi.  :-)  I will definitely come here again, I just hope they add nice flat screens, we watched the playoff game and it would have been so much better on a flat screen (oh and the suite is very big, huge step up from the studio!)
1	We had multiple casitas/ suites booked for a volleyball tournament. We've been trying to check in since 6:45pm. We were finally given a room by the supervisor that was already occupied. It is now 8:15 and still no room. Left and went back to Hotel Indigo in Scottsdale where customer service matters.Can not recommend this place if you actually need a room.
5	We stayed here 4th of July weekend in one of their 2 bed/2.5 baths casitas. This "house" was the perfect size for our family of four. One room was a king room and the other had two queens. Each bedroom had its own bathroom, too. The casita was two floors with a rooftop deck, equipped with lounge chairs and patio table, kitchen (sink, fridge and microwave), dining room and living room with pull out bed. In addition to being close to the waterpark, we had smaller pools all around. The casita also had a carport which was a nice option. The rate we had provided free breakfast for two adults and kids 10 and under eat free at Lantana Grill. The breakfast buffet was extremely good. Hubby was ecstatic there was a lobby gift shoppe that made Starbucks drinks so iced nonfat caramel macchiatos were had all weekend long. The waterpark was fun but lawd it gets packed! The water slide was fun, lazy river always great, and mini golf is always fun, too. For kids 4 and up, they also have a half day camp that is nice for the adults that want a break. Since our littlest one is 3, I look forward to that next year! Although this is fun for families, I think this is also perfect for friends' getways. I can't wait to get the girlfriends together and spend the weekend drinking margaritas and lounging by the pools.
1	I signed up specifically to review this hotel. I have been staying at the Pointe hotels since I was a child. My mother had her wedding reception dinner here nearly 30 years ago. It's not the nicest resort in town, but it's usually a good value and always fun for all.That being said, 7/8/2010 will be the last stay for any of my family  at either of the Pointe resorts. First of all, I booked a two bedroom casita in March and prepaid for it so it would be a reduced rate. It ended up being $20 less then the actual rate but oh well! At least I had the security of knowing I had the room.Living in Arizona, summer birthdays are not always easy- it's so hot. It has been our tradition to celebrate my birthday and now my daughters birthday at the Pointe Resorts. The staff has always been accomodating to guests and making us feel special. Yesterday was Cassidys 2nd birthday. We booked the casita specifically so we would have room for both grandmas to stay and a little room for some family and friends to enjoy Cassidys birthday. When we arrived- my pre-booked casita was not available. They told me I had only booked the queen one. I found the confirmation and they realized they were in err. "Ok, that's indeed what you booked, but We don't have one available right now. They are cleaning the downstairs portion of the casita but you may enter thru the king entrance and we will let  you know when it's ready."Well, at least I have the room right? So we decide to do this. When we unloaded all of our belongings and entered the open portion of the casita, it was cramped to say the least. But at least it was cool. But there were 6 of us with some other family on the way. I asked the maid to put my cake in the fridge downstairs. I got a glimpse of the downstairs portion and was in shock. Someone had a major party on there the night before- like furniture overturned, bottles everywhere, sticky floors- an absolute disaster. No way would these two poor maids get this cleaned up by 5. I vaguely remember the front desk guy saying the guests who were there had a late checkout. Yea, I see why;)We call the desk and to my surprise, we were moved- to a 2-bedroom casita right across the way!  But why not in the first place? Before we'd unloaded our things, etc. But the front desk did say they would help up carry our things across the car port. And that we were closer to the pool! Wow! Super nice bell boy came and helped us out. We were settled by 5:30- but that hour and a half of unsettlement for my daughter was not good. If you have or have had a two year old you know what I mean;)When my husband called the desk this AM- we wanted a late checkout and maybe just an apology,he was given the run around by a very rude manager. They didn't do late checkouts(HMMMM) Did we want to stay another night in a suite room for $69? LOL at that(they had a coupon for next stay in a suite room for $79.)  I got on the phone and told him the same story I've just told and he laughed at me several times and mocked me when I said I am a service manager at a large corporation and I usually don't complain. He mocked me about having children. His tone of voice was sarcastic. He was absolutely awful. He said that the GM was too busy to help us and wouldn't be available to talk. They also charged us for phone calls when we had paid for the value pack. Including the long distance one when I asked him for the corporate #. And do they not have a 1-800#? I didn't expect much, but I don't expect to be laughed at.Absolutely unacceptable. I see in reviews on here and trip advisor they have service issues. The water park was dirty and unattended to. Service/Food in park. -so so. I used to love this place and I'm sorry that a tradition is over. Oh well, I'll go to the AZ Grand next year. Don't stay here.
2	The food was average at best. I spent three days here and had 3 lunches and 3 breakfasts here. Something, likely one if their salads did not agree with me and I was reminded about it for about 18-24 hours.
1	I was at the Pointe Hilton Squaw Peak Resort for a conference and I had paid for a booth in the Hohokam Ballroom for three days. During my stay my boothmate and I began receiving huge red itchy welts which were bug bites from insects in the ballroom. I went to the concierge who took me into the business center to speak with the manager Kyle King, who apologized and said he would immediately come down to the ballroom to assess the situation. Unfortunately nobody ever came to deal with the insect problem and we continued to receive bites and ended up with around a dozen bites each from our feet up to our knees. The bites were so itchy that they kept us both up at night for a week even while constantly applying medication. I later spoke with a nurse who said that they appeared to be flea bites and that the hotel needed to take action with the problem since flea bites can become infected from the feces fleas leave while on our skin and if they are scratched can lead to scarring. After the event, I called the Pointe Hilton Squaw Peak Resort and asked to speak to a manager about this issue. Nobody would connect me to a manager and asked why I needed to speak to a manager in the first place. I explained what had happened during my stay on the property and was told they would find the manager Kyle King I had spoken with and connect me to him. I was put on hold for more than ten minutes and then was told I was going to be connected to the Director of Security, who told me he would get Kyle King's contact information and call me back with that information so I could e-mail photographs of the bug bites I received from my stay on the property. The Director of Security called me back and said his boss wouldn't allow him to give me a managers contact information. After this I e-mailed the resort and was told that since I didn't pay to stay in a hotel room and only paid to stay in the Hohokam Ballroom that they couldn't do anything about it even though this happened on their property and they did nothing about it. And speaking of rooms, I later was informed that some individuals that stayed in hotel rooms on the property during the same time had issues with ants swarming in their rooms which ended up getting into their luggage.Overall I think it is ridiculous that the hotel wouldn't do anything about the bugs and also that nobody would let me speak to a manager when I had a complaint. I expected a clean and safe environment to be in at the resort, but the resort has bug problems in several different areas which need to be attended to for the safety and health of the guests.
1	I was at the Pointe Hilton Squaw Peak Resort for a conference and I had paid for a booth in the Hohokam Ballroom for three days. During my stay my boothmate and I began receiving huge red itchy welts which were bug bites from insects in the ballroom. I went to the concierge who took me into the business center to speak with the manager Kyle King, who apologized and said he would immediately come down to the ballroom to assess the situation. Unfortunately nobody ever came to deal with the insect problem and we continued to receive bites and ended up with around a dozen bites each from our feet up to our knees. The bites were so itchy that they kept us both up at night for a week even while constantly applying medication. I later spoke with a nurse who said that they appeared to be flea bites and that the hotel needed to take action with the problem since flea bites can become infected from the feces fleas leave while on our skin and if they are scratched can lead to scarring.After the event, I called the Pointe Hilton Squaw Peak Resort and asked to speak to a manager about this issue. Nobody would connect me to a manager and asked why I needed to speak to a manager in the first place. I explained what had happened during my stay on the property and was told they would find the manager Kyle King I had spoken with and connect me to him. I was put on hold for more than ten minutes and then was told I was going to be connected to the Director of Security, who told me he would get Kyle King's contact information and call me back with that information so I could e-mail photographs of the bug bites I received from my stay on the property. The Director of Security called me back and said his boss wouldn't allow him to give me a managers contact information.After this I e-mailed the resort and was told that since I didn't pay to stay in a hotel room and only paid to stay in the Hohokam Ballroom that they couldn't do anything about it even though this happened on their property and they did nothing about it. And speaking of rooms, I later was informed that some individuals that stayed in hotel rooms on the property during the same time had issues with ants swarming in their rooms which ended up getting into their luggage.Overall I think it is ridiculous that the hotel wouldn't do anything about the bugs and also that nobody would let me speak to a manager when I had a complaint. I expected a clean and safe environment to be in at the resort, but the resort has bug problems in several different areas which need to be attended to for the safety and health of the guests.
3	I stayed here on a business trip and didn't get the resort feel. It felt more like a large apartment community with pools and on site restaurants.  The rooms were clean and quite spacious especially for just one person.
4	The hotel itself is just A-OK. It is getting on in years and until they remodel all of the guest suites it will be nothing special. The pool more than makes up for the drab rooms! It features a slide, a play pool, a waterfall, a lazy river, and plenty of lounge chairs. I've never had to visit the pool area with children, so I can't really speak to the safety of everything. But I really enjoy the laid back atmosphere of this area. The poolside drinks are really expensive. I recommend pregaming in your room and buying one more down by the pool!
3	stayed here for a wedding and the hotel was nice. Unfortunatley this place was not really within cab distance to much nightlife, however there was a pretty fun bar right across the street. The pools were nice but the resort seemed much more geared for family's. Overall nice rooms however i wasn't too fond of the location.
4	I'd probably would give it a five if there was a tattoo parlor at the lazy river, because I needed one yesterday! I felt out of place tattoo less and not having a frat party on Saturday night like everyone else was having. Over all great hotel. I'd recommend the casitas as they are very comfortable for the nuclear family. HHonors gold members get breakfast vouchers, but you still have to pay about $7 for breakfast buffet at Rico's. It's a $7 buffet, but I nearly had a heart attack when I was charged the usual $20ish per person without having vouchers. Coffee at the lobby gift shop is pretty good. Almost Starbucks like. I'm not sure I would like this hotel if every night was like Saturday and it was winter. The pools are nice, but tons of kids on Saturday and a lot of riff raff. I'd make it a summer, midweek trip if you're an out-of-towner.
4	If you are looking for a serious pool experience, look no further than this hotel. You stay at this hotel for the pool and maybe the surrounding restaurants like Rico's, but especially for the pool. This pool includes: a lazy river, super slide, pool volleyball, miniature golf (yes, mini golf), a western village, at least three pools and plenty of hours of family-fun in the sun. Oh and adult kids are more than welcome too! This hotel provides the ultimate poolside experience, so if that's what you are looking for, this is your spot. You won't find "so Scottsdale" peeps with their stilettos and muscles popping out of their Ed Hardy. You will find down-to-earth people and families wanting to have a good time without worrying about what they look like in a bathing suit. The Squaw Peak property itself is pretty awesome too. I really think you could stay here and have a weekend's worth of activities without leaving the property. Squaw Peak Mtn is just a hop away and perfect for a morning hike, I've already professed my love to the pool above, they have plenty of restaurants on property including Rico's American Grill which is delicious and Hole-in-the-Wall which is fun old-western fun. They have a gift shop full of fun memorable items, they have a creamery, a general store with breakfast and snack essentials and let's not forget about the multiple tennis courts! As I said, this is a resort. This is an old school AZ resort. It's not frilly but it's fun and I think I'd take fun or frilly when it includes a pool like this! PS - summer rates are incredible and start at only $89 a night. It's worth it for a staycation or if you're in town for the weekend.
4	The lazy river is where its at!  Grab an expensive beer and just start floating down that baby!  You might want to expect to have families and kids running around everywhere, but if you can get around that then you'll have a good time.
2	NOISY Hotel, and OVERCROWDED pools. This hotel is for young families not families with teenagers.  If you want a lounge chair by the pool be in line before 8AM.  Parking is hard to find if you return late from sightseeing.  And Noise continues through the outside corridors until 1AM, children yelling, screaming and playing tag with barking dogs, and drunk adults.This hotel is not close to anything except Mcdonalds, but you will need your car for that.This is a worn out old hotel that is not well kept, horrible to no outside lighting on walkways and stairs, we felt very unsafe at night.  Rooms were decent but not plush, just basic.  This hotel should be a 2 star at best.No pool side food or drink services,  Don't waste your money.
3	Did a staycation here for 2 nights over July 4th weekend on their summer splash promo for 109 a night. I found out that AZ Grand used to be part of the pointe Hilton family which is why they share almost identical rooms and hotel layout. We came here so my kids can play in the pools and lazy river. It seemed like the pool water was kinda cloudy, hopefully from everyone's sunscreen and not other body fluids. There were alot of people there, hard to find an open seat to at least put our things down. Of course it was a holiday weekend so I expected the crowds, just not the cloudy water. Lots of trash here and there too, but like i said it was a holiday weekend.  Still, the resort should expect this surge of people and accompanying trash and still try to maintain the cleanliness. I prefer the AZ Grand over this resort. The rooms are bigger and newer and the water park is better. They do cost a little more, but it will be worth it I think. 3 stars for older hotel, cloudy water, smaller rooms, littered landscape. They might have to follow in AZ Grand's footsteps and invest in a major renovation...
1	This hotel was a big disappointment for two main reasons: the overcrowded, unclean pool overrun with locals; and the service.  We waited in line to enter the pool area and, once in, found empty chairs surrounded by discarded wet towels and garbage. The pool was crowded and warm and the lazy river did not move, giving you plenty of time to rub elbows with everyone else in the pool, including drunk adults and babies in diapers. Definitely not my idea of a "resort" pool experience. As for service...we pre-paid two nights here through Priceline. When our flight into Phoenix was delayed due to weather and we got stuck in Chicago, we immediately called the Pointe Hilton to explain the situation and that we would not need our room for the first night. (We also notified Priceline.) After numerous civil conversations with the hotel in the 10 days that followed, they refused to either comp us a room on a different night or give us a refund.  They talked about "their system" and "their process" but seemed to forget all about "the customer." Not sure if this is standard with all Hilton hotels or if this is just one bad manager at a struggling hotel, but when given the opportunity to do the right thing, the Pointe Hilton did not.  Disappointing for sure.We drove out of the hotel parking lot in a rental car covered with bird doo, which pretty much sums up our experience at the Pointe Hilton Squaw Peak.  We went there, got shit on, and left.
4	Staff is really nice. Rooms are adequate. The pool is really large and has waterfalls...and was clean when I was there. I didn't have to wait for anything. Lazy river was neat. The restaurants on site are spendy...but tasty. Great for pool fun w kids.
4	The Pointe Hilton Squaw Peak was part of a fab Travelocity package deal a couple years ago. This was my first trip to PHX and I was excited to see the area. My sister came with me, and the deal included one of their suites with comfy double beds, a balcony shaded by huge palms and overlooking a beautiful courtyard, and a nice size bathroom. We thoroughly loved the accommodations! The property includes a nice restaurant which we visited once or twice, several pools, a lazy river, super slide, pool volleyball, mini golf, and a couple cool souvenir stores with local items. We were blown away by the pool-side service, and the swim-up bar. We also availed ourselves of the Tocasierra Spa (see separate review) on the property. I would absolutely stay here again, but with a "package" deal price.
3	Second time in 2011 to stay at this hotel for a conference.  Half the time the service is great and half it is disappointing.  This trip I found a rodent-chewed package of mayo on the buffet - the kitchen staff was shocked and apologized repeatedly. Dining staff were all very polite and helpful.  The housekeeping staff is a real disappointment - our conference rooms were not maintained well, the rooms were not thoroughly cleaned 2 days went by and used ice bucket never cleaned or replaced.  Closet doors left open, drawers open - just poor work. Saw one maid reading her Avon magazine in the morning - maybe more work and less shopping.  It's an okay stay.
3	Rooms were nice and the price was decent. I was not able use water park because it was cold that weekend. However my fridge didn't work, they don't really have any late night eateries here past 10 and parking was a mess. Also the internet is ridiculously expensive so,  even though it is a Hilton 3 stars is appropriate.
4	Stayed over New Years, and was blessed by above average temperatures.  I can see this as a family resort, not business or singles oriented, although I understand it has large meeting rooms.  The waterpark is fun, but I wish there was more supervision to help control unruly kids (and parents).  The miniature golf course is somewhat disappointing.  Several holes share greens, and it is a challenge to navigate the course if your have some mobility limitations.  We stayed in a casita, and were able to upgrade at the last minute to a king/two queen casita (there were 6 in our party).  Wow.  What a great accomodation!  Rooms were clean and service was timely.  Things were quiet, even over New Years.  It gave us enough room to spread out.  The kitchen was helpful with refrigerator and microwave.  The spa on site was nice, and room service was nice as well.  Overall, a great experience and we would return.
3	The front desk are very friendly, rooms are decent size for the price. It was clean, didn't stay at the hotel that long since we were exploring the city.
4	After reading a lot of negative reviews about the Pointe Hilton Squaw Peak Resort, I was worried about our upcoming reservation.  I am happy to say that my family and I had a WONDERFUL time at the resort.  The pool and lazy river was awesome.  We had accommodations, a two bedroom Casita that was worth every penny.  It is great to go on vacation and feel right at home.  The staff was excellent.  No complaints except for the weather, wish we had a little more sun for the kids.
5	We spent 4 nights here in Feb 2012.  The room was spacious and freshly re-decorated, the pools were super, and the service was simply outstanding.We stayed in one of the suites, which feature a living room, separate bedroom, and a small deck.  the toilet and shower/tub were in a separate room, with the sink & large vanity in its own alcove.  There was a bar area with a small powerful refrigerator that surprised us by keeping ice cream frozen overnight.Beds are very comfortable, and there are flat panel TVs in both the bedroom and living room.The people working there were uniformly cheerful, helpful, and friendly.  Everyone from the desk clerk to the pool staff to the waitresses - all of them bending over backwards to ensure we had a good time.  We'd be lounging around the pool or lingering over dessert and a manager would come up and ask us if we needed anything.And there are so many unique things at this hotel.  You can order a little tabletop campfire set-up to have s'mores for dessert at the hotel restaurant.  There are a couple semi-friendly cats roaming the resort, as well as numerous bird species.  The hotel has its own water park, featuring a long lazy river, water slide, and multiple pools.  One pool has a volleyball net and a basketball hoop, with free balls available for use.  There is also an 18-hole miniature golf course.
5	Beautiful facility.Clean, comfortable, well maintained.Suite rooms are very nice. Quiet. Beds are very comfortable.Both room areas (North and South wing) have their own pool/hot tub.Then there's the water park area with pool, lazy river, water slide, bar, patio lounge chairs, kids' activities. Very nice!We found service to be excellent.While we didn't order from the room service menu, I was surprised how reasonable it was.
4	This was a nice hotel, they upgraded us to a suite, but at the rate we paid I'd think they should...they did try to charge us $75.00 for our 2lb pet...no one mentioned the fee until we checked out and it was on our bill..They did remove it!  The staff was very friendly and went out of their way to be helpful. the controller of the place helped us with our luggage, showed us where to go and even rode the elevator with us.  Way above and beyond..very nice touch!
4	A great place for kids! We stayed in one of the suites, which are a bit farther from the water park area than the casitas, but on the other hand (both North and South areas) have their own pool w/ hot tub which are used late into the night (the water park closes at 8 pm). Sometimes people can be loud but since the bedrooms are away from the side facing the pool, you can't hear them when trying to sleep. The suite was clean and well cared for, slightly dated but very roomy. Beds were very comfortable. The housekeeping was hit or miss- sometimes they did a very good, thorough job, other days it seemed like all they did was replace some dirty towels. Probably depends on who is doing the cleaning. There is a frige and safe. The major complaint is obviously charging $9 a day for internet- outrageous! The tv didn't have the Disney channel which would have helped with our kids. Had lunch at the Hole in the Wall one day, which was reasonably priced and actually pretty good. Didn't try Rico's. Across the street is the Blue Saguaro cafe, which is a good place for breakfast and lunch, prices are amazingly low. In the same area is also Tutti Santa if you want Italian. The water park area is good especially for smaller kids since the main pool has a very shallow area- 2 ft to 3.5 ft and a waterfall. There is a deeper pool, a smallish hot tub (for 15 people), a kiddie pool (1 ft), and the lazy river. The lazy river wasn't that relaxing- it goes a bit slowly which I didn't mind but others do so there are always kids paddling and kicking their way through the thing pushing people to the side. All of the pools seem to be well maintained and clean. They do make sure those who enter the water park are staying at the resort by checking your room number and name and giving you one of those paper wrist bands. Didn't do the mini golf or tennis.Overall, it was a very comfortable, family friendly resort to relax.
3	Last week, my boyfriend and I decided to do an overnight staycation so that we could have a day of r and r. Unfortunately it is peak visiting season in Phoenix and all of our tried and true spa favorites were ASTRONOMICALLY priced! We pricelined a resort and received a one night stay at the Pointe Hilton for $100. We literally live down the street from the hotel so were excited to get "away" without really leaving. We arrived at the resort at around 7pm and were upgraded to a King Suite. Awesome. But when I got to our room, I was super confused. This was a suite?! Two tiny rooms were connected by an awkwardly placed bathroom (yes, the bathroom connected the rooms). The "living area" was sparsely decorated with a sofa (too uncomfortable to hang out on), mini-fridge, and flat-screen TV. The bedroom was SMALL. About two-three feet of space lined the king-size bed. We had to keep our suit case in the living room to avoid tripping. We had a small balcony that over-looked a parking lot, which we chose not to use.  The bathroom awkwardly split the room. It had an external sink and vanity area. The toilet and (tiny) tub were separate. The Peter Thomas Roth bath products made up for the less than stellar bathroom. We chose to have dinner at Rico's - even though, being native to the area, we knew that the experience would not be great. It wasn't. The restaurant was EMPTY on a Saturday night- lots of waiters standing around, yet somehow our service was very poor. The next morning, we took a walk around the grounds. It was too cold for the Lazy River and too windy for the mini-golf course or tennis. After our dinner experience from the night before, we were not too interested in eating at the hotel. We decided to end our stay-cation early and just head home. All in all - for a family, you can stay in decent rooms and have some fun stuff to do for a great price. For folks looking to have a full resort experience, look elsewhere.
5	This hotel was quite memorable despite the lack of time to create a memory. Stayed here on a recent trip and was surprised. The design is gorgeous Spanish-esque architecture with some xeriscaped plants. As for the rooms, they have the same layout approximately as that of an Embassy Suite and are...um, nice!The mini-waterpark was a blast (pardon my pun about fun in the sun), with a great slide and lazy river. Pools are there too - duh!I loved staying here, and I would gladly do so again.
2	I've stayed here before several times and to be honest, I do like the rooms. We stayed here for our "birthday weekend" since my husband and I were born a day apart on May 11th-13th. He called in for the reservation and was NEVER told that the whole water park was to be closed at 3pm on Saturday due to an event. Well, this seems really poor customer service to me. We stay there BECAUSE we want to float on the lazy river and  spend a day using the pools and the slide etc without getting ousted at 3pm. I appreciate that a hotel sometimes books rooms etc, but this seems like a key element to not mention to booking guests. At the very least, we should have been offered a discount, but we were given a decidedly "tough shit" attitude when we balked at check in when we were notified. We probably won't go again despite the fact that we try to do a staycation twice a year at one of the pointe's properties. Just on priniciple. Doesn't seem like a good way to treat paying guests. We have lot of options in Phoenix and alot of properties have lovely water parks. Just to be fair, the property does have generic pools withing their "Wings" but take all the people that would be in the water park and cram them into a small pool area meant mostly for adults that can't tolerate screaming kids and teenagers and what you get is.....not a very pleasant experience for a weekend getaway. I am very disappointed.
4	We stayed two nights in regular rooms and one night in a Casita. By far, the best way to stay at this hotel is to get a good deal on a Casita. Each has its own covered parking space and share a small pool and Jacuzzi with a couple other Casitas. They are very spacious downstairs with a living room, dining area, and kitchen. There is a large fridge and microwave. Just bring some plates and utensils.   A big draw for this hotel is the water park. And as many other reviewers have stated it can be extremely crowded--even during the off season because the hotel lowers rates considerably. The crowds can be discouraging because there will be no available lounge chairs. If it is a crowded Saturday, expect the atmosphere to be very rowdy with lots and lots of partying. Tips:  1) Get up early to get the cozy, padded lounge chairs on the Squaw Patio (ask the attendant to direct you). In fact, there is a private area nestled above that patio area that is even cooler.  You will be so glad you got up early!2) Spinato's Pizza is a great Chicago style pizza joint that delivers to the hotel.
3	I remember when this hotel opened back in the 1970's. As a frequent government business visitor to Phoenix, we were thrilled to have a new quality, affordable place to stay (plus it had free happy hours!). So there was some nostalgia with me staying here in July, for the first time in many years, maybe too much. The hotel is clean, but dated: paint is faded; except for the flat screens, the room furnishings are old-fashioned; and the landscaping is reminiscent of the 1980's. That said, the staff is very friendly and responsive; the grilled steaks at Hole in the Wall are delicious; the micro beer splits at Rico's are great; and the hotel is welcoming for kids and pets.
2	The suite was very nice.  Newly remodeled, clean and spacious.  The service was great.  The staff was kind and very helpful.  My main complaint was with the waterpark.  We arrived on a Saturday around 3pm.  The park was filthy!  The bathrooms were smelly and dirty.  The garbage cans were overflowing.  The pools were not clear.  It was overcrowded and very unpleasant. It was so bad we left and went to the pool near the room. That too was almost green and the water was hot.  There were kids running and screaming everywhere.When I complained the front desk staff said that was common for a Saturday in the summer.  The bell hop told us it would be much better on Sunday.He was right, the next day we had a much better experience although the waterpark still was not clean.  There were dirty bandaids on the walls of the lazy river, plastic cups in the water, food on the floors.  I expected much more.  The McDowell Mountain Aquatic Center has a much cleaner facility with similar features.There are too many resorts in this area for us to ever come back to Squaw Peak.  The pool at our Lifetime Fitness is much nicer than what this resort had to offer.
4	Okay this was a great family stay-cation, we booked a suite for us and the kiddo's for the weekend and it is plenty big for th 4 us. every thing is kept very clean and well maintained.Obvoiusly the reason to go is for the kids and the pool resort area, there is plenty to keep every one happy through out the course of the day. The kids loved it, we loved it, plenty of choices to eat around the area, and staff was great...The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because on the weekends it seemed like a frat house, everyone is yelling and screaming through out the night....I mean late and we shared a wall with some guests that had a dog and it just barked and barked to the point I had to call the front and they sent security over...Relaxtion you will get at the pool, but not much rest at night....but we will do it again, I will just make sure we don't share a room that booked a dog
5	O.K. my rating is strongly based on handicapped accessibly. My husband is a wheelchair user, we normally stay close to home for vacations because the word "accesible." varies so much.He uses a Hoyer Lift for transferring, this is the first hotel we have been to that I can get it under the bed to transfer him into his chair. I really had no issues with the room. Another thing I really appreciated was when we went to go visit my father, who was staying in on of the casitas, one of the maintenence crew went and MADE a ramp so my husband could get into the room.(This is a really big deal folks!)As for the pool area, it was great. Very refreshing for a hot day. Yes , crowded but it is Arizona in the summer, swimming is what you do. We were there for a family get together.Hole-in-the-Wall was fantastic! Great food. We WILL be back next year... Very satisfied customers.
4	Awesome, the only inconvenience is the wifi. You have to go to the lobby to get it for free!
4	LOVE this resort!!!Came here for an event we had for work and they were super accomodating.I honestly have NO complaints whatsoever...the rooms were extremely nice, the staff was beyond amazing.....these guys went above and beyond!I see alotta bad reviews from people complaining about staff and such and noticed most of those reviews were written between june and august...maybe it gets super crowded over the summer?So maybe go in September? I don't know....we had a blast.I'm not a fan of the desert though, but the 102 degree weather certainly helped me work on my tan by the pool.The only reason i'm knocking off a star is cuz of Rico's...the horrible restaurant they have like 50 feet away from the rooms...just don't go there. I almost yelled at the servers...i don't even want to review them cuz i'll get mad all over again.Howeverrrrr....resort was awesome, so give it a shot if u ever end up in arizona!
5	Stayed here with my wife when business brought me to Phoenix and had a great time. Our room was a nice suite a la the Embassy Suites brand and the price was reasonable. The casitas are much bigger and also a good deal, price-wise. We just didn't need that much space. We enjoyed the lazy river, the water slide, the wading pool with a waterfall, and the hot tub. It's great in the summertime as well as the shoulder seasons.Note that this hotel is very kids-oriented. At peak times there can be crowds of boisterous adolescents in the pool areas, many of them with no adult supervision. The hotel is also "pet friendly", a plus for some and a minus for others.
5	5 stars for the staff... Lazy River...eh...just so so (short)... Rooms are really ugly , nothing goes together, way to much going on...not relaxing at all. The lobby was beautifully done, nothing like the rest of this southwest 1980's Hotel.
3	The pros: my room was great. Huge and clean and quiet. Great views and private. Very reasonably priced. The cons: After my second night (out of three) my room didn't get cleaned despite the fact I was out from 7:00am-4:00pm. And I tipped the housekeeper after my first night. The onsite restaurants leave much to be desired. You basically have your choice between bar food and BBQ and not before 7am or after 10pm. The hotel is kind of in the middle of nowhere so if you are without a car as I was, you are stuck and very limited with your options. A cab ride to anywhere is about $20.
2	I remember this place back in the 90's as being beautiful, a great place to stay.  Not anymore!  This is not a great place to relax after a long day at Spring Training games.  It is a very family oriented place, if you're looking for a nice resort feel and a place to relax in the sun, you might think twice about Squaw Peak.  I will say that the staff was very friendly, they can't help it if this place is old and tired.  It needs a makeover bad!
4	PROS:  The water park was great, the restaurants on the property are very nice and convenient and the staff is incredibly helpful and nice.   Another perk was that there are several pools on the property so it is fun to try them all out.  CONS: My only complaint is that we reserved a Casita and thought it was going to have a kitchenette.  All it actually had was a tiny bar sink, a fridge, and a microwave.  There are no units that provide an actual ability to cook.
2	Surly check-in staff informed us our room wasn't ready at 4:25 for 4:00 pm scheduled check in. Since when is check in 4pm? The overworked & undocumented maid staff have a sprawling complex to service, with not a single service elevator I can see, so expect to share the lift with a maintenance cart and a pleasant Spanish-speaking woman who smiles through her misery (at least they aren't surly) - if you want directions anywhere, consider it a good time to practice your Spanish. When I drove up, the bellman watched me unload my car & only jumped into action when my wife started to grab a luggage trolley.We tried to make reservations at Rico's in the complex, only to be told that it wasn't busy at the time we planned. When we got there, we were told the five (out of easily a dozen) tables they had were being serviced by two wait-staff, so maybe they'd have one cleared in 15 mins. or so. They have lots of pools, one per complex, usually busy but not overcrowded. The water park, with the lazy river is another story, but then if you have kids, and get there EARLY enough to towel-claim your lounge chairs, things are good.We ate at the pool resort restaurant where my wife and I asked for a table for four. One woman was waiting with a forlorn expression while our hostess mumbled something and disappeared. My wife took the initiative, and four menus, and we sat ourselves in a section with an older waitress. Unfortunately the waiter for our table turned out to be a nice kid, who served us paid no attention to the fact that there was only silverware for one at the table, had no notepad and took our orders, which resulted in his coming back twice to repeat or clarify our order, and ultimately got two things wrong. We had to ask for water a couple times (in the Arizona heat, you have to ask? really?)We decided to drive off-campus for the rest of our meals, and after crappy WiFi (included in the "resort fee") we cut our stay short. By the way, the WiFi appears as a charge on your bill but is taken off at checkout - yeah, right, only if you complain about seeing it on your bill and wait on the phone with someone who sounds confused for 15 minutes.Hilton + Resort = excellent service? That used to be the assumption, but no longer. Resort? Only as a last one.The solution? Hey HIlton TRAIN YOUR EMPLOYEES! Its customer service 101 where everything falls apart. It could have been a good time, but they dropped the ball early on, and fumbled every step thereafter.I'M MARKING "NO WiFi" BECAUSE, IT DOESN'T WORK. NOT IN YOUR ROOM, AND MAYBE ONLY ONE OR TWO PLACES IN THE COMPLEX. However, they do have ethernet cables in the rooms (can't attest to their functionality).
5	Ok so my lovely wife and I had four days off and decided to have a nice stay-cation here. We had our reception here a month ago and absolutely love the place. The people are wonderful, the pool is clean and the food is good. They even sent us champagne and strawberries, upgraded our accommodations to a casita and well, I'd definitely recommend this place! Big shout out to Jane Vuckovich in catering and events as she made our reception beyond amazing and this visit too. I can't wait to go there again for another stay-cation!
3	Great family place...miniature golf, lazy river, pools.  Plenty to do to keep everyone busy.  Rooms are updated and modern.  Exterior areas are somewhat dated.  Housekeeping carts were in exterior corridors most of the day, felt that I was running into them all the time.  Location is not in the best area of town
1	Pictures definitely don't accurately represent the resort.   Its dated, in need of maintenance, and pretty much as far from "luxury" as you can get.    Its basically a semi-glorified Motel 6 with a decent pool.    If you're looking for a place for the kids to splash around for the day OR on spring break this may work for you but beyond that  MOVE ON!!We had two rooms and they both had a musty smell and had old crappy balconies - nothing like the one in the picture.   The building paint is chipping, the fountains are non-working/broken and in desperate need of repair. The pool area is so overcrowded its next to impossible to get a lounge away from the two billion screaming kids in the pool.     The kids area (the only place left by noon)  has the old style pool lounges that are sun bleached and worn out with the old rubber strapping.  We had the party gang on the second floor across the way that had 12-15 people sharing 2 rooms.   They kept the door open for the ongoing celebration between the rooms - all of them trashed and obnoxiously loud.  We called security twice before they did anything and the front desk girl was a total B*TCH when I called back the second time.   I hate this place.   I will never go back and can't wait to get this experience out of my memory.
3	My husband and I stayed here last weekend for a little stay-cation and we really enjoyed it. The Pointe Hilton Squaw Peak is not as luxurious as the other Pointe Hilton (Tapatio Cliffs) or some of the resorts in Paradise Valley and Scottsdale but it is very nice and really comfortable and family friendly. They have a huge pool area they call River Ranch which includes a water slide, lazy river, and kiddie pool so that is great for the kiddos but since I don't have children it's not necessarily a plus in my book. They did have a couple of other smaller pools in other parts of the property but these seemed to be consistently full of screaming kids as well. On the plus side, they do each have a bar poolside and one also had a swim up bar. The prices on drinks seemed reasonable (for a resort). They also have a couple of restaurants onsite (see separate review for Hole in the Wall) and the gift shop in the main pool area (they called Rodeo Drive which is cute) was nice and filled with all the sundries you need for a day at the pool plus some tourist items that seemed to be pretty reasonably priced... cheaper than similar stuff in Old Town Scottsdale, anyway. I was a little disappointed in their Old West Town advertised on their website. It was just a particle board facade. I guess its good to stand in front of and take a couple funny pictures but there wasn't much else to do there. It was a little weird that they seem to have a cowboy/wild west theme running thru most of the property with wagon wheels, rope, and native desert vegetation on display but then in the River Ranch area they had a ton of palm trees and seemed to be trying to make it tropical looking.The rooms were pretty nice even though they were a little worn. Ours was the base room but it still had a separate bedroom and living area (with pull-out couch) and pocket doors that you could use to separate the two. The two areas were not huge but its nice to have that separation. I have heard that the casitas are much more spacious. The decor in our room was neutral with a hint of southwest but as I mentioned the room was dated... little things like popcorn ceilings show its age. The toiletries and linens were average quality. The bed was pretty comfortable and they did provide feather pillows which is a must for me. One negative was that you could really hear a lot of noise from the pool area thru the front door as well as car engines thru the back sliding door since the balcony was overlooking the parking lot. Things seemed to quiet down pretty early so it wasn't really a problem. Just be aware the setup is more like a motel than a hotel or resort so you have that exposure to the outside elements.I didn't really interact with the staff much since we had such a short stay but the check in and check out process was easy peasy. I would definitely recommend this place for families but I can't really say "I'm a fan" since its just not really the best set up for dinks like us.
4	We didn't stay here but we used the pool. They have a waterslide, lazy river and several pools. It would be a great place to have a staycation. Especially in this AZ sun.
4	I just attended for the Yelp event and I hope I can come back and check more of it out! I liked the lazy river and the slide. I hope they can do more work to spruce it up a bit because parts look run down with weeds at times but it is a cool place to hang out. As a parent I would like to see more lifeguards as well but as an adult it was okay and I would go back!
5	I was here yesterday for the Yelp Pool party event. What a wonderful experience!! Thanks Lindsey for arranging this! My guest and I I ran into friends who had prime seats near to the water slide pool (and Yelp check-in table). The lazy river will certainly have us coming back for more! Suggestions: 1. Clean (bus) the tables around the pools more often. I didn't see anyone pick up even one cup or dish all day. 2. Have a healthier, less fried food (bar) menu by the pool. I had a veggie cup, which was fine, but I didn't see anything else healthy on the menu. 3. Also, offer half portions on the adult menu for just a quick bite to eat without wasted leftovers.A special thank you to manager Juan Ascencio for his assistance. I know I'll be back! We've already made arrangements to return on June 9. Lazy River here we come.
4	I  attended a yelp event at the pool here recently. Great pool. Nice cocktails and bar area. The lazy river was perfect for cooling off on a hot summer day. I will be back this summer!
5	I discovered this gem when I was there for the Yelp Summer Splash event and what a great place to have discovered.  The hotel is nice and clean and a LAZY RIVER.  Need I say more?  I'm in love.
4	I have never spent the night at this hotel, but I have been to their restaurant and used the lazy river numerous times. I love the lazy river.  You get to float around in yellow tubes and chat with whatever company you keep. Sometimes you make new friends. Sometimes you come away wondering why other people even came to the pool. I say this because some people don't understand that it is a "lazy" river. You are supposed to move at a slow pace so you can relax and enjoy the sun/water. Unfortunately, a lot of young kids race through the river or drunken adults cause a raucous. I've been the victim of having a tube thrown at me, smacked in the back, and other atrocities just because I was near a group of drunks. When you are on the lazy river, there really isn't a quick escape - you've got to wait until you are near an exit point. I wish there were more regulations on the pool/lazy river, but you can't make everyone happy. Overall, my few bad experiences haven't stopped me from coming back.
1	I hope this resort is better than their sister property.  I am staying at the Tapatio Cliffs Resort right now and my car was spray painted last night. All the windows and profanity on the back. After talking with several people, a manager, security, etc., the only thing I was told (in paraphrase) was 'we can't do anything, but an insurance claim has been made', and that these things happen.. Not anything to compensate, to make me feel secure that this won't happen again, nothing. I am being treated like some idiot who is paying money to be here for several days and that's it. If you want to make sure you are secure and want a staff that works hard to make sure you are satisfied, I suggest not staying here. They are horrible and have done absolutely nothing. This is not the Hilton brand standard and I am appalled as a paying customer I am being treated this way. DO NOT STAY HERE.
1	I stay in Hilton's enough to be a Diamond member by June and let me tell you, this hotel and it's staff was absolutely below expectations. First off, they have two buildings. If you are placed in The North Building, the rooms are disgustingly dirty, there are cigarette butts pretty much everywhere, and there are literally NO employees to be found for assistance. The pool was overrun by people who where there to drink and swear.To top it off, the front desk staff is hands down the rudest group of individuals. Here you have an opportunity to establish first a first impression, and they fall flat on their face by exhibiting a "who cares" mentality. This entire hotel is a complete disaster, and if you have a family, I would recommend anywhere else but this place. Also, we came back to our room from swimming to find a worker in the bathroom. He said someone called the front desk about a slow drain.  We never called them, and the drain worked fine. It just added to the overall F grade visit.
4	Spent a week at this resort,.  Staff was amazing... Very helpful and friendly.  Recommend you stay in the Casitas.  The water park was great for the kids... Mom and dad too.David, the Chief Concierge was absolutely amazing. Employees like David is the reason I am a Hilton fan!
4	This is definitely one of the better resort pools if you're trying to find somewhere to cool off with your kids. We came here recently for the Yelp pool party and have since returned twice to relax and cool down. Our kids have had a blast each time! They especially loved the lazy river and the waterfalls. They also liked the zero entry pool (where it slopes down from the deck level to the bottom, like a beach). My youngest enjoyed the fact that she could just walk into the water and be at a comfortable depth. The fact that this pool seems to attract the kid crowd is nice for people that don't want a meat market atmosphere, too. There were a couple of hoochies and meat-heads walking around, but they really looked out-of-place. "Go back to your Scottsdale pools and let us swim with our kids!" I agree with some of the other reviewers that they could pick up the trash more frequently, especially on the lazy river. There were cups and cans on either side along the entire length of the river. If they just put some short trash cans every few hundred feet then people would probably utilize them to throw their garbage in. There seems to be enough employees wandering around that they could keep the place tidy. But that's a small complaint. As for the food, we ate at Slim Picken's bar right next to the pool. The menu items didn't seem outrageously priced, and they had drink specials that seemed to be a pretty good deal. We ordered the nachos, which were decent. For $7 there were a fair amount of chips, cheese, onions, olives and jalapenos. We also ordered the pizza , which was way overpriced. It was $8, tiny and tasted like a cheap Tombstone pizza. We barely ordered in time, too, as they shut down the bar kitchen at 6:00 pm. It seems a little strange, because the pool is open until 8:00 pm on the weekdays. Some people might want to stay at the pool until it closes and eat dinner pool-side. But, again, these are minor complaints. Overall, it's a fun resort pool and your kids will be absolutely worn out by the end of the day.
3	Thanks to Bryan for helping us use our passes to the water park from Yelp's Splash and Dash.  Seems no one knew anything about the passes that were handed out!!! Love that play park especially the lazy river on weekdays!!!!!!!
3	I stayed here recently for a weekend work conference. As a conference location this place was great; nicely-appointed, clean rooms, large meeting areas, quality in-house catering. As an actual "resort", I've seen better. The staff was all very friendly and helpful, and it was nice that they had an on-site spa/gym and River Ranch to get in lots of water activities, but it otherwise just felt like a nicer hotel rather than a "resort". As other reviewers have mentioned, some things about this place can be a little mediocre. It is probably hit-or-miss on your experience depending on the demographics of the guests at any given time. Pool regulations did not really seem to be enforced here, so I can understand how it could easily become noisy and/or dirty. Out of the on-site restaurants, Rico's Grill was good but the other places were blah and boring. We got a great room rate for our conference, but I don't think I would have paid more than $120 a night to stay here otherwise as I would rather just stay at a nicer hotel if I'm not truly going to have a secluded, quiet resort experience.
5	Love this resort. Awesome pools with a lazy river. Great service and very nice rooms.
2	The lobby is gorgeous and well appointed.  Waited a few minutes to check in but the clerk was pleasant and informative.  Got to my room and the disappointments began.  The room is very dated.  It is large with a sitting room and the bedroom.  Traveling alone and they gave me 2 queens.  Towels frayed.  No microwave in the room, just a fridge.  Coffee pot only made 1/2 a cup.  Alarm didn't work the next morning. Internet comes on and goes off, comes on and goes off. You get the idea. Elevator doesn't work glad I'm on the second floor.  Phone doesn't work for local calls despite paying the fee.  I wrote more but as I was writing this the Internet went out again....So I'm done. Oh my did it again why trying to post this.So in the 3 minutes it took me to type this I had to log in 3 times.
3	07/07/13Took family to Hole-in-the-Wall River Ranch and used a complimentary day pass good for four people, or for an individual four times (valued at $120).  Glad I had one, since a day pass for ONE child (there were age restrictions, and I only looked at the one relevant to the ages of my niece and nephew, they're 11 and 12) was around $45!  It was Sunday, and one following the Fourth of July, so as you may imagine, it was a zoo here!  We managed to find a shaded area with five lounge beds, and settled down.The main pool, with volleyball net on one end, and waterfall on the other end, was very nice.  If it wasn't so crowded that day, I wouldn't mind making the trip once a month, maybe even once a week.  (I like to shower soon after a dip in chlorinated pools, and lugging around beach stuff for five people for only a few hours at the pool is a bit too much, especially when it's over a 100 degrees outside!)  We brought towels to use, but we didn't need them, since RR provides towels.  A friend told me that there were shower stalls that had an all-in-one shampoo/body gel dispenser, but I brought bath essentials anyway, and I'm glad I did, for the two dispensers were empty at around 330p-- there are only two shower stalls inside the women's locker room, with more than ample room to rest your clean clothing and other essentials across from them, and around four or five toilet stalls.  Bring beach/swim footgear, since the concrete flooring surrounding the pools (there is another pool adjacent to a lazy river at a higher elevation close to the main pool, and a mini-golf course, too!) became very hot to walk on without them, and the floor inside the locker room had puddles and became black from all the dirt tracked in by guests.  Plus, you don't want to run the risk of catching athlete's foot using public restrooms while barefoot!!I'd love to go back, and enjoy water massages standing under the waterfall!
2	We went here for a staycation for my son's birthday, thinking our 3 boys would have a blast.  The hotel and water park were just "ok".  I really was not impressed.  The waterpark wasn't as big as I thought it would be.  There was no water pressure in the lazy river so you had to paddle the whole time.  People kept getting stuck on the water slide.  There were no life guards around.  The worst part were the ants.  All inside and around the coffee maker.  Our fridge also didn't work.  They replaced the fridge and coffee maker and had someone come spray for bugs.  They did not even offer to move us to a different room or anything.  The next morning when we went to make coffee in the new pot, again it was crawling with ants.  I ended up getting a voucher for coffee in the gift shop, but only after having to ask because they never offered.  We will not be staying there again.
1	I chose to spend my 30th birthday there with some friends. When I called to see if I could check in early I was told twice that I couldn't and would need to at my scheduled check in time at 4. I got there at 4 and was told my room still wasn't ready, the guy at the front told me they hoped before 6 but couldn't gurantee but to leave my phone number (which they already had from my reservation) and they would call. The 6 of my friends and I instead of meeting in a room, met in the parking lot to figure out a plan. Everything in the coolers in my car and my friends cars melted. We went to the overly crowded pools where there were kids everywhere and the only staff I really saw were the ones taking food/drink orders. I was never called to be let known my room was ready and when I finally went to the lobby I found out they had the wrong phone #. The man at the front quickly gave $100 credit to some steak house, but that didn't make up for the experience. The rooms aren't really updated and too close together to where I was woken up by children crying in the room next door. When I think of a resort whether there is water park or not (AZ Grand has one and it was so calm and peaceful) I think of relaxation. My experience was one of chaos and I will not return.
3	Overall an Ok stay. Pros: kid friendly lazy pool & slideDecent sized rooms, with fridge & couchCons:Pool had way to much clorine, it actually changed my suite from navy blue..to purpleOut dated furniture.For the price point, there are a few other choice hotels, that are nicer.This hotel might be worth it if you have kids, and are going to use the pool alot.
1	Buyer beware! My boyfriend, our two children, and I were supposed to stay in the two story casita for a staycation before school starts again. My opinion was soured right away when we went to check-in at 4pm, an hour past the usual 3pm check-in time at most hotels. The man at check in informed us that the room was not ready yet. I asked him if he could give me a ballpark time of how long the wait would be. He seemed bothered to find out, but called housekeeping and simply told me "soon". AN HOUR LATER we finally got keys to the casita. Scattered about the grounds was random trash, wrappers, and cigarette butts. Then we went in side. Let me just start by saying that casita was described on the website as "Spanish-Mediterranean" decor. Ha! The decor was better described as "ghetto" in my opinion. The first thing my boyfriend noticed was that the refridgerator was being held up by a block of wood. We thought this was strange, until we actually tried opening it and it wobbled. A lot. The refridgerator wasn't a big deal to me; we were there to spend time as a family and use the multiple pools anyway. But then I sat on the couch and the cushions were very wet. And stained. As were the drapes. And the fraying chairs sitting at the breakfast bar (crusty white stains specifically). And if the wet, stained chairs weren't enough, there were flys EVERYWHERE. Not exactly welcome house guests. The carpet however, was the worst. There were multiple spots with tacky black stains that were literally stuck to the floor. The trash can in the kitchen didn't even have a trash liner already in it; instead the bag was draped across the top. My boyfriend and our girls suggested we use the pool, most likely because they could see the steam coming out of my ears. I layed out in one of the many lounge chairs while the rest of the brood tried out the lazy river. I was unable to relax however due to the many wasps that were buzzing around me. Now maybe I expected too much, but I thought at one point a staff member might come over and ask me if I wanted a drink. Of course this never happened. Not that I didn't see any staff; there was a young man sitting on a lounge chair texting on his cellphone, and two others chatting about the plans they had tonight once they got off of work. At this point my boyfriend joined me and said that the lazy river was lame because you had to paddle yourself along. If I remember correctly, a lazy river doesn't require you to do anything. At this point I decided that there was no way we were paying $179 a night (not including resort fees) to stay there and I called the front desk to speak to a manager. The manager, Shawn, asked if we wanted to move to another casita. No. He then told me that he could refund us the full amount and we could check out right away (the only good aspect of the entire debacle). Of this I was grateful, trust me. However, he didn't even ask why our experience was so bad that we wanted to leave. In fact, I asked him if I could tell him what was wrong! And once I told him my laundry list of disappointments, he simply said, "I'm sorry we didn't exceed your expectations." I don't expect any business to exceed my expectations, but I do expect businesses to meet them. Pointe Hilton Squaw Peak did not even come close.
1	Shame on you Hilton! Old property, outdated dirty rooms, unkept grounds,  ignorant rude staff and   water park draws the wrong element (police on property every night to remove drunken guests) Look elsewhere.
3	Rooms are very reasonable. But one thing I do not like is where the fridge is placed. I don't believe that a fridge should have black substances within the fridge. The water park is subpar. But if you want to just get wet I recommend that you go to the regular pool inside. There's was a weird odor due to the carpet within the room. But the smell can be reasonable if you bring a odor remover. I suggest to go to the nearest bed bath and beyond to get as much scented candles you can buy. But other than those issues it's good place for a 2 night stay, but only if you plan on not being in it all day. I was lucky enough to spend most of the time at the Grand Canyon. My family and I will be back.... 2 years later.
1	I changed hotel because they have the special promotion "Shop & Stay Package" you get $50 amex card for every night paid. After check in, I asked the guy about the $50 amex, he told he has no ideal what i was talking about. I told him the deal I saw online and I changed hotel just for that. He said he never heard of it, funny, it's on their website http://www.squawpeakhilton.com/phoenix-resort-deals.  After I told him that he called another clerk over & the Clerk because I booked with AAA discount I can't get the deal. What the Hell? Where it said that on the website? False advisement.   I told him again I changed Hotel because of the deal, then ya'll know what he asked me? He asked if I want to cancel the reservation & go back to my previous hotel? OMG, WTF!! I have my mom, my niece, & my nephew, it was so hot, 3 digit hot, I don't want to drive back to the other hotel. OMG. The hotel is old, lots of rooms, and walk way was dark. They have 7 pools. I swim in 3, 2 was very dirty, specially their lazy pool. I will never never come back to this hotel. I got a better dear at the Red Lion.Stayed August 2013, traveled with family
1	cockroaches in every room! need i say more?
5	Love the hotel, love the pools, love the bar!
4	This is probably one of the best resorts to bring kids. It is kid friendly with a lot for them to do. Yet, it is still very enjoyable for adults too! This was our 3rd time back and we always have a lovely time. We will keep coming!
4	Came for a week for Fall Break from school in Colorado (October). Staff super nice and courteous. We were upgraded to a casita, because of rewards points. Great for our family of 5, super close to pool and clean.  Not a posh. Resort but not. What we needed with kids 12, 11 and 9. Not crowded at pool. Although the casita could totally have a kitchenette it does not, just has small wet bar sink, fridge (small) and microwave. So we brought our toaster oven, paper plates and utensils, just so we didn't have to eat out 3x per day for a week.  It met our needs perfectly, we had a car so we could go find other fun things to do around Phoenix otherwise it may have gotten a little boring for a whole week.Agree with other reviewers pool is a pool with slow slow slow lazy river and slide.....not a waterpark and there are no lifeguards.  My kids didn't complain and they have been to some super fun waterpark resorts. They just had to adjust their expectation and made fun with what they had. I did not see ants.
5	I've read some negative reviews about this hotel and have to admit it made me nervous. From the second I arrived at the hotel the staff have been exceptional. The casita that we are staying in is far beyond what we had expected for the money. We had a fantastic dinner and drinks in the restaurant and enjoyed a soak in the hot tub in peace and quiet. There are many pools to choose from, its easy to fund one thats suits your mood. The resort is top caliber as far as I can see. Day 1 and I cannot find anything to complain about. I travel a lot and this has ranked as one of the best accommodations so far . If it stays likes this for the next 4 days, we will come back every year. Very pleased. Special thanks to the front desk manager and concierge. They are great!
1	Disgusting.  All of the print ads this "resort" has is totally misleading and false advertising. We went on 4th of July weekend. The place was packed and gross. The grounds weren't kept up. Our room had roaches. The pool area was ICK! The place is extremely dated. Needs rehab.The food at their on site restaurants is sub standard at best. Frozen food thats cooked. Tasteless. Service was blah at best. The Hilton name would be ashamed if they knew how this dump was being run. Shame on management.
1	The service staff at this hotel was extremely rude and offensive. I would recommend that they have a reality / attitude adjustment. I'm sure this is not a everyday thing but it did happen to me and I was quite offended by how they treated me as a customer.
4	We had a great time at this resort over the long weekend.  The staff was super friendly, especially Adam, David and Cassie.  Great job!!!  And our suite was perfect to accommodate three women with lots of bags, make-up and shoes.  The Hole in the Wall restaurant had a really good breakfast, friendly staff and an outdoors patio.  Not so for the Rico Restaurant.  They were a bit rude, overwhelmed and obviously didn't want our business.  We also floated down the Lazy River, it was definitely Lazy...pretty slow but perfect temp.  All in all, I'll be back.
2	I spent 3 nights there. No free Wi-Fi? Seriously? 10 bucks a day for internet? It's 2014. Food is mediocre at best. It's a long way from anything, cab rides to downtown ran 35-40 bucks. It's a huge complex and takes quite a bit of time to get around. On the positive side, staff were all quite friendly and the rooms are very well laid out. Overall just a meh.
2	I would really love to be able to give more stars, but I just can't.  My boyfriend and I live in Scottsdale and went to this Hilton for a Valentine's staycation this past weekend.  He is a Hilton Honors member and has a lot of points, so we stay in Hiltons pretty regularly. This was definitely the most disappointing that I can remember.  The service was AWFUL!  The day we arrived, we went to the pool around 3 or 4 pm to just sit around and have some drinks.  I think our server came to us twice in an hour, and he forgot our drinks once.  This was even after the pool had started to clear out significantly.  Also, we ordered food, and he never took our dirty plates away.  The next morning, I called to order room service breakfast at 9:45.  I tried 3 or 4 times, and no one answered.  So, I called the front desk, and they put me in touch with room service.  Instead of apologizing and taking my order, the woman asked if she could call me back!  What?!?!  After 15 minutes of her not calling me back, I then called the concierge.  I apologized and told him I knew it wasn't his job, but could he please help me order room service.  When I finally talked to the woman in room service again, she told me she'd been trying to call and there was a do not disturb on the phone...BS.  I know that's not true because the concierge had to call our phone to put us in touch with her!  Then, once I'd ordered, I was told it would be 25 minutes...it was an hour.  So, the grand total of time spent between my first call to order breakfast and when it arrived was an hour and a half.  Not once did anyone offer to comp anything.  We did not go to the pool that day, so we didn't have to worry about service there.  Later in the day, though, my bf called for a wake up call and was on hold for 5-10 minutes.  He finally hung up.  That night, we actually had great service at the bar, and we were thrilled by that.  The next day, we went back to the pool.  Our first server was fantastic and attentive, but then, his shift ended, and we had the same guy from our first day.  Once again, he was awful.  I just don't understand how someone who works for tips could be so inattentive!  Aside from the service, this place is ok, but definitely not up to my local standards.  The grounds are nothing special, and we were stuck by a parking lot.  I think this would be a fun place for kids b/c they have a lot of kids' activities, but that's the only redeeming quality I see.  The two stars I'm giving are for our bartender Sarah, and our good poolside server Stephen.  I don't think we will be back.  We did, however, end up spending the next night at the Hilton Tapatio Cliffs, and it was worlds better in every sense!  It's only 3.5 miles away, so go there instead of Squaw Peak!
3	I stayed here for several nights due to a business trip for meetings at the resort. So my review will be based on as a business traveler not a vacationer....Though I doubt I would ever want to vacation here for the mere fact this resort lacks a "WOW" factor. So first off the check in process was very easy and simple, so far to a good start. I then proceeded to my room and I think my room was a basic suite,  with a living area and bedroom.  Overall okay, but nothing amazing, it actually felt like I walked into a cheap apartment.  The one saving grace is the beds were very comfortable, and I actually slept great while I was here. Which is something that I can't always say when traveling. Another plus is the wifi at this resort worked great too.  The housekeeping staff was excellent and did a great job cleaning and tidying up my room. I thought the meetings rooms were nice, and they offered several different sizes depending on your needs.  Overall a pretty nice place to conduct business.  The hotel provided us food for lunch and dinner; which was very good, and overall the staff was more than helpful.  The hotel does have its own security and they are always roaming the resort and every time I would walk by one of them I was always greeted with a smile. My only complaint is the grounds on this resort are very difficult to navigate through. If I were management I would try to fix this, it was a main complaint of my colleagues as well.  Overall not a bad stay, and I wouldn't mind coming back here for a business trip.
4	Resort is nicely located by the Mountain Preserve. Service by Matthew Bailey, the front office manager, was outstanding.
2	Today's check out for our romantic weekend getaway.  Staff were all very friendly and professional, the grounds are beautiful, and the pools are awesome.  The rooms on the other hand are a completely other story.  Our first room, a casita suite, smelled like a chemical spill.  We immediately opened the bathroom window (which had no screen and opens onto the neighbors balcony) and door to air it out.  We were also NOT pleased with how small the room was.  I called the front desk to see about upgrading and was told that they were completely booked out.  We waited a few more minutes before calling back to inquire about a room change, the smell was just not going away.  The front desk was very prompt to move us & sent someone to take us to the next casita suite. This one smelled a little better, we think it may be their cleaning solution.  While unpacking we noticed our neighbors with access the private balcony outside our bathroom window had arrived, with baby & toddler.  I closed our window for privacy and shut the shade.  Minutes later we heard them... All the cries and toddler jumps, these walls are PAPER THIN.  Our neighbors tried to keep the kids quite but babies cry at 5am that's just how it is. We decided to get out of the room for some dinner, walked over to Rico's American Grill (on site).  The service was great the food was beyond awful.  Everything including the salad was drowned in oil.  On our second day we stuck to The Hole in The Wall (also on site) again the service was great, breakfast was very good, dinner however was not as awesome.  Stick with the BBQ I ordered the Salmon sadly it was drowned in overly sweet blueberry syrup, my husbands ribs were great though.  They offered to replace my dish but I really hate waiting for replacement food so I declined.  We really enjoyed the pools, lazy river & mini golf.  This is definitely a family friendly place (kids everywhere) so I don't recommend it for a romantic get away but it would be good with friends & family.Stars based on room, needs updating, cost does not match with quality.
4	My husband and I escaped Chicago for 3 nights in early March. We wanted a nice pool to soak up some sun after a horrible winter. The hotel itself is not brand new but clean and comfortable. The hotel staff made up for any lack of elegance, although the restaurants are inconsistent and service could be much improved. POOLS, plural! Compared to other area hotels with nice pools, this was half the price during their busiest time of year: spring break and baseball spring training. Photos of the hotel are a bit deceiving as the main pool is smallish, off the main lobby, but has lovely gardens and a bar nearby. (Note: Cabana bar had short hours, closed early and we saw staff only come out to pool area one afternoon during our visit). The pretty pool in the pictures is across the parking lot (close by) and very kid-oriented but both had hot tubs, nearby restaurants for drinks & snacks, and were part of the same hotel so both areas can be used by guests. My 2 favorite things about this hotel: LOCATION - near Dreamy Draw Recreation area and CONCIERGE services. CONCIERGE: David helped make the most of our time in Phoenix. He arranged a rental car, delivered to the hotel, for 1/3 the cost of cars at the airport. He handed us the keys and printed directions and we were off to Taliesen (recommend). With  few vacation days, this made a big difference and saved time, hassle and money. He also gave us maps for nearby TRAILS (see below), reco's for dinner at nearby Aunt Chiladas mexican place (EXCELLENT) and other tips to help us get around. DREAMY DRAW REC AREA: What a lovely way to start (or end) a day! We enjoyed the walk and seeing lots of birds on the way to the the bike path that goes safely under SR51 to the rec area, where people can hike, bike or walk on a bunch of connected trails in the various foothills. We had a map from the hotel and there were also markers and signs in the rec area so no worry about getting lost. This was a perfect place to stretch our legs, enjoy the scenery and soak up some sun! Overall, it's a good deal for a hotel with a full list of amenities: pools, nearby trails, restaurants and concierge services to help guests easily enjoy their stay.
1	Don't let the photos on the website fool you!!!!!  The hotel is very old and in need of major renovation - I am talking close down for a year kind of renovation.  The rooms felt dirty and smelled old and musty.  Anytime we called for something, even just to pick up extra trash or get a blanket, it would take so long, close to an hour.The pool area is fun for kids, but also old and looks better in the photos on the website.  I do not recommend the pool unless you are going just for your kids.You can get food/drinks by the pool, but the service is AWFUL & SLOW and the bartender was a miserable person with zero personality.  We asked him what he recommended and he said "I dont know, I drink beer".  Seriously?  I would not return and do not recommend this hotel unless there is a full make-over and a over-haul of the staff.
1	LESS THAN ZERO!!!!---Moldy AC---Yelling drunks till midnight -- good luck sleeping before then --Trashy. --Cloudy debris riddled pools. --College dorm level noise. --Online pics 10-15 years old. Totally different in real life. --White-trashy.  Seriously. --Thjs would make Conrad Hilton roll over in his grave. --Low class. Very. --Good reviews were lies. Don't believe them. Seem to be planted. This place was/is disgusting. --Toilet clogged when we arrived -- already clogged. Maintenance guy seemed like he unclogged toilets all day. --Poor repair. Shabby hotel!!!!!!!--I just can't believe this is a Hilton.  --Never staying at a Hilton again!!!!!----I HATE THIS PLACE. STILL TRYING TO GET TO SLEEP IN THIS DIVOTED AND HORRIBLE BED. --Tyrone Biggums would honeymoon here.
3	Took the family here for a couple night seeking some sunshine and warm temperature.  For the price..it's just OK and next time would go elsewhere.  Considering the Ritz is within $50 per night think there are better options.Pro's:-enough activity to entertain the kids (9 &12) with multiple pools, lazy river, mini golf, -good location, especially if you are heading on to Grand Canyon-resort fee is reasonable considering the long list of activities you get-overall cleanliness of hotelCon's:-front desk staff was rough-hotel overall is dated and needs a remodel-plenty of staff around and on duty...if  you want a service you need to ask (i.e. drinks at the pool).  Usually get better service at Hampton Inn's at half the room rate.-crowded
1	I don't think our kids notice the age of the hotel or the cramped environment around the pool, but I do. Having stayed at Holiday Inn Vacations Orange Lake Resort in Orlando this Hilton Point Phoenix property is disappointing. The water was murky and the lazy river had people drinking excessively floating around. Not the best environment if you have kids. If you are looking for a drinking party environment and murky water, this could be the place for you. Plenty of security in the parking lot, but no life guards anywhere. Mini golf was run down. Tennis courts and basketball looked fine. Restaurant by the pool had okay food. Nothing worth recommending. Again, kids seemed to like burgers.
2	Good service but we had dirty sheets caked on with something gross!! 13$ for rubber chicken fingers and too many crying babies around would not recommend. Security was checking everyone's bags before you go to the pool which was annoying
5	This was a great hotel that we went for a mini staycation.  To be fair to other yelpers, we stayed the night of our wedding, so a lot of our services were fantastic because we were newlyweds.  We were upgraded from a standard suite to an ambassador suite, which I think is pretty similar in amenities but comes with a huge conference table.  The hotel itself is not brand new, but clean and comfortable.  The grounds are large and parking is easy.  The most unique part of this hotel is that every room is charged a resort fee of $18 a day which I imagine would go far with families.  This fee includes high-speed Internet (which we didn't use, so I can't comment on how "high-speed" it is), use of the Tocasierra Fitness Centre (also didn't use on our short stay), tennis court use, one round of mini golf and admittance into River Ranch for up to four people.  We took advantage of spending the morning at River Ranch and enjoyed our experience.  We played a round of mini golf and while the layouts are cute and Western, there is definitely better mini golf elsewhere.  There were only two rocks that mark the starting spot, not the usual tee-off area where there are three divots.  They also only give you scorecards if you ask for it -- we didn't play with one so we didn't know what the par was for each hole.  Afterward we spent some time on the Lazy River which was relaxing.  It wasn't full at all when we went so it might have moved a little slower than usual.  River Ranch has a TON of different pools and LOTS of beach chairs to lie out comfortably -- I could spend the whole day there with a book.  Definitely family oriented -- there were obviously kids running around everywhere and the Sunday activities included things like scavenger hunts.
2	The pictures on the website are deceiving. The drive to the hotel was not scenic. In fact, i was starting to doubt my choice in hotels before we even arrived given the appearance of the surrounding area.  The property is in need of updates for sure.  It's definitely showing its age. The pool near the lobby appeared small and cramped.  We checked in and checked out before even seeing our room.  That being said, the front desk staff was pleasant and Im sure the rooms were decent enough just not up to our standards (i could be considered slightly high maintenance).  We immediately checked into the Farimont Scottsdale Princess and were very happy.  I think Scottsdale is more my speed.
3	Hotel was just ok. Pictures on website were deceiving per some others feedback. My son and I had some skin rash / reaction from rubbing up against the couch in the suite. It showed up almost instantly so I know it was the couch and not something else. Pool/lazy river looked great online but was just ehh in person. Watered down drinks, $6.50 bottles of beer, over chlorinated water, again, just ok. Other than that, no major issues, just not worth the money. For this price, I'll take the family over to Firesky in Scottsdale.
2	Underwhelming service, and sub-par facilities.
2	I recommend avoiding this place.  My wife and I took our honeymoon there and the resort wasn't what we expect from Hilton, and wasn't worth the $2000 we spent.  I'm frustrated that this memorable time was memorable for the wrong reasons outside of our room.Cons:The pools aren't as nice as pictured.The minigolf is embarassingly shabby.The place has a general look and feeling that it is decaying.The bar service at the pool was expensive and abysmal.The pools are small, and the lazy river barely moves.A security guard searched my bag for a sandwich that I was hoping to eat for lunch.  I understand not allowing in outside alcohol, but banning 5 ounces turkey after spending $1000 just to stay there is kind of offensive.8 am lawnmowing, and unasked for 6:45 wake up calls each morning (which eventually just became funny).Too far away from any other interesting spots in Phoenix.A lot of people walk around, but very few are actually doing anything.Pros:The saving grace of this place was the concierge, Dave - who was genuinely interested in helping us whenever possible.  A great employee and guy.Excellent fitness center.Great room cleaning.Very good food - Hole in the Wall and Rico's are very good.
3	The rooms at this property are amazing, very clean with newer furnishings, 2 flat screen tv's, couch, desk, 2 rooms, it is a suite really. The water park and pools (which all serve alcohol) unfortunately seem to attract a different type of crowd than I usually vacation with. It's the drunk, loud, rowdy, scantily clad, frat party type of crowd all over the place. No one really patrols the park or the pools so people were brining in their own food and alcohol by the case and trashing the place. Really gross and annoying. Yes that's bad guest behavior, but the hotel could do a little better patrolling of it. The water park was absolutely disgusting by closing time. Perhaps the hotel could consider one family friendly alcohol-free pool for those of us who do not need to be drunk to spend time with our kids. The water park was also insanely crowded, because with no one guarding the door anyone could walk right in. The bellman told me it gets crowded with "guests of guests" during the day. Although the official policy seemed to be that this is for hotel guests only. That was a bummer, its not big enough for all those extra people. Also if your room is near the pool, they are open until 11pm - drunk loud people and all. Avoid rooms near the pool. The resort is very clean and nice, but it is not in the best neighborhood, and there is nothing around it, so you are really stuck there unless you want to drive quite a distance away. The dining options are decent, but could be better quality for the price. Kid's meals are very over priced for what you get. I had some issues with check-in and with my stay, but the manager I spoke to upon returning home was very receptive to the problems and resolved them to my satisfaction. Unless you are the partying type, I would suggest avoiding holidays and busy weekends to enjoy a more family-friendly atmosphere here.
2	Some things are fun yes, but it is packed with whining drunks by 12pm. And it's waaaaay overpriced. Cleanliness and quality was that of a motel 6. Save your money.
5	Our stay was excellent!! Stayed with my husband, minus the kiddos. The resort was def crawling with kids which didn't matter to us as our group was just as noisy lol. Sarah at the front was amazing!! Security was very friendly when asking us to keep it down! Our stay was awesome; will bring the kids next time!
4	Spoiled by a friend I was treated to a lazy day at the River Ranch Water Park. (If you're looking for the pools, slide and tubing area the name is important to note. The hotel is *huge*!)Lounge chairs abound and towels are included. Bars are sprinkled throughout that offer food as well. My only gripe (and this isn't actually a "real" issue) is purchasing drinks prior to the lazy river. There's a tempting bar *right* before you grab a tube. However, non-guests must pay with cash or a card. (None of us were carrying payment options on our suits. Drat!)Bring regular clothing if mini golf is up your alley. As we floated by on tubes that looked like fun! Flip flops can readily be stored in open cubes before grabbing a tube.This is a family friendly pool experience. (At least during the day.) Kids are excited to share the experience with adults. You'll look ridiculous wearing heels with a bikini girls. Kids will be eager to speed through the lazy river. (I waived them off with "There's Traffic. No we can't move. There isn't any room. Your only option is to swim under us." Yes, there is a special place in hell for me.)On the way out I noticed an adorable restaurant "Hole in the Wall" overlooking the river. The menu offered many more options than the pool. All reasonably priced. I heard there were two additional dining options.The summer pricing for rooms is wonderful. I peaked online after visiting. Rates started at $99 in June. Neat!
4	Stayed here 3 weeks ago for nieces graduation with entire family 15 people,  3 rooms. Had a great time with their pool and onsite activities. Mini golf, basketball tennis and a good number of smaller pools that are right outside each set of rooms.
2	It is what it is. If you are on a budget and looking for a get away, it's an ok place for a "staycation". If you see the name Hilton, and think you'll be staying at more than a mid-level hotel, you'll be disappointed. The lazy river/pool was kind of crowded, and not very clean or updated. To be fair, it wasn't terrible but not that appealing. Unless you hit the lazy river on a very slow day, anticipate and unrelaxing float. I have kids, love kids, but don't enjoy getting smacked into every 30 seconds. Kind of harshes the mellow.The "Hole in the Wall" restaurant was pretty terrible, ordered five meals and should have sent three back, but only one was completely inedible... That was the "chicken tenders". The fowl chosen for these tenders must have lived in the desert and had limited access to water and moisturizer. The macaroni & cheese floated in a half inch of butter/oil. In hindsight, I should have mashed the chicken & Mac together to equalize the moisture disparity.The rooms were better than a motel but not by a whole bunch.Our first room smell like a cucumber melon plug-in blew up, and the room we were moved to had a broken fridge and a loud a/c. Everything else worked and the bed was pretty comfortable, so all in all, not that bad, but again, "Hilton"?Since I'm a bit of a hotel snob, I likely won't be back.
5	This is the second summer in a row my family has stayed at this resort.  We had a perfect experience both times.  The room was spacious and clean.  Even though our room was right by one of the pools and parking lot, it was not noisy at all.  The waterpark is a blast.  Our kids, ages 4 and 7, loved it.  They have a huge main pool, with a very shallow end for little swimmers, volleyball in the middle, and two awesome waterfalls at the other end.  The lazy river was lots of fun, as was the slide, which is pretty fast!  They also have another pool in the area, miniature golf, and a kiddie pool.  There is a bar where you can order drinks/lunch/dinner/ice cream, and servers are all around if you want to order.  TONS of seating throughout the entire waterpark, and lots of shade umbrellas.  The pools were all very clean and clear! There is also a neat gift shop that sells gifts and treats.  You can also buy tubes or beach balls and swim toys if you forgot yours.  We spent most of our time at the waterpark.  We did order room service for dinner once, and it was quick and very good!  Beds are super comfy!  I guess we are not picky people, and I am surprised at some of the reviews.  Such as too many leaves in the river.  Well, it is covered by tons of trees in some areas, so there is bound to be leaves in it until they make their way to the skimmers.  When we were there, the the pools were very clean.  We saw the occasional drink bottles tossed in random places, but there was hotel staff EVERYWHERE, and it didn't stay there for long.  As for complaints of noisy kids at the park, not sure if they thought kids wouldn't be there, but yeah, there are  families and kids and babies.  We did not find anyone overly loud or crazy, but guess it depends on who is there with you.  And as for the resort being old, yeah, it's older, but still in great shape!  All in all we had a great time and cannot wait to go back!
3	David is quite possibly the worst customer service agent. He's very much a no person with an amazingly bland personality. We had to request a manager to get us our room and when we did request a manager David threw a fit. In my opinion he should not be checking people into their rooms. Not a great first impression when your your spending over 300 dollars a night. Besides that, this place is amazing and beautifully upgraded. Everyone else seems to be quite happy to help and accommodate your needs.
3	My stay here was decent! Went here for a staycation and loved their pool an lazy river area even though it was really small. The two bartenders at the pool were truly great and very knowledgable! The lazy river was amazing and relaxing! Overall the staff was really kind!The rooms were nice and spacious. My only complaint for me and my friends is that the beds and pillows were super uncomfortable! I had so much trouble getting to bed even after a long day at the pool.
5	My family of six decided to stay at this hotel while checking out the area for a possible relocation to this city. OUTSTANDING from the moment we arrived. Check-in: Met by the bellman, Michael, he was informative and helpful. We were concerned our room would not be ready as we arrived at 9am from our drive from norther California, not so. We checked in quite early and were given a great room overlooking the pool. Room: Upon settling in there was a problem which I notified the hotel staff immediately. The problem was taken care of within minutes with a couple of things added to our stay free of charge for our inconvenience. Staff were genuinely apologetic and interested in the quality of our stay, with the property director mentioning our problem during a staff huddle the next day.Pool: The pool is very children friendly and appeared immaculate. I am not a microbiologist so I can not confirm the cleanliness/integrity of the pool water, but, it was not murky and other guests appeared to be emerging from the water in one piece. Staff consist of younger people and were in their best customer service mode. Food: Because I am a veteran we were offered the breakfast buffet at the on-site restaurant, Rico's. I believe we paid an additional fraction within the total bill and included all off us except for my one son, whom is age 9 (5 and younger eat free). The food was excellent as well as the variety. Grace, our hostess was a fantastic waitress and was able to share in a chuckle or two with us during our two visits here. Checkout: I agree with a number of the previous reviews in that I was not aware, or could not remember, the additional $18.00 per day added to the bill. Referred to as the "Resort Charge", it includes all things my family and I did not take part in (spa, gym, mini golf, etc). When I inquired into this charge it was removed after I referenced our previous experience with the room problem above.In summary this hotel establishment was a great fit for my family of six and I. We not only had a great time, we felt safe, appreciated, and did not have to tap into our employee match 401k programs to fund our vacation. Enjoy!
4	My sister in law booked a room for a 4th of July weekend with the kids. This place is very family friendly if you have kidos. The pools are awesome to cool off and include a lazy river, basket ball hoop and volleyball net in pool. My sister in law rented a casita and each set of casitas has it's own pool and jacuzzi for late night swimming if you fancy it. My nephews are totally into basketball right now so we really appreciated the full court they have in the back. At night they have a nice size projector at the pool. It's always nice to be able to sit outside and watch a movie with the family. The casita we stayed in was nice. Big beds and pull out couches with nice bathrooms. The only bummer is that there was no stove in our casita. God bless George Foreman grills!
3	Decent place to hang out. The rooms are...aight, for the price you pay. The hotel has a sweet lazy river that I'm sure is the main reason people from out of town come here to stay. There are also plenty of great places to eat that are really close like Tutti Santi, Moto Sushi, etc. Unlike most places in the area there aren't too many yuppie scum running around, but you will overhear someone complain about something ridiculous if you listen long enough. Like any hotel/resort you should expect to pay about 10 bucks for a drink. That's just the way it is. I'd definitely recommend the buttes in Tempe if you're really looking for a "stay-cation" type place, but if you have a groupon or something for this one, things could be worse.
5	Yes the place is a little outdated, but the interior of the rooms is not. The lady and I booked a room for a Sunday night to enjoy a little staycation. The lady at the front upgraded us to a suite (really wish we got her name!). The room was really nice and one of the pools was right outside our room. The waterpark area was really awesome with the lazy river and slide. The best part? All the pools serve beer! Definiely recommend to anyone whether it be a staycation or youre from out of town. Very kid friendly.
5	I had to solve the problem of where to host my daughter's high school graduation party last May.  My house is too small to comfortably host the whole family for a party, and I definitely didn't want to clean it up so that I wouldn't feel like all my dirt was on display for the family either. (I've done that before and a pre-party cleaning frenzy is just too much stress for me.  I demand a spotless house when I know company is coming.)  My solution?  I scheduled the party for a Sunday afternoon and I rented a one bedroom (2 queen bed) casita at the Pointe Hilton for Saturday and Sunday night!My husband, my two littlest kids and I checked in on Saturday to a beautifully clean and spacious casita with a full living room, dining area, half bath and a mini-kitchen downstairs and a bedroom, bathroom and patio upstairs.  The casita came with a covered carport too.  Now all we had to do was throw up some decorations, pick up the cake from Costco and catered party trays the next morning from the deli and relax.  Done and Done.  We spent Saturday just relaxing and swimming with our littlest kids.  Come Sunday we grabbed the food, tidied up our bedroom area and waited for the guests.The party was a HUGE success and my daughter was able to spend the day visiting with her guests and they all got to go enjoy the water park attached to the resort.  The guests spent the day lounging around the casita, hanging out on the casita patio (seats 6 or more) and swimming. That evening I let my daughter stay the last night in the casita while my husband and I took our little kids home.  It was one of my best parties ever and I am so grateful to the Pointe Hilton for making it possible with such a beautiful and user friendly casita, and convenient (and fun) amenities like the water park and resort pools.
3	This is a fun hotel but it shows it's age. The rooms feel worn as does the paint and the rest of the property. The pool areas have tiles falling off the walls and cracks everywhere. It has been like this for years so I am surprised they have not put money into fixing it up. It's not that it's a bad place, it's just that it could be better. The lazy river and the pools are fantastic though! It is so relaxing on the river to just lay there in an inner tube and watch the world go by. The food at the restaurant by the pool, called Slim Pickens, is very poor. Go off property to eat. They could definitely improve this. The food tasted as if it had been under heat lamps for a while, and the fries were old. I asked them for new fries and they told me they would be glad to replace them as the fries do get mushy sitting out. If they were sitting out, why did they serve them? Why does the guest have to ask for good quality? This is a good place to take the kids, but not a good place if you're looking for a high quality experience.
2	Nice looking resort on the outside lots to do outside. Great water slide kid friendly not overly expensive. Aged interior rooms. Lockout rooms are small quarters. Was a one night stay so I got by if I was going to stay I would recommend a suite. Nice gym spa.
4	I stay at this hotel for business when I'm in Phoenix.  Its clean, and the property is nice.  The staff is very friendly and helpful.  It would be nice if the quick breakfast options in the Starbucks lobby were a little more varied.  The grounds are fun to explore.   The water park is a lot of fun, but the mini golf course was disappointing.  I will definitely be staying here in the future.
5	My friend rented a Casita for her daughters birthday party. We were greeted by all of the staff when we walked inside. Manny the bellman, helped us move everything into the casita. He was very professional and helpful!! Hilton squaw peak is beautiful! !
1	Staycations on the Labor Day weekend have been a tradition in my family for the past 6 years.  The most recent stay was selected by an 8 year old and based off the photos of the swimming pools in comparison to the other resorts in the Valley - Pointe Hilton at Squaw Peak won.  I am told that this resort is one of the cheaper ones in the Valley and more family oriented.  So I kept that in mind as I walked around the unimpressive grounds to get to my hotel room.   It's obvious to see the similarities between the Pointe Squaw Peak and the Arizona Grand which was originally the Pointe South Mountain.  I think that location has been kept up better than Squaw Peak.  There's nothing worth mentioning about the hotel room except that the bathroom was small and dated. The reason for the trip revolved around the pools though.  The River Ranch has a lazy river that's incredibly narrow.  In some areas two inner tubes could not pass side by side, it hard to keep from playing footsies with strangers.  Since I was there on a holiday weekend the pool staff asked hotel guests to exit the lazy river once they reached the entrance again.  Laziness was kept to a minimum.  The swimming pools at the River Ranch were long and narrow.  One pool had a water fall but it looked cloudy as fug, I didn't go in there once.  The other pool at the River Ranch has a basket ball hoop and volleyball net.  There are two other pools outside of the River Ranch, both have bars but there are no swim up bars on the property, I checked.  My mom knows that I Yelp and she wanted me to mention that Justin, a server at the pool was rude to her and that there are no cabanas for rent.  Another reason for the low stars would be the culture that the hotel offers.  The lack of trust between the hotel and guest is so off putting that it became an annoyance.  There's a large presence of security on the grounds and they stand post in different areas.  In order to get a towel at the pool, guests have to fill out their name, room number, signature and number of towels and then be assigned a number to be written on your wrist band.  If you do not bring back your towels, you will be charged $25 per towel.  So at the end of the day, I had to carry 8 wet towels all the way to the entrance of the waterpark and wait in line to return it, so much for the resort life.  If you want to play with a ball, you have to deposit your ID.  If you want to run a tab, you need a credit card.  I wouldn't get served without an ID.  Who brings their wallet down to the hotel pool?  During my stay, I met one person who lost their ID and two people who lost their credit cards at the pool.  I blame the hotel, how is someone supposed to keep their ID and credit cards secure while swimming?  Then the more days I stayed there, it became obvious that the hotel needs these rules in effect because the quality of guests it attracts require a lot of rules to keep them in line.  It was like a prison, gaurds vs inmates.  Adults that don't know how to behave in public (screaming at and bullying kids, behaving drunk, wearing jean shorts at swimsuits) seem to frequent this resort hence the heavy security and signs that need to remind people to not put chairs in the pool.The Pointe Squaw Peak has to be the saddest property in the Hilton's range of resorts.  The only way I'd ever come back is if Hilton did a total renovation and got rid of the dated apartment complex look.  It's a beautiful location but an ugly resort.
4	I loved this place. the accommodation was very nice, the room was big and has it's own living room and balcony. staff are very considerate the the fact that I accidentally purchased the wifi which is free. I talked to the front desk and he immediately took care of it and refund my money. plus, they have an amazing attractions like the lazy river, golf, water slide, pool and a jacuzzi. there's also a restaurant inside where you can chill during the night. price is fair. i had what I expected for a leisure.:)
2	Girlfriend and I decided to enjoy a staycation by the pool with some recent time-off.  Chose the resort on a whim based on a mental image of drinking cocktails while floating down a lazy river... should have done some research prior to booking.Hotel grounds are dated and reminded me a of a 1980s apt community.  None of the pool side bars were open.. may have just been an off day.  Sauna/steam room out of order, not to mention the elevator to our floor during part of the stay.I will say the water park area was respectable, I could see the appeal for families.Like I said, should have done my research...  not a good fit for what I was looking for but might fit a niche for some people.
2	*bed bugs* Stayed here for a conference this week. The place is big and they seem to have nice pools and lounge areas, however, our room smelled bad... Like musty and also like smoke. I really was unhappy with the smell. My girlfriends and I stayed in two separate rooms. After the first night one of my gf's woke up with 6-7 bites and was left uncomfortable and itching the entire trip. The second night of our stay ( i was staying in a different room) I was also bit! I went to sleep fine and woke up with two bites on my ankles. Just a side note, we never had the doors open and we were in two separate rooms.  We both sleep with the blankets covering us as well so I have determined that this is most likely a bed bug issue. My last night I was bit again twice and now I'm home and happy to be here. I am frustrated though that I am itching like crazy, just felt dirty yuck! I gave two stars because the facility is nice, but I don't think getting bit is acceptable.
4	Booked this hotel as a getaway for hubby and I. We picked it because my husband is fond of the water and the pools looked great. After reading some yelp reviews we were a bit skeptical that it may be rundown. I'm so thankful we went ahead with our plans! The property was great, the pools and waterslide awesome! Only thing that knocked off one star was the service in the restaurants was extremely slow. We had to go find a server to take our order one night. Other than that, it was clean, serene setting with nice little courtyards with fountains and separate pools away from the main one if you wanted a more quiet environment away from all the kids. Great place that we would go back to!
4	Stayed there for a night for work.  The room was beautiful, the employees were very nice and helpful.  It is definitely a family destination because I saw kids running everywhere.  If I had to go there again, I would go there with my family not by myself.
5	I was blown away by the staff here. Super nice and they go out of their way to help. Billy, a technician at the hotel was so kind and really helpful.  5 stars for him!
4	Went here for a conference last week, such a relaxing place to stay! The service from the staff was wonderful, food was great, rooms were beautiful, couldn't ask for better!
1	My girl friends and I (4 of us) decided to book a trip to Phoenix/Scottsdale for a 4th of July/Best Friend's Birthday Bash.We found the Hilton Squaw Peak, and the "Casita" (this is a very loosely used term, we later found out) and thought, WINNER! We booked it to be arriving on the 4th of July, and heading home on the 6th. Due to the fact that there were 4 of us, I specifically asked for the 2 QUEEN Casita, with MUCH larger balcony-No problem!-Booked it. We arrived quite early, as we were really excited to get there, checked in at the front desk, and provided them with my phone number to call me when my room was ready. You are able to use the pool area prior to check in, which is awesome. What is not so awesome is the "RESORT POOLS" are open to the public, like a water park! Now, I am sorry, but when I pay extra to stay at a "4 Star Resort" I expect some sort of exclusivity, and with it being the 4th, the place was NUTS! Oh well, we went on our way from the River Ranch, to check out one of the two "Swim-up Bars"....Oh goodness. I cannot even begin to tell you what they consider a "Swim-up Bar" is an absolute joke. You wade around in the deep end (no stools), hoping the inside bartender, in the inside bar, sees you waiving your hands and comes out to get your order... No, this is not a "swim-up bar". Huge disappointment, this was a pretty large factor when we picked the resort. But oh well we thought, it at least wasn't as busy as River Ranch.Around 4 pm I receive the call to come and get the room key, WAHOO! We are beyond excited. We check in with no issues, check in staff was friendly, get back in the car and head to our "Casita". Our "Casita Parking Spot" was taken, nothing they can do-too bad, you pay more for the convenience, and "poof" it's gone. I was told that unfortunately (when I called the front desk) not everyone is as courteous a driver as I am, with major sarcasm. The "Security Guard" arrived and posted a "please move" notice on the other car. Oh well, we thought, we will snag the spot when the (probably not resort guest) leaves. Head to the door, the key wouldn't work. I called BACK to the front desk, and they stated they had written down the wrong room number, again, no biggie.We head upstairs to check out the loft, bedroom. One king bed. Not two queens, one.king. At this point I am starting to get really irritated. I call, for my 3rd time mind you, BACK to the front desk and advise them of the mistake. I spoke with Jonathon Hite, whom he checked the system and stated, yes-I had booked 2 queens, verified this 2 times, with TWO SUPERVISORS, but unfortunately they cannot move me to another room with 2 queens and "kick someone else out of their room".... Umm am I the only one here, who realizes, I WAS KICKED OUT of MY Room!? I ask to speak to one of the 2 supervisors I had verified this with.... Get this... No manager or supervisor would be working, the ENTIRE Holiday Weekend! Can you believe it? A 4 star resort with NO Managers or Supervisors on the 4th of July Weekend? Ya, me neither. At this point I am almost in tears I am so frustrated. I thank him, for absolutely nothing, and hang up. After closer inspection of the room, it was noted that there were ants, everywhere, in the kitchen. Guess we won't be leaving any food open, lol. I call back, advise the first person to answer, tell them there are ants, they'll take care of it. Obviously after we left, because no one ever showed. The BED was comfy, the pull out bed was like sleeping on straight bed frame. The pillows are so "feathered" they provide absolutely no support. Our balcony had a HORRIBLE lean to it, it was actually kind of freaky. Overall the hotel room was just dark, felt old, and not at all what I expected. This resort is 100% Smoke Free-however you are allowed to smoke "E-CIGS". So me and my girls brought a couple with us, and used them at the pool while we drank. It was on our second day, we were at the pool, with the "swim-up bar" and a bar crew member comes up to me and my friend, and advises us a guest is complain that we're smoking the E-CIGS. I tell the young bartender, that they are allowed, and the guest can complain all they want. What he should have done is informed the guest that they're allowed. I don't like being told that I can't do something, that is obviously OK. He told a second gentleman a few chairs down from us the same thing, that didn't go over nearly as well. The kid was basically told to shove it, felt kind of bad for him, but hey, think before you speak! We ate at Rico's on Saturday night, they had live music, which was great. The food was fantastic, we all enjoyed ourselves, and our drinks ;).I can honestly say we had a great time, we made the best of it. But I have had better customer service at a Days Inn off of I10. I will NEVER go back to this resort, and would never, ever recommend it. It is a waste of money. Go some where else!
1	Do not read any other reviews.. If you want a less than quality place at a high price you got it. Want rude staff and no room service, this is your place.. Or take a minute and walk into on coming traffic and you would have aa better time
5	Love squaw peak, 4 star rooms with a 5 star experience! good for a staycation, they'll bring you drinks while you float the lazy river. Plenty to keep the kids entertained as well.
