4	This is a great hotel. It just opened last week and fantastic. The staff is very friendly and they even sent a town car to pick us up at the airport. It is fair price and very convenient to the airport!
5	I've stayed in a few Aloft Hotels and I love love love them. They are clean, comfortable and the staff is so incredibly friendly. This particular visit, my flight arrived at midnight and when I called to ask for a pickup, the loveliest young woman came to collect me within minutes and couldn't have been nicer. Such a warm welcome after a long, icky plane ride!I'm a big fan of their design and decor, and a HUGE fan of their lobby bar and the yummy cocktails they offer there. If you're hungry, they have healthy, tasty and affordable snacks and pre-made meals available, too. They get bonus points for having complimentary copies of WIRED and SPIN magazine in each room!Their gym is great - wonderful equipment, and very clean. They have an outdoor pool, which we didn't use, but I would have loved to take a dip if we'd had more time.This isn't a luxury hotel by any means, but they have everything you need and the price was totally affordable. If you need a place to stay near Sky Harbor Airport, this is a great option.
3	Stayed there for a conference at ASU. It's very easy to get to from the airport (just take the bus to the light rail station and it's right across the street). And since the light rail station is right outside, it's really easy to get around town without a rental car. The atmosphere is very modern and bright. There's a bar in the lobby, plus a place to buy things you might have forgotten to bring and food and snacks. I needed a sewing kit and to grab lunch there one day, so it was very convenient. The rooms are a little smaller than I'm used to, but very well laid out so that it doesn't feel small. Big King size beds and a big flat screen tv on the wall. The shower is great, and has one of the large showerheads that points straight down. Very trendy and fun decor all around. I didn't get a chance to go in the pool, but it looked great with little cabanas, tables, and chairs all around it.
3	This is a cute baby "W" but still has some growing up to do. I love the interior design and the convenience of the snack bar, plus that you can park (for free) right in front of the hotel entrance and skip a few hops to your room. Don't you hate those ginormous hotels where you have to hike a mile to your room and pay an exorbitant about of money to park overnight? The annoying bits were the loud-ass AC and the very scratchy, obviously poly-blend sheets. I did not sleep well. None the less, it was a great bargain at just under a 100 bucks a night so I'm complaining too, too much.
1	If you stay here, be warned!  I just checked my AMEX statement and noticed that this placed charged me TWICE!  I purchased my stay through Travelocity (as I often do for my travels) and the front desk clerk even acknowledged that, but STILL... double the charge!  This has never happened to me with Travelocity so I can only believe the mistake was on the hotel end.  I called several times to try and resolve this with Susan in billing but she was not very responsive.  It was after several attempts and contacting the general manager Patty that I got a "promise that a credit will be issued."  I keep calling AMEX to check and still NOTHING....... I stayed in March and it is June now... WTF?!  *****************DO NOT USE THIS PLACE**************** SHADY TO THE MAX!
4	Didn't have any complaints really. Nice, hip place to stay. Bar food was bleh.  Hotel staff friendly.
4	Very friendly service with just right amenities for the business traveler. It has some nice added features like a big pool and health club as well as a well stocked bar and pool table. It's convenient to the airport though there's not much else in the immediate area.
4	Headline: Convenient with most of the amenities you want and a hip bar downstairs.This hotel is close to the airport (and has a shuttle), plus near the light rail (right outside) making it ideal for the business traveller.  It has a "hip" bar - I personally don't go in for that stuff - it gets nosiy on some nights.  It also has one of the best work-out rooms in the business.  For those that have not stayed in an ALoft before, it's part of the Starwood Preferred Guest (Sheraton and Westin) and caters to a younger crowd.Now, let's break it down:1) Work Area - this is what I am talking about.  A nice comfortable chair.  The desk is a little high (cramping my typing style), and a full AV unit, allowing me to play my iPad throuhg the TV if I want.  Two well-spaced power sockets on the AV unit, plus a powered USB (in case you forgot your charger).   This is probably one of the best tech areas in the business.2)  Bathroom - almost there.  It's got a nice big shower, but the water pressure is a little weak, but the shower head is a "rain" type, so it works.  The "bliss" line amenities are nice.  However, lose some points for the lack of anything remotely resembling a cup.  I do like to clean my teeth, ya know!   Just add a glass and you've got a good bathroom experience.  3) The bed is comfortable, and I like the overstuffed duvet on the bed.  However, there aren't enough pillows for my liking.  4) Breakfast - a half-hearted attempt that feels like they are only doing breakfast because it's expected.  Go elsewhere for breakfast when you stay here.  (SPG gold/platinum members do get a free coffee drink from their automated barrista machine, and coffee is free).5) Overall feel - I like this hotel.  The staff are friendly, and the work-out room is awesome.  They also have a pool, a comfortable bar / lounge (with board games scattered around - a nice touch), and it's convenient to the airport.  Win overall.  I'm giving this another star for feel.One of these days, I'll find the perfect business hotel.  Until then, this is one of the better places to stay.
5	I love this hotel. I can't say enough good things about it and the people who work there. I was traveling out there on a fairly regular basis for awhile and always stayed at this hotel, and never once did i have a problem. After my 3rd stay the staff remembered me as if they saw me everyday and were always incredibly accommodating. My flight got cancelled due to weather conditions once and they let me stay another day and even gave me half off to try to make me feel better. And it did.I didnt spend much time in the bar/lounge area but everytime i walked through it seemed pretty lively. A few time they even had live music and i was bummed that i couldnt stay and join in on the fun. I wish they had an aloft near where i lived because i  just might be tempted to book a couple staycations every now and again, thats how much i like the place.
5	Aloft is it!  I love the new hotel smell and the staff here is nice, friendly and not uptight like you do in other chains.  great bed, great shower, great TV!  There is also a nice outdoor pool and an outdoor lounge area with a fireplace and that is awesome!
5	W has done it again. The Aloft chain is just what you would expect from them just slightly simplified. The room was ultra clean, bed was great and the eclectic style throughout was well done. I would and will do it over again.
3	Great location near airport.  VERY nice fitness center facilities.  Very friendly staff, and clean room and facilities.  These negatives are not a huge deal, but... the room space seems small, the eco-friendly shower head has disappointing water pressure, no room service (but there is a nice cafe area and bar in the lobby), no iPod dock, and an air conditioning unit that is either freezing or sweating.  Overall, I'd stay here again if I needed to, but I'd be wishing for a few upgrades on these items.
4	Aloft: "hellllllllllllooo... checking in?"Me: "Hi... yep.... "Aloft: Smiling still "awesomeness. Id and stuff"Me: Smiling back with a question mark facial "ahhmm.. okay..."Checking - confirming -Aloft: ".... awesomeness, dude.... here's a toothpaste"Me: Checking my breathAloft is a hippish-yet-not-quite-a-W place.. rooms are clean, but euro-cute (small)... XYZ-bartender was boring with no personality - thank Gods for libations.... cute.. I'd stay there again.
4	This was a perfect way to catch an early plane...super close to the airport.The main level lobby was very open, stylish and hip. Bright colors. This runs through the entire hotel. It's part of the W Hotel family, but more budget friendly gearing towards the airport traveler. The room was functional and well designed to maximize the space. There is desk space, a chaise under the flat screen TV and a comfy, white linen dressed king size bed. This was super comfortable for my short stay. The bathroom is sleek and modern decked out with Bliss Spa body products. I like that everything is clean and new - at least that is the perception. I was only here for a short time, but it looks like there are more amenities like a pool and fitness center.
5	I stayed here last night and have to say how pleasant experience I had. The staff was quite helpful and the rooms are perfect.
4	I stayed here one night and I enjoyed it. I was able to get a late check-out, which is awesome!!! The front desk staff was nice, used my name wen speaking with me. The room was nice and clean with a nice flat screen tv. The bar area is very open and modern. Pool table in the lobby is a nice touch. You feel like you can have fun there right when you walk in the door. I would definatley go back next year.
5	What a hip hotel!! From the outside even, with the yellow and blue light strips on the side of the building, this place looks like a nightclub! The lobby is very modern, but not stark. Plenty of pattern and furniture- it was cozy and comfortable. The bar area is really cool, too! Even getting into the elevator is an experience with the neon purple glow.The rooms are small, but the space is maximized so well that you don't ever feel cramped! The shower/bathroom area is really cool!! There is a frosted window in the shower so that natural light from the bedroom area shone in. I liked the shower head. There are two dispensers on the wall with a body wash and a 2-in-1 shampoo and conditioner, but there were also small bottled shampoo and conditioner, as well as an adorable soap(see my picture!) on the counter. The design is very unique- the connecting door in my room had a decal on it to look like a school locker and above the bed was a graphic piece that looked like a record player.A few of my favorite things:Super Convenient to the airport!Free bottled water in the room!Awesome gym!Amazing-smelling Bliss toiletries!Very nice desk agent at check in!
4	Nice location, beds were comfy and staff was accommodating. Definitely recommend for the price.
3	Ok..so I don't get the raving reviews for this place. The front host man who greeted me during check-in was a bit cold..and the neon lights are reminiscent of a tacky disco..plus the blacklight in the elevator makes me feel like I'm walking into a horror movie.The room is about 290sq ft..simple. Bed, desk, shower. The toiletries (aka shampoo and conditioner) is the kind that are attached to the shower wall and you have to pump it out..so you can't take them with you) There is no closet space to speak of..and I found my iron/ironing board crammed into a little cubbie on the side of my bedframe. hm. I love SPG hotels, but this new line (or maybe this hotel) seems to have missed the ball a little bit on the "urban living" theme they were going for.No in-room dining, no breakfast, pool is outdoors..I don't knowww...
4	Was in Phoenix for business and had to check out this starwood property.I've stayed at W's before so I wanted to compare.The goods:Starwood property!Close to airportGreat priceCool room - very hip compared to most anything else you're going to stay in..  Not quite a W but not your typically Sheraton either.  Friendly staffHad this really cool video input box on the desk connected to the TV.  Allowed me to plug my laptop video into the box and have it come up on the TV.  Was able to stream netflix easily to the TV.They have a barEasy parking close to the doorLocation drive-able to restaurantsPool QuiteThe not so goodsBed and pillows kinda like a futon.  No formal restaurant.  Funky frozen dinner/entries offering is more funky than useful to me and I travel a lot.They do have a delivery menu from some local restaurants (A-Loft note:  Ruby Tuesday's food sucks)I would give it a 5 if it had a formal resturant.  Would I stay here again - yes for sure!
5	Always love the ALoftsIf you've stayed at one, they're pretty much the sameRooms were clean and comfortable.There was plenty of room in the standard king roomBathroom was nice, you don't have to deal with the miniature shampoos, they're in the wall mounted containers, which is nice.Only thing missing is an iron and ironing board, but other than that, the room was perfect, especially if you like hip, modern decor, which I do.  Rooms are a notch above TheStandard in LA, but not quite as roomy.  The rest of the property was just OK, yes, they have a lounge, but need a restaurant.  This location also does not have a DJ as some of the other ALofts do.All in all though, probably one of the best hotels to stay in while in the Phoenix area, especially for the price.  I heard from the bartender that the one in Tempe is more live than this one.
3	I've stayed at an Aloft before.  They are pretty much all the same.  My king room was clean, modern, and well maintained.  I went in the winter, but had it been summer, I probably would have taken advantage of the pool and outdoor lounge area.  Even the gym looked appealing, and that's saying a lot.  The major downfall (and I say major because the whole point of a hotel is to sleep) is that the bed pillows are so incredibly uncomfortable.  It is almost impossible to fall asleep.  Someone please get some decent pillows in there!
4	Surprisingly nice hotel near Sky Harbor Airport. Sort of reminds me of an upscale European styled hostel with its common couch areas surrounding the lobby, free wifi, kitchen style snack bar where you can pick up breakfast and a fancy coffee maker that does coffee and hot chocolate. There is also a box of varied tea bags. Rooms are spartan but very nicely laid out. A lot of physical and visual textures on the walls, floors and furniture. Very well laid out rooms, sorta like a hostel/ikea/hipster hotel mashup. Everything you need and packaged very comfortably. Tip: When you book, there are special rates found on their website where you can get free breakfast, I would recommend that one. Airport shuttle every 30 minutes.NOTE: Iron and board are tucked away in a cubbie to the right of the bed if you are facing the bed from the foot.
5	The Aloft is perfectly located right in the middle of Phoenix, Tempe, and Scottsdale so if you plan on checking out all of those areas you're in the right place. It's also located just north of the airport and right next to the light rail on 44th. There's a deal for 40% off your second night if you arrive for the weekend. I heard that this hotel has more business on weekdays while the weekends are usually less busy.My first impression was that the hotel is very nice. It's not very big, but the ultra-chic modern decor was very hip. It's the perfect place for hipsters. We happened to get a room on the first floor and it was all the way at the end of the hall. It was a great location because we were able to enter and eave from the side exit without even stepping into the lobby. The room was decent sized designed with modern decor. I loved the bathroom and the layout of the room was different than most hotels I've stayed at. The king sized bed was extremely comfortable with the exception of the pillows. They were on the soft side where your head just sinks into it, but I didn't mind too much since I was still able to sleep through it. The first night we hit up the bar which has happy hour from 5-7. $2 draft beers and specials on well drinks and wine. As for the area, there isn't anything cool in close range to the hotel, but the light rail can take you into downtown Phoenix or east into Tempe. Its $3.50 to ride the light rail all day even though nobody ever checked our tickets. We took it into downtown and over to Mill Ave. Overall, a great little mini vacation at an awesome hotel!P.S. Free WiFi. Score!!
5	I got stranded in AZ last week after missing my connecting flight.  I was so upset.  They gave me a voucher for a discounted room and I picked up the phone and just called the first hotel on the list since Aloft starts with A I called them.  They had openings and had  sent a van to pick me up.  WOW Loved the rooms, very chic, very comfortable.  and they hooked me up with free bottles of water and a tooth brush and tooth paste.  I wish I was there longer than 10 hours it was very nice.  I will look into staying at one in the near future.
2	Worst. Pillows. Ever. I travel a fair amount and these take the prize. Think of a basketball stuffed with hard chunks of foam rubber. Unbelievable. Get ready for a neck ache. Even tried rolled up bath towels but that as bad.  Bed is firm, not bad. Rooms modest size, but adequate. Decor is fine, modern, but walls are very dark and lights are somewhat ineffective. No artwork on walls leaves the room a bit stark.  Layout is interesting, but it works. Some of the trendy touches feel cheap.  Not sure how well this place will age. Air conditioner sounds like a 747 taking off, cycling on and off.  Blows across bed.  Bedside clock made loud ticking sound - had to finally unplug it. Location is convenient, and has airport shuttle.  No onsite restaurant, but one a block away. No breakfast buffet.  Light rail runs right by hotel.   Lobby interesting, with bar inside large lobby area  Didn't try the bar.  Overall an interesting, somewhat different place with some appeal. Horrible pillows and loud air conditioner were inexcusable, and entirely preventable flaws.  Demonstrates lack of management attention.  Would have scored a 4 stars without those two issues.
3	I had checked out all the pictures on the website, but they really don't do this place justice. It was so cool to walk into this facility! I love the ultra modern look. The only drawback was the lack of an iron and ironing board in the room. I'm also not sure there would be enough closet space in the room if I were staying for a couple of nights or more, but I was only staying one night, so it was fine. The staff were super courteous. I had somehow left my wallet in the room and when I called, the staff were right on it - looking in the room for me while I was on the phone and the wallet was found, with nothing missing.
3	This place has a lot of color, neon lights, and a young hipster trendy vibe to the place.  The room was very modern and clean, with some interesting graphics that cover the walls and doors.  However, the walls are fairly thin.  I had a room that had a door that connects you to the room next door, and even though there are two doors between you and the room next door, I could clearly hear the person next door talking on her cell phone (every word).  So if you are a light sleeper, be careful what room you occupy at this hotel.Also, when I arrived late night on a weekend, I had to wait close to 20 minutes before I could check-in because there was nobody present at the front desk.  This is unacceptable, especially after a long and tiring day of travel.  The hotel staff member stated that he is the only one on duty and had to run errands.  Unacceptable.  During the day, the service was more responsive.  Overall, the stay was just "ok" and I am not sure I will be back unless I get an incredibly cheap rate.
4	I accidently left my phone charger in my room after I had checked out early that morning.  I called early in the afternoon and asked if they could check my old room for me.  I showed up a few hours later and asked the girl at the front desk.  She knew exactly who I was and gave it to me in a bag!  Very friendly staff.  Super clean and modern hotel.  The bed was fluffy and comfortable.  Flatcreen tv is directly in front of the bed,  They provide Bliss products.  They include two free bottled water in your room.  There is also a mini Frig!
4	Happy hour from 4-7 (: Pool tables and a good bar. Ambience, OK. Great drink selection and bartenders.
4	Aloft offers some very nice rooms that leave you with a fancy modern feel on your stay. Aloft is a young hip vibe overall with it's young staff, cozy bar, and a friendly young staff.  Worth staying at again if I'm ever in need of a hotel.  Easy stay close to the airport with complimentary shuttle.  Led light display in the bar is trippy.
5	Very Nice Hotel, I got a chance to stay there when i miss my flight from sky harbor airport. Aloft  has a lot of color, neon lights, and a young hipster trendy vibe to the place.  The room was very modern and hygienic, with some walls paintings and doors.  However, the walls are fairly thin.  I really my whole night there and also break fast in the morning. Super class service. I liked it. Thanks a lot.
4	Stayed here for one night to catch an early flight. Great service here- hubby and I checked in and had a nightcap at the bar. The bartender was friendly. Check in was seamless and the guy checking us in was patient as hubby and I argued over what time to order the free airport shuttle for. The next morning we overslept and called down to get a taxi and when we got downstairs they had arranged an extra trip for the airport shuttle for us outside of the regular times the shuttle ran. We were so appreciative.The rooms are nice, comfy and well appointed. Definitely a business hotel. Not somewhere I would recommend for families or small kids. Vibe is relaxed and comfortable. Would recommend to anybody who needs to be close to airport and wants something nice.
3	If you plan on bringing a lover here to swoon and woo, but you also plan on dropping off some belly biscuits in the hotel room, make sure your significant other is either border line deaf and needs the TV volume at blast while you do it, or they are comfortable with hearing you contaminate the air with your filth. Seriously, there is NO sound privacy when you've got to pay nature it's Circle of Life dues. Also, the latrine DOESN'T lock! You can't even dispense dead and digested animals with the promise of physical privacy! If you're a self-conscious pooper, this hotel is not for you. F++ would NOT use toilet again with company around.Also, the soap and shampoo come out of dispensers. You can't steal it! I'm already losing money on this room!The beds are nice, everything is stylish. Nonetheless, you can't blast a duke in peace, and you can't steal the soap and shampoo. These simple necessities aren't guaranteed. What are we, in the pioneer times?! A man should be allowed to take soap and shampoo at a whim! This is America, where we have toilets we sit on and stalls to cover ourselves from the judgmental eyes of strangers! We deserve better!U S A! U S A! U S A!Other than that the desk people are friendly and the place is clean.PS BTW we turned the heater on and it smelled like an ancient death was caught in the heating vent and the whole roomed smelled like a dusty and burning hair salon.
5	clean. nice staff. Free shuttle to airport! nice modern vibe. rooms are cool and if you are facing airport can watch the planes come in and out all day and night.  I use a wheelchair and the access was great.
2	I probably will not stay here again. This is a unique angle in terms of providing a sense of value...breakfast and snacks in a common area in the lobby, for the taking, along with coffee and bottled drinks. The bed and linens were decent, as well as the bathroom.However, the overall structure is comprised of such cheap materials the ambient noise from the nearby airport and train were intolerable. I was on the airport side and couldn't sleep a wink. In the morning this was echoed by each guest in the breakfast area. This hotel will not wear well and will look incredibly shabby within a year.This venture may work for the twenty something vacationer on the cheap, but it's not fit for business travel.
4	Solid option by the airport. I wouldn't stay anywhere else.
3	I liked it because it was hip and modern. Maybe a little too "night at the roxybury" if you know what I'm saying, with the weird blue nightclub lighting in the elevators and stuff, but still pretty fun. It would be fun to go there with a lot of friends since the bar and lounge is huge and would accommodate. The room size was a little small. The food was terrible. The wi-fi didn't work in the rooms and it was annoying to have to go to the lobby to use my laptop. I didn't want to bother with the customer service phone number just to use the wi-fi...and the ethernet didn't work either. How does wired internet get so confusing? It certainly shouldn't.
2	I guess the Aloft Hotel chain is trying to appeal to the younger no frill crowd. I booked the Aloft Phoenix Airport for its location. Checked in during a driving rain and hail storm. The front desk is cute tiny round island with 4 computer terminals. There were two other people ahead of me and only two people working. Between the two people check in people answering the phones and cashiering the snack bar it took for ever. When I got to my first room there was water all over the desk obviously from the rain. So, I went down to the front desk to change my room. The second room was OK but right next to elevator. I did not know that you could hear every guest walking and talking waiting for the elevator. The room was nice but the wall paper looked like it was not finished. The hot water in the shower only got luke warm. So I asked the maintenance person to fix it as I was leaving. When I got back it was fixed and the water was fine. Another thing that was bad was the towels were so hard and stiff. The good things about the Hotel was the convenient and free parking.  When checking out the one front desk person was on the phone with a guest and I was waiting to check out and there was another waiting to pay for his breakfast. If this Aloft is indicative of the other Aloft Hotels I don't think I will be booking this chain in the future.
4	I'm becoming a huge fan of Alofts. They are cheaper than Westins or Ws, and generally much nicer than Sheratons, which tend to be overpriced and outdated. I just wish they all offered free breakfast, which this location does not. This would be a good choice for a one night stay near the airport.
4	We stayed here so we could catch an early flight. We were pleasantly surprised. The rooms were amazing, modern, quiet and affordable.The lobby was also cool with a bar, pool table, lounging area - it was very trendy. The elevator felt like being in a disco  with the black light thing but beyond that it was great if you are looking for a room near the airport.
2	So this was my first and probably only time that I will be staying at a Aloft hotel chain.....The hotel concept is based on competing with the entry level Motel 6 and lower end Best Westerns... But with a nice chic/edgy decor that is geared toward the younger crowd..college age or very young professionals..Not a bad concept but what kills this is the lack of lack of a proper checks and balances in the housekeeping/ maintenance department.I stayed at two different locations this past week....the Tempe one and the Airport Aloft. Both had issues with room cleanliness, not necessarily the maids fault as some issues were room damage that should of been fixed by management.List of pros:Free wifiFree pool table in lobby free water bottles and coffee in roomDecor was nice and appealingGood happy hour from 5-7...$2 draftsCons:Both locations had stained carpets in roomPillows are really small almost travel sizeRooms are on the small side All three rooms and both locations had damaged walls from the desk chairVery little storage room Comforters in two rooms were stained ...lack of a cover on the comforters means they have to wash the entire thing after each guest....which I highly doubt they doAnd the coupe de grace was a red stain on the bed sheets of king bed at the Tempe location..about the size of nickel and the 2nd stain the size of a 3 quarters put together in a triangle shape.There was a group of us and one reservation was lost so two of us stayed one night at Airport location while the rest stayed at Tempe location.  Overall all 3 rooms had similar issues at two different locations so  either is. Chain issue or a Phoenix issue....This location gets 2 instead of one only cuz of friendly check out lady on our way out....and we had limited interaction with staff
1	Horrible choice. Unfortunate service, hostility from staff after confirmed arrangements for a pick-up of car, and a loss of property. We stayed here on our wedding night for the convenience and seemingly chic accommodations-- would never recommend staying here. Issued police report for theft and multiple letters against their service.
4	Gets good marks for its unbeatable convenience; not just right at the airport, but also  across the street from the Phoenix Lightrail. Perfect-- got in late, straight to hotel, took the lightrail to downtown Phoenix first thing in the morning. $2/$4 if you want to buy an all-day (multi-use) pass. The hotel offers some pretensions about being chic and upscale though it's really just a road-warrior crashpad. But at less than half the price of a convention center hotel, I was thrilled to stay at the Aloft. Also I would make sure to go to the Circle K next door during daylight hours to pick up water and chips; doesn't look like a parking lot i'd like to hang out in by mysel.
3	convenient location for airport / has shuttle service/ front desk forgot our wake up call.
5	Had a wonderful stay! The rooms were nice and the lobby bar area was really neat! Enjoyed the service at the W XYZ bar with a beautiful bartender Rebecca!
4	My family & I were re-routed to Phoenix due to a plane crash at the San Francisco Airport on July 6/13.  We arrived at the Phoenix airport at 11pm and we were tired and hungry.  We could see the Aloft hotel from the airport terminal.  We called them and they sent a shuttle 10 minutes later.  Upon arrival, we found the hotel staff friendly and welcoming.  The hotel was modern and clean.   Our hotel room was fine.  We loved the snack/convenience bar in the hotel lobby.  We were very pleased with the price of  the room which was $89/night.  Even though we only stayed 1 night, it was exactly what we needed after a long day of travel.
1	Bad first experience...We checked in and were pleasantly surprised. We liked our room, staff was friendly, and we had a drink and relaxed in the lobby area. However, the ONLY reason we stayed here was because we had an early morning flight. Before we headed to our room for the night, we stopped by the front desk to ask about the airport shuttle. The employee was very helpful and told us that he could schedule it for us. We scheduled it for 5:30am (they run every half hour). We woke up the next morning and were in the lobby by 5:25am. The shuttle was out front waiting. When my husband and I attempted to get on, we were told by the driver that the shuttle was full. As we went back in to the front desk, the shuttle pulled off. I asked the front desk employee, and she seemed confused as to how it was full if we were on the schedule. (She confirmed that we were indeed scheduled to be on the 5:30am shuttle.) She told us the next shuttle was at 6am which wouldn't work for our flight leaving at 7:05am. We asked about the new sky train, and she gave us directions. That was our only option besides calling a taxi. So we hauled our suitcases down the street to the sky train then had to walk through the only terminal that it stops at, head back outside into the heat, and catch a shuttle to our terminal. Needless to say, we were hot and exhausted by the time we made it to our terminal. And, what should have been a 5-10 minute, air conditioned shuttle ride turned into a 35-40 minute ordeal.In addition, the bed was the most uncomfortable bed I have ever slept in at a hotel. It felt like sleeping on an old sleeper sofa. And, there was an EXTREMELY loud motorcycle that circled the parking lot from 2am to 3am and kept us awake. Since I didn't get any sleep and I didn't get the shuttle, why even stay here?! I could have woken up in the middle of the night, driven from Tucson, paid for parking, and saved a little extra money. I expect more from Starwood properties. Next time we will choose another airport hotel. I suggest to Aloft Phoenix Airport...get a system for your shuttle where the driver has a list of people who are on the schedule and makes sure they get a ride at the scheduled time before accommodating others. 99% of your guests stay here because of the 24 hour airport shuttle that you advertise.
4	I'm a fan, yes, I think that's a pretty fair top-level summary.  This is my 3rd time here, and not my last.It's clean, it's comfortable, it's affordable, it's pleasing to the eye (which is more important to me than it might be to you).  The staff have been mostly friendly, certainly nobody has been rude.I like the McMuffin knockoffs for breakfast, they are done well and fresh.  I wouldn't eat lunch or dinner here though.  I never noticed some of the dings and scratches until someone here mentioned it, probably because I think it's still a great value (high bang-for-the-buck score).  I suppose the noise insulation is pretty poor, but I always sleep with a white noise generator and/or the aircon when I'm here so...  no problem.  My spoiled ass would prefer to stay somewhere $100 - $200 more, but for this price it's totally cool and my go-to PHX hotel.
2	No luck getting the shuttle from the airport and the room is barely useable.
4	Not too long ago the Phoenix SkyTrain opened up and that has made getting to the airport even easier. The new skytrain has three stops- Terminal 4, East Parking, and the 44th St. Light rail station. In essence, you can step off the plane, hit the skytrain for 2 stops, and then walk across the street as the Aloft is within sight of the 44th street light rail station. Amazing. Total game changer.
4	This hotel has it's pro's and con's; but for me it diffidently has more pro's. I stayed here the first weekend of December and had a pleasant over all stay. It was easy to find, and a short drive from the airport. The hotel is modern. It's like a mini W Hotel. Bright stimulating colors and although small, they made GREAT use of the space. Nice bathroom with large shower head. They have the standard Bliss products. And a bonus is that they have a built in shower caddy with hanging hooks for a shower puff! Also a full length mirror that doubles as a pocket door for bathroom privacy. The king size bed is the center of the room with built in side tables which has an outlet to use for a phone or whatever. Also they provide a heavy duty power strip on the desk for even more outlets. Plenty of space for luggage and seating as well. An ironing board tucked away behind the bed. Another great thing is that they have a mini fridge in the room. No microwave but there is one in the lobby you can use anytime. A free bottle of water in the room helps after a long day at the airport! The lobby is comforting, they have a little lounge area with tv's, fireplace and bar. They also have a little convenience area with a wide variety of drinks and snacks. Even microwaveable meals. However I have to agree with other reviews, the front desk service sucks, the younger girl in particular. Which unfortunately made for a confusing, unpleasant check in. My plane landed early so I called to see if I was able to check in early, after a large very noticeable sigh over the phone, she let me know I could come right over. Which I did, but when I arrived I went to the automatic door and...um...it didn't open. I was thinking it was broken but I tried it like literally 5 times. I looked inside and no one was at the front desk let alone insight! Strange right?? Yea it was an interesting 10 mins hanging outside, walking around to see if there was another front entrance :-/ after walking around the bldg (a few times) I tried the door again and some young looking girl ran to the desk to hit a button that let me in...I asked if the door was broken and she giggled and said yes. I expressed how crazy it was to stand outside of a hotel that was "closed" and she just giggled again. No apology, no explanation, not even a excuse. Ummm so front desk service sucks. Horrible actually. But once you get past check in, and you're able to avoid them; then you're stay will be at least a four star stay. OH did I mention I only paid $69/night over the weekend? No special deals, I booked  directly through their site the night before. That makes this place a bang for your buck! ** The light rail can be caught across the street, it takes you straight downtown to where the action is with just one ride, no transfers! Overall I love this place, and will definitely stay here again!
5	The decor is hip and the lobby though small was nice. It was a rainy and cold night (for Phoenix) so the bright colors and spare room seemed nice. The main reason we stayed here was the convenance to the airport and it filled the bill. The room was clean and well designed.
4	Had a great stay here!! The rooms seem very dorm-like, but comfortable.The staff is really nice. The first person that checked us in wasn't all that perfect, but everyone else was great! We went to Phoenix when it was cold, so we weren't able to try out the pool. This place provides a free shuttle to and from the airport, close location to it as well, across the street from a museum & close enough to all the places we went to! Really enjoyed our stay here, and would definitely go to other locations of the same name.
1	Booking my trip to Europe, many months in advance. I was looking to stay at this hotel for 3 nights prior to my departure, and 2 night upon my return. So called the hotel to ask about leaving my vehicle for 3 weeks at the hotel. They attempted to give me a parking package???? Yes, they wanted to charge me for parking my vehicle there. After looking to pay $274 per night...Needless to say I contacted Motel 6 literally down the block. Spoke with the manager Janice. She could not be more accommodating. Janice immediately emailed me an agreement. For my vehicle to be parked in their parking lot for the full 3 weeks, without a charge, and the room per night was only $60. So, I will NEVER stay at your hotel, and will tell everyone STAY AWAY! To think that the customer service is that deplorable. You were looking to have me pay over $1000 for 5 nights, and I cannot leave my vehicle for free. REALLY?
4	I enjoyed my brief stay here.This was my first staying at an Aloft and I really liked it. Loved the modern look and cool vibe. The drinks in the bar were very reasonably priced, I'm so over hotels hiking up costs because your options are limited! Service was also friendly at the bar.I liked the breakfast they offered. For $4 I got a sandwich with egg, turkey and cheese and it was pretty tasty. It's mainly breakfast sammies and cereal and stuff but it gets the job done quickly and tastefully.Loved that the internet is free and was nice and fast.Only complaint I had was it was a little confusing to enter the hotel. There is no entrance in front, you have to drive around back. No charge to park while I was there which is always nice. Next time I will know how to get in here so all should be good!I will most likely stay here again when I'm in the area, especially because I loved the free travel size Bliss lotion they gave me in the room!
4	Place is pretty cool but my lord are the walls sorta paper thin. You can hear the people walking in the hallways, I think because the carpet is very thin and not a thick carpet.Rooms are nice, comfortable beds, large tv and desk to do work. Plenty of power outlets, even has a hook up for DVD player or game console.The restrooms are nice too but the only thing I didn't like was the shower head, it was a rain head unit, so water fell down with no strong pressure.They have a cordless phone, nice touch in case you are room to room or unpacking or packing and you need to multitask.We paid a decent price but if you're going to book don't wait too long because the price can go up to $200 a night, a bit much though for what you get here, again it's a nice hotel but for me all I need is a comfortable bed and a hot shower.It's close to the airport (they do provide shuttle service) and have a lounge and quick bites to take back to your room in case you need to fuel up.
4	I stayed here with my lady last night and it didn't disappoint! I had the sixth floor suite with a nice view of the airport and the city lights. The bed was comfortable and had plenty of leg room for my 6-2 self LOL The bartender helped me add an extra star to the review , very strong drinks and friendly attentive service enjoying the other guest having a good time. The overall look of the hotel is very modern, and hip I would recommend it to someone on business or pleasure as the room has a desk and plenty of comfort for just a few nights stay.4 STARS
3	Nice place to stay if you are a tourist or a business traveler.  This one is a good location close to the airport but also very close to the 202 freeway and the 143 and easy to get to Mill Ave if you want to go hang out there.  They are also pretty close to a Costco if you need to gas up a rental car. (It's only like a mile north of this Aloft on 44th.)The rooms are efficient... not a lot of room but comfortable and functional.Pros:There is a small fridge under the sink.They provide shampoo/conditioner and body wash in the shower.The rooms are modern and efficient.They provide a small coffee maker in the room.The pillows are fluffy.The linens are on the soft side... not hard like some hotels.There's a big flat screen TV in front of the bed.They have a small but very nice fitness center complete with free weights.They have a small but very efficient food, snack bar area that serves up made to order egg breakfast sandwiches.  (Highly recommend this... only $4.)They have a full bar and a pool table in the lobby area.The check-in/-out is smooth and quick and friendly!Cons:The bed wasn't that comfortable... a bit too firm for me.If you didn't run the A/C... the room got stuffy fast.  But the A/C also killed my sinuses since my allergies are running amok so I'm dried out and sniffly at the same time.  Ugh.The shower water pressure wasn't that great.The shower water temp was not consistent throughout the day.  Thankfully, in the morning it was pretty hot but in the evening it was only "warm".
4	My first visit to an ALoft hotel. Stayed 2 nights. Not my style, but it's a nice place. I'd probably stay here again if given the chance. Just gave me an overwhelming feeling of dorm life. I guess that's the gimmick? The lobby is cool and rooms are cool, definite flash back to a previous version of my life though. This location is pretty close to the airport and has an airport shuttle.  The lady at the desk even called a cab for us when we needed to run out and get food and extra clothing for our Grand Canyon Detours trip. Detours picks up here if anyone is concerned.  There is a snack area called Reload or something next-to/behind the check-in desk, so you can get some light food and beverages there.  There is also a bar, pool table, restrooms, and cute and comfortable lounge areas on that floor.  No seating out front, unless  the round stone balls are supposed to be seats. I really don't know. The rooms are cool too. Platform beds, wall-mounted TV, body wash and shampoo dispensers are installed on the wall in the shower.  There is also soap and lotion at the sink, and a sliding mirrored door for the space between the sink area and shower and toilet. The beds each had overhead lights, so you could read or whatever without really disturbing the person in the other bed. Channel line-up is pretty extensive, and the wifi seemed to be free for both nights. I'm not sure if it was supposed to be.There is a desk area and a similar table type device on the far side of the room, but no chair. It covers the AC unit, which is LOUD and comes on every few minutes if you're trying to cool the room or maintain a temperature. Like LOUD. There are also several plugs in the center console/table/stand thing in between the beds, so you can plug in whatever without it being out of reach or without having to move the entire room around to get to the plugs that are typically behind furniture in hotel rooms...Our keys didn't work when we got back from our GC tour. So that was a bit of a nuisance, but they quickly took care of it. Supposedly the keys/doors are sensitive. Right....Desk staff is friendly and helpful. Maybe I am just surprised that people out west are friendly. I was on vacation, but still.  I have never had so many strangers strike up a conversation or offer help in all of my life. Overall I'd stay again. Hip. Convenient. Affordable. 4 stars because the walls are pretty thin. Neighboring room had the TV or whatever up so loud we could barely hear ours without also turning it up too loud. They even apparently have a happy hour on Friday nights. The place was "bumpin" as the youth says. Or used to say.  Hmmmm....
4	PHOENIX: This Aloft is great; these are my go-to hotels in any city, and this one is consistent with the rest.  Clean, comfortable, groovy.  They are design forward; makes other hotels seem boring and dated by comparison.The parking is the only challenge, just a flat lot around the hotel, so come early.
3	I really don't like this place.Its got a great location near the airport but Ive been here many times and it has many negatives.The beds are not comfortable. The air conditioner  in some rooms doesn't work well. The food at the bar is crap. The drinks are great.If your on the South Side (Airport Side)  its noisier.Parking has been an issue at times.Yes it looks cool and has a great vibe.. but for people who really travel often its just ok.
5	An absolutely great place toStay. Staff was super friendly and courteous and made you feel at home.  The decor was modern and made you feel upscale for sure.  The bar and pool provided for a nice comfy place to hang out and not have to drive anywhere.   Recommend for those looking for something different and an atmosphere to remember.
1	BEDBUG ALERT!! I said at this location over the first of July weekend and by the following morning was covered in bedbug bites. I emailed Nicole Miller who is the hotel manager. She "claims" to have had the rooms inspected and reported no findings, but I've definitely got the bites to prove it. Will never stay here again and is suggest you look for cleaner accommodations as well.
4	Dog friendliness brought us here. Big fan of the modern design in both the lobby and the rooms. The pool table and bar were just what we needed. We were placed in someone else's room and actually forced to move right after we got settled. (We discovered this when our wifi wasn't working and the staff called us by the wrong name) For the inconvenience, we were given a couple complimentary drinks and some free breakfast. Everyone was very nice and helpful about the mix up.If passing through town with a four legged friend again, will be sure it's at the top of our options.
4	THIS IS WHAT I EXPECT WHEN I SEARCH FOR A BOUTIQUE HOTEL! And to find it near the Phoenix airport when I've missed my flight home is a grand great indeed! ALoft has a modern and inviting lobby, bar and a luxe snack station that would impress a hugely wide customer base from clean eaters to m&m lovers alike.  Voss water? Smart water? Naked juices? Greek yogurts, wraps and salads? Yup, yup, yup, and yup!The rooms are really nice, modern and fun with fantastic and unique design touches!  And the shower head? Nothing I'd expect and everything I'm pleased with here in the desert.  Great bed, great TV, and the whole appeal is modern boutique, for shure.Price? Excellent, and if not for what was due to some pretty awful timing, it'd be a 5 star for my purposes:The pay ahead catch gives a fine price point, but the caveat was the unbelievably deficient shuttle service.  Many flights cancelled late leads to issues, but the communication break down between the desk staff to driver to guest was pretty much an epic fail.  The desk operator or bartender will tell you wait at the courtesy vehicle pickup area "3 North." But BEWARE, the shuttle driver will pick up a full van at "1 North" and speed by you with a full load of people.  They are those who have already seen the him pick up under "1 North" two or three times and rushed over that area instead of "3 north."  The shuttle driver, while standing under the "1 North" sign tells you with a young and helpful face that indeed he is in the pick-up zone.... Just not the one the desk originally directed you to.  Such nice folks, it all ended up a blessed night after a very long day!  Thanks to the bartender, who doubled as an operator on such a busy night, to the desk folks, and the busy shuttle driver, who's night was only just getting started :)
2	Don't stay here they offer "shuttle service."  I was promised transportation in 15 minutes to a restaurant 4 miles away then after the shuttle arrived re-approached the front desk and was told that it would be 2 hours since airport transport was priority...glad that I had buddies from Embassy Suites Phoenix Airport because their driver had no problems stopping by and picking me up so that I could join our group for dinner.  BTW I was here for practice management with the Levin Group.  Also management has changed within the last couple of months and so has their transportation and park and rise policies.  Bed sheets had holes in them and were never changed.  Decent sized rooms bed itself and pillows were not the most comfortable but acceptable for the price point.
5	Good- Staff was extremely friendly!  Hotel had a very clean hip feel.  I placed a bid on priceline for $65 and it was accepted!Bad- very un- comfortable bed,  ruby Tuesday's is the close restaurant within waking distance, and not a lot of night life around. Stay again- yes
4	The room was a little small but overall the hotel was clean and suited all of my needs for my two night stay.  The modern decor and vibe is fun and trendy.  The hotel is down the road from the airport and is equidistant to Phoenix and Tempe with public transportation conveniently available. There's a free shuttle to/from the airport.  I'd recommend going down in person to reserve the shuttle, I wasn't able to reserve it over the phone, which was frustrating.  The wifi was spotty and unreliable during my stay.
3	It's clean and has a groovy vibe to it. A Circle K is next door for cheap snacks a whatnot but watch out for the tweakers. Wifi was strong and free, parking free. Electronic safe and mini-fridge in room. Midget sized iron and ironing board are tucked behind the bed. The one gripe I have is that you can't download and print tickets from the computers at their business center. I tried to print tickets to the Cardinals v. Skins game from stubhub but that feature is disabled which is lame. I asked the guy at the front to assist. He said he would be never showed and didn't say anything to me as I walked out. I'd stay again if the price were right. Probably wouldn't stay if I didn't have a car or wasn't just there for a flight layover of whatever. Well equipped fitness center.
5	I'm a fan of this aloft. The amenities are nice and new. The staff is friendly and everything is clean. The only set back is that they have construction at a near by building that starts early in the morning. I'm a heavy sleeper so its not a problem. Otherwise go ask for ear plugs.
4	I'm the type of person that does a ton of research when I make a purchase and that was no different when it came to the the Aloft Phoenix Airport. My friends and I planned a girls trip to escape the cold Milwaukee weather, and I wanted a hotel that was modern and hip, but affordable and had all the basic amenities. After doing 20+ hours of research, I finally went with the first hotel I looked at, and Aloft it was. Our flight arrived in Phoenix at 9am, and we were able to check in early, which was great. The chick at the front desk during the day was kind of weird though. She didn't seem to know about anything going on there, and didn't know about anything around the city. But whatever, the room was great. Beds were a bit uncomfortable, but that's probably because I'm used to sleeping in a body print of myself every night. Pool was nice, except for the fact that the sun didn't go in there at all, and we wanted to catch some rays, but that may have had to do with the sun being lower in the sky in November. My friend worked out in the fitness center every day, and said it was clean and just the right size for her workout. Loved the proximity to the light rail and airport, and the hotel shuttle dropped us off and picked us up in a couple spots too, which was helpful. The only complaints about this place is that the girl during the weekdays at the front desk is clueless, and the cleaning crew didn't come and clean our room until late one of the days. They also advertise a plug and play thing, where you could plug your device into the tv, and stream shows or play music, and they didn't have any cords available for us to use, but not a huge issue. Would absolutely stay here again! Nice and quiet place to stay, especially during the week!
1	The one disappointment I have always have is the restaurant has lousy food and the customer service or friendly bartender wasn't so friendly
5	This place is very special. I have never stayed at a hotel that successfully merged: internet lounge, dive bar, dance club and pet friendly hotel into one location. I still can't fully explain what a trip this place is. If you're not comfortable with new experiences, stay away. This is not the hotel for you. Check yourself into a Hampton Suites or something. The room was pretty cool, clean, comfortable. They had all these little details like a WIRED magazine on one of the racks. The drinks like all hotels are VERY EXPENSIVE, so maybe bring your own bottle service. ;)They also have a car service to the hotel. I didn't try it but it's nice they have it. Oh! The check in and out was very easy and fast. Super convenient!!
4	The hotel location is optimal and the staff is very friendly. The rooms are OK but the noise from a central system goes on for 24/7. So is your room located near this, you will need earplugs if you would sleep the full night.
3	This is a good place to stay for business.  It's about 15 minutes from the airport and if you call them as soon as you land the shuttle is usually there waiting for you. Staff is friendly and helpful. Some nights there's DJ music in the lounge. They have a small but efficient workout room. I would come back.
4	I enjoyed my stay at Aloft Phoenix-Airport for a week and a half. I was put in a really nice room overlooking the city and the West side. The room was nicely appointed and clean. The hotel is conveniently located near the freeway and a quick drive. The staff including room service was so gracious. Elijah and Cara at the front desk were super helpful and friendly. I would recommend this hotel to any one.
4	Everything was exceptional except the air conditioner was noisy! Immaculately clean and big spacious rooms amazing beds and fab bathrooms. I would stay again for sure.
4	My room was room 468, which has a small patio, it is on the pool level, but there was shrubs as to have privacy. I really liked having the open space, but I am sure there are VIEWS to die for up higher.
2	Not for business travelers. Poor cell phone connectivity is a known issue by the staff and for all those that need to make business calls from their room or anywhere within the hotel.  I had to leave early and spend the day to work out of one of the airport lounges. No kidding!! When's the last time you had to pay for using the land line in your hotel room?
