5	It may not have the fancy decor of RA or Zen 32 but Sushi 101 is a great cheap college hangout.  You can get $4.50 saki bombs during happy hour every day as well as half off assorted sushi.  Although it's not best sushi I've ever had it's well above similar places that compete for the budget sushi category.  You can easily stuff yourself for $10-$15.  Make sure to try the "fantastic sauce"!
4	From 4-7 on weekdays, this place is five stars because the happy hour is pretty rad. The rest of the time, the sushi is good, and the service ain't bad either. Sushi purists might not appreciate the Sun Devil staffing (blondes in kimonos) but that sort of thing doesn't bother me too much. It is very non-pretentious, which seems to be the norm in Tempe but not in Scottsdale, so you can pop in and grab some sushi in a more laid back atmosphere without breaking the bank.
4	Sushi 101.  It's so clever. Sitting just across from ASU main campus beckoning young hopefuls over with the promise of a survey level course in the appreciation of the best japanese cultural import since anime.  Sure, it may be a gentle introduction for sushi virgins, but there's plenty here for a seasoned veteran to sink their teeth into.Jake has the right idea.  Go during happy hour.  I have eaten here dozens of times and the Sushi has always been good.  I'm partial to the maguro and albacore and their dragon or unagi rolls.  Because nothing says, "Kiss me baby!" like some eel in a sweet sweet sauce!.  But hey, it's your own trip. In general the drinks and sushi are fairly reasonably priced.  I've never felt out of place there and the service has always been good.There's a wall of polaroids of people posing with their heads stuck through a Sumo wrestler cut out which is mildly amusing.  But I go here for the sweet, succulent, tender, delicious and might I add raw fish.
3	Easy to find. Ample parking. I can say that much about this place. For me, it's not anything to write home about. In fact, why bother? Well, perhaps you want a pretty central area to meet friends for lunch or after work. Or maybe it's the middle of the weekend and your jonesin' for sushi. Then, go. But otherwise, don't. I mean, really, with a name like Sushi 101, you can expect it to cater to ASU kids and residents down the block. Hey, no biggie, right?If I were you, I wouldn't bother, though.Service is good, although during a lunch visit once, I felt almost hurried out the door when all I really wanted was to enjoy my hour break, settle back into the booth and savor each bite. Seems that was too much to ask, for the check came long before 1/2 my roll was eaten. To me, that reeks worse than rotten fish.
3	Sushi 101 should rename themselves "Sushi for Meatheads". This was seriously the worst sushi I've ever had.  So bad, that I refused to eat it. My sister and I got take-out. The inside of the place seems nice and clean and bright.  There's a bar with drink specials that are named like specialty sushi rolls.   But there are several TVs with various games on, at all times.   My theory is that they do all of this to distract you from the terrible food you are about to receive.  The sushi was poorly rolled.  It wouldn't even stay together.  Also, the meat and fillings inside the sushi were in extremely small portions.  For example, I ordered the special of the day which was an eel crunch roll. It was supposed to be eel, cream cheese, and avocado.  About three end pieces had absolutely no meat in them and the pieces that did were minimal.  The roll itself was 3 inches wide by 5 inches long. If you looked at one piece there was about 1/2 inch of filling and 1 1/4 inches of rice all around.  That is a ridiculously large amount of rice for no discernible reason.   Besides that, I think the only thing that was actually in the entire roll was cream cheese.   Even their soy sauce was substandard. Even though the food is terrible, the atmosphere seems conducive to large groups and people trying to take in a game in a place other than a sports bar.   I will never go back here (and not just because I live in Philly).
1	This place is one of the worst sushi joints in town. Why is everything covered in their stupid sauce (which is just watered down siracha, by the way)? The quality of fish is horrendous. The tuna was old/dull looking, the salmon seemed rotten. I got a little happy when i saw they had yellow tail only to be served a weird colored, trash smelling piece of sashimi. What a let down. I hate being so negative, but I really get mad with bad sushi and this place was bad.
5	It is my second home.. The staff is awesome. Food is great..
4	Best Feature: Asahi beer and edamameAhh the subject of many a drunken joke "let's take that Sushi 101 class together."Actually, as a recent graduate I already miss this place.  It was a great local jaunt to grab a few Japanese beers between classes.  Otherwise you'd have to go to [shudder] Ra.The staff was pretty friendly and the cooks seemed legitimate (Although all I had was beer and edamame).  Ah...I miss izakayas....
3	I've been here a few times, had some pretty mixed experiences. It seems pretty normal that if you get 4 items, two of them will be pretty good and the other two will kinda suck. I haven't experienced any items with an overtly bad odor, but sometimes I'll get a piece of fish with a 'this should've been served yesterday' texture. The pricing and usually the service are pretty good.Also, there is a full bar here with happy hour and reverse happy hour and signs all over the place for their pitcher special and I'm not really sure why 4 people previously entered that this place serves no alcohol. There's plenty available if you need it.By the way, just an observation from my latest visit, if I pay a $14.00 tab with a $20 bill, does it really need to be said that I will not be able to leave a decent 15-25ish% tip if my change includes a $1 bill and a $5 bill?
3	I eat here from time to time when I am in Phoenix for business.  The sushi is ok.  I tend to be attracted to all-you-can-eat sushi and Sushi 101 is adequate for this specialty cuisine.  I usually sit at the bar.  The speed of service could be better as it always seems either the sushi chefs or the servers are complaining about working too many hours.  The variety on the all-you-can-eat menu is extensive enough for most nominal sushi-lovers.
4	Do come here if:1. You want cheap drinks.2. You want to start happy hour early (4-7 and an amazing 9-close).3. You want to find a seat easily. Sit at the bar, by the way. The no-bullshit bartender is cool and boyfriend and I had a great time joking with him and talking drinks.4. You want cheap food. $1.50 edamame and $3-4 rolls and apps during happy hours is unbeatable.HOWEVER, do not come here if:1. You want amazing food. I pay for what I get so I'm not terribly dissapointed with how average the sushi is. But when you're drinking, who cares that much, anyway? (I don't.)Just try it because it's not RA and it's close to campus. I think the RA on Mill smells worse than this place, anyway.
5	I love this place. The staff is awesome and the food is great. It is a good way to enjoy sushi weekly without going broke. I have been to a bunch of other sushi restaurants in the area and I found the food at Sushi 101 to be by far the best. The atmosphere is very inviting and even on a Friday night when it is packed with drunk kids, it is still an awesome place to be.
3	I have had great and amazing sushi, where I wanted to weep silently and kowtow to whatever created the amazing sensation in my mouth.  Just not in AZ.However, in AZ, there are definitely tiers of Sushi restaurants, for simplicity sake, tier 1, tier 2, tier 3 (1 is the best).  Sushi 101 firmly lodges itself in tier 2.  The actual fish itself is just "meh" but the happy hour specials keep me coming back to this place.
3	For Arizona it was ok.  The menu was a little heavy on the fried rolls.  Waiter was very friendly.  The soy sauce dishes were the size of soup bowls and they gave us metal soup spoons with the miso - must be authentic Arizona sushi.
5	I can not imagine this place ever getting lower than 4 stars. Great food, wonderful service, and the manager remembers us even though we only go about every 6 months! The happy hour and drinks are great. We have gone to other sushi places in Arizona (from Tucson to Flagstaff) and none other compare! I definitely recommend it!
4	Great happy hour menu!  Ate here for the first time, and I wish I hadn't waited so long to give it a try!  Never tasted Tsingtao beer before, so I went for it ($2.50).  Very-light tasting, and refreshing.  Awesome when sipped after having a bite or two of pickled ginger!  I love soft-shelled crab, so I started w/ a spider roll ($6.95), and to go along w/ that, I chose a sweet potato roll ($4.50) and a two-pc. mackerel sushi ($3).  I hesitated placing the mackerel order, since I haven't had much luck w/ it at other places, so I was pleasantly surprised w/ Sushi 101's offering- it's flavor was bold, yet fresh-tasting, and the flavor and texture of the rice were outstanding!  From these first bites, I knew I was in for a great meal!Tots, who looked too young to be behind the sushi bar, was my chef for the evening, and he was friendly, very quick, looked quite focus on the tasks he had before him, and yet was able to answer all my questions.  Definitely look for him when you go!  Next came the sweet potato roll- 8 delightful pieces of sweet-potato roll wrapped in nori, then rice, and then a light coating of toasted panko flakes.  These tasted divine even w/o its special sweet sauce!  Keep in mind that I am allergic to **, to name a few commonly used in sushi prep, so if these descriptions sound a little off, you'll know why.  Laying next to the sweet potato goodness were 8 larger pcs. of the spider roll.  I asked Tots to replace the * w/ asparagus.  Goodness, I can just kick myself right now for, yet again!, forgetting to take photos!!  Argh!!  These flavor explosions were exquisite to behold!  Oh... I, like Gen. McArthur, shall return!You'd think that I, after the mackerel sushi and two rolls (light on the rice, please!), plus piles of ginger chased w/ a half-bottle of Tsingtao, would be finished for the evening, but no!  I went for the Alaskan roll ($4.95)- eight pcs. containing crabmeat, asparagus, and fresh salmon.  What else can I say?  I've found another great sushi place, and I cannot wait to share it w/ others!
5	After treating Mom and myself to both a relaxing and totally rejuvenating 90-minute massage sessions at SWIHA, we headed to Sushi 101 (my second visit, her first!) for happy hour.  We arrived at around 5:30p and sat ourselves at the sushi counter, said hello to Tots, who smiled and greeted us warmly.  As I've said before, don't let his young looks fool you- he's competent, he's quick, and he even has a great memory!  All it took was for me to say "No *..." and he completed my sentence by recalling all the food allergies I have to worry about when dining at a sushi establishment!  Kudos to Tots, and to Sushi 101 for employing employees like him!Since I was dining again with Mom, I forgot to take photos, but I assure you, we thoroughly enjoyed EACH and EVERY dish we tried (well, all but one*, that is)...Two bowls of miso soup- Complimentary, if sitting at the sushi counter.  Was surprised to find out that their miso base did not contain *!  I've had to avoid miso for so long now, that it was such a treat to enjoy again.  Lovely, rich flavor, with scallions and tofu, but a little bit on the salty side.  I'll be sure to have some everytime I visit!  Vegetable tempura; $3/2 pcs. sweet potato, 2 pcs. zucchini, 1 pc. onion ring, 1 pc. broccoli- We ended up ordering another serving, for a total of two dishes, $6*Gyoza, $3/5 pcs.- Couldn't try these myself as they contained mushrooms.  Mom decided she won't order these pork-filled dumplings again, saying they weren't very good.  I noticed she ate all but one ;)Spider roll, $6.95/5 pcs.- Pure joy!Rainbow roll, $8.95/8 pcs.- Sublime!Volcano roll, $9.50/8 pcs.- Scallops, crab, asparagus, yamogobo, and smelt roe!  Served warm, and will definitely be a "repeat guest performer" at many happy hour meals to come. Total bill $45.00, including 20% tip, for two people.  Bill is for food only, as we didn't order any beverages save iced water.  Offered to split a bottle of Tsingtao with her ($2 or $2.50), but she turned it down.  No biggie.  I'm all about eating my calories anyway :D Again, if my descriptions of the rolls sound like they're lacking in traditional ingredients, you're not mistaken.  I've had to ask for substitutions as I'm allergic to many sushi ingredients.  Another reason why I love patronizing Tots and Sushi 101- they're so accommodating!!
4	I'm new to sushi and when we met up with a couple of friends on a Tuesday night, I'm glad I did. I had the opportunity to try 5 or 6 different kinds and I liked them all. When I go back I'll be getting the golden state roll, it was delicious! Can't wait to go again.
4	Best fish?  NahhhBest ambiance?  NahhhSuper great happy hour prices!  YES!Hooray!Only go during happy hour.  Which is almost all the time.This place is great if you're needin' some sushi and on a budget
4	Great-tasting sushi !!! We had vegetable tempura and my cousin asked for the zuchini and sweet potatoes only. It was so good -- crunchy on the outside but hot and juicy on the inside --- that we ordered another batch. Next was the rainbow roll. It was the best-looking and well-made sushi among the sushi rolls we ordered that night. It looked like it was hard to make with all the ingredients inside and the way it was rolled with the tuna and salmon covering the rice was beautiful. It was delicious. Specially made too :PThen we had the spicy tuna roll. The first time I set my eyes on it --- made me think that this was done by an amateur or probably a new sushi chef. It was not very appealing with the rice sticking out of the seaweed wrapper and the tuna was all mushy and probably cut with a dull knife (learned from experience making sashimi). I ate it happily with no complaints =). Itadakimasu!!! It was really good. I dipped it in wasabi and soy sauce and it became more spicy!!! It's even good without the wasabi and soy sauce.The last dish was the golden state roll. It looked like an embutido. Not so beautifully done either (the partitioning of the the stuff inside was not that well defined --- like in the cookbooks or in TV hehe). I asked my cousin what it was, she said it was california maki covered in rice flour then fried. It was also very good. Crunchy on the outside and flavorful on the inside ...If only I weren't so full, I could have eaten it all.
4	5 Stars- Seriously, FIVE STARS FOR THE SWEET POTATO ROLL!!!!!!!!!  Now, it's probably not a traditional roll, but man is it tasty!5 Stars- Happy Hour prices are seriously out of this world - 15 dollar TOTAL for 2 people with drinks, edamame, and 3 rolls!!!3 Stars- I'm sorry, this was SLOOOOOWWWW, for service= 4.5 Stars! Not quite "as good as it gets", but pretty darn close. I will definitely be back!
3	(I'm downgrading my rating to three stars this entry...)I enjoyed Thursdays' dinner so much, I came back the following night and ordered the miso soup and two rolls.  Even though I was hungry, I hardly touched the soup as I found it too salty.  Unless I'm craving for something warm and salty next time, I don't think I'll be having the soup again anytime soon, even if it is complimentary...Tonight (Friday, 4/10), I tried two rolls off of the happy hour menu- the Philly roll and the Baked salmon roll.  Both were delightful, and I would certainly order them again!!  The Philly roll contains smoked salmon, cream cheese, and cucumber.  The baked salmon roll consists of baked salmon, krabmeat, cucumber, and avocado, and rolled with crispy panko crumbs.  Mmm!!I'm very happy with Sushi 101!  My only complaints are that 1.) on my last three visits, I noticed that the sushi (vinegared rice) isn't as tangy (?) or as texturally-satisfying as it used to be, and 2.) I'm afraid to sit anywhere but the sushi counter where I know I can get the best service from Tots [short for Tatsuya  (sp?)].  Tots usually works with two other chefs on each side of him (tonight there were four behind the counter).  The one to his left NEVER smiles; He actually looks like he despises working there.  I usually sit in front of Tots' section, but there wasn't any room there for me tonight, so I sat in front of the unsmiling, surly-looking chef, and not once did he even make eye contact with me.  Not even a hello to open up a dialogue or to even acknowledge my presence.  When I mentioned to him that I had a couple of rolls picked out (I was hoping he'd make eye contact so that I could tell him about my food allergy concerns), he just said, without looking at me, "just put it there," and pointed to the counter ledge in front of him.  After the list had been sitting there while he was still busy making other rolls (and more orders were coming in with him taking those orders without looking at mine), I finally shouted out to Tots' if it would be best that I hand him my order since he already knew my food allergies.  The surly chef, without looking at me, took my order slip and handed it to Tots and told him to take it.  Very rude and unprofessional.  (I'm definitely going to have to speak to the owner/manager next time I go back.)   Don't know why Yelp won't let me update my reviews here, so that I can downgrade the rating to reflect the poor customer service skills of this particular chef.  Otherwise, I'm happy with a venue that is very accomodating to their guests who suffer from food allergies! ---(Four-star rating for this entry...)Thursday's (4/09) dinner consisted of miso soup (complimentary if sitting at the sushi counter) and veggie tempura ($3) off of the happy hour menu; the Lobster Dynamite off of the regular menu; and Thursday night's special, the Spiny Caterpillar.I'm finding that the more I try their miso soup, the less I like it; Soup was very salty, and I probably left about 2/3 untouched.  Veggie tempura, which we specially ordered to consist only of zucchini and sweet potato was good, but the potato needs to be cooked a little longer.  The spider roll was OK, but it couldn't compete with the dinner special, the Spiny Caterpillar.  Usually consisting of soft-shelled crab, crabmeat, avocado, and cucumber rolled in rice wrapped with nori paper and then topped with unagi (eel), I ordered ours with asparagus and taking the place of avocado and cucumber.  The Lobster Dynamite was the hit of the night, however; the usual california roll (though ours had substitutions), rolled in crispy panko, then topped with baked lobster with spicy cream sauce!!  We savored every delicious morsel!!  As usual, I always forget to take pics when Mom is around, so forgive the pics included.A couple of young men nearby had two identical dishes that looked so enticing that I had to be nosy and ask them what they were called.  One immediatly said "Krazy Maki, and it is awesome!"  Mom and I decided right then and there that we were going to order that the next time we came in.
4	Excellent happy hour! Great selection of vegetarian items! I recommend the Krisp Greens roll, it has lettuce along with asparagus, avocado and carrot. They top it with a vinaigrette that makes the roll taste like salad sushi. It's light and delicious. I was also impressed with the amount of avocado they put in my roll, no skimping on the fillings! Cheap, yummy vegetarian sushi!
3	Sushi 101 is hit or miss.  I've had really good meals and then I have had some not so fresh meals.  I keep going back because the Happy Hour is cheap, drinks and sushi.  Try the sweet potato roll.
2	This is the McDonald's of Sushi... cheap, clean and efficient but pretty blah food. I can see people giving it a star higher for their happy hour deals, etc. but if talking about the quality of the main focus - the food - it's 2 star. Tuna roll - overwhelming vinegar taste. Not sure if this was the fish or rice. It made me question the freshness. Spicy scallops looked like cream corn and tasted like mayo + sriracha sauce. The rice and nori were bone dry - so much so that I separated them and only ate the scallop part. Salmon skin rolls - The grilled skin should have been the star but got muddled with crab meat and other fillings in a very skinny roll. And these were pretty basic selections - not the fancy rolls with 32 ingredients. That said, they weren't awful - but simply nothing memorable. It's similar to RA or Kona - an inviting space, good happy hour deals, etc. But if you want good fare, check out the higher rated places around town where the food is the star.
3	In Short: Average Sushi, not much imagination, but the happy hour is awesome.I probably wouldn't go here on a regular basis if the happy hour isn't so good.  The location is pretty nice as well, conveniently located around the heart of tempe, and pretty close to ASU as well.  The interior is decorated "asian" style but it has some quirkiness to it as well.  There are two main areas to dine, one is by bar and the other is the main dining hall.  The staff is pretty nice too, mostly college kids.  It's your average sushi place, you got various types of maki, then a decent collection of nagiri, but not a lot of variation in sashimi.  I find most of the maki to have too much rice, and it's packed pretty hard, making it a bit too glutenous.  There are o specialty "wow" items on the menu, just the basics.  What makes this place decent is the happy hour.  Not every item is in it but it's pretty comprehensive.  Most of the items are a few dollars off and some of them even half price.  Five dollar saki bommers are the real star here.  I'd recommend this place for happy hour but as for the sushi it is sub-par.
2	Usually sushi restaurants, that know they have bellow average nigiri, make up for it by having unique and tasty rolls. This place fails on both counts....Nigiri: Fish was stale. Almost like it was frozen just a few minutes ago, so there was almost no taste. The rice was disgusting.Rolls: We didn't finish most of the rolls. Not because there was too much food, but because it was hard keeping it down.Why two stars? Well the service was great, as were their miso soup and green tea. So if you want some tasty miso with tea.... this is your place.My friend from Arizona begged me not to give them a bad review, because he comes here a lot. This is the best I can do.... I was seriously going to write something a lot worse.
3	Went to this place for a nice Saturday Happy hour.... Saturday Happy hour made it all worthwhile.  and yes the happy hour was nicely priced. My server seemed a little forgetful, not bringing my beer glass, forgetting my sake, etc., but she was sweet. Sitting at the sushi bar was nice because I got to chat to the young japanese sushi chefs. Very pleasant conversation as I caught my buzz, I must say. I had just a basic albacore nigiri and a philly roll, nothing to write home about. Place seemed a bit crowded, probably for the football game, but after my bomber I was enjoying myself. Overall, the sushi ain't that wonderful, but its a fun place to catch a buzz and get some basics.
3	I use to frequent this place all the time about a year or so ago. The only reason I stopped is because their sushi chefs either didn't care anymore or just didn't know what they were doing. No I am not a sushi snob but when your roll starts to fall apart on you as soon as you pick it up with your chopsticks, not a good sign. Like I said, I was a regular for awhile but something changed. I have been back maybe twice since last summer and its has been ok but just not the same. The owner is a sweetheart though.
4	I am always very satisfied with all aspects of my dining experience at Sushi 101. The sushi itself is very good. The rolls are always tight. The nigiri are always fresh, generous portions (spicy scallop...omg).The service is always fantastic. Who I am assuming is the owner (she looks the part if you know what I mean) is always up front to greet with a big smile. The servers and managers are very attentive and nice, also. The happy hour prices are amazing! I usually sit down (with Georgeann G.) to a meal of three rolls, four nigiri, and an appetizer and the bill is always a reasonable amount (usually around twenty each with tip). If you were to go in and keep it to one roll and one nigiri you could easily spend less than ten dollars.The scenery is always great too. There's a really great vibe about this restaurant with all the young college life around in the heart of ASU. I'm a big fan and I'm sure most would be... definitely a great place to check out.
4	I'm from California originally and I must say we have some really good, really well priced sushi there. When I came to Tempe I was looking for something similar and I found Sushi 101. Their sushi and other foods are very tasty and are always of good quality. Their yakitori and gyzo are delicious, as is the squid karrage, and my favorite sushi rolls are the shrimp tempura, sakura, and the spicy salmon.  However when eating there the tables and space alway seem a little cramped but the atmosphere is nice for a dinner with friends. Also, the food can be pricey unless you go during happy hour (4-7) during which the prices are way reasonable. They also have good drink specials which include $5 sake bombs (with a 22 oz Kirin) and some beers that are $2.50-$3. However, the service can be quite slow, I've gone a few times where each person was getting one roll at a time and all at different times, so some people were done with their whole meal before some people had even received their first roll (even though everyone ordered at the same time). Sometimes the service is really fast but you just never know how it's going to be.
1	Exactly what to expect when going to a sushi place near a college campus.  Average food, average service, rude employees, high prices.I ordered a seaweed salad, medium sashimi combo, and an iced tea.  The salad was OK, nothing special, but the damn thing was $5.50.  The sashimi was mealy and soft.  For $20.00, I expect a lot more.  The sushi chefs are, without a question, the rudest ones I've ever experienced anywhere.  You shouldn't have children interfacing with the public, even if they can use a sushi knife.
2	This is more a remedial course in Sushi, rather than Sushi 101.  After visiting Sushi 101 three or four times, I have decided to never return.  It is not that this is a terrible restaurant, it is not, but considering the large number of other sushi restaurants in the area, there is no reason to go back.Basic problems: 1) Service: It has always been slow and disorganized (i.e. getting seated and not being approached by a server for 15 minutes, always shorthanded) 2) Uninspired food: bland and not especially fresh in taste (their wasabi has little-to-no-kick)  3) Ambience and Smell:  I know that this might seem petty, but there is nothing worse than eating in a place that specializes in preparing fish, and all you can smell is old fish.
1	Read this carefully:They have a POLICY to STEAL your MONEY.Mangers are telling waitstaff to "round checks up" - so when you get your bill of $8.65 and give them a $20, you will get back $11 and no change. Sure a disappearing $ .45 doesn't seem like a big deal, but it is when it is your money. Then the waiter tells you that his boss told him, and other waitstaff told him that's "the way it's done." This happened to me not 20 minutes ago.Stealing. Policy. Illegal.(never mind the mediocre food....)
4	I don't know good sushi. I like happy hour. I like Sake Bombers. I am fully aware that I live in a desert and sushi would be so much better if I lived by a body of water. That being said, I've never had a bad experience at Sushi 101 and I've been here a LOT.  I used to work at a sushi bar with an absolutely insane owner. Contrary to the norm, sushi is the one food that you actually crave more of when you spend more time around it. When I worked at a bagel place, I didn't want to look at a bagel for years afterward. When I was working at this sushi place, I became some kind of sushi fiend. I wanted it ALL THE TIME.  However, as previously noted, the owner was a crazy person. He fired me twice, only to call hours later asking why I wasn't at work because it was getting busy. He constantly yelled at employees and accused everyone of stealing. We had the turnover of a Whitechapel whorehouse. Needless to say, this did not lead to me wanting to be at my job more often than absolutely necessary to pay my bills (and feed my new found sushi addiction).  So, I would go to work, make money, crave sushi, and then head to Sushi 101 for my fix.As I've mentioned several times, I have no shame in my love for happy hour. If a restaurant has happy hour every day of the week, it would have to suck pretty hard for me to give it any lower than 4 stars. Sushi 101 has great happy hour specials on drinks, apps, rolls, and nigiri 7 days a week. Coda B. and I can usually have an all-out feast here for less than $50 (and we can put down some sushi).The food is always good. Even though I don't know what good sushi is. It's all good to me, which means it must really all be bad, and I'm just not cool enough to have had the actual good sushi. Though I have had sushi in New York and LA and San Diego and at several very nice restaurants elsewhere. That was good too. But I'm not one to turn my nose up at salmon nigiri just because it only cost $2.50 and I ate it in a desert. BTW, their salmon nigiri is really really good. We almost always have to order more. And it's $2.50 and you don't have to drive to an ocean to get it. Which makes it even better.The staff is full of ASU students, which should be expected given the location. They can get overwhelmed, but I'm a real easy customer when it comes to sushi so I've never had a problem with it. Those 22 oz beers keep me occupied for a while. The owner doesn't appear to verbally berate and/or fire-bomb (I made up that word, it's where you fire someone out of nowhere, preferably mid-shift) employees for no reason, so that's definitely a plus in my book as well.Go during happy hour. It's a great value for good times and good sushi (even though I don't know what good sushi is).
1	No.No.No.I've had it with this place. I gave it several tries, I even tried to convince myself that it wasn't THAT bad, but it is!- The sushi is TOO small. Really? It looks like a child's version of sushi. My god, it would take eight rolls to fill me.For the same price, I'll keep going to the one restaurant at tempe martkeplace. I'll take pretentiousness and overdone japanese furniture over crappy sushi anyday. Sigh. I wanted to like you, Sushi 101. But you're like that boy I dumped in the 10th grade who talked a lot of talk but ended up being a total bore.
3	I go there when they have their specials going on..they are a little pricey, a little bland...but its close to my location so I can't complain. I've had better, so they would be average.
2	another sushi outing...I have been going every 2 weeks with a group and am really enjoying trying new places.  Sushi 101 was a borderline experience.  We had a group of about 20, and ate in the bar where there was only the bartender, Liza.  She was awesome & did the best she could tending the bar, serving our group and another group of about 5 or 6.  I was disappointed nobody came to her aid.  Perhaps that's why it took one hour and 15 minutes to get an order of nigiri.  We odered rolls at the same time and they came out promptly...and were quite good.  Krazy Maki which is basically a vegas roll with special topping was very good as was the Calamari Roll.  I give the food 3-4 stars and the service 1 star, overall average 2.
1	Wow this place has gone down hill big time. Used to be that the sushi was ok for a quick sushi fix but now it is barely passable as sushi not nasty old fish. I came in and ordered the sushi combo (6 assorted nigiri and a Cali roll) I asked to switch to a spicy tuna not the Cali roll and was told there was an upcharge on the already $16 combo but whatever it's what I wanted and all the good specialty rolls were over priced. Also most places charge for changing combos and it was only $1 so nothing to hefty. The charge did include miso soup and a small salad. It was all bad. The miso soup was way to grainy even when well stirred. The salad was bland except for the taste of bad tomato. The spicy tuna didn't taste anywhere near fresh or right. All the nigiri was just off on taste especially the eel which tasted like dirty water from a hose. And the salmon which was just bad. Another piece was chewy and hard to get down. Even the shrimp piece tasted old. I will never come back here again. What used to be a close to campus option has sadly been beat out in taste and price by the sushi to go place in the Memorial Union on campus. Save yourself some money an bad taste and go to cafe wasabi, sake bomber or ra if you need sushi around here.
1	I am usually very easy to please at restaurants, and have been eating sushi for a while now. I have had some funky food service in my day but this place kinda takes the cake. I would advise you to stay away from the combo meals and special sushi rolls. We ordered the Godzilla roll today and got 8 bite-sized rolls of cucumber, spicy tuna, and cream cheese. I have had the same but better roll from Safeway, except i payed 10 bucks for it at sushi 101. my girlfriend had chicken katsu, it was chicken nuggets and bbq sauce basically. Dont get me wrong i love asian food and eat lots of take out Chinese, it takes a lot to get me heated. My entree was the spicy chicken lunch combo which consisted of what tasted and looked like chopped cabbage and just a little shredded chicked stir fried in soy sauce, bland miso soup, and hard rice. my buddy payed 12 dollars for the soup and a sushi roll smaller and simpler than mine. I think I'l stick with stingray or crazy fish, this place was just all around bad news from the get go, and i would never go back, it was like a blind German drunk man with one arm cooked our food on the fly. the local scary chinese take out around the corner from my house has better food by at least ten fold. Also, our server checked on us once and we had to track her down three times while we ate, i dont understand how they are still in business, now i am 40 bucks out and still hungry.
3	If you don't go during happy hour its pretty overpriced. The bento box was a good deal though. California rolls, chicken teriyaki, rice, corn, and a salad for $7. Everything was okay. Definitely not the best sushi I have ever had, but not the worst either. In the long run, its close to my apartment so, if I do have a sushi craving, I'll probably be returning but I'll probably wait until happy hour.
4	When I first saw the sign for Sushi101, I was skeptical.  I thought, "this is WAY too close to ASU to be anything good.  With a name like Sushi 101, there is no way this is going to be legit".Bottom line, I was wrong.  They pretty much always have happy hour and it's really really good.  While I have not tried all of their specialty rolls, I especially love their Vegas roll and their Red Dragon roll as well.The only thing I don't really like is that the service can get really slow for no reason.  I was in there about 2 weeks ago and it took FOREVER to get our last roll.  Our server brought over a Vegas roll (which we hadn't ordered that time) twice and kept forgetting that we hadn't ordered it.  While we weren't in a hurry, it was just a little frustrating to have to wait about 15 minutes for one roll.Overall, I definitely like this place a lot; I just can't say I would go there if I was in a hurry to get some good sushi then go.  For the happy hour prices and location, definitely worth it if you live down in Tempe and want to get some respectable sushi!
4	I always go during happy hour (which they have every day) and the prices on rolls are pretty good, cheaper than other places I've been (Sushi Eye, Pan Asia etc). The yellowtail sashimi is good and I've liked all the rolls I've tried there except the baked salmon roll (which my husband loves) I usually get a philly roll, golden gate roll and the calimari roll. I won't say it's the best sushi I've ever had, but it's certainly not the worst.  The service is usually sub-par. ASU students who don't really care whether you've been waiting 15 min for a refill, but what can you expect?Overall I would say it's worth it as long as you go during happy hour!
1	Do not get the buckwheat noodles here.So not authentic and a lot of the stuff doesn't taste good.Spend your money somewhere else.
4	Great great sushi for a decent price. This is our go-to place for Sushi. We actually like this better than Ra Sushi. I don't know about the rest of the menu, but if you want good, cheap sushi. This is your place.
5	I've been a regular here for a few years now. Just about everything has a happy hr. price and the sushi is good. The music ambiance is good and not overly loud, like Ra, where I can't hear myself think. Great spot for sushi once or twice a week.I like Monkey Brain roll, Roll 101, Alaskan roll, Spider roll, Spicy Salmon Hand roll and Seafood Dynamite & Baked Mussels appetizers. I like to try the daily special roll if it piques my interest.
4	Nice place!  Sushi is good for Tempe crowed and the price you pay!!! They were very friendly and we enjoyed the food. I will be back soon.
1	These douche bags made us pay our bill TWICE on Sat. night!!!!!!!!  We left $60 on our bill on the front COUNTER in front of the MANAGER & they came up to us after we left & were waiting to cross the street out front, saying we hadn't paid our bill!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Complete douche bags, awful experience & obviously we will never be going back!!!!!!!!!!!!!I can not believe we paid over $100 for a few rolls, some undercooked edamame & "gyoza" that was just frozen potstickers!
4	Great place with a cool college vibe. The rolls are unique to the community and the service is awesome!$1.50 beers during happy hour!
4	Just about everything has a happy hr. price and the sushi is good. I came here with my best Friend and we enjoyed the food and atmosphere. Of course we came for the happy hour, the happy hour deals are great! we ordered a heart attack roll, spider roll and the sashimi albacore tuna! All REALLY good rolls, we also ordered edamame, a BIG bowl of miso soup and two Saki Bombers, all for around $25 dollars on happy hour! It was inexpensive and GOOD food! Even off happy hour they are reasonably priced! I will return again! Definitely recommended!
4	Its good sushi, the waitress is funny because she speaks Happy-Fast-Engligh-As-A-Second-Language. We go there about once every week or two
4	This was the last place on earth I expected to have the best sushi experience of my life, but it happened. The only reason it gets 4 stars is because it's not something everyone's gonna be able to duplicate.See, I like sushi without crap. No avocado, no cream cheese, no mayonnaise-based BS sauce. I like raw fish, vegetables, and the occasional citrus. I'm not going to Ra for a reason, basically. When I explained all of this to the waiter (who was hobbling around like James Caan in Misery), he told me to order the Heaven on Earth roll. I did it, sans avocado, and found a new favorite, instantly. They were also very amenable to my request for slivered onions soaked in ponzu sauce as a topping for my salmon nigiri. If you haven't tried that, btw, then do it. If you're allergic to salmon, then you did some bad shit in a past life.The squid salad seemed a little off. I don't know what it is about it, but I've definitely had better, and it's not something I think I'll be ordering again here.The Island Poki is delicious, but comes served as a salad with leaves, so I always feel bad about the waste if I'm by myself, and giving it to a date results in mixed results. Poki and lettuce shouldn't be mixed, I think.The prices are reasonable (for sushi in AZ), about $35 w/tip to a pretty waitress (yes, that makes a difference) for Salmon Nigiri, HoE roll and a hand roll of spicy tuna with hot tea.I've been for the oft-praised happy hour here, and while the price is good, the sushi is unremarkable.All in all, this place has done me right, and I know I'll be returning.
4	This place was a shocker. I suppose by now I have a certain level of expectation from mid-continental sushi and I'm ok with the quality in AZ despite the distance from aquatic life (Tempe Town Lake doesn't count). While my bar here isn't high, this place wasn't on my list of places to check out. Sushi 101 was a very pleasant surprise. Their menu is diverse enough to appeal to those that like crap in their rolls i.e. cream cheese, those that like the classics, and those that are willing to explore some kind of happiness in between - me.First of all, I was so impressed that they have more than 1 boring veggie roll. Who on earth offers 4 veggie rolls? This pleases me so. I was even more excited that one of them comes with jalapenos on top - yum! Secondly, the Sun Devil Roll is edible bliss and makes me wish I could carry around that spicy taste in my mouth for days.I've only ordered take-out so I can't really speak to the atmosphere, but I love sushi so much that the environment I eat it in doesn't matter compared to the taste. The people that work there are pretty cool and it's about 2 miles away from home. Is this the BEST sushi in AZ? Is it the cheapest? No and no. But tasty and convenient enough to make the speed dial.
2	Yeah...no. Don't give me a roll with canned salmon and pass it off as "baked salmon".  It was gross, tasted old and bad fishy. I told the waitress I didn't like it. She was nice about it and took it off the bill. The sushi chef was somewhat nice, but kept telling me that that roll was the most popular. Really...people eat that crap? It tasted like butt. He asked me to put up my plate so he could take the rolls off. I'm wondering if they were recycled. It tasted like it was already made and sat in the fridge all day anyways, so who knows. The other roll I had was ok. It just didn't taste fresh. We'll see how fresh it was or wasn't tomorrow morning.If you know what I mean.;o)
5	i cannot get enough of this place!  the sushi is sooo good and the happy hour prices are insane! The heart attack roll and krazy maki are unique and sooo tasty.  The shirts the employees where are cute "miso hungry"  Give this place a try with happy hour everyday! see ya there :)
3	We only went to this restaurant because it was late and we were hungry and had to settle for something. The rolls were okay - not fantastic and I'd definitely had better. Even the edamame wasn't done that well, only some of it was salted and the rest of it was bland. Luckily we went during happy hour and the prices were a little cheaper. I wouldn't really go back, though.
3	Middle-of-the-road sushi joint.  I'd recommend going here during happy hour so you can get decent prices.  Service was very friendly and helpful despite what many others have said.
1	Worst sushi Ive had in Arizona! The egg drop soup was old and tasted like feet. Then our sushi took almost an hour and tasted like it had been sitting the whole time. The sushi was so bad after one bite I was afraid to eat anymore for fear of getting sick. At this point I told the waitress about how bad it was and all they did was drop a bill. I will never eat there again and recommend nobody else does! Ever!
3	The sushi is average, the price is expensive if you don't go during happy hour, the food is clean and fresh, but its okay sushi...Kind of spendy if you came on a sunday at 1pm...happy hour is m-f only around 3pm to 7pm, and 9pm till close...somthing like that dont quote me on it....
3	Not the greatest sushi place in town, but the happy hour makes it all worthwhile.  The food is good.  Nothing mindblowing, but you can get a nice meal here.  Cheap beers, reasonable rolls, just okay service.  It is practically on campus, so if you are a grown up, it might not be the place for you.I like it well enough to have eaten here a dozen or so times in the past five years.  I always visited at happy hour, and have never had a bad experience like other reviews mention.At a middle of the road place like this, I stick to standards:Yellowtail Rolls (spicy or not, you pick)Salmon rollsShrimp tempura rollsWhy mess around with anything more complicated than that?
2	This place has the worst atmosphere on the planet, it is neither romantic nor relaxed. The could use music, better lighting, and better service. All together I give this place a 2 because the only thing that made the experience somewhat worthwhile was the fact that so many people were there and so it made it easy to start a conversation. My server and food came cold and the drinks although cheap took forever to get.
4	Very good sushi! The Vegas roll and golden state roll were the best!  I would recommend this place, just be careful what sushi you order because a few roles come with only 5 pieces and are sorta expensive. Oh and if you want a tasty spicy roll get the Tiger's Eye Roll. I could keep naming rolls but you get the idea!
4	This place should never get a bad rap. Happy hour 4-7 and then 9-close is ridiculous.  Most of the rolls will be in the $4-6 range with the specials around $8.The quality is excellent and sake bombs are $5.Service is the only complaint, the turnover rate at this place is crazy.  I see 5 new faces every time I go in there.
4	I love this place.While I do not crave sushi as much as some (my girlfriend), when we are in the mood for it we head here.  There are great deals during happy hour and they have a great selection to choose from.  It has never been packed when we go which is nice because we can relax and enjoy the atmosphere.  We are always on the lookout for great sushi places but 101 is definitely a good default.  You can also sign up for emails on their website and they will send you coupons on occasion.
2	The Good: During happy hour (which ends at 7pm) the prices on most sushi are quite reasonable for a restaurant so close to ASU. The quality of the dishes can vary, but I do consider their chefs experienced enough to take a first-time sushi diner here. The selection is reasonably good, though many of the unusual names will have guests double-checking the menu to see what's in an ASU roll or a Wildcat roll.The Bad: Consistency is NOT common here. I've had evenings where I was promptly seated by a smiling waitress and served delicious sushi within 10 minutes of ordering. I've also been seated and had to ask for service after waiting 15 minutes for a server to stop at my table (during a moderately busy night). During non-happy hour service the menu is considerably overpriced given the quality of the food, service, and dining experience.The Ugly: The waitstaff are 70% inexperienced while 30% actually know what they're doing. After a poor dining experience I asked the waiter if he could do something to help make it right and was initially given a surly response. He did not offer a solution so I suggested waiving the charge on my appetizer (given that I'd waited so long for service after being seated). The manager did waive my $4 chicken karaage which I felt was appropriate given the poor service and disappointing quality of said appetizer. If you go:  Go during happy hour or prepare to be overcharged. I strongly recommend trying the seared salmon nigiri and the sweet potato roll. Of my several visits there those have been 2 stand-out experiences in a selection of good, but not great, sushi.
4	I am a big fan of Sushi 101 for happy hour.  Where else can I get $2.50 well screwdrivers and a Philly Roll for $3.50?  And happy hour every day?  Yes please.Is the sushi the best around? Nah.  Are their regular menu prices that great? Meh.  Is the service good?  Usually.  Am I in love with their happy hour? YES.I love sitting at the sushi bar and chatting with the guys making my yummy food.  They are always friendly and good for conversation. I recently hosted a Meetup event here and everyone had a great time.  We had about 20 people on the patio.  Service was great and they were very accomodating.  I'm in love with the Godzilla Roll!
4	The sushi was excellent, and has a fun and inventive atmosphere.
3	I went here Saturday night for happy hour.... it was good, but not great. I had the gyoza, a small ginger salad, and a green roll (?). The gyoza were the typical frozen like gyoza.... they tasted fine, but nothing mind blowing. The salad was underdressed, but not bad. The roll was interesting, it had asparagus, avocado, pickled ginger, some other veggies, and had a green vinaigrette on top. I liked that it was vegetarian, and I thought it tasted alright, but not wonderful. It all was fairly cheap, however, so I would probably come back for happy hour.
3	I have always gone during happy hour, and the prices are amazing. The sushi is ok nothing great about it..the rice can be a little mushy :/ Also the service sucks, our server was no whee to be seen when we needed refils, chopsticks, to go boxes. nothing. I did however like the pomegranatini they have oh my it is delicious!
4	Every time I have eaten here, it has either been during the lunch specials or during the start of happy hour. Of most of the sushi restaurants I have been to, this place has one of the best happy hours so you can afford to try new items without breaking the bank. I have always had the same server who was very kind and served us well, but most importantly, I have always felt comfortable. Whenever I go to a restaurant, I have realistic expectations of how quickly food should be prepared and served. Sometimes this restaurant can serve you your order within minutes, and sometimes it takes a little longer. However, I am always very patient and whenever I go out, I like to relax as part of the restaurant experience. Therefore, the inconsistent serving time has never been a problem for me. Sometimes the wait to be seated can be long, so make sure to check this place out during slower business hours.
2	The first time I went to Sushi 101 was probably almost 6 years ago, so I dont remember the experience.  The second time I went to Sushi 101 I will not forget my unenjoyable service!The waitress we had seemed exhausted and like she did not want to be there.  While we were rushing to get our order in before Happy Hour ended, she seemed overwhelmed.  We had already knew what we wanted, made the order clear and concise, but she seemed irritated to have to hurry.The biggest issue my party and I had while there was that, after a problem wtih my order (she ordered the wrong roll), she ignored our table for the rest of the time we were there until my new order came out!  When I told her my order was not correct, she made it clear that she would have to pay for the mistake--I'm sorry it is coming out of your paycheck, but you made the mistake in the system!  She did not refill our drinks the entire time we were there, and made me feel as though the mistake was my fault.All she could do was split the price of the roll that I had not wanted, which I dont understand why a restaurant would have that policy, instead of just clearing it from my tab.I dont think I will return to Sushi 101!
1	Honestly a thumbs down on service, pricing and a thumbs way WAY down on food! Even the miso soup tasted like dirty salt water. I can only imagine they are solely surviving off being located by asu and serving booze because the sushi was a full blown FAIL!
1	Congratulations Sushi 101.  You are my first one star review.  I have high standards for this category and you get to go down in my Yelp history as breaking my 1 star cherry. This is the WORST sushi I have ever had.  I would rather eat the stuff from Kyoto Bowl.  In fact, in comparison Kyoto bowl sounds rather delicious to me at the moment, that is if you didn't turn me off from sushi altogether. Happy hour schmappy hour, I can't believe people pay to eat this crap.  On top of that the service was awful.  I had a beer and finished it not half way into my time there and was never asked if I wanted another. After that I find on my bill they factored gratuity into my tip.  The only time I know this to be a common practice is for groups of 6 or more. There were five of us.  I think they have to build in the tip because they know they are awful and wouldn't make any money otherwise.College kids, I know you don't have much money but trust me, there are plenty of decent or even great sushi places out there that offer amazing HH deals. I cringe to think of how many kids will have their first sushi experience here and will never know how truly delicious and amazing sushi actually is.
4	Gotta be the most affordable sushi happy hour prices in all of Phoenix. Really great sushi, really great service!
1	I hate to say it, but seriously? You're going to have kids learn how to make sushi and send that to customers? It was horrible. Uneven pieces and falling apart--I paid for that. I can't believe I paid for that. The miso was nasty as well. Too many onions and the seaweed used in the soup was nasty. I'm always up for miso soup, but I will never eat anything like what they put in front of me ever again.Plus, the service sucked. I'm sorry that I came in a weird hour (right about 2:30 pm), but why take a table if you are not going to stay for them? I have to say though, that I am kind of grateful that we ended up with a different server. The second one was actually nice--but couldn't even pronounce the words correctly. To top it off, they wear shirts that say "Miso Hungry," but one guy was walking around without the "ry" attached so it stated, "Miso Hung." Yeah. I'm never going here ever again.
5	Great food with a variety of fun rolls and an awesome selection. Happy Hour is Awesome!!!
2	I was driving by and decided to stop in for a quick happy hour dinner. Service was typical college girls (um... like duh...) Ambiance is nice, besides the fact that I was surrounded by less then average intelligence college kids. Sushi SUCKED. I ordered the spider roll (really bad), Alaska (tasteless) and a glass of house Chardonnay. If it were not for the ok wine and ambiance, this place would have received 1 star. Oh, and the parking sucks too. The spots were pretty small, I was totally expecting a ding on my door. Thank goodness I beat both lot neighbors out.
1	Loved this place up until tonight. If you want great service, or even if you'll settle for mediocre service, DO NOT go here. Our server had a rude, inappropriate sarcastic attitude the whole time...well, up until he noticed how pissed we were. It started out with him spilling water all over our table, this happens, i understand. However he waited until we had started to clean it up ourselves, and finished up the job to say, "oh hey let me get a rag for that." Next I ordered the miso soup, did i ever get it? No, i did not. When my sushi was out i told him to cancel the soup and he patted my head and told me to shush. REALLY!!? Once i said "excuse me...?" he got the hint to act correctly and started to be accommodating. We continued our meals with unpleasant attitudes. We will not go back there again. We discussed this with the manager and all he said was "oh, well I'm sorry about that." Thanks pal, that sure means a lot. I am entirely disappointed and wouldn't suggest this location to anyone.
5	Excellent reverse happy hour (9-close).  Our server, Josh, was awesome.  We needed to split the check between our party and he was more than helpful with that.  The quality of the fish is excellent.
3	I like Sushi 101 alot. They have an awesome HH with really cheap prices on all the rolls and drinks! I love the Sweet Potato Roll and the cucumber salad. It can get a little loud in there with all the college kids. You can't beat  the Sake Bombers for $5!!!
2	I went to this place to kill some time one day and sat at the bar.  The ambiance is kind of "dingy" for a sushi bar, which for me is a real turn off.  When I am eating raw fish, I want the place to FEEL clean (and of course actually be clean as well).  I wasnt very impressed by the service the bartender provided either during what was a slow time of the day.  Overall, I would say you are better off hitting up some of the other nearby sushi place if you have the craving.
2	Perhaps because this is close to ASU they think no one will notice the quality of sushi. Because students run in and out or do take out perhaps no one bothers to say anything. But the reality is for people that enjoy good fish, soft rice and dont mind spending the extra few $$ for quality this is not the place for you. I always think of this place as "fast food sushi"..It comes out fast but I ALWAYS feel something is either missing or wrong. If I am in the area and with friends and they want a low cost sushi experience I will go but then I do simple rolls that are harder to screw up. Not the worst, not the best..but maybe just right for the students that visit the most.ps. I dont live close so I dont go for happy hour. This review is based on non happy hour service. From reviews it is clear they put a lot of effort into alcohol and happy hour. Perhaps after 2-3 drinks the fish tastes better or the price makes it worth while to come back.
4	A couple friends and i came here to pregame and grub before going out. Best idea ever!!! The happy hour was insanely cheap, 1.50 budlight draft, 5.50 sakebombers?! they even have a reverse happy hour starting at 9! The sushi took a bit long to come out but its understandable since it was SO packed in there!
5	This place is one of my favorites!  The heart attack roll is the best!  Very affordable and fresh.
4	This place has a great happy hour. The  drinks and rolls are very inexpensive and are pretty good.
5	Ordered the spicy edemame and some bento boxes at lunch. Excellent place all around with a good location and really good service. I highly recommend the spicy edemame. Did I mention the spicy edemame?
5	Best happy hour sushi prices I've seen.They have happy hour that ends at 7pm, and then again starting at 9pm.Sushi is very good. Never been sick here from it. Been here over many years, would like to go more often but hard to find people.Servers are often really good here.
2	The sushi was decent, not great, but definitely not worth the hour wait to have it brought after I placed my order. To make things worse, individual dishes were brought to our group with very long intervals in between, so some members of our group had finished eating long before others got what they ordered.  Happy hour prices (which were not all that low) were not much of a redeeming factor for the sorry experience of a meal I had here.
1	Service piss poor, food middling. Waited 45 minutes for food to be served, on a quiet afternoon. Party of one, but they added 18% gratuity without consultation. Dingy atmosphere, not appetizing when you're ordering raw fish. Whoever prepares their fake salmon needs to revise their recipe (Oh, that's supposed to be real salmon? Not a chance in hell)--they've clearly never tasted the real thing. Don't waste your time or money here.
2	Been there previously and had their combination sushi platters which are a good deal, and padded out with salad, tempora, etc.Been less and less happy with the place with each subsequent visit.  Way too many items have fake crabmeat (whitefish masquerading as "krab").  I despise fake food.  Leave it out altogether if the real thing is too expensive.Last time had a rainbow roll and two pieces of tuna only.  W/ beverage, bill came to $18 which is expensive for what I got.
3	Ehh, it's alright. Only go there during the happy hours. I especially love the reseverse happy hour. Otherwise I'd say it's overpriced for the quality. The service varies, sometimes excellent other times meh :(
4	*First, I have to get this off my chest. I am a consistent patron of this sushi bar, and it gets annoying seeing so many people give flack to Sushi 101. I have brought many a friend here, and it's created many sushi lovers....Believe me, I am a witness! Is it the highest quality fine grade-A sushi you will ever have? No. Can I say this is the best place for sushi, don't go anywhere else? NO! Is it an amazing and price-efficient way to learn how to sushi, and let you try things before you branch out? YES! As a foodie, a native Phoenician and a proud Sun Devil Alumni, I definitely take issue to those who cast patrons off as slack-jawed kids.*OK, I feel better. The 101 is a treat if you are a Sun Devil or even a local Tempe resident. They have all the generic types of sushi and have some of the best happy hour deals in town. I can't tell you how great it feels to know you can get a big ol' Sake Bomb with your friends and not freak out about prices. You get what you pay at happy hour, which they have two of. It allows everyone ample time to get out and enjoy their sushi at a good price. Also, one thing rarely utilized here is their lunch specials, which are amazing. I took advantage of this once, and if you think the deals at happy hour are good, their bento boxes are killer. The quality is where 101 takes its flack, and rightfully so. But for the most part besides a couple dishes (mainly spicy salmon), you should expect to have excellent tasting sushi The special rolls they make are also great, and can play to a variety of pallets.For these deals, I give it 4 stars. Its probably more deserving of 3 1/2 *'s, considering quality, but adding in the amount of daily happy hour considering other local sushi restaurants, this takes the cake. I definitely suggest you branch out besides here, we do have some great sushi bars here in AZ, but this is an awesome deal if you're in the Tempe area and want some sushi.
3	MUSIC IS TOO LOUD!!!!!!If I want to go deaf while eating sushi, I can go to Ra.  This new policy at 101 is a disappointment.But the Happy Hour is the best deal in town and 98% of the staff is incredibly courteous and sincere. So the management gets an A+ for hiring and training  . . . and a D- for letting the same (very young) staff run the stereo!!!Sorry, just annoyed that my ears are still ringing. (not kidding)
4	Great place for groups. They have a decent happy hour. The sushi is very americanized, but it tastes pretty darn good.
2	Not worth the $ or the trip if you're driving to this establishment from outside of Tempe.I won't ever go to this place unless dragged here by a friend, and most of the time I won't even order anything other than a drink or maybe an appetizer. To put it simply, this place has:A decent happy hourOkay serviceMediocre sushiJust go somewhere else.
4	This is one of the only sushi bars I go to! First off the service is normally great, aside from the female bartender that has way to many tables to stay ahead. (She is very nice but needs help in the bar area) The sushi is amazing! The sushi chefs are very talkitive and friendly and happy hour is to die for! Down side...aside from the restaurant needing a 'hip' makeover I cant think of any! Go here if you want some great sushi! Manager is very nice!
3	To sum things up: just okay. They have a good happy happy hour: good drink prices and pretty good sushi prices. The food is okay. I've only had one really bad item there (sushi with rice so undercooked it was crunchy). Most of the time things are pretty good to adequate. It's still a good place to meet for happy hour but hardly a destination worth a long drive.
4	A great sushi place for the area!! I was visiting my boyfriend and he was working for the day and I walked on over to Sushi 101. Great menu with tons of options. It was awesome sitting at the bar watching the sushi get made made it tons more entertaining. Their happy hour looks pretty awesome too, I haven't tried it but definitely will be something to try since it looks like a pretty awesome deal!
1	Worst sushi ever. I hate when sushi looks dried out right when you get it. I wouldn't eat here if you paid me and you would have to because it costs so much.
4	I seem to be having a very different experience than a lot of people. I have enjoyed the sushi, the cost is low, and the service has always been pretty prompt. Overall, after going here semi-regularly since they have opened, I have found it better than many of the more trendy places in the valley. By no means the best in the world, but pretty solid.
2	Food is sub-par/prices average. But hey, I'm from Ca.
3	There are so many good sushi places in the valley.  This place used to be a favorite but they increased the prices a little bit, so I don't go that often any more.  They have good sushi, good miso soup, decent salads, Nice drink selection, and a nice ambiance.  All and all I would say that Sushi 101 is  better than Raw, Blue Wasabi or Kona Grill.  That being said, there are a few sushi places in town that are better AKA fresher fish, better ingredients, and superior preparation.Try: Sushi Creek:  If you don't mind a drive.  Very fresh, very well done.        Mido:  Authentic little place with fast service and great prices.         Koi:  Nice place to party and have sushi with friends (has now replaced Sushi    101 in my heart)
4	This has been my go to place for sashimi, nigiri, and maki (rolls) for the last seven years.  The quality of the service has varied over the years, but it's never been terrible and the quality of the fish is good with reasonable prices. Their seaweed salad and miso soup are good, but the tempura is not as good as the Nagasaki grill.
2	This is my friend's favorite sushi place because they will make her sushi with just plain rice(not sushi rice). I tend to be a bit more of a traditional sushi lover so even though their roll list is impressive, the quality leaves something to be desired. I am not a huge fan but I have had worse. The fish is mediocre and only worth the price they are asking for when they run their happy hour. The drinks make the trip though. So if you are looking to have some drinks and a little sushi on the side, this would be a good place to go.
4	Good food, good service.. Happy hour is the best.. Saki bombs!
4	They had happy hour when we went, which was a plus. We ordered a couple of rolls from the happy hour menu (red tiger roll and the volcano roll) and the chicken yakitori. They were all good, no complaints there. Beer was cheap too. We all enjoyed our time there. They also have outdoor seating, but we opted for inside and got a big round table in the middle of the restaurant - not complaining. Does it cost to order extra wasabi? I was confused.
3	Affordable sushi and cool atmosphere. Fish is a little fishy, so I can't attest to the quality, but it hits the spot, especially when you're craving! My friend and I love getting the "Love Boat", a dinner made for two.
5	I dont know what everyone is complaining about here, There sushi is fresh and is excellent for the price during happy hour. I can order about 6 rolls for under 25 dollars. This is not by any means a world class sushi restaurant, but it is a great local restaurant serving the Tempe area. And people were complaining about service? Every time I have eaten here, my server has been great.Sushi 101 has consistent sushi, and I leave happy with a belly full of fish every time!
5	Great time at sushi101. Leant how to make Sushi rolls. Awesome fun highly recommend as fun Sunday. Thanks
2	My order was on a Sunday so adjust your opinion accordingly.I have made the order over the phone. When i stepped in to grab the order,  the restaurant stunk. To be fair, the order was ready and the employees were nice.However, when i got home, the four different rolls i tasted were bad. Again, the same stinky smell followed me home through the order. The rice was old and tasteless. I urge you to taste this place well before you have a party if you are going to use their services. Even the California roll I ordered was really bad. I never thought anyone could make that one bad.I hope it was this bad because it was on a Sunday because i am typically a happy reviewer.
4	sushi 101 was recommended by some co-workers who live in phoenix. they were right on with the recommendation. unfortunately, we missed both happy hours! but the food was still reasonably priced. i got some miso soup which was really tasty, along with the shrimp tempura. my co-worker got a few rolls and some shrimp fried rice which she really enjoyed.would definitely hit this place up again if given the opportunity!
2	My husband and I ate here twice. The first time, my husband was very pleased with his plate of albacore. Each piece was thick and tasty. Last night we gave this restaurant a second try and was not thrilled.I ordered chicken teriyaki for $8 and could not eat it. The chicken was so dry and the food was cold when it came out. To be honest, I thought the chicken was precooked and reheated/sauced to order. The rice was hard and dry as well. My husband order a plate of albacore again. The pieces were much thinner than last but he said it tasted good. He mentioned that kabuki restaurant definitely gives more for the money than sushi 101. I don't think we will be coming back. As for service, it was ok. Nothing special.
4	I've been here a few times for lunch, it's great for a nice sit-down meal that's way better and probably much healthier than McDonalds or something. The bento boxes for lunch are an amazing deal, big meal for little prices and the servers are always really friendly (the guy with the Boston accent is my fav). Great place to stop.
4	Great service!One of my favorite places to go with friends while in Tempe. Try their:Caterpillar RollVegas RollSpicy Tuna RollVegetable TempuraThey have a GREAT happy hour and great regular hour pricing as well!
4	This place is awesome! They have a killer Happy hour, amazing rolls and the Bartender Liza is the BEST, she is so sweet and helpful!! My only complaint is the hostess is pretty rude... other than that I cant wait to come back!!
1	By far the worst sushi restaurant in town. I have been there 3 times, to be fair and give it a chance to change my mind. Each time the sushi has been dull, flavorless, and completely over priced. The service is so-so, and the menu would be impressive it the sushi had any quality to it at all. I have eaten many types of  good sushi and have never been so disappointed by the quality of food. For $14.00 I expect far more than some stale crab, limp rice, and over salted dipping sauce. Unfortunately, there are far better sushi places in town, such as Stingray and Kobe Tepan. Don't waste your time or money on Sushi 101
3	I like this place, I would give it 3.5 stars, can't give it 4 so I had to pick 3.The service is good, every one is polite and usually have a smile on their faces. I like the people that work there. Some of their food is great and some as not worth what you pay for but most of their menu items are good.I definitely  LOVE their spring rolls and I think it's a MUST to try, the accompanying  sauce is just amazing.I like most of their rolls except for the new spicy octopus (dunno why they changed the way the used to make them!!) but I don't think they're only worth more than the happy-price due to the size and the use of imitation crab.I usually judge a Japanese restaurant by their yellowtail sashimi as to how close it is Nobu's, their yellowtail in my mind only scores 2.5 out of 5. Their service and some great rolls they have raised their rating to 3.I'm not a big fan of their yakitoris as it always came dry and had that taste that made me thing it was pre-cooked.Bottom-line, will I go there again? YES.
4	i love this place for it's happy sushi prices and delicious sushi. i wouldn't recommend going during not happy hour priced times because the sushi can get a bit pricy. there is a giant parking lot, so no worries there. however, the service is very hit or miss. sometimes, you'll have an extremely attentive server... but other times, you'll see them maybe 3 times the entire time you're there, and it takes about 20 minutes to get your sushi rolls and it's not busy. however, the sushi is delicious... so maybe it balances out?
2	So I'm sitting at a table at Sushi 101 after waiting 40 minutes to even get seated. While I know the food is more than desirable, the service is utterly chaotic. When first walking in, there were crowds of people with drinks and it was difficult to even find a hostess. When finally reaching one, I put our name in for a table of three. She approximates a 30 minute wait which would have allowed us to receive the Happy Hour discount which ends at 7:00 pm. When we finally got seated at 7:02 the table wasn't even set up. We waited another 2 minutes for a third chair and another 10 minutes before a waitress even came over to introduce herself and take our drink orders. And 7 minutes later we got our drinks. I understand that I shouldn't base judgement on the waitress due to the crowds, however when we finally put in our food order we were told the sushi was going to take about 30-45 minutes before even coming out. I guess I'll post another review when we get our food.
4	Been going there for years....the rolls are good, sake awesome! My favorite is the Las Vegas Roll little bit of spice!  Although good and one of my favorite sushi places, different cooks maybe...its not always consistent so your favorite dish can be a little different each time. Tip:  the Happy Hour is really good almost 1/2 the bill!
5	This was my favorite restaurant in college. We came here ALL the time. The staff was always friendly, good service, and the sushi is so good and cheap. The tofu steak is great to start with, and if you're going to skip sushi  for your meal, definitely go for the Nabe yaki udon or the miso salmon (both come with a ton of food). ALL of the 101 specials are good options, namely the vegas roll and the krazy maki. And of course sake bombs!! YUM!
5	I have been going for 8 years to this sushi place.  I now live in Laveen and drive to come out to this restaurant.The happy hour is amazing, the quality of the sushi is pretty damn good and I love the rolls. Try the mochi if you haven't and the Las Vegas roll is my favorite, even if its fried and covered in cream cheese. Just try to avoid going when the comedy club upstairs is having a show.  Zilch in terms of parking.Love it!
2	This place wasn't horrible by any means, but it wasn't "A-ok" as a 3 star review suggests. It was "meh". The sushi was ok. The service was fine. The ambiance, however, was definitely lacking. I know it can be tough to do sushi in Phoenix, but I've had way better.
5	Sushi 101 is my favorite place for SushiI have so many good memories here with friendsFrom sake bombs to rolls of sushiI always have a great time hereMy usual order consists of Rainbow Rolls, Cali Rolls, edamame, miso soup, and I just found a new favorite roll called the _____ Geisha roll... I came to a blank at the complete name but its the only one with Geisha in it :)I used to love the Golden State roll and I get it from time to timeI think I love Sushi 101 based off of the great food, good drinks, and all of the memories my friends and I have had...This one time we had sake bombs, which were super cheap like 3-4 dollars...and our bill for 3 people was 130...We had to crawl out of the place HahaPs I also love their shirts, next time you are there... giggle at the shirts....
3	Happy Hour is from 4-7 pm.... highly recommended.  Sushi is on average about 30% off and I ordered 3 main courses, plus 2 appetizers. It was delicious, and I was absolutely stuffed- obviously. Ate it all, California Rolls, Shrimp Tempura, Spring rolls, etc...Service was alright, kind of had to give her the wave whenever something was needed. Her friends were sitting at the table next to us as we heard their entire conversation pretty well. They chatted and chatted, and chatted. The price was perfect, but it was happy hour, otherwise it is quite expensive.
5	Great happy hour!
4	Best sushi for the price around Tempe!  If you want great sushi and don't want to spend a ton of money then this is the place for you.  They have the best Las Vegas roll I have ever tried, hands down.  This place isn't too fancy, but you will leave satisfied.
4	I've always been eerie of going to this spot due to its vicinity to ASU but my recent trips here haven't been all too bad-The ASU roll in particular was a fav - nigiri was alright for AZ Happy Hour prices look great but on second look are around the same ceiling as House Modern's which is better imoOur waiter also was a superstar! (Dr. in Training you know who you are~)
1	As a general rule, I avoid sushi in arizona. The fish quality is usually pretty bad and this was no exception. No one in arizona agrees with me, apparently-- we had to wait fifteen minutes for our table and another twenty for our sushi. I had the veggie roll and another roll with salmon. The salmon was mealy and bland. Also, it came covered in breadcrumbs, which I was pretty pissed about, because that wasn't mentioned on the menu and I'm gluten intolerant. My veggie roll was OK. If I come again, I'll probably get all vegetarian sushi. There were two hairs in my sushi. Not one, but two. One brown and one blonde. What on earth are they doing back there?Finally, you have to pay $2.50 for wasabi. I have never in my life seen a sushi restaurant charge for wasabi. What a rip off.
5	I can't believe I haven't written a review about this place yet! They have one of the best happy hours, in my opinion. This is always the place I go if I am craving sushi. I like to be entertained so I am usually at the sushi bar watching the sushi chefs at work drinking my huge bottle of Kirin Light. I am not a fan of the raw stuff so I go for the tempura rolls and vegetarian rolls and they are fantastic. I always order too much but can you blame me? I have never had a bad experience here. I also love the location. It is right next to the Tempe Improv and right at the corner of a major intersection. Every time I go in there, it is busy! Whenever someone asks for a sushi recommendation, this is the place I recommend.
4	I know it' s  not the fanciest sushi, but it's really great for what it is! I've never had a bad roll, and there is always great service. Their prices are reasonable, and their happy hour prices are simply the BEST. I really like the atmosphere and I feel comfortable coming here all dressed up or in a tee and yoga pants. Definitely my pick for an early dinner or late lunch in Tempe!
2	Just like Yelp says, I have experienced better.I came here late night with a friend after getting our ears pierced. Wasn't completely empty, but the staff had already begun closing up shop for the night. We were seated immediately. The waiter pretty much told us that we needed to order within the next five minutes or else the kitchen wouldn't prepare our food for us. We were there 45 minutes before the closing time. Their rolls menu is a bit confusing, because it has one side with the prices for about 50 different rolls, and on the back there is a description for only about half of them. We ordered four of the rolls that were described on the back. Ended up going with the Las Vegas roll, Shrimp Tempura roll, Caterpillar roll and Spicy Tuna roll and miso soup to start. The miso soup was very below average. It had a fishy taste, which was awkward and didn't smell pleasant. On the upside, it was steamy hot. The rolls came out about 15 minutes later and to be honest, I was not impressed at all. The Las Vegas roll was smothered in some sort of sweet orange colored sauce which was very unappetizing on top of a cream cheese, avocado, and smoked tuna deep-fried contraption. The spicy tuna roll was not cold- rather lukewarm- and was not spicy at all. The caterpillar roll was actually pretty decent, but had more avocado on top than was necessary and not enough fish inside. The tempura roll was the best out of all of them- which says a lot about the quality of their food. The tempura around the shrimp was a little soggy, and this roll was also lukewarm which was very unappetizing. The service was pretty bland, nothing special. Prices weren't bad either. We split the bill and paid about $20 bucks each, which isn't terrible for 4 rolls, 2 soups and 2 drinks. Overall, I probably won't be back in the near future. Pictures of the food are posted.
4	Their happy hour prices are very hard to beat. Perfect location next to ASU. Not to mention the sushi quality here is good. Not many places in Arizona can too 101's sushi I highly recommend this place for people who are 1) looking for good sushi, 2) looking for a good happy hour, 3) looking for great prices especially college students.
5	The food was excellent. Service fast & efficient. And the salmon sushi just melts in your mouth
3	Customer service here is awesome, my waitress was very friendly. Other than that, everything is just okay. Food here is not even better than average RA. I had sashimi, rolls and sushi. None of them impressed me. I'd rather go to Kabuki or RA. I'd give it 3 stars for the friendly staff.
4	I don't like to eat Sushi, but I went to this restaurant with my friends. They all said it is a good restaurant!
5	First time here. Saturday night and was actually not crowded at all. Got seated right away. Waitress was very very friendly and nice. The food was delivered quick and OMG was it good!! I will definitely come back again!!!  Love it!
3	I used to enjoy coming here on Monday nights for some sake bombs and a golden state roll. Since they took away the sake bomb special on Monday nights, all that's left is one good roll and inferior service.I just had to get up and get my own soy sauce and dish.One saving grace is that they play good music. Just pray a drunken driver doesn't crash into the patio.
1	just got here the server brought water and beer and then disappeared for 10 min and I don't even know when she is coming back ! Wow terrible place here!
4	I first came to Sushi 101 as a wide-eyed freshmen at ASU and have been back plenty of times since.  This is pretty much a staple place for all ASU students to go to since it's right across the street from campus.  Anyways, on with the review!The decor and ambiance of the place is pretty chill.  The place is always busy and service is usually speedy.  Try the stuffed jalapenos; wash it down with lots of eel and salmon; get some different bites of tuna in between; order the obligatory ASU and Sun Devil Rolls; never EVER forget the soft shell crab; and once you've discreetly unbuttoned the top button of your skinny jeans and kicked your feet up into your friend's lap, splurge and get some tempura ice cream because let's face it:  There's always room for fried dessert.While the quality isn't exactly the best and I wouldn't drive out of my way to stop in for a bite, I'll always have a soft spot for Sushi 101 and all the warm fuzzy [and drunken] memories attached to the place.  Also, they have a great Happy Hour menu worth checking out and their lunch specials are decent.
4	Good sushi, recommend. Parking can be a pain during rush hour because it's so close to ASU.
4	Sushi 101 has awesome spicy edamame!!
4	The Sweet potato roll is a hidden gem.
1	So I have never had a Yelp account until this past week i set myself up with one just so I can write how terrible my last experience was at sushi 101 I used to like this place I was in there bout three times out of the month and now it's all ruined. First off there was only one sever on knowing that happy hour was in a half hour so it took bout 20 minutes to take our drink order we ordered food cause if it took that long to get our drink order then better not risk it.So we finally got our two rolls to hold us up till happy hour after 15 min happy hour rolled around and we ordered two more rolls so we kept waiting for 35 min the manager comes out and says "sorry bout the wait your order must of not got rung in but it's getting g made and we will buy you dessert"so I was no worries sounds good to me.which I thought finally we get our two rolls we ordered and a quail shooter the waitress said "I think the cooks are mad cause they had to make the order"so with that being said I tell you with a honesty and truth that one of the rolls was wrong and one had a hair in it thankful that it was visible cause if I would of ate it I would of threw it upWe got the sever she got the same manager on duty that spoke to us about the dessert he came to our table I showed him the hair and note that I have a shaved head he looked at me like I was crazy he said "I'm sorry I can remake it for you and take care of your dessert"I looked at him like are your serious would you want to eat anything after you found a hair no I don't want anything to eat so he took off the two rolls and tried to charge me for the quail shooter that I did not eat I don't ask for anything I just don't come back but on this situation I thought maybe he would comp the bill but he looked at me like I was in the wrong and may I mention I was in the food and beverage for more the twelve years from busser,host,sever all the way to kitchen manager so I know great service I would not feed you anything I wouldn't myself or family and friends I didn't even want to give sushi 101 even 1 star i just won't ever go back out all places I have eaten this was the worse experience ever I made it a goal to myself to write this review even tho I never complain I just had to on this that's how bad   Sushi 101 did me so thank you for losing me a customer I used to be fond of this place and the manager there needs to work on customer service or ya just don't care
3	I love sushi and I always try to find the best place to satisfy my cravings for it. I tried this out and it was ok. The quality isn't exactly the best but it's fine. Speedy service, polite staff and sporty yet relax (the irony!) ambiance. As for the menu, I like their Shrimp Tempura, Salmon Dynamite, and Sake Sashimi. Too bad I haven't tried their happy hour thing. Looking forward to it once I'm back in AZ.
4	They have the best selection for Vegetarian Rolls I have ever seen, They are creative and unbelievably delicious! I just added Cream Cheese to the Sweet Potato roll.. and it was sooo yummy! They should think about putting that on the menu. Also they were SUPER friendly & quick to help me since I only had 1/2 hour to eat and get to Chandler. I didn't even have to tell them that... they were just very attentive without being pushy. I would recommend this place over Sting Ray & RA in Scottsdale. The only drawback is their location. They should have either more locations... One in old town or in North Scottsdale would be awesome!
4	Sushi 101! Back on the east coast, this was one of my fave sushi spots to hit. I found this one after a brutal MBA exam recently...I'd had nothing to eat all day (bad idea when you have a three-hour exam) and the Yelp app asked me if I wanted to check in at Sushi 101. Why, oh my goodness, I'd LOVE to check in at Sushi 101! This was around 4 p.m. on Friday, and the place had a fair number of people in it for that time of day, although it wasn't crowded. Since I was alone the hostess seated me at the bar (which I love in a sushi restaurant). I chose the Monkey Brains and the Krazy Maki rolls. That's A LOT of sushi, m' friends. But I ate all of it (remember, I was dumb enough to take a grad school exam on an empty stomach). Both of these happened to be deep fried, but they had cream cheese--which is my weakness when it comes to sushi. I would have liked to see more sushi rolls with cream cheese, but my guess is that could be added to any roll. They have a regular menu which features appetizers, bento specials, soups and salads, other entrees, and noodles. But it's sushi for this chick... This location is in the group of stores on the NEC of Rural and University Dr in Tempe, just south of the 202. The bar seating is nice. Check the board on the wall for daily specials, and hey--they also offer sushi-making classes! Bonus: The receipts give you the tip calculations automatically, and they also say "May the force be with you." I'm a fan!
2	This is the one of the first sushi places I've been to in Tempe & I can say that I left knowing I wouldn't return. The sushi and chicken yakitori I ordered were good but the service was anything but that. The host didn't acknowledge my group for at least five minutes. We were seated at the patio upon request but were left out there isolated from any type of service. Our waiter would disappear & left us for 20 mins after giving our bill. Not to mention we had to wait 40 mins for three rolls of sushi. Womp, sushi 101 was a no go.
1	Sushi 101 was a favorite of mine but it has become completely overpriced! Their sushi happy hour special are just a $1 off. Like really? I was shocked when I saw this because I do not remember it being like that. Most of their worthy rolls are $10-$12 DURING happy hour!Let's just do the math for this. You buy a roll that's $11 that contains 8 pieces of sushi, that's about $1.37 per piece! And for this price it's definitely not worth it since it's not like it tastes amazing or anything. Next time I'm at ASU and I'm craving sushi, I'll just go somewhere else.
4	I am a fan of this place! good happy hour and great sushi always sounds like a good idea to me!! Try the Sun Devil role  They also have reverse happy hour on sushi and drinks as well
2	Ok first of all, if you order a side of eel sauce they will give you a side of teriyaki sauce... We asked the waitress why she gave us the teriyaki sauce when we asked for eel sauce and she said that's what they always do... Obviously to save money because they're so cheap!!! All of their speciality rolls have spicy tuna in them.. Because again they're cheap. The saki bombs all come out in plastic cups... Again because they're cheap. If you want some nice sushi, stay away from this place. All you get here is cheap cheap cheap for pretty expensive rolls and drinks.
2	This place is not worth the money or craving of sushi. If you ask for eel sauce they will give you teriyaki sauce!! I asked our waiter why she gave me teriyaki sauce and she said that's what the chefs do and people don't usually notice. What sushi place can't give you a real side of eel sauce?! So over this place. They used to be good but it seems like they'd rather save money than customers.
5	We come here on Mondays all the time because they have saki bombs all night for $3.75 if you sit at the bar. The service is always awesome. Chelsea is always super nice. Food is fast and cheap on happy hour.
4	Yum. Fan of Sushi 101, especially since it is right down the street form where I live. BEWARE of the Blue Ocean (cocktail).
4	Great happy hour specials. Tasty sushi. And Chelsea (bartender) was VERY pleasant and accommodating. :-)
5	Love coming here for the seaweed salad and sweet potato tempura roll. Great happy hour prices and close to campus. The wait is never long for a table and its definitely worth checking out.
5	Had a wonderful sushi boat! We were here with six people and upon request they served it on a sushi boat! It was beautiful AND delicious!
2	This was my first time here and my last the manager was extremely nice, very attentive and so helpful but our waitress Liz was not she kept passing us to help a table of all guys and never came to ask us how things were until after the manager removed our plates and asked if we wanted dessert and to top it off after she gave us our check she kept coming back over and over again ... I have never been rushed to pay a check she was at our table more times to see if we were ready to pay then to ask us how things were and if we needed nothing else. The food was great and again the manager was awesome but the waitress Liz made it an unpleasant and unwelcoming experience this will definitely not be a regular Tuesday happy hour place with the bestie
1	NEVER AGAIN! My bestie Monica just wrote a review but I must say something about this place! I left very unhappy. Liz, our waitress needs to chill and wait until the customers is ready to pay!! She kept coming over and over again to collect the check and we weren't even ready to hand it to her. She ignored us the whole time we were there but was quick to get that check paid. I felt so uncomfortable. The manager was awesome though but still not enough to get me back in that place. On to the next...
4	I like going here during happy hour and scoring a good deal on some grub. I got the Dragon rolls and California rolls and they were delicious. Beer was priced fair also. Good atmosphere as it is a nice place. Check it out.
3	Being that it's downstairs from the Tempe Improv, I eat here a LOT. I usually get there during happy hour, which is really great if you love sushi and need to have at least 4 different kinds in front of you. The staff is always friendly (and cute!) and ready to answer any questions about the menu. Our drinks were constantly filled throughout the meal, too. Everything came out pretty quickly (we waited less than ten minutes for food).It's Americanized sushi. Anyone who sees "bar and grill" should know that and not expect to be blown away. It's great food. It's fresh. There's a great variety. It's not Jiro making it.
4	Haven't been here for a while. Love this place! Has a great menu of rolls you don't see other places. The staff is super friendly, the manager actually engaged in conversation with us. The sushi chefs make great food!
5	First time here. The sushi chiefs seem knowledgable. They do not have escolar. But every thing I ordered was delish.
5	What can I say that hasn't been said...the food is good, the staff is friendly and courteous...the place is clean and its decent priced. ill be returning.
2	Eaten here a few times with groups and have never been real happy with it. Service has been terrible every time--they forget to bring things out that I've asked for, fill my green tea up with black tea when it's halfway down, and pick the tip up while I'm still at the table. All that has happened to me multiple times there. Just negligence. None of it is that awful, but there are so many better places for sushi, so why bother with this place? Also, their rice is almost always too dry. They never taste fresh, don't have anything original, and the service is bad. Seriously--why bother. Go to kabuki, sushi time, or Sakana. Just a few options that are worlds better than this place and within 5 miles.
5	My favorite sushi place...ever! The moonwalk roll here is the best I have ever tasted. I love that they have happy hour, and the prices are amazing.
5	Overall amazing experience! Came in and sat down feeling very welcome. Colton the bar tender killed it. Great guy, great conversation, great suggestion, great service. Sake bombs were 3.75 which was a gamechanger and awesome!!! Always have a great time here and would recommend it to everyone.
4	Go for the Heart Attack and the Gayoza Pot Stickers.Love the place.  Pricing is fair, sushi is good (both raw and imitation) and most importantly, the place is clean.  Great vibe all around.
3	I've been coming here since I was a freshman at ASU and it's always been a great place to grab cheap sushi with a group of friends. The rice is usually pretty dry, but the seafood is pretty fresh - in this instance, I think the appropriate phrase is 'you get what you pay for'. The proximity to ASU gives it a very lively, college atmosphere and the wait staff is very welcoming and helpful. Like I said, not a preeminent sushi spot but a good place to chill with friends.
3	There are so many good sushi places in the valley.  This place used to be a favorite but they increased the prices a little bit, so I don't go that often any more.  They have good sushi, good miso soup, decent salads, Nice drink selection, and a nice ambiance.  All and all I would say that Sushi 101 is  better than Raw, Blue Wasabi, Kona Grill, or Benni Hana's. That being said, there are a few sushi places in town that are better AKA fresher fish, better ingredients, and superior preparation.Try: Sushi Creek:  If you don't mind a drive.  Very fresh, very well done.Mido Sushi:  Authentic little place in Chlander with fast service and great, great, great prices.Osakas Japanese steakhouse:  in Mesa is my new favorite sushi spot they do everything right!
2	Not sure where to begin. Edamame is way oversalted. No draft beer. No sapporo beer? Come on! Happy hour price is $1 off? If you're going to do a happy hour. Do a good one or dont bother to do one at all. Sushi is mediocre. Freshness is mediocre.
2	Used to come to this place for sushi a couple years back. Idk what seemed to have changed (management, quality of food), not sure but something has definitely changed for the worst. I decided to try it for the fourth time in the past two months, all trips were disappointing I must admit. Their quality of sushi, going straight down. This trip was my most recent one and will forever be my last.I am a huge sashimi fan. I ordered my usual salmon sashimi, but when it came out not only were their pieces tiny for the high price, I even found some dark splotches on it. After looking at them I quickly lost my appetite.Sorry to say I won't be coming back and will stray away anyone who attempts to. Wish I could say differently. Sad, this place used to be good.
5	My fav sushi spot! Delicious and the staff is always great! It's affordable, and they have happy hour everyday! And reverse happy hour as well! Weekends included....they have always been super great about accommodating my gluten free needs.
4	I've driven by Sushi 101 many of times and never really had that urge to try it. My son and wife always has Japanese urges and we were in Tempe so what the heck. I walked in and the place isn't too big or small. Nothing really stood out to me. The waitress was very good in greeting us and getting our drinks. I ordered the Spicy Chicken Yaki Soba with skinny noodles. It had cabbage, carrots, chicken, and green onions. Not bad. It had a nice kick to it. Not overly spicy but probably just right. My daughter had the Chicken Yaki Soba and it was exactly like mine but without the spice. She really did like her dish and gobbled it up. As for my son and wife, they got the Raman noodle soup. It had everything in it. Cabbage, carrots, fish cake, chicken. They both thought that it was way too salty. So they didn't like it at all. This is why I was struggling on rating this place. It's really a 3 1/2 star. We got all of our food before our sushi. We got the Rainbow and Dragon rolls. I thought they were sort of small but were very good. Enjoyed them. Liked the idea of presenting the rolls on tea leaves. Nice. Overall the service was good. She kept our water glasses filled and kept on checking on us. Food was good and so so (little to salty for our liking). So since my wife and son are the Japanese food lovers, not sure if we will be back again. We'll see. Again 3 1/2 stars.
2	I don't know if this was just because it was so late... But their sushi was just not good. No one at my table who ordered it liked it and my friend even got sick from it :( Two people ordered off the regular menu and seemed to like what they got! Just didn't seem very fresh. The appetizers were really good especially the tofu steak! Service was not too good either.
4	Really good sushi! Try the Black&Yellow Roll and the Grizzly Bear Roll. I felt they were  sized well and made with fresh tasting ingredients. The Spring rolls and Miso soup were great as well, definitely worth ordering if a little hungrier while waiting for the rolls to be made.The service was fast. The staff were all friendly, patient and attentive. Big thumbs up!
3	Its ok.... Its ASU and kids dont really know where the good sushi is. Well its not in AZ lol. Its descent prices are way too high
5	I love this place! Service is always good, and the sushi is really tasty! I hardly ever leave a piece behind :)
4	Wow!  Delicious and HUGE rolls!
4	I'm in love with the Sweet Potato Roll and Dragon Roll! They have pretty decent prices during happy hour. Service at the tables is sometimes slow.. I like to sit at the sushi counter. They usually have pretty interesting specialty rolls on the specials board. I've seen an ASU Roll and others that sounded cool. Happy dining. Kampai!
4	Went there at happy hour; the restaurant was moderately busy. Took about 15 mins to get our sushi. The sushi was of solid, workmanlike quality. Nothing spectacular but not bad. Friendly service and cheap drinks. A decent place for sushi if you have to stay near campus
4	Really good sushi for a great price. The happy hour prices are cheap for the great quality of sushi you will get. The service was attentive, friendly, and very helpful. They have a bar and multiple TVs and were showing the game as well. We got the Red Dragon roll, Caterpillar, Diamondback, and a basic California roll and they were all great. As a college student, this is a convenient and delicious place to grab sushi by campus. I will definitely go back.
5	Garrison is an absolute gentlemen and a very kind host.  Him and his staff are friendly, polite and very accommodating.  Last few times I've been there, Colton has been my server; words can't describe how incredibly exquisite his skills are as a very impressive server.  Not only does he bring a bright smile but also friendly and very superb personality with top-notch service that words simply cannot describe.  I highly recommend stopping by; let Colton suggest his favorite drink and appetizers, he always gets it just right.
3	Happy Hour specials really aren't that great. Most of the "happy hour" prices were just a dollar cheaper than what it usually is. Food is fair - not great, but not too bad either. I've had better sushi else where. Saki Bomb during happy hour is pretty affordable. $5 isn't too shabby. Customer Service - Excellent! Our waitress made sure our cups were always full and always made sure we were doing okay.
4	would go again.
1	They refused to make a cocktail with light ice, stating that they didn't just give away tonic water. HAH! That's just weird and unprofessional. The situation was so uncomfortable and awkward, I haven't been back since(before that I was a frequent customer(because of the location) and a generous tipper). So they lost a customer for life just to save a few tablespoons of tonic. Classy. Note: I highly doubt that the management would approve of or backup the wait staff's behavior, but hey management, train and supervise your waitstaff better, and if you see a customer having what must be an uncomfortable conversation with a young waitstaff, stop by the table afterwards and ask if everything is ok. It wasn't busy.
2	I use to enjoy this place. But, I just had a bad experience for lunch. I even heard my server talking to his colleagues about how bad the tip was from the previous table. Also, they were out of the first two beverages that I asked for.  Will not be going back anytime soon.
1	today I ordered pento box and they gave me DEEP FRIED SALMON!!, no grill as menu says, CORN!, yes corn in a Japanese dish, "salad", only very unexpensive lettuce and couple of gross veggies. Service, terrible and quality of food, grose, no to mention the smell in the restaurante. NEVER AGAIN!!!!!!
4	The restaurant has a good atmosphere and there were alot to choose from. The prices are reasonable, more on the cheap side, and the food was very delicious.
3	Great place to get some rolls and saki for a moderate price. The service was great and everyone I encountered in the restaurant was nice and pleasant. The rolls were decent and we were able to order a good amount off of the happy hour menu. I would honestly prefer coming here instead of RA.
5	I must say.. This place has the best happy our around!! Large 22 ounce Kirin with a small hot sake $5.50. Go on Mondays and they're only $3.75 all day!! Sushi is on point and well priced! My favorite is the Salmon Dynamite.
3	Sushi 101 has decent sushi. I think they could have more flavor, but their rolls definitely aren't bad. I've also had their lunch special with teriyaki chicken. The vegetables on that plate were done well because they had just the right amount of crispness left. Flavor on the chicken was slightly more sour than your typical teriyaki, but not bad. Overall, it's a decent place to get sushi, but I do think I've had better.
2	DisappointedMiso soup was cold.Sashimi tasted old.Didn't even eat half of my order.SERVICE is really sweet, tho.
3	A friend suggested this little hideaway for lunch today and from reading previous Yelp reviews, I did not expect to see much. There weren't a lot of people there so we were seated promptly and our waitress, Arielle, was very attentive.  The sushi was fresh and the price was quite affordable.  This is not a place for those seeking ambiance or romance.  It's a just a place for okay sushi and cheap drinks.  Based on the location, it seems to appeal more to the college crowd.  I probably won't be back even if my friend suggests it again.
4	Consistently good. Is that long enough? Okay not enough text for Yelp. One darned good sushi bar
4	Dragon and Las Vegas rolls are pretty good. I am not much of a sushi fan, so I think that says a lot. Sake bombing there is fun and the atmosphere is good for anyone who doesn't mind college adults. Service was pretty good and tried to be very accommodating even though we didn't order much.
2	Our server was very sweet. The octopus was odd, my mojito tasted like syrup and I sent it back. It actually was one of the worst mixed drinks I've ever had. It came out in this cute mason jar, then...womp womp. Nothing my date ordered was very appetizing. If you're a first-timer with sushi, or don't dine out often, sure, this place will pass.However, if you're looking for something authentic with beautiful presentation and decent drinks, try someplace else!!
