3	I've been waiting for this place to open ever since I saw the wacky name driving by.  It's nothing special, but that's not a bad thing by any stretch.  I thoroughly enjoyed the heat of the Jacky Chan Combination Curry.  We also ordered several other items and it was all enjoyable.- Jacky Chan Combination Curry- Beef with Black Bean Sauce- Shrimp Fried Rice- Shrimp with Lobster Sauce- Orange Chicken
3	Great Lunch Specials! Cheap and Great food; however, they can use the chicken from the sweet and sour chicken for the lemon chicken. But I would go back again! Very Tasty!
3	Completely mediocre chinese food in an area that's starving for more take-out places. My Jewish standards say no, but my Jewish laziness wants to go back because it's convenient.I will say that the lunch specials are incredible value. A ton of food for the money. The food is passable/mediocre, so it's an okay choice for a meal every now and again if you're cheaping it.
3	Hahaha... The name is just too funny! When I first heard about a new Chinese/Thai fusion? joint opening up close by, I asked myself, what in the world does Jacky Chan? a play on Jackie Chan's name? Maybe? Maybe not? Have to do with food? Nevertheless I actually think it's pretty funny.  Ok, the food is really not too bad. Actually for the amount of food you get for your money is really good. Most take-out places don't even allow you to take soup to go, but they offer you 2 choices and package everything up for you. I usually get the dinner special, It usually comes with whatever you order, i.e. kung pao chicken, soup, rangoons, rice, and sweet and sour chicken. I have yet to try the Thai portion of the menu, but I would suspect it wouldn't be as good as the Chinese? That will be for another day.
2	Mediocre Chinese food. I ordered some take-out: the Cashew Chicken dish... it was more like a celery dish with hints of chicken and a couple cashews.  I also got the stir-fry veggies. Not bad. The place is cheap and they give you a lot of food, but it just isn't that great. If you order $15 or more they give you 2 free egg rolls. They were probably the smallest egg rolls I've ever seen.
4	Great lunch specials, fresh and good taste. Way better than china go go!
4	This is near the best Chinese fast food in town. Good service, LARGE portions, great prices and tasty! Very clean joint as well. If you are looking for a lunch or quick dinner, this is IT!
1	Terrible. My guess is that everyone who gave this place a decent review is Caucasian, because anyone with Asian tastebuds would definitely agree with me that this place is pretty gross. My husband ordered the Mongolian beef lunch special and I (against my better judgement) ordered the shrimp pad thai. Everything was lacking in flavor. The most flavor of anything in my dish was the egg in my pad thai. Pretty sad. However the place was clean and the service was good, but I still won't be returning.
3	I'll cut to the chase.  The food is okay.  If you are in the area, and you want a quick bite, hit this place up.  If you have a hankering for some good Chinese food, I'd suggest you drive down to Spring Mountain, or better yet, California (the state, not the hotel).Having just come back from LA, where I had some mind blowingly good Chinese, I was let down here.  I would put this restaurant in the same taste category as Panda Express.  It's tasty for what it is, but it's not really Chinese food.
2	Food was below average. It was made fast though. Any correlation between bad food and fast service????
1	Big portions, but that only means you have to stomach a pile of terrible food.XO is just steps away, go there instead and save yourself from a terrible meal.
3	I wouldn't drive out of my way but if you are in the Rhodes ranch/mountains edge area, this place can fulfill the guilty pleasures of ordering "Chinese" takeout. Went there once to eat in and the service was really good. There were 3 other tables there. Delivery is quick too.Suprisingly, I enjoy their chicken wings alot. They only serve the flats, no drummettes, but I have more fun eating chicken flats.  The skin is crispy, wing not overcooked, and was well seasoned. I love all fried chicken - southern, Japanese, Chinese, Korean - u name it!This place is a decent option if you're lazy and just need a quick food fix.
1	The food is not good. at all it is greasy and very low quality.I cracked two teeth from chicken a bone hidden inside the sweet and sur chicken. This food leaves a bad after taste in your mouth.I could of died from their food. The food is not fresh at all it is all frozenfrom distributors that  food and the chefs are worse than Panda Express. They sneeze in your food when your not looking.
3	Live right near this Chinese fast food joint and finally decided to try it since I was craving Asian but was super hungry and could not wait to eat.  My BF and I ordered the combos that comes with shrimp fried rice, sweet and sour chicken, crab rangoon, veggie egg rolls, won ton soup or egg flour soup, and your choice of an entree.  I got the schezuan beef and BF got the mongolian beef.  Both were just OK.  Pretty good bang for your buck.  Not all the food was super yummy, but totally worth it for the price and hunger.  They even serve boba there so I ordered a iced coffee slush with boba.  We also ordered seafood fried rice as a side dish. LOL.Definitely a place to go for fast food and a asian craving fix.  It wasn't the best food, but good enough to fulfill your hunger.  Definitely will go back for some quick boba!
3	Dine in, take out or delivery, this restaurant seems to offer something for everyone in order for you to get their food. I opted for eating in so as to get the hottest freshest food possible. I also ordered from the whiteboard specials menu. These options are usually all spicy, wish they didn't have everything on special be spicy and an extensive menu otherwise. For the price at $9.50 for a regular combo, they better serve ginormous portions. Granted, they are pretty much the only game in this area for Chinese food. They have to compete with good Chinese restaurants that are downtown that have prices for food ranging from $3.50 to $4.50.I had the udon noodles with chicken as the special, but it only came with the noodles & chicken, after my waitress said the special was the same as the combo and would include everything. There definitely was an understanding barrier, but she was nice. They did make the meal the way I wanted with the spicy sauce on the side.I had just tried another Chinese restaurant last week that had good specials served all day, several courses for less than what I paid for here. I'll go back to the other restaurant next time, at least the service was good at Jacky Chan's. Fun name anyway.
4	Jacky Chan ranks high on my list for places to buy bbq pork fried rice...   Whenever i order it, I cannot stop eating it... it has become a problem... I have also had the garlic eggplant, orange chicken and general tsos chicken... they have all been great... its right around the corner from me, so add convenience to the mix and I will return....
1	Does yuck say enough. The food is so greasy and all tastes the same. Although they do have good wonton soup.
4	Much tastier food than XO down the street.  I've been here a couple of times and was very happy with the service and staff, and the food had lots of flavor.
4	Excellent Chinese Deli Style!This isn't a place you go for atmosphere.  However, it's clean, service is great, and the food was fresh and delicious.The combo plates are great if you want soup, an egg roll, crab rangoon, shrimp fried rice, and sweet and sour chicken included with your entree. I had the Black Bean Chicken and it was fabulous!  The S&S chicken was great and so was the fried rice.  Other than the pot stickers we enjoyed, the soup egg rolls and rangoon were average but fresh.  No complaints considering the quality of the main courses!  Good stuff, Jacky Chans!
3	Though conveniently located across the street of my gated community, I have always refused to openly try this place because of the several bad reviews on yelp.  But I was hungry as hell today and just finished attending Church and didn't want to go anywhere far from where I live.  So today I gave it a try.Wow, I'm glad I tried it.  Not the best Chinese food you can have but for what it is, I like it.  Fast , small but clean, and friendly servers....unlike other asian restaurants where they are always yellin' wondering if they are in a bad mood or thats just the way their culture are.  Very affordable prices also, especially their lunch $5.75 special which comes with fried rice, sweet and sour chicken, sour soup, crispy noodles, and another meat of your choice given on the menu.  I got  the general chicken combo which was my first time trying and tasted pretty good.Maybe at its early days when it barely opened, the food was bad from what I can see from the early reviews, but it seems ok to me now.  Thumbs up if you're hungry, craving chinese, and in a rush.Jacky Chan definitely kicks ass, you get it? Jackie Chan and kicks ass because he's a martial artist....ahh nevermind.
1	This place has the greasiest food loaded with msg I got a head ache that made me throw up .So go ahead and eat this low quality garbage.My friend also chipped his tooth on bones in the food. They want to make money not customers I give this crap hole one year to close.
3	Not bad food at this place. Close to my apartment. Not the cheapest prices but I am used to east coast chnese food prices. I a having to get used to the different food cooking syles and increased prices. All in all not a bad place to grab a bite.
2	Overpriced and not good. I would rather go to the panda express further up the road. I got the cashew chicken for lunch, and there was an abundant amount of cashews, celery, and maybe 2-3 pieces of chicken. That's it! It was definitely not worth the money and I wanted cashew chicken not cashew celery!
5	Best fast food Chinese place in town. Eat here and you'll never go back to Panda Express.
5	I LOVE the Singapore noodles here...they kick P.F. Changs' ass!  Get them without egg and pork and you will want to gorge yourself on them!  The prices are super reasonable and the staff are very friendly and helpful!  This is quickly becoming a weekend favorite...nay a necessity...for my whole family!  You can't go wrong here...even if you tried!
4	I'm always amazed at how MEAN people can be on yelp.  They took no exception to this little place that is obviously a family owned establishment and the members are very hard working:  The place is immaculately clean and with a very attentive staff.  Reviewers should take notice that you are talking about REAL PEOPLE when reviewing a small place.  It is not some huge emotionless corporation.  Have some decency.I've only been once, and had the Pad Thai.  I enjoyed it very much. It was served with a slice of lemon (YES!) which I squeezed over the dish and it brought out beautifully subtle and well balanced flavors.The bottom line is this: Is this place going to revolutionize the way you view Asian Cuisine?  No.  But is that what they are trying to do?  NOPE.  They want to provide a decent meal at a reasonable price and try to make a living along the way.  For those of you that want to support Ma and Pa restaurants in the community and have a GOOD meal,  this is the place for you.  You might even introduce yourself and possibly make friends with the owners.  Can you do that at Panda Express?I will definitely go back for as long as I live in the neighborhood.
3	They are clean but like most chinese fast food places you only rent the food here. I live 3miles away and my date and I barely made it home. I wish I had two barhrooms in my apartment. For the price you get plenty of food and the staff is amazingly nice and attentive.
3	OK, the food here isn't the BEST... but i don't think its bad if your craving chinese food, don't want panda express, and don't want to drive all the way to china town.  it does the job.the prices are decent, and they literally make your carry out order in 5 minutes!some dishes i recommend:-mongolian beef-won ton soup-salt and pepper pork-fried rice (any kind!)beware of the chow mein if your looking for the pan fried noodle type.  its pretty much lo mein and i was disappointed when i ordered it last time we went.don't forget the carry out order coupons.  i think they have free egg rolls with purchases over 20 and free fried rice with purchases over 30. :)
2	The service was ok. the food marginal. Ordered the lunch special.The fried rice was lousy, Ive never had fried rice as rice only, no vegetables at all and dry. The food itself very little. Curry chicken and beef has much salt. The sweet and sour pork was about the only thing edible. Businesses need to learn you have to give a good value for people to return.
4	We have ordered twice now for delivery and have been fully satisfied both times. They forgot our crab rangoons and the driver went all the way back and brought us double order. Yum! It isn't the greatest top notch cuisine ever but for the price and service its delicious!
4	Ordered seafood rice and I thought it was great and a very big portion. I wouldn't bother eating at the restaurant but the food is good in my opinion. Great place for take out or delivery!
1	This place is absolutely terrible. I ordered the hot and sour soup, it wasn't hot OR sour. Tasted like oil and was just terrible. The egg rolls had pretty much no filling. Even after I took off most of whatever they're wrapped in, I still couldn't taste the cabbage filling on the inside. The rest of their food is just greasy and makes me nauseous. TERRIBLE!! I would never suggest eating here. EVER
4	I think this place has markedly improved since it opened. It's not the best place in town, but the food is about average or slightly above. They make one of my favorites,  almond chicken, just like I'm used to from California. Their fried rice is decent, if you order it dark. XO Pad thai is pretty good. Hubby likes their roast duck. We really like Boba drinks. All in all a pretty decent little chinese joint.
4	Always good Chinese food. Fast polite service. Never had a bad dish plus it's so close to home
1	I was craving some Tom Kha (with chicken) the other day cause I wasn't feeling good and thought soup would make me feel better so I decided to give this place a try and order for delivery since its so close to my house. The lady that I talked to didn't speak any good English at all, I had to tell her my address so many times and i told her what I ordered I made it so clearly. Anyways, the delivery was really fast but when I started to check my food and was about to take a big ass sip on my soup I see a freakin shrimp umm I'm allergic to shrimp like I almost ate that thing! I called them back and this time it was a guy and I told him that they messed up my order and he wasn't really nice about it and I told him to get it right and send me the right one. After 45 minutes later of waiting he finally came and got the order right but I felt very skeptic to even eat my soup cause they seem very shady but I ate it anyway and now I'm sick. Thanks a lot for the bad service,workers there cant even speak english, your food sucks and won't be ordering at this shady place ever again!
3	The food is okay. The rice is really weird.
1	Gross. Gross. Gross. Save your money.
5	Milk tea are really Hong Kong style ~~not those made from powder!!
2	And the award for the saltiest chicken curry on the planet goes to...No, really. I must have had a bag of salt in that chicken curry with my $5.75 lunch special. The one that strangely comes with sweet and sour chicken, rice, and egg drop soup.  Honestly, the quality wasn't terrible - but seriously. Salt city. Maybe it's MSG. Who knows! However, service was very quick. Food was out in no time. For the price, it isn't bad I suppose. Certainly wouldn't be my choice unless it was my only one. It's also fun to say you ate at Jacky Chan's.
3	As a first time customer, I admit the name drew me in. I don't live in this area so I can't compare this restaurant to others in the area, but my combination fried rice was very good. I checked yelp reviews after I ordered, and they were pretty mixed. The only suggestion I have is the meat wasn't seasoned or grilled (other than the BBQ pork). The rice was cooked well and there was plenty of egg, which I think makes the dish. Hot, tasty food served quick at a reasonable price- just what is needed in this area.
3	I always order take out from here,  the food is pretty good and though the lunch specials are a good price, there's not much. The fried rice is just that. Fried rice with not anything else in it except a pea or two. I suggested getting a combination plate instead,  if you like more of a variety. You get soup, a crab rangoon, a spring roll, your entree choice,  plus sweet and sour chicken and shrimp fried rice. A nice variety for a reasonable price.   One more great thing, is they have coupons for free food items if you over a certain amount, and they automatically offer and ask which choice you would like.  Also, the staff is friendly and the delivery is fast. The reason I gave 3 stars and not more is because the food is goos not great or excellent.
3	Have come here twice.  The fairly inexpensive lunch specials keep bringing me back.  Wish you could choose 2 different entrees as the specials always come with sweet and sour chicken, but I won't complain.   The food is decent in regards to taste, but I'm more impressed with how fresh it is.  Definitely enjoy this place better than Panda Express, the portion size is adequate.  No fanfare, no frills, good service... also I'm one those that loves the name lol
1	OMG... Why is every local Chinese place completely greasy & disgusting....EXCEPT   for the Panda on Rainbow near the Best Buy/ Home Depot?? I just can't get a decent meal!! Give me a Pei Wei!!! Give me a Pick up Stix. Please. :(
1	The food here is terrible.  I'd love for these guys to have great food.  They're in my neighborhood.  It would be wonderful to get some nice Chinese food on occasion.  I can't imagine they even taste the food they send out.  Unbelievably bad.
5	Enjoy the food and service here! Always speedy service either dining in or carry out!
1	You get what you pay for. Cheap lunch specials. Don't bother asking for the free chicken fried rice with check-in.  We had 10 people and they did not bother giving it to us.  We gave them business but the answer was "no thanks. Those are expired." Don't expect them to be nice to you.
4	For a quick inexpensive meal this is the place to go. Delivery is fast also. Large portions for the price. Wonton soup is amazing
4	We decided to try this place because it's close to the house, we had cravings for some fried rice, they had a lunch special price and we were just starving. Well it turns out this place is really good, they brought us our food and drinks, we got beef and vegetables with fried rice and it came with soup, wontons and sweet and sour chicken for around $5 each. The food was good to us we aren't picky eaters. I am giving this place a four because there is always room for improvement.
5	I've been a loyal costumer for two years, their lemon chicken is amazing! Their boba is great (I suggest the avocado, it's the only one made fresh)! Their service is great and their food is very good for its affordable prices! My go to when I'm in the mood for Chinese fast food!
3	***Highlights***: CHEAP EATS UNDER $10, DELIVERY, Clean, Leave the makeup at home: your never going to run into anyone.Negatives: Not Authentic Chinese, Plastic Plates & Cups, Small, Not somewhere you take a date (Somewhere you take your spouse after you have lived together forever and have seen them burp at the dinner table).This is my late night: Go-to, I'm too lazy to leave the house, I'm broke, or I just need variety, go-to place. The food is obviously not authentic Chinese food, but they offer a lot of variety in a single plate and they deliver. If your sick, this a great way to get a big container of some basic won ton soup for about $6.00 delivered to your home. The minimum is $10 for delivery. So when I'm sick I just forget the money, buy 2 containers of soup. One for now, one for later, and call it a day. I honestly don't have anything negative to say about this establishment. This is what you expect for hole in the wall, under $10 meal.Price/Food: Under $10. Their lunch special is around $6, dinner special is $9.50. Each comes with sweet sour chicken, one choice of entree, crab ragoon, fried rice, and choice of soup. Add a Boba drink for $3.50! There are 24 different flavors, on ice or blended as a slushy. Lots of food for the price, it takes me about 2 sittings to finish. Because there is so much variety, I don't get sick of it by the second day. I always have left overs. Enough food for a guy though. This is as healthy as Chinese food is going to get. Yes, the food is smothered in sauces like panda express, but its not as greasy. They use lean white chicken breasts for all their chicken dishes and they cook with crisp fresh vegetables. When I'm hunting for delivery yet attempting to be healthy, I order Shrimp & Snow peas off the regular menu. Not as much variety as the Lunch/Dinner Special. But its the same price, clean, simple, plain, Low-carb, Less-sodium.Service/Ambiance: Small hole in the wall eatery, about 6 tables that each seat 4, so service and food are quick. Get in- Get out. I've never had to wait in line. One of the major reasons I keep coming back is that they are so clean. There is definitely nothing fancy about this place, but you can see that the kitchen and seating area is clean. They are always wiping their counters, tables, chairs. Wet towel, dry towel. I've NEVER sat at a wet table or chair. No drips on their soy sauce ramekins. I've seen there employees wash their hands multiple times. They get a extra star from me just for that. I'm all about hole in the wall places that are clean.
5	We were looking at a house in the area & wasn't expecting to eat here. We pulled in for gas at Chevron & I checked it out on yelp while the boyfriend pumped gas. It's 9.50 for a combination plate I thought it was reasonable for everything that comes on the plate. *clean * friendly *cheap chinese place. I had a combination plate with orange Chicken, Egg Drop soup & a fountain drink Mr. Pib. The portions were a good size, I couldn't finish what I had so I boxed it. Really REALLY love Crab Rangon & one came with the plate. I was floored at the bad reviews when I truly thought it was delicious.We dined in figuring it would taste better fresh vs. Driving home smelling the food & it getting cold & soggy. It was quick service even though the kitchen had lots of slips. They use the same chicken in both Orange & Sweet and Sour but it was quality meats. No stringy chicken like some places that cut corners. I'd go again no problem!
5	Love this place!!!! Been coming here since they opened. Food is great, place is clean. My favorite Chinese food restaurant in Vegas, the egg drop soup is ridiculously delicious!
1	Terrible. I will never go again. Ever!! Lunch special is cheap because the every shrimp dish has only 3 pieces of shrimp. They are skimping and food is overly greasy and way too salty. Plus the people are rude.
4	Probably one of the best Chinese in Vegas! Fast, fresh and good pricing. Reminds me of the food I got back in Boston which was the best I've ever had!
4	Large portions. Very fresh. Ordered takeout and it was piping hot when I arrived, packaged well, and everything was included. Will be back soon. Our 2 year old gobbled it up!
5	Extremely nice people, Jackie most definitely has a great customer service, great food , fresh and good flavor we will be back again
2	They have pretty great specials! They make the food quickly so you're in and out!Lunch special $5.95 comes with soup (not available for to go orders), your choice of entree from the list, sweet&sour chicken, and fried rice. It ends at 4pm so if you miss it you still have another great deal for cheap by getting the combination plate.Combination plate $9.75 comes with soup, your choice of entree from the list, sweet&sour chicken, shrimp fried rice, one egg roll, and one crab rangoon. WHAT? That is a great deal. So my brother and I both got combination plates. I ordered the szechwan chicken and he had the beef broccoli. I was not impressed with my szechwan chicken. The flavor was all wrong. It was not spicy at all and the sauce was watered down sweet and salty. My brother's beef and broccoli was flavorful but salty. Their sauces needs some work. We were both impressed with the shrimp fried rice and sweet sour chicken. It tasted better than we expected. I didn't care for their egg rolls they were extremely thin and barely had anything in the middle.I just might need to try a few other things and ask them  to add less salt. Their menu is pretty big so there's a little bit of something for everyone. They even have a few thai dishes. Not sure if I'll be back since it was just okay and I have a closer chinese restaurant by my house.
2	This place hardly deserves two stars but 1.5 stars isn't available. I ordered pad thai and the noodles and chicken were rubbery. The flavor isn't great either. My friend orders to go from here all the time so I have had their food on many occasions. It's just another restaurant that's close to a lot of homes that are in an area where there is a serious lack of restaurants available. No good Jack Chan! Up your customer service and quality of food or change your prices and be honest about the food you serve.
5	Love this place. Great people and awesome food and Boba drinks, especially the passion fruit. Must try the honey garlic deep fried pork chops and jacky chan chow mein Hong Kong style with gravy. Keep up the good job!
4	Super fast delivery! Never ordered anything and not liked it! Would prefer a different style of fried shrimp tho. They're a little greasy and not very crunchy with a poor shrimp to breading ratio.Delicious crap puffs and shrimp lo mein! Would recommend those both highly!Random note but their sodas come in the can or liter bottle which I actually prefer as I'm eating from home and have my own ice.Great place!
1	Food is over fried and the sesame chicken was terrible. I got home and tried it for the first time and it was so bad I took it back for a refund. I'll never go back. I don't care if it was a "bad chef day" I hate that term. Either have all good chefs or shutdown.
