4	The place gets packed for the live music on the weekends (have not been there during the week).  Good to very good fare, reasonable priced.  Some surprise items on the menu, like escargot (which was very good).  Nice place for dinner/dancing, not fancy.  Has variety on menu, from burgers and sandwiches to salads and stir-fry.
4	The food is above average, the drinks are pretty good.  They have live music (70-80-90's) on Friday and Saturday, and the place gets packed with 20 through 50 somethings, so if you want a seat, get there before 8:30.  The dance floor isn't too large, but it doesn't get too crowded most of the time.  There are a couple of pool tables and several tv's carrying sports on all the time.  If you do go, check out the cute blurbs on the placemats...
4	OK for spring training time of year this place can be a real lot of fun, live band, good layout, lots of people, typical for a bar / night club formula though, that is no people=no fun.
4	Eli's is a good example of a local bar. They have roughly 6-8 medium sized TV's arrayed around the bar. These TV's are best viewed from the bar stools. There is also a projection TV displayed on a canvas screen, which can be viewed from nearly anywhere.There is a pool table, Golden Tee, and a live band at night. The live band relies heavily on a keyboard and they are very mediocre. The crowd is older and generally very affluent. You will see some sweet rides (Bentley, Corvette, Mercedes, BMW) in the parking lot.The food is standard American fare, but very good and always served HOT. The highlight is the cheeseburger sliders, but the Chicken Sandwiches are very good too.
4	Although it is a popular night/after work spot, the lunch is good.  The menu claims it is home of the sliders, I do not know if this is true, but they are good.  I had the gourmet (which with the sauce was the best of the table), pulled pork and cheeseburger (served with au jus?).  THe waffle fries were also very good.  It was very empty for a lunch time place, but the food was a nice surprise.The restrooms are back by the pool table, and a little funky.  During a not crowded lunch hour, they were not of tip-top caliber, a lot of water on the floor, but not too bad.  2.5 Flushes
3	This place is something right out of MAD TV or some other 3rd rate sketch comedy show.  Its my most bizarre bar experience in 13 years of dutiful service to pubs, nightclubs, dance halls, ale houses, lounges, beer gardens, watering holes, saloons, public houses, taverns, taprooms, and even quinceneras around the country and in lands afar.  If you are here for the unintentional comedy of watching wolfpacks of 45-60 year old single (hoping) men hound on cheaply dressed menopausal prey then you will have a blast in the same way watching the hyenas hump at the zoo is entertaining.  If you are here to get rowdy and dance and w00t, then its best you get in your Honda and drive over to Devils North.  I'm not even sure how we ended up here one night, but I think my buddy Cody had something to do with it ... something about cheap drinks and sliders.  I don't remember either happening.  What I remember happening was being trodded out like the fresh fish at San Quentin.  It was really REALLY awkward, four dudes in their mid 20s being scoped more than Amare's knee.  It took a while to settle in, and several "uhm, no thanks", but we got the groove, and stayed for longer than we should have.All in all, i could not recommend the place, unless you are in the neighborhood, hungry for some easy kill, over the age of 40, and like sliders.  I think.
3	I really don't even know where to start for Eli's.  I should have listened when I was walking through the parking lot, and 2 young men stopped me and tried to warn me that it was "all old farts in there".  But I didn't.I want to vote it a 5 for being a swirling cornucopia of aging rich women who wonder why the aging rich men aren't hanging all over them, the aging rich men who will literally stop and ask the younger women if they're looking for a sugar daddy, the younger women who will answer "yes", and the younger men who are just sitting back waiting for the younger women to realize what they're doing.I want to vote it a 1 for the same reason.But is the clientele a reason to vote down an establishment?  The place itself is lovely.  The music was good dance music... until the cover band showed up, and boy were they terrible.  So bad that I honestly thought it was karaoke at first. All I know is I will never go back; it's about as far from my kinda scene as you can get.  But it's nice enough, and if you're in the area and bored and want some good stories, knock yourself out.
4	Once was great..... lost it's touch with changing of kitchen staff. We would always score a prime booth and have the best  spot to watch the ridiculousness that would ensue. Cougars, bikers, confused tourists, and a sprinkling of elderly folk! It was a riot, while the food was good!Great salads, the best blue cheese dressing in the valley. The old kitchen manager, the owner's daughter even taught us her trick! I've had the Caesar, spicy Thai, both with grilled chicken or shrimp. Friends would have either salmon sliders or quesadillas. Some places just loose their magic.........
4	Stopped in here yesterday for some lunch on the way out of Scottsdale - it was a good choice.  Good food, prices, and service.  The 1/2 sandwich and soup for lunch is a great deal.  TAS-TEE Turkey sandwich and some very good clam chowder.  The waitress vouched for the chowder, so I had to get it, and man was I glad.  very good stuff.  Did not taste like it came out of a can.  The one weird thing was the place mat, it was covered with a mess of one-liners and sayings that had nothing to do with food or anything else as to why this was a good restaurant.  I don't get it.  Anyhow - good food, and its kinda cheap for lunch in Scottsdale.  its tasty.
3	We hadn't been to Eli's for quite a while. Last night the Beautiful Carin and I where in the neighborhood and decide to get some dinner there (she loves the stir fry dinner and I can always find something there).You know, we kind of quit going to Eli's for a while...I just couldn't stand the cigarette smoke. Even after the cigarette laws changed, Eli's smelled like smoke for quite a while. But the food is pretty good and it's a pretty good place for people watching (it's fun to watch the 60+ singles mingle...they get after it as well as any 20 something group of singles I have ever seen!), as well as having a couple of pop's (they pour a pretty decent cocktail). It's reasonably quiet, so you can have a conversation (although they have background music that I would call classic...something...pop...bubblegum...I don't know...when you hear the Carpenters twice during your meal, it pretty well defines who Eli's catering to). Lot's of big screens so you can catch the days sports highlights.I had the walleye sandwich...it was tasty and more than I could eat...Eli's does big portions, so leftover Walleye for DeeDee this morning (she thought it was heavenly).Eli's isn't the place to see and be seen if you are part of the young (or even young-ish), hip crowd. But, it doesn't smell like smoke anymore, they have pretty good menu that they execute pretty well and you can have nice dinner there at a reasonable price.
3	Snobsdale bar.  Typical bar full of snobs, overdressed, noses in the air, 50+ crowd.  The service is inconsistent and I really hate that about anyplace I spend money.  I had top notch service one visit and crappy service the next.  The bar has the worst service (compared to the tables).  One thing that is consistent is the quality of the food, it's pretty decent for regular bar food.Where this place loses stars is the service, overpriced drinks, the ridiculous overdressed Snobsdale patrons, and the overcrowding.  And be careful parking your Japanese car in the lot.  It's full of high end German and Italian cars.  Handlebar J's is walking distance, if you are a normal person, go there.  Why get caught up in the fake Snobsdale BS?  This IS the "pretty (old) people" bar.  Lotsa plastic, bling, and golddiggers here.Scenario 1:Me: HiPlastic: What do you do for a living?Me: I discovered the cure for cancerPlastic: Oh, did you make any money with the cure?Me: No, it was for the good of mankindPlastic: What's a mankind?Me: Uh, us, peoplePlastic: Oh, I have to powder my nose, bubye.Scenario 2:Me: HiPlastic: What do you do for a living?Me: I'm an egotistical neurosurgeon with 3 ex-wivesPlastic: Really?  (starts dry humping my leg at the bar)Me: At least wait until we get to the Ferrari before you start blowing me.
4	Eli's, Eli's, Eli's. I must admit that I don't go as often as I use to but I do go and check in on my favorite bartenders from time to time. I use to frequent this place quite a bit, but mostly to people watch because some of the things I witnessed WOW! LOL!!. Yes it is an older crowd, but they have never been rude or snobbish to me EVER! Heck if anything they are overly friendly and always trying to pull me one the dance floor, (Ladies and men alike). The food here is really good and the drinks are great , plus I do enjoy myself everytime I have stopped by. The band that plays there is also pretty decent as well and they are there most nights. Oh and the bartenders will call you a cab and take your car keys away if  you have had one too many. That has never happened to me but I have witnessed it quite often. So all I can say go to Eli's, enjoy the food, enjoy the drinks, enjoy the music, and people watch. IT will be worth it!
5	Most everyone knows "Cheers". This place is Cheers on steroids! It's probably 3 times the size, but everyone still knows your name. The bartenders are seasoned vets and there's always one of the owners there making you laugh and/or making you drink! The food here is incredible. I would recommend the chicken tenders (chix breast marinated in Italian dressing over night and lightly breaded) which can be served with veggies or fries. They are so tender and juicy! I would also recommend the sliders. My favs are the tenderloin toast sliders. Their salads are good; brunch on Sundays is good. I've never had a bad meal here. Definitely try the clam chowder on Fridays but get there by 6pm to #1 secure a bowl of chowder and #2 secure a seat at the bar. The crowd is a little on the older side at times, but we are working on changing that! There's always music on (overhead or live band) and they have Wii bowling on Monday nights. The TV's are plentiful and there is a nice smoking/drinking patio which allows you to watch everything going on inside. Great people watching place too. Once you've been there, you are family. The bartenders will remember your name and/or what you drink the next time you are in. Check it out and remember the sliders!
4	Yes.....my name is EliYes.....I finally took my wife on a date to Eli'sThe atmosphere is a nice bar/restaurant with plenty of big screens, college football was playing everywhere and I actually finally saw a Sun Devils game for the first time....ha ha.   The service was OK, I like when I ask a server what she likes or what is popular but she gave me the same boring cliche that everything was good and nothing was ordered more than anything else (yeah right).  Anyway, my wife and I ordered the the artichoke dip which was so good we licked the bowl.  This thing tasted so good and creamy, it had to be homemade!  I also got a half order of the many sliders they have to choose from (prime rib for me) and they were great dipped in the au-jus.  I ordered the ribs with a ranch salad and the wife ordered the fish & chips (which were rated number one....by whom I have no idea)  They were both great, my ribs fell off the bone and the BBQ was great and my ranch salad was so taste (I love homemade ranch!) that I licked that plate also.  My wife thought the fish was good but I cant say that she would rave number one but I am not sure anyone else has one that is better.  I also found out that the owners last name are Elias and they went with Eli's so dont go inside asking for Eli....it will get you no where!
4	Large menu with huge portions . Went during March madness looking for a sports bar. The fish and chips were awesome and so were the coconut shrimp.The pulled pork sliders were huge. My teenage son could only eat three of the six. Sweet potato fries are super. Great service and nice atmosphere.
4	It was my 30th birthday. I was feeling good- drove to AZ  with the top down. Got a killer suntan (which I never do), and wasn't hung over, a lovely habit of birthdays past to break. You see, I'm just too mature for all that now... not to mention wise. Yes, I officially became wise that morning. It was pretty rad.So, anyway, I went out with my mom in Scottsdale, AZ to celebrate the big 3-0. She took me to the "hippest" place she knows of... a.k.a. the only place she knows of Eli's, or as I like to refer to it, 'Cougar Central'. It was a cute place in all, I mean it's frickin' huge compared to any place in LA. I could've played a round of golf in there, but it started to depress me a little. I was like, thanks Mom, is this what I have to look forward to? Will I one day have leathery skin and bad makeup to go along with my blond hair and fake boobs the size of watermelons, because I'm trying as hard as I can to detract from my withered face and still be sexy? What are you trying to tell me here woman? I know you birthed me and it was a painful experience and your vagina is probably still mad at me, but this is just cruel and unusual punishment.But then, amidst the Frozen Strawberry Daiquiri fields a light appeared from heavens and the hottest Cougars I have ever seen in my entire life took seats at our table. Granted, they did have watermelon sized fake boobs, but despite that one faux pas (it is Scottsdale after all), they were 'classy' from head to toe; stylish, but not in a, "I bought this outfit at ForeverSlutty1 this morning" sort of way; well put together- no tacky bleached porn star hair- no bad make-up choices, just some hot to trot confident 50 year old women- and these women had some dance moves too! Thank goodness Eli's provides some live music... You'll be in heaven if all your favorite songs are from the 1994 top billboard chart... I kid, but not really. Anyhow, these Cougars sorta put me to shame on the dance floor.So, on with it, I watched as  gross middleaged out of shape men, one after another, pursued these hotties with passion in their eyes, and these bitches be like, "NEXT." It was rad! So, the moral is: there isn't a fucking moral, but this was my experience at Eli's and Cougars are A-OK.
2	So I'm in Arizona for business and I decide to look for a place to get a beer and a bite while watching the Angels-Red Sox game. I search for places nearby and see Elis is close by so in I go.First thing I see are three tvs on the side of the bar, each with a different game on and one of them the Angels game. Yes!!!I sit down and ask the 60-something barkeep what's on tap. Answer: nothing. Seriously????? Wtf????? It's a BAR how do you not have beer on tap. Oh man.....They at least had Guinness in a bottle so  thinking "OK, the game is on, food on the menu looks interesting, I'll hang around for another beer and some dinner then see how it goes".20 minutes later and I'm STILL waiting for the bartender to ask me about another beer. Well, was it busy you may ask. No dear reader, it was not. In fact, there were two old guys nearby who are locals and were helped straight away when they needed something. So I'm sitting there watching the old guy, a young guy and the two young girls who were working (hostess and waitress) chatting, talking, doing everything EXCEPT asking me if I want another beer. POOR!!!!!! Very poor....So, why two stars? I was pretty much ready to walk right then and there, but another bartender came on and immediately asked me if I need another, after introducing himself and shaking my hand. Real nice guy, the kind of bartender you want in the place you go to regularly. So, I stay. Even got some food, a half order of tenderloin sliders which were not bad, along with a half order of sweet potato fries. The fries were decent and are thick steak style fries, not skinny shoestrings. The food actually got them a star right there.The vibe of the place is interesting. I started reading the reviews of the place while I was waiting for the second beer and getting ignored. Saw a couple mentioning spotty, irregular service. Let's see: 20 minutes of being ignored, check. Younger bald guy walking around and looking at the Yankees game on one of the TVs when     He's not chatting up the waitress, check. Yeah, I'd say spotty fits. Next, clientele. I'm there for happy hour, and I'm the youngest person in the bar who is a customer. Of which there were 10. And I'm going into my mid 40s so there some old folks rocking it. But dammit, none of the cougars the place seems to be known for on other nights then the one I'm there. Hosed again....So I finish my meal, the cool bartender takes my bill and drops a free shot on the bar for me, a vodka chocolate thing he calls dessert for me. Nice touch, and not bad. Another star for the total of two.To sum up my long tale of woe: clearly a Monday night at this place during baseball season is not really happening. The food is decent but seriously, unless you're a local and have been coming here for a while, I can't see why you would walk in the door.
3	For the most part this is a venue for seniors. Though I hear they are trying to make the place more appealing to a younger crowd. A plus is the live music they have most nights. The food here is above average, and I'll even admit I get a kick watching the older generation "get down".
3	Fun place to shoot pool, drink some Beer, and people watch.  We went on a Saturday night and this place was packed.  Kind of difficult to find parking nearby, but once we got in, it was a lot of fun.We were lucky enough to find an open pool table in the back, so we grabbed it and watched the band and people on the dance floor.  After shooting a few games of pool, we ordered some Nachos and a Quesadilla.  The food was OK, nothing great.  Service was kind of slow....our Beers were empty a lot.Despite it's shortfalls, it is still a decent place to be entertained.Return Factor - 77%
5	Elis American Grille is hands down one of the best places in Scottsdale to hangout out for great drinks-outstanding food-& Greg-Tony-Paula the owners rock! They treat everybody thats walks in that door like family. Jeff the bartender is a firecracker of fun. Tricia Gregs daughter is a sweet heart. I would highly recommend Eli's..PLUS the Gourment sliders ROCK!
1	I used to go to Eli's awhile ago to dance with my husband as they always have a live band. It is a strange mix of people, mostly an older crowd of regulars. Last year we went there 5 minutes before start of Super Bowl. The place was empty, but every single table said reserved, so since we were just walk-ins even though no one was there, our money was not needed, so we left and went to Goldies Sports Bar. Guess they thought all those people who reserved those seats and did not pay a fee to reserve were all gonna show up. Now, a year later we show up 10 minutes before World Series. Maybe 10 people in the whole place, with the exception of a group of parents getting ready to walk over to the Chapparal High School game. We stand at the empty Hostess booth waiting to be seated and after about 5 minutes get our own menus and seat ourselves. All the TV's were on, but not on the Freakin World Series!!! R u kidding me, I am in a sports bar right? So, my husband finds the bar guy actually going behind the bar from coming out of the kitchen and asks him if he could put the game on, he grumpily says, "I will get to it" and proceeds to go prep and wash the glasses in the bar, never bothering with the TV's. Then a waitress looks at us and hurridly  keeps on walking. Note, not one person is being served a damn thing while we just look around wondering WTF. Then a buxom blonde waitress walks by and asks if we have been waited on. We tell her actually no, we got our own menus and seated ourselves. She doesn't say, " I will have someone be right with you, NO, she says "we are busy" and proceeds to take off into knowhere land. We look at each other in stunned belief.  I am not going to beg someone to take my money in this economy. We head over Goldies Sports Bar once again where we are greeted and waited on with a welcome smile in a very packed bar while the World series blares from the multiple big screens. I just had to write this because if an Owner of a business has those type of employees who think they can just pick and choose who to cater too, I won't feel sorry when it eventually tanks and in this economy, it doesn't matter how long u have been around.
5	The best place to party on Halloween night.Live band, tons of people all dressed up having the time of their lives, resonable drink prices, excellent fish and chips, and NO COVER CHARGE. It does not get any better than this.
1	My friend and I went in for a happy hour glass of wine at Eli's yesterday.  My friend is a regular there, and she and I each had a glass of wine, and during the course of our conversation, the bartender, Missy, joined in and even showed us photos from her phone of a guy she is dating.  Missy poured more wine into our glass as we were visiting.  When we were ready to leave, I gave Missy my debit card without even looking at the bill, then when she returned it, I saw that it totalled $26and I asked her how two glasses of wine totalled that much.  Missy, who apparently is the owner's daughter, flipped out on us. Missy accused me of having an attitude, deleted the entire bill, and said to never come into the establishment again.  I'm happy to not have had to pay, except the $5 tip, which she didn't deserve, but the reasonable thing for her to do, would've been to comp the second glass she charged us for, but we did not order.  My friend and I were confused by Missy's behavior and unprofessionalism.  She acted like a friend who was giving us an extra top off, since she didn't pour a separate glass (I hadn't even finsihed my first), and never asked us if we'd like another.  They do have really bad live music at night, so dancing is available, but again the music and  talent is horrible.
2	Eli's has nice sitting areas for socializing. The beer selection is limited, which surprised me considering it was in Scottsdale. Oh well!I appreciate that Eli's has a live band but unfortunately they were mediocre. From what I understand the Aaron Nelson Project band plays there almost every day so don't expect much if you come for live music. At least they can keep a dance beat going but.........The dance area is so small it's mostly an afterthought. Even worse it's a tile floor so dancing is limited to stationary wiggling and hip grinding. Of course from what I saw nobody there knows how to dance so perhaps most patrons don't care what the floor is made of or how lousy the music is. If the reason for going to Eli's is for hookups it's probably a good place to go. Eli's web page trumps the bar as a place to dance. Was that meant to be a joke?There are some beautiful cougars that hang out there. Unfortunately I came with a female friend so I couldn't play the field. If I ever come back it will be to go cougar hunting!
4	The concierge at the resort we are staying at recommended Eli's for their baby back ribs and since it was not too far away we decided to try it.  We went for a weekday lunch.  We each got a full rack and two sides. Garlic mashed potatoes (yum) and steamed veggies were tasty.  The ribs were so tender that you could just pull the bones out and cut the meat with a fork.  And the BBQ sauce was just right, not overly sweet, and savory.  Had lots of leftovers so it was two meals each. Great value. Staff was very obliging.
5	I would understand why this place currently holds 3.5 stars. But for me, Eli's was a great night out! The live band was actually pretty damn good (even though they hadn't much of an audience), and the service was even better.My waiter was especially accommodating and very enthusiastic about the menu - usually a good sign. I ordered the petit filet mignon with mashed potatoes and garlic-sauteed broccoli, and WOW was it great! The only downside for me was how expensive the mango daiquiri was... but hey I'm on vacation.
1	Food is barely edible......service is spotty and the place has a reputation for padding the bills and scooping up cash that does not belong to them
4	Coug-tastic! Came here with some friends for a low-key Friday night, not expecting much excitement and ended up having a blast! We got there around 7:30 (just missed their HH which stops at 7pm) to have a few drinks and some apps. I like that they have a "skinny menu" for those that are calorie conscious. I ordered their Firefly Sweet Tea Vodka (iced tea mixed with, guess what, sweet tea vodka) that only costs me 66 calories and was delicious. We split their wings, but were encouraged by the waitress to try their sliders as that is really what they are known for. But, alas, we weren't super hungry so we just had the wings, which were pretty good and watched some college football. The bar has tons of televisions that had various games on and there is also a section with two pool tables and a few arcade games.The place had about half of their tables filled with a mixed crowd of cowboys and younger tattooed folk until about 8:30 when my friends and I became the only ones under 45 years old. Apparently at 9pm a cover band called the Aaron Nelson Project comes on for some live music that really gets the crowd moving. My one friend and I couldn't help but join in on the fun to a few songs, but we all agreed the songs they played reminded us of being at a wedding. Anyhoo, this place gets packed with 45+ cougars and sugar daddies all on the prowl and thanks to our guy friend, we got free shots from one of the cougars! If you are a twenty or thirty-something looking for something a little different on a weekend night, I would give Eli's a try!Recap:              a) Happy hour ends at 7pm              b) multiple large TV's that are great for games              c) around 8:30 the cougars and sugar daddies come out              d) bring a younger guy friend for free shots from the decked out cougs!P.S. You might see me prowlin' here in 20 years ;)
4	Don't let the looks of this place deceive you. A friend who lived in the area took me here Monday night for happy hour, and I have to admit I was a little skeptical. He raved about the food, but I wasn't too sure what his standards were.Upon walking in, we scoped out the place and decided to sit at the bar, but there were plenty of tables elsewhere and seating outside, as well. The owner, Greg, greeted us as we Sat down and got us drinks right away. He also offered to change the channel on one if the TVs if we wanted.We took advantage of happy hour prices ($5 well drinks) and ordered a few beverages. Then, we perused the huge menu....they have a lot of choices sure to please all- even a "skinny" menu! The chicken teriyaki sliders and BBQ chicken cheese quesadilla (you must try- it really works!) were the winners. Greg continued to talk to us, making us feel welcome. He's really into making the customers happy and putting out the best food (not "bar food"). Both goals were achieved on this visit!The chicken teriyaki sliders were tasty- small grilled chicken breasts topped with cheddar cheese and served on mini slider buns, with a cup of teriyaki sauce to dip. We opted for the whole order (6 sliders) since we were sharing, but a half order is available, too. The BBQ chicken cheese quesadilla was my favorite. The BBQ sauce sneaking out of the quesadilla was smoking hot and yummy, as was the cheesy goodness inside. This is definitely large enough for 2 to split as a meal, or several people to share as an appetizer. I would order this again in a heartbeat!If you're in the mood for great food in a bar atmosphere, this is the place for you. Don't come in looking for college kids or a younger crowd (at least not on a Monday night). There is plenty to keep you occupied here, too- whether it be the several TVs, pool tables, or a live band, which was just starting to play as we left around 8:30. And, don't forget to say hi to Greg!
3	I must admit I didn't have high hopes for this place based on the spotty reviews. And the interior screams more 'bar and pool hall' than 'grille'. But, open minds are required when you try a new place. The menu selection is huge...sliders, burgers, sandwiches, fish, steaks, chicken, salads, soups, tacos, pasta, etc. This is usually a red flag for me - so many options often mean the kitchen doesn't do anything really well - which reinforced my low expectations. We ordered drinks right away, and wanted to enjoy them while we were perusing the menu and deciding where to start. Our waitress kept coming over to see if we wanted to order. While I appreciate her not ignoring us, we did tell her we wanted to enjoy our drinks and then order. After about her 3rd or 4th check in, we decided we'd better order something. We started out with the brat sliders and to our surprise, they were quite good! Hmmm...my food expectations just went up a tad. For entrees, we ordered the Acapulco fish tacos and Very Berry Salad with grilled chicken. The tacos were loaded with fish, and very, very good. The amount of chicken that came on the salad was huge! Although the arugula was limp and not as crisp as it should be, and I would have like more berries on a "very berry" salad, they were at least fresh and flavorful. I should note at this point that we ordered a couple more drinks with our entrees, and after entrees/beverages delivered, our waitress was pretty much MIA. Considering how hovering she had been, we thought she'd check in more often. The place wasn't overly busy so not quite sure we were slighted. Someone else came by to clear off the table. We then waited...and waited...and waited for the check. We finally got the attention of our waitress and had to ask for the bill.We sat in a side booth which allowed some great people watching. And an interesting clientele it is. Other reviewers mentioned the old foogy / cougar crowd. Didn't really see any of that action, but the crowd was definetly more mature. That's not always a down side. Looked like there were some regulars that knew each other. We couldn't see the band, but unfortunately, we could hear them. They were very mediocre and despite their encouragement, few patrons took to the dance floor.All in all, the food: surprisingly good. The service: not so great. Atmosphere: just not my style so I probably won't return. In fact, if I had checked out their website prior to going, I probably wouldn't have gone at all. (Really??? Pictures of their bartenders in tails and briefs???)
4	GREAT FOOD, GREAT SERVICE!!!!  Had a couple of burgers and waffle fries and it couldn't have been better!   Thanks Jess for excellent customer service!!!  Eli's is lucky to have you!!
3	What a long strange trip it was to eat at Eli's. We were talking to this guy at the ballpark and he was raving about Eli's ribs. So I completely forgot about it until a couple of weeks later my wife said there was this great Groupon deal for Eli's. Fast forward another couple of weeks and we finally made our way over to Eli's.This place is your typical bar that serves food. It looks like the owner is from Wisconsin. So you Badger and Packer lovers would probably love this place. They do have a lot of menu choices. Looks like they have a lot of Happy Hour choices as well. I had the ribs, which were definitely priced lower than a lot of places along with two sides. I ordered the sweet potato fries for my wife and I had the garlic mashed potatoes for me. Both of the sides were excellent. The Sweet potato fries were bigger than steak fries. The ribs were not too tasty. I'm not sure if it was the BBQ sauce or what. But the ribs were very meaty but too pedestrian for my taste.I might stop back and try some other menu items.
3	50 shades of grey clearly applies to this place. It was grey at 8pm and getting greyer at 11pm as I headed out the door. Band was a 80's/90's cover band. Despite the grey, there were others sprinkled in, you just had to move around to find them. People had secured tables early to listen to band, so stragglers have to work the fringes of the roomy bar to attempt any pickups. Dance floor way too crowded to get close. Televisions here are big and all over, so excellent sports viewing is available. As for food, I opted to try the famous sliders. Went for the Teriayki Chicken verson which was pretty boring as the small chicken breasts were covered with cheddar and then the dipping sauce was teriayki sauce. Barely ate 4 of the six for $9.99. They should include a few fries at that price with the sliders, but no luck there. Huge menu, so perhaps something else should be tried, but carmelized onions would have been perfect on those sliders next time.
3	We were out and about, having just finished a late lunch/snack over at Il Bosco Pizza and Handlebar-J did not open until 4pm so we wandered over here to get a drink.  It was clean and has happy hour daily from 11am-7pm .  There are plenty of TVs to watch whatever sporting event is on.  We didn't order any food but they have an extensive menu.
4	We've taken so many friends here because we think their sliders are the best! They all come back for more. Unforgettably good. I like the prime rib and the salmon. They also had good fish and chips we tried one time.
1	We came here with a party of 15 people for a birthday. It was a tuesday, so it was almost empty for this GIANT bar with a stage, and the performers were starting to get set up.I was ordering the food from a kind older waitress who was jottings things down on a napkin when I told her that my boyfriend and I were going to be on the same check. "We don't do that here".Okay, thats fine. I'll assumed I could take my receipt and his, and just pay for both. I mean, there's no way they were going to lump 25 people on the same bill, right? I mean.. we had like 10 couples and a bunch of kids. I got the food, which was okay, said happy birthday, and wanted to head out after being there for an hour or two. I got my waitress, who seemed a bit over her head, and calmly asked for my bill so I could leave. She gave me a menu and said "Figure it out for yourself". What. The. Hell. Figure it out for myself? What was the point of a register? Do I look like an accountant? What are City of Scottsdale taxes here, anyway? Are we on a barter system? Why do I even have to pay anything at this point, if it is some free-for-all where I tell you how much my food was and you maybe/maybe not charge me?! Seriously.I stood there, trying to talked to here, for 10 minutes and she just ignored me. Like in a bad movie, I was standing there, making eye contact, while another person who was supposed to be my server pretended I didn't even exist. Unbelievable. I was so furious, I almost lost it. I calculated it out, even though the cost of the drinks wasn't on the menu, and left. BAH!
3	Still 3 stars. This time tried "Scottsdale's greatest cheeseburger" This is kind of an insult to Scottsdale in my opinion. If your best consists of a very pedestrian burger (claimed to made there) with the usual condiments, then something is amiss in big bad scottsdale. Impress me or lose the name or I suppose I could take it in jest, but you can't even joke anymore in 2013 - you have to back it up Eli.      Strangely, both of us had burgers, but mine had onions on the side and her's had no onions given and a pickle, which was missing on my plate. Side dishes were pretty good as the sweet potato fries narrowly outdid my garlic mashed potatoes. Also, my bun fell apart near the end, some kind of fancy bakery roll.    Otherwise on a Thursday night, the place literally emptied out the second happy hour ended. All the greybeards headed home and we had the joint to ourselves which was perfect. A decent cover band was playing and the pool tables were empty, so if you are looking to avoid crowds, go after 7pm. They only have a few happy hour deals, so your not missing much if you wait.
2	Until today, I've long considered these the best sliders in the Valley. My favorites have always been the Gourmet (Tenderloin) sliders and my friend and I each ordered them today with a side of fries from the lunch special menu.On previous visits the buns were soft and buttery; the tenderloin was generous, moist and tender and we left happy.Today: buns are smaller and dry. Tenderloin appeared to be half the size of the old portions and came back dry and gray despite the fact that we requested medium-rare. I suspect that the meat was dry from age and not overcooking as it was barely marked from the hot grill. A few years ago at lunch there would be at least two servers and a bartender. Today, it was a sole bartender to handle the lunch "rush" (two tables at noon). I fear that the ownership might be attacking declining profits by cutting back on food cost vs. focusing on building sales.Well, I won't be back anytime soon. There are better sliders elsewhere.
5	We love Eli's!  Best service in town. :)
5	We are vacationing in Scottsdale and decided to try Eli's since they had a great Groupon, and my daughter finds coupons a lot of fun. We had an awesome meal and are so glad we tried it out. We started out with the teriyaki sliders. Fantastic - best thing we have had in a long time. White meat chicken, light dipping sauce and cheddar cheese. Excellent - big surprise. I had a low-cal sea bass with tabouli salad  (200 cals)  - amazing. The hamburger was a little underdone for my daughter's tastes but it was hand-formed like you would make at home, on a whole wheat bun. We took it home and will make it a "well done" leftover! The "World's Best" Chicken sandwich, really is! We were celebrating a birthday and ordered dessert. My favorites were the carrot cake and the molten lava cake. Chicago cheesecake and ice cream sundae - were also great. Large portions were high quality and generous. We are so happy we decided to give them a try. We will be back.
1	Showed up at 7:05 pm on a Thu night to use a Groupon.  They had some ridiculous comedy show that was starting at 8 pm and were requiring tickets.  The guy at the front door says "Sorry, no Groupons today, it says there right on the door"Me - "The Groupon says Sun-Thu."Him - "The Groupon also says not valid on special events.  Tonight is a special event."Me - "We checked the website before we drove all the way down here just so we can get notified at the door about a special event?! The website doesn't say anything about a special event tonight.  We don't care about the comedy show, we just want to use our Groupon....we'll eat and get out of there before the stupid comedy show starts."Him - "I'm sorry, no."We storm out of there.  What a sham....we drove all the way to this dump just to be notified at the door that it's a special event?!  What kind of notification is that?  If I would've known about this I wouldn't have purchased the stupid thing.  I promptly emailed Groupon and requested a refund, which they promptly gave to me within 12 hrs.I've been here before to play pool and have a few Beers...but no mas, Eli's you've lost my business.Return Factor - 0.005%
4	We happened to wander into this bar & restaurant and we are so glad we did! The outside is not very impressive but when you walk in, there is a HUGE bar!  The wait staff were super friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. The menu is your typical bar food menu but the food quality is not the normal bar food!The portions were big - we had the waffle fries with cheese and I think this is the best cheesy fries I've ever had. They were crispy and the cheese was browned nicely. We also had the onion rings (very tasty) and spinach and artichoke dip was super delish.We learned that they have live music every night except Monday. We will definitely be back the next time we are in Scottsdale.
4	We came here for dinner last night and ordered the filet and garlic shrimp and it was surprisingly good. The service was a bit slow as the server was new and apologetic so we decided to be gracious about it. The menu was filled with items that make you drool and if they are anything like the steak, that bodes well for dinner. I will definitely come back to try other items.
5	We have been going to Eli's for Years! Delicious Food! Best Service! Amazing Prices!We Love the Live Music every time! This place is "The Real Deal"! In a world of restaurants, that come & go, Eli's is our Home, Sweet Home!A lot of restaurants today can't even begin to know what real service is like...having to flag the bartender down to get another drink, or water. Plus over pricing! Eli's staff is super fun~friendly & attentive!We had the Grilled Fish Tacos....big pieces of fresh grilled fish wrapped in warm tortillas, served with fresh homemade salsa and an aoli sauce that I just ate with my spoon.The Ceviche was beyond delicious....large portion, all fresh ingredients....with avocado slices on top, served with fresh tortillas chips. I thought I was in Ixtapa, Mexico at the Beach.....Not a bite was left on our plates.  Doesn't get any better than Eli's! Greg & Paula Rock! Kristi B
5	YOU HAVE TO GO!!!!Have been a loyal customer for 14 years.  fabulous food, terrific live entertainment, very attentive staff..great location and stylish decor-- the only thing that supersedes the atmosphere, is the wonderful ownership/management team ... Thank you Paula and Greg for making every time we visit your establishment...... a BLAST!!!!!L AND C
3	"Oooh!! Yah gotta come up here! It's like MILF haven up here!" said my friend that night."Hmm", I thought to myself. Then I got in my car.Well, yeah, I guess any woman old enough to be my mom would be in her early to mid-sixties by now. At least they have live music.
5	We have been a customers of Elis for over 13 years, and have had many special occasions there without ever a disappointment.  The food is great, portions are large,The servers are always pleasant, professional, prompt, and very eager to please.   The owners are always very welcoming, and make each and every customer feel special.  Thank you, Greg, Paula, and Tony, and the entire staff of Elis.Chuck and Shirley
5	great food and place, aubrey is wonderful.
2	We have been to this place a number of times over the years. Frequently it is to take advantage of big screen TV to watch a game.  I never thought the food was great but our most recent visit was something of a low point. My wife's prime rib sandwich seemed unusual and she suffered serious indigestion the rest of the evening. My sliders were ok. In the past I thought it was more than bread and meat. I got mustard for my sausage. My spicy green beans were good. Our table for four received its food in four deliveries and some food wasn't hot. Not sure if it was a kitchen problem or a server problem. Service was pretty bad.  She was nice and pretty but not effective. Normally service has been pretty good. In this case drinks were delayed or forgotten. Part of my food order was forgotten. Our waitress was also absent for considerable time.  The restaurant was about half full. Perhaps someone didn't show up. This visit a decent place turned into disaster scene. We liked it before and probably will again but this was a timely reminder that bad things sometimes happen in good restaurants.
3	Been here a few times more since last review. One Saturday night we walked in when it was really crowded, but the people at the bar were clearly mostly over 55, so we had to get out fast. They have alot of TV's, but very few people showed up for Monday Night Football. I never seen it so empty, but it was easy to get a drink and order some food to go. Tried the famous chicken sandwich for $10 and that was a giant breast that was cooked good and topped with cheese, but the szechuan string beans stole the show. These were a tad spicey and not crispy like Chienese versions, but the soy sauce mix and spices used made these green beans the star of the meal. Lots of sides to choose from, but the beans are the way to roll. Gotta love the older bartender also who loves to cuss at every chance.
1	Beware aggressive bouncer at Eli's.  My husband was physically grabbed by the bouncer on 1/17/14 after entering a sliding door leading from the patio into the bar area.  Apparently patrons had been complaining of the door opening frequently, but this was the first time we had entered from that door.  He not only grabbed my husband's arm, but repeatedly berated us for using that door.  When we spoke to the mgr on duty, Tony, he did nothing.  Needless to say, we will not return.
5	Super underrated little joint! Food is awesome. They have all sorts of sliders to choose from that are so tasty. The prime rib sandwich is one of the best I've had in a very long time. The meat is sliced razor thin and has a melt in your mouth texture. We come here specifically for their fish & chips, fried to a golden brown with a coating of crunchy goodness on the outside of Icelandic cod, served with crunchy golden waffle fries. Seriously good stuff!! If you come for dinner on the weekend, hang around for a bit, as the night crowd gets pretty interesting...seems to be where the young ladies go (rich) husband hunting...and I'm not complaining! the crazy arm flailing & Cupid shuffle taking place on the dance floor is nothing short of entertaining. The people watching will keep you wanting more and the fast and friendly service will help accommodate your visual journey. They have a live band on the weekends as well. They are upbeat and play an array of music from disco to lady gaga! If you're a wealthy 40/50 something you may want to keep your wallet close but this place is definitely a find.
5	Great customer service, great drinks, great food. I love Eli's and would recommend to anyone. Have brought family and friends. Everyone loves it. Go here for a great time and great food. Also live music
3	One final update for their self proclaimed famous baby back Ribs. It was a good deal at $10.99 for happy Hour (3-7). You get a half-rack and some top-notch homemade coleslaw. Normally, the half rack is $15.99. Yes, the ribs do fall off the bone and if you put some of their excellent BBQ sauce (it comes unsauced and basically unseasoned) it turns into a three-star ribs. These were a bit fatty though and I'm not sure they were truly baby backs, but overall they were good, just nothing that would be worth ordering again. The bartenders are always friendly here and you get good service if it's not crowded and your not a regular. If it's crowded, forget it, unless you know one of these guys for years like most people do at Eli's.
3	Good place to hang out and enjoy a bunch of drinks. There is Karaoke and a live band. Food is good not great - typical bar food. Service is friendly and quick.
5	The food here is amazing. I have tried more then half of it and it's all great. The staff is fun and the customers new and old mike you feel at home. This is a great place to relax and have a blast.
1	Never received my food, and owners wife was a major beotch! Who treats people like that she was rude and disrespectful for no reason not just to me but other people. Very uncalled for.
4	I started going to Eli's dancing with some friends and during this time I have noticed their hot wings several times.  I finally went here for lunch just to have some wings.  I have to say, these are the best wings I've found since moving to AZ from Ohio.  I also had one of their burgers and it was very tasty as well.  The dancing to live music is also fun making Eli's a great place to eat and have fun.
1	Our waitress was doing her best to cover for marginal food and overpriced drinks. A $10 can of Guinness Draught was delivered to the table opened with all the nitrogen long gone. When we were asked how everything was by our waitres we told her "could be better" to which she responded "great" and headed off. My lovely wife insisted on tipping 20% and promised me that we would never have to go back.
5	This place has so much to offer. Great staff amazing food and fun!!  What more could you ask for.
5	One of Scottsdale's best sports bars to have a drink and food. The service is excellent and the food is much better than any of Scottsdale's other sports bars.
1	Found this place on packer-bars.com. Tara-bull!  Some what rude service. If I ever go back it will be because I'm feeling antisocial and want to be left alone. Perhaps I wasn't welcome or some one was having a bad day but this post did get a rather nasty reply accusing me of lying. The place was dead for an un-televised game and I can totally understand why. Although it could be the lady who has a very high pitched scream when there is a good play or even extra point. ;)
1	We came here to participate in the karaoke contest... One problem is that the band plays 3-5 songs in between contestants' songs. It's been OVER 3 HOURS and we're still waiting to sing the competition song. So we wait and wait and wait while the band plays and plays then they announce that they're taking ANOTHER break and then they'll announce the winner. We hadn't performed and neither did two other contestants! Really? The lead singer of the band would rather hear himself sing mediocre runs that let other people have a go or keep track of the people's names clearly written down on the list and waiting to sing! If we came here to just listen to music it'd be another story. We got so fed up and tired of waiting that we left early! What a giant waste of time... Then to top it off, our waitress gave us one giant check for our whole party when we specifically asked for separate checks. We were so annoyed by the whole situation we just threw down money and left. Freaking ridiculous.
5	Excellent place to grab a drink ins dinner and. Watch the sports on flatscreens TV. The food is always prepaired to taste and they are willing to customize your order.
3	This place is good for Happy Hour with cheap drinks and edible bar food. I returned on a weekend night to see the band. They were decent and get the crowd shaking. I tried to act like a regular but they know I'm not so the wait staff is like, "What do you want?" Or maybe they treat everyone that way.The other interesting thing is there were the usual prowlers - men whose eyes go thru everything else and just hunt for females. And maybe a couple of cougars and milfs here and there.If it gets too noisy or stuffy you can get out to the covered patio. Sit at tables and you can see the bar and all the action inside. But right behind the chairs is the parking lot so someone can knock you unconscious and kidnap your date.
2	Not my cup of tea. I came here after a long day of business hoping to avoid the old Denny's fall back, but I think I actually would of preferred to eat at the classic dinner. The food at Eli's was only okay, service was poor (but passable because I was in no rush), and there was a band playing oldies which made the environment different than I would like. I suppose it's not bad as a bar, I was under the impression it was more than that and came to eat, which at my current state was a mistake.
2	My wife and I decided to try Eli's last night and was surprised that it was not very busy at dinner time on a Saturday night. We should have heeded that warning, but instead, went in and ordered dinner. Now we know why most of the reviews here are about Karaoke, bands and drinking and NOT the food.The first problem we had is the place is so dark inside, you can barely see. The first booth they sat us at stunk so badly of vinegar my eyes were watering and my stomach started to turn. The waitress then moved us to another booth, but it still had that vinegar smell that was making me ill, but not as strong.We decided to split the fish and chips combo (with fried jumbo shrimp) and waffle fries. The waitress brought us fried jumbo shrimp, charged us $1 extra for a 'plating fee' (for splitting the food among two plates). I asked where the fish was and she looked dumb-founded. Then she left to correct the error, never offering to refill my drink.Ensuring a dining customer always has something to wash down their food is waiting tables 101. If the wait staff doesn't have the time or the desire to keep refilling drinks, they should either offer larger drinking glasses (for soda and other free refill drinks) or the server should have brought two so she wouldn't have to worry about it. It costs her nothing whether I touch the second one or not, and it saves her time should I need a refill after that. Or, let the customer get their own fountain drinks, as many other establishments do. The irony is I drank that soda while waiting for the food to arrive. While the food was served hot, my drink was dry and the waitress just vanished on us, leaving us no choice but to sit there and watch for her (in a very dark building) to get her attention while our food grew cold.The jumbo shrimp was very good. The waffle fries tasted like frozen Orieda fries you can buy at any grocery store. They didn't taste bad, but they didn't taste fresh. Done eating our shrimp and fries, the fish finally showed up. Two pieces actually. The amount of fish was less than expected, considering we were served 6 of the jumbo fried shrimp. But after we tasted the fish, we agreed any more would have been a waste. The fish was flavorless. Not only was it bland, it had a very fishy taste to it. Adding insult to injury was the price. That ONE meal with two drinks (both non-alcoholic) came out to $30+.Bottom line, if you're looking for a bar to buy over-priced drinks, listen to drunk people sing off-key and watch sports on numerous TVs that you cannot hear, this is, apparently, the place to be. They typically call these types of places a KARAOKE BAR. On the other hand,  If you're looking for a nice, sit down RESTAURANT, go to Guido's on the other side of the street. It's well lit on the inside, far cheaper and Guido's broasted fish and chicken are to die for! Lesson learned.
