2	Thai Spice was highly recommended to me by a work collegue. However, I was disappointed with their cuisine, ambiance and service. I actually tried it out twice, just to make sure that my first experience was indicative of how this place truly was...The meat is either overcooked or undercooked in this place. The service is rather invasive and not very quick. It is your run of the mill place with below average food and very limited ethnic decor. The place has a medicinal feel to it. I would not recommend this place. There are truly superior Thai places in Vegas to waste your money on this one; I reviewed a couple of them already. Everything is a bit pricey here, especially for what you get. There is nothing good about this place, and overall, it is slighly below average.
3	had late lunch today ( trying to complete my  flamingo rd run of restaurants ...close...very close ) - ordered pineapple friend rice w/ chicken ( ok but canned pineapple ?!?!  bummer ) . shrimp salad ( my guess - purchased pre-cooked shrimp lightly grilled for heating slad dressing ...much much better at kung fu ) and house special scallops ( decent sized , properly cooked w/ veggies a couple scoops of white rice ) diet coke for me, thai tea for SO....okservice - decent total cost - $45would i return ....naw ...too many other thai places that are a cut above
3	Howzit!?Decent Thai food. Average atmosphere. Good service.Notable dish: Beef Panang Curry, Garlic Pork with Tofu.
4	This place has very good thai-food and thai owned. Tom Yum soup, Papaya Salad, Fried catfish curry, and Singha! An authentic feast to savor.
4	I went here with my photographer, Richard Faverty, who is a regular.  There were 7 of us and we ate family style so we could all taste the dishes.  My favorite was the duck.  The food was all very good and the service was excellent.  The atmosphere was maybe a little too sedate for my tastes, but we didn't get the evil eye or anything for being the loudest group in the place (with 6 entertainers it can't be helped).  The prices are very reasonable.  We ordered 4 appetizers and then all had an entree and it was still about $25 a person.  I'll definitely go here again when I want a good relaxed dinner with friends after a photo shoot.  Not the wildest place in Vegas but you don't always want that, right?
5	This is the best Thai restaurants which I have see recently. We went on a trip to vegas, and wanted to eat some Thai Food, and my GPS showed me this restaurant.. It is little bit off from Strip. The interiors of this restaurant is excellent. The restaurant is clean and bright. The food is authentic, tasty, priced reasonable, excellent staff, clean tables.We ordered 3 Thai Basil Chicken fried rice and 2 Thai Basil Vegei Fried Rice and 1 Thai Basil Egg fried rice. All mty friends were happy and satisfied after seeing and eating the food.The food quantity here is little bit off when compared to other Thai restaurants I've seen. They give good quantity of food, I would say 2 dishes will be enough for 3 people.If you are in Vegas and wanted to eat some Tasty Asian food for economical price in a clean place with friendly staff... I recommend visiting this place...
1	Just ordered their lunch take out special. It was supposed to be about $5 per order, and two orders came to $20. Very odd math there. Chicken fried rice was atrocious. Greasy, and had big cashews and pineapple chunks in it. Ordered a 7 on the hot scale, and it was not even a 1. Thai Beef was also very bland and basically tasted like old gray meat that had seen better days. I mean, if you're going to serve awful meat, at least spice it up a bit. I still cannot scrape the greasy paste off of my palate from this meal. There are much better Thai places in town to spend your money/time on.
2	I've come here twice already. To even it out I gave them 3 stars since my first visit was a 5 and my second visit was a 2. OUR FIRST VISITcouldn't have been better! We came here on a whim one night for dinner when we happened to just be driving around trying to find a place to eat. We walked in here and the place was completely empty, but we were greeted with big smiles and seated right away while another server was already filling up our glasses with water. Usually I find it a little awkward to be the only customers since the servers tend to just stare or or look annoyed and it also seems like the place is empty because it probably isn't good, but that wasn't the case for this place. The fact that we were alone in there actually made it quite nice since we got complete attention and excellent service. We ordered the Nevada Chicken - Tender, boneless, chicken breast fillet in a light curry-peanut sauce for $7.95andPad Thai - Soft pan-fried translucent noodles cooked with chicken, shrimp, ground peanuts and ground chili pepper. Garnished with fresh bean sprouts for $7.95The Nevada Chicken was so sexy! Juicy chicken breast with peanut sauce. It makes me salivate just thinking about it! It was exactly like the description.  It even came with a side of white rice which was nice since we didn't order any rice with our meal. We both loved it!The Pad Thai I just couldn't get enough of. All of the different flavors and textures in it went together so well in my mouth, mmm! I loved the crunchiness of the peanuts and bean sprouts, it definitely added to the burst of flavors. Normally we would've ordered more than just two plates of food, like an appetizer and dessert and probably thai tea, but this was more than enough for us. We were able to finish it all without having to take anything home, which was good since we were staying at a hotel on the strip that night anyway. The portion filled us up just right and we were oh so satisfied! THE SECOND VISITPure disappointment... The service was, well, lacking SERVICE. It took them at least 10 minutes to greet us and give us a place to sit. The place wasn't even full, probably just a 3rd of it was full and that was just on the left side where they were seating everyone. Their greeting wasn't exactly welcoming. We were standing at the front of the restaurant waiting to be seated and the girl just came up to us and said "can I help you?" WTH. It's a restaurant, I think it's an obvious reason as to why anyone would be in there, but I wasn't about to say "yes you can help me by filling my stomach and quitting your job so I don't have to see your face again," so I just bit my tongue and said "table for 3." We were seated and we decided what to order right away since it was just off the lunch special menu, but it took forever to finally get our order relayed since the waitress just sat us then neglected us. It seemed as though she even avoided us while we were calling her at some points since she'd look at us and just turn away. She finally came and she just seemed to be in another dimension or something. We told her "we want the pepper steak level 4" then she said "okay level 4, what level spicy?" That was just confusing. We went back and forth a few times repeating what level we wanted then she'd repeat that same question. She got the rest of our order and left. I don't remember what else we ordered other than pepper steak and pad thai. That might've been it actually. We got to orders of pad thai since my bf and my brother both wanted their order spicy (level 8) and I can't go higher than a 4 lol. Since it took so long for the food to come, we decided we wanted to get an appetizer AND we also wanted our glasses of water filled since the cups were already empty for a while and the ice was starting to melt. We kept signaling to the waitress but she's just walk by and look the other way or look at us and look away, it was really awkward, we were beginning to wonder if we were just trippin' or if it was her. We all agreed it was her, ha. Maybe it was just that she was too young and couldn't handle multitasking. Whatever it was definitely didn't leave a good impression on us. The pad thai was good, but not great like the first time we went.   The pepper steak I don't even remember, so it mustn't have been all that great. We never  get our appetizer, so I can't comment on that. It kinda sucked because my boyfriend and I took my brother here to eat because we had such a good experience with bombass food the first time we came so we thought he'd love it too, but they totally flipped it on us and made it a bad experience with bad service and mediocre food. We had so much to say about the place before we walked in that he expected it to be amazing, but was quickly disappointed. He even said it wasn't as good as we were telling him and we told him we didn't expect it to be like this. I will not be coming back.
4	We were staying across the street at the Palms and wanted some decently priced Thai food.  The atmosphere was average, but im never really bothered by atmopshere.The food: It was awesome. If you order a spicy dish, they ask you on a scale of 1-10 how spicy you would like it. That's awesome. The service is great also, very on top of drinks. Huge portions too! =)
4	This is my friend's favorite Thai place and with good reason. I've had their tom yum soup twice and it's really good.  Perfectly spiced and a good proportion of shrimp and mushrooms. I generally don't like pad thai but love theirs: not too sweet, noodles had a good consistency and they give you mounds of it. I like that they give you a scale of 1-10 for spiciness. It takes the guess work out of "mild," "Medium" and "spicy."
4	I'm surprised the reviews here are so across the board.  I used to go here a lot when I lived in the area, and I thought it was really good.  I was in the area looking for a meal tonight, and thought I'd give Thai Spice a spin to see if it was still good.  Brought my date and another couple, and we all enjoyed our meal.  Service was amazingly quick... like, I don't know how they brought our food so fast.  Did they predict what we were gonna order and pre-cook it?  My pad thai was a perfect spiciness and had a great flavor.  It's definitely not the cheapest thai food in town, but the portion sizes make up for it.
3	The ambiance is probably the best out of all the thai restaurants that I have been to, over the years. I really used to like this restaurant. One time the service was kinda off since we were waiting for another party to join us (they were very late). When I took my husband here, he didn't think too much of it, hence we haven't been back since. One of my good friends who is half thai really likes it, though. We used to get the stuffed chicken wings, pad thai, thai beef salad, and thai iced tea.
1	Yuck. I didn't like anything about it. Service was incredibly slow. We went for lunch, and it took at least 20 minutes for our food to come. I ordered Beef Panang. It was really overcooked. The beef tasted like mushy baby food. Plus, I ordered #6 on spicy level and it was not at all spicy. My husband ordered pork eggrolls.  I couldn't figure out how half was hot and half ice cold. His fried rice had pork that was good, beef tasted old and weird. He picked out the beef. His food also came a very long time before mine did and I was starving. And 2 lunches were $40 with the tip. Panang $13, fried rice $13, iced tea, and eggrolls $?. Final opinion, I wouldn't eat here again if it was free. Disgusting. I wish they had a negative star for the worst place you have ever been.
4	Saw the GRAND OPENING banner and signage while driving to a Yelp event, and decided to grab a quick dinner before heading home.  The restaurant has been opened for years, but due to a kitchen fire, they were closed for 7 months.  So no FTR for this spacious restaurant filled with traditional Thai art and carvings.  Even though the name suggests that it is a Thai restaurant, they also have a significant number of Chinese items on the menu.The menu is pretty straightforward.  except it is arranged a little differently from other Thai restaurants (i.e., no curry section). Aside from the usual Appetizers, Salads, Soups sections, the rest of the menu is broken down into sections by proteins (e.g., Poultry, Beef or Pork, Seafood,Vegetables, except you have choice of chicken, beef, pork, seafood or shrimps on just about all of the entree items.Since I like to order what the restaurant considers their signature dish on my first visit, I was recommended to try Mint Leaf Beef, which is beef marinated in Thai sauce and then cooked with chili and fresh mint leaves.  It was prepared and served quickly,and the flavor was very good.  The medium spicy level is probably less spicy compared to some other restaurant, so if you you prefer more heat you are going to have to specify Thai heat level and not the tamed American heat level.Ambiance:  3.5/5  Thai themed decor in a spaciously arranged dining room.Service: 4/5  Maybe it was good because they are not that busy, but I have no complaints about their service level.Food:  4/5  I enjoyed what I ordered, and look forward to trying more items in the future.Price:  5/5  Lunch specials are $7.25 which is good.             4/5  Dinner prices is average compared with other Thai restaurants.Location:  SW, near the Palms.Parking:  5/5  Plenty of parking spaces in this strip mall.Overall, 4 stars!
2	After waiting so long for the reopening, Thai Spice was a big disappointment. The food was bland, unoriginal, and pretty much what I don't look for in Thai food.  Going with a group of friends mostly versed in Thai food, we proclaimed that Thai Spice won't be a reoccurring lunch spot.  We ordered the Pad See Ew ($9.95, and had some goofy name on the menu), the Green Curry Beef ($10.95), the Larb Pork ($9.96), the Chicken Fried Rice ($9.95), and the One Sun Beef jerky ($8.95).  Everything was ordered with "medium spice" and "Thai style".The Pad See Ew was served without Chinese broccoli as an option. The sauce was some sort of a generic Chinese style teriyaki sauce.  The chicken was bland.  There was no spice, and even with gobs of their chili powder (which we had to ask for), there still wasn't much flavor or heat.  Pad See Ew is an easy dish, and somehow Thai Spice still makes it bland.  Unfortunately, this was the best dish of the meal.The Green Curry with Beef was also a miss.  Lightly sweet and without much flavor at all, or spice, it was boring to eat.  Just plain boring.  The occasional bell pepper was the only thing that gave this dish any interesting flavor. I have had worst tasting curries, but this one was probably one of the blandest curries I have ever had.  What's the point of eating this again?The Larb with Pork was border line gross.  It was the most offensive dish that we had, and one of my friends just plain couldn't stand it.  The flavor was off.  It had a lot of vinegar, along with a poorly balanced blend of herbs that were just totally unappealing.  Again, no heat at all to even cover up the bad flavor.  Do yourself a favor and don't order the larb here.The chicken fried rice was unoffensive.  It was also bland as heck.  The chicken was dry, and there was no flavor to speak of.  Is this food for 5 year olds?Yeah, the jerky wasn't good either.  The sauce was uninspiring and overly salty.  The meat tasted of poor quality.  I had to convince my one friend who had never had Thai jerky before that it is actually really good at some other places.Thai Spice is some of the most bland "Thai" food I have ever had, and Americanized to boot.  There were a lot of Chinese dishes on the menu.  You might want to just stick to the Chinese stuff.  If you're looking for Thai flavors, go somewhere else.
2	I have visited this restaurant in the past, before the renevation.  The service in MOST of the Asain restaurants I visit is cold and uninviting.  Maybe its a cultural thing, I dont know.  BUT I wlawys went anyways becase the food pretty good, and I knew a server there (charlie ) who also was a dealer...so he was always friednly.  I visited there the other dat and sat at the front door for about 2 minutes. They need a hostess!!More inportantly I place a togo order today.  2 tom Yum, Pad thai and eggrolls...Probably $40 of food.  The lady on the phone was short with me and rude and clearly could not understand me very well.  She proceeded to basically hang up before I finished my order.  YOU GUYS ARE DOWN THE STREET FROM MY OFFICE AND MY WIFES employer.  I wont be coming back due to your POOR customer service.  I will be visiting your competitors at Krung Thai and the Kaizon.  I am from the restaurant industry for 15 years,,,I would strongly suggest better customer service skills or your renevations were ALL a waste of $$$
4	Best Thai food in Vegas. I had been told archies was the old standard but Thai spice takes that title. Their lunch specials are awesome.  Highly recommend the pepper steak with a level 7 spice. Yes u can request your spice level!
1	Located in a run down strip mall and has been there many years. This "grand opening" sign is BS. There are too many Thai restaurants in this vicinity to have poor customer service. The aging waitress was too busy flirting with the older, caucasian male to worry about the only other customer in the place. He was ranting and raving about how great the soup was that she had served him 5 minutes prior. Being it was cold outside and I absolutely LOVE soup, I asked the aging server and customer, "Which soup is that?'' The server rudely said, " We no serve to public!" Well! After this display, Thai Spice will no longer have to worry about serving anything to me. I will take my business (a couple blocks to the west) to Archies. Archies is AWESOME and has yet to insult!
5	Suppur Thai Food~! The workers are SoO Friendly & Nice. We ordered 6 dishes & not one of them I had anything bad to say.(Which is super rare in my case) We order the Tom Yum Soup with Shrimp (they're not cheap with the shrimps) It was just the right amount of spice and sour in the soup. The Papaya Salad was so crispy and spice (Just right) Entrees: Mint Leaves Beef, Panang Chicken(Thick sauce not like every where else watery), and the Wet & Wild Chicken (noodles are soft & chicken, cook together which I like, other places cook the noodles & meat separately & then put it top=no good) was Yummy in My Tummy =) Also the Thai Iced Tea just the Perfect amount of milk just the way I like it.
2	Nothing overwhelming here - seems pretty generic. Food was passable but I have had better. Was more chinese than thai.
3	This place is a Very good, affordable thai food right next to the Palms. When they say something is spicy they are not kidding. Everything we had was very good, intense flavor. Nice change of pace to the flood of higher end places all over Vegas
4	I have been to this restaurant several times - this is my first review of it.  I don't go much for food that hurts and this place does a great job of making flavorful food that is not too spicey.  We take our students to this restaurant each time we have a class and they always have great things to say about it.  Good Job!
4	The Tom Yum Soup with Shrimp still has a lot of shrimps hehee, the padi thai this time around was good not great and the thai iced tea still taste damn good hehee.
3	Always delicious - never disappoints. Chicken curry is delicious (with spice from 1-10) as well as the mongolian beef. They always serve their plates with a bit of rice, which is always a plus for me (grew up in Asian food - always will love rice hehe). Delicious food.
5	Thai Spice is my favorite Thai restaurant in the area. I love their more traditional items. The mint leaf chicken is awesome. If you like spicy, this is a great choice, but can choose spice level from 1-10. The larb is great and the soups awesome - as well as the satay chicken with yummy peanut sauce. The owner/hostess is welcoming and friendly. Note: I was turned on to this place on a visit with my Mom and Sister and after returning to LV for about 7 years, found this the best in the area.  The food is very authentic.
5	This place is legit!  Everything was on point if not better.  I had the egg rolls, Tom Kha Soup and Spicy Pad Thai.  This ends a 5 year search for the best Thai in Houston for sure.
3	This place is decent. My only real complaint is the fact that they are not kid friendly at all. The food was alright. I've been there a couple of times and have had the fried rice and the larb and some soup. Eh... probably wont be back
5	Great service, great food! I especially enjoyed the papaya salad, Thai tea, and tapioca pudding dessert.
5	Today I went here with 15 friends. Everyone loved it, we called ahead, the meals were ready when we arrived, the food was excellent, everyone loved it!  The people are very friendly - AWESOME!
4	Love this place, great food and service with a smile.
5	No complaints!!  We visited for lunch and the pad thai and pepper steak were delicious!!  The soup that comes before which the waitress called a "beef soup" was also very tasty and the other three diners agreed! They ask you to pick your spice level on a scale of 1 to 10 which was pretty cute, so I picked 4 and it was perfect.  Just a tad spicy.  Another person I was with went with a 7 and said that was hot, but perfect!  The waitress said 10 was dangerous. :) Food comes quickly, portions are generous, our waitress was very friendly and timely and truly . . . . I have no complaints.  Prices for lunch specials were so reasonable too, I think our bill for the four of us totalled to $28.  We'll definitely be back!
4	Love this place, good prices, good service and the food is awesome! Now let us dance......with swords!
5	In 2 words - Great place (for lunch)Eat there 3 times a week, great service, good food, smiley faces all the time, definetly worth a review. Watch out from spice level 5 and up, they can make u go boom!! :-)
5	I love this place so much!!! My boyfriend and I go about twice sometimes 3 times a week for lunch. Their lunch specials are great! $7.25 gets you a cup of soup, salad, rice, eggroll, and your choice of a main item. I'm addicted to the chicken chow mein!! Staff is very friendly and food comes out fast!
5	I love this place. I was reminded of this again, last night, as we walked into another Thai restaurant closer to our home, and 6 people pushed in front of us declaring they had reservations for a table of 27, which I guess entitled them to be seated first. Color them rude! So, my husband and I decided to ditch the place as fast as we could and find a new restaurant. We were on our way to the Phil at the Smith Center and had limited time. Flamingo was right on our way to the I-15, and Thai Spice came immediately to mind!  It is in the strip mall adjacent to the Palms Casino. We should have thought of Thai Spice in the first place. The atmosphere is relaxed, the hostess warm and friendly, we got to sit anywhere and chose "our table"..which is a joke as we have only been here 4 times, yet we found the cozy table for 2 by the window that I always pick available for our dining pleasure. Our server got us in and out in so we comfortably made the drive up to the Smith Center in time for the show.Now the food. It is scrumptious and leaves no doubt as to why the Thai Spice has been ranked Vegas top Thai restaurant for many years in a row. Try the egg rolls, they taste homemade. Look at the loving care that they put in carving a carrot into a beautiful flower to accompany the plating. Order the Pad Thai and rediscover the joy of eating.Our cost dinner for two + appetizer $34.
5	Okay first time here. We had about eleven guest, all hungry for some good old thai food. And they manage to serve us quick and delicious. They manage to dish out at least 7-8 dishes really fast. Everybody was satisfied. Next time, when visiting vegas this is a place to go to for good old thai food.
3	I stopped in here for lunch today and as usual the food was good. I ordered a yellow chicken curry dish, which came with rice and a salad and a soup. I would give this place more stars, but the service was not up to par. I'm not sure if the food server was tired, or just did not want to work, but whatever the reason, she should have stayed home. At first I thought it was just my table, but then I noticed that other customers were having problems with her as well, for example she kept forgetting to bring forks to one table.
5	The best pad thai I've ever had. Its not overly saucy like some places. I really miss this place and I've been on the hunt for a good Thai place and have yet to find one that compares to Thai Spice.This was one of the few restaurants where I felt comfortable trying new dishes. The dishes here are consistently good. The price is fair.
5	Thai Spice has been a favorite of mine since 1994. I was a young mother and brought my first born in when she was 3 days old.  The owner was so sweet and loved my baby girl. Throughout the years we frequented the rest. for dinner and she always brought my daughter a small bowl of rice to keep her busy while we waited for food. Just fantastic customer service and kindness. As for the food...i love it! The chan ram is my go to appitizer as well as chicken satay. Tom kha kai soup is so good. the duck curry is delicious and good old sweet and sour chicken is the best in town. Thai tea is yummy too!I still enjoy driving across town to have a fantastic meal, I know what im getting and I know there will be no rude wait staff. Thai Spice Is still the best in las vegas in my opinion.Enjoy
4	Nice atmosphere, friendly staff, good food.  Level 8 spice was not too spicy.
5	came here for lunch. i order the mint chicken with came with soup, salad and egg roll. when we arrive we were greeted right away. the place seem pretty busy for lunch. after our order the soup came first. it was a egg flower soup. then following the entree with a side salad and egg roll. wow, the mint chicken was super delish and it was a really generous portion! i ate everything on my plate haha so good. place was clean staff was nice! well be back!
1	Food was good when it finally came.  Portions were small.  They had no staff working.  Waited 20 minutes to place drink order.  Probably will not go back.
4	Food was so good and prices are reasonable. Definitely coming back next time we are in Vegas
5	Thai Spice is one of my favorite restaurants.  I have been coming here since the early 90's.   It's always great to go to a restaurant where they know what you want to eat as soon as you walk in the door.  Great food & Service.
5	This place was great. The service was definitely awesome. I ordered the chicken chow mein and the noodles were perfectly cooked, tender with not too much oil. I got the spice level 3 (I'm a wimp!) and it was definitely spiced well. This is my new favorite Thai place!!!!
5	Man I was so happy that it was such a good experience here! We had just landed and we were starving, so we wanted some asian food that was cheap so we hit this place. It was far from the strip, recommend you have a car if you are a tourist, but I cant even remember what we ordered but we all ordered something different and the food was FULL OF FLAVOR, absolutely delicious and yummy! When I visit Vegas again I am definitely not skipping out on this place, the service was great and prices were reasonable for Vegas. I just wish I knew their recipe for the prig khing, the sauce was seriously mouth watering. Ugh...I hate living so far away and not even being able to fill my cravings!Just try this place, you'll enjoy it!
4	I stopped here for lunch the other day. The lunch specials were $7.25 so I ordered the Pepper Steak. The lady asked what level spice I wanted it so I tried level 8. The pepper steak had great flavor but I would go for level 10 next time since it could have been spicier for my taste. The meal started with a soup that I just thought was okay and a salad that I didn't try. The egg roll and rice that came with my pepper steak was real good.Service was good and the food came out quick. The price was right and portion of food good so I will stop by for lunch again.
4	After a week of eating casino buffet food, this place was a welcomed change. The decor is nice and in sync with the Vegas neon theme. The food was very good and the service was great. Glad I found it.
4	Good food with a great price in the lunch special... Very recomended.  I try the chicken curry and it comes with a soup, salad, rice and an egg roll... I pay the same as an fast food restaurant, but with a better taste.
5	Been going to this Thai restaurant since I was 7 years old. When it close due to a kitchen fire my family & I were devastated. When it open back up we were ecstatic! The service is great & the food is even better. The owner Kitty definitely knows what she is doing!
4	Great food. Always eat my lunch here. Really friendly service, always on point. Will recommend my friends here...
4	Ive been coming to Thai Spice for 20 years, but tonight was the first time Ive eaten here in awhile...and yeah, it was as good as I remembered.   I think they have the best pad thai in town.  A nice size portion and the flavor is spot on...so good.  Service was prompt and courteous. ..overall...pleasant experience.  Ill be back sooner than later!
3	This is a decent place to eat, both for the quality and the money.In all honesty it is not quite as good as Archie's, and not in the same league with Lotus Flower of Siam, but it is good food, and as I said above, decent price.I will confess I did like their Panang Chicken Curry a little better than Archie's because it was tender chicken, and they were more generous with the Curry sauce.I will say that I will go back there for sure, and that tells you it's worth a trip to try it.
5	Went to another eatery but they were closed so, I said let's try this Thai place. OMG!!!! We ordered veggie egg rolls. They were piping hot and freshly made. I ordered the shrimp chow mein and my hubby got Chili Beef!  Both were excellent!  It's just after 6pm on a Friday night and we can't believe we were the only diners. Although we loved the VIP service!  :)
5	My favorite Thai restaurant in Las Vegas. We've been coming here for years and I always get the Tom Yum Goong soup. I also really like the Pad Thai here. It tastes like real authentic Thai food. The servers are also really nice and friendly.
2	I had garlic chicken and my friend had pad thai. We both thought our meals we're tasteless. The service was slow and non-personal. The piped in electronic 70s music: hideous.And it was expensive.
5	The best Thai I've had in a long awhile. Dishes are consistently good, not overly saucy like some places. The price is fair,  Lunch specials are very reasonable. Never dined in as of yet, but the food is excellent either way I'm sure.
