3	I stayed at this resort for business.  The LM site was just down the street in Goodyear, AZ.  I have to say, this place was better than I expected.  First, I came with a group of 8 people.  They were able to accommodate us & have our rooms near each other.  The front desk also took note that I had services booked at the Red Door Day Spa (which is on the resort) & upgraded our rooms to be on the fairway.  This way, I was near the spa when I had my services.  The resort itself is well manicured and the people are GREAT!  Anything we needed, they were right there.  The amenities were fabulous as well.  There were 9 tennis courts, a fitness center, 2 great restaurants, & a kick butt pool area!  I have to say, the pool was my fave.  Especially since the weather was ~108 everyday that I was there.I also ate at the Arizona Grill and Grill on the Greens on the resort.  The food was really good but on the pricey side.  There was nothing really "Arizona" about it, just good food.  What I thought was pretty neat was the history that surrounded the Wigwam Golf Club.  Apparently, its a hot spot for avid golfers.  The gripes:  It looked like nothing was upgraded.  I know this place has a lot of history, but I like things upgraded.  Some people appreciated the originality, which is fine w/ me!  Also, the food was pretty pricey.  THE SPA!!!!  I'll review the spa separately because of the fiasco I had there.
5	We have stayed a few times at the Wigwam and always have excellent service.  We like the elegant rooms and gorgeous lawns and flowers.  We ate for our anniversary in the Arizona Kitchen and liked the southwest flavors and open room.  We just heard about a new steakhouse they are building that will be steaks plus pool tables and a place to relax too.
3	I stayed here for a week for a business conference and across the board I was very impressed with the extremely attentive service of the hotel staff.  I don't think that I opened a door myself, lifted a buffet warmer, wiped off my own exercise equipment or looked for a conference room without an escort.  One evening we were having a reception out on the golf course (not the best plan in AZ in the winter) and the sprinklers went on.  Hotel staff literally dove to position their bodies in front of the sprinklers so that we wouldn't get wet - now that's customer service.  Overall the rooms and grounds were well maintained, but starting to show their age, with dated colors and patterns. With the growth of Phoenix as a city, the resort no longer has a secluded feel - as it's now surrounded by miles of strip malls and chain restaurants. I'd definitely return to the Wigwam for a conference.  I wouldn't return for pleasure, as, unless one played golf every day, there wasn't much to do at the resort and exploring the surrounding area would mean a trip to Chili's.
5	I always wanted to try out the place, it's so beautiful.  So when my sis and hubby came to visit, I suggested we try it out for breakfast at the Arizona Kitchen.We were a little late for breakfast and got a lunch menu but we really wanted breakfast.  Seeing as we were the only patrons in the place, the chef agreed to turn around the kitchen back to breakfast prep.  If you've ever seen how a kitchen runs, you know it's not just flipping a switch.I ordered the eggs benedict and was greeted with a scrumptious duo of canadian bacon, just-right eggs, and a hollandaise sauce that could make the Queen mum cry on fluffy english muffins.But something was missing.  The black truffles that were promised...where were they?The hostess again remedied the situation and brought back a generous helping of the decadent treat and all was good in Margaret's world.I think I licked the plate clean.  They didn't even have to wash.A little pricey, but what do you expect from a resort?  The truffles made up for it and especially the service. We asked for the chef to the table so that we could offer her our compliments.  Big frou frou expensive looking chef?  NO!  LIttle Chinese woman.Grandma!She was more than grateful for the praise we showered on her and I think the three of us were stuffed happily to the gills.Can't wait for another morning like that!
5	The Wig Wam Resort is a sprawling complex west of Phoenix in Litchfield Park. It has old school charm, with adobe inspired architecture. There are 3 golf courses with 18 holes; there are 3 pools, tennis, a conference center, and 3 restaurants. It also has a full Elizabeth Arden Red Door spa,The rooms are large, probably big enough to fit 8 King size beds side by side in a 2 x 4 format. The bathrooms are also large, with his and her sinks, separate shower cave fully tiled with a seat, large tub (but no jacuzzi spouts), and a walk-in closet. The furniture is large pieces of oak with a darker stain, and the colors are neutral sand and light cactus colors. Most rooms have balconies or patios that usually face into the pool areas. The property is well manicured and maintained. Wig Wam is a Starwood property (Sheraton, Westin, W Hotels, 4 Points) , and part of their higher end Luxury Collection brand. It is also an AAA 4 Diamond resort. However, this time of year (early June), it is very affordable. The conference rate I was attending was less than $100, but even the general best available rate was less than $150. I am sure that high season for snow birds the rates jump to over $300.As a full service resort, service is very good and everyone is very helpful and friendly. Parking is a little problematic, as you have designated areas and then walking to your room maybe a little distance. Of course they have full valet service, but self-parking is free. There are a lot of Spa and Resorts in the Valley of the Sun, literally hundreds of them, like golf courses, too. But if you like old world charm with a southwestern flavor, in a relaxed subdued atmosphere away from the show-off upwardly mobile wanabees of Scottsdale or Phoenix, this is a good choice, especially if you like golf.
3	This review is actually for the Arizona Kitchen.Went here for a Sunday breakfast. The place is very purty. When we arrived there was only one other table that was occupied, so we were seated right away. The menu is small and we knew what we wanted right away. I got the eggs benedict and the husband got a similar item , but it contained salmon and a different type of sauce.The husband ordered some coffee and said it was some of the best coffee he has had in a long time. Our food arrived very quickly and was very pleased overall with the the eggs benedict. The only complaint that I had was that the sauce was cold..not even warm, cold. I had to take a bite with the egg and ham to make sure that i got a warm bite. My husband was pleased with his as well,but his sauce was also cold.our server came to see how we were doing and I mentioned that the sauce was cold, instead of addressing the issue she just turned around and left and a few seconds later a lady came over to say that the hollandaise was supposed to be served cold. Hmmmm...I am no chef, but I have never had a cold sauce before. She never apologized, it seemed as though she was almost mocking me...like I obviously did not about food...whatever. She was not the perfect hostess, but I would not judge the place on her alone. The place is very quaint and I may go back to try some other items besides breakfast. I have heard that they serve a great dinner here, and I will definetly go back to check it out.
4	pros1.  the people here really put an effort to make their guests feel welcome.2.  the pool was nice.  they even have a slide for big n small kids3.  rooms are spacious4.  starbucks coffee u can brew in the room  (i believe it"s free)5.  tv selections were great.  don't think u have to pay.6.  u can get starbucks coffee at the lobby (not for free)7. u could actaually drink from the pool8.  pool closes at midnightcons1.  they mow the lawn n cut the bushes as early as 8am in a friday.  hard for guests to stay asleep.2. the front door of our room seemed like someone had kicked the door.  the condition was not too bad, but not good3.toilet room needs to be completely separate from the changing or make-up room for guys who need to go stright to the toilet4.  gift shop sucks..small..don't bothermy rating = 3 1/2 stars
4	This review is for their golf course, and let me preface this by saying, I am not a golfer. I don't play the game, I attempt to play it. And, when I attempt it, I do an awful job at it. Let me put it this way, I am a pro at NOT hitting the ball.  I could win championships with my skill for hitting air. That being said, this was a great course. I haven't been to too many courses in the Valley, but of them, I'd say this is one of the best I've played. There was a nice layout, with some easy shots and some pretty difficult ones. Not that it mattered for me, but for the other people I was playing with it was a nice mix for them.  With a great course, great scenery and, on this occasion, great weather, I definitely had a great time. And, if the occasion arises again for me to show-off my awesome air-hitting skills, I'll definitely do so at the Wigwam!
4	My friends are I were up at the Wigwam for a concert at one of their ballrooms. The resort was surprising. Per its namesake, one expects some sort of tacky Wigwam-type lodging, but to our pleasant surprise, it was a spacious resort on beautiful grounds. Membership has its privileges, so lucky for me that the Wigwam is a  Starwood property and me being Platinum member - it was a perfect marriage! We scored a 2-bedrroom suite - it was almost like having our own house on the property.   Each room has it's own walk in closet, double sinks and 24-Hour Room Service.The grounds were impeccable, you can always see a gardener working on the lawns or the beautiful roses that define this resort. Big plus is that they have an excellent steakhouse and an Elizabeth Arden Red Door Spa is on-site and right next door to our building. (see my separate reviews on those!) I look forward to coming back next year. I enjoyed the photos taken circa 1920s displayed in the hallways. The room was spacious, the beds very, very comfortable, the staff is very friendly and housekeeping was attentive to our requests. I'll certainly be back!
2	This review may not accurately portray the resort because it involves a planned event/conference. We stayed here last year during the same period and it was excellent. The grounds are nice - a large, sprawling complex that can be a little confusing at night. Two nice pools, a life size chess site and spacious rooms are all very impressive. The catered meals were great last year and we were able to check into our rooms early. This year, not so much. Our meetings were finished at noon, but the rooms originally would not be ready until 4pm. Later it was changed to 2pm. Some reservations for our group were not made correctly and resulted in issues. When we called about our room the day before check in, there was a long delay in actually reaching someone. The evening of the first night I attempted to place a wakeup call, but no one answered. The food this year was weak. The first day breakfast was a small continental breakfast. Lunch was a house sandwich - slices of bread, deli meat, tomato and lettuce...I would have made that in my refrigerator at home. The swordfish and nice vegetables of last year were replaced with hors d vores this year. It felt like bar food at happy hour. I didn't stay for lunch the next day - it was a sacked lunch with what I heard was a wrap. Dinner was descent with made to order pasta stations, but really it was mostly just the pasta with very little side dishes. Housekeeping was unpredictable. Day 2 it was after 1:00 and they still hadn't been in our room, but Saturday they were knocking on the door at 8:05 am. The internet access is $8 per day; the fitness center $15.There were hardly any items in the gift shop, which last year was full.  I know our total bill was high and compared to last year I had high expectations for another great weekend. The resort is in bankruptcy and being auctioned in the next few weeks. Comparing the stay this year to last year, it appeared they were cutting corners. I did not use the spa or the golf course to see how those services compared, but the services such as event planning and housekeeping were a come down from previous years.
4	Absolutely First Class, But EVERYTHING is extra, wired Internet $10 for 24 hrs, no microwave or fridge.The Wigwam is without doubt gorgeous. The word is it was recently purchased and many upgrades have apparently been made. The room could use a few more chairs there was a vanity with no seating aside from a luggage rack.
5	This may not be the most expensive resort in Phoenix, but I think it is my favorite!  It has more charm and personality than the larger, more well known corporate resorts.  This is the best value for your $ in the Phoenix Valley!The service was phenomenal and the food at all the restaurants and thru room service is great.  There are plenty of activities for children, and opportunities for quiet romance too.  Some of the rooms have a microwave and small fridge, but I believe most do not.  Last year I stayed in a room that did.  This year I was in the Oasis area which was lovely.  We had a large terrace overlooking the pool with a beautiful large soaking tub in bathroom.The Wigwam continues to be my favorite staycation resort!
4	This place is definitely geared towards retirees and businessmen, but is very clean and well appointed.The rates are competitive, as far as resorts go.  The room was extremely spacious and comfortable.  The bathroom was larger than my bedroom, complete with oversized standing shower, spa tub, and seperate toilet area.  Overall I was extremely pleased.
5	I stayed at the Wigwam for 4 days in one of their "Adobe Traditional Suites". I booked the hotel through hotels.com and paid $100 per night. When I got to the resort, I was stunned at how well maintained the facility looked. There was some construction going on near the receptionist desk but everything else was spotless. The receptionist was very friendly and let me know all the facilities that I could take advantage of and gave me a map with directions on how to get to the room (the resort is very large). Once I got to the room, I was amazed at the size of the room, all of its amenities and how inexpensive it was compared to other hotels I have stayed at in the past. The room consisted of a queen sized bed, the bed was very well made with close to 10 pillows on it and a small blanket that was made to look like a bow on the corner of the bed. The room also had a recliner, and a large desk. The bathroom had a stand up shower and a bath tub. The complimentary bathroom products included shampoo, conditioner, bar soap, shower gel, body lotion, and q-tips. The room also included a patio that had two lawn chairs, a table and a lounge chair for your use. I was saddened that I did not have any free time to check out everything the hotel had to offer but again, for $100, the room was worth every penny. Subsequently, I went onto the Wigwam's website to try and book a room and I saw that the rates were going from double to triple what I paid. I doubt I will find a rate like that any time soon for the place but always shop around for the best price.
4	I stayed at the Wigwam 2 nights for a work weekend retreat. This is a great location for retirees for mostly golfing and shopping. We happened to visit for a Leadership Summit for my company. This is a nice location to have a conference for work. The room was spacious with a wet bar, living room with fireplace, and luxuriously soft bed! I had the best nap of my life in that bed. It was divine! The decor is Southwestern/Ranch style. I am more of a fan of modern decor but I was still very comfortable during my stay. I would not normally stay here mainly due to the style but I found it very relaxing and comfortable.
4	It's a beautiful hotel, most definitely. The recent renovations are gorgeous and simply wonderful. The grounds are lush and well manicured and the staff was polite, friendly, and very helpful. The rooms were pretty adorable  in terms of the architecture and surrounding areas. They are spacious and comfortable, but the bathrooms are VERY dated. As in, 1970's fantastic here! Funky beige tiles everywhere, dark dingy shower with frosted glass window that really doesn't let much light in. I know they're trying and they're so so close to being amazing in every respect, but the rooms could be improved upon.The pool areas, common areas, poolside bar, and convention areas are gorgeous though!! You instantly feel right at home in these areas and it was beyond pleasurable just hanging out at the hotel! Really perfect for group gathering and family away-time. And did I mention everything is gorgeous?? Because it really is! Only other negative is that they charge a ridiculous amount for wifi, which is in ADDITION to the daily resort fee, and don't provide complimentary water bottles, which you would think would be a no brainer for a luxury resort in the middle of a desert state.
4	This is classic desert resort at its best.  Mellow and yet with full amenities.  I stayed in the "Oasis" area on the 2nd floor--not a casita--but really liked it.  It was quiet and had a beautiful deck overlooking the Oasis pool area.  Karen at the front desk was terrific too.  Only criticisms were 1) the lack of readily available info on the fitness classes held which I would have liked to have gone to if I had known 2) the water slide at the second (main) pool was out of service.Internet is now included as part of the $18 resort fee.I would stay there again.
5	What a great place to enjoy a wonderful and relaxing vacation.  Great service, great people and a wonderful environment.   If you want to relax this is the place!
5	BEAUTIFUL!!  Had a few issues with our room (to NO fault of the hotel), smoke alarm chirped because battery was dying, they were out to fix it in less than 2 minutes.  Then the next night we tried getting in the room, key wouldn't swipe, had new keys made, didn't work...that's when we noticed the lights didn't even show on it (red for error).  Front desk had maintenance out before we even got back to the room (we were only a few steps away), the worker verified the name registered to the room and checked id...we were thrilled that he did this (means our safety and our items are also safe!!!)  Like I said..these issues were totally out of anyone's control (unless you have esp and can predict a battery is dying).  Grounds were gorgeous, all staff extremely friendly, and their food is AMAZING.  Small play area for the kiddos, as well as two pools.  One pool has a water slide, and they bring pitchers of ice water to where you are sitting!!!  LOVE THIS PLACE.  Worth every penny!!
5	The facility is incredibly clean, the staff is friendly...and I am referring to everyone I came across. A quick hello and a smile is the norm at the Wigwam. The Room was large and comfortable. The bed is incredible....big and fluffy....I slept like a baby!The only negative thing was that they charge for everything. Like WiFi access and the use of computers in the Business Center. That became annoying. The food was impeccable and the wait staff was very attentive. Check out the pool and especially the Water Slide. Great location for a Business Meeting and very Family oriented.
4	Slightly 1980's decor, but definitely very large rooms and great service.  The golf courses and resort are very well maintained.  There are two pools and a few restaurants in the area.  It is located pretty close to I-10 which made it very easy to get to other places.  My favorite course was the Blue- and they also have someone pick you up from your room and will drive you to the club house.  The pools are very clean and we saw a lot of families staying here.  I would say I wish they had nicer tv's but I did like the touch screen thing they had in the rooms where you can get information on the resort and local attractions.
3	staying here was a reminder of the adage: you get what you pay for.  ROOMS: i'm reading other reviews that rave about the modern, recently renovated rooms and wonder if we stayed at the wrong hotel.  our room was stuck in the 1980s and in terrible need of modernization.  i'm sharing photos of the horrible sink in the wet bar, the bird-turd covered patio chairs, the ugly furniture and waste-of-space wet bar.  their TVs are small and old.  oddly, they have a fancy touch screen monitor to replace the traditional room service guide and other hotel information.  seems silly to go all out on an unnecessary item, but be frugal when it comes to necessities like a TV.  PRICE: we called one day in advance and got a great rate of about $160 for a double-double room.  i agree with others, the resort fee is ridiculous, especially since they don't provide you with much.   POOL:  the kids loved the slide but they are heavy-handed on the chemicals, so if you have sensitive skin, don't stay in too long or you may get a rash, as a couple folks in our party did.  GROUNDS: the grounds are lovely and well-maintained, giving the illusion of a luxury resort.  i fell for the architecture and all of the individual bungalows.  unfortunately, the outdated room interiors undermine this effort.ROOM SERVICE: we ordered it once and were told it would take 30 minutes and it took 1 hour and a half.  we were grateful we didn't have to catch a flight.
5	Very simple... -Big Rooms (Adobe Traditional)-Great Golf-Amazing food-Quiet!!!!-Pools are superb-Friendly StaffReally, what more do you want? Look every so often, someone has a bad experience. There are things that really shouldn't F up your vacation. Old TVs, Outdated furniture, Price of drinks and food, etc shouldn't keep you from enjoying yourself. The bar is exactly that, a bar. Don't expect waiters/waitresses, it's not how it works. If you want to be served hand and foot go to the restaurants. I will frequent here (especially in May when school is still on) because it's all that you can ask for from an inexpensive resort.
4	My husband and I decided to do a little staycation at the Wigwam - just 2 nights.  We had never stayed there before, but had attended a seminar and an office function in the past and we thought it was a pretty cool place.  Lots of history, which we really love!  When we arrived on Monday we asked for a room over by the adult pool, and the person checking us in said, "Oh, the Oasis Pool?" and we said yes.  I had read on their website that it was an adult pool and she confirmed that with her statement.  So we were off to our room and I had lovely visions of laying by the pool with nice music playing and a cabana bar nearby where waitpeople would come by and bring us fruity rum drinks.  So we got our suits on and ventured out to the pool.  There were only 3 other people there, and two of them were teenagers.  No big deal.  They were being quiet.  So we looked around for the cabana bar, and there was one, but it was closed (and there was no music).  I was disappointed, but thought maybe it would open a little later (it was 3:00pm).  Well it didn't open and it was pretty obvious that it would not open anytime in our lifetime.  So my husband found a phone over at the bar with a sign that said you could order over the phone and they would bring the drinks/food to us.  We ordered a Bud Light and a fruity rum drink.  It took about 20 minutes to arrive.  The bill was $24.00.  $24.00!!!!!!  The beer was $5, fruity rum drink was $8, a room service fee of $7 and a delivery fee of $4!  Was it our fault the Cabana bar wasn't open?!?  I asked the server (who could barely speak English) when the Cabana bar would be open.  She said in broken English, "Only open on special occasions".  What?!?  So off she went and then here come the little kiddos all excited and immediately doing cannonballs off the side of the pool!  Woo hoo!!!  OK, now I'm upset.  So I call the resort on my cell and ask if they have an adult pool.  I'm told the main pool is separated by a bridge and one side has the water slide, etc, blah, blah.  Then I say, I heard you have an Oasis Pool that is for adults.  And I'm told, well, most of the kids are at the other pool, so you would only occasionally see children at the Oasis Pool (as I'm being splashed by the latest cannonball).  He says, children are allowed at all the pools, however.  I thanked him.  Ok, so they don't have a specific "adult" pool.  Just another disappointment.  Don't get me wrong, I love kids.  I just don't want to put up with screaming and cannonballs while I'm attempting to enjoy my $12 Mai tai.Our room was nice, but it seemed a little odd that they would have this high tech touch screen computer on the desk touting their resort services along with an old fashioned TV in the old fashioned entertainment center.  And by the way, the picture links on the touch screen didn't work.  Our bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was very large with lots of towels and toiletries.  Very nice Mexican style glassware and the usual coffee maker.We decided to try the other pool (the one with the slide), because it did have a bar and music.  We thought if we stayed on the non-slide side it wouldn't be too bad.  And we were right.  Not too many kids.  We enjoyed our time there and had lunch by the pool which was served to us in our lounge chairs.  I had another Mai tai which was minus the delivery fees.  My husband brought his own Bud Lights which we secretly stashed on ice in our beach bag.  The resort was clean and well maintained.  We didn't have breakfast or dinner there, but lunch by the pool was very good.  Probably won't go back due to the lack of the adult pool, but overall it is a nice resort.
5	The Wigwam gave me and my husband exactly what we were looking for in a stay-cation.  We arrived and were greeted by the bellmen; guided to where to check in.  The front office was pleasant.  Off to our room - a bit dated, but there are plans to update within the next year.  The property was breath taking.  Even though we are in a desert, you would never know with all the green everywhere.We woke and ran around the property...stopping at the Farmer's Market...had no idea that there were so many local farmers :)After breakfast, off to the spa to relax by the pool and for treatment...just awesome.  We came back relaxed and ready to start our week.
3	I stayed their for a stay-cation. It was pretty good for the most part, except a coupe of lame things. We went to the Oasis pool and their were no towels. We order from room service 2 drink and a app and it was way over priced. People were very nice and the tennis lesson was great. Overall good but their are a lot of stay-cation options I may consider otherwise.
5	What can I say? How sweet it is to have this amazing resort within 5 minutes of home. My wife and I could not get out of town for our anniversary due to work stuff, so went with a little staycation. Had a GREAT time and felt like we were hours away from home!Ate dinner across the street and chilled at TAPS for a while. Great place to grab a drink and some light dinner. Will return often!!
5	We stayed for an anniversary weekend and were very impressed. We usually go to a resort in Vegas and this was on par to superior. Service was a highlight with absolutely no missteps. Very high beginning to end. We recommend one og the original bungalows called "traditional adobes" here for a Ricky and Lucy vibe, you can easily imagine the atmosphere in the heyday 1950s. The lodge pool was immaculate and poolside service was fantastic. Prices were reasonable for a resort, much less than you'd spend in Vegas. If you want a pleasant weekend in a well kept resort, look no further. Highly recommended
4	I was invited to a wedding here at the resort.  I had such a good time, it was so beautiful.  The well manicured landscape added to the romantic setting.  I did not visit the pool but everyone in the pool area looked like they were having a good time.  I tried to make an appt for me an my sister at the spa but they were all booked.  So call ahead if you plan on having any spa treatments.  My room was very nice and clean. The beds were very comfy and I slept really comfortable.  There was no refrigerators in the rooms, but they have these monitors that tell all about the resort.  My opinion they should have spent the money on refrigerators.  On Sunday they had what they called a Farmers market in front of the resort but it was more like a craft fair.  Not like the certified farmers markets that I am used to in California.  Still it was fun to look around.    I received a government discount for my room, this made the trip even more fun.  They charge a resort fee of $18 and this includes wireless internet.  Overall I would stay here again.
4	We stayed here in June, 2011. We had a wonderful experience. The staff was friendly, worked with us to give us a good rate (comparable to nearby hotels) and the resort provided much needed space for the kids. The property has everything you need for your stay - swimming pools (waterslide to boot), restaurant, fire pit outside to roast marshmallows and relax by, and large rooms. Tip:Walk across the property and out the gate to the Old Pueblo Cafe. They have good food at reasonable prices and live entertainment on the weekends!
2	The scenery at the wigwam was very elegant and there were plenty of beautiful butterflies around. The wigwam is said to be a "pet friendly" resort but that is where the "friendliness" stops. We brought our two dogs to the resort and they are extremely well behaved. We received a call that they were incessantly barking in our room and it was bothering our neighbor who was trying to sleep. Mind you it was 4 in the afternoon and still completely light outside.  The security asked us to quiet our dogs but we were 30 minutes away attending a wedding so we politely asked them to call us back if they would not stop and we would come take care of them. They called us back TWO MINUTES later and told us if they had to call us one more time then we would have to speak to a manager. Anyone that has a dog knows that they get excited when someone is making noise around them but they quiet down if given more of a chance than 2 minutes. We were forced to leave the wedding and come back to tend to our dogs. When we got to the hotel, our dogs were not making a sound. We waited outside for over 20 minutes and still never heard one bark. The wigwam forced us to miss a part of our friend's special day. Safe to say I was VERY disappointed with the way they handled the situation and I do not believe this place to be very pet friendly or respectful to pet owners.
5	Wife and I stayed here the other day, and even though we had to leave early, it was a great experience. The bathrooms were amazing! The steak I had at their restaurant was pretty good too. Only downside was the TV. Seemed like a 28 inch crt style tv, but I wasn't there to watch television so it wasn't a big deal.Guy at the steak house suggested a great place to stargaze as well.
4	Very classy, friendly, and helpful resort staff. Beautiful grounds, well kept. Two pools so that you don't have to be around noisy kids if you want a more serene setting. Delicious breakfast at Red's Bar & Grill. Overall, a great place to get away and enjoy the Arizona sun.
1	I'm really surprised this place has such high ratings. The room I stayed in was very dated. The bathroom was dark and funky. Internet did not work the first day. The clerk at the pro shop was very rude, and we never saw the refreshment cart. The restaurant/bar near the pool seemed understaffed. The people working were doing their best, though. There is no lobby shop so if you forget something you are out of luck. There is no minibar or snacks in the room. Just weird almonds, H2O and coffee. If you want a diet Coke you will be disappointed. There are no vending machines, either. Room service didn't answer, and I tried for an hour. The front desk clerk offered to call on my behalf. I followed up with room service myself and over the course of an hour had no success. This place looks good on the outside but there seem to be systemic issues that are beyond the abilities/responsibilities of the customer-facing employees. It's like a fancy prison. I feel like Tantalus. And I'm hungry.
5	Such a wonderful place! My husband and I spent our wedding night here and it was just a beautiful place. We went to breakfast the next morning were there was a really good buffet. We will be back soon.
5	Always fun!
4	I recently stayed a night at Wigwam during a conference for my husband's job. We didn't order any food, but all of the events were catered through the hotel so I'll review that too.Grounds: The first thing you notice are all of the beautifully manicured green spaces. Each path is lined with flowers and palm trees. The smell of fresh-cut grass and roses filled the air. There was a downed palm tree in the middle of a lawn, but they cut it up and hauled it away before lunch. The pool areas are also very nice and adults are allowed on the water slides! Food: At each event there was a buffet of fresh fruit, canapes, and assorted beverages. These were always delicious. I especially enjoyed the beef kebabs. The conference also included a three course dinner which was great. The dessert was just okay but I'm not much of a dessert person. Accommodations: The rooms were nice and comfortable. They stayed cool during the day and offered lots of privacy. I do have to knock them down a star because our bathroom was dirty. Really the only thing to complain about.
4	Stayed here a few nights last week and the grounds are amazing! The pool was really nice and relaxing, just a great time to unwind.  They guys golfed both days and enjoyed it.  Food was super.  The only complaint I have is my friend and I got pedi's at the spa for (172$) for both of us.  It was exactly a one hour treatment with a half ass massage and one of the nail ladies with short hair was actually rude!!! Other then that great trip.
5	Excellent vacation!  I still dream about sitting at the fire pit with a glass of wine!
1	Originally booked a room for 3 night in which I was given the "special" rate because I was there as part of a wedding. A week later added a 4th night and told them that according to the web site's standard rates the 4th night now offered a 35% discount which was cheaper than the "special" rate and was told it would be taken care of. Didn't think twice about it until I checked out and saw that I still had the higher, "special" rate. Contacted reservations, eventually speaking to a supervisor, Karen, who informed me that I had signed a paper when I arrived that had the "special" rate on it so I was obligated to pay that rate. When I arrived no one reviewed the rate with me, maybe because there was a line and they were in a rush, I don't know. I shouldn't have signed it without reading it more carefully, but I didn't think I was getting taken advantage of and I thought the rate adjustment was taken care of already. To top it off I found someone else's tow nail clippings on the carpet in the middle of the room the second night there. Seems they didn't vacuum before I arrived, or even the day after. Pool was nice, bed was comfortable, TV reception sucked, room and bathroom was big, towels felt like sand paper, parking was terrible, food was good but pricey even for that place. Wedding was done well and that experience was nice. Room was pricey, then they added a $22/night resort fee, then they taxed both of them at over 12% adding another almost $14/night. I wouldn't recommend to anyone just because of the way they handled my rate, both before and after the fact.
5	I loved staying at the Wigwam.  We had stayed at the Clarendon not too long before (read the Clarendon review) and we needed a totally different experience.  The staff was very courteous at check in, and asked if we were celebrating anything important, which we weren't (just a little stay-cation), but my wife did explain that we had a horrible stay at the Clarendon earlier.  I think this prompted them to go out of their way to make us feel even more welcome. They gave us the rundown on anything we needed and insisted that we call for anything at all.  Our room was in a duplex type villa on the far side of the property by the golf course, but the staff made sure to let us know that if we needed to get around the property they would send a golf cart for us.  The room was spotless and the bed was something I could sleep on forever, with luxurious bedding.  The grounds are beautifully kept, and the pools are amazing.  Poolside service for drinks was wonderful, even if you just want some water.  Just an overall amazing experience, with too much to actually write down. What kills me is that we have lived on the West Side for 10 years now, and had never gone to the Wigwam before that.  Well, I think that trend is over now.
5	Was there for a wedding recently and later for a corporate function.  The faculty and staff provide great service.  You can tell that a bunch of money has been spent on this place recently.  Meeting/dining rooms very nice.  Everything on the interior and exterior is perfectly clean and immaculately manicured.
5	I recently stayed here on a military trip to Luke afb.  The room was huge and very comfortable, the staff was superb and the facilities are top notch.  I will definitely come here again.  The only complaint is that the bartender was from New York and a Yankee fan.   Being from boston originally, the wigwam should make her change to a Red Sox fan.
4	Really nice property. A bit traditional in design - furniture is heavy & rooms are dark but comfortable. Nice big bathroom & HUGE shower - loved that.Staff are very service oriented & friendly. Conference facilities & catering were terrific.Food (catered & room service) was very good.I'd definitely stay again.
1	I haven't actually stayed at this hotel, however, I was planning too stay there in April.  The problem....DOGS!  They do not have separate hotel rooms for people with pets.  So if you have athsma or allergies this probably isn't the place for you.  Deep cleaning a room doesn't rid the room of dander.  They should have select rooms for those with pets.  Not all people like to sleep where animals have slept or maybe a select number of rooms that animals are never allowed in.  So while my friends will be staying at the Wigwam I will have to stay elsewhere.
2	This review is for "The Tower"...the Wigwam's poolside bar. We ordered drinks and food throughout the day for 4 days.  3 out of the 4 days they would add items to my tab or charge us incorrectly for more expensive items (i.e. we ordered 2 hamburgers one day- bill said 4 hamburgers, first day there we ordered and they first brought us guacamole and chips so we thought it comes with the meal- nope they just added that onto the bill even though no one ordered them. We paid for the chips even though we didn't order them. One day we ordered 2 shots of their house tequila- they charged us for the nicer tequila).  When we would point it out to them at the end of the day they would correct it, but it was pretty shady that this kept happening.  My aunt didn't even check her bill to make sure it was correct- so they could do it to people and just get more money out of them.  3 out of 4 days on my bill....seems like a scam of some sort to me.
5	The real Arizona deal. At amazing prices. Red Arden spa is incredible. Take time to spend in the lobby - talk to Les the historian. Let me show you around. Look at photos. Breathe the fresh air and history. Food at Litchfield's is superb. Eat at bar. Happy hour even. $4 glasses of good wine. Pools and relaxation. Who needs Palms Springs??
1	DO NOT -- I REPEAT - DO NOT trust these people connected to Litchfield's, the restaurant on site at the Wigwam. I married my childhood sweetheart on New Year's Day in our home. The Wigwam (Litchfield's) made us sign a contract to have our wedding dinner there, and then decided to close the restaurant for the day (New Year's Day) 36 HOURS before my wedding. There is no excuse for this. The very first thing we asked was whether the restaurant would be open for NY Day. The answer was a resounding "Yes" , next came the contract and this was months in advance. However, they had no problem ruining my wedding dinner. They shipped us off to Red's BAR & Grill for the dinner and the ambiance was in the negative category. They assured us it would be great. They did not decorate the table except to plop a poinsettia left over from Christmas in the middle. They used 3 of the 24 roses we bought them to decorate the cake and kept the rest. When we asked for them to be brought out, the manager brought the roses in the original plastic wrap and plopped them into a bucket on a side table - - UGH! It was unbelievably disappointing. It is so inappropriate to have a wedding dinner in a golf club bar, however we had no choice. No one offered to compensate us in any way. Bad show Wigwam -- you ruined my wedding dinner.PS - Then we stayed there on our wedding night in a boring, cold room overlooking the pool - nothing cozy about it. YUCK all over the place. This joint is good for conferences and that is it! Spend your money elsewhere.
4	Staycation's all I ever wanted.  Staycation had to get away!  And Happy happy happy I did.  I stayed at the Wigwam for the AZ Jazz festival this past October.  One of my most memorable experiences about this resort was the fact that I arrived after dark on the first night.  I went to the first concert that night and enjoyed the evening.   I didn't think much about the property at all.  I woke up the next morning to take a walk around and see what I could grab for breakfast.  I walked out of my casita to find that that resort is a green lush of beauty suitable for the most discerning eye!  I was WOWed by how well kept the property was.   The property is well manicured with beautiful huge palm trees everywhere.    I was very pleased with the quality of service I received at all the various points that I interacted with the staff of the Wigwam.  From the housekeeping to the bar/restaurants to the bell hops who shuttled us around in their golf carts (yes, you can call the bell hops to pick you up or drop you off).  The staff was catering to thousands of people on the property there for the AZ Jazz festival as well as the hundreds of patrons who were actually staying at the resort.  I think that everyone I encountered handled that influx of people well.Albeit, the rooms are somewhat outdated, you're not staying in an actual wigwam either!  The rooms were fairly large.  Actually, in comparison to a standard hotel room, these rooms are pretty large.  All of the casitas have these wonderful patios and my friends and I sat out there and chatted in the AZ sun!   Keep in mind that this is a historic hotel.  There are a lot of fun facts to learn when you are walking around the hotel about the hotel and the city of Litchfield and Goodyear.  There are several food options on the property and several that are right outside of the gates of the property on Old Litchfield Rd.  Since I never moved my car the 3 days I was there, I did eat at all of the resorts restaurants and some along Old Litchfield.  I realize this is getting long!  But there are a lot of things I loved about this place.  I loved the fact that the main house/lobby of the resort has all these little conversation nooks all over the place.  The lobby, if you can call that a lobby as it is huge, is so cozy and has a delectable southwestern theme to it. Property - 5 StarsRooms - 3.5 StarsFood Options - 4 StarsQuality of Service - 4 Stars.Golf  - ?? I'll try to do that when I return.
4	I stayed here in January when my wife had a business conference to attend.  I loved the throwback, southwest decor and theme of the property.  The rooms were nice and spacious, especially the bathroom.  The staff was friendly and accommodating.The property sprawls a little so there are 4 pools.  We visited 2 of them and were fortunate enough to have warm weather during our stay.  On top of that, the pools are heated nicely, probably to somewhere in the mid to upper 70's.Some random notes: there are no elevators for the second story rooms.  If you are handicapped or just have a ton of stuff to lug, ask for a room on the first floor.  Along the same line, you have to find parking near your room.  When it's crowded, this may be difficult.  I personally did not see any handicapped parking near our room.  The walk to the main pool was a little trek for me.  To their credit, they do offer golf cart rides if you call.  Lastly, the water slides are turned off for the cold months.  I was told that they don't function until February or March.  I'm not sure when they shut them down.
3	the rooms are a bit dated and could use a refresh. The grounds are beautiful, the food very nice. This is a great place for a business conference, but I would find a resort closer to the action if I were on vacation.
2	Recently stayed at the Wigwam during our vacation to see some Spring Training Baseball. Although the resort is a five star I was not impressed with the rooms. I could have stayed at the Springhill Suites for half the price with the same size room. The rooms were also out dated and are in need of a makeover. Next time I visit Arizona I will select a different hotel.
1	I would never suggest this resort to a friend.  The rooms were old and gross.  The carpet was crusty when I walked on it, the conditioner bottle was half used, and the bathroom tile grout was missing/dirty.   The amenities sounded nice, but they were all booked.  No pedicure, manicure, cabana, pool chair, etc. even when calling ahead.  There is a resort fee, so plan on paying it if you want internet, use of the fitness center or even to park your car.  So you are paying a premium to stay at a resort, but you can't use the amenities and even if they were available you have to pay for them again.  Definitely not a four star resort.  Maybe half a star, it had a bed.
2	The grounds are beautiful and the patio areas are just beautiful!  My complaint is with the Wigwam Bar.  The food was probably one of the worst meals we've ever had.  We dined there on Easter and perhaps it wasn't the regular or most talented staff due to the holiday, but service was not good and the food was barely acceptable.We all enjoyed a finely made cocktail and I believe each drink was $9 which is acceptable and comparable to other places.  Our youngest daughter had a virgin strawberry daiquiri which was $6.75 and seemed a bit over-priced, but still acceptable.  We all enjoyed the chips with salsa and quacamole which was good.  I had the quesadilla which was okay.  Somehow not as flavorful as I had imagined from the description, but decent.  Another person had a shrimp and chorizo plate that they felt was okay.  The problem was with my husband and daughter's burgers.  They ordered them well-done, but they were quite pink throughout.  My husband managed to eat approximately 75% of his although he reported that it really was not enjoyable.  Our daughter took one bite and stated, "It tastes like a dirty diaper."  Yes, we're all wondering HOW she knows what a dirty diaper tastes like.  She didn't eat any more of the burger but did eat her fries.  My water glass remained empty throughout the meal.  When the waitress inquired as to how we enjoyed our meals, I did inform her that our daughter's hamburger was quite uncooked in the middle.  She did offer to have it remade, but at this point we all were finished with our meals.  I asked if she could remove it from the check and she did, including the fries that our daughter DID eat.  I was grateful for that.  I think we would go back for the happy hour which I believe was 5-7 daily and had certain drinks and food items for $5.  I don't think I would pay full-price again for the food.  Honestly, we've had better fast-food or quick-service meals, but, certainly the atmosphere at the beautiful Wigwam Resort can't be beat.
5	Excellent in every aspect! I mean in every little aspect:)
5	Awesome place all around!
4	We've been here 7 days now with two left.  It's impeccably clean, furnished with big beautiful comfortable pieces.  The room is spacious with very cozy couch and chair.  The lodge/pool/bar/restaurant/entertainment area is invitingly warm in decor but kept cool in this desert heat.  The biggest plus is the service.  Quick, seemingly genuine friendliness.   Every worker I've passed has greeted me.  The food has been surprisingly healthy and very tasty.  For that I'm really thankful because we've been able to  eat every meal here at the resort making our stay easy.  I love that they use Tazo chai as I'm addicted to my very specific Tazo chai lattes.Only one thing they're missing for long stays....a washer and dryer.  I'm not going to pay their laundering prices, I could buy all new clothes by the time I paid for each piece laundered.  My kid is here playing ball.  I gotta wash that uniform every day.  I have to go sit in a laundromat when I'd really rather be by the pool or bar waiting for my loads to process.  Plus one of the laundrymats I went to was a really sketchy neighborhood.  I've been in a lot of hotels and resorts.  This is the only one I've ever been in that didn't have a least one washer dryer shoved in a corner somewhere.But this place is very worth staying at.  Overall,  my son and I are very happy here.
2	Pretty disappointing.  They surprise you with a daily $20 resort fee  plus taxes to park and use the internet.  The room was nice, comfortable bed, but it took 2 days to get hot water for a shower (was lukewarm), no tv guide-only channels, and no one knew how to set the clock alarm???  The bar happy hour food was very over priced for taste and portion.  I was so excited to stay at a resort cheaper than the local Holiday Inn, but it was more disappointing than a Holiday Inn.  The front desk clerk had no desire to handled any of my concerns.  NEVER AGAIN!
5	I am a resident of Litchfield Park and the Wigwam is the perfect place to unwind. Whether your a resident or vacationer the amenities of the Wigwam are awesome.  The Wigwam bar inside the lobby is the perfect destination. Incredible service, great food, etc. Katy, Sandra, and Jaclyn are awesome examples of the "Wigwam experience."
4	Not what I expected. Very spread out. Nice resort though and you can catch a golf cart to get around on hot days or if arthritis has you down. Would've given 5 stars but given a cold 'unwelcome' by a young desk girl who did not want to be bothered answering any of my questions. Consequently I had no idea where to go or what to do and spent entire first day in my room.
5	Relaxing getaway with comfort and charm. This resort captivated me as a child and still does, 20 something years later. Set in the tranquil environment of Litchfield Park, it is great for those visiting AZ as well as those needing a staycation. Whether you are into golfing, spa days, or want a day by the pool with food and drink, the resort has plenty of amenities. The privacy of the rooms, the uniqueness of the decor and the scrumptiousness of the bed/bedding make it worth it too! Walking through the front, you are visually greeted with pictures showing the transformation of the Wigwam over the years. It is full of culture and everyone you meet seems to take special pride/care in making your experience there a wonderful one. During a special week long conference we brought our small dog with us and even the housecleaning staff was so kind to him, asking if we would like him walked during the day.I urge you to see for yourself what I consider one of the best kept secrets of the west valley.
5	My husband and I are checking out today after spending the weekend here. We have been so pleased with everything from the large size of our room and bathroom, to the beautiful pools with water slides for our kids. The staff has been everything that is courteous and indulgent. The atmosphere here at night is also very pleasant and upscale. At poolside last night we were treated to live guitar music and singing from the Wigwam Bar area. To top it off we just finished a delicious breakfast served to us outside at the same bar. We have never received our food so promptly, we had settled in for a long wait and were pleasantly surprised. Stay here, you will love it!
5	We loved it so much we booked our second stay before leaving! I'm surprised to see any negative reviews for The Wigwam, I just find it absolutely impossible not to love this place with excellent customer service and accommodations. We are beyond floored with Wigwam. From the moment we pulled into the resort to the very second we sadly had to leave, the service and friendliness was extraordinary!Our check in took all of two minutes if that, the staff members escort you to your suite, settle you into your room and truly go over and beyond their job! We had a list of requests for our stay and all of them were met plus more! Amenities:Fitness Center: Very clean and machines are in good shape. Two things that were ekky was guests leaving towels and water cups on the machines.Pool: Beautiful! Wifi: Free and fast despite the windy mornings.Pet friendly!: Our pup received the same welcome that we did! A little pup treat, bottled water and baby talk. Which our dog loves! There is also plenty of parking steps away from your room. So much to do on site that you really don't need to leave the resort. I have an app counting down the days till we are back. We miss The Wigwam!!!Thank you to all of the staff for always being so friendly and for making our stay so enjoyable. You guys rock!
4	This review is only for their banquet staff and meeting space.  I participated in a golf tournament recently and the pairings party and post-golf awards luncheon was held in the ballroom of this hotel.  Both events were executed well.The food was very good and fresh.  For both events, it was served banquet style with carving stations for the meat and live cooking stations for the pasta....very cool.The VIP media reception in the pre-function area was a little crowded.  There was around 100 to 150 people there for that and I think the space can only handle about 100 max...it was a little uncomfortable.  However, the wait staff serving passed hors d'oeuvres handled it well.  The hosted bars were serving high quality Wine, Beer, and Liquor and the bartenders were great.Overall, I was impressed with their ability to put on a high quality event.Return Factor - 90%
5	4.5 stars rounded to 5 for service. Staff was awesome. They direct you to your door with a gold cart when you arrive. We booked a king and we were upgraded to the suite!The grounds are beautiful. Well designed and well maintained. The room we were in was massive. One weird thing is the room was completely upgraded and modern except for the door knobs. Don't know why they didn't spend the extra money to make the finishing touch. Maybe they aren't done yet. The price for a king room is reasonable.The pools were also well maintained and we had the 20+ person hot tub all to ourselves.I would go back!
5	I really can't think of how they could improve the place.  It is what it is.  A classy, old school resort that makes you feel like you are vacationing like your grandparents did.  Beautiful southwest style lobby and furniture everywhere.  Landscaping was perfect.   Every room is a casita that seems to invite company and drinks.  The place is made for socializing.  I had a great time here for a few days for a work conference. Food was excellent and the staff always asked if you needed help with anything.  Huge recreational facilities that included pools, workout rooms, and (gasp) 3 18 hole golf courses.
5	Considered a Historic Hotel of America. Built in the early 1900s, and originally owned by the Goodyear Tire and Rubber company. It is said it was built to house the sales executives of Goodyear. Company president Paul Litchfield (the city named after him and he a descendant of the mayflower occupants apparently) was supposedly convinced to make the location a winter retreat and the Wigwam resort was open for business in 1929. 440 acres, very beautiful. If you golf there are 3 courses for you. Found this Gem through Hotwire.com. It has been fun picking a 4 or 5 star and not knowing where you are going to end up. The Wigwam was a pleasant surprise. We got here around 7pm but it was dark so it was hard to see the resort and all its glory. When we showed up we were greeted by someone and was pointed into the direction of the reception area. When we entered I noticed free oranges on a table that some dude decided he wanted them and took them all. Not sure why he was being so greedy. It was late so maybe he figured there wasn't going to be anyone that wanted them but it was still weird and tacky.  I rushed to the bathroom since I had been holding it during the drive and noticed SportsCenter in the bathroom mirror. How awesome is that. Of course I took a picture!!Originally was given room 355. Was driven there in a golf cart. Valet parking is free. Of course, it is common courtesy to tip though. The Valets always seemed surprise to get the tip. Maybe it isn't so common??.Weird old antique musty smell to room. I was hoping it could be aired out. Never had the chance to find out because we had to switch rooms. We reserved two queens but the room had only one king. (have kids so need two beds) We were moved to Room 348. Took a while since the golf cart battery ran down. Waited outside a bit and eventually went back into the smelly Room 355 because it was a crisp 52 degrees and felt even colder. Room 348 had the same antique musty smell too, just not as potent. Luckily overtime the smell got better, or I just got used to it and didn't notice it anymore. Looked up smelly hotel rooms and read that it is caused by mold, humidity, and a lack of ventilation. Whatever. The beds have 8 pillows 4 were decorative. The room looked fine. HDtv with HD channels (a thing for me. no standard definition on a High Definition TV. Just makes no since.)On the dresser there were 2 water bottles and 2 bags of trail mix $5 a piece. We left them alone. A bit pricey, we just got our snacks from the Walgreens around the corner. Called the front desk and had a mini fridge and a microwave brought to the room. Still tipped and still got that startled surprise. Maybe they were doing it because I don't look like a guy that would tip. lolI noticed strangely that the doors do not seem to fit in the doorways. Not just the regular doors but all doors. Cabinet doors, closet doors, even the shower door didn't fit its frame. It was as if someone choose the door but didn't measure it probably. Wasn't a big deal but still seemed off. The bathroom was cool. The shower had marble looking tiles and a large square shower head from Delta. It felt like showering in the rain. It was wonderful actually. I didn't want to leave the shower, plus while you are in there you can't smell the room. I am going to the Home Depot to find this shower head!  The rest of the bathroom had a nice modern style look. Definitely upgraded. Woke up in the morning and was able to see the resort and all its beauty. I know what lush greens mean from walking outdoors. Just a really pretty place. While walking to the main office I noticed gingerbread houses. Got closer and what do you know they were Real Gingerbread houses!!!! What tipped me off? The hundred bees that were feeding off the gingerbread houses. Not a smart idea. Small Rant*Not only was the smell bothering me for a few days (I stayed 4) But I started itching the first night too. It was just weird. It did get better and it didn't effect the way I reviewed the Wigwam. (I think I grew accustomed to the smell). End Small Rant*There are 3 pools on site. The Oasis (I am guessing the older pool that has been upgraded.) I was told it is unofficially the adult pool. The other pool site has a section of it for children called the kids corner which has water slides. It has a booth that serves kid type foods. A nice touch. I am told by the locals that this area is new. There is a bar off to the side and a bit further they have The Wigwam Bar. Very nice for adults. There is one other pool called the Spa pool. I have seen pictures and it looks nice. You can only enter the site if you pay for the spa. Maybe next time. The pools are heated by the way.  The Wigwam has an app on App Store and Google play. Very helpful if you want to get around and not sure where things are. There was another bar closer to the spa pool that I didn't get to see. Maybe next time. A+ Staff. Good job Wigwam!
1	**Absolutely hot garbage and overrated** Please spend your hard earned money elsewhere.  My room smelled like cat urine and the sinks and shower were slow draining, great place if you like cold showers in the morning time.  **I would rather stay in a Marriot Courtyard any day of the week.**
4	Very nicely decorated for the holidays the concierge I'm very knowledgeable they do have fresh oranges for the guests to eat at anytime lots of fireplaces bonfire pits outside the inside bar is a little bit narrow and crowded would be nice if they had two bartenders in which was kind of slow with the one they have live music playing in the background which was very nice the grounds are extremely beautiful for being out in the middle of the desert Nice pool kid friendly one with the big slide and splash pool area and lots of chairs it's a nice place of pop in and check out if you're in the neighborhood and maybe stay on your next trip
5	I absolutely loved the Wigwam and would recommend it to anyone who is looking for a low-key vacation spot. The grounds are beautiful and the service is exceptional, including the knowledgeable concierge who went out of her way by calling her personal contacts for advice on a hiking recommendation and then call me back with a wealth of information. I went in mid December and we practically had the whole place to ourselves, which gave us ample opportunity to explore the amenities and beautiful rose gardens, fountains, and the interesting layout of the resort. The pool areas are just beautiful! I came for a getaway from Chicago and it really felt like I could relax here and just get away from humanity for a few days. The only thing that could make the resort better is if the rooms were a wee bit more polished and updated. However, for the price I paid, I got a great value and a large, clean room, so I really can't complain. I will most definitely be back to the Wigwam : )
5	My company held a post golf outing and Welcome Reception for a conference group. We had it on a green under the Teepee.Everything about this event was fantastic; the golf pro's participation, the catering and audio visual teams input and efforts, the unique menu and even the pricing was most reasonable. Allison exceeded my expectations and the event was a huge success. Best of all, we all watched the fiery sunset together!
4	Just retired from the military and stayed here several times.  Nice staff who are very helpful, nice rooms, great amenities, and great location.  4 stars.  The only negative that I can think of was slow WIFI.
5	My husband and I were married at The Wigwam in March and we couldn't have been happier with our venue choice. We cant say enough good things about the wedding coordinator Allison - she made everything easy! The Wigwam grounds are beautiful, the ceremony site is wonderful and the staff are very accommodating and friendly. My husband and I would recommend The Wigwam to anyone wanting to get married or get away. We cant wait to go back!
5	Every time I stay at the WIgwam, I never want to leave.  It is such a beautiful hotel with amazing gardens and grounds.  The staff are friendly, the service is great and the brunch is fantastic! A little retreat in the desert, I always leave super relaxed! A great place to get away on a staycation in the valley!
1	Appears to be family friendly but really isn't. Nice location, very good rooms and a fun pool for the kids but a management that was essentially unwilling to enforce basic civil behavior. An outdoor party with music so loud in the main courtyard surrounded by rooms that went on till 10:15 pm.The clincher? An obviously drunk guest who got a hold of the microphone and kept using horrific profanity ridden language screaming over the loud music. An f bomb followed by an MF bomb, yeah that bad. But wait it gets better, despite repeated calls to the front desk and assurances that security was on its way I was told that it is the guest's free will to say whatever he wished!! Can't even fathom saying that to a family with small kids having to listen to that. Sticking with the Phoenician next time.
4	I'm updating my review to 4. They did reach out to me and helped rectify the situation. I'm going to give them another go and won't let one bad experience ruin the potential future fun we have at the Wigwam. We were there for Easter Brunch yesterday. I thought after a day I would be 'over it' but I am still mad about the whole experience.1. I called in early April to make my reservation. We went over it a few time, 5 adults and 2 high chairs, for a total of 7. When we were brought to our table yesterday, there were 5 chairs. It then proceeded to take 4 servers and 10 min to figure out how to get us two high chairs.2. On the phone with the reservation woman, she suggested we sit at 9am, so that we could take our little boys on the Easter egg hunt at 10am. I thought great, we didn't come last year because the boys couldn't walk yet but this year was going to be really exciting - their first egg hunt. WELL, the Easter egg hunt was on SATURDAY, not SUNDAY. So why the hell did she have me schedule our brunch time around an egg hunt that wasn't happening? Not to mention, if I had known it was Saturday - well, we could have brought the boys.3. When we arrived for Brunch, they were running behind and didn't even seat us at 9am, our reservation time. Probably about 9:10. 4. We had not 1, not 2, but 3 server changes in the first half hour of being there. They were lazy, they never took our plates - I brought dirty plates to a tray I saw set up, they screwed up our drink order of 2 teas and 3 coffees (HOW EASY). Their speech was extremely unprofessional and after dropping off the drinks we hardly saw them again. 5. There was a 20% tax for the piano guy? We couldn't even hear him, we were outside. 6. The food was MEDIOCRE. My prime rib was dry. There were NO egg dishes except 1 person running an omelet stand - which I didn't want to wait 20 min for. How about just a warmer with some scrambled eggs or quiche??7.  I was also told if we sat on the patio it would be covered. The umbrellas out there were a joke. We had to drag our own table to try to get most of us in the shade. I explicitly asked when I made the reservation if the patio was covered because we had little ones and elderly in our group.Overall, I will never return here for Easter Brunch again. Very disappointing. I'm disgusted in what we paid, for this experience.
5	I took a few days off to go to this hotel out on the west side that I have heard off.  It is a very nice hotel, newly renovated and the staff there is outstanding.  From the minute you arrive at the hotel, you are greeting and made to feel like family.  Overall, I would recommend for a shoprt weekend stay or a longer 4-5 day stay.  Very relaxing.
5	I was in town visiting family for Easter and we had brunch at the Wigwam.  The place was busy, but we were able to get seated quickly.  The food was great and I enjoyed the wide variety they offered.  Our waitress made time to answer our questions and made sure we had a great meal.  I would definitely come back again if given the chance and try to enjoy all that the Wigwam has to offer.
5	Celebrating 30th wedding anniversary and we were SO delightfully surprised and impressed by our stay at the Wigwam.  We had a room located right on the greens of the course with rose lined walk ways.  Wifi signal was good.  Food choices all within a 5 minute walk.  I didn't understand why anyone would take the cart shuttle around the resort and miss out on all the beautiful plants, cactus, birds and sights while walking around the resort.  Housekeeping kept our room pristine.  We swam in the beautiful pools, relaxed and drank our frozen drinks.  Loved sitting out by the Wigwam Bar, listening to great local musicians perform.   A great get away.  Next time we'll bring the whole family.  All positives for our May anniversary visit.  Thank you Wigwam!
5	What a bunch of pre-madonnas on here...i had to pos after reading about "horrible" experiences and having syayed here recently.  If you all had a truely horrible experience then you have lived a priveledged life and should try living out of your comfort zone where life can really be "horrible" at some place and for some people.  Wigwam is beautiful. Clean. Pools are great. Staff is at least pleasant. Food id better than average. It beats stauing at a hampton inn for a few dollars less. Rooms are clean...ill come back anytime...get off ur high horses people...u need a really check of what truly is and is not horrible in life.
3	My family and I went there for Mothers Day brunch and I was very disappointed. The food was decent but nothing to write home about. Especially for $42 bucks a head. The dessert table was awful. Basic tasteless pastries and sprinkle covered marshmallows made to look like cake pops. I was only given one mimosa and our server never came back to ask if we wanted anything else to drink. Our total bill was $134.00 (gratuity incl.) for two adults and a six year old child. Ridiculous! I love the resort and will consider staying for a fun staycation but will go across the street to eat rather than spend my hard earned money for mediocre food...I do not recommend the brunch...obviously.
2	Resort was beautiful staff was awesome from the valets to the check in. Now  to the meat and potatoes for this review, after checking in we decided to go and relax at the oasis pool when we arrived at the pool around 1200 there was your normal group of people having a good time then within 30 minutes four families with around 12 kids between them ascended on the pool to enjoy the area the only problem the parents sat up in the bar area enjoying adult time while the kids ( about 10  12 year old boys / 2 little girls ) played in the pool, now you would say what's wrong with this picture well I'll tell you they were rude loud and was throwing a football and ball in the pool. I may sound like a kid hater however that is not the case we have four kids of our own ( all grown ) and love to see families having fun unfortunately that is not the case here we even moved away from the kids only to have them migrate to the area we moved to. We weren't the only ones that felt this way people in and around the pool were also complaining about the kids some even left the pool area now this is the icing on the cake while all this was going there was a resort employee watching the whole thing happen and didn't say a word..... Last but not least I would say to anyone wanting to have a little get away at the wigwam stay away and save your money, I can say without a doubt I will never be back and I will tell everyone I know how our experience was !
4	Spent two nights here for a family event.  Since I love older resorts and historical sites this type of hotel was a perfect choice. Check in was quick and getting a roll away bed was no problem. The grounds are well kept and the style Territorial or SW is so charming.  The pool we visited was the kid-friendly one that has two waterslides.  The ONLY exception to the stellar customer service however occurred at the pool. Our server was a very young (16?) girl who took our drink order and disappeared for 25 minutes. Keep in mind that it is at this point 103 degrees in the shade. And she didn't seem to be busy at all as we could see her from where we were sitting.  My husband noted that many hotels and resorts now include a 20 percent gratuity automatically and that it was unfortunate because servers aren't incentivized to provide a good customer experience.   Finally he got up and walked over to the bar and simply asked the bartender for his drink. The young girl seemed to disappear as he walked up. A few minutes later my husband had his  drink and returned to our spot at the pool when a more mature server (Christine maybe?) greeted us and apologized for her coworkers lack of service. She was from Chicago as is my husband and they chatted for a moment. Later we confirmed that the 20 gratuity was not included but that younger server was probably not well-suited for her job.
4	How fantastic to have such a great getaway this close to home!I was frustrated that when booked in a group block, the reservations department can't view or alter reservations. Changes could only be made with group reservations during banker's hours. We ended up just keeping our reservation the same, for an extra night above the event...and we were glad we did.The king room was clean and spacious. The mattress was super-comfy. I need this mattress! Locally made snacks for purchase were a nice bonus.The staff was wonderful...except for the banquet employee at the open bar of the event we were attending. She embarrassed a friend by blatantly asking him and his wife if they belonged at the event. They went and retrieved their place card and ID to be served. This was asked of no one else.The room service and Red's menus were lacking on variety, but the fare we did have was great. The pecan-crusted tilapia at Red's was amazing. The steak was flavorful and seared to perfection.The service at the Wigwam Bar was also wonderful. Drinks were strong and abundant.The pool was a bit too MTv Beach House for us, but the kids would love the tunes and the waterslide.We will be back for a staycation soon!
2	What is happening at the Wigwam?  The last couple events I've attended there have left me scratching my head.  The staff are not as graciously friendly as in years past and there are not as many helpful folks around to greet you and direct you.  Getting lost at Wigwam is EASY.  GettIing help is not easy anymore.The resort is still beautiful and is aging graciously.  I've been visiting the Wigwam for more than 20 years and am delighted it is still here, nestled away in the heart of Litchfield Park.I want to preface this comment by saying I attend several charity dinners each year at various hotels around the valley.  I have been to events at the Wigwam in the past and have always been amazed by the great service and great food. They've always been a cut above the rest.  This year I have been to two events at Wigwam and both left me a little disappointed.  Last night, however, I was more than disappointed, I left annoyed enough to come here to Yelp and write a review.We attended a sit down dinner event at the resort last night.  I was astonished in a not good way at several things.  First of all, the temps inside the ballroom were very warm, too warm for mingling around a congested drink station area.  The cash bar was too expensive ($4.75 for bottled water - even in the desert that is ridiculous).  The restrooms were beautiful but oddly lacking in soap dispensers.  Maybe someone stole them?The worst part of the evening was not only the food but the serving staff.  Dinner was a slab of meat, perhaps sirloin, resting on some broccoli and carrots which were seated on top of a large scoop of potatoes.  All of this was rather thrown in front of the guests by the harried staff.  The servers were abrupt and all business.  No time for discussion of any kind, no time to ask for anything.When I was able to get my knife through the hide of the beef I realized it was bloody and red - probably cooked to no more than rare inside, although the exterior was seared nearly black.  I am no fan of slabs of beef and even less of a fan of bloody slabs of beef.  After about 5 minutes I was able to attract the attention of our server.  I asked her if I could have my meat cooked "well done" and that resulted in my plate being grabbed away from me and the server loudly announcing to another server "they want this cooked more" - not nice, not polite and not professional.While the rest of the guests at my table sawed away at their beef with their dull knives, I waited with napkin in lap for more than 15 minutes while my meat was cooked longer.  When everyone else was done with dinner, a waitress walked throughout the dining room with my plate of food (uncovered, by the way) looking for who it belonged to.  Finally with the aid of my tablemates and their pointing fingers, the plate was delivered, along with this comment "The cook wants to know if this is done enough for you" as the plate is tossed in front of me.  I never had a chance to cut into the meat before the waitress was gone for good.I cut the meat only to find it red inside. There's no way I am going through the shame of asking the staff to have it corrected again!!!    I gave the slab away to another diner who likes bloody meat.  So now, some 20 minutes have gone by and I am going to eat my $60 plate of mashed potato, two carrots which have barely been warmed, have absolutely NO SEASONING, and are covered in meat blood, and two stalks of broccoli which are also not cooked and also not seasoned.  Again with the knives - they were so dull I could not cut the vegetables.  Terrible.The dessert service was just as bad and the cake was horrible.  It seemed to be a frozen amaretto flavored tiramisu with a dollop of Hershey's chocolate syrup on the plate.  I have had better dessert at Village Inn.  Coffee service was unprofessional as the unpleasant and unhappy waitress had no clue how to serve coffee without making the diners feel like it was a punishment to her.  I left without eating the cake or drinking the coffee.  Not a good meal.From the reviews on this page, I'd say it might be time for Wigwam to hire a new chef, one who likes to cook things from his/her own recipes and who understands the value of impressing guests at a catered meal or at a lovely brunch.  Our family is staying at the Wigwam for the July 4th weekend and I can only hope that things improve by then.
2	Never again.  The only reason I give it two stars is the fact that the service staff was wonderful.  The front desk staff was condescending and totally unaccomodating and could care less about your business.  Stuck my family in upstairs room, right by all the noisy restaurants, sinks were backed up, faucet broke, air conditioning broke, never got the microwave I requested weeks prior to arriving.  The front desk has no customer service skills after you check-in.  We stayed for 8 nights although our original reservation was for 9 nights.  They charged for the 9th night anyway because that's what I agreed to.  No one told me at check-in about early penalty.  There were other issues too and also have friends who had similar struggles with front desk staff.  My advise, stay away.  There are plenty of other hotels to choose from in the local area.  Hotels that don't nickel and dime you and penalize you for checking out one night early.  I guess they need to collect all the money they can to repair the rooms!
5	Never been here, but it is a great place.  Quiet and clean.  Fun pool for the kids.  Great service.  Huge suites to stay in.
5	We had such a great time! I'm a mom of 2 special needs boys and decided this year we were finally ready to go on a little staycation- this really was a milestone for my little family and I wanted everything to be easy breezy- and fun! The Wigwam welcomed us warmly and we didn't have to lift a finger to get to our room! We enjoyed quite a few meals in our room which were fast, convenient and delicious! We loved having cheese pizza on speed dial for the little ones! Pool side service was friendly and attentive and the food and drinks were delicious as well! The kiddos had a blast swimming and going down the water slides! Also felt the lifeguard was very sweet with my kids! The game arcade came in handy and my boyfriend enjoyed the golf course and staff so much that he played again on Sunday! The room was clean, the beds were comfy and the kids just loved all the activities! Especially seeing all the animals from the Wildlife Zoo! We will definitely be going back to the Wigwam for more family time!
5	My dad got a really good deal on this hotel so they stayed here for 2 nights for a staycation. He invited me to come and visit them and swim too. It was very nice. The pool has a kid section 3 ft. with a water slide and 5 ft. deep for adults. The pool was heated but I'd rather have the water a little bit colder during summer because it was really hot when I came, 116 record breaking temperature. I also went inside their room and it was nice and big. My dad mentioned that he got a room upgrade, I checked out the bathroom and it was big too, it has a tub and a separate shower. I will watch out for good deal and stay here.
4	A Gem Right In Litchfield ParkA out of town friend stayed a few mights at the Wigwam Resort.  I have to admit I love the wigwam.  The Wigan is a  Historical hotel that has modernized but has been able to retain the historical past beautifully.  The Wigwam has magnificent restaurant, beautiful golf courses, day spa,  places to walk, pools, bocce courts, and volleyball.  When you stay at the Wigwam you never have to leave the resort because the Wigwam has it all.
4	Review of our stay this past spring training - March, 2014. For some perspective, we are a family of 4, me and the wifee, a 4 year old boy and a 13 month old boy...So many good things about this place, but on this trip here (our second), there were also some surprising and negative experiences. Its amazing how black a mark one scour or ugly face or shockingly negative attitude can make on an otherwise wonderful experience. Like I said, this was our second trip to the Wigwam, having stayed her two years ago, almost to the weekend (we come for all the spring baseball). Most importantly, so much praise and thanks go to Christine out by the pool. She was lovely to us from day one, and even managed to salvage one of the negative experiences we had over the weekend single-handly, and after people that I'd guess were her superiors failed to even show that they cared. Thank you.  To sum up our negative experience, just avoid everyone at the front desk at all costs. One female in particular seemed to think I had asked for her first born child, instead of a ping pong ball. Also, wifi, really guys... this is severely lacking. On the positive - and there are many, full disclosure - again, PING PONG! Outside in the courtyard, and bocce ball, and oranges... just in a basket, refreshed every day. and they sell smores kits for the fire pit! YEAH! And the pool is wonderful, with a great slide and a smaller water-play area for the very young. And You can get a DVD and rent DVDs for you room for FREE! Bye-bye VOD! And a DJ that was totally family friendly. I started this review right after our trip, and I had it at 3 stars. I give it 4 now because of (a) Christine, who should be the damn manager of something there, and (b) the sum of the good parts is greater than just them together. This place really has some magic to it. Just be ready for a less than perfect experience.
4	I was a bit dubious because this is an older hotel but we had a lovely time.  We opted to bunk here for the weekend because we had back-to-back concerts in the west valley.  Our room was huge and poolside.  The fridge was empty - THANK YOU!  I so appreciate having room for food and drink.  Beds were comfy and the bathroom was nicely appointed.  There was even a nice little bar area where we could keep our drinks.  We only ate the Tower Bar and it was a light lunch but it was fabulous.  Daiquiris, greek salad and hummus.  Delish!  I didn't have much interaction with the staff but the folks I encountered were nice and very helpful.  Be forewarned that it is a large property and it's easy to get lost.  When you check-in, the bell staff will have you follow them in a golf cart to take you to your room.  They also seem to have random staff roaming the property probably for maintenance purposes but they'll also pick you up and take you to your room if you get lost.  :)  Summer rates are reasonable and it was a nice little getaway.
4	My wife loves this place.   We stay here when we come up to Phoenix for the Cardinals games.  It's a bit dated, but this is an excellent place to stay on the west side of town.  The restaurant and bar close too early when there's a Sunday or Monday nite game, which is something they should reconsider as people will return to the resort for something to eat or a nitecap as they are all wired from the game, especially if the Cards had won.    The food is good and be careful of which rooms you stay in.  Some need a major rehab in terms of windows opening or the locks working.   The room we have had for the past couple of stays was so good we could have moved in and never left.   The gym is good, but a bit snooty from some of the local residents who obviously have memberships in the facility.
5	The Wigwam resort really was a gem in the west side of the Valley of the Sun. The pool is beautiful with amazing cabanas that light up at night and an array of fountains that just make it all the more enjoyable. The food was high quality each and every time and the front desk service was amazing. I would love to go back and I recommend this place to anyone looking for a retreat with Southwest Charm and ambiance. Enjoy yourselves!!
5	This resort is a gem. Friendly and helpful staff, impeccable grounds, renovated and very spacious rooms. The golf course is beautiful. Will definitely return for all future visits to central AZ.
5	An amazing resort, although we didn't play tennis or swim, and we just stayed for one night. The Wigwam is a beautiful place, on the Historic register. We had a delicious breakfast out on the patio. The central building is full of wonderful Indian and Southwestern art. Make sure to meet friendly Jim who will give you a tour and history of the interior, and Ray who will give you an encyclopedic tour of the grounds, buildings and history on his golf cart!Lovely, we will come again for a longer stay!
4	great location, great room sizes, very friendly team working at the front desk fantastic internet at all corners and overall, just a fantastic stay. It's an older feel hotel to it, but I wouldn't complain as it has got everything else that sometimes a newer, modern hotel doesn't have!
4	Beautiful grounds, great help with the wedding i going in. Helped getting wedding party members to and from cars to get ready, and helped getting everything to the Bride and Grooms suit at the end of the night.The  Wedding coordinator we had at the beginning of our day was amazing, the wedding went late so she had another gal come in for the later part of the reception, no big deal it ended at 10-11ish and we started at like 8 am. But the Second Gal she had come in and said hi and disappeared for a while, I had the job of finding her so the Bide and her groom could get set to end the day. 45 mins later , Found her at one point eating the food from the reception during the reception, at the time the bride was NOT OK with since we had been trying to find her. She finally showed  and tried to tell me oh we don't don't a, b or c, In the contract for the wedding a,b, and c were in there and when it was to happen and why, Thank god for Gentleman who i believe was Security( was in a nice suit and had a Wigwam tag on) he called a bell boy had him take care of moving things to the room and were supposed to be moved, The bell boy even went and got the suitcase's that had not been picked up yet from the wedding party room. On my way out(@ 12:15am) I went out the front and my car was near the back with the room, Thank god for the guy with the golf cart, dropped me right at my car door so sweet, Thank you.
5	The hotel is outstanding.  Great grounds, the rooms are very large and spacious, the staff is very friendly and the food in the restaurants is great.  I would recommend Litchfield's, as the farm to table is the best in the valley.  I always love coming back to this hotel.
4	We arrived for a small wedding. The environment was very nice. Well kept grounds, nice outdoor patio for cocktails and appetizers. The staff was very helpful and unrushed. The highlight though was dinner. The food was simply excellent and far above par for banquet facilities. I'm a vegetarian and usually you get something barely edible for dinner when you're vegetarian. But here we had a lovely salad, rolls, and something I don't know what to call but was delicious. I would describe it as a ratatouille stuffed empanada with a spicy tomato sauce. On the side was a beautiful presentation of stacked scalloped potatoes. Overall the effect was one of care and concern for the enjoyment of all guests.
3	The resort is beautiful, however, I wasn't very pleased with the service we received.  Our room had two doors to the outside.  One of the doors had a 2 inch gap that didn't seal.  The service was extremely slow in both restaurants that we dined in and the food wasn't that good.  I was disappointed because the service didn't live up to my expectations.
5	Considering some of the reviews, I was pleasantly surprisedCheck in went smoothlyMain lobby-subdued, with very nice art work.Conf rooms clean with excellent lighting and AVPools kept clean and warmFood buffet style for our meeting.  surprisingly good for a buffetBellmen very friendly and delivered you and luggage directly to the roomGolf cart ride piloted by the bellmen.  No driving on the grass!Concierge friendly and accommodatingHistoric  Old pictures of what it looked like in the 1940's everywhere.
