2	Super sized offerings (and prices) does not a good restaurant make!My daughter, Kathy, and her beau Keith took me out yesterday to Claim Jumper on Apache Road... I had never been to one of these, even though I had lived in Las Vegas and the Phoenix area the last decade or so.What we had...I had the Grilled Liver, Bacon and Onions - A huge plate of Liver with an equally ungodly amount of Onions with a side Biscuit that was the consistency of a BRICK! If you closed your eyes... the Bacon tasted like NOTHING!Keith had Sliders (Mini Cheeseburgers)... I got to try a couple of these little guys... and no flavor whatsoever despite the warnings of extra-sharp cheese on the menu. Keith also had a bowl of New England Claim Chowder before the meal... he told me not to order it next time.Kathy had the Snow Crab and Chive Quiche with a Small Green Salad - I got to try the quiche later... again no flavor! It looked as appetizing as heck, though. HUGE dish!For Dessert... the Brownie Finale... another HUGE dessert! Probably tasted the best... because of all the SUGAR! Even their cups of Coffee were HUGE!In summary... I would not mind the high prices if the food had any kind of flavor... but unfortunately they didn't!Update from my Chef son, Kevin...He said to order the Soups... they're especially good from what he said!
4	All I really have to say is...Their chocolate cake is SOOOOO good.Take it to go!Eat it at home and have a glass of milk with it.
4	HUGE.  FRIGGIN'.  PORTIONS.  Holy cow, does Paul Bunyan eat here?  I've been to this place a couple times now, and man...do they know how to deal in excess.  Just about everything here is huge, drinks, food, even half the people that visit here are huge.  That's not to make fun of them, but you know where there's big people, there must be big food.  I'm a big boy myself.The appetizers here themselves can almost be full fledged meals.  Try the Nacho Platter ($8.25) and add some chicken ($2.00).  This plate comes out gigantic.  It's like almost a pile of nachos like 6 inches high.  It's got your standards, cheese, sour cream, guacamole, diced tomatoes and black beans with salsa on the side.  They use Monterey Jack and Cheddar cheese, and a lot of it.  It's pretty good.  That's not much coming from me though, I even like plain nacho chips with cheese from Taco Bell!  Just make sure you share it (with like 3-4 people) because you definitely got more than enough to spread the wealth.If you really wanna kill yourself though before your entree arrives, get the Appetizer Combo($19.95).  This this will topple over your table!  It's got Artichoke, Buffalo Wings, Zucchini, Mozzarella Sticks, Parmesan Garlic Rings, Loaded Skins, Cheese Potatocakes, and Southwest Eggrolls.  You also get some sauces like Ranch, and Marinara for dipping.  It does look like most of the stuff on this platter is frozen then fried....but oh well.  At least you get to enjoy looking at ALL of it, it's not for faint of heart.  This platter alone will feed 5 easily.I usually end up ordering an appetizer for the table, so I almost always try to pick a smaller entree for dinner.  I usually end up with pizza or a sandwich.  I like the Clubhouse Sandwich ($12.95), well, because I like club sandwiches.  This one's got Fresh Turkey, Sweet Ham, Bacon, Gouda, Muenster, Garlic Mayo, Tomato and Greens all on white or wheat bread.  This sandwich comes out stacked!  I usually only manage to finish half of it before I ask for a doggie bag.  It also comes with seasoned fries which are light and crispy when they are fresh.They also have a lot of home cooked favorites and specialties.  Anything from rotisserie chicken, aged steaks,  meatloaf, Country Fried Steak, pot roast, chicken pot pie, even liver & onions.  They make a killer turkey supper as well.  And all your entree's are HUGE, you could probably feed 2 people off one plate.  You can't leave here without trying the desserts!  Your heart will pitter-patter before it drops dead of a heart attack from your appetizer and entree.  But you just might be able to fit in a monster dessert before you keel over!  They have a dessert called the Chocolate Motherlode Cake ($9.95).  It IS the motherlode!  It's 6 (yes 6) layers of chocolate cake with chocolate chips, walnuts, and chocolate fudge frosting!  This cake is so tall from the layers, you have to lie the slice down to avoid it from falling!  Leaning Tower of Cake!  The night we had it, it was moist and decadent.  But the leftovers the next day were kinda dry (I should've covered it with a lightly damp paper towel).  But still good with some vanilla ice cream.  I heard their Mud Pie is exceptional and HUGE as well.This is a family-type restaurant so it's pretty kid friendly.  Their service is ok most times, but if it gets busy (like on weekends) your server might take a little long to get back to your table.  But the servers I've had were always nice.  But if you're looking for a romantic evening you probably don't want to go here.  Go to Roy's down the street or something if you want some alone time with your sweetie.  But try Claim Jumper, you will like it!  Just don't overdo it, because you're gonna have one hell of a tummy ache and extra miles on your treadmill if you eat too much.  Oh well, you gotta work out anyway because you may be lugging a BIG bag of leftovers home.
2	Very disappointed with the claim jumper.  The food wasn't hot, the service was .. blech and it was just disappointing for the amount of money spent.  I would never go to this location again.
5	One of the best places in all of las vegas to eat. a little pr icy for everyday eating but well worth it. There is always a 15-30 minute wait to get in BUT it's worth it. The place is very stylish & comfy with LOTS of HIGH back booths. The Bread they bring is delicious. When you read over the MENU you will notice everything is offered in 1/2 and full sizes. The reason is 1/2 is ENOUGH for any grown man. FULL is just ridiculous. You can feed 3! We started with the bread & ordered some Taquito Shrimp since the table ext to us had & they looked great. They were very tasty-a little like a shrimp Rumaki w/soft crispy shell!! Yummy!For dinner we had the Chicken Fried Steak-FULL which was thin & crispy with smooth & creamy gravy,the RED mashed potatoes were very garlicky, the veggies were crisp & fresh-cooked al dente.The Ribs were so tender when you picked it up it ALL fell off the bone. VERY smoky & Rich in BBQ flavor. The beans & cornbread were perfect TOO.The spaghetti & Meatballs was HUGE. The Meatballs were the size of an apple and very tender & seasoned perfectly. The marinara would be good on anything.After we packed our to-go boxes we decided we had to try the MOTHER LODE-we have been buying this item in the freezer section for years now & it's $9.99 FRESH TOO!!You could feel your ass fatten & your teeth start to ROT as you savored every sweet HOT chocolaty bite!If you are looking to treat someone to an UNFORGETTABLE meal. Go to Claim Jumper's in Henderson or Summerlin. stay "OFF the STRIP"
4	Depends who you are these days. So me and the bf went and played checkers while we waited, which was only five minutes.Our sever, Stephanie was excellent. She was friendly. We ordered the flat bread with cheese and peppers, and it's sooooooo good and not that expensive for an appetizer. I had the tri tip, they've done better but still the potato with skin and shoe string fries make up for it.The desert some ice cream chocolate and marshmallow creation is to die for except you might die eating it. We asked for wheel barrels so we could get wheeled out. :) Also for cocktail drinkers a tip: try the black opal. SOoo. Sooo. SOoo. Good and two of em can make me a happy drunk.
3	I agree that the food is very tasty here. The only thing wrong about this place is that the portions are recklessly massive. You can feed an army with this stuff. The desserts you ask? They are HUGE. This perhaps is the reason that I am not such a great fan of this place. The amount of food does not agree well with my big belly, high cholesterol, insulin resilient, out of shape anatomy with a penchant for irresponsible alcohol consumption. Kicking my personal problems aside, I would have to say that this is a decent place for family and friends to dine in and spend time together. Great selection and service. I would have to admit that this is a bit on the expensive side. Did I mention that you get a lot of food here????
4	This is probably my absolute favorite place to eat in Las Vegas.  Although, sometimes I just get dessert because their desserts are amazing.  I suggest the sundae or cheescake.  You won't be disappointed.  The service can get a little slow at times when they get really busy - which is almost always.  Their salads are very good too.  I'm a vegetarian so that's usually what I get.  Only, I can never finish the salad - they are huge!
3	I understand that Claim Jumpers is a chain, but this is the only one I've ever been too. The portions are huge, the food is great and while I have always called in my orders and picked them up on the way home I'm fine with paying $40 for dinner and leftovers for lunch the next day for my wife and I.I did try eating at their bar one day for lunch, but the service inside was a bit slow. I also tried eating with a group of friends once, but we ended up leaving after filling up on nachos, but overall a good experience.
3	Stoped by with the family for my little sister's birthday, ordered a cheeseburger and Mozzerella Sticks. The cheese sticks were huge and delicious, the burger, also very large and tasty. The have these amazing super thin shoestring fries with awesome seasoning. First time I've been to this location, usually frequent Town Square but is very comparable. Service is very consistent between the two. Large portions, good location, great service, and plenty of seating. A little bit pricey depending what you order, but overall a nice dining experience.
1	So I have been to Claim Jumper four times in the four years I have lived here.  Every time I have went here, the food has been hot garbage.  I still cannot figure out why people like this place?I've had their pasta, their fish & chips, their chicken and probably a salad and every time I ate their food, I want to vomit.  The funny thing?  My husband has been here probably five times and every time he runs home to go to the bathroom.Yes, their portions are huge.  Its very "old-fashion family style food" would be the best way to explain it.  But to me, it does not taste fresh at all.We went here last night (that was my fourth and final time I will ever go to Claim Jumper) their soda was completely flat. gross.  They tried to get us non-flat soda, but it didn't work.  We started with their "famous" cheese bread.  Nothing famous about this.  And it came with a marinara sauce.  The waitress came to clear the table and said "weird... that sauce looks really pasty"  ewww!  My husband ordered the pork tenderloin, with mashed potatoes and stuffing.  Disgusting.  He ate most of it, but he was starving, but it didn't look good.  I had the fish & chips- batter was horribly thick, to the point that i could easily take off the batter and just eat the fish.We woke up this morning promising each other that we would never go there again.
4	Went on a Tuesday night.  Quite a crowd.  Only had to wait 5 minutes.  Tried the new artichoke appetizer.  WOW!  Nice and tender.  Juicy.  Nice dip to go with.  Although I have eaten here for many years, I never save room for dessert.  I have to try harder because the chocolate chip cheesecake looks irresistable.Good service as usual.
5	This place reminds me of a nice cozy winter holiday restaurant, there's a huge lovely fire place and the place is gorgeous. I ordered the talapia on top of rice and asparagus...omg! The best damn talapia ive ever eatin, soft, cheesy, and the rice was bomb. I will definitely be back. LOVED IT!
5	I had dinner here the other night with my husband and some of his colleagues. While I was looking over the menu I noticed some of the ladies at the table were only going to order dessert. I already knew what their plan was..order a humongous dessert take three bites and say they are too full to finish. This is just what some girls do...but not me. I didn't want the table to think I was pig. I mulled it over in my mind for about a second... than I thought.. who was I fooling my husband already knows I like to eat. It's no secret even when we were dating I didn't hide that fact ..he may think something is wrong with me if I don't eat! I then placed my order for my appetizer a cup of Potato Cheese Soup and my main entree The Whiskey Apple Glazed Chicken. The soup was nice and creamy with bits of potatoes in it and tiny bacon strips on the top. It was really hearty and oh so good! The Whiskey Chicken was served with this sweet whiskey apple sauce and served over apple sourdough herb stuffing, with red-skin mashed potatoes, and roasted vegetables on the side. The melody of flavors went really well together. It reminded me of a dish you would have for Thanksgiving or Christmas. This entree also comes with the Cheesy Garlic Toast which is my favorite. They are usually served with marinara sauce if you get it as an appetizer. Since this came with my meal there was no sauce but the taste could definitely stand by itself. The portions here are really big..I got the lighter portion for 11.95 and still could not finish it. I had to take the other half home!
5	Good Eats at this popular chain restaurant! Everything's really good here.Definitely one of my favorite places to have Chinese Chicken Salad ($10.95 lighter portion/ $13.75 full size portion)- it's so good, I probably order that the most. I've had other dishes here too, like the turkey sandwich, a side of thai slaw (yum!), the starter salad/soup lunch combo (satisfying) for $7.95, comes with garlic cheese toast. My husband likes the meatloaf and mashed potatoes at $13.95. The chocolate cake is legendary (this coming from someone who is not even a chocolate fan- my hubby's the chocoholic). The serving sizes are really big, BTW. If I could compare it to another chain restaurant, maybe it comes close/similar to the Cheesecake Factory. Happy Hour: monday- friday, from 3-7, in the saloon only.The decor is dark, rich woods- kind of feels like an upscale rustic cabin. The service is really good, too. More locations in town like the one at Town Square and the one at 215 & Green Valley Parkway.
4	How I heart the Claim Jumper!!!This one sated my craving for their delish deep friend zucchini appetizer in a pinch. Portion for this was smaller than I've seen in other CJs. The decor was a wee bit less posh than some of the other CJs I've been to though. I had the black tie pasta dish...thought it came with peas but mine was missing them. I ordered the 1/2 portion and couldn't eat it all. Huge portions! My partner had the lobster tail with roast veggies and he can usually eat....but left most of his veggies as there was just so much food.They don't have the amazing salad bar that CJ's in California and other areas have. They do have a great children's menu though. We ordered an "I Declair" for dessert - $10 but it's a monstrous dessert that feeds 6 or 8 adults. Needless to say, we left much of it untouched.Service was top notch as always. I'm amazed that this place wasn't busier than we'd seen at other CJs, but it seems that Vegas is in a bit of a "post recession" withdrawal and many places are a bit empty.
3	Drive by this place constantly so decided to finally come in.  Let me start off by saying that I love Mozzarella sticks.  And Claim Jumper might have some of the biggest and best around.  I truly enjoyed them.  Too bad I didn't feel the same about the pizza I ordered. I was in fact on my way to a pizza place, but we came here instead.  Need less to say I was in the mood for pizza.  I ordered the pepperoni and sausage and it wasn't good.  The biggest problem I had with it was the that the sausage was chopped into what I could only describe as bacon bits.  I wasn't too thrilled by it.  For me the appetizer was the highlight.  I will be back though, because I hear great things about the chocolate cake, and for the Mozzarella sticks.  Also considering there portions it wasn't pricey at all which is great.
4	When all the tables around us are complaining about the air in the restaurant, you'd think that they would've turned down the heat! It was pretty uncomfortable, eek. But other than that, the food was good. I split a chicken Parmesan with my son. The portions were big enough for us to get full off of. Service was great, unfortunately I cannot remember her name! Gah, I hate when I forget because she really was awesome. Return visits, yep!
2	We used to come here alot when it first opened , then the novelty wore out .         Claim jumper has good food and huge portions and a very large and diverse  menu .  They have pretty much covered there bases as far as pleasing a far ranging customer base, while still maintaining some type of quality.   I know i said the menu was huge and diverse , but as much as we used to eat here there menu didn't change much,so we moved on , anyway we decided to eat here or i should say i did.                        The food , for apps we had the fireroasted artichokes and parmesan crusted zucchini.  The artichoke needed a little more fire roasting but was still good.  The zucchini was really good it had a nice crispy coating and  had very good flavor.                      I had the citrus chix salad ( lettuce, apples, dried cranberries, mandarin orange, blue cheese , candied pecans and jerk chix.)  It was a good salad with a nice sweet vinergerette, great texture, crunchy, chewy tart , sweet .  It was good but did not blow me away, kinda disappointing.              I always order this as a side salad with my entree ,but decided to order the dinner salad portion it comes with chix.  I was always impressed when I ordered it as an  app. salad so i was expecting more out of the dinner salad.   Overall , I think they lost a step since i first came here, maybe the economy  , had something to do with it ,before on a Saturday night at 7 pm like on this night it would be a 30 min wait for sure.   Tonight seated right away and the restaurant remained half full.                     I hope they bounce back to the claim jumper i remember, Because in -laws coming to town and they really enjoy it here.
4	If you are hungry, this place is for you! The proportion size is unbelievable! We enjoy eating here, sometimes we have just had several apps and order desert. There is enough variety here to satisfy anyone. Service is always great, however, for a Saturday night, business must be off, we walked in without a wait, seated right a way, and had our meal quickly. We started with two apps, the bread zucchini strips and the artichokes. Both were excellent. Then the entree' I got was the glazed pork with grilled veggies. It was really good. (I have had this before, still darn good!) I did manage to save room for desert, wish everyone could see this one, the brownie with icing, ala mode, oozing goodness, served warm, with melting everything! It was too much! Returning here for sure.
4	Merry GIFT CARD Christmas!!!  I hadn't been to a Claim Jumper since I last worked there in 2005.  I suppose that after nearly three years of employment there and eating for a wonderfully discounted price, which in fact allowed me to try just about EVERYTHING on the menu, a five year hiatus makes sense......right?!?!?Given the relatively higher price point of their entire menu, the four of us decided the best way to dine there was for HAPPY HOUR!  Who doesn't LOVE happy hour?!?!?=)Here's why I like it:~App prices range from $2-6 and there is about a 20 item variety.  Even the happy hour portions are LARGE!!!~Drinks are CHEAP and plentiful!~Faster service in the saloon area (in my ever so humble opinion).  Plus plenty of seating and televisions for your Monday night viewing pleasure!~Though not on the happy hour menu and outside of Cheesecake Factory, Claim Jumper has a FABULOUS DESSERT MENU!  I recommend the Red Velvet Cupcake, CHOCOLATE CHIP CALZONE (effing heaven in my mouth), bread pudding, and the mother load chocolate cake with a glass of cold milk, of course!!!Make a point to give them a shot if you haven't....they pride themselves on service!  They're obviously doing something right........some of the same 'ole faces still working there.  Whats that say?!?!?
2	Terrible service on Monday nights
4	I was impressed with the large portions and reasonable prices. My family of 5's bill came out to about $50 and 4 of us ordered regular meals. It's in a nice area (Summerlin) and the service was fantastic. Would definitely come back when I'm in town!
5	So Meghan was our server and she is super sweet. (P.S. she is getting the key to LAS VEGAS....) how amazing right?! anywho claim jumpers has been bought out so things are changing. They have different items on the menu and not as many desserts to choose from. With that being said service was immpeccable and food was delish. I had ribs and shrimp, My bf had shrimp. The grilled veggies were delctable and shrimp were seasoned to perfection.The biscuit it comes with is so good! Can I buy those by the dozen?  Dessert was fab three of us shared a cheese cake. Best crust ever! I probably left here at least 5 lbs heavier!
3	Came for HH with Angela H. We shared:Sliders ($5)- decent...I like the thin fries with it.Pretzels w/ cheese&mustard ($2)- came with 4 large sticks. Pretty good pretzels actually, chewy and not too much salt. I think it was my favorite thing surprisingly.California quesadilla ($5)- this was alright...it got soggy as it sat. Mini BBQ chicken pizza ($5)- this was good...very similar to CPK pizza I think.I like they have different types of ice tea- I got tropical tea. It's a cheap price for fairly good portions so can't really complain. The bar is the only place the HH is effective and it's good since that portion of the restaurant is fairly empty and quiet so you can converse without watching your mouth around a bunch of families.
5	EXCELLENT RIBS! and just amount of sauce to cover them! mashed potatoes are delish. shoestring fries are delish. grilled veggies are delish. excellent service but dimly lit in their seating area. kinda didn't like that type of atmosphere when eating my riiiibs!
3	I've eaten at this establishment many times but this my first time reviewing it on Yelp. CJ has an extensive menu. Steaks, burgers, seafood, etc. I got a cheeseburger but I must say I have had better. It's a pretty big patty but taste wise, ehhh. I think my burger was like $9.50. My daughter had the junior jumper Fish and Chips. Her meal was actually more expensive then my burger. My wife had the clam chowder. She hasn't liked it in the past but did like it this go around. All in all, I think the food is average. Overall, not bad.
3	Mom in law and Grandma wanted to eat here so we took them for dinner. There is one upside for Claim Jumper than I liked- their small but fresh salad bar. This location didn't have one! I was so sad since that's usually what I want to get. I got a curried cashew chicken sandwich- it was okay....it barely had any curry flavor to really call it curried. The bread had good taste with sundried tomato on it, but they didn't toast the bread so it was just kinda a chewy consistency. Shoe string fries is alright.  I've had this sandwich before. My mom ordered me one to-go a long time ago and it was way  better. I think the California ones are somehow a bit better with the food.BF got chicken fried steak (small portion)- it was pretty good as fas as CFK goes at a chain or at a bar. I still have yet to find the "best" in Vegas. Mom and grandma got chopped steak and said they really liked it. I didn't try a bite. For dessert I saw they had sticky toffee pudding- they were in the mini bites so we ordered two. Seriously, the one good dessert they have is like a small offering.  Grandma never eats dessert but she ate a whole one herself and the BF and I shared one. Its good as far as sticky toffee goes. Service was friendly, but the service wasn't too quick and then the kitchen was very slow. Considering we were coming on old peoples dinner time at 5, it wasn't very busy for them. We waited like 15 minutes to order and maybe 30 for our food and this isn't a place I would say is "worth the wait" so I would be cranky without sticky toffee pudding. This place is alright.  If the mom and grandma isn't asking to go, I don't see myself really coming to eat dinner here without the salad bar.
4	I have to say i am a HUGE fan of their tortilla soup!! Omg and the garlic cheese toast (totally not good for you calorie counters) I remeber it was freezing one weekend and the hub and i went here and i was in love (again) totally hit the spot and to thaw out a little bit :D The shoestring fries are amazing as well and were not over cooked but had just enough crisp to them.  There is a showcase in the front that has a HUGE and I mean HUGE 6 layer (i think) triple chocolate cake! Talk about death by chocolate!! But yes of course it was amazing! :D
4	This place use to have the BIGGEST portions ever but since Landry's bought them out recently, the portions have shrunk with the prices remaining the same. If you frequent Claim Jumper, it is very very obvious that they cut each of the portions by about 1/3 which is very disappointing. The menu is still pretty much the same minus the prime rib. Service is always top notch.  This is still a must try place... but now each person should probably order their own entree. =(MUST TRY: clam chowder, meat loaf, chicken pot pie
1	Oh!!  HORRIBLE doesn't even begin to describe it!  Do yourself a favor and just stop at the nearest McDonalds!  Mediocre (at best) service and a food disaster will remind me to never eat at this restaurant again. My dad wanted to take my husband and I out for a nice dinner while visiting, so we could have a night off from cooking and doing dishes. A kind gesture turned into a nightmare...1) We parked in the only shade to be found, only to get out of the car to smell the sewer steaming up from the vents below.2) My husband and my dad ordered beers, which came out FLAT, warm, and in dirty glasses no less!3) Our server was slow and seemed to forget most everything (it took her three visits and two requests to bring me a refill of diet soda)4) The food I ordered came out DRY and lukewarm.  How long do you leave chicken sitting under the heater before you serve it???  The chicken was dry, dry, dry and I could tell by looking at it.  How do the cook, expediter, food runner, and server ALL miss that?  I could practically snap the chicken in half (which is what I did when the server asked how everything was).  They replaced it and took it off of the bill, but I'm still angry about it several hours later.  All in all, I will never return to this restaurant and I will spread the word verbally to everyone I know.  I am not a heinous b%@ch or a gourmet chef, but when I can cook better food in my own kitchen than be served at a restaurant, why even go out?  It's depressing, actually.
1	Well we had 1 previous visit to this restaurant 2 1/2 moths ago and found out that they were bought out by Landry's. That night we found out that our favorite menu items were removed or replaced with cheaper, and much lower quality menu items. Tonight for a change we thought we would try it again. The ONLY reason we did was because this was the place we would always take friends and family when they came for a visit. As we struggled to find something on the menu we ordered drinks. I ordered their draft Hefeveiwen and was told it would be served in a frosted glass. It was not. I was told they have a "Chiller" that sometimes frosts the glasses, wasn't happy and asked that it be taken away and ordered a soda. Real simply I ordered the chicken fried steak with mashed potatoes. My wife and kids received their meals and everything was going good until I put the whipped butter on top of my mashed potatoes. It wouldn't even melt. Some people wouldn't complain but I asked the server for "Hot" potatoes. She apologized and went to get me fresh mashed potatoes. I was also served a brick of a biscuit that I didn't even touch. When the potatoes came I put them on my plate and tried them. Well.......friggen barley warm! Now I'm just plain pissed. The manager comes over and asked if those were better? Hell no they aren't! She promises me that the food sits in a warmer and they scoop them out of that. I don't give a crap! IT IS STILL FRIGGEN COLD!!!!!!!!! Well she leaves in a huff and says that she is gonna get this right! 2 minutes later someone(not my server or the manager) sets a small plate of microwaved mashed potatoes on the table. Screw it! I'm not eating them. As far as I'm concerned I am DONE with Claim Jumpers. What a great way to F*^% up a good restaurant. Thanks, but NO THANKS!! I will NEVER be back, and will NEVER recommend this restaurant to anyone.
3	OK food and OK service for OK prices, there are far better places to choose.Wayne Gorsek
4	I love this place! I have only been here twice, and both times were great... Server came up immediately after we were seated asking for our drink order and if we would like any appetizers. I love a quick and attentive server, we then ordered our drinks and said we needed a little more time to decide on appetizers. She brought our drinks and we ordered the Southwest egg rolls which were very delicious and filling! My main course was chicken fried steak. Wow,the Country Fried Steak is very large and very juicy and delicious mmm and their gravy is heavenly! It also comes with mashed potatoes which are just as good. I could not even finish the whole meal because their portions are VERY generous! Even though I was stuffed I still had to order dessert because I always have a sweet tooth after eating dinner. I ordered their Chocolate Mother lode Cake OH WOOOW this thing was huge!!! This was the Mother load of a chocolate paradise and very scrumptious! I will definitely be returning to this Claim Jumpers great food and great service!
3	Perfect time to get here, around 8:30pm, not a soul alive and the service is excellent (they all want to go home). The food was good, the ribs were a bit chewy and dry but my medium-rare 20oz. Porterhouse was cooked perfectly and I love their uber-creamy mac & cheese.  I think they sprinkle their bread with crack, it just melts in your mouth.
3	I love this place. The food is usually good and the service is always great!This is a great location in the city and is near so many other shopping places. Although I do agree with another reviewer who states that the food has shrank a little bit its still way huge and you will most likely leave with a doggy bag! There were a couple times Ive had to send my food back because it wasnt hot which is a big no-no for me. The plate wasnt even hot on one occasion so that should let them know that the food most definitely isnt warm. One suggestion I would make is that they learn to season their food a little better. While their pot pie is tasty and one of their most popular dishes I always need salt.. and Im not a huge salt adder .. Im always perplexed by this..
4	Thursday night, my sons birthday and he chooses the restaurant to celebrate. Claim Jumper. It is well located on the corner of Charleston & Rampart. Lots of parking. Nice waiting area with a fireplace (not lit,shame) and an outside area for warmer months.large and very clean restaurant with friendly younger staff.Seated quickly in a big booth, the seats are a little low or the table is too high. I'm not sure which! We are quickly served with water and our drink order is taken. " Small or large beer?" I'm asked. "What's the difference?" I enquire. "16oz or 18oz" is the reply. Strange, 2oz. "Large" because I'm crazy. Lovely beer in a huge heavy goblet thing. Wifee has Chardonnay and kids have huge sodas with endless refills. My kids are not listening to our First Lady, Michelle O. "bring on the sugar!" says them....Kids order mozzarella sticks to start. Huge, chewy, cheesy and well received. Mains, pizza & chicken finger & fries for kids. Adventurous, no. Good? Yes.Wifee has a nice turkey club sandwich and I order the tri-tip. The beef was very tasty but not pink as promised on the menu. They brought over an individual red velvet cake for the birthday boy which was a nice touch and it was a satisfactory night. Good choice for the family, not spectacular but certainly well worthy of further visits.
2	We have a girls lunch out once a month and chose this place for December.  Boy, what a mistake.  I went to the one in Henderson when I moved here back in '03 and I remember it being very good.  I don't know if they've all gone downhill or just this location.First of all it took about 20 mins to get our drinks and another 10 before our order was taken.  30 minutes to place an order on a Saturday at 1pm?  Not that it mattered because they could have brought out random plates from the kitchen and still would have gotten the same amount of orders right.  The waiter was nice enough but when we pointed out the errors he replied "What do you want me to do?"  Well after waiting almost an hour to get our crappy, cold, incorrect food we didn't want to risk sending it back to the kitchen and wait for them to correct it.  We were told "the kitchen was slammed" ... did he not know we were sitting in the same room he was?  And that we have eyes?  Because the place was less than half full so I fail to see how they could be "slammed", which by the way is also not my problem.  I don't care if the manager didn't staff properly or people called in, you're supposed to be professionals at this level, its not Burger King.Anyway, my pretzel appetizer was wrong, my blackened chicken pasta was cold and bland, and they make mojitos with ground leaves for you to choke on.I was really disappointed and doubt I'll go back to any Claim Jumpers as there are so many other places to try in LV.
2	We went here for a corporate holiday lunch and I was very disappointed.Our food wasn't good, but I have to say our waitress was amazing.  My main concern is the woman that organized our tables was so rude.  We got there five minutes early with all the secret santa items and wanted to be shown to our reserved table so that we could place the gifts.The blonde woman with glasses that was dressed in a different attire than the other wait staff asked if our entire party had gotten there and when we told her they hadn't, she responded (in a very rude tone) that she would seat us momentarily, moreso when EVERYBODY showed up.  By this time, we had already reached our reserve time and still had to wait several minutes.  She alone, is the reason I will not be going back, ever.  Customer service people...I'm not leaving the comfort of home or the break room to be treated horribly.
2	I went here with my family, and everything was just "ok." The service was good, not stellar. She was guessing at her description of some of the menu items, luckily, we still enjoyed them, but they were not in any way they way that she described their taste.The mudd pie dessert had a piece of wax paper or cardboard in it still, which was discovered after chewing on it... gross. We set it aside to show her, and she didn't have anything more to say, than "oh sorry!" and walked away with the plate. I would have expected a visit from the manager, and removal of the dessert from the check. It is not our fault as the customer, that the prep crew did a shoddy job with our dessert.I wasn't impressed. The wedge salad also is no longer on the menu, which is a favorite. After wards she explained that it was removed because of a "lettuce shortage" and was still available by request. HUH??And by the way... why not make a chicken pot pie without MUSHROOMS?
4	Although this is a neighborhood restaurant for me I've only ventured in during happy hour that runs from 3-7pm Monday through Friday and only available in the bar area.  I always applaud a place that offers specials of appropriate portions that not only satisfy a budget but flavor as well.  During this last visit I tried the tacos which were tastier than I expected and gave a nice appetizer.  As with any time I eat out I try either fish or a salad and really liked the chinese chicken salad since it quite a huge portion but had ample amounts of chicken.Sure this place is a chain but the Happy Hour along with having actually good food is enough reason to stop in for a bite to eat.
2	The service was definitely lacking here. I went to happy hour here this afternoon and the waitress, an older lady with dark curly hair was not very personable and rarely checked in on us. Then she made a stink about us wanting to split the check. The restaurant was dead btw so it's not like she has a bunch of other tables to tend to or anything. As we were dining we noticed that every server in the parking lot looked miserable coming in as well and while leaving we heard another guest complain about the bar service.
1	My wife was here with friends three times in the last 12 months, each time getting the same rude waitress as Jay P mentioned in review 25/3/12. This time the service was just as bad and the group finally complained to the manager over the past and present service. They could not believe the waitress was still there. 35 minutes to get drinks, and the waitress was rude and talked back to the group.
4	I used to frequent this location about 5 years ago and then the food quality seemed to take a dive.  Recently, I decided to try it again as Landry's took it over, and it is much better again.  They have a great bar where you can belly up, eat great food and enjoy a brew while watching a game.  Good location.  I recently tried the tri-tip and the chicken pot pie and both were excellent!
2	Two for good service and tropical ice tea! Poor food quality however, this place has declined, my husband and I have had lousy food on our last two visits. My husband seems to think it declined since they were bought out.  I still think their deserts are great, but then we've been avoiding them lately and the last two meals, we skipped desert.  Maybe, they've declined as well?  It will be a while before we're back here.
3	When am I going to get my desire for unhealthy foods out of my system?? Here I am again, eating burgers and fries. This time at Claim Jumper which, I am told, is known for their good burgers. I ordered the cheeseburger with double cheese (hold the Thousand Island, please).  That burger was gooooooood!!!  Oh, man.But before the burger, we had appetizers. My friend had a couple of pomegranate sangrias, which she liked a lot. We shared pretzels, which were YUMMY, and tried the chicken wings, which were also deelish. The medium ones were tingly, but not unpleasantly spicy. She said her spicy wings were only slightly spicier than the mediums.Back to the burger: I ordered it medium rare and it was juicy and pink. The toasted bun had just the right amount of crunch, and the lettuce and tomato were very green and red, respectively- almost made me feel better for eating a burger.  The string fries were good- nothing special, but tasty.Claim Jumper doesn't stand out to me as being any better or more memorable than any other chain restaurant of its ilk, which it why it gets 3 stars. It does a good job for what it does. Decent food, decent service, friendly & casual atmosphere. Definitely a contender for a friends' night out, a casual date, or family meal kind of thing.
4	My hubby and I recently visited this site for a casual Saturday lunch.  No waiting in line and food was good.  I had some delicious fish tacos and hubby had cobb salad which was ginormous.  Good tropical ice tea as a change from the usual.Have visited other Claim Jumpers and they have the same huge menu which makes it hard to decide what to order since everything is good.  Please bring back the steak fries.  Those skinny potato sticks can get cold by the time the plate gets to the table!Overall, a good casual restaurant that you can stop in and have healthy lunch if you choose.  Service is good and atmosphere decent . . . if you are into coal mining.  Their desserts look fantastic if you are a sweet person.  Hmm, hubby and I are not.
2	We were told to go here when we first moved to Vegas.  Like the 2 star rating says...I've had better.  The service was slow, and our waiter forgot to bring our appetizer.  My husband got the ribs and said they were prettty good.  I got the steak and should have sent it back...it was tough and dry.  Overall the ambiance is loud and crowded.  We are used to chain places, but I guess I expected more.  I may go back some day to give it another shot....but there are too many other declicious spots in Vegas:)
4	We purchased onion rings and flat bread for appetizers. For the entrees, we got a traditional calzone and the fish and chips dish. The portions are huge and all the meals were delicious. Great prices and service.
4	I have had many good meals here. You get large portions but the prices could be a little lower. Service has always been good.
5	I just love this place. The "Grilled Cobb Sandwich" is to die for and so gooooood! This sandwich is priced at $10.99 and the "Shoe String Fries" it comes with are good as well. If you like Cobb Salad and you haven't tried this sandwich you really really should!Sometimes there can be a wait to get a table but well worth the wait! You can phone your order in for pick up too. The staff is always friendly. They have a rewards program you will for sure want to talk to your server about. It is free and rewards you for how much you spend and you can use it at multiple restaurants! I saw a thing on the table while I was eating mentioning that they offer catering even for breakfast. I hadn't thought of catering anything for the office but donuts so this was nice to find out haha.
1	This place blows! It's been going further and further downhill for a few years now. I give them chance after chance, weeks in between and sometimes months, and yet the food always comes out cold with long wait times. Or meals come out separate and long in between. Manager always offers to comp the meal or take it off the bill, I refuse every time. Get it together people
3	I feel like if I would have had the more expensive dinner then I would be more of a fan. But the lunch was not bad. I actually liked the vegetables more than the meat. But overall all a pretty good restaurant.
2	I would recommend you the potatoes soup or clam chowder they are awesome... services is ok, kind of slow during lunch time
2	Man!!! this place service is so sucks... When we getting inside the hostess was not even care about us and, we were long time staring at her to get a smile from her face. when we get inside there are few people inside and i believe they didn't have enough waitress on the floor to cover them. they were so hurry to take our order and the waiter dude was taking few breaks from us to come back after while. Food was A-ok.. and we wont go back again this place and never recommend to anyone. One at the town  square is way better service.
4	It was unplanned for us to go here for lunch on a football Sunday.  We approached the hostess to let her know that there are 12 of us including 3 highchairs.  I wish I knew her name, but from there she gave an attitude to where we were inconveniencing her.  Honestly, it didn't even look that busy except for the bar for those watching the game.Our table was huge!! I loved how we had a lot of room for our food and drinks without having to worry about getting rid of unnecessary things or the babies knocking things over.  It was also spacious, so it didn't feel like it was congested.Our server was Angie and was an amazing waitress.  She was patient, kept a smile on her face, and would hold a conversation with us.  With having 3 babies fussing and making a mess, she offered a free baby dish for each so they can stay occupied.I couldn't believe it, they offer a Baby Dish... for FREE!!  It comes with soft turkey, cheese, apple sauce, and mandarin orange.  I ordered Parmesan Chicken with tomato sauce and spinach with spaghetti noodles.  It was good, but I can't say that I will go back and get it again.  My husband got the Chinese Chicken Salad and it was pretty good.  It was any ordinary salad but with chicken and shredded cheese.I gave an overall 4 stars because of the waitress and how comfortable I was there.  The food was decent, but didn't wow me.  And finally, I wasn't a fan of the hostess' attitude.
4	What's one to do when one has a Claim Jumper gift card to use and the local Claim Jumper closes down? Bring the gift card Vegas!That's exactly what happened to me and what I did. Someone gave a Claim gift card as a gift awhile back but I never got to use it. When the one near me closed down, I didn't really want to drive a long way to another one. When my trip to Vegas came around, I remembered a Claim Jumper that I'd always drive by on previous trips and I decided to bring my gift card with me.We went to Claim Jumper on a Saturday night and this place was packed! We didn't have to wait for a table however and our menus were presented to us right away. I got the gold rush chicken dish which the waiter claimed was his absolute favorite. The other two in my party got the meatload and a pizza respectively. Like other yelpers mentioned, the wait time for the food to come out was long! The waiter came by twice to apologize and tell us the food would be on it's way. We were all pretty hungry by the time the dishes came out.It was a good thing though that we were hungry because the portion sizes are huge! Both the meatloaf and the gold rush chicken dishes had two pieces of their respective meats. These dishes also came with a biscuit, mashed potatoes and grilled vegetables. The gold rush chicken dish was good. The chicken was tender and flavorful with the melted cheese on top and it well with the oh so soft mashed potatoes! I loved the grilled vegetables! It had a good mix of eggplant, carrots, zucchini and squash! Yum! I got to try a little bit of the meatloaf and this was also good. The meatloaf had a tomato like flavor to it.The dishes were so big that we had leftovers that lasted for two more meals! (Another's day's lunch and dinner). It was that much food! Unfortunately we didn't have room for dessert but the giant motherload chocolate cake that we saw upfront looked absolutely delicious! Hmm maybe next time ;)?
1	We are longtime no EX-customers of CJ in Las Vegas (Summerlin). The service has really declined since they were bought out (or whatever) by Landry's. When I asked nicely where the order was (after 45 minutes), the waitress curtly answered "It's being cooked". Did she think I didn't know that?  Obviously, they've cut their kitchen staff. The food is still OK but with slow service such as we had last night, we've put this restaurant on our list of "don't go back except under the direst of circumstances".
3	We've been here several times, but this visit was a disappointment.  A pet peeve of mine; they brought out the salads while the apps were being eaten, small point but I hate that.  None of the food we received all day was hotter than luke warm, including the apps.  Their Range Rattlers app is very tasty.  I ordered a porterhouse steak, medium rare, it arrived cooked PAST well done so we sent it back.  They did recook it correctly, but by that time the rest of my family had finished their meals.  I would have rated the place lower, but they really did their best to make up for the steak mistake.  They comped the steak and gave us a free dessert, the waitress and manager were also very apologetic.
4	We used to come to Claim Jumper a lot, but stopped because most of the food is just too rich.  But this time I was here with a group of friends for Happy Hour, and it was a great experience.  The bar is a really cozy and rustic spot, and our table was right in front of the fireplace, which kept me nice and toasty.  Contrast that with all the other restaurants in town that blast the air conditioning when the temp is 45 degrees outside and you have to sit bundled up while you eat.  Kudos for that!None of us was very hungry, so the HH menu fit the bill perfectly.  I ordered a Long Island Iced tea, and when the waiter brought it, I thought "uh-oh."  It was as pale as could be and looked like a glass of water.  But when I tasted it I was shocked at how strong - and good - it was, and for 4 bucks!I shared chicken Street Tacos with one friend.  They were really small; the chicken was a bit dry, but with the stuff they put on top of it, it was really fine, and for $3, I really can't complain.  I tasted my friend's ceviche, and it was delicious.  I also shared Calamari with another friend.  They were really good, and not drowning in breading, but they were so tender I wonder if they were really calamari?  A very small portion, but again, HH prices.  Also shared a black bean hummus with chips for $2, and that was the only thing that was absolutely skipable.  Too bad it wasn't just ordinary hummus.One of our group ordered just a drink and didn't eat anything, so our bill was very small.  Despite that, the server was terrific, and never once hinted that we weren't worth his time.  I think his name was Niles, and he was a gem.  We left a very nice tip to make up for our paltry bill.  And we vowed that our next Happy Hour will be right back at Claim Jumper.
3	Had the spinach salad. Pretty filling. The calamari is the thick cut kind but way too much breading. No flavor! Good service. Party Of eight with 2 kids. Plenty of room.
3	Dinner with the fam. Parents, kids, and the wifey. Seven of us were sat in a horse-shoe booth. Not too bad. Waitress was nice. Food seemed like it took forever. Got the BBQ chicken sandwich with fries and a side of spicy thai slaw. Slaw was best part. Fries were shoestring variety, thin and not very filling. They get cold fast and chewy. Sandwich was ok. Not enough chicken for the bun size. Everyone else was satisfied, but not blown away. Overall very average.
4	Arrived and were seated pretty quickly, the service isn't bad and food was good. Prices are ok, haven't been to a CJ since the one near my house closed. So it's nice to see prices are about the same and the food quality is gooooood. I recommend the Hickory Burger, wasn't dry an had a great taste. Very pleased with
1	This was my favorite restaurant for ten years. Then it changed hands, and the service and and quality deteriorated to the extent that I decided to never go back. However, today I received an apology letter from Texas which contained a $15 gift card. If this restaurant starts to receive favorable reviews on a consistent basis, I might try it again some day.
4	My wife and I decided to stop here since it's Friday and chowder w/salad sounded good. This place was not crowded at lunch. We were led to our table within a few minutes and were informed that Heather would be our server. We of course ordered the clam chowder but I also had a house salad w/ranch and corn bread...she had the citrus salad w/cheese toast. It all tasted great and Heather provided excellent service. My meal amounted to $6.99 while my wife's was $8.99. Can't remember what our ice teas cost but our total came out to $23.52 after taxes but before the tip. We thought that was very reasonable and recommend this restaurant for lunch on Fridays.
3	Went here recently for a birthday dinner with the parents. We had 4 adults and 2 kids and were seated in one of the large booths and had drink orders taken immediately. Our waitress Nina, however was far more interested in talking to the guys at the table next to us than serving us. We ordered 3 appetizers and they were all delivered by someone else thankfully. We ordered a second round of cocktails, but was able to get them from another server before Nina returned to say she was going to put in the order for us. The food was all decent. I got the ribs since I was in the mood for them, and they didn't disappoint. It was painful waiting 20+ minutes for our check as we watched our waitress flirting 5 feet away. This might have been a great experience if it weren't for the service.
1	Newly redecorated, updated menu, able to walk in and get a table without wait, however, the wait staff took their time and it took forever to get someone to acknowledge us.  We ordered, finally the food came out and we're out of drinks, I finished my meal and still we got no refills.The food was warm, the mashed potatoes where so thick and dried out they were not worth eating, and my chicken fried steak as too thin and tough.  I am very disappointed with this place now, before being bought up by Landry's this place was the bomb, now, their on the bottom of my list!
2	service was extremely slow, 40minutes to receive our happy hour order of pretzel sticks{very good}, widow burger{not juicy and luke warm & fries cold}, chicken pot pie{luke warm, salty, and tough chicken meat}. I would not go back even for the happy hour menu.
5	Best service I have experienced in Las Vegas. The food is amazing. Almost too good. I am addicted. Since first trying this place I have eaten it two or three times a week since. Good thing I got the landrys select membership. The range rattlers the SW eggrolls the steaks the filet the jerk chicken the tri tip the BBQ shirmp  WOW
4	Grabbed my favorite girl in the world from the airport and headed straight to Claim Jumpers for dinner. Since they don't have one in Miami (although they have plenty of other great food in Miami) I figured I'd let my sweetie check it out. Although we were kinda lame soup and salad for her and California chicken salad for me she was digging the vibe and we really enjoyed the Claim Jumper Mai Tai. Word to the wise it is meant for sharing because it is huge. We had a new server in training who did an awesome job! I really enjoy the claim jumper experience and I give them a lot of credit for the training they give their staff!
2	Where to start... So everyone I know have always been a fan of Claim Jumpers.. BUT I must say... Over the years, the food has really just gone to sh!t!! Every time we go back, it seems to be worse and worse.  My recent visit was pretty much catastrophic.  There was a bug in the starter salad to start... Then we had our entrees, my steak was overcooked.  I ordered. Medium an I got wayyyyy overcooked well done.  Hubby ordered chicken n ribs, hi chicken was bleeding, undercooked! So I had to complain to the server.. GM came over and apologized.  He removed the 2 entrees from our bill.  This was the only reason I gave 2 stars... The service wasn't bad, the food was! I will definitely no be returning to this location... And maybe No more Claim Jumpers as well..
4	Food was great and serving size ample -- although I noticed it's not nearly as large as it used to be. I've been here several times before but have never "checked in" on Yelp. With our meal today, we had a Long Island Iced Tea.
4	I just love the BBQ Beef Ribs here.  Can't find them anywhere else in 'Vegas. I find pork ribs everywhere....  Large portions, good food.  If it were closer I'd eat here more.
3	Happy hours always good here ... Wings are one of a kind as well as .....until they raised prices now it doesnt seem so happy
4	We stopped by here for a change from the usually fast food family pit-stop.  Pleasantly surprised by the service, our waiter was very attentive but not annoying.  He also tried to help out another waiter's table (a particularly difficult customer at another table was flagging down anyone who walked by).  It's a chain, but the menu is good and there's a kid's menu that will accomodate a picky eater.
4	Called in an order to go.  Everything was hot and fresh, and ready to go when I arrived.  Great service and great food.  I'll definitely go back!
2	I've never been a fan of this place and I'm still now.  My dad enjoys this place and found several things on the menu that he was interested in.  We shared a calamari which was good, and I ordered their korean chicken pizza.  I took 1 bite and didn't like it at all.  To be honest it's not that it was made wrong or anything like that, I just didn't care for it.  The server was nice and took it away and the manager stopped by to inquire and I simply told her I just didn't care for it and it was removed from the check.   Lunch was completely dead in here and it didn't surprise me. I also found it dis respectful (since I'm a restaurant manager myself) to have a server LOUDLY say in the middle of an empty dining room "I can't take that table"
5	Comfort food overload. Everyone talks about their humongo chicken pot pie, but did you realize they have a $2-$7 Happy Hour daily? 3:30-6:30 mon-Friday and Saturday in the morning sometime I think it's 11-4. Sunday is funday because happy hour is all day long! They've spruced up the place and I hope that more fun, young locals start hanging out here as it's close to my home. Would love to meet ya!
4	DelFrisco Burger is the bomb!!!!!!
3	Service was slow in the beginning, French onion soup is gross, and the salad was soggy. Our dinner were amazing though! The Shrimp Trio was SO good!! Best aparagus ever!
3	Food is great although we had ordered medium burgers and one came in our to-go a bit raw.  Definitely would have went back to the kitchen if we had ordered in.  Fish and chips are also awesome if you're seeking a bit of greasy goodness.We were also confused about the whole point system but the manager cleared it up as far as what happened when we paid originally.  Basically the $25 that you pay into the system is deducted from each item instead of zeroing out the bill for $25.  I'm willing to bet this was an accounting piece that drove this which causes the wait staff tremendous pains.   The online ordering system isn't ready yet either which stinks.Overall it's good American food, somewhat like Cracker Barrel.  Still a chain restaurant but not something you see everywhere.
1	I'm wanted to be generous and give two stars, mostly because I hate being THAT lady who has one bad experience and destroys a place on Yelp.  Let me just say, though, that when a party of four walks into a restaurant two hours before closing on a Friday night and you have only one table seated in each section, there is clearly a reason.To start, the place was darn near empty when we got there, so when my boyfriend wanted a booth, it was no problem.  We were then seated at a booth that was obviously used for two diners, as there were only two place settings, and it was a bit of a squeeze with my mom and thirteen year old brother on one side and my boyfriend and I on the other. I should note that I barely clear 5'2" and wear a size 0 or 2, so I generally have no issues with small spaces, and my brother isn't much bigger.  We sat there, but I thought it was insane that every other booth in the section was open and they gave us the smallest one they have.  Our server, whose name I will omit, was attentive at first, got our drinks, and then made sure we had a carafe of water and tea for refills, but that was apparently so she had to interact with us as little as possible for the rest of the night.She made no suggestions, nor did she offer to answer questions when we were trying to hammer out which/ how many appetizers to get, so since we hadn't been in years, we ordered way more than we needed to.  Okay, fine, it's a business, and the bigger the check, the bigger your tip, so I will give it to her.  Once we ordered our entrees, we didn't see her again until she asked about dessert and if we wanted the bill.  Another staff member brought our plates, and when my mom mentioned that her sandwich was wrong, the lady stared at her while she started to pick it off the sandwich right in front of her.  Her response AFTER my mom removed the items she asked to be excluded when she ordered the dish was finally "are you sure you don't want me to take it back?"  You just stood there and watched her pick it off, lady, you can just leave. The food was not nearly as good as I remember from when I was younger and the restaurant first opened.  I get that it is a chain, but all of us had something wrong with our dish, and they were all sloppy and thrown together by clearly unskilled line cooks.  My vegetables were drenched in oil, which soaked into my potatoes, and I didn't even touch the mushrooms and grilled onions on my plate, as they were limp and soggy and I really wasn't sure how much I honestly wanted to force myself to eat.  We were too tired and had been ignored for too long in an empty house to care at that point.  I just wanted to leave and wasn't about to ask for a manager, since everyone in the restaurant was in the back the whole time we were there.  Not a single person said anything to us when we left, and the two people at the cooking/staging area behind the dessert case were too busy having personal conversations to notice we left.  Kind of makes me wish we had just dashed, but we paid and tipped 15% out of pity (we usually tip 25% because we know how underpaid restaurant workers are).Even before out waitress showed up the last time to talk about the check, my boyfriend said we're never coming back.  Now I know why I swore off chain restaurants so long ago.  Claim Jumper is full of a bunch of fast food quality workers and to be honest, I've had drive through cheeseburgers that were more appetizing and put together with more care than the slop on our plates last night.
1	Tried to order from claim jumper tonight and wow am I disappointed. Usually I really enjoy eating here at least once a week. Tonight I placed my order and 3 min later I get a call that they are out of steaks and out of sweet potatoes. I know this is not a major issue but to me if you are a landrys affiliated establishment this is unacceptable. I WILL not be ordering from claim jumpers for a long time now.
4	Went here about a week ago with my family (party of 6).  We always have difficulty finding a place, as everyone usually wants something different.  The menu here has many options.  The service was timely and our waiter was readily available, but not annoying.  The food was very good, and very large portions are offered.  The ambiance is that of any typical neighborhood restaurant.  I was pleasantly surprised.  The carrot cake is wonderful, as well as the pretzel appetizer.  I will return here again, as it is very family friendly, and the menu can please everyone.  The manager came to my table, and stated that he had to comment on how well behaved my children were.  He thanked us.  Great customer service.
2	The 4 of us went here on a Friday afternoon mid August.  It was my son's 20th birthday and we did the whole call ahead seating and also mentioned it was his birthday.  Well we get there around 1:30 and the place has barely any people in it.  It's not like the Claim Jumper of prior that I remember.  Usually this place is busy.  Anyway, we had one lady take our drink order and then she said she was passing us off to another server.  I figured maybe her shift was over......but yet they just opened at 11:00 a.m.  So we get our drinks and we proceed to order.  We got the shrimp avocado dip, a bbq chicken salad, a chicken pasta dish, a mini pizza and garden salad and sliders.  When I order my pizza I get the whole spiel about it being a mini pizza and only 4" basically I guess trying to upsell.  I say I'm fine with it being a mini and our server stops pressing.  I guess they train the staff to do this since the table behind us ordered a mini pizza also and I heard the same speech given to them.  Another annoying aspect was when my son ordered his salad and his GF ordered her pasta dish, the server said "I will give you the lunch portion on that.  It's a bit smaller but also cheaper" or something along those lines.  I'm thinking "No sh** they want the lunch version.  One, it's lunchtime and TWO the hostess opened our menus right to the lunch section before handing us the menus."The dip was okay.  It was sort of like ceviche.  It was good but a bit hot.  The jalapenos for me anyway were a bit much.  My garden salad was just ok.  I mean, you could tell it had been pre-made and stored in a freezer/fridge.  The lettuce leaves had that see through type quality when you try to freeze then defrost it.  And the croutons were sweet.  It was kind of odd.  So we get our main order.  My husband's sliders were just barely ok.  He seemed to like them, however I think McDonald's makes a better burger.  The fries were good though.  My son's salad was huge (you could definitely split even the lunch size) and tasted okay.  He really seemed to enjoy it. The pasta dish was a big portion also but a bit bland.  And my tomato basil pizza was just barely okay.  I wanted a side of marinara with it but our server never came back.  We had to flag down another person just to grab a side of sauce.The kicker was at the end no mention of a Happy Birthday or anything.  This was after we specifically mentioned it to the hostess.  The only other time we saw our waiter was when he brought the bill and came to get the payment.  Our bill came to $66 and change.  I will NOT be going back.  It's funny because prior to getting our food my husband and I were asking the waiter about a vegetarian menu since we were thinking of bringing my husband's niece here to eat.  However, after what I feel was a lack of good service and just barely okay food, I won't be heading there anytime soon.  I'm just glad my son seemed to like it and I just held my tongue until I could come on here and vent.
1	Friday night last minute we decide not to cook and just wanted soup and salad.  Haven't been to Claim Jumper in years and now I know why....we ordered 2 soups and 2 salads.  The first soup is delivered to another table next to our table and only after questioning where our soup was did our server notice it went to the wrong table. The person in our party ate his soup and 30 minutes later the 2 house salads are delivered.  I also ordered soup which came after I questioned where my soup was.  The garlic bread which was suppose to be served with the soups and salad, it came after we had received our salads and were 1/2 eaten.  I questioned a server about the time it took since 2 tables arriving well after we had ordered had their food which was not soup and salad and I was given a flip answer "it's coming."  The manager was asked to talk to us but honestly he made matters even worse.  Craig the acting manager proceeded to argue about the time in which we had been waiting for soup and salad and asked "what do you want."  Had Craig showed any understanding for our dining expierence it could have been a whole different conversation and I would not be writing this now.  This is not a 5 star restaurant and from reading the reviews I question if Claim Jumper is aware of customer service, but then again maybe they have too much busines and don't care which certainly was the attitude of the acting manager tonight.  Why have a manager if he escalates the negative expierence which he most certainly did.
3	The etymology of the phrase Claim Jumper suggests that you shouldn't trust this place - right? I mean would you really want a ride from a guy named Demolition Derby? I get this mental image of two guys sitting at a coffee shop at 4 in the morning, worn and tired from an all-night debate about whether to name their new restaurant Claim to Fame or Puddle Jumper - and then just giving up.Every time I enter a new restaurant for the first time I half expect to get that sensation of walking into a casino for the first time, fascinated with all that's new and different and shiny, but unfortunately the reality is always dreadfully familiar when you walk into a chain restaurant.Once again, as you open the menu you're hoping (beyond all hope) for something new, something exciting, something you didn't even know you wanted until just now. Then once again you find yourself disappointed by a menu that you're not even sure you haven't seen before. Sure sometimes they offer something that sounds different, but you've probably seen it at least somewhere else before. After a few words from the server you would swear that this time that same-ole dish is going to be something really different, really unique, something revolutionary. A really great server at a chain restaurant has to be very convincing in their sales approach, and some of them are so good at painting a picture of uniqueness that, while you sit waiting for your food to arrive, you start imagining yourself as a regular here, a Norm so-to-speak - you almost want to walk around the room and introduce yourself so they can greet you as you walk through the door from now on.Eventually, however, your food arrives and all hopes of becoming a local legend are dashed against the rocks of a bland pile of mashed potatoes and limp veggies. Oh sure it's not bad food, it has flavor, it has spice, maybe it even has a presentation that astounds. But when it comes down to it, all chain restaurants are pretty much alike.Maybe you could even make an argument that some chain restaurants are better than others, but when it comes down to it they just don't compare. So if you find yourself inclined to rate chains against each other rather than "real" restaurants, you may think the Claim Jumper to be a rather good place with some rather good food and a decent offering of some non-standard fare......that is, if you are so inclined.
4	Great happy hour Drinks and food  having the meatloaf  and appetizer stuffed barbq shrimpMy son Adam is having the meatloaf and lemon pepperZucchini. Always excellent
1	Terrible service. We went there for my 11 year old son, who wanted to celebrate after a school concert with a nice warm cup of clam chowder, which this place used to deliver on point.  Went in to a very empty Claim Jumper. Seems to have been like this the last view visits which should tell me this place is going down faster than the titanic. For the sake of not going on to long which I could about this place, I'll keep it to the point. DO NOT GO IN AFTER 6 PM IF AT ALL ANYMORE.  The service was terrible and they took forever with the food. The food that arrived was old and cold. Some had been left out and under the lamp so long the plates were to hot to even move in front of our 3 young children. The smoked meat looked like brown rubber strips, manager said that he was sorry and yes it is inedible. They brought out wrong orders as well. My wife didn't get to eat either, by the time they brought out her plate, after giving her a completely wrong order, it comes out 20 minutes later after serving everyone else. So that's two out of five that did not eat. This place is best to be avoided. Completely bad. The manager that took 50% off the bill (after also charging me for food that we never received or ate) was very unatentive otherwise. Waitress said it took so long because there was no other help. Manager said "no we are fully staffed". Why at 7 pm at night does it take 45 minutes to get a cup of chowder then? In an empty restaurant !? Why were the plates so damn hot?  Because you people do not care !  We live around the corner from this place and was a monthly regular. The new staff is terrible. I will no longer go to Claim Jumper. AT ALL. Neither will the 5 people that were with me or the people I will reach via word of mouth and social media. It was that bad, all the way around. From service to management this place is just on auto pilot and going to crash. Let me know when it does and I'll try again. Until then, wake me when it's a new restaurant that deserves to be on the corner of Charleston and Fort Apache. They do not deserve to rep that corner or our neighborhood.   I'm in the bizz and also an Owner. I hope the owner see's this. I know I check our yelp reviews. Contact me via email. I will tell you exactly the issues. If I owned this place after working so hard to make it what it is with that beautiful smoker and exterior scenery.  I would be completely disgusted by the evening staff. They dropped more than the ball. At a $150.00 bill a month from what was our regular visits. This place just lost at least $1800 dollars from me annually not to mention the five other adults and children that could have gone here for years to come like we did, but also the people that will see this here and other venues. Best to find somewhere else for now folks. Avoid the hassle.
2	Food is okay. Server Blake was kind of condescending and I don't know if it it's because we were one of the only tables of color eating there. They do offer a happy hour but the options seemed limited.
4	Well what a difference a few months make! Family in town last week, had a couple of kids with them, they wanted to go to dinner and asked about Claim Jumper, with fingers crossed, we took them, and we came away surprised and happy with our visit. So we decided to try again tonight to see if the quality and service had truely improved or last week was a fluke. We  can say yes it has improved!Our server was friendly and attentive, bringing extra ranch for our app and making sure we had full glasses and plenty of napkins, not to mention asking if we were enjoying the food. My husband and I can eat, so this was a challenge, we got fried zucchini strips as an app and for the two of us, it was way too much, about 15-18 sticks fully breaded, fried golden and extra crispy!For entree's I got the full order chicken fried steak and my husband got the fish and chips. Everything was crispy, tasty and warm. I stiil feel their mash potatos are too thick and dry, but seasoned welled. My chicken fried was really heavy on the breading but crispy and tender, so overall, a good meal, much better than 10months or so when we last ate. Will move this place back up my list of good deals!
5	I always love Claim Jumper as a great place for comfort food.  However, I typically go with my standby meal of the Hill Country Salad with buffalo chicken.
4	A fan of the tortilla soup, portions are very large so sharing is the way to go.  Beer selection is outstanding.  My Dad even gets to enjoy liver and onions.
3	One word.... HUGE!!!   Don't bring a doggie bag....  Bring a doggie cart!  So this is just you typical steak chain food place which probably deserves 2 stars for the food but the mountain sized portions just make me laugh as the go by.   The only slice if chocolate cake I can't finish off !Seriously,   They don't do it with the same pizazz as Hash House A GoGo but if you are a big steak ester and like a spud the size of a football..,  it just might be the place for you !
2	Food is good. However, service is nice but slow. I waited for my dessert for 30 minutes. The cookie was over cooked and so hard it couldnt even be cut with a fork. The cookie was cold and not warm like its supposed to be, and could tell it had been sitting in the kitchen ready to be delivered to our table because the ice cream was so melted it covered the whole of the cookie. Our last experience wasnt any better. Luckily, the manager came out in our last visit when he noticed our food looked bad just as it was being delivered! He's the only reason this place got an extra star.
3	Food is actually really good. The best thing on the menu in my opinion is the prime rib. They also have really big portions for kids meals which is great. I really wish they offered organic options for both the adults and the kids meals. I would eat here more often if they did.
1	HORRIBLE! We went here to celebrate my dad's 50th bday with a party of 13. Our server Mayra was the worst! She forgot 2 of our entrees which didn't come out til the rest of us were all done eating and I asked her if they did anything for bdays and she bluntly said no. I then complained to the manager about the horrible service and he then tells me that they do give a free dessert with a candle if it's someone's bday. I don't get why she would say no?! Racist?! And to top it off, at the end if our dinner she said 'happy birthday' to the wrong person! Anyway, end of story is we're never coming back!
2	Service was ok, the guy was slow even thou it was 3pm on a Monday.  App came out ( artichoke dip) was a little over room temp, not enough chips left a 1/4 of a bowl. Have chicken steak dinner, was very bland , mash patatos was very bland, gravy very bland and watery, the chicken fried steak was good but the breading was not sticking to the meat, so when u thought u were taking a bite of meat but it's just breading. Only reason I gave it two stars is because the table and the dishes was clean.
5	I have eaten here a few times in the past month and really like it. My favorite dish is the slices of tri tip roast. I always ask for it as rare as possible and pretty consistently get what in a steak house would be called medium rare which is what I like. The reason for the five star rating is that I can get a generous "red meat" meal that is blood red at far less than you would pay at a steak house. The sides, such as mashed potatoes, potato pancakes, or grilled vegetables are also good. The dinner dish also comes with soup and their clam chowder is excellent. On a couple of occasions dining companions have raved about the chicken pot pie. In summary, generous portions of good food at good prices. You can also join their dining club which costs $25 but then gets you two $25 credits and lets you earn a 10% credit on all your meals.
4	I know this is crazy but I really enjoyed my FREE lunch today!! I have the Landry's card and they give a $25.00 credit for your birthday month. I decided to use it here for a quick lunch since it was going to expire.I had a cup of potato cheddar soup and half a chicken salad sand. Wow it was huge and so good. Bread was made in house and melted in my mouth. Delicious!The bf had the pot pie, also huge and thought it was delicious. They have a very large selection for lunch specials. The service was really good and I even got a red velvet cupcake. I did not pay a cent for this meal. The Landry's card is so awesome!!
5	I love the Tri Tip when I eat here. My networking meeting is here 2 times/month. The service is friendly, food is great and so are the prices. Next time I am going to try the rib eye steak. Can't go wrong at this restaurant.Carolyn V
4	I give the restaurants five stars and happy hour in the bar (saloon). three stars. The restaurant menu is fantastic, I've tried many dishes and they're all good quality. My current favorite is the California citrus salad.   The happy hour food menu is unimpressive, tried several items and they were all at best average. Skip happy hour in the bar and head straight to the restaurant. I would also like to note that I always receive friendly, good service from the wait staff here.
2	Good size portion but service here has never been great. They don't come around and check how your doing or if you need refills so pace yourself on your drinks. Food has always been good and plentiful and it's not a bad place if you can get past the service.
3	Stopping for lunch with a group of four. The portions are massive and the food is low on salt and heat. But the ingredients, while uninspired were fresh. The Thai slaw was good. Service was friendly. Definitely an older crowd.
1	Went last Saturday afternoon (5:30 reservation), a party of four for a pre-Father's Day dinner. Waiter took our drink order and they appeared a few minutes later...all very good. Ordered our appitizers (potato skins and artichoke dip) next and they came out after about 10 minutes. Placed our dinner order.....during our conversation and after 10 minutes into the appitizers....the salads appear!! What? We weren't asked if we're ready...finished with appitizers etc. So here are two young ladies standing at our table with salads. I sent mine back and one was left on the table...not five minutes later the darn dinner appears. Really? Seriously, the place was hardly busy and we were completely rushed through the meal. The manager came by to rectify the situation and I explained that the 'nice dinner' we were expecting was ruined due to lack of communication with the customer.  He deducted $20 from the bill which was a very nice gesture but still the dinner was a big negative. As for the food....the tri tip was dry and well done when it was ordered rare. The half chicken was dried out as well, roasted veggies were the only thing that was made fresh on the plate. The highlight was that the beer was cold, the sangria was good and Fireball/Angry Orchard was an unique combination. In the past we have enjoyed happy hour at the bar and thought that dinner would be a nice treat for our out of town guests. Methinks Not.
3	I ordered the coconut shrimp appetizer. Just ok. The main course ribs. Ribs were pretty good although I like fall off the bone tender.  Service was pretty lame. I asked for bread twice and never got it. Very slow. When in Vegas there are just too many great places to eat. Skip this one.
4	Good food and service.   Freshly made and fresh traditional American fare.  French onion soup stands out as exceptional.
3	I like this place. It was good not great. Went with a group an hour before closing and they were so polite! (surprisingly). Service was excellent and food was good. We had the ribeye, breaded shrimp, pizza, chicken fried steak, caesar salad, and spinach dip. They bring out bread with your drinks with marinara sauce which was good...... Spinach dip however didn't really have any flavor. I think it is a little pricey for the quality of the food. They do have a huge selection on the menu and the kids menu had a good selection as well.
4	Great well cooked fish dishes. I definitely recommend this place and it's a great place for lunch. 1 of my favorites in vegas.
5	Claim Jumper is great! Their menu has a large selection and their desserts are wonderful. Tonight, I enjoyed the Hill Country Salad--lettuce with bacon, diced egg whites, cheese, and lightly breaded chicken. The service is always good and they offer Diet Sprite--a plus for me since I try to limit sugar and caffeine.
4	Yes - the best chicken pot pie in America.  There is no question that when you are hungry for feel good food, this is thebest place to go.  The portions are giant and the food is heavy (in a good way).  If you are on a diet, don't even look in the direction of this place...The bar is huge and the Staff is nice.  I would absolutely recommend this location in particular - its really nice and no matter what you order (the chicken pot pie being the best - and also the potato pancakes are fairly awesome), you will leave happy and FULL!!Go here, its tasty!!
5	I love their new revamped menu it's got so many yummy options that are light and fresh.  I loved their Southwest eggrolls and Shrimp salsa which is Ceviche and their Chinese salad is sooo Yummy too.  We'll be coming back for sure.
5	Service was excellent and so was the food. Got shrimp, steak, salad, and fried mac n cheese 11.99 amazing
1	I haven't been disappointed in a Restaurant like this in a loooooong time! We went here for lunch, and you could tell everyone there hated their job. The hostess was blah, and our waitress was nice, but disappeared for 45 min after we got our food! Then when we finally found her she made us wait another 19 min to bring us the check then another 15 to bring us our change. When we finally got our change she only brought us 5 dollar bills (no ones) to ensure we'd leave a larger tip. (This is our biggest let peive!) so annoying. Also if you are in a wheelchair like me... It's annoying when the place is empty and they want to sit you in the middle of a room of tables. It's hard for us to get through all the chairs. Why can you seat us on the side where it's much more convenient? Duh? Also the have made many changes to the menu, and don't make a lot of the stuff we like any more (like the delish garlic cheese toast). We had a bad experience last time we went too, but decided to give em one more chance. Won't be back again! Don't waste your time or money on this place!
1	Service gets worse every time we go and we go less each time because we start to remember how bad it is Food is good but on the high side for what you get But it seams they will be closing soon because a restaurant can't run 75% empty and stay in business Service service service  very bad won't be coming back here for a long time if ever again use to 2-3 times a week
3	The word that best describes Claim Jumper is "BIG".  The restaurant is big with 20+ foot high ceilings, big booths and tons of seating.  The menus are big - there must be two or three hundred options.  The appetizer and main course portions are big - I felt as full as if just eaten Thanksgiving dinner.  The desserts are big enough for 2-6 people depending on which one you order.  Okay so they have quantity, what about quality.  Everything I tried tasted very good including the Ceasars salad, rotisserie chicken, fish and chips, and cheesecake. The dishes are simply but skillfully prepared - like great home cooking. I decided to go with three stars rather than four because I felt like I, as a customer, somehow got lost in all the bigness of the place. Despite good service I felt like I was along for the ride in this restaurant concept rather than in the drivers seat.
5	I am giving this place 5 stars because of the amazing service. Stephen was awesome! My boyfriend dine out at least once a week and try to go to different places. I picked this place because I like the happy hour at another location so I figured it's about time to actually have an entree and not just drinks and appetizers. I was a bit picky tonight as to what I wanted. I asked our server, Stephen, what he preferred between the bread bowl and the burgers. He insisted the widow maker was worth it. I almost changed my order after seeing the bread bowl but he reassured me the burger was going to be fantastic. He did not lie! It was huge! I couldn't even take a bite! The staff was super friendly. Every time Stephen walked past our table he asked if we needed anything. You just don't find service like that anymore! I also really like the decor and feel of the place. With great service, great atmosphere, and great food it is worth every penny!
4	Love this place
1	Disappointing!  Ordered chicken fried steak and it was over seasoned, heavy and just bland .  Overall,  very disappointing as I love chicken fried steak and I'm  not a picky eater. Told server about and they didn't offer an alternative.  I barely ate it and still charged me for it.  Bad food and service!  Maybe it's my fault because I also had fried calimari and fried zucchini as appetizers and all fried food tasted the same and it was just blah. Nothing special considering what they charge.  Don't come here KFC has better food if that gives you a perspective.   Not coming back and don't recommend you come here either.
4	I must say my first experience at your establishment was excellent. The server  Blake was on top of everything.Made sure we had everything we needed and continously check up on us.The food is great .The mozzarella cheese sticks and the sauce was awesome .It's the  best I have eaten as  its my favorite appetizers. Will recommended to family and friends.Thanks again Blake for make our experience a great one.
2	I've been here a few times and at times is good but my last experience wasn't one for the books.  I was promised sweet iced tea that was bitter, my daughter wanted orange juice and they brought one that was expired, and my steak was cooked too much even though I asked for medium.  The reason I gave it any stars was because the service was quick and good.  I will however return to the one in town square because my experience was better.
4	I was pleasantly surprised.   My spinach salad & clam chowder were great.   And I did get some really good bread.   My server was excellent.   It had been over  a year since I had been @ a Claim Jumper so I didn't know what to expect.   Well my lunch was very enjoyable!
5	This is my favorite resturaunt! My boyfriend and I come here all the time and it's always absolutely amazing. Service is great and food is seriously out of this world! I always get the steak salad and it's delicious. My boyfriend always gets the sliders and fries and loves it. They have great Arnold palmers and appetizers. This place is worth the try you'll love it!
4	Excellent quality of food - huge portions - cooked yto your own style.  When my husband and I both were on dietary restrictions - our wonderful wait person helped us in choosing food from the menu and substituting others to fulfill our needs.  This is service with A capital S!  Since I live nearby, CJ is one of my regular places to eat, whether it be a small appetizer in the pub section or a full meal in the restaurant.  I did not give it a five simply because the noise level can get a little high and that is the fault of the acoustics in the ceiling design...bill of fare is scrumptious for a chainrestaurant - since it was bought up by Landry's, the food and everything has improved greatly.  I have been going here since it opened in about 2000.
5	Great food and fair prices.  The mozzarella sticks are probably the best I have ever tried, and the slice of chocolate cake is the biggest $10 piece of cake I have ever seen anywhere. It feeds 3-4 people.  The service is excellent.
1	stay away yuck !!!!!!!
1	7 Days ago one of my employees got a bug the size of a dime in a salad. Yesterday for some crazy reason I went back to eat there, and I got a large black hair inside of my fish taco. I will never eat  at this restaurant again, I will never recommend this restaurant, and the manager came over and argued with me as well about it. I've reported them to the health department
4	I'm giving Claim Jumper a 4 out of 5 stars because their food and service is amazing but their Bar is lacking severely. I can't even describe the awful drinks they serve. I think they got their bartender from the local bible college. (joking) But their food is great, and the service is excellent.  Just don't go there expecting to get a good drink with your meal.  It's not going to happen.
3	Been here about 5 times this year and always good.  The staff is very accommodating, food is always good, pleasant atmosphere, reasonable prices.
5	I keep coming back here to see if they will dissapoint.  No dice.  Always good, ordered grilled chicken. I'm a creature of habbit.  Staff friendly, service fast, seated quickly.  If you are looking for a great solid filling meal.  This is the place.
3	I come here specifically for there filet mignon and also that it is close to my side of town versus the far better tasting claim jumper in townsquare (in my opinion the claim jumper in town square has much better cooked food) why is that? It's probably because townsquare businesses have to pay much more to be established in townsquare brand. Ok now let's get to the food at this location. Sometimes it is hit or miss but great if you have a lundry's reward card and want a quick casual meal to rank up points but save your points to splurge at the town square claim jumper or McCormick & Schmick'sif you want to have a big party and claim your points. The servers at this location are actually really nice and do accommodate your needs as long as you speak up half way with out finishing the whole meal. If you order filet mignon make sure you specify how pink you like the center because there medium tends to overcook the filet and at that point it's pointless to eat. Unless that's your preference. The pretzel sticks as an appetizer are amazing and leave you in carbohydrate bliss. The deserts are large portioned and pre-made. Good family restaurant with good rewards and service if you speak up and specify how you want it cooked rather assume it can all be perfect. To each there own.
1	I realize I'm being overly aggressive with this rating but I am sitting here, as I type, fuming at how long it's taken. We got here at 417 and it's now 542 and we still don't have our check. THREE tables that came after us got served first and have already eaten, paid and left. Mind you, I'm here with one other person. We didn't even order appetizers. The steak was cold when I finally got it but I didn't dare say a word as it's taken over an hour to get two steaks. Their broccoli was 3.75 extra and was so crunchy it's hard to tell if it was even steamed. Our total for two iced teas, two steaks and two salads came to 53.73 which would have been fine IF I wasn't watching now a 4th table leaving that came after us. What's even worse is a manager came over to let us know their was a backup in the kitchen, yet I've timed it and no one had waited as long as us. Here it is 549 and we are still waiting for him to come pick up our card so I'm going to pay upfront ... Because apparently he's never coming back  NEVER COMING BACK!!
1	I am a huge claim jumpers fan. This particular location is a definite stay away from. We waited almost 30 minutes before we could even place our order, then it was almost an hour before the food came out. My husband never even got his meal and after they brought out the rest of our meals the manager came out and said I'm sorry we're out of Alfredo sauce. It took them an hour and a half for then to tell us this. We were expected to eat without silverware and asked for ketchup twice before it Appeared after the food got cold. Then the straw that broke the camel's back was when I opened up the chicken pot pie and it was a flour pasty mess and not the creamy sauce it usually is. Gross. The manager did take it off my bill but none the less we wasted almost 2 hours and left hungry.
2	For over a decade, Claim Jumper was one of my favorite family restaurants. Things changed when the Landry's corporation began taking over. Favorite dishes like the Whiskey Chicken, Gold Rush Chicken and others started disappearing. Prices slowly crept up. A favorite of mine, the salad bar, is now only available in a couple of locations. Then before you knew it, no more muffins with your entree.Landry's, thanks for ruining a good thing. I have to remind myself not to be tempted coming here based on memories of great past experiences.
2	Claim Jumper is over priced comfort food. They do give huge portions, but I don't think that justifies the prices. I would never go here without a gift card. It just so happens my MIL gave us a gift card for Christmas, so off we went on New Year's Day for lunch. It was not busy at all and we were seated within 5 minutes. We started with the onion rings as an appetizer. They came out super fast, but I soon found out why. They didn't fry them long enough so they were still partly raw. I didn't care for them but my boyfriend said they were okay so we just left it alone. For our meals I ordered the chopped steak and he ordered the chicken friend steak with the potato cakes on the side. His meal came with a soup or salad and he chose the potato cheese soup. That soup was bomb. It had great flavor. Looking back at the menu, I realized I should have gotten a soup or salad with my meal also. Our server was off in lala land so it's no surprise she forgot. Our food took a bit longer than expected. I was surprised since the half raw onion rings came out so fast. When the food finally came, it was good but nothing special. The chopped steak comes with mashed potatoes, mushrooms, and grilled onions with a demi glace, but there was hardly any demi glace on my plate. It was really tasty, but I just wish there was more because most of my meal was dry. The cfs was okay also. My favorite part of his meal was the potato cakes. They have cheese inside they are freaking delicious. After all was said and done our bill was $51. Luckily our gift card was for $50. But see how ridiculous that is? $50 for 2 people for mediocre food and service? Not cool.
