2	I understand that they recently opened, but oy: Slow to get drinks, slow to get order, unable to get anyone's attention to order more drinks or waters. Food just ok.
2	My burger was fine-but cooked more than I asked for. The kaiser bun was really good. Inky's wheat bun was dry-seemed old. The draft beer wasn't available. I would have given it three stars, but I subtracted one because of THE REALLY LOUD music. I couldn't hear our server at times! You can actually hear the restaurant a few hundred feet away. Hey, management-it's a burger restaurant..NOT a nightclub!Ps-I am really getting tired of TV's in restaurants. At least this isn't a fine restaurant and the sound was muted. Or maybe not-I couldn't hear much of anything over the music!
4	I am vegan and so this restaurant was not an obvious choice, but I had great HUGE pear, avocado, tomato salad with lemon vinagrette that was only $8 (super cheap considering a bottle of water in the Flamingo is $5) and AMAZING sweet potato fries. The coffee was mega weak, and the service was pretty crappy - but that does not seem out of character for Vegas restaurants so I can only deduct one star.
3	Terrible service, but the burger was pretty good. Not Burger Bar or Bistro Burger, but if you want to go a little cheaper and still have a decent late night burger.
4	What's up with all the negative reviews?They made the best damn turkey burger I've ever had in my life.
2	My friends and I came here after seeing the long line at the Flamingo Buffet. We just wanted  a quick place to grab a bite to eat before we hit up the clubs but it took over 30 mins for our food to come.I ordered a Kobe beef burger, medium rare, from this joint . The ground beef came out super dry and was over cooked. Good thing I added guacamole to moisten it up. There was a HUGE onion that I took out since I didn't wanna spend the rest of the night in Vegas with terrible smelling breathe. Choose the Pesto bun! That is the only thing I actually enjoyed. I expected much better for a $20 burger.Fries are terrible! They're the thick kind. Onion rings are good tho.
4	I was just going to give it three stars but I decided to kick it up because everyone seems to be getting their hate on. The Burger Joint has that cool 50's diner look to it, except Vegas styles, which of course means that it has neon. I had already eaten too much all weekend so I wasn't in the mood for a burger and after I ordered the turkey burger I was kicking myself because I was wondering if I had ever met a turkey burger I even liked. Well I was super happy! This turkey burger was friggin' delicious! It came with bacon and Havarti and I order guac as an extra. Their whole wheat bun was not at all dried out, as is usually the case because people love their white buns...take that how you will. It was also about the size of my face. The biggest burger I've seen in forever, but I guess that is also American portions for ya. A quick side note about the fries... Awesome, just perfect. Crispy and addictive. It was bottomless fries as well, which I would have taken advantage of if I could even manage to finish the burger. It was also only about 10 bucks including my extra guac, and considering how much other places in Vegas are, it was a deal. All in all. Awesome. If you're staying in the 'Mingo - make it happen!
3	I came back from Vegas this morning and stayed at the Flamingo. I wasnt even going to review this place, I just looked this place up now just to see what others had to say and after reading them I figured I'd throw my two sense in.  From the previous reviews it seems Turkey Burgers good, Kobe burgers bad.....well I had the Turkey Burger and a Caesar's Salad. The first time I went here was on saturday evening about 6:30pm.  I really didnt want anything heavy so I ordered the Casears salad with chicken. ok a few things, 1) The salad came in a bowl that was tilted, this was for aesthetic value i presume but here is the problem 2) they dont chop the lettuce very well, there were huge chunks of lettuce that had to be cut to fit in my mouth, i dont know whose mouth hunks like that would fit in besides a seasoned porn star i suppose...but i digress.  So trying to cut up lettuce in a tilted bowl was all bad. I wasted some of the salad on the table when it flew out the bowl while trying to cut.  3) It took them a while just for a salad.  Now i realize this is a burger place now a salad place, but a gentleman walked in after me, ordered after me and received his burger before me.  That kind of pissed me off because i was thinking you got this ordered after you got my order but you were able to whip up a burger faster than you did throwing together some not even cut lettuce in a bowl and mixing it with dressing...i didnt understand that.The second time I went here was the same night/morning because at that point it was 1:30am on Sunday morning.  I just wanted to go back to my room, which i did after the Burger Joint told me i couldnt get anything to go and i went up to my room to find that room service said it would be a 1:30 wait cuz they were really busy so i just came back down.  This time I had the turkey burger and it was very good. It was moist and tasted just fine for a turkey burger. the bun was a little greasy but hey. I dont like whatever little grassy things they put in the burger. I dont know what they are, but it literally looked and tasted like grass to me so I pulled those all off.  And service was fast this time.  the end
3	Perfectly respectable burgers in an area of overpriced food.  It's not a cheap burger, but it's a good burger.  They advertise 'unlimited fries' but the initial portion is so big I couldn't finish all of those potatoes.  Small criticism: the buns were too big for the burger. The burger was a fine size, so a smaller bun would still be plenty of lunch.There was so much food that we didn't need dinner that evening. I loved the fresh lemonade. My partner was taking a course held at the Flamingo, so this was a convenient and perfectly acceptable lunch option that didn't require navigating the maze that is the LV Strip.
3	Don't come to Flamingo for expectation of good food, it just won't happen.  I especially hate the lousy buffet.  If it wasn't for the comps, I would be eating elsewhere.  This Burger Joint has a good name, but slow on the food and slow service.  It's more of a hang out.  I only ate here because the Tropical Breeze Cafe closed at 6pm on Christmas Day (or was it Christmas Eve...forgot).  The food was decent, I had the Grilled Chicken Burger.  It was a good portion, veggies were fresh, but the chicken was a little dry.  I had a very small limited selection of menu to choose from (like 7 choices avail only).  Flamingo needs to work on improving their buffet.  I keep telling them on my surveys, but it falls on deaf ears.  Does anyone care??? There are so much better buffets out there.  Even the Bill's (next door) coffee shop has better food then Flamingo's.
4	I was initially attracted to the "Barbie's Diner" interior, and noted that there were bottomless fries when cutting through the Flamingo, headed towards The Strip. After a few muderous hours spent pushing our way through throngs of parents, pygmies and porn-slappers trying to see the Lion Habitat at MGM Grand, there was no way in hell we wanted anything more to do with the strip. But we were HUNGRY. So after a tram ride back (highly recommended if you are filled with as much hate for basically everything as I am) to the Flamingo, we decided that we needed to eat. Now. So, somehow I convinced my BF to eat in the Hot Pink Nightmare, known as The Burger Joint. I have to say, even thought the service was a teensy bit slow, and I spent $10 on two Bud Lights, the food was pretty scrumptious. They had a veggie burger for me to scarf that was actually made of pressed veggies, not a soy patty. Yum! The fries were really tasty, and I was so stuffed that I didn't even take advantage of the bottomless fries. This food was so satisfying that it kept me stuffed for the rest of the night. Cons: pricey beers, kind of a long wait. One hostess/server/buslady/whatever the hell she was obviously had contempt for EVERYTHING and EVERYBODY. Other than that, I was pleasantly surprised to find an affordable meal on the Strip that wasn't a buffet.
3	Taking over the midcentury set piece that was Voga, Burger Joint doesn't really compete on the Tourondel/Keller burger level, but it's not a bad substitute on the Flamingo's family-friendly level (it's even the rare Strip spot with a small kids menu). Certainly points for variety: they offer veggie (flavorless), turkey, salmon, buffalo chicken variety, as well as the seemingly obligatory Kobe slders...but also give many cheese varieties (Havarti? Nice one) and even four bun options (Pesto? Hmm) Shakes are the classic diner ideal nothing more but nothing less. The beef patty is cooked with a hint of grill smoke--nice touch--and served with the classic lettuce, blood red tomato, red onion, and long pickle slices.
2	At first, I thought I got unlucky with a bad waiter or off day.  I even thought he could tell I had comp credits and assumed i would stiff him on the tip. However based on the other reviews I'm reading, poor service is apparently the norm here.  It wasn't rude, just slow and inept. A side order was forgotten, a small and very simple request was ignored, and our waiter seemed to be hating life in general. The only saving grace was the lady who refilled drinks and hustling all over the place.The food itself? Not bad, but I wouldn't return.  There's a various selection of burgers, but the selection pales to competitors like burger bar, strip burger, etc.  I felt like the fries and the kaiser bun were the best part of my meal.Note to management: try hiring some people that don't have a look of pure contempt on their faces as they are doing their job. Or at least people who can fake it.  Hard to fathom coming here ever again , unless it was past midnight - they're advertising a $1 burger/fries between 12am-6am!
5	First of all my review is strictly on the item advertised to even get me to go to this place...$1 BURGER AND FRIES FROM (If I can recall) 12AM-6AM. They have several advertisements outside the Flamingo and inside as well.This is located in the Flamingo, just walk around and you can't miss it.Place looks modern and clean. I was expecting a beat up musky run down joint, but it did not feel like that at all.**YOU CANNOT ORDER THE $1 BURGER AND FRIES TOGO** --I triedSo how was it? Cheese is not included, it's an extra $.75.Fries were plenty full, its the big wedge types (but not potato wedges). The burger wasn't big, but it wasn't small either. It's filling. It didn't have much flavor, even with the cheese, so I can only imagine without.All in all it was satisfying and you can't complain on the price.Service was good, and it looks like if we actually got the items on the menu it would have been better. For a cheap late night meal where you can sit down and people watch, I would recommend this place.
2	I'll have a $1 Burger and Fries please with a side of attitude from the older waiter.The burger was lukewarm.  The fries were fine.Our bill came to $10 with the additional drinks, cheese and shake.The bitter older male waiter got his wish -- a bad tip - 10% exactly.  I guess when you treat the customers who you know are here for the deal badly, well you are just creating a self-fulfilling prophecy on how much you are going to be tipped.  Funny, the cocktail waitresses in the casino are handing out free drinks and still get tipped.My advice to our waiter: If you don't like your job, then get another one.
2	We saw the sign outside for $5.99 ribeye and eggs and HAD to check it out. I guess this is a new deal they started to compete with Bill's Gambling Hall across the street.The wait at 2:30 AM was about 10 minutes. We all got the ribeye and eggs special. I noticed that the waiter only asked us how we would like our eggs but not our steak also. That's a red flag. And my sharp poker intuition didn't disappoint me. The ribeye was maybe half an inch thick BEFORE cooking since it was like a quarter inch when it came out. It was cooked well done and tasted like a ribeye I guess... It came with hash browns, eggs, and toast.Pro-tip: This would have probably tasted better after a night of drinking
3	Like many of my other fellow Yelpers on this list, I was reeled in by the $5.99 Steak and eggs deal (available 12am-6am). But unlike many others, I was sober.So I can clearly recall my experience. It was 3am, we waited in a 10 minute line filled with groups who had probably just finished clubbing, then were greeted by a seemingly disgruntled waiter who may have been fighting depression. We quickly ordered the steak deal and were surprised that the waiter did not ask how we wanted the steak cooked. Possibly because he was depressed; possibly because the steak is poor-quality. Probably both.Turns out the steak only comes 1 way: sawed in half (horizontally), and well-done. That's right, sawed in half. They should call this the "Half steak, well done, and eggs" deal. Though half a steak at this ungodly hour is probably a better idea since you're likely to hit the sack right after this meal. But still, call it what it is.At $5.99, you're getting what you pay for. Poor service, half a steak, 2 eggs, and hash browns. I MAY be back when I don't feel like leaving the strip; otherwise I'll quench my cheap steak cravings at Ellis Island!
3	We went in for the $2 burger and fries between 12am-6am. The burger was good, the fries it came with were acceptable. Filled me up just fine, a huge money saving gem in the heart of Vegas after a night of drinking or gambling and need a bite to eat but don't want to go to MickeyD's and wait in line for hours because its the only thing cheap and open at that hour. Head over to the Flamingo, which is where the Burger Joint is located. The place became packed very fastHowever, this place lost some stars due to the service. I'm a service snob. I don't pay money to go to a place and have sub-par service, I can get that at home with my two unappreciative little children who think I'm a short order cook. I'll hit up a drive-thru if I don't care about service, but when I sit down, whether it be for a 2 dollar burger and fries. I expect service. A young man approached our table, we requested our drinks, he said "ok..well, actually hold on." He had taken our drink order, changed his mind and then picked another waitress to serve us instead, so that next server took our drink order a second time and it took forever to get them to come to our table with just our drinks.Our entrees showed up long before our appetizer did. Huge waste of a 10 dollar appetizer.
3	$5.99 for a rib eye and eggs!$2 for a burger and fries!So what do u get for those prices? You get what you pay for and a but more. Shit, it's Vegas and in the land of excess and buffets, at 3am I wasn't expecting much, so I ended up being pleasantly surprised.Sure, we all asked for our steaks to be done medium, and sure they all came out well done. Sure it's about the size of a hamburger patty, but really, really, it's $6. In our server's defense, when one of our party asked for his steak to be rare, our server did inform us that because the steak was really thin, the best he could get it was medium.  You gotta give the guy credit for being honest. The burger wasn't bad either. It was a tad bit dry, and served one way. You got it...well done!!! It was served with thick cut fries that were OK too.This place is located in the Flamingo Hilton and late on a Friday night, our party of 9 was seated in about 15 minutes.  Service? Pretty good! I'm sure this place gets bombarded with obnoxious, drunk, post clubbing douche bags and bitches, so if the water glasses are kept full and our order comes out with a smile, I'm impressed!
2	I feel like I'm the only one who ate here outside of midnight to six!The brains behind Flamingo took the hip Voga restaurant, kept the decor intact, hung some Miller Lite flags on the railing, hung some plasma TV's on the wall with sports, took the good booze out of the bar, added a couple of diner tables along a wall, and gave us Burger Joint.Like most Flamingo restaurants, the prevalent attitude is "I don't care." Service is awful whether you're in the restaurant and bar. Food is good but not great. I had the Kobe beef on one visit and it was no more special than what you get at Jack In The Box. If they put some effort into this place it could be really fun, but I expect to see another half-assed concept in place next year instead. The only exception I've found to the Flamingo's awful service is Margaritaville and Sin City Brewing Co.Go here for the cheap late-night specials. I'd be much more enthusiastic if my burger and fries were only $2 instead of $16 - $25 for the burger alone and an additional $4 for a side of fries.
3	Okay, In and Out Burger has nothing to worry about.  But for $2 after midnight, it's a steal.  Yep, even cheaper than the dollar menu at McDonald's.It'll be full of drunk people, but that's aight!  It's part of the Ambience!
5	$2 Burger and Fries after Midnite!! Shut your Muthableepin Mouf!For $2 it don't have to even be that good, but for a sit in diner thats as good as it gets.
2	The place is inside the Flamingo casino.  The burgers are excellent .  Nice size and very juicy.  You also have a lot of choices to choose from depending on their own specialty burger or if you want to build our own.  The downsides: I paid $6 for a Corona.  God, am I a dumb ass for that!!  We ordered waffle fries and they were overly fried, almost like dried sticks.  The service was the absolute worse!!  I never saw so many people standing around not paying attention to customers. It took forever to get the check and refills were done by the busboy.  Our waitress came to the table twice.  Once to take the order and once to give us the bill.  Terrible service!!
5	By far the best value on the strip. The burger and fries were well cooked, we had no problems with our waiter or the person ushering us to our table (I believe her name is Bianca). This is pretty much as good as it gets. $2 burgers and fries. I think a glass of coke is almost $4 so they must make their money off drinks. The only thing I'd be aware of is that this is going to be filled with drunk people at around 3 in the morning. That's usually when the bars (especially Carnval Court next door) close.
3	I got the $2 burger and fries special after midnight.Okay, so the burger sucks. I mean, it's no better than a McDonalds or Carl's Jr. standard burger. BUT the fries are definitely worth the $2 and then some. You can't beat 2 people eating a burger and fries a piece for $5 after tax. Service was fine. Fries were great. Burger was bad. All in all, just a 3 star spot.
4	How does this place have such a low rating?!5.99 for rib eye, eggs, hashbrowns, and toast2 for burger and SEASONED friesWe came here at 5:45 am so we barely made it on time. Our server was actually really nice. Even though you're not allowed to order take-out, he let us [since the rest of our party was too drunk/hungover to tag along]. We were a bit surprised that our server didn't even ask us how we wanted our steak... but when it came out, cooked perfectly and met everyone's expectations. Awesome. MMMMmmm NOT hopping on that ellis island band wagon cuz this place is so much more legit.
3	only great if youre staying at the flamingo. if not, there are other places id go.what i ate:- turkey burger: dry dry burger. had to drown it in ketchup and mustard for flavor- bloody mary- $2 burger+fries specialpros:- the $2 burger special makes it worth it. not the best burger, heck, barely a bit better than those cafeteria burgers you got as a kid... but the fries are amazing! thick steak fries, but crispy as hellcons:- late night diner: comes with sassy servers, drunk (and LOUD) patrons, and waits. i guess this isnt really a con, because if you come here, you should know exactly what youre getting. its a wait to get seated, a wait to get served your food... but, thats ok i guess. what do you expect from a place with a $2 midnight special?would i came again? probably not. but, if youre staying at the flamingo, and youre too drunk to make it anywhere else to eat, this is convenient!
4	I'm a bit loopy because it's 5am in Vegas as I write this... (LOOPY cause I'm tired.. not because I'm drunk! SERIOUSLY!) I saw the sign outside for 5.99 rib eye and eggs and 2 dollahs for burgers and fries. I didn't think twice of it and continued on my journey across the strip... but hunger pains get to you. Also, my wallet begged me not to go but we compromised. I went to Burget Joint to satisfy both my hunger and my wallet! Now, the service was okay but the food and price made up for it.The 5.99 rib eye included the steak (in which they did not ask how I wanted it to be cooked), 2 eggs, toast and CRISPY HASH BROWNS. I enjoyed the rib eye but had better else where. But I didn't expect too much anyways....The 2 dollar burger was quite a steal. The fries were freakin' steak cut fand  FRIED to golden perfection! It was so damn crispy, I seriously almost cried.If you're ever in the Flamingo area, then do it! Come here and eat the 2 dolla burger! (but only from 12am-6am)
3	CHEAP FOOD for when you are drunk and hungry. $2 for burger and friesBut the sweet potato fries here are seriously delish.
3	This snazzy little joint is located in the Flamingo Hotel, right in front of the entrance/exit to the flamingo habitat.We ended up here early one morning after a mini-adventure on the strip with some cousins from out of town.$2 for a burger and fries and $5 for a ribeye and eggs.Both were tasty. Period.  Not tasty for the price, or tasty considering what time we were eating.  They were actually good.  Which was a surprise to me.I think our bill came out to around $15 for 5 of us.Bottom Line:If for whatever reason I ever end up on the strip near the Flamingo Hotel after midnight... I'd come back here to eat.  It's cheap.  Not crowded. and the food was decent.
4	My company insists that we always stay at the flamingo.... I was happy to discover this time that they added a new burger joint to the onsite restuarants... replacing the short lived italian restauant that was here a few years ago. I was working a trade show, and was tired and hungry.... real hungry, burger hungry. I came here and ordered the sliders, sweet potatoe fries, and garden salad - which easily could have been a meal for two. The sweet potatoe fries were delicious and crispy, SP fries are hit and miss at restuarants but this one has it down good!The garden salad was pretty big - they didnt have a side salad option.. It was  fresh and crisp and made me feel like i was being a responisble eater. The sliders were very tasty, coming with sauteed mushrooms, bacon and cheeder cheese. All in it really hit the spot, and Im happy the flamingo has something new going on...
4	I came here at around 12:30am where they have their special burger and fries combo for $3. It is definitely worth the $3 dollars. Although, I was here in February 2010 and it was $2. I guess the establishment realized that they were undercharging for the burger.When my burger came out, it was piping warm and delicious. The fries are not the typical shoestrings fries but the larger ones with lots of potato in it.  I would love to come here for the specials. I think they also have a steak and egg combo at night for $6.99. Although, the prices are ridiculouly expensive during the daytime so I'd recommend only coming here from midnight until 6am.
3	$3 burgers and $6.99 steak and eggs from midnight till 6am??? Ridiculous.The waitress had the foresight to warn me that the steaks were premade and tend to be overcooked, so I ordered rare and it was just right - juicy, reddish-purple with nice charred grill marks. It wasn't gourmet, but there's nothing a little A1 can't fix! The eggs were cooked to my liking - sunny side up and runny.But honestly, I was way too drunk to care. It tasted amazing. I doubt I'd come back sober though.
1	Bad service only the hostess is good & her name is Judy.  It took forever for them to come & help me.  I waited 15 min just to get my drink order & it was not busy at all.   Finally Judy came over and it was sq away.  I would not come here again.
3	Ok Ok Ok from a blank observational distance one would expect a place where you can get steak, eggs, and hash browns for 7 bucks to be quite a steal, but its all about relativity in the city of sin. Better and cheaper exists, better and cheaper always exists in vegas ie: go next door to Bills. I came here with a party of seven the place was half full at best, and it took them forever to seat us. The hostess was doing paper work, what the heck?! why do you have to fill out an application for us to sit down? pros: 1. It's cheap 2. open late 3. the wait is shorter than other places cons: 1. cheaper places exist2. they fill out paperwork before you sit, is this the dmv? 3. quality doesn't stand out meh, if its 4 in the morning and you and your friends don't feel like waiting at Bills, I would come here
3	After a long rough night and only getting 3 hours of sleep, looking for a 4-5 star rating restaurant is not on the top of my list especially with a hangover.We tried to have lunch at Serendipity in front of Ceasars but there was a 45 min wait for a table. We ended up at the Flamingo Hotel and found a few restaurants and settled at the Burger Joint.I ordered sliders and the rest of my party ended up ordering their burgers. The sliders were only okay, it did help cure my hangover a bit or was it the advil I took before I ate? My sister said their buns were stale. The service was a bit slow too. We would request ketshup and an extra order of onion rings and that took a while to get to our table. Not much of a wow-factor at this place. Based on the reviews, seems like the best time to go is after midnight.
4	Best burger I've had in years. Spicy bacon jalapeno drippy cheeseburger is what you need to order. Chocolate milkshake brought all the boys to the yard. And they're likeIt's better than yours,Damn right it's better than yours, They'll give you a refill. But they have to charge
2	Late night specials after Midnight!!$3 burgers!! and $6.99 steak and eggs!!Too good to be true! Burgers are plain with tomatoes and lettuce.All extra condiments such has cheese, onions, jalepenos, mushrooms etc are each and additional .75 cents.! We were all sober enough to realize that before we started adding more condiments.  Burgers are decent. Hamburger buns are toasted comes with seasoned steak fries which are awesome. A good thing about the burgers are that they do not fall apart in your hand!!Steaks are plain. Make sure you load up on A1 sauce and hot sauce to get some flavor. Steak is thinly cut and can be overcooked very fast. I would not come here for the steak eggs. 6.99? You can find cheaper deals where you can order 2 steak and eggs plates for 6.99 LOL.Service sucks..at night in general. Felicia took forever to come by to get our order. She did not replenish the table with napkins or silverware. The water lady came by more than Felicia did. the $3 burgers made up for everything!
4	Sure, the service might not be the best but for this combination of price and quality, ON THE STRIP, you can't beat it.Let me repeat that, we're on the strip where everything is about 150%-200% marked up. When I was there, they had a couple late night specials. $2 for burger and fries and $6 for steak and eggs. I guess they raised their prices up a $1 since then, but it's still extremely cheap.I believe the special runs from midnight to 6am and lines usually build up around 1am so try to get there fast. But the burgers were BIG and the meat was juicy. It was great, we paid 50 cents I believe to add cheese but it only made it better. The fries were nice and crisp and you have to believe that for $2, they give you great portions. It was unbelievable how cheap it was. Some of the guys orders 3 or 4 orders of burger and fries.... but they didn't even finish 1 order!!! Haha got too greedy??So this would be my recommendation for a late night eat, especially when you spent too much at the club/bar on some girl who wasn't worth it, joking of course.
4	I didn't have any if the - experiences as other yelpers. It's 1am and my very nice waitress Elizabeth just cleared my plate. Got the steak and eggs for $6.99. My boyfriend, also. He ordered rare and myself medium rare. (Elizabeth did ask both steak and eggs preference for preparation) they were as ordered. Hot and delicious. I added some salt because I like kidney failure. The usual standard toast and hash-browns, as expected. I don't know how anyone could complain with what we experienced. My water cup was refilled before it was empty, we didn't wait more than 2 minutes... Two! And our check was dropped as we ate. Loved it. Very satisfying after walking allllll day and having pizza for lunch! Thanks Flamingo :D
4	So I came here with two of my friends whom I "like" at around 4am.  The first thing that I noticed was our lovely waitress Betty.  She gave us many suggestions and was very patient with us.  For appetizers we ordered three shots of tequila.  Weird....But any burger joint that is willing to serve tequila shots at 4am to people who have already had too many is A.O.K in my bookI then ordered the Steak(cat) and eggs... probably the low point of my whole trip.  Also, when I asked Betty if my friends and I were a powerful group she walked away and ignored me.Pros: Betty giving us tequila shots, good place for a powerful groupCons: The steak may or may not be catFierce? True
1	I think it can be said that you do not go to the Flamingo for good food but I was staying here and my poor little feet could not take another step. I ordered a po' boy and boy was it poorly made and served. Our server switched mid-shift and never spoke a word to us about doing so. That's okay but then the next guy who served us was just rude and unfriendly. I would not have enjoyed my food if I did not have the crunkies.
3	A wait at most hours for a table - morning, afternoon, nigh, late night. The burgers are fine, not exciting. The potato skins are excellent. The New England clam chowder was spicy. Seriously, it had some spice in it that 3 of us at the table could not identify and we were still talking about it two days later.   The chili cheese fries were disappointing.  Maybe they would have been better if we got them waffle style and not cut style.There is a late night menu.Service is slow so expect to wait. Maybe that's why there is a line to get in.
3	My friends and I got a table in a separate room excluded from the rest of everyone else. We ordered nachos; words cannot describe this mountain of chips, beans, sour cream, and ground beef. It was crazy. Please see uploaded picture.I ordered the salmon burger and it was a bit dry. I was only able to eat about half of it. There was really nothing special about this place. The $5 unlimited fries was a good idea with our huge group.It was about $20 per person. Sorry, I think I'd rather have $6 In-N-Out Burger and save $14.
2	I was really disappointed with my visit to the Burger Joint. The food was alright, but the service was horrendous. First, we waited for about 10-15 minutes before a waitress even came over to take our drink order. Finally, the not-so-happy waitress came around and we ordered three diet pepsi's and one coffee. The waitress couldn't even remember our simple drink order - she came back about two seconds later to ask again. When the food came out, the orders were completely messed up. They got the bread and toppings wrong on our burgers. However, to avoid waiting any longer, we just ate what we had. The kaiser roll's on the burgers were completely stale and hard as rocks. With that said, the burger (I got the turkey burger) itself was pretty decent tasting. I also didn't like that the burgers didn't come with any side - no fries, chips, nothing. Considering the burger prices ranged between $10-$15, I definitely think they should have come with some kind of side dish. Overall, I was pretty disappointed with this place and probably wouldn't go back. If you're looking for a good, cheap burger place on the strip - I would recommend the Burger Bar in Mandalay Bay!
4	This place had one of the best burgers I've ever had. I love that it's at the Flamingo, and think this place is awesome for lunch. The food is great, and the prices are OK. Plus they have some pretty hot waitresses.
2	service = pretentious, we swear the waiter felt like he was working and a 5 start posh snooty restaurant = 2 stars food = 2 stars - could be 3, but when you just do burgers and they taste average at best you get 2 price = 1 star, I know it's Vegas, but common' a $16 burger that's average, $16 for amazing sure, but not average
2	I was at the Flamingo to see George Wallace (which is a great show) and decided to have dinner there for the sake of convenience. We ordered the $12 Philly Burger (prime rib, my a**), the $12 nachos (not the monster platter), and a $5 side of fries.  The nachos were terrible. Slightly stale tri-color chips with cheez-wiz and melted cheese. I prefer just melted cheese. Their salsa was terrible and had no flavor. The nachos come with terrible, grainy ground beef and would be better without it. My iced tea came with lipstick on the glass and they replaced it for me with no attitude, but their tea tastes really bad, reminiscent of bongwater (or what I think bongwater would taste like, since I really don't know). Our waitress was ok, but not really helpful or attentive. There are about 5 kinds of fries. We ordered fries and she didn't ask what kind, didn't ask what kind of bun we wanted.  It was $45 before tip for two, which is fine if the food had been good. I barely ate my nachos and just stole my friend's fries. The fries were the best thing there and $5 buys all you can eat, but the basket is huge, so we didn't ask for a refill. I would avoid this place.
2	If you want some simple greasy breakfast food and you're staying in the Flamingo, this place is good enough. The eggs & bacon breakfast is pretty good and the hashbrowns are tasty. Their burgers and wings however, are very simple and lackluster. I suppose if I was drunk and needed some buffalo wings in my belly (which is known to happen), these would suffice, but by no means should anyone go out of their way for them. For the burgers either.
4	OMGXYZ?!?!?!? I stayed at the Flamingo hotel on my trip and everyone knows that after a night out on the Strip, you are starving for good food. If you do your research, you'll find deals like $4.99 steak and eggs but for those who want a quick bite and on a tight budget, the Burger Joint has a $3 Burger&fries deal starting at midnight! The burger isn't skimp though it may be a little dry. The steak fries that comes with it are delicious! NOM NOM NOM NOM! Not too crowded either but shhhhhhhhhhh if you don't want to wait too long! (ironic that i write a review for it......)
3	Not the best place to eat regularly. But if it's late at night and your drunk-- go here. They have a $3 hamburger special that comes with fries! Also a $6.99 steak and eggs special. This is the perfect place to go for the drunk munchies.
3	Stayed at Flamingo & after a night out, and you're craving for those late night drunk munchies, the Burger Joint is the place to go! It's only $3 for a burger & fries.. not to mention BOMB ass fries! The burger was okay, just a big dry, nothing special, but late at night for $3, who cares! Our burgers came out in a jifffy, but after our other friends ordered, I noticed that they kept forgetting to bring out my friends' burger, but the waiter was very attentive and kept checking up to make sure we got it :)
4	My friends and I stayed at the Flamingo and almost every night ended with a visit to the Burger Joint. Las Vegas is known to have those amazing $5 steaks and other cheap eats, and Burger Joint is no different!I admit, their burgers aren't that special. They're good, but nothing to rave about. If anything, their FRIES are what kept us coming back. & for $3? Sounds good to me!
4	The Burger Joint is a great way to end an amazing night clubbing.  From Midnight to 4am they have a $5.99 Steak and egg special and a $3.99 Burger and fries special!  I was here about 4 times over the past two weekends.  The first time they forgot to give me the top bun of my burger but I was so drunk I didnt even notice until i thought about it!  The fries are to die for.  And finally the steak and eggs were amazing.  I will def be here again for future Vegas weekend getaways!
3	This place was fun, funky and retro looking, so it drew my friends and I in.They had a list of pretty great sounding burgers, but when my friends and I saw on the menu that if you finish the colossal nachos, you get your picture on the wall, we knew we had to try. The colossal nachos are just that, colossal. We were a party of three and could not finish them.  The nachos come out on a large pizza pan and are about a foot high.  Covered in beans, meat, cheese, tomatoes, jalapenos , chives and sour cream.  Although we couldn't finish them, they were absolutely delicious, and only $20 for all that food.  If your sharing, it makes your meal pretty cheap. I would go again.
4	At 11PM or later  they serve Steak and Eggs for $6.99. The eggs are prepared to order, as well as the steak, though its fairly thing so there no rare, just medium-rare to well done. You get a helping of hashbrowns to go with it and some toast. It doesn't get better for some semi-late night grub after a long day.Other than the steak and egg special, the foods just so-so. Nothing special here.
2	Yes, I"ve had better.  Not the best burgers. We came on a wed night so it was not very busy.  The guy who took our drink order was kind of rude but our server was nicer.  We didn't come back after this one time even though we stayed at the Flamingo.
4	Exceptional service from Karen A.! We had a late dinner and thought burgers would hit the spot. Boy did they ever! I had the turkey burger with havarti cheese, bacon, and other fixings. Very tasty burger. I am usually a beef burger eater but wanted to try the turkey burger. Cant wait to go back!
2	Whether you're order to go or dine in, they have to sit you down at a table. So i get sat down and order the classic burger with fries. It comes out really quick. The burger looked great and they give you a lot of fries. Nothing really special about the burger. IN-N-OUT is way better. The bun tasted stale and it was dry. It was my first time eating here so I can't say if they always taste that way.
4	We only go there for cheap meal which it starts at midnight til about 6am i guess.. I could not remember the time.  But we get $3 hamburger and its really cheap and its good!  I would come back.  The only down fall bathroom is really really far.
2	If you're expecting quality or even good burgers, stay away from this place. The burgers were tiny in comparison to the buns they were sitting on.  If you must order some type of burger, I suggest getting the Turkey burger. It's the only decent one they have.  The only great thing about this place was the sweet potato fries and their milkshakes. Service and staff are useless. The drink server was unnecessarily unkind and rude! The actual wait staff is polite but she was too quick to get to another customer that she doesn't take the time to explain and hear out our needs. There are plenty of other places in Vegas to eat at with more bangs for your bucks. Don't waste your time here.
4	Everything tastes better when your drunk.I'm not gonna lie, my burger was way better than I thought it was gonna be! Basic America Cheese Burger but it was cooked perfectly. One thing I hate is when I order a medium rare burger, it some how comes out overcooked. This thing was huge, I'm not sure there'll ever be a day when I'll be able to eat one of these things plus fries and expect myself to finish it.Usually when it comes to Vegas casino food, I try to stray away. I've been disappointed far too many times. I'm glad places like this can restore my faith in food for the masses.
4	This place was pretty good.  We went during the day and had awesome service.  Their burgers are big.  I had the chorizo burger and my friend had the open face filet mignon burger.  I was hoping that the chorizo burger would have been a little spicier.  It was pretty mild.Sides are a la carte.  We made the mistake of ordering two sides, and of course the server did not warn us that they are huge!  We ordered the sweet potato fries and onion rings.The alcohol prices were reasonable.  However, the regular drinks (pop) were more expensive than a draft beer.
2	I have just gotten back from my first trip to Vegas and we stayed at The Flamingo.  We ended up eating at The Burger Joint every night that we were there and it wasn't because we loved it.  The reason we ate there every night is because almost every restaurant closed around 11:00 p.m. to midnight!  We would trek around town looking for somewhere to eat, and with no luck, we would return to The Burger Joint.Each time we went, there was no wait so that was fantastic.  The first night, I tried their breakfast, which was great!  For the money, you got a lot of food.  The waitress was alright.  Nothing fantastic.The second night, we had no wait again and had a party of seven.  I tried the chicken tenders, which were alright.  I've had better at Burger King.  The waitress that night was great!As for the third night, we decided to order a pizza (which isn't on the menu and comes from the pizza restaurant next door that closes at 11 p.m., but they still serve pizza?  Confusing.)  Anyway, we decided to carry it out, but they still made us sit at a table instead of letting us order room service.  So, they wasted a table of seven just so we could sit and wait for our pizza.  It didn't make sense.  Then the waiter had big attitude for no reason and yelled at my dad who was just watching the TVs around the restaurant.  As for the pizza, it was good.  Extremely cheesy and good.As first timers to Vegas, we thought every thing stayed open late, so needless to say we were surprised!If you go here, make sure to ask them what ALL is on their menu!  They give you a menu that only has HALF of what they make!  And I hope you get a good server!  Good luck!
1	WTF it's 8.99 now. No longer 5.99 =*(The 1 star is not based on the price. It's actually based on the way my steak was cooked. I ordered medium. My meat had no hint of pink whatsoever. Totally overdone. Thanks for messing up on the "star" of the entree. -_- Fail for burger joint.
1	If you're drunk out of your mind and don't care, yeah sure why not. If you're drunk and want to grub and get out of there quick to pass out, not so much.We waited a long time for crappy meat. What crappy service. Ordered my steak medium, got the toughest steak in my life. Shoe leather. I know the quality of meat isn't top notch, but my friends' steaks came out perfectly cooked. I would've had no problem letting my server know and waiting for a new steak, too bad there were no servers to be found.French fries were perfectly crispy and plentiful, eggs were done just right. Come here if desperate.This place gets a positive star for the weird decor and the crispy fries.
4	Their specials (from midnight til 6am?): $8.99 for a burger and fries (+$1 ea for bacon, cheese, mushroom, etc)$8.99 for steak and egg with hash browns and toastIt used to be $3.99 for the burger, but then they raised it to $5.99... NOW, it's $8.99... BUT STILL WORTH IT!I had their burger and I added the bacon, cheese, and mushroom because that's what I like! LOL! The burger was HUGE! It was definitely filling! The fries were amazing! Totally caught me off guard. They were perfectly crispy and seasoned really well. My burger was delish! My boyfriend had the steak and egg. It was pretty good, too. Granted, the steak was a bit bland, but it was perfectly cooked. The hash browns were a bit different than what I'm used to. They were CHEWY! I couldn't figure out how or why, but it was interesting. I'm always FOR trying new things! This place is located in the Flamingo. You have to walk through the casino to get to it, but it's worth it. This was my first time here, at the Burger Joint, and I was a bit surprised that it was THAT GOOD! The staff were so warm and inviting. Overall, this place is a good place to go for a late night snack on the strip...even on a weeknight!
4	The Burger Joint was a nightly visit for my girls and I in January, and the $3 burger&fries was hard to beat! ...so you can imagine how heart broken I was to see that the $3 burger&fries and $5 steak&eggs combo has now risen to $8.99! Waah!I still like you, but why the $4-6 jump over the course of 5 months? :(
2	I didn't make it to "Burger Joint" during any of the magical hours when things are cheap.  I was an hour ahead of schedule. Their good burgers probably taste a lot better for $8.99.  Service was pretty slow at 10 at night, but my expectations weren't too high.  I was tired, and after a long night of wandering the casinos, a greasy burger was called for.   An Atomic Burger set me back $12 and a side of fries $4.  I'd asked for it medium rare, and it arrived medium --  hardly a sin, but we weren't off to a great start.  The burger was quite enormous, and, the bread, as promised, seemed freshly baked and was a perfect foil for the array of condiments.  I'd consider the burger on a par with what I've received at Fuddrucker's - juicy, fresh, served piping hot.  I'm at a quandary about whether or not it's worth the $12 charged.  In a town like Vegas, there are probably similarly good places with burgers just as tasty that will leave you with a little more green in your pocket to waste in the casino.The sides are enormous -- too much in fact.  It bothers me a little that during their non-special hours that you have to purchase the sides separately in a mammoth portion.  Pricing issues aside, however, they, too, were freshly made.  A crisp exterior gave way to a creamy interior, just the way a good french fry ought to be.  Split a side with a friend, you'll be glad you did.  The server never arrived with my requested drink refill, which didn't surprise me too much after how long it took to receive my order in the first place.  My recommendation?  If you're here, and it's past 11, drop by for a burger special.  For $8.99 with fries included, it seems like a great deal, even with slow service.   I think for me, the slow service is what makes this a mediocre experience for the price paid.
1	Horrible waitress service. Waited longer than two others who arrives after we ordered and one couple got an order corrected before we decided to leave. Waitress sat on out order. This was late night service. We simply left. They told us not to worry about the drink. They, I think, didn't want us there...
4	The Burger Joint has a lot going for it.  It is easy to find, not typically too crowded and the food is good.  Friend #1 had a &7 order of chili cheese fries (a staple of the drunk food group) that could've fed a family of 4.  Friend #2 went rogue and ordered a carnitas burger which featured a hunk of delicious fried cheese.  Now if *that* isn't burger genius then I don't know what is.  Wifey ordered the Waygu burger, an although she wasn't singing its praises, she wolfed it down.I recommend assembling your own burger alacarte and then decimating it while making "num-num" noises.
3	Specials start at 11 pm and they are open until 6 am. Late night snack anyone?Keep in Mind that there is a Johnny Rocket right around the corner in the Flamingo hotel. Johnny rockets is not only better priced but their burgers are much much better. So if you deciding you want a burger... I highly recommend Johnny Rockets!! :)
1	Walked in , got seating and waited about 10 mins before someone who barely spoke English if we wanted something to drink, we went to give him order of burgers and all he kept saying was "drinks ".when we asked who our waitress was, he just nodded towards another clown in a ref shirt . Said forget it, got up and had real nice buffet across the hallway.
1	The Burger Joint advertises itself as having a mind blowingly good pulled pork sandwich, which I ordered, along with fries. My friend went for a traditional burger, also with fries.Out came two baskets of fries, each weighing enough to do a bench press with. They should have warned us how large an order of fries is so we could share one order between ourselves and a few strangers.Our sandwiches were also comically large. His burger must have been a full half pound and my pulled pork was the size of a hub cap. Unfortunately, the pork itself was mostly just fatty bits with insanely sweet BBQ sauce all over it with no hint of any spice of any kind. And medium rare beef at The Burger Joint means extra-well-done, apparently.We left full after finishing a third of our meals, but unsatisfied. If you want a real burger, I recommend trying I Heart Burgers up the strip at the Palazzo. But that's just me.
3	Eh. Good at 2am and Burger Bar @ Mandalay is closed or too far away. Service was pretty good, but food wise you get what you pay for (Vegas wise)....good enough for late night munchies, but I won't be craving it on my next trip.
2	Just read the jonny rocket  review dam. Well at 3am and craving fries I had to do something. Got the late night special and well. The burger was meh. The fries were meh, but when your jonesen for fries your in heaven no matter what. If it was day time would I eat here? Hell no. but at least it was not gross.
3	I've been here a couple of times! Food is good,not too much to brag about. I would just avoid coming during breakfast. After a night out, my cousins and I came back here craving breakfast at 4am, ended up boxing everything up and throwing it away.
2	Came at around 1am for steak and eggs...Steak and eggs: Steak was too fatty on the side, yet kinda dry on the inside. How that works, I'm not sure. I wasn't too fond of it. It's a good deal though for midnight steak and eggs (around $10). You also get toast and eggs and potatoes. Fruit bowl: Fruit with a banana nut muffin and yogurt. Yogurt tasted like Dannon's strawberry yogurt. Muffin was a bit tough, but flavor wasn't too bad. Fruit was plentiful and good. Service was very slow, considering there were only about 4 tables in the entire restaurant. We really had to wave down the waitresses, who would be clumped together at the front every 5 minutes. I personally wouldn't like to come here again, but if I wanted steak and eggs at midnight for a cheap price and I was too drunk to mind how it tasted, mmm maybe.
2	I'm only giving this place 2 stars because of the chili cheese fries. Otherwise, my burger was dry and seemed to be one of those frozen ones you buy at the grocery store. Gross. My husband's pulled pork sandwich was dry and not enough sauce. Not to mention that the service was sad. Will never return, even if I was staying at the Flamingo.
4	Cheapest late night eat in Vegas. ( By late night I mean like 4 am in the morning) :)It was like $4 for a burger and fries- perfect for ending a night of drinking and dancing you liver pieces on the strip. :)
2	$8.99 for a burger, fries, and a beer all day and night.  Score one for drunk eating!However, the burger tastes like it came straight out of the freezer and has zero flavor, and the fries were pretty bland.  I guess anything is tasty after a long day/night of drinking, though.  At least you can't screw beer up.What's worse, though, was the total 'tude from the waitress.  Sure, it was 3AM, and she had probably been on her feet all day and didn't want to take crap from "drunk" Vegas vacationers, but you shouldn't be a jerk to customers, especially those who are friendly and aren't obnoxious, and especially if you want a tip.Grab pizza from the food court at the Flamingo.  Better food, better attitude.
4	While in Vegas check this place out. I was surprised as the burger was much better than I expected for the low price. This will be one of my regular stops when I'm in Vegas.
4	Great place for a quick Burger.  The Burger's showed up in about 3 minutes, too bad the drinks were not there yet.  Waiter sucked, asked for ketchup twice.  Other than the bad service (and this was after 11PM), the Burger was very good.  Rating is for Burger only, service gets a big "0"!
1	Wish we had read the reviews for this place before coming. 1 star - will never eat here again. (not knocking The Flamingo, just this restaurant)A few buddies and I went here for a bite before we hit the strip. The restaurant was about half full and there was no reason I could see for the sloooooow service we received. What should have been at most a 45-minute experience turned into a 2 hour experience, in which most of that time was spent waiting to order, waiting for the server to take four other orders before even putting ours into the POS system, waiting for the water she never brought after the food arrived, and waiting to get my correct change for the privilege of eating here.And here's the icing on the cake: after the already poor experience, the waitress helped herself to a over a $10 tip! We had told her to split our tab into three and to charge two of the credit cards with $15 and take the rest out of the $40 cash I provided. Instead, she had told the cashier to put all the cash towards the meal, plus $15 on each credit card! Absolutely unacceptable. The reaction of the management lady did not alleviate the situation either, as she made us wait until 5 other people in line had finished paying before correcting our situation. Absolutely horrible experience. That's not how a restaurant should be run.
3	Had lunch here with a couple friends and it was okay, but the food did take a while to come out.
2	Late night in Vegas and I finally talked myself into going downstairs and dropping $9 - $11 for what was expected to be a mediocre burger.I stood for a couple of minutes and checked out the menu, thinking that I might be able to order something to go.  When I asked the host about ordering to go, he said I could do that but I would have to be seated, and it would be about 10 minutes.  There was no one in line and it looked like there was less than 10 people in the entire restaurant.  I decided I wasn't going to wait 10 minutes to be seated just to order something to go.  I can't rate this place on the food quality, but I can rate it on their service - it was crappy...
1	Don't waste your time or money!!  The beer is served in glasses obviously right out of the dishwasher and it was warmer than room temperature.  Course that was after waiting over 30 minutes for someone to even acknowledge we were there!  This was on a Monday night 12/5/11 at around 830-900 pm.  The restaurant wasn't even that busy.  I could understand if it was packed but there were only about 6 other tables at the time.  The food was OK nothing to write home about but the service alone sucked!!!  We spent about $40 on a burger a footlong and 2 beers, save yourself the terrible experience and go elsewhere!
5	So we had just landed in Vegas, and my dad was jonesing for a burger.  Thanks to my wonderful Yelp App, we realized that The Burger Joint (among a million other burger joints) was right down the street from us in the Flamingo.There was a little bit of confusion at first as to who our waiter was because we got "passed" off to Justin, but Abraham took our drink orders and hung out with us at random times throughout our meal.  Abraham was hilarious, though.  My dad ordered a diet coke, and he carded him.  It takes a lot to throw my dad off of his game, so that was pretty funny.But our waiter Justin was really great!  My mom and I decided to split our cheeseburger, and not only did he bring us an extra plate ahead of time, but he also gave us extra pickles for no charge!  We didn't even ask, but he (correctly) assumed that my mom and I would both enjoy those pickles!Their waffle fries were fabulous, and the service was downright speedy!  Crap...now I am jonesing for some waffle fries!  Definitely an A+ experience!!
1	We ate here out of convenience. Once they sat us I noticed no less than 6 un-bused tables around us. Gross. My husband ordered a chocolate shake which took a while to show up and was runny and warm. Burgers were mediocre. Advice: make reservations. Elsewhere !
2	Ate here late night after flying in. Was starved, and the Burger Joint was in the Flamingo where we were staying.Expected overpriced food (it was) but did not expect the Quesadilla i ordered to be pretty much a tortilla with a full block of cheese inside. Too greasy really to eat.My bf's burger however was not too bad (although pricey)Definitely said I'd avoid it the rest of the trip, however once friends arrived ended up there another late night for wings...guess convenience wins in Vegas.(one bonus is getting a discount if you are a Total Rewards member)
