4	Great Chicago hotdog and very reasonable.   Also had a good dinner salad with tasty grilled chicken on top.  A little dirty on the inside.  Reminded me of being in Chicago.
5	i stumbled into this quaint little place out of starvation, tiredness, and laziness. i didn't expect an incredible food experience. our family has always ordered from chains and nooooo more. the pizza was so fresh and tasty. the salad was so green and crispy.... and the dressing. YUM!! the guys were so friendly and accommodating ... i was thrilled. on our last delivery, we found out the guys make their own ranch in house! way to go fellas! i feel great about supporting these midwestern guys. FABULOUS!
5	I agree 100% with Lisa T's review!  When I got married and moved down to this part of Scottsdale, I was missing my old takeout and delivery joints.  Then I saw Chizona's sign out front on McDonald, googled their number and ordered up a spinach, garlic and Canadian bacon pie and bye-bye blues!  Chizona's delivers hot, thin-crust (cut in squares) delicious pizza time and time again.  And as I said, Lisa's right; the salads always great too.  None of that bagged crap-- just fresh cut romaine and/or green leaf lettuce with a nice bit of toppings.  And, yes, the homemade ranch is awesome!!  They also have really good wings, Chicago dogs and calzones.  Did I mention that they bring it to your house?  Family owned takeout joint with food made by people who care.  Yeah, it's old and dingy inside, but the food and service rock!  And again, they bring it to your house!
4	Good food, big pizza. Can buy by the slice which is very cool. I'd recommend, and certainly if you're getting Italian food, specifically pizza, don't buy from the corporate chains. Support local business.
5	here's a 5 star for chizonas. I had their chicago dog and oh my gosh it was so good!!! the bun, the dog, the toppings, YUM! their fries are awesome too. and the guy working was so awesome!!! someone was having spaghetti and that looked amazing so i will probably have to try it. ps- single ladies, if you're lookin for a man come here during lunch. i was the only lady there. it was a man cave.
5	I had just about given up on finding a REAL Italian beef sandwich like you can find in Chicago-I've lived here for almost 16 years and this is the very best Italian beef that I have found...I;ve heard their pizza and dogs are also wonderful,I just can't go in without ordering the beef  Thank you Chizona
5	My favorite pizza place!!! omg it is the best!! homemade ranch dressing for the pizza, some hot sauce and chizonas and I am the happiest girl in the world! its this lil whole in the wall but the most amazing food ever! good prices and I always come back!
4	I needed pizza and not big-box pizza.  I wanted a real pizza experience.  I knew Chizona's is where I could get it.I try to go here for lunch as often as I can.  This last trip, I had the "Big Slice & Salad" combo.  The subject slice is a quarter of an entire pizza!  It comes with one topping and I went with the standby, pepperoni.  It's a thinner crust pizza, usually sliced across several times to make a slice so large, manageable to eat.  This last time, I had requested the slice remain uncut.  I wanted to pick up the whole thing and eat it that way.  It's a thinner crust pizza.  As the crust goes out from the center it gets crisper, the edge being near-crackery.  With pepperoni grease dripping & the smell of the oregano I shook on top permeating as I took-bite-after-bite, it was the pizza experience I had been craving.The salad is a generous mix of romaine, tomatoes, the vegetables associated with pizza and lots of shredded mozzarella.  Delicious.  I had it with their Italian dressing but sometimes I get their Ranch.  It's the mix kind that is 10 times better then the crap in the bottle.I've had sandwiches, gyros, chicago-style hot dogs and their incredible, fresh-made, fries on past visits and everything has been excellent.The only thing keeping this from being 5 star is the drink selection.  Now, if you like soda, it's OK.  There is no fountain.  Sodas come in cans (that come w/combos, btw).  I'm not so keen on that.  There's no brewed iced tea and no beer.Despite my not giving this place 5 stars, Chizona's is one of my favorite places to eat.
1	I really liked this place for delivery...then on a busy night, we went to pick it up.  This place is disgusting.  So dirty!  I have not eaten there since.  What a shame, because I always choose a local place over a chain.
5	Oh, hell YES! I am somewhat embarrassed to admit I have lived in the Valley since 1995, yet just today was my maiden voyage to the hidden gem known as Chizona's. As a Chicago girl through-and-through, I go through various stages of withdrawl for the culinary delights native to the city, including but not limited to pizza puffs and green and pink cookies shaped like leaves and dipped in chocolate, sold only at Jewel. (Although, apparently, not anymore, after I dashed in and out of no less than six Jewels looking for them during my most recent pilgrimage, eyes rolling back in my head from the tragedy of it all.)So, yeah. Chizona's. Total hole in the wall... but you're not coming here for the ambiance. The "side" salad/"one" slice and pop combo, clocking in at a staggering $6, gives you a ginormous fresh salad with crisp Romaine lettuce, chunks of tomato, black olives, and a handful of shredded mozzarella, served in a Styrofoam bowl, natch. It's practically big enough to be a meal on its own... but then you face the "slice" of pizza, which is really a quarter of a huge pizza, cut perfectly into the beloved squares. Gooey and greasy, with a thin crust that grows delightfully cracker-y towards the edges... we are talking down-home, for real Chicago goodness. The pizza puff (which I had to sample for austerity's sake) is a delectable deep-fried gooey handful of cheesy and perfectly seasoned sausage-y joy. Oh, heaven.The various hot sandwiches -- Italian beef, etc. -- are served on the Holy Grail of Chicagoland bread, Gonella bread, and they are humongous. The fries on the side are so-so, but you can bet your sweet ass I'm not wasting precious gastric space on fries when there's pizza perfection to be had.Oh delicious and heavenly joyousness. Next time you're too busted to spring for a Southwest ticket to Midway and are feeling the sting of homesickness... just pop in here. These creature comforts will dull the pain... temporarily, at least. Now, if they would only sell the pink and green leaf cookies!
4	I lived next door for almost a year before I finally tried this place. Sure glad I did too, the pizza here is thin, crispy, and the sauce is a spicy perfection. Their hot wings are good too! Also try their Greek Salad with a huge pile of tasty gyro meat - Wow! PLEASE try this place before you order another pie from Domino's or Pizza Hut!!! (I recommend delivery or take out - the restaurant's decor is underwhelming).
4	Great for lunch. I've tried a lot of things here. Pizza, Pizza Puffs, Pizza Sub, Chicago Dog, hell even the Gyro and they all have been good. Only thing I wasn't too fond of was the Italian Beef. But no worries, I just wont get that again. A lot of people don't like the fries (comes with most meals), but I like them. I think they make them in house. It's similiar to what you'll find at Zipps or Islands. The kind with the skin left on. Just dip it in their insanely good ranch and you're golden. Their ranch is homemade and is definitely the biz!
5	I love this place.  I go there at least once a week.  I would going on A Wednesday since they get there meat on Tuesday night.  Order the Chizona's(there fries are the best) , Supreme pizza!  IT IS THE BEST
5	Love this place.Whenever I'm in Scottsdale showing property, or doing a virtual tour for one of my clients I stop by and get the lunch special.EXCELLENT pizza with loads of cheese.
4	I stumbled across this place while looking for lunch. Great hole in the wall, everything looked delicious. I had the gyro, not too shabby.
1	Customer Service is horrible! I understand it's a Sunday and playoffs are on but for someone to just flat out rude on the phone, and give the customer attitude is not OK! I decide not to order from this place. The women (i think Deb) called me back strictly to argue with me, said her peace and then hung up on me after I asked for her name! DO NOT ORDER FROM here.
4	Love the lunch specials here. Whether you go with the Slice/Salad or Two Chicago Dogs/Fries, you can't go wrong. Or do what I do and go with the best of both worlds: a Slice/One Chicago Dog.Worth it every time!
5	Great pizza and wings! The polish sausage's are the best and their hot roast beef sandwiches are awesome! If you are ever around McDonald & Granite Reef in Scottsdale you have try this place! You'll love it!
5	What a DIVE! It's a dive, but it fits perfectly with my image of what a Chicago Dog House should look like. The guy that greeted me at the counter in his white t-shirt (undershirt) further exemplified the Chicago experience. When you look into the kitchen you can see bags of potatoes. These turned out to be the beginnings of a huge serving of pipping hot, hand cut fires. They were wonderful!I had a hard time deciding between the tatsy looking pizza and the dog. The dog won and my diet lost. There were so many tremendous attributes to this, what could have been a basic, hot dog. The steamed poppy seed bun was perfectly steamed. The hot dog was tasty. and best of all, I didn't even have to ask for them to add hot peppers to the dog. It came with relish, onions, pickles, jalapenos, salt and pepper on top. WOW!The entire experience far exceeded my expectations that had been set from first seeing the shabby looking outdoor appearance.
4	The lunch specials are awesome.  You get plenty of food for a very small amount of scratch.  However... Chicago Style, it is not.  Not even close.  Regardless, it's a good little place if you're on a budget and cravin some pizza.
5	Best pizza in town.  If you haven't tried it please do.
4	I'm not a fan of most chain pizza delivery spots. Because of that, I typically steer away from pizza delivery because I can't think of a good local spot that delivers in my area. But recently, I couldn't find it in me to leave my house and nothing in my refrigerator looked appealing, so I resorted to the quick and easy call to a pizza parlor. I did a Yelp search and found Chizona's which is practically down the street from me. I can't count the number of times I've driven by this little divey pizza shop and always wondered if it was good. Well, now I'm happy to finally share my report with the yelp world: it's more than good. It's delicious! The delivery process was pretty seamless. I called and ordered my pizza, paid over the phone and it was delivered to my doorstep in less than the 45 minute time frame they gave me. The delivery guy was clean cut and friendly which is important to me when I open my door up to a delivery person. So let's now move on to the food. The pizza was better than decent! It's cut into squares, with gooey cheese and nicely cooked bread. It's a couple notches above par but not quite gourmet level. It's pretty much ideal for a fatty pizza night. I ordered a side Cesar salad with it, but I should have asked for the dressing on the side because it was more like Cesar salad with a side of salad. After my experience and the quality of food, I will definitely become a regular of Chizona's and next time I will be sure to visit the restaurant itself and try the Chicago dog!
5	Awesome place me and a couple buddies go in on each week and get the extra large pie at my office i would highly recommend this place to anyone keep it up Chizona's you guys are awesome
4	Believe it or not, I haven't had the Pizza here yet.  I'm a huge fan of Pizza, but the reason for my visit is Pizza Puffs.  Yes, those mouthwatering pocket filled morsels of goodness.....it's one of the food items I associate with Chicago.When I heard this joint had Pizza Puffs, I immediately stopped by for lunch one day.  I ordered an Italian Sub & a Pizza Puff.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6zincCvQTb9BsuK-GHZ4cw?select=Bb3c9tM6uvXJmgaiT9B8eAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6zincCvQTb9BsuK-GHZ4cw?select=32uwfuBXI-ig7g6METKPKAThe Italian Sub was served hot and came out first.  I kind of wish the Pizza Puff came out at the same time because it takes a little while for the Pizza Puff to cool off....but that's ok.The Italian Sub was very good.  It was a nice sized portion, not too big & not too small, just right for lunch.  The Deli Meats are tasty served hot and the Bread was very good!The Pizza Puff was brought out to me a short time later.  I couldn't wait to take a bite....hmmmm, it's just like they serve them in Chicago.  If you've never had a Pizza Puff, do yourself a favor and go out and try one as soon as possible....You'll be glad you did!Overall, it was a nice lunch, satisfying my taste for Chicago.  They also serve Pizza and Dog's here, so I will be back!Return Factor - 90%
5	Chizona's is awesome. The atmosphere is great, the staff was really friendly and helpful the first time we went in, not to mention the pizza is a delicious traditional Chicago style, which is hard to find around here. I have yet to try the chicago beef, but it's next on the list. Fantastic spot.
1	...if you like having enough salt on your pizza to kill a full grown horse, this is your kind of pizza.... I will never eat there again. The owner made no effort to compensate for the worst pizza I have ever eaten. Sorry, there are far better places in Scottsdale to get a pizza than this "joint".
4	I couldn't believe that this small place packed such a big punch!!!!! The pizza was fantastic and the super simple dinner salad was soooo good! It's affordable, fun, and so tasty. Just wish they were open more. Always find myself craving Chizona's when they aren't open. ugh. Anyway, I will work my schedule around this awesome eatery.
2	Recently moved to AZ from Chicago and found this place nearby.  Their attempt at Chicago hot dogs was pretty feeble at best... the dog was soggy (doubting that it was authentic Vienna Beef), they used the wrong pickles... the fries were hard and I couldn't finish them.  The pizza that the guys at the next table over were eating looked pretty sad.  And they're from Chicago and don't make Chicago deep dish pizza?  C'mon...Dead silent in this place, one tv that was positioned so that nobody could see it, no soda fountain.... I had high hopes, but this place missed the mark.  For good Chicago hot dogs and better ambiance, I'll go to Taste of Chicago on Scottsdale Rd and Thunderbird.
1	I moved to Scottsdale a few weeks ago.  I ordered delivery from this place practically every other day for two or so weeks and always tipped.  The cheese dogs, pizza puffs, and salad are all great, but the staff itself doesn't respect you.  One day, the delivery driver was late 30 minutes because of car issues and I completely understood things like that do happen.  When the delivery driver came, I shook his hand, tipped him on the receipt, and walked back inside.  On the phone, I was told my next order was "on the house" because my food arrived late; at first I thought "great!".  Come the next day, I call somewhere between 11AM and noon and redeem the offer I was given.  My order was identical to the one I made the previous day.  Instead of getting a calzone again (which was unsatisfactory), I asked for hot wings since I have never tried them from Chizonas.  The cashier said they were out of wings.  We then talked about what alternatives there were and decided on chicken fingers.  I was careful to not exceed the dollar amount of my previous order, and the cashier said "thank you, your order will be there in 30 to 40 minutes".  The order arrived, but the chicken fingers were missing.  I thought maybe the driver forgot them in the car since there was no delivery receipt for the order, so I quickly called Chizonas and asked them to call the delivery driver since he couldn't have gone too far away.  Another cashier than the one I made the order with picked up the phone this time and looked over my receipt.  She said there were no chicken fingers on the receipt.  Instead of the cashier taking initiative and saying "we're sending it out now, sorry!", she asked if I wanted the driver to get them and come back out.  It was quite clear this was intentional by the previous cashier; he didn't want to give me valuable food for free (neither wings or chicken fingers).  I politely answered "no, thank you" to the cashier and hung up.  After all that I'd done to make it a good experience for them, this was like being spit on.  As I told the owner in my first few orders, I have been to many, many pizza restaurants and italian eateries.  Things like this separate the average places from the great ones.  I will not eat from here again, ever.
5	When it comes to pizza, I am fairly particular. More often than not, when I try a new place, I leave disappointed. I happened to be driving past Chizona's Pizza and thought I'd stop in for a sandwich. The Italian Beef was outstanding, as were the fries. The next time I drove by, I decided to take the risk and try the pizza. It was fantastic. Really. The thin crust was perfect, the sauce magnificent, and the toppings generous. It was so good that although I live over 30 minutes away, if I am anywhere near Chizona's, I make it a point to stop in.
1	I've got to admit, I was extremely disappointed with their service.  We ordered a pizza and waited for 1.5 hours.  When we finally called to see what exactly was taking them so long, they simply said they couldn't find our location.  I understand there may not be many people with some sort of gps device.  However, after giving them the cross streets and not receiving any sign of misunderstanding from their end, I thought they were good to go.  They said they made a phone call to notify us; when we never received one.  I just hope the charge is reversed like they said they would.  Needless to say, I won't be ordering pizza from them due to their poor customer service.
3	I ordered: 1) gyro with fries 2) chizona dog with everythingThe gyro was above average mostly because of the sauce. The fries were not good. They tasted soggy like they had been soaked in grease before fried. The hot dog was the highlight. The toppings were well portioned and made the dog a good meal. Bottom line: order the gyro but leave the fries. Get a hot dog with everything on it.
3	So my dad, mom and I decided to order pizza tonight from a place other than Hungry Howies or Dominoes. We looked at NYPD, Barro's and Streets of New York until we finally settled on Chizona's since it's a few streets up from my house. We called in and ordered two pizzas, one cheese with feta and the other pepperoni and sausage, hot wings and breaded zucchini. It only took about 45 minutes to get to us and when it arrived it was super fresh and hot. That's always a plus. The pizza smelled divine so we sat down to eat and the first thing we noticed was the crust. Maybe we have been spoiled by all the non authentic pizza we have been ordering over the years, but the crust was slightly flavorless and borderline too crunchy to even eat. The sauce and the toppings were awesome, though, and the breaded zucchini was great! I can't speak on the wings personally but my dad ate a few and commented that they were good. One really big plus was that  nothing was overly greasy and it was probably the freshest pizza I've ever had delivered to me.  All in all I'm not ranting and raving about Chizona's,  but I'm not writing them off either.
4	So glad we found this place! It's right by boyfriend's house and all the other pizza places around him haven't been that great. But this is one pizza parlor we will definitely be coming back to.We stopped in this past Friday night and ordered pizza to go. We got pepperoni and pineapple and were quite happy with it. I would like it a little crispier, but I'm sure if I ask for that, it wouldn't be problem.They're very friendly here. It's a tiny tiny place so don't expect much when you go. After reading some of the reviews on here, it seems I should try their Pizza Puffs and hot dogs. That's next!
4	I drive by this place everyday and have never been inside, so yesterday I was feeling the urge for something new and stopped in.  Many items on the menu looked delicious and the pizza smelled awesome, but that sounded like too much food...I ended up ordering the Italian Sub and the Cheesy French Bread with marinara to-go.  I did not realize the sub came with a side of fresh cut fries, so it ended up being a ton of food, but I was not disappointed!  The French bread is made in-house and tastes good.  It came with Italian spices sprinkled over the top and the perfect amount of cheese, not to mention perfectly cooked (little crispy along the edge).  The only negative, it was a bit skimpy on the yummy marinara sauce.  The Italian sub was also tasty, no special meat or anything but delicious nonetheless.  The fresh cut fries were a pleasant surprise considering I didn't realize they came with my order :) The service was great and the gentleman at the counter was very helpful and informative.  Chizona's has been around 11 years and has a Midwestern vibe inside.  Lots of Chicago sports memorabilia on the walls and the smell of pizza, hot-dogs, and pizza puffs...yum!  I should note for all the Chicagoans that it is NOT deep-dish Chicago style pizza, but it looked good (have not tried it yet).  If you want to deliver, he informed me there is a $10 minimum. Also, they have walk-in specials (i.e.  Vienna beef hot-dog, fries and a drink for $4.99).  I have no doubt, I will be back for more!
5	Best pizza ever! Hot dogs too! They deliver or you can dine in. Great Chicago atmosphere. It's a must!
5	We have ordered from here a few times now and Chizona's has never disappointed, the pizza has been great every time. We also love the cheese garlic bread. Being from the Midwest, I was also very happy to find a place with a good pizza puff. I haven't had the hot dog yet but I've only heard good things - can't wait to try a couple.Go Sox!
5	pizza very good homemade tasting not just the taste of salt like alot of the chains
4	I, like many, have been driving by this place for the past 3 years since I started working in the area and decided to check it out about a month ago.  It was very reasonable for quite a bit of food and since I love pizza and love helping out locally owned shops, this was a perfect fit! Pizza was delicious, came with a salad and a soda (which I barely ever drink, but make an exception for every so often).  Very impressed.  When I saw the Groupon deal I didn't even wait five minutes before I was entering my card number.  Lunch was on me today for myself and my boss and I have to say, once again I am thoroughly impressed.  The pizza is delicious, the salad is fresh and the prices are very reasonable for the amount of food you get.  The man behind the counter, as before, was chatty and very nice and I will definitely be recommending this place to not only everyone in my building, but to friends as well.  I will also be visiting again when I am in need of a yummy pizza fix (which is quite often for me).  I suggest you do the same :)
5	Get past the stupid name for the best pizza since you moved away from Chicago.  No, really.  Seriously, not kidding.  You've tried Rosati's - hit or miss depending on the location, and AZ locations aren't the same as Chicago suburbs.  Little Chicago is good, but still not home pizza.  We've been frequenting those 2 places for years.  It was what we settled into as 'good' pizza.  I drive past ChiZona 5 days a week.  It's a mile from my house.  And the name is so campy and lame I never ever even bothered to consider trying their pizza.  Boy, I was a dimwit!  Because they offered a Groupon, I decided to check out the Yelp! reviews -- and I was surprised.  So I tentatively ordered a Groupon for ChiZona.  Honestly, I figured if it was garbage, my kids would still eat it.  They don't care.  Ok, to the point -- we ordered a pizza there tonight.  And I was blown away.  Well, with all the pizza I ate, it'll take a lot to blow me anywhere right now...  This is the pizza of my home.  The perfect cracker crust, thin and crispy around the edges, still firm in the middle.  The sauce has the right flavor, man it is SPOT ON.  And they managed to put the exact right amount of cheese for a Chicago pizza.  Perfect.  And it's cooked right, getting those amber brown spots throughout the cheese... Oh my goodness.  I could just kick my own a$$ for not trying this place sooner.  But the name of the restaurant is still dumb...
1	The place is the most inconsistent I have ever seen. The peperoni sucks and is sometimes rancid. The blond girl at the counter acts like she is on meth,and usually tries to overcharge you. The fries are not fresh cut as one person mentioned but are frozen and are usually fried a second time (greasy old crap). THE ROACHES ARE SOMETIMES SCARED TO GO IN THE ILLEGAL ALIEN RUN KITCHEN. All this and its not even cheap obviously they are having there friends put reviews here.
4	You can take the boy out of Chicago but you can't take the Chicago out of the boy. Being from Chicago, I've been meaning to try this place for ages.I mean what a cool name, Chizona, pretty easy to figure it out, some McHenry, Illinois guys running a CHIcago place in ariZONA.I was jonsing for their pizza since it smelled so good but after having pizza two days in a row, I opted for the Gyro and fries. The gyro came with onions, tomatoes and tzatziki sauce plus cut fries with the skins on them. I love the fries, they give you a very generous amount. The gyro was great as well, My wife loved their Italian Beef and said it was better than Al's Beef (sorry Al). My only complaint is there isn't a self serve soda machine, just cans of soda for a dollar. I'm definitely coming back for some pizza because it sure smells good.I've just finished my own personal challenge of writing 100 reviews in 2012.
5	Simply the best thin crust pizza made!
1	After reading some of the reviews I thought this pizza joint would be a good choice, but was totally wrong. I ordered a 14" pizza with fresh tomatoes and a Greek salad. The pizza was extremely bland, absolutely no flavor!!! The salad was also bland and soggy so, I couldn't enjoy that either. Waste of twenty bucks!!! I would not recommend this place to anyone or ever come back.
4	Excellent pizza. I have lived about a mile away from this place for 20 years and this was my first visit. It will not be my last!
4	The pizza is fantastic, but pass on the Gyro.....They should take it off the menu and just sell Pizza.  If someone never had the pizza and just ate the Gyro they might not go back and they would be missing out on some very good za!  I am from Chicago and this tastes like home, but I will pass on the gyro!
5	Excellent pizza. I work at the Scotsdale Salt River Courtyard thats around the corner from this place & I'm a regular there. I always order a slice of Sausage & Jalepeno pizza with a side of their homemade fries & ranch! Always consistant , always delivered within 30-45 minutes. A MUST try.
3	The pizza was good, but a bit salty. Delivery was very fast, even on the weekend.
5	Gotta have the fries!  Specials are amazing, pizza is delicious!
5	Great, greasy pizza and excellent salads.  Always ask for dressing on the side.
5	My family and I have been coming here for years. The food is always delicious and the staff is always incredibly nice, even while we stand at the counter bickering over what we're going to get. I usually stick to the deal of the pizza, salad, and drink -- can't go wrong with that.
5	I have to admit to not trying anything on the menu besides the pizza. It's PIZZA in the name, and since I tried my first one I can't think about ordering anything else. I have been to Chicago many times and sorry but I'm not a fan of deep dish no matter how many tries at it. Give me that low thin crust with a nice fresh cheese and excellent toppings.First off, this cheese doesn't taste like the others. Like many I ordered chain pizza for convenience. After finding Chizona you remember what pizza should taste like. The cheese is a standout. Something about it just tastes so fresh and it has real flavor. Thank you Chizona for your attention to flavor. The sauce, the cheese, pepperoni... ohhh!!! Remember this isn't the thick heavy bread tons of extra flavorless cheese pizza. if you're a fan of thin crust with lots of flavor fan then this is the pizza for you.
5	great n. y. style pizza!!!!! i would recommend that every one try this place out!
5	The 2 slices and a can of soda deal is hard to beat for 5$...  they also don't charge extra for ranch or blue cheese, and the sausage pizza is great.  The Italian beef is huge and delicious.
4	It's moving day and we've just arrived in our new house with no food. Luckily, there's a Chicago-style pizza place just down the street with great Yelp reviews - of course, we tried it! The thin crust is well-executed, especially with fresh tomatoes - definitely yummy, hit the spot.  As an added bonus, the delivery guy is really nice, so good service delivered at your door with good pizza.
1	We moved to the South Scottsdale area about a week before Thanksgiving. Being from Chicago, this was the pizza we had to try. The food is amazing, but the customer service stinks. We've ordered 5 times at least and have had a major delay 2 out of those 5 times. Tonight I placed an order for pickup. It is a 40 minute pickup time, but since the food is great, I agree. I arrived on time for pickup to discover that the woman hadn't even added the wings on to our order. I asked how long for the wings. She tells me 20 minutes. I told her to forget the wings, we'll just take the rest of the order. She then tells me that the order isn't ready and that I am looking at another 20 minutes. Tired from just arriving from a plane trip, I agree to pay upfront and have them deliver. I noticed while I was there that they had taken the phones off the hook because they couldn't accommodate any more orders. Even with $10 off the bill, I am outraged! It took almost another hour for them to deliver the food I had paid for upfront. I tried calling, but phones were still not being answered. No pizza is worth an 1 hour and 40 minute delivery time!!! Especially when it was supposed to be a pick up order to begin with. Good food, but poorly managed. If you have that much business, hire more help and do right by your customers!!! Will not be customers again unless management changes. Too bad, loved their food!
2	One star for the decent chicken strips and fries with homemade ranch dressing, and one for the service cause the delivery guy was nice. However, the pizza crust tasted like stale leftover matzah. Then they cut it into little squares and you couldn't pick a piece up without making a mess. All I want is a good pizza pie and cut normal into slices! I just wasted $28 on a med pie and chx strips.
1	I have been using Yelp for over a year and never wrote a review. I had to after trying Chizona Pizza. I live nearby so was always curious. My wife and I ordered a sub and a pizza. They delivered it and when I unwrapped it I noticed they gave me the wrong sub. I called to let them know, they argued saying I ordered something different. I was very specific when I ordered  the first time and the guy even repeated it on the phone at the end of the order, so it was very clear they just dropped the ball. He never apologized once and asked me to drive there to pick up a new one if I really wanted it. I just told him to refund me on my card instead, as he sounded pretty pissed and I wasn't about to risk having a very angry guy remake me the sub I actually ordered. I was pretty bummed about the experience as I was excited to finally order from there. Oh and by the way, we could barely eat the  pizza...it was very below mediocre. Most frozen pizzas are better. :( We should have never strayed from Barros.
5	Great pizza, excellent delivery time & if I ever come back again I would definitely go there.
5	If you're from Chicago you will appreciate this pizza. Somewhat similar to D'Agostinos and Aurelio's with a sweeter tomato sauce on the thin crust perfectly cut into squares. This restaurant is a smaller hole in the wall type with all Chicago sports memorabilia lining the walls. There is a little outdoor area to eat on a beautiful Arizona day. This place was a great find and I try to eat here a few times a month.
5	I usually order from Chizona's at least once a week. Their XL pizza cut into squares is perfect when I am having people over. I love their thin crust pizza. Their staff is always friendly and are usually quick, prompt and offer an accurate time line for delivery or pickup. I'm a big fan of their pepperoni and sausage pizza.
4	Moved from Gilbert and ordered Chizona's on moving day!  Pizza was delicious and fresh, and quick delivery too!
4	I had the chicken fingers which includes 5 large pieces and a large amount of fries which seem to be made there. Plus a side of ranch.Chicken fingers were ok, obviously from a bag. Fries have the skin left on and are tasty.
2	The food is very good , but the service stinks. There have been times when I can't get through on the phone for an hour. Tonight really was the icing on the cake. I ordered a pizza at 545 and was told it would take "over an hour". Now when I think over an hour I'm thinking an hour and a half or so.  An hour and 45 minutes rolls around and I called and the only explanation I got was that they were busy. Totally cool, I've been in the service industry I get that things don't always go as planned. It has now been 2 hours and 15 minutes and I still don't have a pizza. Not too happy and pretty hungry... Oh and even better just got the pizza , it was not even close to warm so I threw it away and ordered a new one from Rosatis. I did appreciate them crediting my card back. Never again though ..
5	Gyro, pizza, Greek salad... Pretty much everything is good. Quick delivery, good specials.
4	Just had pepperoni and sausage pizza delivered. Crust is thin and crispy and perfect. Sauce has an excellent spice to it. It was absolutely delicious! Also got the antipasto salad and garlic bread with marinara. Would definitely have it again when I'm back in town.
1	I am going to befriend everyone that gave this place 5*'s.. Just so I know where NOT to go! Delivery was quick (thank you sir) but the hot italian beef was immensely, utterly, horribly, disgusting   no au-jus, dry as a old lady in the Arizona sun. Pass on this place. Yuck, excuse me while I hop on the treadmill in grief
5	Good local food location. We had pizza, fries and Ceasar Salad. All of which are good. Must see for Chicago fans.
5	Ordered a pizza and 2 sandwiches off the menu for pick up. Off the charts good. The next time we are in the Scottsdale area we will be hitting this place up again.
4	OK,  ordered it for delivery.  Will update my experience after we eat the pie.  So far, when I called and talked to the owner...1.  She is from Chicago (Bonus Star) 2.  She said that she would make our pie "special".  Chitown folks stick together.Too be continued...
3	OK,Pizza delivered to my hotel.  Check.Opened up the box and the pie looked delicious. Check.Pizza had ingredients as requested. Check.Pizza cut in squares, like a true Chicago pie. CheckPizza cut all the way through the dough. EPIC FAIL.My oh my.  When you pick up a slice (Chizona's cuts the pie is squares) you want to pick up a slice with all of the ingredients on top of the slice.  Three of us (two who never had a Chicago style thin crust) and not one slice was cut all the way through.  In a hotel room, with no cutlery we tried our best to keep the ingredients on top of each slice, but pulling apart slices, that are not cut, created an awful mess.  We ended up with a bunch of hand pulled empty slices, and trying our best to put the ingredients on each slice.  We gave up.If you cant cut a pie, which is so Pizza 101, than you create a crappy experience for your customer.  3 stars for the fresh ingredients, great sauce, the owner adding some Giardiniera (very fresh and tasty). Minus 2 stars for the mess that was created by the pizza not being cut all the way through.I had so much higher hope's.Stay hungry my friends...
4	Thin crust here truly reminds me of thin Chicago pizza.  Friendly service too, and I love the RC cola on tap.  The afternoon slice is a big portion size.  Fries are delicious, and a generous portion for the price too.  Like this little shop.
4	Had the Chicago dog first time here and it was splendid! I will be back to check out the pizza. Love the hole in the wall ma and pa places! No a/c but then Chicago was built on sweat!
4	Had the opportunity to dine here with the famous Scott D and his lovely wife. We needed something quick to eat before the Doobie tribute concert and this is where we ended up. Sweet!Located in a small strip mall and easy to drive right past. This is a nice little hole in the wall restaurant with many of the all time Chicago favorites.Inside is decorated with all sorts of fun items that make you feel like you are back in the Windy City. You can order at the counter and get it to go or just sit down at one of their cozy tables and take the load off your feet.Ordered a couple of Chi Dogs and had them dressed to kill. Both my wife and Scott's went with the Chicago Dog special which comes with fries and a drink. Our traveling companion choose the Big Pizza Slice special and it was rather large. My main man Scott went with the Giant Meatball Sandwich and fries. It was HUGE!Really liked their homemade French Fries and had to grab a few from my wife's basket. The pile was very large and she insisted. Everything tasted really good and the portion sizes were quite large.Looking forward to trying out their Calzones and more of their other tasty treats in the future. Thanks Mr. Scott for recommending such a swell pick. Going to put this on my top secret rotation when in the area. CUBS WIN THE PENNANT!4.25 STARS
4	I recently moved near Chizona and was excited to get a taste of Chicago. Being from Illinois I've had plenty of food from Chicago and was expecting the pizza to be deep dish but the thin crust style was still very good. I plan on trying more of their foods but as of right now I can say that the pizza is worth a try.
2	I had such high hopes for this place, being a huge fan of Chicago Style food I was exctied to try this place. Parking was easy, it's right off the main road so if you're going west on Mcdonald you turn right into the lot.  The inside is decent enough,nice Chicago decor, a few autographed pictures and placards.  The temperature inside was a bit discomforting but since I was picking up a to-go order it was tolerable. We ordered a large cheese pizza, some chicken tenders,and some fries. The chicken was your basic breaded, nothing special, chicken tender, probably bought from Sysco or wherever they purchase their condiments from. The fries were the biggest dissapointment though, they tasted like they'd been microwaved, they were super soft and rubbery, had no texture at all, flavor was ok but way too mushy. The pizza was also dissapointing, it looked like it was gonna be good but I judged it by looks. Its cut into small squares which is fine,but the crust was just not a good thin crust. Maybe they use regular tap-water to make the dough? With the type of tap water we have here it's a big mistake to use it unfiltered.  So you have a great quality cheese,great sauce and flavors,but it's baked onto a crust that is pale,hard,inconsistent, rough to bite through. Maybe it was just me, but I will go back and try some other things because the service was friendly and the hot dogs looked great. Maybe its a better place to eat inside at,because I've never had fries that were so mushy.
4	My husband and I are very budget conscious but when we like to splurge on pizza, we think of Chizonas, really good Chicago style pizza and convenient! They are right down the street from us and best of all they do deliver. The only downfall is sometimes our orders can get a little expensive but it's nice to have a change compared to dominoes or Pizza Hut. Keep up the good work!
1	If you love mediocre frozen pizza made by terrible service, you will love this place. My husband and I decided to try it after the raving reviews and have been left $26 poorer and very unsatisifed. The service was awful. Very unfriendly and when we went to pick up our order the phone rang and the employee literally huffed and puffed, acted like she didn't want to order it and rolled her eyes like "oh great, more business". There is a freezer in eyesight of the cash register and it is stocked with frozen bags of chicken fingers. Seriously, go to Frys and buy your own. We got a salad and pizza. The pizza was thin crust and literally tasted like frozen, premade dough. Very very disappointing. If this is what pizza of Chicago tastes like, I will not be heading to Chicago anytime soon. Go to Barros. Thank me later.
2	Pretty sure I just ordered the worst gyro of my life. The meat was way over cooked, crispy!  I was starving so I ate it, don't recommend this place especially for the gyro being 10$
5	Great thin crust pizza. Best Frys and roat beer u can get. You must try. Very Quint and family oriented. Little slices make it easy to eat too.
1	I have been meaning to write a review on this place for years ever since I went here, but have not taken the time to sit and write a review. I got one of the calzones to go.It was the gnarliest hunk of who knows what wrapped in tin foil.  It was oozing with cheese and grease from the pepperoni.  I split one of these with my partner and still was disgustingly full by the end of this.No sooner did I finish this meal that I found myself very sorry in the bathroom with explosions.I suppose it is evolutionarilyy engrained in you once that happens to safely decide not to eat that food again. So, that's what I have decided to do. If you're looking for a cheap, greasy, filling mess, this is your place.
1	What a debacle.  90 minutes later, no food, then they want me to accept and pay for 45 minute old, cold food.  No offer of anything to make up for their mistake.  Instead the unpleasant girl on the phone started arguing with me saying that I shouldn't have expected it in 45 minutes just because that's what the delivery confirmation said.  "That's not the actual wait time."  Uh.  Ok.  Um, bye?
4	A little hole-in-the-wall kind of gem that has delicious eats. I was in the mood for some serious grub that wouldn't break my bank, and thanks to Yelp, I stumbled upon this place with 4-stars and one dollar sign. Perfect. It lived up to my expectations! I ordered the ChiZona hot dog and homemade french fries. This is the kind of hot dog that you need to order as is, Chicago style, with all the yummy fixings to make it great. The french fries are really good, crispy, crunchy, and they give you a large portion. My boyfriend got the Italian beef sandwich and he was very happy with his order. It was a giant sandwich so he ended up taking half of it home. Luckily, he is moving closer to ChiZona so I have a feeling we will be eating there quite often. We both left full and happy for less than $20 altogether! Excited to try their pizza and chicken tenders!
3	Fairly good cheese pizza here, especially the slices at lunch time.  Nice thin crust that is reminiscent of thin crust examples I've had in Chicago.  Fries are very good as well, and the portion size is very generous.  Negatives, though, are that there's hardly any parking and the place doesn't exactly feel very inspiring with the cleanliness.  Why do they have those privacy drapes for the kitchen doorway anyway - what are they hiding?
5	There's a reason I live within a few mile radius from here. Any time I miss Chicago, I come here and just chow down. Literally with everything possible on the menu that my little body can take. It is a hole-in-the-wall but that's the beauty. No flash, no bling. Just good people with really good food, together with good sports memorabilia. Walk in and the smells take you to the streets or some sporting event.A true Chicago hot dog should consist of two things: Vienna Beef and all the fixings. Their Chizona hot dog is the super star and probably their best seller. I forego the fries to order more than 2 ChiZona dogs. Somehow it lessens the guilt, if there should be any. The gyros are another fave. And I have to gush, the calzones are as meaty as the men from there. I will warn the ladies that if you're trying to impress a boy, don't eat here until he's total smitten given you can't have the dogs without onions and the buns require you carry a flosser. Just heads up!It is so affordable that you could go hog wild and have more than two hot dogs. The only crappy thing is the parking backs up against McDonald which can be a musical chair of sorts to get in and out.  I believe you can have two loves and this place lets me be faithful to Arizona and Chicago.
5	Awesome Meatball sandwich! I really like the pizza too! I have had the mozz sticks as well and their were decent, really big actually. They deliver which is also very convenient and the price is not too bad also. A good all around go to pizza joint. Next time I will have to try the other things on the menu.
