5	Wow, that was a great restaurant experience.  The food here is fresh and very tasty. The service was very helpful and fast... I'll be back soon.
4	4.5 Stars All Day Long. And who wouldn't want a Spiced Calvados Sidecar to help kickstart the holidays? I know I did. Although contrary to the azcentral article (http://tinyurl.com/2fy6m5w) "Best holiday drinks around the Northeast Valley", the rim was not frozen and in fact, the bartender had no idea what I was talking about when I asked for the cocktail. But in all fairness, they've been open just over a week. After a few minutes of asking around - she quickly corrected herself and not only apologized but bought my first drink! Whew! I knew I had done my homework. And the drink was amazing.We went for the full dining experience at Local Bistro. Started out with the Beef Carpaccio which was topped with arugula, parmiggiano, fried caper berries and drizzled with truffle oil. First time EVER even hearing about a caperberry. Basically, "capers" are young buds of the caper bush. If they grow large enough, they become caperberries which when fried, reminded me of okra, with a hint of tartness like olives, larger pearl like seeds...inside with a slight sticky texture. Interesting! I love parmigiano so that was a no brainer but the arugula was fresh, delicious, and paired nicely with the carpaccio.For an entree - how about some pan seared sea bass with seasonal veggies topped with a vanilla beurre blanc? Killer. Added a side of Spinach which was sauteed in olive oil with garlic and granada padano...the infamous italian cheese that is similar to parmiggiano with a few different distinct qualities. Great flavor, prepared nicely. Well done and priced at $24.I couldn't leave without trying dessert. They had I "I want them all" for $40 which would give you all the desserts...but I chose from the list the most unique which happened to be the Nutella Calzone. It was wood-fired, stuffed with nutella, served with berries and I think it was supposed to be topped with vanilla gelato, although ours was served without? And I don't remember the name of the cocktail but I had a dessert cocktail which included a biscotti liquor. Delish. Still my favorite was the spiced sidecar....well worth the venture up north.It was completely out of my hood but I am determined to try all the 10 hot spots for unique holiday cocktails. If I'm ever in the area I'll definitely be back and I would highly recommend for anyone in the neighborhood. I'd be there often!!!
5	My new favorite restaurant near Grayhawk.  How could food and service be so great after just one week.  Amazing value!  Staff is superb.  German, who owns the place, walks around and genuinely engages with his customers not in the usually patronizing or obilgatory way.  Wait staff is actually enjoyable to talk with.  This place has really figured out how to make you feel welcome.  And the food was amazing.  My only fear is that we may be going so often that we'll get burned out.  But if so, it will take a long time.  A fabulous experience in every respect.  Welcome to our neighborhood, Local Bistro.  Please stay for a long, long time.
5	Love this place. Food is amazing. Service is great. So glad to have another great place in Grayhawk.  I love that the sandwiches are served on a cutting board..something unique, and fun.  I ordered take-out one day, I was expecting the normal "take out" type presentation.  Cold food, warm salad...you know.  I was blown away!!  I opened my food, and aside from the cutting board, I felt like I had been served in the restaurant.  I have not had anything there that I wouldn't order again...wonderful food, great service...all around great!!  One of my new favorites!
4	I was pleasantly surprised by this neat neighborhood  concept - very welcoming and warm staff: Hudson is a true professional. Cozy dining room with the exception of the somewhat chilly and drafty factor.My only thought was that presentation on the plates could be improved with a little sauce or garnish. It does not cost much to dazzle the eye and really does not take much effortDid I enjoy myself: yes - was I blown away: no - would I return: YES!I give Local Bistro a lot of credit for creating a restaurant with an incredible staff and accessible prices. Also I like the fact that it is not pretentious!
4	I must say, that after Eddie Chans left, I had a large, gaping hole in my heart. In hopes that another Asian restaurant would take its place, I was initially disappointed to see another "pizza" place go in... (you know, with ZPizza in the SAME shopping center). But, I really did love the feel of this place, and I came hungry, which was a plus. We ordered the drunk bread appetizer, which, in my personal opinion, was the best thing I ate. Wine, cheese, and bread... if it had chocolate somewhere, it would be a fusion of all my greatest loves. We also ordered the beef carpaccio. This dish left much to be desired. I am not afraid of carpaccio.... give it to me nice and raw.... their carpaccio was well seasoned, but, in my opinion, was a bit overcooked. I had the veggie pizza, and it was very good. Veggies were flavorful and perfectly cooked, and the pizza was good. Good, not GREAT (I am partial to Sauce). Dessert was the berry calzone and I was blown away. Big enough to share, and not too sweet, with nutella instead of chocolate. I loved it. I am however, bummed that I just had a glass of wine here, now reading other reviews about their stellar cocktails. My favorite thing was the feel of this place. I love Postino Wine Bar in Phoenix, but its such a hike, and Local really has that feel. Very neighborhood, great bar, good apps. Service is really good, too. They aren't all over you, and I came with people who I don't often see, so we chat a lot, and he didn't make us feel rushed, which was really nice. I recommend it, especially if you are a local in Grayhawk or Desert Ridge.
5	Finally, a fun place with great food in our Grayhawk neighborhood.  The Chef is Italian and the owner (German) is friendly and always there.  Ever since my husband and I found this place, we've become regulars, eating there twice to three times a week. My favorites are the two fresh pastas, but also tried one of their pizzas which is amazing.  The Mac & Cheese is also among the best in the valley.My husband really likes the pork chop and I would also recommend their salmon.  They have several pastas, but my favorite is the fresh mushroom (I have them add chicken) in a creamy sauce.The bartenders (Ryan & Natalie) are friendly and efficient.  In a short 6 weeks, this place has managed a good crowd and there was a bit of wait (which I don't mind for good food) on Friday night.  Boy, I guess we'll have to start making reservations.Last but not least, it is reasonably priced -- check out their Saturday/Sunday drink specials ;)
4	Consistently super service...this in my opinion is a restaurant that gets it in terms of being hands on with the customer. In fact, I would not be surprised if Local Bistro becomes my new favorite dining spot. I have tremendous admiration and respect for German, the owner who takes the time to greet the customer. This to me is one of the single most important factors in retaining my business and influencing the likelihood of my return.Hudson is a class act server, who by his wit, good manners, and culinary knowledge promises to enlighten your evening no matter how grumpy you were when you came in the restaurant. (The pressure is on now :-).....)Local Bistro, I have complete faith in your success and you count me in as a delighted customer this second time around.But please dim that entrance light so I can leave my shades at home!...and soak those ladyfingers in espresso to truly enhance the Tiramisu for the true pick me up is should be!
5	Local Bistro delivers:  excellent tasting food that is well prepared and presented, ample portions, efficient friendly service, a nice casual modern setting and fair prices.  Second visit was on a busy Friday night.  Arrived early for our reservation and the place was buzzing--all tables filled and bar seats taken.  Hostesses pleasantly greeted us assured us table would be ready soon and it was.  Restaurant was busy and noisy and some guests notice what nearby tables are served.  Ample wine selection by the glass.  Started with Ahi Tuna Tartar.  Small squares of delicious marinated tuna served in a circular mold.  One order ample for two.  The daily chicken special consisted of a 1/2 tender toast chicken served with lots of fresh roasted vegetables and sauce.  I like chicken with fairly crisp skin and moist interior and this chicken met the mark.  Veggies outstanding--just al dente enough.  Tiramisu dessert top notch and ample for two--or three.  Nearby tables had steaks, fries, mac n cheese and all looked fantastic.  People were eating outside on chilly night; suspect they did not have reservations.  Look forward to returning soon.
3	After reading all the yelp reviews on Local Bistro my standing Thursday Lunch with a friend found us there.Well we were disappointed!  It was not overly busy, and the service was marginal at best.  3 servers, 2 managers + bus staff covered the dining area.  Not too bad for the size.  We were sat at our table and it took about 10 minutes to be greeted by our server.  Okay, but then it was tedious at best from there.We ordered a cup of the 'soup of the moment', Lobster Bisque w/Crab.  It was delicious...so we thought, will if the food is this good we could get over the service pretty darn quick!My dining partner ordered the Chicken Panini w/side salad.  I had the Mushroom Swiss Panini w/frys.  These were served on a wooden cutting board, quaint and yet unappealing.  My friend notice large cracks in her board and was concerned how sanitary it was to eat off of.  How do they sanitize wooden boards?  I suspect they put them through the dishwasher, hence the large cracking we observed.  Never the less, it's a novel way to serve the sandwiches.  My mushroom panini was good, not great.  Actually somewhat dry.  Maybe due to there being over 50% of the sandwich containing bread.  The frys were grea,t when they were warm, as they cooled they became very paste like in flavor.  My compainions chicken sandwich contained an unoridinate amout of yellow peppers.  Once she removed them, the sandwich tasted better to her.  Once finished with 1/2 of her sandwich, she decided she'd had enough bread and pulled out the chicken to eat alone.  Well she couldn't eat it.  It was sooooo dry once you took all the condiments and goop off of it she could not eat it.  In fact she remarked that she needed her razor teeth to eat it. But, she loved the side salad. Water was not filled unless asked, we had to ask to pay our bill, etc....So I don't know if I'd go back or not. MMMMMM  On the fence with that.  Maybe dinner would be better???  Very inconsistent was the experience.
4	Beautiful atmosphere... awesome food! Saturday and Sunday they have bottomless pit Mimosas and Bloody Mary's which just adds to the fantastic atmosphere and peaceful surroundings. The staff is nice, and dressed cute. Love that they use Tom's shoes ( proceeds from Tom's shoes go to charity).Try the food, definitely sit outside at least once because you will see the gorgeous Arizona atmosphere, and live real life perfect weather. A definite gotta check this place out!
4	Went last night for a last minute Valentine's Day dinner. They were booked, but they saved us two spots at the bar. They have an extensive menu with a wide selection of pastas, pizzas, and entree items. We shared the dip trio: romesco (yum!), pesto, and a kalamata tapenade. It came with warm flat bread brushed with olive oil. We split the farm salad which was fresh and perfectly lightly dressed. At the bartender's recommendation, we shared the pappardella bolognese (housemade pasta, tomato ragu, and meat). All very good. We stuck to wine (had a good cab, but I can't remember which one it was), but the drink menu looked like it had some interesting concoctions. They also have brunch on weekends and for $10 you can order unlimited mimosas and bloody marys. The staff all seemed very friendly. We waited a while for our appetizer, but once that came, everything else had good timing. I liked the decor - huge chalkboard at the bar, brick wall, cool light fixtures. The patio also looks really nice, but they don't have heat lamps. I'll be back to try more!
4	Enjoyed my lunch here immensely! This is the former Eddie Chan's location in the Fry's Shopping center. So I will say that since this is so close to home....makes me even happier!Upon first glance at the menu....its one of those restaurants that list so many of my favorite flavors of salads to pizza and many other yummy entrees....that I have a hard time deciding.....don't you LOVE that?!The decor is very pleasing - rustic modern and everyone was very friendly.
3	Opened late last year, Local Bistro seems to be hitting the sweet spot in North Scottsdale with well priced food, drinks and a snazzy yet comfortable atmosphere. Heading the kitchen up is chef Andrea Volpi, who brings a fresh approach by sourcing many of their ingredients from local purveyors. Showcasing his talents was apparent from the first taste of his heavenly Prosciutto Pizza ($12). The house made mozzarella was delightfully meaty with just the right amounts of peppery arugula and salty prosciutto. Even fry basket basics like Calamari ($9) were light, crisp and tender without an ounce of excess oil.The menu is pretty straight forward with plenty of mass appeal including pizza, pasta, steaks and fish. I usually have a rule about eating fish in a land locked state, how fresh can it be right? Defying my own rule I went ahead and ordered LB's Ahi Tuna Tartar ($10), good thing too because it was as fresh as it could be. Mixed with avocado and atop a bed of citrus creme, the texture was akin to butter with notes of lemon which only added to the lightness of this starter. I preferred slathering the mixture onto the pillowy moist crumb of LB's house bread in lieu of the accompanied crostini.I'm thinking Drunk Bread ($12) is more about texture than taste. They take thick cut bread, soak it in white wine, mount it with Gruyere cheese and then it goes for a quick sun tan in the broiler. The result wasn't exactly bursting with flavor but the luscious character was pleasant though not entirely satisfying.These days every place has some sort of hamburger on the menu. With more burgers come a higher standard and the question, which has the best? Let me tell you that LB's Angus Burger ($12) ranks pretty high. All the standards are intact with some delicious variations including grill tomato, asiago cheese and zinfandel braised onions. Smokey, sweet, tender and juicy this burger was so happening that in future visits I would be hard pressed to order anything else. Chicken Parmesano ($16) wasn't exactly what one might expect. A large organic chicken breast was pounded out, breaded, fried and served only with a layer of parmigiano cheese on top, sans red sauce. This combination was well balanced with a lightly dressed salad of cherry tomatoes and arugula, sauce on the side.As I sit here writing about how well their food prepared I'm still haunted by the mediocre service we received. It got so bad at one point that we actually got up out of our table to find basics like salt and pepper. After that our server was more attentive but I still had a stick in my craw. I ordered a Basil Gimlet ($9) which arrived in a standard martini glass that was only half full, or was it half empty? Metaphor's aside, I called our server on it in which I got a shrug, "that's how we serve it". It's not a deal breaker but come on, stingy and bitchy, really? While there wasn't much in the glass, it was a tasty drink leaving me wanting another. Aside from the service problem, the food was spot on. Now this makes the glass half full, right?
4	I took my other half out for a quiet, romantic date tonight. At the suggestion of fellow Yelpers, I decided to surprise him with the Local Bistro, which neither of us had eaten at before. We both loved it! The decor inside is very simple and elegant, with a wide, open dining room encased with wine stacks. We ended up eating on the patio, which considering the beautiful weather was wonderful. I didn't notice any heater or misters on the patio, though, so hopefully they get something in place in time for the summer. We had the drunken bread and it was delicious. It only lasted on our table for maybe two of us before it was devoured entirely. You can definitely taste the wine, which I enjoy, I know some people don't...I ordered the truffle mac n' cheese, which, if I'm honest, puts this same dish at the Yard House to shame! The sauce is so creamy, yet with a strong presence of the truffle oil. I ordered mine with chicken and would recommend also perhaps adding pancetta, since the dish is pretty light without any protein. In any case, it was so good that my man kept eating off my plate and I was scraping the bowl clean.He ordered the chicken parmigiana, which he liked a lot, especially the homemade marinara. It also came with a small arugula salad, which was not our favorite. At the end of our meal, our server, Paul recommended that we use open table to get reservations in order to avoid getting seated on the patio.  We actually HAD made reservations for this dinner, but our table was given away. When I told him this, he became upset and went inside, only to emerge a few minutes later with a free desert.  It was a custard served with wafers, nutella and raspberry wine sauce. I will order that before every meal from now on. It was fabulous and we really appreciated the gesture. This place also has a great brunch menu so we hope to be back soon!
4	Wow!  We've been at the Local Bistro a few times now and have been very impressed.  The owner is very personable and often chats with his patrons.  They tend to be very busy, but we've been offered complimentary wine during our wait on more than one occasion.  My favorites are the drunken bread and the filet mignon.  It's great to be able to have a great meal and wine without trekking further south into Scottsdale.
4	Really nice space, friendly service, reasonable prices on food and wine and very good food.  It was also in close proximity to where I was staying.While in town recently, I had the pleasure of eating here twice.  Both times, I had their arugula salad with roasted pear, goat cheese and Marcona almonds with a lemon oil dressing.  I also had their mussels and fried calamari.  Both of the sea creatures appetizers were very tasty and fresh.
4	I guess I'm a little biased as my little sister used to work here and my family has said such good things about this place.  Finally got to try it yesterday for dinner before heading back to Vegas.  Very good food, great service.  I can see why everyone's so into it.  Wish I was around to have their all you can drink bloody mary & mimosas on Sundays ($12 I think).  Sweet!
4	Monkey bread French toast...delightfully delicious and highly recommended. Side of fruit could be improved and a little bit more colorful especially when charged $ 4.00 for it. Service was slow and just plain aloof today although we were not in a rush. However they were real busy and we just were very understanding!
3	I like the concept here.  Local fresh ingredients in a hip contemporary space. .I had the pasta bolognese which was pretty good.  Large serving and plenty of meat sauce.  My friend had the monkey bread for brunch and liked it.The bottomless mimosas on the weekends are a nice touch.  Service was a little slow but I would come back here again.
1	My wife and I, whom live in Grayhawk, visited the Local Bistro last night.  We ordered the Caprese Salad, Beef Carpaccio, Steak Frites, and a Chicken Parmesan Cobb Salad.  Once we placed our order we were notified that the Caprese Salad was sold out.**If you like thick, chewy roast beef, get the Beef Carpaccio.  I can't say enough bad things about it.**If you want even chewier meat that is impossible to swallow, get the Steak Frites.**If you want an unpalatable Chicken Parmesan Cobb Salad, this is definitely the place to go.To further my anguish, Local Bistro does not have toothpicks, so you can't even get the chewy meat out of your teeth.There were a few good points to the restaurant, the wait staff seemed friendly and the inside of the restaurant is clean and neat.Unfortunately for Local Bistro, my $51.00 check was way over priced.  I don't mind paying a pretty penny for good food, but being that I chose not to eat my entire meal, I left hungry.  I feel that Local Bistro will have the same future as Eddie Chan's (who had way better food) which was the last restaurant that occupied that space.If you feel like spending $50 on a meal for two people without drinks, there are many better options within a mile radius.
4	I feel that Local Bistro offers an amazing selection of food at an affordable price. Take the pork chop, for example. Both times I've ordered it, It was moist and delicious and complimented with fingerling potatoes and fresh spinach. I recommend the entrees to everyone and for the rest--well, you can get pasta and pizza everywhere.
3	When I heard that Andrea Volpi was opening Local Bistro, I had high hopes for the restaurant and was even more excited that it is located so close to our home.  Chef Volpi took over the kitchen at Taggia at the FireSky Resort following Claudio Uriuoli's departure just months after we were married there.  We'd always found the food at Taggia to be excellent and expected Local Bistro to be on par with what we knew of Chef Volpi's prior cooking.  While we did have a reasonably good dinner at Local Bistro on one occasion, our subsequent visits have not proven as favorable.The first time we dined at Local Bistro, I ordered the risotto primavera and my husband had the tagliatelle with wild mushrooms.  Both dishes were delicious and the fresh pasta in my husband's entree was excellent.  We were pleased with the meal and looked forward to coming back.  Several months later, we were with a group of people for Sunday brunch and our opinion made a 180 degree shift after the food and drinks that we were served.  They offered bottomless bloody marys and mimosas for $10 (now $12) and started out with a couple of bloody marys, which we requested to be made extra spicy.  The first round was decent, not the best I've ever had, but worthy enough to warrant ordering another. The second one, however, tasted entirely different and had no spice whatsoever.  At that point, I switched to a mimosa which was a nothing more than a champagne glass full of orange juice with next to no champagne, and thus, no effervescence.  As for the food, I ordered the calzone which was filled with scrambled eggs, chorizo, and fontina with a side of marinara sauce and my husband ordered the egg panini, which was described as scrambled eggs, fontina, and herb butter on homemade focaccia.  When our food arrived, my calzone was lackluster at best, having some less than exciting scrambled eggs and sausage encased in a thick and dry calzone crust.  The side of marinara was the only thing that made any of it edible.  My husband's "panini" turned out to be some scrambled eggs (not even well seasoned scrambled eggs) sandwiched between two incredibly thick slices of focaccia bread.  There was no sign of the sandwich having actually been pressed into a panini style and the overwhelming flavor and texture was nothing more than that of the gargantuan bread overload.  I knew that he was hungry when we got there and could tell that he was so dissatisfied with his meal that I offered to switch plates with him halfway through.  I only made it through a few bites of the bread before I gave up and singed that sandwich off as being unworthy of the effort that it would take my jaws to chew it.We stopped in again for an appetizer at the bar and ordered the "trio house dip" which was described on the menu as piquillo romanesco, garden pesto, tapenade, and grilled flat bread.  None of the three dips had any positive qualities to them whatsoever.  In fact, I would rather have simply walked across the parking lot to the Fry's grocery store, purchased some store-bought hummus and eaten that instead.  The tapenade contained such an excessive amount of salt that no other flavors were discernible and the piquillo romanesco was nothing more than a flavorless red goo covered in olive oil.  The pesto was the best (and I use that term loosely here) of the three and was still so heavily seeped in oil that most of it slid off the flatbread.  The flatbread itself had a strange, carbon-like flavor, on the order of what I could only imagine a flatbread would taste like if I used it to clean the charred remnants from the grating of my gas grill prior to firing it up for the next meal.The wine list is nothing remarkable and for a place that bills itself as an Italian bistro, it is strangely populated by California wines with few if any Italian selections available.  Also worth noting is that during one visit, while seated at the bar, we noticed one of the young, male bartenders having a bit of difficulty in mixing their specialty martinis. I'm guessing that he was fairly inexperienced because he never managed to make a drink that was more than 2/3 full.  One drink was no more than half full and he bent down and observed the level, then set it on the bar for the server to take to a table.  The drink was returned moments later due to its low level and he remedied the problem by adding more soda to the glass.  While it was a comical situation to watch, given the fact that drinks are on the order of $10, I can't imagine that someone would be satisfied with a weak, soda water martini when they've ordered something that is supposed to be a "specialty drink".  Overall, I think we may venture in for a glass of wine or perhaps a pasta dish, but I think we'll stick to safe selections and not wander too far off the beaten culinary path at Local Bistro as our past experiences seem to indicate the likelihood of wandering into the jungle and falling into a culinary lion's pit there.
3	I stopped in with a client to have lunch at the Local Bistro.  The service was fast, the service was friendly and timely, and the food was excellent.  The portions were very large.  I ate my burger but my clients had to box theirs up. (Not a criticism, just an observation.)  The food was presented on a bread board which we thought was very creative. Plates are sooooo last year.  The only negative was that the prices were pretty high.  I liked the restaurant.  I would come back again but next time I'll remember to take out a personal loan before I go.
5	Impeccable service, delectable food, sophisticated ambiance -- I love this place.The ambiance was cool and didn't feel too trendy.  The giant chalk board behind the bar offers up a bit of personality (and informative, too!)Alex was our server and did a great job.  He was able to give perfect reccomendations on all the wines & dishes we asked about.  We received just enough attention and never felt pestered (don't you hate those waiters who cut in during your conversations?)The food was fantastic.  Our table started wiith the oven trio (um... can we get this in massive quantities? Delievered?  On a weekly basis?  Forever?!)  Next up, the seafood salad, chicken parmigiano and the grilled wild salmon with asparagus -- All absolutely lovely... And they aren't kidding, the "big plates" are BIG.I wish  could remember what two wines my two friends had, but I was too enamored with my french martini (rasberry liquer & pinapple juice - c'est parfait!)And finally... Oh man... Wow... The chocolate chip cookie, vanilla gelato ice cream sandwich... Served with a warm bowl of caramel, a warm bowl of chocolate and fresh cut strawberries sprinkled with powdered sugar.  I died.  HEAVENLY.  Probably the only short moments we were silent the whole evening!All in all, everything was splendid... We can't wait for Sunday morning!!!
4	Nice new restaurant addition to North Scottsdale!  I thoroughly enjoyed my spinach salad with walnuts, strawberries and goat cheese. It was entirely too big, but very good all the same.  The atmosphere was very nice and the service was good.
4	I had brunch hear to start with a couple of months ago and boy was I impressed. I had the Crouque Madame , the bread was crunchy and stuffed with lots of ham and bubbling  gruyere cheese served in a piping hot cast iron skillet. It was a bit heavy, but its a must try. I do suggest sharing. My husband had the burger, he said it was in his top 5....pretty darn close to a Fleming's  burger. The burger was served on a toasted brioche bun and was perfectly seasoned. The burger came with fresh cut bistro frites or fries. Ketchup isn't nesassary. The all you can drink mimosas and food was so yummy we can't wait to take more people.
4	Although the wait was a little longer than desired the food and service was worth the wait.  The atmosphere was open and inviting and hopefully next time they'll have something on the patio available.  We'll definitely be back.
4	My husband and I went for happy hour recently. The happy hour is a fantastic deal, but it ends at 6:00pm. We ordered mussels, calamari, burrata cheese, and some drinks.  The portion sizes were very generous. For $6 we got about 2 dozen mussels.  The mussels were awesome, the cheese fabulous, I've had better calamari though. We sat at the bar and were there early, but by the time we were leaving the place was packed, with people waiting for tables. Local Bistro offers great ambiance, attentive service, great fresh food and fabulous happy hour value. My only complaint is that when we got our bill, they charged us the full price for 2 of our happy hour items, which we had to have them correct.  Overall, we had a really enjoyable experience - just check your bill carefully!
5	Oh dear I just had the most amazing pumpkin filled, hand made pockets of love - called ravioli. How did something like this happen?  I'll tell you - Lots of love from the chef at this lovely establishment. My friend invited me out when he discovered they had fresh pumpkin related anything. So I raced over to see a beautiful bowl of hand made pasta pockets filled with the creamiest most amazing pumpkin yumminess that I have ever eaten. It had fresh fried sage leaves and an amazing sage and nutmeg butter. Parmesan cheese on top. Heaven in a bowl. Wow!!! My cocktail was freshly muddled cucumbers and lemon with my favorite Hendricks gin.  Life cannot get much better than this moment. The bartenders were extremely attentive and I was extremely pleased with the energy that flowed around the whole restaurant. I will definitely dine again!!
4	This place is popular and for good reason. The pizza is above average, but if you are going there I would partake in some skilfully crafted italian dishes. The macaroni and cheese is unique as it comes. The rolled flat noodle with bolognese sauce was worth the price of admission. If you are going there, go hungry, get your carb, sauce, melted cheese, a glass of wine, and get happy.
1	Don't waste your time with reservations, they don't work.   Go to O`Donohues, much friendlier atmosphere.
5	We recently held an event at Local Bistro and having lived in Arizona since 1988 I have come across very few spots where the owner and the employees were as gracious and as generous as the folks here.  The food and wine were wonderful and the service was excellent! They have an extensive well thought out wine selection in a cool laid back style.  Go for the food but know the people here are amazing!
3	Tried take out from Local Bistro for the first time last night.We ordered the marinated olives and burrata and prosciutto appetizers and the risotto carbonara.When we arrived to pick up the order, we were informed they were out of burrata and they recommended the trio house dip.  When we asked why they didn't call to let us know about the change they advised they didn't have our number.  I'll admit, when I called they did not ask for our number - I usually assume that everyone has caller id.  So now we wait and wait and wait and wait, finally the three dips arrive (these are cold/room temprature dips by the way).When we got home we realized that they had left the risotto in the take out bag the entire time and it had fused into a cold mass.  The bread on the side was stale.However.....The risotto, once revived with some heat, was absolutely delicious.  The dips were also delicious (served with crispy pita wedges) as were the olives.I'm sure this place is 5 star based on the food and I'm anxious to go back and give them another try.
5	Excellent meal...excellent service..excellent ambianceNicet Wine list
3	I want to like this place, really I do. But it has some hurdles to overcome to get that bump up to the 4th star. Went on a busy Saturday evening, had a reservation and had to wait about 20 min for our table. I give them thumbs up for handling the delay well as they offered my party wine to pass the time. I'm really mixed on the environment. Love the casual atmosphere with large industrial grade wine shelves surrounding the room and the updated blackboard specials. Did not really love high noise levels precluding normal conversation or the fact that practically everyone in the place looks like they have had plastic surgery. I might consider renaming the place the Botox Bistro. Wine list has plenty of options and most are affordable. Also, most are not marked up the typical 100% of other restaurants so they do get a thumbs up for making good wine accessible to the consumer. The menu is great in concept with lots of good choices for mains. The reality is that they had run out of the blackboard special by 7 pm and many of the items were heavy-handed on the salt. Tasty but with some basic flaws. I have to drop it down a star for the service. Our server was aloof, walked by our table numerous times without making eye contact to the point where finally we had to raise our hands and yell at him to get him to stop and take our order. There was no water refill and nonexistent wine service after the initial bringing of the bottle to the table. Yep, they were busy and it was crowded but this is the restaurant business and it was a Saturday night. Had they planned accordingly, they would have the 4 th star. Maybe next time.
5	From the moment we walked into Local Bistro, we knew we were going to have a great night. There is an energy in the restaurant that makes one feel at home. The menu is varied and each item we tried was wonderful. A great deal of thought has gone into to the Italian inspired dishes. The wine list is extensive and reasonably priced. One must splurge for the Drunken Bread appetizer. It is worth the calories!! It consists of a very thick slice of Italian bread that has been covered in a wine and gruyere sauce and baked. Amazing!  Other winners were the seafood linguini and veal chop. The pizzas also looked delicious.  Desserts were wonderful, too. Two home made ice cream sandwiches with sides of fudge and caramel dipping sauce was a home run.A very friendly establishment that we will go back to on a regular basis.
5	Ok this local bistro is really local for me, about a block from my house.  I had been there once before for lunch a year ago and it was ok---never went back until today for lunch with my same friend.  We both ordered the chicken club pannini with fries..it was 10 bucks!!  I knew I was going to bring home half for my husband for dinner so ordered it.  The sandwich was huge---a very big piece of grilled chicken, bacon delish, french fries awesome,....only ate 6 or so....maybe a few more, the portions were huge.  Anyway really appreciated the value because last week went to Delux and the sandwiches are around 10 but the fries are extra.  Staff was very friendly and courteous---will be trying dinner soon and of course as soon as it is lighter later will be going to happy hour when it is safe to walk home!
2	I am giving 2 stars not necessarily for the food, because the mussels were amazing and I highly recommend the Spanish risotto as well.  the reason I am writing is because my dining guest got FOOD POISONING from the Black Linguine Pasta with seafood.. (I assume it was squid ink pasta?) Either way, this wasn't just 24 hours of hell, but it has continued for 2 days now.... cannot keep anything down, doctor required!  I wrote Local Bistro to tell them about the possible dangers with Friday (1-20) dinner, but I never even heard a response back with shows lack of care and overall no concern for their guests...We cannot even go there anymore because of this incident.... sadly they didn't even say "I am sorry"
2	Downhill it is!Tried Local Bistro again tonight - drunk bread, risotto, arugula salad, prosciutto pizza.The drunk bread was delicious, however, $10 for a big slice of bread - it wasn't that delicious.  Risotto was good but not exceptional.  Arugula salad was a little wilted and the dressing was gross, too sweet and gross.  Prosciutto pizza was not good...the prosciutto had very tough fat running through it, flavor was too sweet (FYI, it is not heated as part of the pizza) and the pizza base itself was completely bland.  "Wood fired" may be true, I'm sure there is a wood that burns that gives off no flavor whatsoever - if it had said "toaster oven fired" it would have better set my expectations.Extra bread on the side - stale.One last thing I'll mention, everything was stone cold except for the salad, that was slightly warm.Local Bistro - I want you to be great.  I like your menu and you are close to my house.  Can't someone stage an intervention with the kitchen staff??
1	If the restaurant business includes some degree of customer service, then this place has NO business being open. Perhaps the worst service I've ever had and to top it off, I sent an item back, only because it was terrible, and they did not take it off the bill.Sorry Charlie but there are a million good restaurants to go to and this one has been crossed off our list forever.
4	I come here for happy hour few times a month-- not bad drink menu and appetizers. Have interesting pizzas to choose. Wine per glass may be a little more expensive (though there is a wine bar in the same complex in Frys that has some great wines as well). I like to sit at the bar. The bartenders are very knowledgable on drinks and mixology :) love the drunk  monkey bread!
5	Fabulous food! Every time we go there the food has been nothing short of perfection. My favorite is the chicken. Not sure how they get the skin crispy like that but it's magic in my mouth. They also bring a little tray of limes, oranges and lemons to add to your glass of water. NICE TOUCH!The owner is also very knowledgeable about the wines.
5	I'm not sure what that happy hour just cost me but I do not care...Great wine selection, great bouillabaisse appetizer, and I am a hero to my lady and my clients. "When are we coming back?" was the dialogue on our way out the door...
1	Food is decent but management attitude is atrocious. They feel they are doing you a favor by allowing you to eat here. Close friends who live nearby and visited at least weekly were told they had to leave in 45 minutes because they were seated at a 4 top after asking to be moved from a cold and drafty 2 top. Hostess and Manager told them they'd have to leave because they "rejected" first table. Appalling lack of customer service. They won't be around long with this type of attitude. Unfortunate because food is decent. One other negative : extremely noisy atmosphere.
1	ood is decent but management attitude is atrocious. They feel they are doing you a favor by allowing you to eat here. Close friends who live nearby and visited at least weekly were told they had to leave in 45 minutes because they were seated at a 4 top after asking to be moved from a cold and drafty 2 top. Hostess and Manager told them they'd have to leave because they "rejected" first table. Appalling lack of customer service. They won't be around long with this type of attitude. Unfortunate because food is decent. One other negative : extremely noisy atmosphere.
2	Hurry and change the name, LOCO BISTRO .... you must be crazy to wait for this food, the flavor of the seafood linguini was lost in the kitchen, also had the tuna tartare, drunk bread and calimari all of which are okay. maybe they should just serve  appetizers
5	LOVE this restaurant! Great service and the food is phenomenal!! We went as a group for dinner back in March and we were treated very well by the staff and the owners (since we are concierge they wanted to make sure we trie a lot of the menu so we are able to send our guests there.) Everything from the appetizers to the main course to the desserts and wine/alcohol menu was amazing! I would definitely go back! Even though I am super picky, I would still go and eat here because the food was that good!!
5	Absolutely Fabulous! Amazing fresh food. Favorite local restaurant.Great wines and cocktails
4	Here's the positives:*Great wine selection, and reasonably priced.  They offer some unique wines, along with daily specials and don't have the 100%+ mark-up of most restaurants.  (Making dinner for two - appetizer/salad, and pasta, entree and a bottle of wine around $75.00 plus tip.)  So an affordable, nice "date night".*very good food - particularly their specialties - i.e. Chicken parm is one of the BEST.  We also like the beef Carpaccio with Arugula; I saw some negative comments about it below, but my husband is a CIA trained Chef and rates this one pretty high.  Pasta dishes have always been very good.So why 4 Stars and not 5?  Service.  While bar service is only good when management is present.  If not - you have to ask/remind the server for everything - from bread, to utensils, etc.  They never give you clean utensils for the next course, etc.  If you are going to serve the full menu at the bar, make sure your servers are trained.
5	The ambiance was fantastic and service incredible. We went for Sunday brunch, which is hard to find in Arizona without going to one of the resorts and paying $25 pp.  We both had eggs benedict (fiorentina and california, $12), which was perfect - the sauce has a peppery bite and it comes with fresh fruit and herbed potatoes.  My husband tried the house-made sausage and loved it.  We didn't take advantage of the bottomless mimosas and bloody mary's ($12), but next time we will for sure!The owner personally came to our table to say thank you for dining with them and have us free panna cotta (the best I've had in the states, normally $7).  We will definitely try it again.
5	Really great place. The food is excellent, hip bar scene, great daily specials. I had the risotto last visit which was excellent. Can't wait to go back!
5	I live in Los Angeles, and everytime I go to Scottsdale, I have to make a couple of stops to Local Bistro!  The food is amazing!  The ambience is hip, sexy and fun, and you can't beat the price for the calibre of food that you get.  I have had many of their appetizers and entrees.  The drunk bread and beef carpaccio as appetizers are phenomenal! Their parpadella bolognese is to die for, their salmon is delicious, and the grilled shrimp is fantastic!  Like my husband says, "it's damn good food!"  The service is wonderful, their wine list and drinks are superb and we always feel welcome!  I just wish they would open a Local Bistro here in LA!!!!!
4	Local Bistro definitely has a "cool" vibe, but luckily zero "too cool for you" attitude. With an accessible menu of French, Italian, and Spanish dishes, there is something for just about any palate or diet. *Sexy, inviting, open dining area*Reasonable prices*Fantastic wine, beer, and cocktail options*Menu has a few surprises (a gorgeous bouillabaisse, pork chop in a pineapple port reduction) *High-quality ingredients*Accommodating, friendly serviceIf I had to concoct a few criticisms (oh, such a stretch for me!), among them would be the noise level when the dining area is full, and perhaps a lack of innovation in the menu, especially in the Big Plates. That being said, if your standout is simple dishes, you'd better prepare them expertly. And Local Bistro, largely, does.
4	The restaurant features a menu with items from France, Spain and Italy, so there's a little something for everyone. The decor was cute, with brick walls, stacks of wood lining the entry way and a big wine display next to the bar (which features television.)It's not really romantic, especially given the fact the radio plays pop music-it's more of a high-energy spot great for groups, with some upscale touches such as linen napkins and professional-looking servers.One of my favorite parts of the meal was the cocktails. I first tried a Basil Gimlet ($10), which was so fragrant because of the fresh basil leaf in the drink. It was strong but so refreshing and contained Hendricks gin, basil, lime and agave. I loved it, and my companion got two of them, they were so goodI also tried a Cucumber "Collins" ($10) which, like the Basil Gimlet, had fresh produce, cucumber slices, in the drink. It also contained Square One Cucumber, lemon, sugar and mint and was very refreshing as well. Both drinks were light, but I felt the effects of the alcohol-perfect cocktails!For my meal, I started with a Farm Salad ($5), with mixed greens, tomato, shaved carrots, toasted walnuts, rustic croutons (soooo good!) and a dijon vinaigrette. It was pretty much the perfect salad. It was pretty and colorful, it had really fresh veggies, and the dressing was really tasty.My companion started with the Soup of the Moment ($5), which had garbanzo, pancetta, fresh herbs, roasted garlic, truffle oil and focaccia croutons. He said the soup was really salty, which overpowered anything else he may have enjoyed about it.For my meal, I got a Wild Mushroom pizza ($14), with wild mushrooms, fontina, truffle oil and arugula. The pizza was huge (I had to take half of it home), and it was generously topped. I really liked the soft, chewy dough, and the combination of ingredients really worked.My pal got Salmon en Pappillotte ($18), with seasonal veggies and mashed potatoes. He didn't specify how he wanted it cooked and later complained it was too well done. Personally, if I was to eat meat, I would get it cooked as well as possible, so the salmon might have been great if he had just specified his preference.Our dessert was pretty interesting. It was chilled cream that looked and tasted like flan. I hate flan, so the texture sort of creeped me out, but the taste was good, and I loved the homemade strawberry compote it was served with. I could have eaten just that for dessert and been happy. The dessert was a special for the night.I would definitely go back to try some of their other options.  They have a ton of pasta dishes, including a mac n' cheese meal that sounds so good. Plus, the prices are affordable, and the atmosphere is cozy.
5	While Peggy and I have gone to this place on several occasions, the dinner tonight with some friends that had never been there was absolutely stellar.  We were able to take advantage of the happy hour appetizer deal and the drunk bread, tuna tartare, olives, and carpaccio were complete winners and a wonderful beginning. I had the pork tenderloin special of the house with a corn risotto and spinach accompaniment. Peggy had a pasta with a short rib ragout. Or friends had another pasta (Bolognese sauce) and pork chop.   In spite of being absolutely in a food coma, we shared the best tiramisu, gelato  "ice cream sandwich" and espresso panna cotta.  Alex guided us through the journey with knowledge and just the right amount of attention.  The breakfasts here (Sundays at 9:00 AM) are equally satisfying. John, the manager, has always been very attentive and tonight was no exception.  For both regulars and first timers alike...I highly recommend this place.   Dr. B
4	I love this restaurant! I love their mussel appetizer that is available at happy hour for $5! The broth is absolutely amazing and it can be sopped up with the big piece of grilled bread that comes with it. While your waiting for your food, they bring this awesome bread that is served warm  in a paper bag with a very fresh and flavorful tomato sauce to spread on it. I ususally go with my parents and we can easily go through three bags of their bread!  However, we've learned that it is worth it to save room for the main courses. The squid ink linguine and the pasta with bolognese are definitely my favorite pasta dishes and I always have a hard time deciding between the two. They also have a pretty good selection of seafood which changes daily. This is one of my favorite local restaurants to go to.
5	This place is wonderful. I have been here multiple times and every single time I am amazed with how delicious their dishes are. They use amazing ingredients and you can really taste the difference. My brother is in love with their burger and orders it every time. Their drunk bread is very rich and reminds me of cheese fondue, definitely worth sharing with your party. Their seafood linguine is absolutely amazing and I was shocked with how much seafood it came with; I definitely got my money's worth. Similarly the seafood salad had copious amounts of fresh, delicious seafood. The wild mushroom and swiss sandwich was bursting with a variety of different mushrooms and cheese and came with a side salad. There were enough mushrooms and cheese inside it to make a whole other sandwich. You honestly can't go wrong with a single item on the menu. I have yet to come for their brunch but I will be sure to try it out in the near future.
5	One of our fav meals (and Sunday, the meal that is absolutely always observed eaten out) is one of Local's strong suits. As much as we have enjoyed their lunches and dinners, the eggs Benedict and  omelets are absolutely wonderful.  Today, our server (Ryan) took excellent care of us and John, as always, once again demonstrated why he is a tremendous asset to the day-to-day operation of this place. Sous chef Hudson checked to make sure that the eggs alla Benedict  were done properly and they were excellent. Even more impressive was the gesture of him checking on us. Peg is very particular about how eggs are prepared and these were absolutely yummy (read not overcooked). Coffee and o.j. were great.  Dr. B
5	Amazing!!   Went for dinner last night for a birthday celebration and it was wonderful.  It has a great mix and variety of food from France, Spain and Italy (YUM!) as well as a great selection of wines (YUM! YUM!).  Our server was fantastic!  He and the entire staff were extremely attentive, friendly and personable.  He brought us an amazing vanilla panna cotta with caramel that was absolutely delicious for our celebration.  They have a great happy hour that I have been to before and plan on going back to.  This one is a MUST try if you are in the area and worth the drive if you're not.  Buon Appetito!
1	We won't be back. Sat on outside patio & were then soaked by the musters. When we told the waiter we were getting drenched, we had NO response. 20 minutes later, as we were finishing up, the wait staff comes by to say someone complained  about the misters & they were turning them off. Really?
5	Had a great week night dinner at Local Bistro! It felt like a special occasion and our waiter and the manager made us feel like we were celebrities! Haha, anyway, I had a great Angus burger and my husband had the gorgeous bolognese. Beautiful, fresh food and something for everyone! We'll be back for brunch or to bring friends. Thanks for the great place-- one we WILL recommend!
5	My girlfriend and I love this place.  We love the atmosphere and the food is great.  The spicy seafood pasta is excellent and the simple pasta bolognese is my favorite.  They staff is very knowledgeable about the menu and friendly.
4	The service can be spotty and slow, but the food and wine are always on!  Local Bistro is a nice surprise on the corner of a Fry's shopping center.  I've tried almost all of the apps and recommend them all though I will say that the drunk bread is kind of sickening good.  It's delicious but one of those things that you just don't feel good about but can't stop eating...  Their salads are huge.  They've got an incredible wine list - anywhere I can find the Prisoner is a winner for me.  The only downside is that the service is spotty.   There's an obnoxious footnote on the menu about how great food might require more time so thanks for your patience.  Yeah, whatever.  Sometimes it seems that the kitchen is just in the weeds and the servers disappear for long period of time so beverage glasses are empty.  Two recent business lunches took 1.5 -1.75 hours.  Our party's entrees came out at different times which is always awkward, and our server was MIA for a good portion of that.
4	Their wine list is very reasonable and they even have a "sale" board which changes based off inventory.  They are a 90% from scratch kitchen and you could really taste that "just made" quality in the food.  We ordered a side of the saffron risotto as an appetizer and it was perfectly cooked - creamy and delicious.  I ordered the chicken parmesean with the chicken grilled as opposed to fried.  It arrived perfectly cooked, moist and delicious with a wonderful maranara sauce on the side and an arugula salad.  Yum!  My husband ordered the pork chop which again was wonderfully prepared with the exception of the sauce which was too sweet for me and had a slight burnt taste.  Great experience overall for food and service. We'll go back for sure
4	We saw Local Bistro in the neighborhood and thought it looked inviting so we booked a reservation for dinner. The bar and restaurant were full of people and the atmosphere was lively.  We shared a Greek salad which was a great portion for a starter; the flavors were fresh and worked well together. We ordered wild salmon and substituted the saffron risotto. The food definitely deserved 4 stars very tasty but not exceptional. The service was excellent from our waiter, Ryan. Several of the management staff came by to thank us for coming to the restaurant and also brought a complementary dessert which was very good as well. Our only complaint (although hardly worth mentioning) was the very small bit of bread to be shared between two people. All in all we would definitely come back and enjoyed our experience.
5	They don't have the cioppino on the summer menu, but the Chef will make it upon request. Excellent!
5	We are visiting Arizona on vacation and stopped in the Local Bistro. We enjoyed a fantastic dinner of black linguini & seafood, plus Tagliatelle and wild mushrooms with added grilled shrimp. The service, the atmosphere and the food were top-notch. We couldn't have asked for a better evening. John and Timothy both were awesome.
5	My boyfriend and I went here for date night this evening after a friend recommended it.  Initially they could not find our reservation but assured us that they could seat us and apologized several times.  It turns out that when I called, they put it in for the following night and again, the manager came over to apologize and later brought us a complimentary dessert, which was appreciated, but completely unnecessary as they did seat us is a timely manner.  We each had a drink, and were impressed with the extensive wine list and choice of beers for him.  The ambiance was great, and both inside and outside seating areas are very cute.We started with the Drunk Bread, which was probably the best appetizer that we have ever had.  What is not to love about a thick piece of bread, soaked in white wine, with hot bubbly Gruyere cheese and prosciutto on top.  We happily  ate the entire thing and scrapped the cheese from the bottom.  My boyfriend ordered a Cesar salad, which he thought was very good and was of good size.For entrees I ordered the special homemade pasta which was turkey and blue cheese ravioli with walnut cream sauce, which I very much enjoyed and will happily finish the left overs for lunch tomorrow as the portion size is fairly large!  My boyfriend ordered the Spanish Risotto which came with mussels, clams, calamari,  scallops, shrimp, and crab.  The amount of seafood was more than adequate and the risotto was fantastic!  To end the evening, they brought us complimentary dessert which was a wonderful surprise!  My boyfriend does not usually eat dessert, but tried it and ended up eating half of it because it was so tasty!The services was fantastic, and the wait staff was nice and helpful and very attentive without being disruptive.  The manager came over multiple times to make sure things were ok while we were there, and even walked us out of the restaurant and asked us more about ourselves and thanked us for coming in. Our waiter, Shawn, was great.  He was helpful, happy, funny and helped answer all of my questions. This is definitely a place that we will return to and share with friends!
5	Local Bistro is one of my favorite places. Whether I go with my family or just with my husband we always have a great time. The atmosphere is casually upscale, yet laid back enough that you can bring children (although ours are older and usually well behaved). Some of our favorite dishes are the clams, bolognese, chicken parmigiano, and the Spanish risotto. Sadly, I dream about some of these dishes, they are that good. Brian is our waiter of choice. He's absolutely great. And lastly the wine list is very good and the prices are extremely reasonable. We love Local Bistro!
2	Visited Friday night- ignored by man at door, stood around for 10 minutes while empty tables abounded. Seated close to bar- acoustics seemed off- noise bouncing off walls and huge mechicancal noisesServer was pleasent but a little slow, missed one of our drink orders. Had three entrees, three drinks ( would have had a second round but server went missing) had a cold cup of coffeeso so but pricey for experience, Food was ok- Daventi much better for italien, $92 before tipI won't race back
4	Pleasantly surprised at the menu selection and quality of food.  Wine selections were great by the bottle but I would love to see some higher quality wines by the glass.  Mac & Cheese was really good!  Poor child with us had everyone eating off her plate.
5	The chef here makes great dishes. Everything here is ultra-mega-awesome.The food has so much flavor and inspiration I want to go back but I live sooo faaar awaaay.
4	Solid meal, great service, reasonable price, cool spot.  Very safe bet for a date or quiet dinner out.
5	What a joy it was to dine here. The mix of casual-trendy atmosphere, perfect lighting, cordial service and spectacular menu makes this restaurant one of my favorites in Scottsdale. To do this place justice, I have to break down my meal:Appetizer: Two words: "drunken bread". My work colleagues were raving about it even before we sat at our table. And they were right. A piece of bread soaked in wine and topped with melted gruyere cheese. Order many, you'll be fighting over them.Main: Decided to go classic and order the chicken parmigiana with a side of roasted vegetables. I was shocked by the amount of food I got. Literally the largest (see photo), juiciest and most fulfilling piece of poultry I have had in recent memory. Definitely in Yelp memory.Dessert: Chocolate lava cake met our expectations. But the tiramisu far exceeded them. It was as creamy and as layer-y as your heart desires.Distinguishing factor: the drunken bread for sure. And the portions.
4	Nice place, ate here tonight for the first time. Typical noise for today 's restaurants but food was excellent and priced well. Excellent service as well.
5	Always great food, great menu, great brunch, great happy hour and the owner makes you feel like you're at home.  No better spot in the area.
5	Holy delicious, it doesn't get any better than this. The BF and I eat here for lunch routinely on the weekends and it's always amazing. Order the prosciutto sandwich; it comes with a soft Italian cheese we couldn't pronounce that melts in your mouth and a delicious fig jam. I could eat here daily.
4	Spectacular service, great atmosphere, and a wonderful menu.  Servers, by and large, are well trained and near sommelier-like with their wine pairing abilities.  If you order an appetizer with your cocktail or meal the Drunk Bread, with or without prosciutto, is a hidden gem: simple ingredients combined together perfectly, each enhancing the other.  Thus far all entrees that have been tried are delicious, from the pork loin (a pineapple port glaze that has to be tasted to be believed) to the Spanish risotto (a truly staggering variety of seafood is involved).  Top that off with a complimentary homemade panacotta for first time guests and one of the delectable cocktails put together by the house mixologist and you have the perfect recipe for an evening with friends or a romantic assignation.
4	Like everyone else we went for the drunk bread! It was definitely worth it...nothing beats cheese, bread, and wine, let alone all combined in to one. Delicious.We also had the mushroom pizza which I'll admit sounded better than it was. It was still good and even better when dipped in their rosemary ranch dressing, but I can't say it was anything special. For a Thursday night the place was packed, which is always a good sign and I get why. It's a warm and inviting atmosphere with good food. I would definitely go back, especially to try the bottomless mimosas on the weekends!
4	Excellent service, excellent food, excellent decor.  Just wish they had Wifi for their customers.
5	Friendly service, fresh, high quality food. The chicken club sandwich was really good! Will return!
4	Had a wonderful bottle of wine and delicious apps on the outside patio on Friday evening.  The service was great and friendly.  Was fun to sit with my friends and get to know other patrons who were sitting in the outdoor 'living room' space
5	Ready, Cool modern casual room. Great drinks( some basil gimlet thing). Food, all homemade pastas. Wife had squid ink seafood pasta and I had chicken parm the size of my head. Both I think $19 and great. Service was perfect. They were happy to see us. It felt good to be there. It was our first time. Great sat night meal out, under $100.
4	This review is for brunch only...Love, love, loved Sunday brunch at Local Bistro.  With the In-Laws visiting, the Hubs and I thought this would be a perfect time to try the close to home spot.  After checking out the menu, we made a reservation (which I'm glad we did because it was packed), and popped in for a fantastic meal.The service was a tad on the slow side to get our first cup of Joe, but after some initial confusion we placed our orders and enjoyed the pleasant atmosphere and overall cool brunchy vibe.  The coffee was great and next time I hope to partake in the bottomless mimosa... seems like a good deal.  I ordered the croque madame and the Hubs got an omelet.  The croque was HUGE and a cheese party for sure.  It came on a skillet, which was somewhat hard to eat on, but I managed.  To me, this dish was a bit too rich with all the cheese and sauce.  I could barely manage to eat a quarter of it.  The Hubs enjoyed his omelet and some of my meal.  Everyone else at the table seemed to enjoy their meal and left more than satisfied.I really look forward to stopping in for dinner sometime soon.  My Mother-In-Law even bought us a giftcard while we were there!  Brunch was priced reasonably, but I know dinner is a tad on the expensive side.  Waiting for a local dines deal, but we are really looking forward to trying the dinner menu soon!
5	This place is pretty fabulous. Awesome food, great decor/atmosphere and excellent service - they even bring you a tray of citrus to add to your water... LOVE! Plus, you can't go wrong with bottomless bloody mary's & mimosas on Saturday & Sunday. Yes, please! I've only had brunch & lunch there but want to check out Happy Hour soon!
5	I am in love with this place! GREAT menu, atmosphere and service. Always a buzz whenever I go in. Hands down one of my favorites for life.
5	Love, love, love this place! I have been here a handful of times now and everything I have ordered has been amazing. The drunk bread with prosciutto is always are go- to appetizer, so good! The service is always outstanding, wine prices are very reasonable, and the food is always very fresh. My favorite dish is the seafood linguine, absolutely delicious. I have also tried the chicken parmigiano, Spanish risotto, lobster bisque, tagliatelle and mushrooms (really good) and the bolognese- literally every dish has met or exceeded our expectations. The desserts are also very good, the creme brulee and tiramisu have literally been some of the best I have had. If you haven't been here before it is definitely a "must try!"
4	My wife and I were visting from NoVA and found this great place after having arrived very late into PHX airport.  Very very good wine list (by the glass as well!). I had the risotto with smoked duck breast - one of the best risotto's I have ever had! My wife tried the homemade carbonara spaghetti - outstanding as she is a pasta connoisseur!This place is worth a special trip or going out of your way.
3	Went to Local Bistro for lunch this week.  Salad nicoise was ok, portion was relatively small.  There was plenty of nicely cooked ahi tuna and eggs, but I did expect more greens in the salad.  Also thought there'd be green beans (but glad there were no potatoes).
5	This place was great! Friendly staff, good food, nice atmosphere & well put together menu. Came for brunch but will definitely be back for lunch or dinner!
5	Thank you Yelp for helping me to find this place. As good as the reviews were, it exceed my expectations. The service, food, atmosphere, and ambience were outstanding. Normally locals when the find a special place to dine, they keep the information to themselves, for fear of the tourists taking it over, but the rule should not apply here. Sam the floor manager was special, as was a new waitress name Erin.We ate like we had not eaten for a week, but came home with another meal for tomorrow. It was a Wednesday night, but at 7:00 there were people waiting in line.Naturally a newbie has to try the Drunk bread, but check out the menu on their website. Their calling card says  "Pizza, Pasta, Steak, Wine" which is a big understatement for this elegant restaurant in North Scottsdale.
4	Had a great dinner with friends.  Black linguine entree made fresh at the restaurant.Yum. Very unique.  Great service and food.  Like many Scottsdale restaurants, outdoor patio a little small and parking lot facing.  Busy Friday night, so we were seated about 20 minutes past our reservation time, but otherwise a wonderful dining experience.
2	I dined in on Tuesday, and I had the spanish risotto. It was excellent! This was my first time, and when the complimentary dessert came to my boyfriend and me, I tried striking up a conversation with the female manager. Although the restaurant did not seem too busy, she made us feel like an inconvenience. We felt uncomfortable around her because of how she talked to us in such a degrading manner. AND SHE IS SUPPOSED TO BE A MANAGER? HOW CAN A PERSON BE A MANAGER AND NOT LET YOUR GUESTS FEEL WELCOME?! Bottom line, we did not feel appreciated as guests. What a shame when the food was so great... certainly we will not be returning, as well as letting others know about such POOR MANAGEMENT
5	Three charming young hostesses whose combined cleavage was tantamount to the nose cone on space shuttle Atlantis, lent to the sneaking suspicion this place was going to be good. It was. Still reeling from titty overload after being seated, I was unable to process the menu, let alone speak to my date. Whenever this happens, I typically go hard with steak and beer...my primal resort. Good call. The steak was a NY strip smothered in a delicate peppercorn au jus gravy. It was twenty nine bucks and worth every cent. I had two IPA's and some frites to round it out.My date, the person I can't recall being with throughout dinner, had a pasta dinner of some sort...who cares. I have a feeling her experience here was substantially different than mine.I woke up this morning visualizing the platter of steak and gravy and NOT the titties. I must be getting old.Between the tits and the steak, I've got seven reasons to go back. Eight, if my wife stays put at home.
4	What a great find!  Our regular Italian lunch spot was not available and Open Table suggested this place.  Fantastic food, great wine list (with great orices) , and some of the best service wirhout having to train someone!!  We are anxious to try it for dinner.
3	Do you like a restaurant that is so loud you fear for your health? Do you like missing 1/2 of the conversation and sitting around like a dummy pretending you know what everyones talking about- maybe you know sign language? The food was pretty good but the service was super slow, we asked for bread and waited forever, we couldn't even get drunk- drinks too slow. the bill was $95.00 for a very simple dinner per couple, one drinnk each and one coffee each- no dessert.So overall- I will only go back back if I get patio seating. The patio is not glamous at all, it is overlooking the parking lot so you get nice bright headlights in your face every 5 minutes. Its too hot to sit outside for the next three months. Overall I say pass. Or, better yet, redocorate to have noise reduction. It is crazy crazy loud- I cannot stress enough how freakin loud it was.
2	1st pizza was a salt mine.  The 2ed had no cheese or sauce and needed a steak knife to cut.  Chicken parm was so-so.  Five stars for the staff who tried to make up for the kitchens's shortcomings.  Maybe 2.5 at best.  Also small pours of wine.
4	I wanted to try something new so I went on local dines and found a deal for Local Bistro. The good news is that I would have been happy here even without the deal but it is always nice to have one to try a new place! Amazing selection of wines. The drunken bread was my favorite part. It was very tasty and I will go back just to have it again! The pizza was good, a little on the salty side for my taste but decent. The manhattan clam chowda was really good as well. I really liked the environment and the patio looked really nice for this fall. Great service as well.
5	Just ate here for our anniversary for the first time.. It was really good. Service was great and we were greeted right when we walked in. We ordered the pork tenderloin which was really good and the steak frites was good as well. I would go for the pork tenderloin next time over the steak. Oh we also started off with drunk bread.. It was really good.. It does have wine in it and I can definitely taste it.A guy also came to our table to ask us how are meal was and make sure we were happy and gave us the names of the managers just in case we had any feedback. We also got a dessert no charge because we were first time customers.. I have no idea what he said it was but it was delicious! I would totally recommend this place!
4	I am giving a 4 star to the food. If it was based on service, it would be anything from a 1 star to a 3 star depending on which time I went.I am obsessed with their chicken club sandwich, it is so good! I only wish it was on their dinner menu so I could get it more often. I have been here quite a few times for lunch and only once for dinner. Good selection on both. I want to go back to try some more of their pasta options for dinner, there were so many that sounded good I wanted to get a whole buffet!They have brunch on the weekend, I am not crazy about their breakfast foods - they sound great, but I haven't been overly impressed. But it is a brunch menu so you can get some of their lunch items as well. Plus they have bottomless mimosas which are always a bonus!It's a pretty cool atmosphere, all the walls are lined with their wine selection and chalk boards featuring specials.
5	Since my last review, I've been to Local Bistro several more times.  Every time I go, the food is great and the service is even better.  We have yet to be disappointed in the overall experience. As far as food goes, I've had several of their entrees including the risotto and pasta.  Both were delish.  The pizza is also tasty as was the special my Husband had one evening.  Seriously, you cannot go wrong with this "local" gem!
5	Went back to Local Bistro this week.....still a great experience! Nice gazpacho was a surprise for me....I love that stuff, and theirs is tasty and fresh. Friends had the gorgeous pappardelle with rich meat sauce...also linguine with seafood...my husband had a bite of a scallop and he told me it was divine! I did not like the drunk bread, because I felt that the wine made the bread soggy. Desserts were tasty, with Nutella cheesecake a fun treat. Always think of L.B. if you want great food and proper service.
2	Ordered take out.  The salad was fine, but there was no bread , no napkins and a the plastic fork and knife was from Subway.  Really?? I won't be ordering from here again unless I'm dining in and can get the extras that should come with a $15 salad.
4	A couple of coworkers took me out for lunch for my birthday and LB had good reviews so I picked this as the local. It's a very cute restaurant and we were immediately seated. Everything on their menu looked fantastic, as did their specials. We shared an order of the drunken bread which was bomb. I had the chicken ranch blt sandwich with fries, others at my table had the special salad, cobb salad, and french dip. Everyone seemed to enjoy their meals, myself included. My sandwich came with a ton of fries, I may dare to say maybe too much? But everything tasted great. One of my coworkers mentioned it was my birthday and they brought out a plate of vanilla ricotta with whipped cream which was a nice surprise. I'll definitely return.
4	Dined here recently, having their Local Burger. The burger was prepared perfectly, med-rare. The bun was excellent. However, the frites were terrible! Soggy, greasy and undercooked. What a disappointment. My companion had their diner special, Mac and Cheese with salmon, which was very good. Not too rich, but, well balanced. It could have used a small salad side included, which would have been nice without ordering a ala carte salad. The wine selection is excellent, broad and varied. Service was slow, considering they were not very busy. We would definitely return, however, it would not be a destination restaurant to drive to.
4	This was a lucky find from Yelp. We were visiting from out of town and wanted an Italian place that wasn't too pricey.We lucked out with friendly staff and tasty food. Happy plates all around.Luckily, we had a reservation as waits were 30-45 minutes. We were seated on time and were greeted by the manager and the servers. Service was professional and timely.We had the fried calamari and two salads (Caesar and arugula) . The calamari was not rubbery and the dipping sauce was great.For meals, we had the trout special, bolognese pasta, and a pizza. Everyone enjoyed their dishes.Worth going to next time I'm in town.
4	Food is consistently good and service was great.  I had the seafood risotto which was delicious.
5	Met some friends for lunch today at Local Bistro and was blown away by the NIcoise Salad with ahi. It was wonderful and there is no skimping on the "good bits". Lots of capers and olives and the ahi was absolutely delicious. My husband has a seafood salad and was every bit as pleased with his meal. So glad this is close to home! Wonderful service and a nice atmosphere-a real winner.
5	Excellent place! Food was delicious! Service was great, and we will definitely be returning!
5	Great service from the from start to finish! The wine selection is phenomenal with faves such as Prisoner, Justin, Caymus and A to Z.  Bottles are very reasonably priced too! Good spot for HH, lunch or dinner.
4	This is one of those restaurants that every one in the valley should give at least one try.  An excellent locally owned spot, with a good modern vibe, and serves up great and fresh food.  And if you want to save some cash, there's a great $30 for $15 deal on Local Dines (https://www.localdines.com/phoenix?ref=19485).I had the Chicken Parmigiano.  I love that Local Bistro has its own spin on such a common dish.  The chicken is flattened and breaded more like a schnitzel, covered with gruyere cheese, and a tomato ragu is served on the side.  Not only is it a tasty dish, but its nothing like the Chicken Parm you can order in any other restaurant.The only thing that I didn't appreciate was the noise.  Wow, it is loud inside.   The tables are also a little uncomfortably close together, but you won't have to worry about any eavesdropping on you.  In fact, you'll barely be able to hear the people you're trying to listen to.
4	I took my boyfriend here for his birthday dinner on a Sunday night.  I had been a few times (once for brunch and once years ago).  It was busy, but not chaotic.  The set up allows for a quiet conversation w/o having to scream to hear each other over the other patrons.  I like that.We ordered the burrata appetizer-- TO DIE FOR!  The burrata was decadent, and the tear drop tomatoes were perfect, not overripe, not bitter-- just right.  We also had the calamari app, which was great.  Not heavily battered, which is best.I had the skirt steak with herb butter-- heavenly.  The herb butter was a great compliment and I could still taste the grilled meat.My boyfriend ordered the seafood linguine (black linguine- nice touch) and it was super yummy, he ate EVERY bite.  It had a rich tomato sauce and plenty of great fish: scallops, mussels, clams, shrimp and calamari.  Very very tasty.I told our server it was my boyf bday, he brought us a complimentary panna cotta dessert  with a candle that topped the night off just right.  I had never eaten panna cotta before and I was pleasantly surprised!For the amazing meal we had plus an alcoholic beverage for each of us, the price was right.  Under $100.00 for appetizers, two meals and drinks.  :-)We will be back time and time again!
5	I love this place! delicious food and great atmosphere. It's a must when I'm in Scottsdale
4	The food was fantastic and great for the winter. Everything was very hearty and I recommend the seafood linguine. The service left something to be desired but overall it was very good. I will definitely come back soon.
5	Great atmosphere. I was there solo and ate at the bar. Friendly patrons and staff. Their homemade pappardelle with bolognese rivaled my favorite at Piccolo Angolo in NYC. Will definitely become a regular here.
2	I was pretty excited to try this place for brunch. The reviews looked great. I don't know if it was an off-day but it wasn't a great experience. The server was a [use your imagination]. Maybe he was hung over? It was Sunday morning. Our food arrived 45 minutes after we sat down. Food was cold. It was reasonably tasty but much too salty. We eat out a lot. I know when it's there's too much salt - even for restaurant food. Just to end the day on a high-note, the last gulp of coffee my wife took was all coffee grounds. The company was great and it was a nice morning but I expected MUCH better from this restaurant.
4	Very strong menu that is well executed. We had the marinated olive appetizer, which was generous but maybe a little bland. The Arancini were outstanding - the smoked mozzarella gives them an almost meaty flavor without any meat. I had the chicken parmagiano, which was good. Other reviewers have accurately described it as schnizel-like - pounded thin, breaded and fried with the marinara served on the side. Great flavor, generous portion though the marinara could use a little more punch. Pasta was not included but can be had as a separate side. Dish comes with a small salad. Wife had the short rib tagliatelle, which was amazing - almost like a bolognese but richer and more savory. As a first-time customer, the chef brought us a surprise sample of the panacotta, which was very good. Cocktails were creative and tasty. Wine selection was strong and there were a lot of options by the glass. While we were there for dinner, there seemed to be a solid set of offerings for happy hour (at the bar only), though the bar and dining room are not separated, so the TV and noise from the bar seemed inconsistent with the romantic and intimate atmosphere that the dining room seems to be trying to achieve. We had two cocktails, two starters (plus the bread they bring) two glasses of wine and two entrees for a bill of about $106.
5	It has been a bit over a year since I have Yelped this place...and happy to report that things are still wonderfully consistent and a delight. Our wedding anniversary is this week and we invited some dear friends to join us at Local last night to help us begin the early celebration, The service and food, once again, was stellar!  Matthew was our server and he was excellent...helpful but not gratuitous..nearby but not hovering. The calamari and drunken bread apps were wonderful..and new (to us) burrata app with fig was veryy tasty! Peg loved the duck risotto, and my pork tenderloin (polenta, brussel sprouts) Our guests had the lasagna and pork spare ribs...both incredibly tasty. I think I have sung the praises of the tiramisu before..but OMG...it is worth the carb count.  In  the midst of the craziness of a Saturday evening, two flutes of champagne arrived in the spirit of the occasion. The attention to detail is always very impressive here. So...if you have an opening for a place that will give you a great experience....I would encourage you to go Local!  Dr. B
4	Field goal kick...and it's good!Came here for a low key lunch and ordered the shrimp risotto.  It wasn't extremely thick or cheesy which is good.  I'd return again to try more of their dishes!
3	Loved the ambiance. Our server was ok, not great. Nice enough, but not very knowledgable on the menu. Hubby had the salmon, it was fine but nothing special. I had the short-rib pasta, again fine but nothing special. Really want to like this place as location is good and it has a cozy feel. Will try again in a few weeks.
5	One of our favorites!!! Whether you want to sit at the bar or a table. Great food and atmosphere! Great service too.
5	Incredibly delicious menu, many choices from gourmet burgers to seafood, pasta and salads.  Something for everyone. Extensive wine list & signature cocktails.  Exceptional atmosphere, indoor outdoor seating.  Highly recommend whether a special occasion or just looking for a great place to dine and socialize!
5	A little gem tucked in a shopping center.  Went there based on a recommendation.  Loved the menu, the service, the design (great design) and, yes, the food.  Waiter traded us up to "drunken bread".YUM!  Fondue in a skillet!  We had the farm salad,  incredibly fresh!  Truffle Mac.  French Onion Soup smothered in gruyere.  My husband is still raving about the Truffle Mac!  And, we arrived at 10:30pm.  No one rushed us.  My only regret was I was too stuffed for dessert!
4	Their burrata and proscuitto is amazing!!!
5	Great spot with interesting food drinks very attentive friendly staff. They have a great happy hour and the chef and bartenders really know what they are doing. Nice atmosphere relaxing in a nice shopping center with other places to see.
3	I like the atmosphere, decor and patio, but if you want to have a more quiet dinner this isn't the place. The open table concept creates a a louder environment. Louder did I say?!We came for happy hour and had appetizers. Tried the ahi tuna tartare and the Kanger Sampler which had a great variety for the table to pick from. Tartare was good, a little bland for my tasting. Service was okay, a little slow on the water fill up. Would try this place again for dinner. Always a constant flow of people at Local bistro. Great place to have near you.
4	Much like the desert in which Scottsdale sits, the local food scene feels desolate of inspiring choices. Where's a foodie to go?  Local Bistro offers up a little break from the routine. The place is ambient, walls lined with wine and a chalkboard of specials. I gotta love a place which serves up burrata as an app. Between the two of us, it was enough as an entree. But then came his black linguini w/seafood (aka squid ink pasta) and my arugula salad. The portions were HUGE! Not that I'm complaining, but since we were staying at a hotel, we couldn't really tote our leftovers. Between the two of us, it would've been easier to split an app and entree. Definitely get the Burrata app and Black Linguini pasta!
5	Local Bistro isn't a new haunt for us... we go again and again, but tonight it felt like a new destination, I always judge a restaurant by the bread, and Local Bistro's bread is clearly a sign of things to come. The food is always steady here... great pizza, great steak and burgers and whoa, really amazing duck risotto. If you're not worried about calories or carbs, you need to have the drunken bread. It's the perfect combination of great bread, great cheese and wine...they also added an arancini appetizer with a fresh marinara, smoked mozzarella and pesto. That said, there are always a couple of really healthy fish specials. Honestly, I've never had anything here that I didn't want more of.  (Yeah, sentence ended with preposition, sorry).The atmosphere is super cool, it's noisy in a really good way (I honestly do not want to hear what the people next to me have to say) and the clientele is sophisticated and polite. Isiah wasa  terrific server. He was gracious and  has an amazing sense of timing.After dinner, we were visited by the chef and by Benjamin, the manager who spent a great deal of time with us, explaining the restaurant's mission.... If you're near Grayhawk, and you're hungry, you can't go wrong. Oh, and by the way, they make a terrific martini and the wine is very, very reasonably priced.
5	Delicious food, warm and inviting restaurant with superb service.  Favorites so far: prosciutto barata appetizer and burned butter, butternut squash ravioli, both were so fabulous my average arugula salad with beets didn't matter.  The meal was nicely paced as well, neither rushed nor too slow, left us lingering just enough to enjoy the atmosphere and relax.  Will definitely be back soon!
3	I thought the food was very good. I had the burrata and it was very tasty.  While I am betting the rest of the food is excellent the jury is still out for me on the service.  I will check back in to update!
3	First, I will start by stating that the pizza (to go) was actually good.  Unfortunately, it was quite the wait and when I went for a slice on the way home, I realized it was cold and must have been sitting for a while before they brought it out.  Nevertheless, the wait was amusing, as I probably watched at least 3 different table drill into the manager for poor service/food.  That guy took a beating!  Good atmosphere,  just looked poorly staffed/managed.
5	We love the atmosphere and great wine! The mushroom tagliatelle and lava cake. Danielle is absolutely the best server! She always goes above and beyond!!!
2	Went there with a friend last night.  Had a reservation. They sat us 20 minutes later at a table for 2 that was on the patio with a curtain on one side a heat lamp on our other side with a table for 4 next to that.   When anyone walked by they had to go sideways so there butt wouldn't hit our table.  It was quite cool outside and the heat lamp didn't help.  We ordered a drink which took 10 minutes to get.  By that time we were so uncomfortable we asked for a change of table.  Place was very crowded and they said we would have to wait.  We waited almost an hour.  It was so loud we could hardly talk to each other without raising our voice (a lot. ) When we finally got our dinner (it took at least 20 minutes from the time we got our salad), it was cold.  One of us ordered a skirt steak and one of us mushroom risotto.  Steak and fries were cold but risotto was hot and very good.  Will never go back there.  They don't know how to honor reservations and service is very poor.  Way too loud.   So many people were complaining.  Manager apologized to us but didn't offer us a drink or anything to make up for our 2 1/2 hour dinner which should have taken one hour.  We did a lot of waiting!  Wait staff was very nice.
5	We decided to go to local bistro to celebrate my husband's birthday. From the moment we walked through the door, we loved the atmosphere. Although it was quite busy for a weeknight, the hostesses were quick to seat us. Our server, T.J. was great! He promptly took our drink and appetizer orders and gave us lots of recommendations. I had the sangria and my husband drank the mule of thyme. The sangria was very good, but next time I will have what my husband ordered--it was delicious! We split the burrata for our appetizer. We really enjoyed it, and cleaned the plate! For dinner, I ordered the steak frites (recommended by our server) and my husband had the short rib tagliatelle. The steak was tender and flavorful. The portions of both of our meals were huge--plenty of leftovers! Overall, the food was very tasty and the service was friendly and quick. We will definitely be coming back!
5	This is a great local restaurant - walking/biking distance from home. The service, food/drinks, and ambiance make it the perfect spot for meeting a group of friends to a nice date night. My only wish is that they would be open later...just in case we need food anywhere in Grayhawk after 10.
5	I think I found my new favorite restaurant. I have been craving French food lately and after a quick Yelp search, I found a few restaurants nearby. Local Bistro was the closest, so my husband and I decided to give it a try. Local Bistro is located at Hayden/Thompson Peak in a shopping plaza that houses a few other restaurants so finding parking wasn't a difficult feat. As we walked up, we knew we wanted to sit on the patio which is on the small side but feels intimate and relaxing. Our waiter was quick to take our drink orders and bring some bread and olive oil. We took our time looking at the menu which seems extensive and filled with numerous delicious sounding options. It was hard to make a decision - I really wanted the French onion soup or a risotto or the fish of the day but in the end I chose the seafood linguini and I was not disappointed. The dish is black linguini with market seafood and a lobster bisque jus. It was heaven in a dish and I did not want to share. The shrimp was tasty, the scallops melted in my mouth, and the sauce - oh, the sauce made everything better. My husband ordered the steak frites which is a skirt steak with herb butter, fries, and a side salad. I tried a few bites of his steak in exchange for a few bites of my dish and found the steak was super tender and juicy. After such a wonderful meal, we decided to try the cheesecake of the day - blueberry. I wish this cheesecake was on the menu every day. It was a delicate cheesecake with blueberries baked in, fresh whipped cream and whole blueberries on top and a bit of blueberry sauce/compote on the side. It was so delicious, I can't wait to come back and try more desserts. Overall, I was highly impressed by not only the food (which was amazing) but the wait staff was super friendly and the service was great. I can't wait to come back!
4	I'm not sure what is preventing me from giving it 5 stars, but I probably should.Great restaurant, great service, great food, great wine, great ambiance.  I went here with a colleague based on Yelp reviews and were not disappointed!  We had a fantastic meal and the service was outstanding. The noise level was a little high, but I'm guessing that is due to the fact that it was very, very busy and it has high ceilings that most likely do not allow for any noise absorption.Overall, I give it two thumbs up and will definitely go back next time I'm in town/in the area.
5	I have been here on multiple occasions and will be back for sure. All the food is great from the risotto to the steak frites(my favorite) they also have lots of good beers and a pretty decent wine list.There is usually some good people watching as well.I'm craving the drunken bread right now.
4	We have been twice. Both times the food has been excellent and tasty, with fresh ingredients. I have had seafood both times and been very pleased with the quality and preparation. (cioppino is very good) Reasonably friendly staff with decent service. My only complaint was that the waitress this last time really had no knowledge of the wine list and that was really a bummer.
5	Tonight six of us went to Local Bistro with 5:30 reservations. To say we were impressed was an understatement. I have eaten at many restaurants, but none match the level of customer service that we received tonight. Christina, our food server, was sensational. Despite many requests from us, she filled each request with professionalism and aplomb. The food was fantastic. From the salads to the entrees, everyone was humming. When the broasted chicken came out a little underdone for one person in our party, not only did they graciously take it back to cook it a little longer, but brought out a small salad at their expense so that our guest wouldn't be sitting there while everyone else was eating. The chicken did come out a few minutes later and it was perfect. The BBQ ribs were to die for, the salmon was great, and the New York was terrific. In addition, we enjoyed a bottle of Rombauer chardonnay for only $48. To top off the evening, the manager brought out three complimentary deserts for us to enjoy.What more could you ask for -- great food, great service, and great atmosphere. We will all be back, and I would encourage any of you in the Scottsdale area to give Local Bistro a try.
5	Cons.... Need reservation in advance.Pros...... Every single item on the menu. I know, we have had them all. This is my favorite place to eat. Just when I thought it couldn't get any better, Sunday Brunch. They have an Italian toast that is dipped in custard, served with fresh fruit. So long French toast.... I'm now a Italian morning person:) add any meat product if you like, they are all yummy!
3	This place has awesome reviews but I found the food wasnt anything special, sweet and spicy pizza was good, french onion soup was good chix parm was good but served with no pasta and bland tom sauce ciopinni didnt look like pix people posted at all and the black seafood linguini was bland, dont believe the hype!
1	This was my second visit to this attractive restaurant. The first resulted in long wait, poor customer service but good food.  We went back today and it was such a disappointment.  We arrived to a virtually empty restaurant although it was 2pm.  The hostess sat us at a small two top.  We got our beverages quickly but no refills on water, no requested lemon and after 25 minutes with no sandwich, we inquired about our order. The waitress who never smiled said it was coming out...I replied it was almost 30 minutes...she gave me a rude look with rolling eyes and said "it will be here". We left $5 for the iced tea and left - she yelled "have a good day ladies" when we left.  No training in this place for customer service.  Expensive and yet absolutely no idea how to treat customers.  Won't be back!
4	I would definitiely return to this place, Monday was my first time there and the food was very good, however our service is what made it. We had a server named Danielle, she was very attentive to us, and just such a pleasant to be around with that beautiful smile. We will definitely be back again soon, keep it up :)
5	Excellent food, drinks, service, and ambience. I have not been let down by a dish yet. If you've never been here, I'd highly recommend that you try it. You won't be disappointed.
4	Always have a great meal here. Drunken bread is very decadent but I like knowing it's there if I want it! Chopped salad was crisp and refreshing.  Patio can be hot during lunch so be mindful of the suns location. Nice wine list, attentive staff. Highly recommend.
5	Took the wife and twins for our Anniversary dinner; had heard uneven reports of the food and service, but it is nearby the house, so we decided to try it.  Started with a crisp Caesar salad, competently done but would have liked a little more of their tangy dressing. Then the twins got their mini-pizza with fresh mushrooms and it was excellent!  My bride had the tender filet Diane, with fresh mushroom gravy, perfect fries and yummy green beans. The steak was just perfect; it wound up in many tiny slices which were devoured by all of us.I had the lasagna, which was the best version I'd tried in many moons. The melding of rich red and Bechamel sauces, the mixture of veal, chicken & ground beef layered in perfect pasta- oh, Yes!  The charming server brought us a chocolate lava cake with large scoop of superb natural vanilla ice cream, and two glasses of delicate champagne in honor of our celebration.Better than we'd expected; all in all a wonderful dining experience. A special occasion kind of place. We'll be back!
5	Easter Sunday after church is such a head ache. People, lines, bad service and everyone all dressed in their Sunday best  trying to be polite, uh! But this year, Local Bistro had it going on! Fantastic service, great prices, great mimosas and we were all surprised at how good the food was. Great menu, will def be back. Our entire party was very impressed.  Great job Local B!
5	Went to local bistro for Easter brunch, and the food, and service were great from start to finish. They have a diverse brunch menu and my group enjoyed eggs benedict, pizza, and the hamburger. The ingredients on everything tasted fresh, and everyone walked away satisfied from the meal. They have a bottomless mimosa deal during brunch, and our waitress kept them flowing and plentiful, which was extremely appreciated. There were even little details like allowing us to pick which citrus fruit we wanted in our water. This restaurant clearly cares about their customers, and the quality of their food. I will be back when I'm in the area.
4	My wife and I had a reservation for this restaurant on a Thursday night. When we arrived we got our requested table on the patio. We were glad that we had a reservation because the place was packed. Food and wine were very good. The service was attentive. If you are not familiar with the area the restaurant is not that easy to find. The car navigation system as well as Google Maps point you into the general vicinity, but not directly to the place. We also did not like that they allowed a dog into the restaurant (indoors) that was laying under the table and was fed by its owners. It was not a service dog.
4	I have  been here multiple times for dinner and have enjoyed each experience. Their pizzas and pastas are outstanding.  Today I went for brunch and it was fabulous - the monkey bread french toast was delicious, and very filling!  Husband had the chicken and waffles and enjoyed it as well.  Bottomless mimosas and bloody marys (1 cent refills) are the way to go during Sunday brunch.  We brought our children, but would caution that the breakfast menu for children is non-existent (we ended up getting a belgian waffle and splitting it between the two kids).  Otherwise, a great place for dining.
4	We just discovered this place a few weeks ago been there a few times since and each time everything was great!  I would definitely recommend the Local Bistro for a nice dinner and cocktail!
4	My wife and I decided to give Local Bistro a try after seeing the good reviews on Yelp. We were both happy with the food, service and atmosphere and will be coming back. The cuisine is an odd mish-mash of French and Italian, but that's their thing, and it works. I had the Steak Frites, and my wife had the Pork Tenderloin. Both were delicious.
4	I've eaten here several times never to be disappointed, the menu is diverse , the service exceptional , the Martini's very scientific (mixology)  the deserts are out body experience try banana bread pudding . Only reason they didn't receive 5 stars is because that perfect meal will be served in heaven. Willard from visiting from Cali
2	After visiting this bistro twice, I can say the food is good and their wine/alcohol selection is nice but the ticket time is horrendous. On each occasion it has taken upwards of 45 minutes to get our food! That is insane considering most restaurants have entrees on the table in less than 20 minutes. The food was good, but not worth the wait.
5	My wife just said.... "That's how you treat people."I agree. This was our first venture to Local Bistro (LB) and we'll be back.Great atmosphere; impeccable service from Matt and his band of teammates, to the manager who made sure we were comfortable; outstanding food.Our 4yo had Mac and cheese + fresh berries. Extra good. My wife, mother-in-law, and I had the dip trio (the pesto made with spinach and the pequillo were delicious along with warm crispy flatbread)  to start.Matt (our server) helped us make appropriate wine choices and never once pretended to know it all. He went for help when he didn't know everything about a wine and let us taste some wines before picking a favorite).The wife's fish was excellent, the mil's pasta was homemade and delicious, and my pizza was warm. It took a bit before our food arrived.... Turns out that the fish was not cooked right so they let us know that they were remaking all of our meals to ensure freshness. We were fine with that. NOTE TO OTHER RESTAURANTS: acknowledge when something goes sideways and be honest about how you'll make up for it. Extra points.To round out the meal they brought us 2 desserts for being first time guests and as an apology for the delay.It is always a good feeling to have 6-star service at a 3-star price. We will be going back!
4	Went here for happy hour (it's only in the bar and on the patio). They have half off their pizzas during hh (2:00pm-6:00pm everyday).  Pizza was great.  The strawberry Moscow mule I ordered was great too. We also got this caprese salad with peaches, it was fabulous. The owner was very friendly as well. I will be going back.  There was lots of old people there. So if you are 50 & under expect to be the youngest there.
5	Great spot for anytime dinner! Fab wine and cocktail list. Good spot to take kids. A little noisy but not bad. Great food, I had the beef carpaccio,really good!  Dessert was tiramisu, excellent!! We have been more than once and will go again. Love it.
5	Went here for dinner a few nights ago. Very cool interior and friendly staff from hostesses to food runners. Our server Matthew was terrific and had good recommendations. Seafood linguine and Spanish risotto were great. They comped a nice dessert since we were first-timers. Had a great meal and overall great experience. Well worth the drive over from the west side.
4	I am usually not one to follow the masses, but I will agree with my fellow Yelpers on this spot. You really can't go wrong with a place when the instant you walk in, people are ushering in smiles and attention to accommodate your dining needs. The bar is a great spot to rest your bum but I wanted to soak up the beautiful monsoon season on the patio. Blame the moscow mule because I cannot recall my server's name, but Miss New Jersey was someone I seriously could kidnap to go explore the menu with! Personable, attentive but never intrusive and certainly she has great taste in food.I started with the burrata appetizer and I never realized how cheese and peaches could take your smile to such heights. The steak salad is incredible generous with the meat portion, and I was an appreciative audience! I loved how they did use peaches to make the salad refreshing. And finally, you cannot eat here without having the white chocolate bread pudding. To die for. It is now my second favorite version next to red velvet bread pudding.
2	Having recently dined at Central Bistro, we decided to give this North Scottsdale favorite a try.  Unfortunately that night, the restaurant fell short of its reviews.  When we first got there, we anticipated a wait and were going to sit at the bar but the hostess suggested the patio.  It was a warm-ish night and the hostess sat  us at a two top next to the parking lot.  The mister dripped all over us and cars pulling in and out blinded us with their headlights.  When we asked to be moved, the hosted could only think of moving us to another two top with the same conditions.  Frustrated, we walked by her back into the main room and told her we would wait.Papardelle Bolognese when I heard the pasta was fresh made in house.  While we waited for our entrees, we attempted to break bread, then tried to cut it with a knife.  The bread was so , it was not a chewy crust but a hard shell.  We never did eat the bread and were never asked what was wrong.  Soon thereafter, our entrees appeared and my wife relished her choice.  The salmon was cooked perfectly and seasoned just right without some citrus-y sweet goo that many restaurants use to cover the fish.  her fingerling potatoes and vegetables were cooked to a firm perfection.  Next, I dug into my long anticipated pasta only to be disappointed in a thick, super wide tasteless pasta that wan not chewable.  The sauce was a tasty melange of meat and tomatoes but was not enough to overcome the pasta's shortcomings.  I set that aside and our waitress came by and said, "Is there anything wrong?"  It was obvious and she said she would get the manager.  He came over and I explained my disappointment and offered to replace it.  I have a policy not to order again because when you return food, the staff is upset.  They care less about the customer than their work.  Due to the late hour and my hunger pangs I ordered a cheeseburger and fries to make it quick and easy.  Again, within a few minutes, the manager appeared with my replacement order.  I cut the burger in half and noticed it was cooked a perfect medium rare.  I took a bite and savored the charcoal grilled flavor.  In my second bite, the flavor changed to a heavy salt flavor so i opened the burger and found clumps of salt and clumps of seasoning.  Rather than return a second meal, I scraped the salt and seasoning off the top and finished it.  I could not eat the fries because of the heavy dose of salt.  When the waitress and manager came back, I told them, it was cooked perfectly to temperature and asked for our check.  We paid and left right away.  No offer for a comp desert or anything but no loss.  We were glad to get out of there.   There may not be another visit in our future.
1	I was visiting my parents in Scottsdale over the weekend and my father made reservations at the Local Bistro for dinner.  Both my parents are older and my Mom, in particular, has difficulty hearing in crowded rooms so when my father called to make the reservation he specifically asked that we would like to be seated outside since the restaurant is loud and it is difficult to hear one another in the crowded, noisy dining room.  He talked to the manager when he made the reservation and was assured that everything would be fine.  When we got to the restaurant, we were informed by the hostess that they did not take reservations for the patio.  She quickly called the "manager".  The restaurant was crowded and horrifically noisy.  The manager came over, mentioned that he did remember talking to my father but denied ever having said the we could sit on the patio.  We were informed that the patio is first come/first serve.  Instead of apologizing or trying to figure out a way to seat us on the patio the manager very rudely said that the conversation never happened and basically we were out of luck,  We left.  I happen to be in the restaurant business and I was pretty shocked at the abrupt, brusque and rude way my parents were treated.  Needless to say, we will never go there again.  I should not have to remind you that when people are so shabbily treated they tend to tell all of their friends, their children and their families.I can only say to you that you should enjoy the crowds right now, but every dog has their day.  I have every confidence that the rude behavior, snotty attitude and failure to try to observe the most basic rules of customer service will catch up to your establishment.  It is not like you are the only restaurant in Scottsdale, or even in your shopping center for that matter.
5	A little gem tucked in a shopping center.  Went there based on a recommendation.  Loved the menu, the service, the design (great design) and, yes, the food.  Waiter traded us up to "drunken bread".YUM!  Fondue in a skillet!  We had the farm salad,  incredibly fresh!  Truffle Mac.  French Onion Soup smothered in grueyreSalad. My husband is still raving about it.  And, we arrived at 10:30pm.  No one rushed us.
4	Started with the Drunk Bread and it was tasty.  A unique combination of crusty bread and cheese.  It was a good way to start.I had the linguine and clams and loved it.  Generous portion of clams and the sauce was awesome.  My wife had a salad and enjoyed it as well.The staff was helpful, friendly and made sure we were well taken care of.Environment was comfortable, but a little on the loud side, but not so bad that we couldn't carry on a conversation without yelling.
5	Local Bistro: Shamelessly our Sunday Spot every week!Bottomless Mimosas for $12, outstanding Eggs Benedict and great Service. We sit in Tim's section every time and the entire staff knows us and is very welcoming. We have celebrated multiple Birthdays, Mothers Day, Easter, and Sunday Brunch here dozens and dozens of times. Never even tried the lunch or dinner menu due to being so in love with the Brunch menu, but intend to... From the Monkey Bread Toast, Eggs Benedict, Omelettes and Italian Toast- we've tried it all and love every dish. Cute modern decor, happy atmosphere and easy to find location. We highly recommend Local Bistro!
4	We have been here just a couple of times and always say we have to come back soon. Never soon enough as this meal was excellent. Great mussels, split pea soup, sauciness, and Lotte. Really good.
4	High end and very delicious.  The salads feature outstanding greens and crisp options... I have also had the burger here.  Strong!
4	Yum! Definitely start with the drunk bread.  The burrata is also delicious - it was unlike anything I've ever tasted before.  I had the pork tenderloin and it was tender and flavorful. However, the potatoes and broccolini was bland. Great service!
5	I have been to many restaurants and have asked for lemon wedges to squeeze over my food. 98% percent of them bring thin lemon slices that will get you 2-3 drops, The ones that are used for your drink rim. This place not only gives you a lemon cut in half they put them in lemon seed filter baggies. Love this place already!
5	The food here is exceptional, as is the service. Even though this is quite upscale, and more for adults, they were very welcoming and accommodating to our little family. The waitresses were attentive, without being pushy, and we all left feeling very content, even the little one! We also love that it is so close to our place in Grayhawk.
4	Top quality local neighborhood (Grayhawk) gem. Ever changing menu of meat, seafood, & pasta options.Good wine list. Cozy atmosphere. Good service.
5	My wife and I ate their last night for dinner.    This is one restaurant you can always count on for great service and great food.  Our server was Kelly and she was phenomenal, made great recommendations and was as pleasant as could be.   Nice touch when the Manager stopped by to ensure we were having a great time.   I mentioned that this was our last dinner in Phoenix due to a relo, and they brought us a free desert to say good luck..... Nice touch!Great restaurant!!
