3	This is the result of the pairing of eeZ Fusion and The Counter.  eeZ Fusion fans will be very pleased with Cowfish.  Myself being a fan of The Counter, was disappointed.  The menu is quite lengthy.  The pricing makes it difficult to build your own sandwich without paying through the nose.  They have done away with the smaller meat options, like the 1/3 lb burger, so you have to bring your appetite.  Some sauces and add-ons are no longer available.  The delicious milkshakes did survive the transition!  The menu steers Cowfish to being more of a dinner place than a lunch place, which is a disappointment.Worth a visit, but fans of The Counter, don't set your hopes high when you go.  Cowfish is definitely geared more strongly toward the eeZ Fusion crowd.
4	Thank you Cowfish for supporting us yelpers...I had a great night checking this place out. This restaurant has taken over the old "Counter" in Southpark. The concept is genius gourmet burgers & sushi. The fusion dishes are one of a kind. I even saw a bento box served with sushi rolls and beef sliders - that rocks. You no longer have to worry about where to go the next time your in the mood for sushi and your friend doesn't eat raw fish. This is the place. Be prepared for a wait it was freakin packed last night. I sampled a pimento cheese slider and a very strange sushi with pesto, mozzarella and some other stuff. The burger was delicious - but this particular sushi was a little strange for me but unique I give them that. I decided I was still hungry and with the crazy selection on the menu I just had to try a few more things. Ahi Tuna Nachos oh my gosh yes I will be coming back for these on a regular basis this appetizer was huge and.could definitely be a meal. Crab rangoon dip on top of wonton chips with guacamole and blackened rare ahi tuna come on people this was heaven. I also tried what we were told was the most popular roll on the menu the Marx roll it was tasty not my fav but the pieces were huge and it was all prepared very well. Special thanks to our servers Kevin and Fallon (sorry I'm pretty good with names I hope that's right) you all were very patient and full of information always appreciated.
5	This review is for Sushi only. Personally if I go to a sushi bar I wont order anything but sushi. The person next to me did have some kind of burger and it was huge and looked really good. If your a sushi lover and If you have ever been to EEZ fusion in Birkdale village(SAME OWNERS) and enjoyed it then you will love Cowfish. The sushi at Cowfish and EEZ is the best around. They have the freshest sashimi and the biggest and tastiest rolls. In addition to the sushi you have to try the crab rangoon dip. The dip may actually be better than eating a crab rangoon itself. They drizzle a special sauce over the fried wontons to start and you can eat the wontons plain the sauce is so good. There sushi bar is pretty cool as well. They have screens on the bar that you can play all kinds of games. I could really care less but the only drawbacks about the restaurant is that the bathrooms are extremely small. One bathroom is for only one person at a time. The parking is a bit limited as well. Unless your lucky and find a spot in front of the restaurant you will have to park in the garage. The garage is about a block away. They do have some good sake's. If you a sake enthusiast however then the sake list seems a bit more limited then what EEZ carries. But for being in a new area like South Park the list may grow as they develop and learn the clientel that will come in.
4	Delicious, charming, and chic. This yelp review is based off the Yelpy Hour that Cowfish so graciously hosted. Lemme tell ya, you need to call ahead for seats, at least on a Thursday night. This place was PACKED. 35 minutes for a table. Good thing us Yelpers had a reserved section. Plate after plate of different, yummy food was brought out, so I got to have the sushi, burger, and extras. Sushi: To DIE for. They had such interesting fusion! Normally I like to go traditional, but I'm glad I got to try these new favorites. I can't really identify any of the roles that I ate for free besides the obvious salmon or tuna laying across the top, but they were all great. We actually decided to stay for dinner after, it was so good. We ended up getting the Tuna Nachos, and the Motherload. Those tuna nachos... damn. They make my mouth water just thinking about them. Very large, flat nacho with rich, creamy crab rangoon dip spread over it, some greens and spices on top of that, and then tuna sashimi on top. So, so good. The only thing is that the seasoning on the Tuna (which almost tasted like ginger), while good on the tuna, seemed to clash with the rest of the crab rangoon/chip ensemble. That wasn't a problem for me, since I merely ate the sashimi first, then delved into the chip. The Motherload is a $23 sushi platter that has all the fish on the menu. When we ordered it, the waiter assured me that this was not for sushi beginners, and we might see some stuff we hadn't previously discovered. I love your deeper, untraditional Americanan sushi, and was excited. However upon receiving the order, it was pretty much all normal stuff on there. Delicious yes, but normal. Delicious rolls with white fish, tuna, salmon, and fillet, topped with flying fish roe. The sashimi consisted of a few slices of octopus, a very large sweet shrim (my favorite), and sliced scallop (second favorite). The scallop was topped with salmon roe. There was also a tempura-fried prawn in a spring roll with peanut dipping sauce, which I am glad to say, also came with the head on the plate (gotta love sucking out those prawn brains! ... I may have scarred my dinner partner for life in doing so, though.). All in all delicious, but I think pretty standard sushi fare.Burgers:I don't know what they were. Little sliders that were flavorful, covered in sauces and condiments, different veggies, and were very juicy. Delicious. Extras:Fried pickles: they were there. They are what they are: good, but nothing to write home about.Chicken skewers: platter of very flavorful and moist marinated chicken. Not a huge chicken onna stick person if there's sushi around to be had, but these were great little noms. Edamame: Lightly salted, gently steamed, and deliciousDrinks: My vodka collins was always refilled, and though not extremely flavorful, very strong. Got to try some 'carbonated' sake. Usually a stickler for traditional warmed plum, this was actually pretty good, very fruity. Glad I got to try it.I'm sitting here, writing this review with my mouth watering. I want to go back. Nay, need to go back. And since it's bound to happen since I have another Living Social deal, keep me posted for an updated review!
4	I was pretty impressed by this place.  It wasn't what I was expecting at all.  It was a swanky sushi place with a funky vibe.  If I had to use one word to describe it: Creative.  No doubt the sushi rolls were unlike anything you'd expect.  And, the sliders were mouthwatering.  I recommend the tuna nachos... I'm still craving them a week later.  If you're looking for a place to go on a second or third date, you've found it.  Everything on the menu could and will start an interesting discussion.  "What do you think pesto and tomato would taste like on a tuna roll?"  Exactly.  You have to try it to find out.  They also have a good drink menu and an enormous bar so if you're like me and prefer to have a casual dinner with lots of drinks while sitting at the bar... this is it!  However, there were a lot of kids the night that I went so refrain from profanity and too much PDA.  Although, no offense to those with kids, that didn't stop me ;)
4	Following recommendations I made a reservation and was glad I did.  Business was brisk on a Thursday night.    I arrived at 5:40 for a 6:00 o'clock reservation, and found a parking spot right in front of the door.  This was a sign that it was going to be a good night.  It was half price Sake night - a carafe of Fuji Apple Sake was a great starter while I awaited my friends.  We were seated promptly when everyone arrived.  Our waiter was very knowledgable and helpful explaining the extensive menu.  One guest and I decided to split the Caribbean Summer Rolls, and I am glad we did, otherwise I would not have been able to eat my dinner.  I chose Filet Oscar Roll from the Burgushi menu, while another diner chose the South of the Border Roll, the third party in our group went for the Moriawase dozen and was glad she followed the waiters recommendation to start off with the dozen and if she wanted more he could increase it to the double deuce.   Everyone enjoyed the food.  Desserts were ordered to go.   My apple pie wontons were alright, but probably would have been better if I weren't so full and could have eaten them there while they were warm.  A nice touch was the owner coming around to ask us about our dining experience and to hand out cards for a free appetizer which are good until the end of 2011.   I like the burgushi concept.  Cowfish Sushi Burger Bar is definitely on my list of favorites and places I would go on a date or take an out of town guest.
5	OMG!  FInally a place that caters to both sushi and burger lovers all under the same roof - service was best I have experienced in a long time in Charlotte.  Food - out of this world.  Love the interactive screens in the sushi bar - makes ordering a drink fun!  Don't miss this place!
4	This is an interesting place.  Their menu is a small novel with plenty of options for meat and fish fans.  We started off with the Seared Tuna Nachos, very tasty and love the idea of each nacho chip being carefully stacked with the ingredients mentioned on the menu.  All 5 chips are fresh and topped with goodness.  My girlfriend and I split our main meals; I had The Green Monster, sounded great on the menu but there was no flavor to the meat, no salt, pepper, garlic salt, nothing.  The ingredients the flavorless burger had stacked on it didn't offer anything either, I could only taste the jalapenos.  My girlfriend's choice was the Taste Explosion from their Burgushi section, lots of flavor, however very heavy and wouldn't choose it again if I was the only one eating it.  Although heavy, the Taste Explosion is definitely a menu option I would get again to share.  Minus the burger, good spot to check out, there's something on the menu for all.
4	In an alternate universe there will be more crazy fusion restaurants like this...fried chicken and pie...lasagna and hibachi...mole and milkshakes...ok maybe not. BUT, Cowfish does bring together two of my favorite foods - sushi and burgers and does them both surprisingly well!Since I've only snacked on hubs' burger, I'll focus my review on apps and sushi. Let's get to it...1) The scene: Super cool looking restaurant - very pop art-ish with custom sushi/Warhol esque paintings scattered on the red walls. Also, a huge bar and overall big concept (they took the Counter's space & the old Grape space - this place is magnanimous). Tons of tables in the bar area and general dining space. Make a reservation - it shall save you time! 2) The staff: Sharp, knowledgeable and friendly on both accounts I've sat down for a meal here. They are able to walk you through the gigantic menu and help you focus on a few things that catch your eye. 3) The menu: Huge. I mean Cheesecake Factory huge. Almost bordering on so large and detailed you can't take it all in. Think apps, burgers, burgushi, traditional sushi, creative sushi, make your own sushi, milkshakes, desserts, oh my. 4) The food: De-freakin'-licious. A few things I've really enjoyed here...-Crab Rangoon dip: Just as you would imagine, but better. Not for the dieting kind: fried wonton crisps, drizzled with sauce and dunkable in the crabby rangoony dip. Yes, please.-Tropical Storm Roll: super fresh, delicious and huge. *Word to the wise, if you want to actually fit a piece of a sushi roll in your mouth, ask them to cut the rolls into 10 pieces instead of 8. Trust me...your jaw will thank me.-Mango Tango Roll: Yummmm. I love just about anything with mango and this creative mixture is delightful. Plus - jalapeno! Nom.-Fried pickles: Tasty and crunchy with a delicious dipping sauce. -White Diamond: Normally I shy away from panko, flash fried rolls but this is pretty flavorful! I may ask for a bit more heat next time, too. 5) The prices: Honestly, pretty reasonable prices considering how much food you get to indulge in! Plus, the.sushi.rolls.are.huge. And the apps are pretty generous in size. Sharing is caring...share a few rolls with friends, you'll have plenty of food to go around. I also noticed that their lunch menu looks pretty slammin' and reasonable! So that's my long winded review of Cowfish. I really adore this chic fusion eatery and can't wait to go back!
4	Great great place.  You can really tell there is a buzz going on about this restaurant when you had to wait for 1hr for a table on a Wednesday night!The hostess was very accommodating though and totally looked out for us - so it wasn't like my friends and I got neglected.  Now, I did not have the pleasure to go to the counter, but my friend Chelsey was describing the old set up, but it looks like Cowfish took the idea and added and edited to get this great fusion/unique restaurant.  The bar wraps around the entire restaurant so it can seat a ton of people - not really sure if you could just walk up and plop down [since we were waiting on a table] but it looks like you could.As it turns out one of my buddies is a server here so we were lucky to sit in his section and he walked us through the menu... which was a novel.  And an exciting novel at that!  There were so many things I wanted to try on the menu, it seems like you can go here probably 20 times and order something new... maybe more.We put an order in and eagerly awaited our food.  The wait for our table actually worked to our advantage since we got there a little early for dinner, but by the time we sat down we were starving and primed for a good meal.  The food came and it was beautiful to look at.  I of course took pictures so I probably looked like a freakin' tourist, but it was well worth it.  Everything tasted delicious and it was a great first experience [hopefully the first of many].
3	Cowfish is interesting.  It's good, but it's pricey.  First off, the menu is HUGE.  I will say it may be the largest menu I have ever seen in my life, outside of some wine lists.  If you've ever seen the Gordon Ramsey show "Ramsey's Kitchen Nightmares", well Gordon would have a heart attack at the amount of items on the menu.  It took us over 20 minutes to order and may have been close to 30.  Once you get over the size of the menu, the food is pretty good, and the service is very attentive.  We ordered a burger and some sushi.  Burger first:  It was good - on par with the previous tenant of the space, Custom Counter.  Fries too.  There are other places in Charlotte that have better burgers, but it was not bad.  Sushi - Again, it was good, but not the best in Charlotte.  I still believe Nikko's has the best sushi in town.  However, Cowfish is just as expensive as Nikko's.  And the atmosphere at Nikko's is better. And the sushi was prepared a bit better.  So, for the same price and better quality, why should I not go to Nikko's?  Short answer - I don't know.  I'm not a Cowfish hater, it was just more expensive than I would have expected for the quality.  They allow you to order a custom roll - so whatever you want on it, they will make it.  I had an inside out roll with yellowtail and jalapenos.  It was good and I would get the same thing again, with extra jalapenos though!In summary, good but expensive sushi, decent burger.    Side note:  They have a bunch of different milkshakes at Cowfish, but their blender sounds like a dentist's drill, so I beg you to avoid that if you can.
4	I got in the van thinking that my co-workers were headed to Mert's.  Lo and behold, we ended up at the South Park Mall and The Cowfish.  Parking was a cinch in the deck and we had a short walk to the restaurant.  We arrived around 1:00pm on a Friday and we had to wait roughly ten minutes for a table for six.  We were seated and handed our menus.  As has been previously noted, these menus are books.  You should allow yourself ten minutes just to read through the menu, as there is a lot to take in.  Our waitress came by to introduce herself and take our drink orders.  She asked if we had been to the restaurant before and when we replied that we hadn't, she walked us through the major sections of the menu.Our drinks were brought out (including a quart glass milk-style bottle for water refills) and we placed our orders.  It was no more than fifteen minutes when all our plates were brought out.  I can only speak for the burger, but the CBCLT was quite good.  Served on a brioche bun (other bread options are available) with bacon, lettuce, tomato, and two types of cheddar, this is a solid burger.  The beef is all-natural, grass-fed which is something that I look for when I eat beef.  I had requested my burger be cooked medium, and for the most part it was.  The sweet potato fries on the side were tasty, but maybe just a tad above average.  The burger was served with their Cowfish Sauce, which I didn't quite care for.  But I loved that they had Sriracha Sauce in the lazy susan on the table.  Mixed some of that with some ketchup and had a spicy dip for my fries.  Good times.This restaurant has a great vibe and a really eclectic burgers and sushi menu.  Prices may be a teensy bit high, but I think the food is worth it every once in a while.  Service was top-notch and personal.  And the men's bathroom had a scented candle!  Be sure to check out the book prints in the hallway on your way to the restroom.  They're pages from a children's book explaining the cowfish story.  I'll be back!
4	Food was fun! Interesting. Not a sushi fan so I can't speak on that. But the burgers are great! Wontons with Rangoon dip was good. Onion rings were good. Spiked milkshakes were delish!
3	Hmmm, I'm just split on Cowfish. It's a very nice restaurant, love the theme, the bar, the area, the mood......but the sushi is just as bad as Eez, so I'll have to steer clear of that if I decide to return......I really want to like this place so I probably will return. The onion rings and crab rangoon dip were pretty good. The burger squirted me with grease as I bit into it, but it was rather tasty.  The drink menu is extensive and it would be great if the servers were able to sample the drinks to at least recommend a favorite or 2, but I understand they are forbidden to try drinks.....even on their off days.......with that said, I tried the Cheeky Monkey, pretty good but could have used a bit more pineapple juice.  3 stars overall, I'm quite disappointed in the sushi and the service seemed to want to rush you out.......
4	Sleek, modern, funky fresh and hip pretty much sums it up. From the Warhol inspired Godzilla painting to the burger "king" who I always found creepy; the decor is contemporary, atmosphere is live, and service is fabulous. Our waiter, Walter is a master of his trade. Prices are surprisingly affordable and if the name wasn't a dead give away - yep this place also has an eclectic menu. From the Burger bento box, to filet oscar roll to the Arnold Hamandegger burgah. It's all good in the hood. Fish is fresh with some traditional, some make your own and the ever so present specialty rolls. One point I must touch on is when the server brought out our food, she asked if we wanted anything else? I happily obliged and she had no qualms when I put in an order with her rather then our waiter. When we let our waiter know it was our first visit , he had the manager come out to introduce himself, greet us, and offered a free appetizer for the next visit. He was either: 1. Very personable, takes pride in the business, and delivering a great experienceor 2. Recognized my pretty lil' face from Yelp and wanted to bribe me ;)Before you leave, make sure you make a stop to the bano. Just as the crazy name implies, you will hear an even crazier recording of a phrase in English, then translated in redneck and lastly translated in Japanese.
4	Went with friends for lunch with a living social voucher.We all got burgers and every one loved them. Burgers were large, flavorsome and there were a lot of interesting options. Now that I am confident in the place I will be trying the ahi tuna burger next time.The secret surprise was the kids meal. It was peanut butter and jelly sandwiches rolled up like sushi. Very cool, and makes the little one part of the group ;).I would go back, and potentially try the sushi.It was a little pricey and service was very very friendly, that may or may not be to your liking.
4	I was a big fan of this place when it was Counter Burger and was excited for the burger/sushi combination and apparently so were a lot of other charloteans as the two times I've walked in there its had a one and half hour wait.  The first time I walked out as I was with a large group, but the second time I was just with one friend so we ponied up at the bar to eat.  The menu is huge with a burger, sushi and burgushi ( a combo of both) options.  The bartender took the time to walk us through the menu even though it was crowded which I really appreciated.  We split the Green Monster Burger and the Mother Load sushi platter.  The Green Monster was delicious and they did a great job of cooking the burger to medium (what most people think as medium rare).  It had creamy avacado and fried jalapeno slices. Great combination of hot burger and cool avacados.  I would go to this place just for the burger!  The motherload sushi platter was great, it was a good sized portion and the fish tasted very fresh.  Great place, I'll definitely be back.  (it didn't hurt that Ric Flair sat next to me)
3	I ate at the Cowfish and had a great experience. My waiter was on top of things, and he did a great job of explaining the menu. Overall the menu was a bit pricey, but i enjoyed the food. I ordered the Southpark Roll and the Doug's Filet Roll.  I've had the filet roll at Eez and they were identical.The only real complaint that I had was that I ate by the door and it seems like every time a child walked in the door, the staff allowed him to hit the gong. My friends were startled by the gong as it went off about every 5-10 minutes. That was quite annoying.Other than that, I had a great experience.
5	wow! wow ! wow~!I ate here today with my boyfriend and his mother. The restaurant has the best atmosphere, artwork and unique flare. The bathrooms are something else! I love the cow fish artwork, cowfish in the aquarium and their cowfish bus! I love the variety, and amount of items on the menu! Sooo many good things to choose from that it took me at  least 30 minutes to narrow my selection down to two rolls. I went with simple rolls like the spicy yellowtail and the CREATE YOUR own roll ! I got salmon, with Tempura Avocado, and spicy cream sauce to die for! My boyfriend got the spicy crunch roll and his mother absolutely loved the Pimento Cheeseburger! So both the surf and turf are great! I want to go back again and again!The service was great, thanks Joe! The manager came out and spoke to us, and gave us his card and a coupon for a free appetizer of our choice when we return! The employees are SO friendly!
4	Okay, I'm a fan.  We went to check out Cowfish for our New Year's Eve dinner.  We called for reservations a few days earlier, but they were not taking anymore over the phone.  We decided to give it a shot as walk-in guests...love sitting at the bar to eat anyway...we don't need no stinking table ;)It wasn't quite as packed as we expected...tons of open tables and seats.  We had no problem finding a cozy seat as we walked a mile and a half around the huge bar area and had our pick.  It was cold that night...so the bar seats by the door were a "no way"...I bet the hostesses were freezing!We sat in front of the sushi bar...a couple of LCD screens showed old-timey silent Japanese films like Godzilla (cheesy but fun)...and one screen just had beautiful shots of the menu items...tasteful...not salesy.  There were also these painted loosely-defined "sculptures" of wasabi and ginger on the wall...they were so bad...kinda' cracked us up.  The Benneton-like Sushi-makers/chefs behind the bar were quiet and never really looked up or engaged with us (didn't make a difference for me either way).  The bar actually had a digital screen for games and ordering...but the server said it wasn't working that well anyway...so just to talk to him directly.  I played an impossible game of PacMan and loved every second of it.Our overall experience was fantastic...great service (great server)...good tasting food.  We went ahead a tried the taste explosion fusion "thingy" and a more traditional sushi roll...the Firecracker I think?  Both were VERY good!  I was shocked though...the sushi rolls are HUGE...so be careful when ordering.  We usually order 3-4 rolls...we were totally stuffed after just two.One thing that really made a difference for us was the manager who stopped by to thank us for our patronage, etc...at the right time during our experience.  This "process" isn't new in the restaurant industry...it happens all the time and has become rather standard, even passe as most managers just "check off the box."  The difference this time...this manager (sorry...can't remember his name...definitely Hispanic/Latino) was AUTHENTIC.  His approach was just perfect...kudos to him and also the hiring/training manager!We will definitely be back...and I've already told tons of people we loved it.  Keep up the good work.
5	Finally got my first official taste of The Cowfish last night--and loved it! We didn't have a reservation, so we sat at the bar. Normally that might mean terrible service, but the roving bartenders were all super attentive and extremely excited about the menu. We ordered the Spicy Thai Cucumbers (those are not to be missed, seriously delicious), the Thai Mango Salad (not fantastic, not terrible...), and because I was insanely hungry and also super curious about the menu, we ordered a sandwich from the Burgushi menu (the Alaskan "Turkey" Sandwich) along with two sushi rolls, the electric eel roll and the dynamite roll. The burgushi was FANTASTIC, and I chose the seaweed salad for my side (huge portion, yay!), which is one of my favorite things on the planet. My husband devoured the electric eel roll, which he pronounced spectacular -- and it was gorgeously plated. The dynamite roll was good...the sushi pieces are a little bigger than I prefer (practically impossible to eat without cutting in half).All in all, I LOVED this place and I will absolutely be back. Maybe tomorrow...
4	I really liked the variety of food on the menu. The firecracker roll and sushimi were awesome. The only reason why I gave 4 stars instead of 5 is because I felt the portion sizes were large so if you wanted to share with others it makes it hard because dishes are so large.  It would be nice if they had a smaller plates section so you can share a lot of different dishes.
5	We went to Cowfish this past Sunday night and arrived around 6:30 PM.  Who knew that on a Sunday night in Charlotte I'd need a reservation?   Our party of seven waited 45 minutes for a table.  Everyone was very nice, though, and even the manager apologized to us for the long wait.  I think the problem is that Cowfish has a huge bar to sit at (and I mean HUGE; it starts on one side of the restaurant, wraps around, and continues for miles down the other side) and not a lot of "large" tables.   Now I know, though, so I won't be caught off guard in the future.  I've never seen a restaurant in Charlotte so busy on a Sunday night, that's why I didn't think to make a reservation.At any rate, I loved looking around the restaurant.  It's come a long way since it was The Counter.  The walls are painted a deep red and extend high up into the warehouse-like black painted ceiling.  The bar (which I mentioned earlier) takes up a lot of space.  If you're a couple, it makes a great spot to sit, talk, eat, and drink.  Any more than two people, though, and conversation is probably difficult.  The giant paintings on the red wall are humorous knock-offs of famous art pieces or pop culture icons.  Burger King getting dissed by Wendy?  "Fine, have it your way."  Classic.  Our server (very friendly and attentive) explained the menu to us.  If you thought the menu at Cheesecake Factory was a book, check out the menu at Cowfish.  You need about 20 minutes to look over everything just to begin to narrow down your choices. Since we had waited so long for a table, we started with the Sticks, Sweets & Strings -- regular fries, sweet potato fries, and onion strings.  For $5, it was incredibly huge and plenty for sharing with a large group.  Plus, it all tasted so good.While we waited for our table, I noticed a group of women who had HUGE sushi rolls on their plates.  Their diameter was the size of my wrist.  So when I saw the Fusion Specialties section of the menu featuring "entree-sized sushi rolls" for more money than the hamburger entrees, I assumed that's what they had ordered.  I finally decided on the "Mark's Roll" - fresh tuna, jalapeno, cream cheese, kani and scallion roll, coated with panko and flash fried, topped with Japanese cream sauce and sriracha, and served with ponzu dipping sauce.  Everyone else ordered burgers.  When our dinners were delivered, I was quite disappointed to find that my entree-sized sushi roll was no bigger than a larger-sized sushi roll at another restaurant.  It wasn't really "entree-sized" when everyone else got a HUGE, stacked burger with fries.  Don't get me wrong -- it was delicious, but I'd stick to getting a couple of the cheaper sushi rolls next time or else a big, thick, juicy burger.  For $10, they looked like quite the value.  And, speaking of value, the kids' meals are about $5 on average.  There is a wide variety of choices for kids, and the meals come in bento boxes where every little cubby hole is FILLED with different foods.  The kids even got more food than me!I'm looking forward to going back to Cowfish (despite my smaller meal) because there are SO many things to try on the menu (there's even a wide variety of salad entree choices), the prices are very reasonable, and the atmosphere is classy, yet casual.  I'll just remember to make a reservation next time!  (Or sit at one of the many, many spots along the lonnnnnnnnnnnng bar.) And, yes, there really is such a thing as a cowfish.  And you can see them swimming in the giant fish tank on the other side of the bar as you walk in the restaurant.
4	i signed up to become a Cowfish junkie and they immediately sent a free appetizer coupon. We tried the Blackened Ahi Tuna Nachos, good mix of flavors if you like tuna. The menu is intimidatingly gigantic. i wasn't sure if i go with a simple buffalo chicken sandwich, a burger concoction, a burger/sushi sushi roll, sushi rolls. i decided to go with the Bib burger (chili, cheese, bacon, onion) and it turned out pretty good. Your standard bigger-than-your-mouth burger that you probably won't want to eat in front of a first date. Be warned, they don't actually give you a bib with your bib burger, but you may end up with chili all over your hands. The chili didn't really add too much to the sandwich and the fresh jalapenos i am a fan of a sauce mixture suggested by my wife* mixing the cowfish sauce (shrimp sauce?) with some of the chili sauce on the table.The 'seasoned' fries have very very minimal seasoning, basically like Steak n Shake fries.  i'll probably try something different next time, but i'm sure we'll probably be back. The service was very good and being our first visit, the manager did come by and check how things were and gave an appetizer coupon for next time. Yes, the bathroom did have a fun language lesson.They get 3.55 stars in my book. Service and atmosphere were great, extensive menu, but my burger didn't really thrill me, but based on the service and free app to come back, i'm sure i'll like the next thing that i try. *wife takes/gets credit although she never said a word about mixing sauces
5	I could eat sushi every day but unfortunately the hubby doesn't feel the same way.  Cowfish is the perfect place for us since I can get my sushi fix while he can eat regular american cuisine.  Whoever came up with this concept is a genius!  The menu at Cowfish is very extensive including lots of tempting apps, a huge array of typical (and atypical) sushi, burgers, "normal" american entrees (grilled chicken, steak, etc), and plenty of milkshakes and other non-ice cream desserts.We started with a FREE appetizer by becoming a "cowfish junkie" online before dinner.  All you have to do is enter your email address on their website and they'll send you coupons.  We had the blackened ahi tuna nachos.  I thought they were incredible with lots of complementing flavors coming together in a perfect combination.I ordered a double salmon roll and the foreplay roll for dinner.  The sushi description says an 8 piece roll is big enough for an entree and I was a little skeptical.  Turns out, an 8 piece roll was more than enough to fill me up and I had to take 8 pieces home with me.  Each piece of the roll is huge and hard to fit in your mouth in one bite.  I would highly recommend asking for it to be cut into 10 pieces to avoid any awkwardness.  Both rolls were stuffed with fresh salmon and other ingredients and were delicious!  The sushi was definitely comparable to what you'd get at a Japanese restaurant.The decor was modern cool with all red walls, black ceiling, and bright, colorful pop art on the walls.  This place could double as a decent date spot or a cool place to hang with some friends.  If you're cold-natured like me try not to sit next to the large garage-style retractable doors in the winter.  It gets a little breezy.Our waiter was excellent and he gave good recommendations for each section of the menu.  That was quite helpful and practically everything we ordered came from his recommendations.  At the end of our meal the manager came over to introduce himself and he gave us 2 more FREE appetizer coupons!  If I hadn't been sold already the extra free stuff would've won me over for sure.
5	My family is a hardcore Eez Fusion fan so we were overly excited when we were told the sushi we love would be coming to Southpark which is literally across the street from us. We finally went in to try it out last week on Thursday. We ended up having to wait for over an hour to get a seat, but the food was well worth it! The service was extra fast too, our sushi came out in less than what seems like 10-15 minutes. Their sushi is the exact replica of Eez Fusion. Loved it!! The great thing about Cowfish Burger and Eez Fusion is that their sushi rolls are so HUGE you really only need to order one roll and will have to take two bites instead of one. But of course we always go overboard and order two rolls each. Although the bill is never exciting to look at the quality of the food was well worth it!!We're going to try a burger next time and I'll be back to give my ratings on that! :)
4	Perfect restaurant! Has a mixture of food to satisfy everyone. Burgers are great and the sushi is fantastic.
4	Cowfish is one of those rare restaurants that is able to take two random food groups (burgers and sushi) and meld them in such a way that once you've been, you can't seem to remember why you thought it was so random in the first place. I'll base my review on the two times I've dined there - once for lunch and once for dinner. Here's the scoop:Be sure to get a reservation. This place is constantly slammin' and each time I went there was a long wait (an hour for lunch and 2.5 hours for dinner). Good thing we thought to call ahead or I would not have had the chance to indulge....The decor is interesting. Everything from the red walls to the cartoon art to the voiceover in the bathroom translating sayings...all eye catching and very entertaining.Parking is not a problem. You may have to head over to the parking deck, but it's not too far of a walk.Service is great. Our server was very informative, attentive, and friendly both times we dined. The manager came over when we went to lunch, and since it was my boyfriend's first time, gave us a coupon for a free appetizer for our next visit. That's a great way to keep people coming back.The food is phenomenal (and good luck narrowing it down with that crazy large menu). In terms of appetizers, I've had the crab rangoon dip and the coconut onion rings - both of which I'd have again. But if you're only going for one, get the dip - not low fat by any stretch, but totally worth it. I've had the tropical storm roll and the mango tango roll as entrees - both of which were some of the best sushi I've had - but ask them to slice into 10 pieces instead of 8 - when sliced into 8, the pieces are just way too big. My boyfriend had a burger and has been talking about going back ever since. We also got a chocolate and a mint chocolate milk shake to go and they were so thick that we had to wait a bit for the ice cream to melt to really enjoy them (as all milkshakes should be, in my humble opinion). The drink menu is also very extensive and I can't wait to go back to try some of their martinis. And all prices are reasonable for the location and sheer amount of food you are given.Ultimately, you're missing out if you don't try Cowfish. Just make sure to call early for a reservation (I know, I know - I said that before, but I don't see the wait times dwindling any time in the near future).
4	I love this place! I miss the Counter, but this is definitely a welcome addition to the South Park area.I ate here in late December and it was packed. My friend and I ate at the bar, because the wait for a table was so long. We had 4 regular sushi rolls, and a burgushi roll. I personally didn't care for the burgushi, but we felt we had to try it. The other rolls we had were delicious. They brought us the wrong mango roll, so we said something and they gave us the one we ordered for free.This is a great place to go for dinner when you have a diverse group, since they have a little bit of everything. They have amazing sushi, a huge menu of burger options, as well as fork & knife dinners for more traditional diners. I can't wait to visit again!
4	Do you like giant hamburgers? Do you like fantastically fresh and creative sushi? Do you like a page long craft brew list in the $3-$4 range? Do you like a giant picture of Japanese Elvis watching you eat? If so, then Cowfish is for you.If not...we probably shouldn't hang out.We showed up on a Saturday afternoon and there was about a 25 minute wait so I can only imagine what dinner sans reservation would be like. The servers were all super friendly, from the bartender who brought our drinks and stopped to shoot the shit about one of the brewery's that he had info on, to the waiter who scooted in with the ladies next to us when taking their orders "so I don't have my butt all in anyone's face". The atmosphere is funky and filled with great pop art, but not so swank that i felt out of place in errand attire.But enough about the frills, you care about the food right? We got a small edamame, which was by no means small ($4), and split three 8-piece Makimono: the spicy tuna roll ($7), the volcanic roll ($13) and the dynamite roll($13). All the fish was very fresh and generously cut. I'm curious to try their burgushi, which is a fusion of land ingredients and sushi form, or sushi ingredients and burger form, depending on what you pick. There was more than enough food to keep us both full until late in the evening, so you get what you pay for, but the menu does get a but pricey if you aren't bargain-conscious (read: cheap).Cowfish is by all means a great sushi place to go for an occasional lunch treat or a special event, but I'm thinking for normal sushi nights, I might stick a little closer to home (and budget).
4	Burgers and sushi? Yes, please!All your favorite sushi creations from sister restaurant, Eez, PLUS delicious burger creations.Trendy restaurant/bar with eccentric decorations, the sushi bar includes built in touch-screen computers with games and other apps--including a button for calling the waiter or a drink menu where you can touch-to-order your next drink.DELICIOUS and creative burgers, you have to try them all! The sweet potato fries are heavenly, and of course--my favorite--you MUST try the Avocado Spring Rolls--the best appetizer they brought from Eez.Lunch? Quick and inexpensive, they have a lunch menu which includes plates that have a slider and a sushi roll, served with your choice of sides and extras like edamame and salad.You can't go wrong with any burger--but I recommend the pimento cheese burger... and get some of those fried jalapenos on the side along with those sweet potato fries. And don't forget your sushi, my favorite? The tropical storm--the classic rainbow roll gets an Eez makeover with beautiful presentation and HUGE flavor. You won't believe your eyes (or your tastebuds). Want an upgrade? Ask for the "Hurricane.' You. Will. Not. Be. Disappointed.And talk about outstanding service--Marcus, one of the owners, is simply wonderful and LOVES to interact with his customers. I love that there  is a survey with every check delivery about your experience--they want your feedback! They really do listen!
5	Ok, now the niche of this restaurant is what Los Angeles is desperately to "cool" to tryThe menu is explained to you and leaves you with a plethora of options to customize your dining experience. Burgushi: Who the hell would have ever thought? I didnt try it because I absolutely fell in LOVE with the Turkey apple brie and cranberry burger which I F$&ked my mouth with twice on my last visit. Its unbelievable to witness the flavor that will burst into your mouth and nearly knock you out of your seat. Fried pickles - my FAV for several reasons but most importantly that I didnt spend the next 5 min extracting vegetable oil from them to eat. Design your own sushi roll = BRILLIANT concept that I have YET to see in any other metropolitan area.The only thing that disappoints me is the location. I mean after all, location is everything and this wonderful gem seems lodged in the gregarious blunder also known as the south park mall. Where people are just bred differently. All in all I promise to visit this place each and EVERY time I return to Charlotte no matter what.P.S. Make sure you wash you hands and LISTEN to the overhead messaged being played. Nothing says HAPPINESS like a little humor before you leave..
4	Holy Cowfish Batman!!!  I stopped in here with a friend earlier tonight to try this place out.  Come to find out there was a two and a half hour wait on a Thursday night?!?!?!  Luckily we were able to grab a couple of seats at the bar and we didn't have to wait.  Just so happens that all Sake is 1/2 price on Thursdays so my friend ordered a bottle and I decided on a glass of white wine that was ok.  The Crab Rangoon dip appetizer is superb to say the least.  Since we were both feeling sushi we decided to split the Moriawase Double Deuce which consists of an 8 piece California Roll, an 8 piece Spicy Tuna Roll and 6 pieces of Nigiri (1 each - tuna, salmon, whitefish, yellowtail, shrimp and kani).  It was all very fresh and tasty!  After we were done we decided to walk next door to Zink for a quick drink at the bar.  To our surprise the bar was basically empty except for Ric Flair and his 20 something girlfriend....Woooooo!
4	Oh Cowfish, you make my heart smile Why you ask? 1) Great service with a nice mix of friendliness, enthusiasm and food knowledge 2) The color red. Red makes people excited and hungry. I like the mind games you play on me Cowfish. 3) They offer Bento boxes for a reasonable price. Don't know if you want a burger or sushi and not completely cold on the burgushi idea? Get the Bento! Comes with the burger of the week, choice of limited selection of sushi rolls, edamame, sweet potato fries and cucumber salad 4) Fabu drink specials. All sake is half off on Thursdays---including the sake sample which was only $6 for five varieties. 5) They put goat cheese on their burgers. Goat cheese = love. 6) Interesting sushi combinations that will please any sushi lover out there 7) Two words-spiked shakes 8) Getting a spiked shake for free when they made one too many 9) Sign up for their email list and you get a free appetizer coupon along with other special offers 10) The vibe and the artwork....modern/pop culture/comic I went to Cowfish for their soft opening and tonight was my first visit back since then. I love the Cowfish since I am a fan of the sushi however this is not a place I would go all the time for sushi. It's a bit pricey for my liking but if you want a nice meal in a hip atmosphere, this is the place for you. Be sure to make reservations--I went tonight and thank God we had a reservation--we heard that the wait was two hours.....on a Thursday night....in Charlotte. They are obviously doing something right.
4	My husband and I dropped in this past Wednesday. 2 hour wait? What? This place must have something worth waiting for. Luckily we were able to grab a spot at the sushi bar (complete with touchscreen ordering system - awesome).  We both tried the bento box and we were both VERY happy. The goat cheese and roasted red pepper slider was divine.  Service is outstanding. Can't wait to go back!
5	How many places do you know that serve sushi, burgers and burgushi (combine them both) in one restaurant? Exactly, none...for that reason Cowfish deserves a 5-star review. They back it up with their great food, menu and service. Been here at least 10 times and it's safe to say I've tried a lot of menu items. I usually sit at the bar because there's always a wait when I get there. Bartenders are knowledgeable and quick with their service. As for the menu. The sushi is really good. Not as good as some specialty sushi restaurants around town, but the rolls are unique and large. Recommendation...ask the rolls to be cut in 10 pieces vs. 8 so they are more manageable. The burgers are really good. This is my favorite part of the place. The Green Monster burger has avocado, pepparjack and jalapenos on it! They're also at least 1/2 pound...big! Choice of sides are abundant, but sweet potato fries are usually the norm. On a recent visit I went with the Ahi Tuna burger, which was very tasty and had a nice Asian slaw on it. But for something unique and light, go with the bento box...definiately for lunch. Comes with 5 sections. Small (4 piece) roll of your choice (think there's 3-4 options), a mini burger of the day, sweet potato fries, edamame and cucumber salad. A little bit of everything for those that can't decide because the menu is so BIG. My only two complaints are 1)the menu itself, as it's so big. Everything Ive had on it has been good, don't get me wrong...you just need a solid 5-10 minutes to look it over, hence the reason for multiple visits and 2) PBR tallboys are $5. From one who loves PBR, this is just a laughable price. I look forward to enjoying the large patio when the weather is warmer. This is the new hot spot of the Southpark area and it's well deserved.
5	Honestly, the deciding factor to try The Cowfish last night was the fact that they serve food until midnight. With the time of our arrival being 11:30pm, I was not expecting the level of service and quality of the food to be as exceptional as it was. We arrived about 11:30 and were fed and happy and out by 12:05. Not even once did we feel rushed. The food came out quickly and it was very tasty.Every interaction with the staff there was exceptional. Our server explained the menu and made great recommendations. From the time we walked in until the time we left, we felt welcomed. Everyone was so friendly. And our drink glasses never got empty. They were on top of our refills before we realized that we were close to being out. Many places bill themselves as "Asian Fusion", but this place truly pushes the "fusion" boundary and explores some fantastic combinations. We found that (unlike many places) the more complicated the sushi/burgushi, the more delicious it was. Be forewarned that each roll is very large. One roll will fill you up easily. Here is the run-down of what we ordered:Sweet & Spicy Pork Potstickers : Slightly spicy balanced with a slightly sweet peanuty sauce. Different and delicious. The Taste Explosion : It's like a great burger in sushi form. This was one of our favorites. The Boss: This was a complicated roll that was fabulous. Spider Roll: very delicious, the crab was cooked perfectly. Spicy Tuna Roll: large roll, simple and wonderful.Needless to say, we ordered waaaaaaay too much. We just had the leftovers for lunch and they are still delicious! We will definitely be going back soon to try the items on the "Burger" side of the menu.
4	After our initial trip to Cowfish we HAD to go back.  This time we made a reservation and decided to bring some out of town guests with us.  We were very impressed when we arrived for our reservation and were immediately taken to our table.  To bad it was the WORST table in the whole restaurant.  We ended up in the very back by the doors leading out to the porch area (apparently they were serving out there also).  We were treated to a blast of cold air each time the doors were opened.  As usual the food and service was phenomenal. But being sandwiched between blasts of cold air and waitstaff bumping our table as they tried to get to the kiosk or kitchen really put a damper on the experience.  We'll certainly be back to Cowfish but we'll just be more specific about our seating choice.
4	Great sushi and burger options. Went here for New Years with a group of 5 and the service was great! Wonderful atmosphere and friendly staff. Love this place!
4	This place would get a 5 for atmosphere and food. However, we waited over 2.5 hrs for a table! Luckily, the owner took very good care of us and we barely paid. Fun place. Would like to go back when it's not a crazy Saturday night. My advice, MAKE RESERVATIONS!
4	We are just in love with the burger bento box!!!A great concept, fun atmosphere, and delicious food!The saki flight was much fun, as we really like trying new things.
4	Went here last week with a friend who is wild about sushi the way I love burgers...and we are soooo fans! I found out about Cowfish from a friend who started working there, and he wasn't exaggerating. We perused the menu online, and decided to give it a go. Since they had been reviewed by Creative Loafing right before, I was expecting heavy traffic, but a 40 minute wait at 8 PM on a Tuesday night was unreal! Be prepared to wait for seating, or sit at the bar.We started with the edamame with some really good draft beer; then build-your-own sushi apps for her (she likes eel), a caribbean roll for me... and on to the main course! Burgers and sushi were excellent, and the creme brule' was incredible too. I really liked the beer selection, and that was a definite plus.My only gripe was the cold draft from the often-open door that has no vestibule. Nice that there was a hostess to open said door and greet us; bad that so many people decide to linger in the open doorway on a cold night. I'll bet the same issue will occur on hot, sultry nights with the AC in the summer. Maybe they will be able to address this. Maybe next time I will sit as far away from the door as I can!
4	Now here is a new winner.  Great presentation and great food.  The noise level is a bit high, but I understand they have some fixes coming for that.  The menu is very extensive and original.  Service levels are high.  The technology on the bar (built in i-pad like devices) is very original -- and it works.  Eat your lunch while reading the newspaper beneath your plate. Or play a game while waiting for the food. Decor, and the entire concept are fresh, and to top it off, they have their own shuttle bus from the mall to the out-parcel where they are located. Parking was open very close to the restaurant the day I had lunch there. So that was a plus over competing places as well.
5	Vey unique, very good food, excellent service. Milkshakes are pretty awesome. Reservations are a good idea. I have dined here twice and I will be going back. Good vibe about Cowfish!!!
3	I've had to ponder this review for quite some time now. I'm a fan, but for select things:1. I appreciate the thought and personality of this restaurant. It produces a highly stimulating experience: from the gadgets and screen ordering to the educational language lesson in the bathroom. 2. The decor has been well thought and executed. Branding gets an A+...from chopstick wrappings to the wall art.3. Milkshakes...mmmm! Tuna nachos...wow! I could live off those two items alone. While the above items are a big turn on, the turn offs leave me feeling mixed. During the soft opening, the service was excellent (to be expected). My next visit, the server seemed less than thrilled and then especially when I handed over a living social deal. Turn off indeed and left a lasting impression. While the tuna nachos and milkshakes make me swoon, the sushi is large and in charge, but average. However, the burgers are good. The menu, like others have noted, is like a novel. Plan to spend the first 10 minutes reading all they have to offer. Since I haven't returned due to the discomfort my husband and I felt with the last service experience, I will still most likely will go back to get a milkshake and tuna nacho fix that only Cowfish can provide.
4	Ventured into Cowfish for dinner on Tuesday and had a great experience.  It was bustling, especially for a Tues night, so we had to wait 15 min for a table.  It was a good time to do some people watching and peruse the environment.  The decor is polished and hip - could fall on either side of the casual / fine dining line.  There is a huge fish tank, good lighting, and interesting - sometimes comic - art on the walls.  The crowd was young, lots of 20 somethings versus the business dinner crowd.As for the food...  There is a huge menu and it is slightly overwhelming.  Their sushi rolls are giant, eclectic, and are pretty good.  I shared some sushi with my dining mates and then opted for the bento box - which basically allows you to sample the highlights of their menu.  It included a little burger (tasty), sweet potato fries (very good), sushi (delicious), a spicy cucumber salad (rockin), and some edamame.  Great meal!Plan on spending approximately $25 per person with food and a modest beer.  Not too bad for good atmosphere and fun food.Our waitress was friendly and helpful in navigating us through the menu.  There was an error in one of our sides and a little delay in it coming out - though no complaints from us - so the manager stopped by to apologize and comped the bill.  Outstanding customer service!
4	I had a pleasant experience here last night. The atmosphere was fun and the server was attentive. I had the Tuna Tini appetizer and the Eel Dragon Roll and both were very very good. I had the Plum Sake and though it was delicious I feel there was actually very little alcohol in it. But overall i enjoyed my time here and I would defiantly go here again.
5	So I don't normally give out five stars, but really, what the hell do you have to compare Cowfish to?  Nothing.  There is nothing out there in the Southeast that I know of that is coming even close to this place.  Being from Atlanta where the burger craze is in full swing, this place puts some of our burger spots to shame.  Did I mention the sushi is bad-ass?I mean, even if you know of a place in Charlotte to get better sushi, or burgers, or milkshakes, or Burgushi (doesn't exist anywhere else, seriously), or tea, or cocktails, or good wine, you can't get them all under one roof like this place does!Was only in Charlotte for a couple of days, and I had to come twice just because I would have felt bad if I came here any less..  The menu is huge!  It would take you at least a couple of years dining  casually at this place to even try half of the menu.Burgers I had were great and cooked perfectly.  Sushi rolls, although expensive, were awesome.  Burgushi, was strange but good and I would try it again.  Milkshake was tasty.  Didn't have a chance to try the "adult" milkshakes that contained booze, but I'll have one next time.  Seaweed salad was one of the best I've ever had.These guys are booked pretty solid for dinner, best bet is the bar if you can't get a table.  Less crowded for lunch, but not by much.  In a great part of town that had a great little community.  Man, I didn't realize that Charlotte was such a foodie town, I'll be back for sure.
5	Burgers, sushi, Burgushi, alcohol, milkshakes, and milkshakes with alcohol = LOVE. This . Place.King's Roll, The longhorn, Capicola High-Rolla, + mini's = pure Win.I also loved the decor and the recordings in the restrooms - very clever. I won't spoil it for you, just go wash your hands before you leave and listen carefully. :)
4	Three words of advice if dining here on a weekend night: make a reservation. Because my group did not, our wait was 1:45 as relayed by the hostess. We hoped she was bluffing.Nevertheless, my first impression of this burger-meets-sushi-and-more place was positive. Service was prompt and attentive despite her responsibility for several other large tables, and the atmosphere is lively and casual-hip, if not a little loud (but again, it was a weekend night).We loved the blackened ahi tuna nacho appetizer, and my entree--eight Miss Moffitt's rolls--was enough to have me leaving full and happy. More words of advice with regard to the latter: not for the dainty eater. These are gargantuan rolls, and unless you go fork-and-knife you're going to have to be comfortable with no-shame facial contortion and chubby cheeks.One of my dining companions loved his C.B.C.L.T. burger, and I was eyeing the Green Monster before opting for sushi--perhaps worth a try another time when I'm in the mood for a patty.  Oh, and the menu is a novelette, so you'll probably need a little time with it as a newbie diner.The wine menu was average, though the specialty drink and dessert menus had some interesting selections--so maybe next time (when I'll be sure to make a reservation).
4	My husband had visited Cowfish once and helpfully warned me that the menu was bordering on bible-length, so I did us all a favor and studied up before coming. We came at 5:30 on a Sunday night and while it was not yet slammed, I could tell that it was about to get crazy. What tipped me off? Wait for it...Our server gave us outstanding recommendations- I ordered the ahi nachos (slathered with their insanely good crab rangoon dip) and the Firecracker Roll (tempura shrimp and kani with raw fish on top and ponzu sauce), my husband had the bento box with Mark's roll (deep-fried tuna roll with jalapenos and cream sauce). I love sushi, I've spent many years and countless dollars in pursuit of sushi deliciousness. So many places try very hard to be inventive with their sushi menus- Cowfish was successful. Everything we had was excellent quality, generous in portion, and fun. I do think they could make everyone's life easier and cut 25% of their menu off (at least!)- I seriously wonder if this contributes to the long wait times. But overall, food is killer.Our server, though great with suggestions, beverage refills, etc gave me the worst feeling from the second we sat down that we wanted us to hurry up, eat, and leave. Or possibly he was just tragically over-caffinated. The impression that he wanted us to leave was heightened by the bizarre move of taking the empty beverage glass and replacing it with TWO full glasses of lemonade. That is just weird, dude. I should note that we sat down and ordered almost immediately and didn't linger in the slightest- mostly because I felt that he might freak if we did. Kidding. We had to leave for a movie.So in parting, LOVE Cowfish food. Can't wait to eat it again. Servers might want to mellow out slightly.
5	Cowfish has solidified a spot as one of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte.  We've had great service every time we come here.  I still love the sushi rolls with the double salmon being one of the tastiest.  I've tried several of the appetizers and they're all delicious!  We just had the crab rangoon dip today and it was wonderful!  Their desserts sound amazing but I'm always so full from the meal I haven't been able to try any.The only thing I don't like about Cowfish is how busy it gets.  We just make it a rule to come for lunch so we miss all the dinner-time craziness.  I've heard talk of 2 hour waits in the evenings without reservations (including weekdays).  Hopefully the opening of their outdoor seating area will help cut down on the long line of hungry diners.  We sat outside today and it was pleasant even with the chilly temps.  It is completely enclosed with a tent and they have tall propane heaters for temp control.
4	Ok!!  So I was going ot give this place a 5 star but taking away a star because....  of this. We check out this place a few weeks after is opened. By the way FABULIUS PLACE EXCELLENT CONCEPT ITS GENIUS I TELL YA!!!  However, the managment made a critical mistake thye were so worried about packing the people in but didnt worry abut or think about the service and the manpower cna sustain the people thye packed into the plae so my service was HORRIBLE..  Which was a HUGE DISSAPOINTMENT. Never the less I thik since they are almost over there opening stages and got all the kinks out I am defitnely willing to go back and give it another try because honestly they shouldnt worry abut people not coming ot the establishment I mean come on this menu is GENIUS!!  One thing that I thought that was funny and annoying at he same time was the restroom would play a CD of random quotes from different languages. its pretty funny.  Ok off of my side note now on to the food. 1. Sushi:  AMAZING..  However I feel they need to have more traditional sushi not this americanized CRSP with jalapenos and cream cheese its gross to be honest but whatever to each their own right?  2. Burgers: Awesome!  The jalapeno bacon they put on the burgers are really cool and tasty.  3. Drinks: Good wish they had al ittle kick to them but I like ,my drinks strong though.
5	Alright, so we've been back several times now and it really has grown on me. i've now had the burgushi (Taste Explosion Roll) twice and it is really good and honestly is a unique mix/"explosion" of taste with beef, jalapeno, cheese, bacon, spicy sauce, inside a sushi roll with a Roma tomato on top. i can finally feel like a cool sushi eater without holding back my gag reflex or pretending i enjoy the texture of raw salmon in my mouth. Don't forget to ask for 10 pieces instead of 8. Last time i nearly choked and seriously burgushied all over the table when i started laughing right after shoving the huge roll in my mouth.The appetizers we've had have all been good. My favorite was the potstickers which i don't see on their online menu at the moment? The crab rangoon dip was also good and the Sweets, Sticks and Strings seem like a steal for $5 to split. Sidenote: We also really liked the wanton soup that was not available today unfortunately. We got there just before the lunch crowd and enjoyed the closed in/covered patio with heaters. They definitely have a great outdoor space come spring. We'll definitely keep coming back and if you're visiting us from out of town, start studying the menu because we'll be taking you there before you leave.
4	Being over two hours from the coast, I was worried I wouldn't find good sushi in Charlotte. Boy, was I wrong! I came to Cowfish with an open mind and left with an empty plate. I came here first with my family. We started with edamame. You might think it's hard to mess up steamed soy beans, but I've been to many places that just can't seem to get it right. Cowfish served up some delicious edamame. We then split three rolls (Miss Moffitt, Marks Roll and Tropical Storm) The fusion sushi rolls are expensive, but keep in mind they are entree size. Each one was better than the next. The tuna was fresh, and the ingredients in each one complemented the fish but did not overpower to roll itself. I came here again with my husband and had an equally good experience. i will be back again to try some burgushi!
3	Our sever Kevin was Great! He was very excited about the food which in turn makes me excited! They have one of the longest greetings due to the lengthy menu and make sure you know what they're all about. I personally would not be able to do the speech they have without stopping for a water break! We came in last night tried to call ahead and get a reservation but they had stopped taking them at the time and said they were not on a wait at that time and to head on in. So we had planned that if it was crazy busy and a long wait we would just go somewhere else in the area. Lucky for us we got right in and sat on the patio! Kevin had recommended the Ahi tuna Nachos to start so we did....they were kinda whatever, bland, Tuna was not very good and they stuck plain (not dressed) micro-greens on top a huge pet-peeve of mine! We then ordered the rest of our meal I started with the spinach salad with a warm bacon vinaigrette it was ok. They then shortly (1min later) followed it up with our entrees :(  I had the Shroom Burger with grilled onions on a brioche roll...was ok. the Shrooms had a very strange taste to them just different. I did however trust Kevin again and ordered them with the Sweet Potato fries and they were excellent just as Kevin said they'd be!! I tried my sisters (Tracy D.) Sushi Roll Mango something that was good. My BF had the Bento Box, again just ok.So I would say we had an OK meal nothing special and nothing that really makes me want to go back either. Kevin said they are the hottest restaurant in Charlotte right now...but are they??
5	Once again impressed had 18 of my co workers meet me at Cowfish they all were impressed awesome food all around service was awesome could not have asked for more. Good job Cowfish
4	Took my other half here for my return trip. I again had the Caribbean Roll app, and he had the crab rangoon dip- both excellent! Our main course was burgushi- I went for Dougs' Filet Rolls and was soooo very happy- they were as rare as I like 'em! He had the What's Shakin Tuna Bacon and I heard nary a complaint. Hell, all I heard was his moans of delight! I may be jealous! Our desserts were awesome as well- we had chocolate in all its glory, mousse for him, cake for me. Neither of us could finish, but oh, what an effort!Sadly, the beer I wanted was out of stock, so I was forced to try another selection, but oh happy day-it was very, very good! Terrapin is now on my short list of breweries to look for.The service was quite good, very attentive without being intrusive. Our waiter was training another who was "following" and if the newbie paid attention, he'll be *just fine*, too.This time, we were seated at the other end of the restaurant, near the patio doors. Thankfully no one in their right mind wanted to sit out there, so no opening of the door and arctic blasts... but this is obviously an issue that needs to be addressed. This is the sole reason this and the last review didn't get 5 stars.My advice? Go thou hence, and sample.
4	What a fun concept!  Strangely enough, my husband and I had gone out for sushi only a couple of days before hearing of this place..and he had asked why no one makes meat sushi.  Enter Cowfish!  Everything we ate was really delicious...we got a burger, some burgushi, and the Motherload sushi plate.  Yum yum yum.  Fresh and tasty!The decor was fun, it was a nice atmosphere in general.  I think it's funny that they have one employee whose purpose is to open the door for customers.
4	Another Yelpy Hour I forgot to write about - this one is only from December of last year though.  Getting better, right?This time we were packed in around the bar, and that corner was tight.  If I were cooler, I could say that "tight" meant that it was happening, or whatever tight means these days when the hip kids say it.  But tight in this case really meant tight because there were so many people jammed into such a small space - throw in everyone trying to get to their seats and the servers trying to get to them and it was off-the-hook tight.Overall the mood was hopping, though, and the staff at the Cowfish really kept things jumping, with plate after plate (after plate after plate) of their signature sushi coming out to whet our appetites.  This is not your typical Chinese buffet sushi - this is some fancy stuff, and it did not disappoint.  I am not a sushi expert by any means, and I actually quite enjoyed it, my favorite was probably the burgers tho.I guess that means I preferred the front end (the cow) to the back end (the fish) if I had to choose, but it was actually all tasty.
1	UPDATE:  The bulk of my original review is listed below.  However, folks from the restaurant reached out to me.  They wanted to talk to me about my experience and to try to make things right.  Well, I genuinely appreciate the fact that they are TRYING to improve.  I am not interested in getting special treatment from folks at a restaurant, so what I plan to do is visit Cowfish for dinner and report back.  But, kudos to management for paying attention to Yelp.Original Review:I haven't done this before - I am writing a review (a brief one) of a restaurant where I have not had the food.  I went to Cowfish this afternoon with my girlfriend.  We walked in the door at 12:30... this is a Saturday afternoon in South Park mind you.  The restaurant is basically empty (although the outdoor seating was quite full).  We are told it will be a short wait for a table.  What????  A short wait for a table?  I can, literally, see twenty tables that ARE TOTALLY EMPTY.  On top of this, the hostess managed to give us attitude while simultaneously creating the most grammatically tortured sentence ever spoken by a human being.  We waited, hoping to be seated at one of their empty tables, and after five minutes of being ignored, we left.  The woman who served in the obligatory chain restaurant role " I have no real purpose other than to open the door and smile at you" - was actually silly enough to tell us to "enjoy the rest of our afternoon".  Well, we did enjoy the rest of our afternoon - and things got off to a great start by leaving.
5	Awesome....the first stop for great sushi and the burgers are very good too....service was top notch too! Ask for benjamin ...awesome service
4	This place is great!  Such an interesting mix of foods.  I ordered one of the combination boxes with a small burger and part of a sushi roll with edamame, sweet potato fries, and some cucumber.  It was A LOT of food, and pretty reasonably priced.  Also, the Crab Rangoon Dip really is AMAZING.One thing I didn't love, it was pretty busy and service was a little slow.  I understand that you are really busy but it was a Tuesday night and it sounds like they are ALWAYS busy so they should be able to handle it by now, in my opinion. It was fun to sit at the sushi bar and play with the interactive menus and the games.
3	So, after exchanging a couple of e-mails with someone from the management team at Cowfish, I made an effort to visit the restaurant.  You can read about my initial experience in my first review.  However, the person from the management team provided a reasonable explanation for why they are reluctant to seat too many patrons at one time (they don't want to overwhelm the kitchen staff and compromise the food quality).  Moreover, the person I exchanged e-mails with was very interested in making sure that my future experiences at Cowfish would be really good.  He even wanted to send me a gift card to compensate me for the inconvenience from last Saturday.  I turned down the offer for the gift card and the offer for "special" treatment.  I feel that a restaurant should do a good job of attending to everyone - not just folks who have complained.  But, I give the management a TON of credit for working so hard to make this restaurant successful.  With that as an introduction, here's the scoop on Cowfish.  The food was really good.  Surprisingly good, actually.  I ordered a cucumber appetizer with sweet and spicy sauce, and then I ordered two rolls.  One roll was a specialty roll - Mark's Roll - and the other was from their "Burgushi" menu.  All three items were excellent.  The appetizer was huge, and very reasonably priced.  The sauce/dressing on the cucumbers was tangy and spicy, yet it wasn't too heavy or too hot.  The special roll - Mark's roll - was fantastic.  It had jalapeno, tuna, cream cheese and a bunch of other items.  The roll was flash fried and served with a spicy sauce on the top.  The "burgushi" roll was called "Doug's Filet".  Basically, it was a Philly roll covered with filet mignon (seared slightly, but still very raw).  This roll was huge, and it was very heavy.  However, it was also very tasty.  I didn't like this roll quite as much as Mark's Roll, but it was still an item I would order again.  My girlfriend also ordered a sushi roll - from the "make your own" menu - as well as a Cowfish bento box.  The Cowfish box contains a mini burger, a small roll, and some side items.  It's a great deal for $11.   I was surprised to find that Cowfish is actually a good value.  The rolls I ordered were $14, but they were huge.  Two of them left me absolutely stuffed.  (In fact, I couldn't finish all of the food I was given.)  With the appetizer, three beers, the bento box, and three rolls our tab was $72.  Not bad at all for Charlotte.A few last comments... Cowfish is really, really noisy.  The atmosphere is fun, but it isn't a place for an intimate conversation. And, unfortunately, the service still isn't great.  The folks we interacted with were very kind and helpful.  (Which was not the case last Saturday.)  However, the restaurant is so popular right now that they are struggling with some basic issues.  We waited almost ten minutes to get our first beers.  Our server was VERY apologetic.  He said the back up was due to it being half priced martini night.  That's not a very compelling excuse, though.  They know in advance that it is half priced martini night.  They know they are very popular right now.  It's important to have enough staff to serve all of the customers in a timely fashion.  At the end of the meal our server - an incredibly nice guy - seemed to go AWOL.  I think that this was due to his waiting on the manager to come by to visit us as first time customers.  It's nice that the manager checks in with first time customers (even giving out a coupon for a free appetizer on the next visit), but I value my time more than I value a free appetizer.  I was tired and I was ready to go.  Yet, we didn't have our bill.  I would give Cowfish 3.5 stars right now.  I suspect that the service will improve over time, and I can easily imagine it becoming a 4 star restaurant.  I certainly look forward to going back.
3	The first time I went here service was excellent and the waitress was happy to walk me through the giant menu and give me some nice recommendations.    Sadly the second time we went service was poor, they were training someone new and didn't seem very happy about it. My water glass was empty for about half the meal. I would have poured a refill myself but they forgot about the refill bottle that they set out for us last time also. It left a pretty bad impression on my company which is a shame because the food was great.
5	I visited Cowfish for lunch with a friend a couple of weeks ago and was initially overwhelmed by the menu, but the waitress was super helpful and extremely patient while I mulled over the options.  I finally settled on the Tropical Storm Roll Lunch special with the Seaweed Salad.  I can't believe I've never had seaweed salad before!!!  It was so good that now I have had it about 5 times from various places in the past couple of weeks.  Anyway... the sushi was wonderful!  The fish tasted very fresh and the wasabi and ginger didn't taste cheap and generic like most other places.  After our meal, the manager/owner? came out and spoke with us and invited us back.  Very pleasant experience.  And again, the seaweed salad... best I've had... crave it all the time.  I went back a couple of days ago and had the same thing along with the avocado and crab summer rolls.  They were delicious too, and the fish on the Tropical Storm roll was cut so thickly I couldn't eat the pieces in one bite, but had to take 2 or 3.
3	ah, i remember the good ole days when i was able to walk in to the cowfish sans reservation and get seated in a reasonable amount of time.if last thursday night is any indication, it looks like that kind of a lark won't be happening again soon.  when a joint demands weekday reservations, you know it's hit it big.around the time the restaurant first opened in the space formally occupied by "the counter" and "the grape", i was somewhat concerned that a restaurant with this kind of concept would not catch on in an economy with high demands and sullen creativity.in this instance, i'm more than happy to be wrong.the combination of sushi and burgers isn't the first thing one thinks of when trying to make suggestions for dinner, but i've got to admit, it sure is memorable.alas, i've also got to admit that the burgers are much better than the sushi.  after trying several different rolls and an assortment of burgers, i feel pretty confident in saying that nikko on south boulevard still retains the queen city sushi crown.  the fish on the caterpillar roll at the cowfish was not as fresh as it could have been, the nigiri was just okay, and my moriawase double deuce (sushi combination platter) did not compete well with my husband's boursin burger.  it's not that the sushi sucked - it's just that the burgers stood out more.  the only exception to that rule appears to be the make-your-own-sushi roll.  my veganish friends fell in love with their own vegetable concoction that was surprisingly awesome, if i do say so myself.the sweet potato fries rocked, and i fell completely for the blackened ahi tuna nachos . . . even as i write those words, my mind drifts into a momentary recollection of their avocado-laced deliciousness.  i'm convinced that the individual who first paired tuna with avocado must now be a chef in the kitchen upstairs.  in terms of burgers, i've really enjoyed the aforementioned boursin burger, loved the cbclt, and thought the mediterranean lamb burger was fabulous.the vibe is solidly modern at the cowfish, if a bit quirky.  i think the owners thought they needed to embrace as much odd as possible in a joint with such a unique concept.  visit the w.c. and hear the strangest malarkey in an array of languages . . . making you tilt your head and think "wtf?".  honestly, i thought it was just as charming as the cute rendition of "guernica" arranged on a bloodred wall (complete with the requisite "cowfish").save for one occasion at the beginning where it took an absolutely ridiculous amount of time to receive our food, the service has been very solid.  on that occasion in question, i will say that one of the owners came to our table to personally apologize for the delay.  i always wonder why it is that other owners/managers don't showcase the same level of concern - it absolutely makes a world of difference.hell, we went back (with ten other people) . . .. . . and we will definitely go again.
3	There are better places to get sushi in Charlotte and likewise with the burgers. The 'something for everyone concept' works and I like the decor so I give it 3 stars because when the food is warm, timely and well cooked it's a nice place to have a drink, grab a burger and shake or some americanized sushi.However, the problem with Cowfish is that they are consistently off the mark, whether its one thing or a combination of things I list some of the negatives in the half dozen times we've visited: cold burgers, cold fries, bad sushi, slow service, rude service, over cooked food, long hair in a burger, wrong orders... need I go on. After giving this place multiple chances to put right any 'newly opened' glitches, my friends and I have given up and stopped visiting. That's a shame because we all live within walking distance and used to visit a lot.The place is always very busy so I hope for the sake of the southpark village area businesses and residents that other patrons are not experiencing what we have.
4	I guess 3rd time's the charm! I put in a reservation for 6:45 on a Sunday after getting convinced to come. We were seated right away, food came out right on time. At first I felt the drink prices were a little high but they are ridiculously strong. And depending on the day they have pretty decent drink specials.Our server Steven was an awesome help and tipped me off to some great things on the menu, along with being super friendly. I noticed that they also have hired more people to clear plates, and refill drinks, I like that. I'm inclined to think that the bad service last time was just a fluke and it seems like they do listen to customer concerns. Definitely recommended and I plan on returning often here for my sushi fix as it is super fresh!
4	3.5-4 stars... come on yelp, we need half-stars! I am curious about burgushi - but I cannot say I've tried it...maybe next time. Went with a group of three and started with the crab rangoon dip appetizer. I wasn't a huge fan honestly - it was a bit too milky and the way the crab was cut (in strips) made it difficult to eat- I prefer the original version I suppose. We then split the R&R, a make your own - and a server recommendation - I believe it was a Dynamite ? - I could be wrong. All three were tasty although I still like Nikko a tad better...in terms of  taste of sushi overall and convenience factor. - I will say I seriously choked at one point even though we did ask for the sushi to be cut smaller,  I am afraid of what it would be had I not. Our service was outstanding - she did a great job at making sure our experience was fantastic! half-price wine on Wednesday evenings - can't beat that! Just make sure you make a reservation.Also- check out the bathroom (as many have mentioned) it's pretty hilarious. 3 half-price bottles of wine (don't judge) later and meal was about $30 per person ...not too shabby.
3	I was in Charlotte for work and luckly I had a car to be able to venture out to places not near my hotel.  I ended up at the mall and walking around trying to find something to eat that wasnt a chain and I found Cowfish.  The name of course drew me to the place and who doesnt like the thought of burgers and sushi?I walked in and it was really busy so I asked if I could sit at the bar.  They were prompt with getting me a menu and a drink.  It was my first time there and was a little overwhelmed with the menu but had to navigate it myself since the staff didnt offere to recommend or help me navigate through.  I really wanted a burger and a sushi roll but when I asked my waitress she said it would be way too much food so I decided to have a "texas" burger.  The wait wasnt long and the food wasnt bad.  After mid-way through I told myself I should have gotten the sushi.My only complaint was the staff at the bar.  I had 3 different people waiting on me and had my diet coke only filled once.  My main waitress didnt talk to me much as she was too busy talking to the guy from L.A. next to me the whole time!  All in all it wasnt a bad experience but I suggest if you want a little more 1on1 time with your waiter/waitress you better wait for a table and not sit at the bar.
4	The sushi was fresh, but the selection was limited as is to be expected I suppose if you're not on the coast (especially the west coast where the sushi is unmatched). Anyway....the sushi was delicious and they had white tuna which was very tasty. I definitely feel that this is one of the best sushi places in Charlotte. When we ate there it was a very busy night so we sat at the sushi bar. Fun with touch screen games and menu ordering options, definitely something different. The server was certainly a bright spot of the experience. She was so friendly and outgoing and was on the ball with service and any help we needed. One shortcoming was she was very unfamiliar with the menu and any seasonal and fresh fish they currently had in stock. This is probably not her fault as the restaurant is new and apparently very busy, I think she may not have received the proper training. No worries though, because her wonderful personality more than made up for it, and she made a great recommendation for a roll. It was the Rising Sun roll and was scallops on the inside and yellow fin tuna on the outside topped with masago and tobigo......Delicious! I highly recommend this place for an excellent sushi experience.
5	It was my last meal in Charlotte this go 'round, after another extended 5-day weekend visiting my parents, and I knew I really wanted something different before leaving. Having eaten my fill of Southern style specialties while staying at home with them, my radar began blinking frantically when I did a quick search for new (relatively) places in Charlotte since my last visit. Having worked in the area for many years selling wine I had already been to most of the more unique spots in the city, and then I stumbled upon what surely had to be a typo...The Cowfish Sushi Burger Bar? Ummm, what? Then, my mind flashed to my last trip here over Christmas and some shopping that was done at South Park mall. I recalled riding past a place with a burger and sushi on the awning, and my immediate reaction at the time was a similar "what the hell?" Well, nothing more had to be said. I didn't even have to pull up the menu to know this would be my destination for lunch.When we arrived at our destination, which you would likely never find if you weren't specifically looking for it, it was a bit past prime lunch hours (somewhere between 1 and 1:30), but the restaurant was still surprisingly hopping for a Monday afternoon. I passed up the chance to eat outside, as you have no idea what the patio space looks like upon entering. This was a mistake, not because the inside was bad, but because after I saw the nice large patio adjacent a beautiful fountain I really wanted to be eating out there. Sitting inside did offer a vantage point of the strange and humorous wall art, half mocking half embracing the fusion of burger and sushi, along with an enormous fish tank and easy access to our server. A quick trip to the restroom revealed another of Cowfish's oddities, a foreign language "learn to speak Japanese" track playing, combined with what could only be described as "learn to speak Redneck" version. Hearing the cute little J-pop voice followed by Cletus was certainly a shock, and I made another visit before leaving just to make sure I wasn't hallucinating (and I had to rinse an obscene amount of grease from my beard).The real reason for coming here though is obviously the strange mix of food offered on the enormous menu. First are the appetizers, some of the best meal starters I've seen offered. This isn't your typical "hey let's fry something or add cheese to it" type of appetizer. They're all well thought out and incorporate a breadth of flavor profiles. Then you've got a page full of burger options, followed by several pages of very creative sushi rolls, and finally their signature item, a combination of burger and sushi they've deemed burgushi. It sounds like something the bumbling idiot Fabio from Top Chef would pronounce, but the concept is actually quite appealing when you see the menu descriptions.I began with a couple appetizers, hoping my mom would assist me in eating them so I would have room for a burger, and the "Mother Load" roll, which features a piece of every fish on their menu in one hell of a creative presentation. I wound up eating both of them by myself though, so I had to cut out the sushi. I started with the blackened Ahi tuna nachos, which are wonton chips topped with crab Rangoon dip, pico de gallo and avocado and some seared tuna. I thought the quality of everything in this item was superb, although the crab dip definitely overtook the flavor of the tuna. It really benefitted from just a few drops of added Sriracha to help balance all the flavors. Next up I dove into the Caribbean summer rolls, which have boiled shrimp, lettuce, mint, mango, cucumber and chive, and when combined with their spicy peanut sauce they were actually some of the best spring rolls I have ever had, anywhere. The size was huge too, definitely worth the $9 price tag if you're debating which appetizer to order.In between the appetizers and our burgers came the only real faux pas of the meal by Cowfish, and that was actually delivering our burgers just minutes after our appetizers had arrived. I had eaten literally one and a half of the big nachos, and not even begun on the rolls, when both our burgers were brought out. I decided not to complain and just go along with it, mixing bites from everything at once, but then I bit into my burger and realized that the medium rare I had requested was actually medium well, and produced no juice whatsoever. This I had to say something about, and it was promptly remedied by the chef, and comp'ed off the ticket by the manager. 1) Businesses take note, that's how you take care of a customer. 2) Yelpers take note, that's how you correct an error without bitching about it and deducting stars.As for the actual burger, I went with the Arnold Hamandegger (self explanatory), and when properly done was wonderfully juicy, with just the right amount of egg yolk seeping over the bacon and ham. The "Cowfish sauce" was pretty tasty too, and the sweet potato fries were cooked perfectly.
4	The seaweed salad and the 2 rolls I had were very good. The place is a bit loud and on the pricey side for Charlotte.
5	Sushi and Burgers, what an awesome idea! I love the beautiful saltwater tank at the bar. It has 3 or 4 cowfishes in it which are really cool. Even in the restrooms, the soundtrack playing is a "learn how to translate Japanese to Cowboy phrases" CD. LOL, very humorous idea!This place always has a lively atmosphere and their sushi is really good and fresh. My favorite item is the Blackened Tuna BLT. It is an absolutely glorious burger. Ive probably ordered it 4 times already. With one of the times that I ordered it to go from the bar, the bartender forgot about it and it ended up getting cold. I did end up waiting close to 30 minutes for the order but even without asking, the bartender placed another order for the burger, gave me free soft drinks at the bar, and comped my meal. This really was the icing on the cake for this place. Highly recommended.
5	I had been eager to try this restaurant before it was even open and I saw the sign for Cowfish (Burgers & Sushi) and I thought to myself "wow, I wonder how this is going to work" But despite some initial skepticism, my curiosity along with the slew of great reviews won me over. My date and I went on a Thursday evening so I knew it would be busy (I called ahead and they didn't have any reservations) so I braced my company for a 15-30 mins wait on a table and we waited on the bench outside with a pager. We waited about a good 40 mins and other than the hostess asking if we wanted to sit at the bar (which we turned down) our pager never went off although we saw several groups of folks leaving so we finally just went inside again and of course it turns out there was space now and the pager was had didn't alert us :-( but once we finally got seated things started picking up. We had new waiter being helped by a veteran serving us and she gave a pretty long spill to cover the menu (which is pretty vast) took us a few minutes to digest it all which gave us time to enjoy our martinis and the ambience. I was torn between the Aronald Hamegger & the La Rose Sushi Roll  (ended up going with the latter) which was a shrimp based fusion.  My date went with the four play roll (oyster/salmon combo  fusion roll)  both 8 piece sets.We both tried each other's choice and they were both phenomenal, some of the best sushi I've ever consumed in my life, hands down! The portion size was more than enough without even getting appetizers or desert. I look forward to trying some more of the extensive menu on future visits. Just be sure to make a reservation or pack some patience because if you do, your dining experience will be well worth the wait.
4	Great sushi, great burgers, and great apps! Highly recommend!
5	Came back for an awesome ladies lunch. Jon, our server, was about as good as it gets- friendly, professional, and extremely knowledgeable about the menu. All of his recommendations were spot on! Tried the Doug's roll which is burgushi - excellent and something very new for me. The Boss was also tasty- albeit a little pricey at $19 ( but expected for a higher quality sushi...not your take-out Japanese joint). I particularly liked the ponzu with this. The presentation was beautiful - fresh flowers and everything.  My absolute favorite was the tuna nachos - not your typical nacho but I would come back for this alone. We opted out but on Sundays they have $5 mimosas and bloody Mary's, which was a great deal. I felt that they really earned all 5 stars this time around!
5	Fabulous food, great atmosphere and terrific service!  We went out for a Sunday lunch and sat on the back patio in the beautiful weather.  Our server was so knowledgeable!  He took the time to explain the menu and make recommendations.  We ordered two appetizers - Crab Rangoon Dip and the Ahi Tuna Nachos.  They were very tasty.  Although be aware that the nachos are not made in  the typical nachos style.  The tuna and other ingredients are served on large crispy wafers (6 on the plate).  For lunch we got "Doug's Filet" roll and "The Boss" roll.  Both were very good.  The Doug's roll is actually their "Burgushi" creation.  It has thinly sliced Filet Mignon on top of a regular sushi roll.  It was different but yummy.  The food presentation was lovely.  Take a look at the picture I posted!
4	I've been here a couple of times so far and this place gets packed so I highly recommend making a reservation. You can't go wrong with anything you order. Everything is amazing and of good portion. Service is friendly and knowledgeable. I highly suggest you use their restroom too. You're in for an educational treat :)
5	Loved The Cowfish before, love it even more now.  Went in for a ladies lunch yesterday and after a very small mix-up with the bill, my meal was comped.  The management was apologetic and charming over the incident even giving us all free appetizer cards for our next visit.  I was pleasantly surprised by the generous gesture and frankly, they had me at free lunch.
4	Great service, Great food! I love fish but my fiance does not, so this place was great.
3	This place is indeed A-OK. The only reason why I say this is because sushi and burgers is not at all a novel idea and can be found everywhere on the east and west coast. Also, the food is decent, but a tad pricey. With that said, their burgers are AMAZING, and have a great spice to them. However, the sushi is par at best, which ultimately makes me think of this place as a nice American spot. The interior design is by far the most impressive aspect of this place (see photos), otherwise a decent spot for dinner and I'll probably be back sometime relatively soon.
2	Ok let's get real... this is a burger place (remember Counter everyone???) that turned into a sushi place because the burgers we no good.  Now all of a sudden it the best sushi in Charlotte, HA!!  If they can't do burgers I'm gonna pass on them for my sushi.  I was unimpressed and the place is not by any means a bargin.  I refuse to mention other restaurants in reviews but there is better sushi to be had in Charlotte.
5	Cowfish is, by far, the best place to eat in Charlotte.  The menu has so much to choose from and you can't go wrong with any of it.  My personal favorite is the Fusion Bento Box.  It has tastes of everything - a burger, sushi, edamame, sweet potato fries, & the incredible spicy cucumbers.  Everything is incredible.The service is always impeccable.  Servers are always on top of everything, making sure you have everything you need.  The manager, Craig, couldn't have been nicer.  He really wanted to make sure our experience was a positive one.  And it was!!!!!!I will spread the word to everyone I know... Cowfish can't be beat!!!
2	I'm not being stingy with my stars, but I guess I was simply disappointed.  Last night was my 2nd visit, and I don't recall the food being so sub-par from my 1st visit (which was a little while back shortly after they opened).Our reservation was at 8:30 and we got seated quite on time.  We decided to sit outside.  Inside was a bit loud, I couldn't hear a darn thing the host was asking me.  Quick observation, that is not a drink friendly bar area.  Most people at the bar actually eat, and some stools are permanently fixed to the ground.  I thought it would be a little rude to squeeze in between the cutesy couple who somehow managed to PDA and eat at the same time... as much as I was dying for a drink after a "fun" day at work.  We sat by the fountain, which was nice (except it may cause an increased need to use the bathroom).  The waiter was attentive (as in he frequently stopped by to check on us) but something was missing... that certain energy, the bounce, something.  But overall service was good.  Here comes the food review.  Ok... food is very important for a restaurant, just my opinion.  We had the summer roll for appetizer (figured we should stick to something light).  I'm accustom to the summer rolls at vietnamese places, so this one here is a bit... empty/lacking.  There's a shrimp in each one, and supposedly mango (I saw it but couldn't taste it), but that's about it.  The dipping sauce was more sour than peanut-y.  To me this is an example of "if it ain't broken, don't fix it."  Stick with the original summer roll recipe (with noodles and a thin slice of pork and bean sprouts etc), it's ok to be not original if it's better that way.For entree I decided to try something different and ordered a Burgushi (Tuna Bacon Sandwich).  My friend ordered the Taste Explosion (another Burgushi recommended by 2 friends of mine actually).  I was intrigued by the description of the buns being made of rice.  Yes, I'm easily amused.  One word to sum up both dishes: Bland.  Mine was definitely tasteless... I asked for more wasabi mayo to help out.  I think the problem is the tuna is too thin and not seasoned. The iceberg lettace washes out any other taste there is to taste.  The buns were interesting, but they could season it a little as well.  The Taste Explosion was better, but the ground beef taste was too strong and overwhelmed everything else.  To conclude, I have eaten my share of sushi and other original culinary creations... and I'm definitely one to explore new/odd/interesting food, but I was expecting more from a place everyone raves about.  The food was simply too blahhh to get any more stars :(   But Wednesday half-price wine bottle saved the night, along with some interesting conversations :)  And oh, please put avocado crab sticks back on the menu... that was one good thing I remember having from 1st visit.
4	Great sushi selection. New and clean restaurant. One tv at the bar which could have been better but a place I would recommend. Outside seating looked very nice.
4	Great burgers!
5	Awesome food!  Great kids meals, and the veggie burger is amazing!
4	Skeptical.  That's the one word I would use to describe my pre-visit thoughts on Cowfish.  I'm so tired of fusion restaurants.  Remember Limp Bizkit and Korn?  They couldn't do one thing well so they decided to go the fusion route and made a shitty mess (along with Creed) of the late-90s music scene.  Do you see where I'm going with this?  Always the cynic, I feel that fusion restaurants take the easy route and mix things together so they don't have to actually be good at something.  To me, fusion and heavy sauces can both be listed under the heading:  How To Cover All Your Cooking Sins.  Cowfish is different.  Cowfish is Led Zeppelin.  Blues/rock.  Burger/sushi.  Cowfish rocks.  I went 100% fish on my visit here, so I'll have to contribute a later review of the burgers.  I used to date a girl who said "if you're going to be a bear, be a grizzly."  Go big or go home.  Ginny and I got our grizzly on and went straight for The Motherload.  This enormous roll showcases every type of fish on the Cowfish menu (as well as a piece of rare roast beef).  The menu touted that "the presentation will blow you away."  They do not tell a lie.  The presentation was beautiful and I will be bold enough to state that Cowfish's fish quality is equal to that of Nikko's.  Prior to eating said roll, we considered ordering the tuna nachos but shied away due to the presence of rangoon sauce on the nachos.  Rangoon is a really fun word to say, but mayonnaise is quite possibly the most foul substance on the face of the earth.  Our thoughts changed, however, when our neighbors to the right ordered the nachos.  Delicious.  I try to avoid listing every last detail of a dish when writing my reviews (leaving me more room to comment on music and my personality shortcomings), so I'll simply say that you should try these nachos when you visit Cowfish.  But between this day and that, say "rangoon" as often as possible and thank all that is holy for not having to see Fred Durst on the TV anymore.
4	GREAT sushi, I had the Bento Box, which has a little bit of everything. A mini burger, edemame, 4 sushi pieces and a salad. I had the coconut onion rings...very tasty, but huge appetizer! However, the onion rings, the bento box...everything seemed to salty at the end.
5	Being a loyal fan of The Counter, I felt betrayed when it closed and this crazy fusion restaurant called Cowfish (what is a cowfish anyway?) took its place. Apparently, I am a weak-willed women because I eventually gave in to my curiosity a couple of weeks ago and decided to give it a try. My boyfriend and I arrived around 9 o'clock and were shocked to see a flock hungry patrons sitting outside, beepers in hand, waiting for a table. We went inside to put our names down and were very impressed with the interior of the restaurant. I am not really one of those people who pics a restaurant based on the design or how 'cool' it is but this certainly worked in Cowfish's favor. After our number came up and our beeper started flashing, we were taken to our table and greeted by one of the friendliest waitresses I have ever encountered. We told her we had never been there before and she proceeded to guide us through the very large menu, answering any questions we had as she went. We proceeded to order the blackened ahi tuna nachos for our appetizer and we each chose the bento boxes for our entree. When the nachos arrived, I was in awe of how big they were. The 'nachos' are actually fried wontons and they are topped with their crab rangoon dip, pico de gallo, avocado, greens, and delicious ahi tuna. I took my first bite and literally fell in love. The tuna was fresh and all of the toppings tasted like they had been sliced and prepared to order. We scarfed them down in minutes and resisted the urge to place an order for more. Our bento boxes arrived soon after finishing the appetizer. I was amazed to see a huge selection of food with very generous portions. The box contained their mini burger of the week, the bib, which was served on a brioche bun with cheddar cheese and chili. The burger was tasty and fulfilled my desire for the comforts of The Counter fare. We moved on to the sweet potato fries (crispy and well-salted), Thai cucumbers (really delicious), and edamame (pretty standard). We saved the sushi roll for last, I selected 'Mark's Roll' which was spicy with jalapeno and siracha and very well-made. My boyfriend had the rainbow roll which was not as good as my roll but still very good. We had a great experience at Cowfish-- great food, great service, great atmosphere. I have been back since then and will continue to come back for fabulous food.
5	I love the Cowfish! But it could have turned out to not be so great. My wife and I went on a Friday night. We had been talking about going there for awhile and with the wait being a little long we took two seats at the bar. The food was fantastic, the bartenders were great and even with all the people fluttering all around we had a really good time. The next day my mother-in-law, sister-in-law and nephew (all of whom I love) came to visit and on the Saturday we took them to Cowfish as we knew our nephew would love it. We had a great time, great food and the kicker for him was the language lessons in the bathrooms where they teach you to say certain phrases in English, Spanish and Redneck! He was thrilled. Well the next day we were looking for a place to go and here's the part where it might not have turned out so great, with a choice for lunch in all of Charlotte our nephew picked Cowfish again! (I think the fried pickles and the language lessons were a big draw) Anyway it was still great and I can highly recommend it to everyone especially now with the fountain on and the live music on weekend nights.
2	So this is the deal - we went there on a recent Saturday night to celebrate my wife's birthday.  We were told it would be a 2 hour wait.  We hung out at the mall for a while to kill time, they paged us after about an hour for our table.The food, as usual, was amazing.  Ridiculously good with unique flavors.  The crab rangoon app, all of their fusion and burgerushi rolls, etc are all delicious.However, this particular night, the service was terrible.  It took a while to be noticed after the hostess sat us and service continued to be slow the remainder of the evening.  Our waitress was very friendly - seemed like a sweet gal.  Unfortunately, she was either overworked or not very good at her job.  Empty glasses sat empty, no chopsticks offered/provided, forgetting for 30 min or so about a drink order, bringing the check after our entrees without us asking if we wanted the check (we wanted additional beverages and dessert), then letting the check with my credit card on top sit on our table for another 15 minutes before picking it up to cash us out.What could have been a wonderful experience turned out to be very frustrating.  Maybe it was the craziness of a Saturday night in June, maybe it was a waitress-specific issue(s), maybe it was something else.  Any way you slice it, not a good experience.  Cowfish is normally better than this.
4	It is amazing how many times we have eaten here and in the last 12  weeks. LOL. It's very trendy and stays busy, so it's best to make a reservation. We have made one every time except for one, which we had no problem being seated that one time. Read some reviews about the confusion about reservations. I doubt they are not allowing guests to be seated if the reservation is 90-120 min away. Who knows? Folks would not want to start eating or feel rushed, so just make a reservation. Plus, you earn points per Open Table, win-win. I really enjoy the Mark's Roll,Crab Rangoon dip, Chicken Satay and Mango tea. The BF loves the Tropical Storm and Firecracker rolls. It's a bit pricey, but worth it. We have yet to try the burgers/ burgushi/bento boxes.
5	I couldn't have enjoyed this dining experience much more.  The menu was a bit scary at first.  A million dishes usually equals mediocre food.  This was not the case for me.  I am a firm believer in going with the flow when it comes to restaurants.  This means...ordering what they're good at...or what their niche is.  I did exactly that...and loved it.The price was as expected...not cheap...but not wallet busting.Drink selection was decent.The wait was reasonable for a Saturday night.I can't wait to go back again
4	Rarely do I write reviews but I've been to Cowfish twice now and I think it's warranted. 4 stars simply because with the sheer density of the menu I'm not sure I've have the total picture of what this places has to offer, but I am a big fan of what they're trying to do. Atmosphere: It's a good sit down spot that attracts a sophisticated crowd without being stuffy.  On my second visit they had live music outside, the guy was pretty good and did well known covers.  If you're going in the evening make a reservation, wait times can be horrific, 1hr+. Weekends you might be able to walk in and dine. The food: The menu is MASSIVE.  I'm talking 11 point font, double-sided, 10 page menus.  If you're the type that likes to return to a place and sample from all over...well it's not happening here unless you bring friends and share.  Which brings me to the topic of this place being a fusion eatery.  Thankfully both the sushi and the burgers are good. I enjoy sushi and like to eat it frequently.  I am not however, someone who says sushi doesn't exist outside of *insert the name of a city in another part of the country*.  Throwing that out there in case someone says the sushi at Cowfish isn't "real sushi."  I haven't tried the "Burgushi" - it's Burger elements placed into sushi or the sandwiches with sushi elements placed into them, although I've heard good things.  The various rolls I have tried and the house burger (which you can customize the daylights out of) were both good.  I suggest the burger as a nice standby for friends that aren't quite ready to dive into sushi beyond a piece or two.  All in all:  It's a great place for anyone who loves sushi or burgers or for someone who is trying to get their burger eating friends to try sushi.
4	While visiting the Queen City, I found this place in and around my old stomping grounds. We went on the $5 Martini night.  The drinks were exotic, fun and tasty.  The Key Lime Pie Martini is deliciously dangerous. I hate that we ate a late lunch because I wanted to try some of their signature rolls. I am excited about visiting again.
4	I'm already a fan of eeZ, and the Cowfish is eeZ younger cousin, so I knew I would like it. I also knew I would like it because it's the best of me and my girlfriend's world b/c she loves sushi and I love burgers and milkshakes. The ambiance and the atmosphere is very chilled and laid back. The Rangoon Crab Dip appetizer is to absolutely die for....when we order this and it's a large group, I usually just order like 2 or 3 of these b/c I usually down one by myself. I think I had the best burger I ever had in my life, the C.B.C.L.T.....I can't even put it in words. The service is always great, but the only reason I can not give it 5 stars is because it is always too packed, waiting for a table can take up to an hour, this location doesn't take reservations due to it's popularity, and last but not least, the Southpark snobs that frequent this place get to me sometimes with their "my s*** doesn't stink" attitudes they like to dish out. Besides those extremely minor things, this is a great restaurant.....4 stars
4	I have been here twice so far, and I love looking at the cowfish (which I didn't know was an actual fish) in their aquarium. I had great service both times-- the waitresses were very sweet and accomodating. I really enjoyed the Spider roll, but not a big fan of the Burgushi (burger and sushi combined-the flavor was quite strange). The second time I went, a homeless dude walked into the restaurant and blatantly stole a bottle of wine and a 6 pack of beer from the bar...and there were customers and employees right there! Some waiters stopped him as he was trying to escape...it was so bizarre...Nevetheless, I would definitely be coming in again for their great food!
4	What a unique Asian Fusion restaurant. It combines two concepts: sushi and burgers. Burgushi. I tried the Fusion Bento Box which had a mini burger, sushi, sweet & sour Thai cucumber slices (I loved this), edamame, and sweet potato fries. Someone else ordered the Texas Longhorn burger, which tasted quality. Service was quick and very friendly! The interior had fun things to look at all over the walls, and the bathroom smelled like vanilla. Definitely worth another visit. It's good for young adult groups or even for dates.
4	Great food, great atmosphere, a bit pricey but hey, who can really afford to eat out a lot these days? I say, if you're going to go out to eat, treat yourself to something you couldn't find anywhere else. The food was fantastic: creative, fresh, with a twist. I really enjoyed being able to have some fun sliders along with my traditional nigiri and sushi rolls.The service was solid, polite and attentive without being annoying.
5	My very, very favorite restaurant in Charlotte. You will NOT be disappointed. I have loved everything I have ever ordered!!
5	After hearing multiple raves from reliable sources about The Cowfish Sushi l Burger Bar, it was tops on the list to review. Having been twice, and both times with small kids, I've been impressed with different aspects of the SouthPark eatery. But seriously, the best part? Both visits have included Ric Flair spottings. WOO! NATURE BOY!When I first heard of Cowfish, I was expecting more of a Sushi Samba vibe, but I was happily surprised by friendly rather than pretentious servers, water served on tables in glass milk bottles, and a tongue-in-cheek mood provided by the piped in Japanese-to-English translations of American colloquialisms in the restrooms, and the more obvious comic bookish canvases of fast food icons discussing burgers hanging beside Warholesque representations of sushi. There's a sense of humor here, and it is served up with a side of contemporary, innovative fun.The place is bigger than it looks at first glance, and the menu is a tad overwhelming. On the first visit, I errantly chose the The Tuscan Turkey Burger. It was average, though the server mentioned it would be a little drier than a regular burger, which should have tipped me off to choose another option. On the second visit, I chose The Cowfish Bento Box with a slider and veggie sushi, and I realized why so many friends swear by Cowfish. There was more than enough food, and loads of different flavors that easily satisfied. Sushi is as well-presented as it is delicious, and the kid's meals include a happy face on the rice detail.During the first visit, the service was exceptional. During the second visit, the service was good, especially considering it was Father's Day lunch, when they were busier than usual. Outdoor seating feels oddly cozy, especially since it overlooks highly trafficked Sharon Road, and umbrellas and fans make warm weather pleasant.So, will I return to The Cowfish Sushi and Burger Bar? Does The Nature Boy say "WOO"? I'll be taking my coupons I get by signing up on their website, and making a reservation, though. They are always busy, and the wait times, especially during prime dinner hours, are daunting.
5	Yum, yum & more yum! Fusion Bento Box is my favorite - I get it with regular fries & the mark's roll. Tuna nachos - AH-MA-ZING!!!!Martinis are awesome too & only $5 on Tuesdays!You'll love the decor - so hip & inviting.Check out the bathrooms & learn a thing or two. ;)
5	Hands down the coolest Sushi place in Charlotte!!!  Design your own sushi rolls, how cool is that?
4	This is a destination restaurant.If you go on a Fri or Sat evening, you better have a reservation or be prepared to wait for two hours.I called early on Sat around lunch requesting a reservation that evening. I was told they had reached their reservation capacity. The story is they only allow about two thirds of the inside and outside tables for reservations so they can accomodate walk-ins. While that may be true it still feels like they make you wait so you can stimulate their bar business.They were successful with our party of five.We got there at 830p and were seated at 1030p. By that time, half the restaurant was empty.The inside tables were closing down so they seated us on the patio. It was only about 85 degrees. They did have a guy singing and playing which was cool, mostly covers and we were all impressed that he would attempt...'Don't Stop Belivin' by Journey.We all had Sushi...it was good...not stellar or exceptional but good. I had the Chef's Nirvana platter, mosty everyone else had the LaVa platter.It was fresh and tasty and out server was spot on all night...thanks Jefffor a great night...on your last night there.. They had a few draft beers of which the Founders IPA was good. They also have Bells Two Hearted Ale in the bottle.Make a reservation a week in advance if you plan to go on a Fri or Sat night.
2	Good for sushi, bad for burgers!  I ordered the green monster done medium(slight pink).  this burger should have been full of flavor, but it was dry as could be with little flavor.  I mean this thing had avocado, jalepeno, pepper chipotle dressing and no FLAVOR!  Plus it was super dry and barely warm, not sure how someone dries out a burger done medium with pink in the center?  I suspect the burgers are pre done and finished off when ordered, YUCK!  Also the calamari was really chewy.  The sushi was great though, but its pretty loud in there.  I am disappointed this is what replaced The Counter burger joint.
5	Yes, I have been converted...Cowfish has officially won me over! My husband and I have returned a few times since my last review and each time was a great experience. The most memorable one was when we brought our out-of-town guests for dinner. We wanted to take them to a fun place with high energy and that would stand out from any other restaurant...and boy were we right!Our guests loved the variety and the fun, yet strange options of hamburgers and fish in the same menu. They were also impressed with the language lesson in the bathroom and the touch screens at the bar. We ordered 5 sushi rolls to share. We had a slight issue with one of the rolls and immediately our server and owner took ownership and made sure that the one hiccup didn't ruin the rest of our dining experience. In fact, the excellent service made the night even more impressive...our guests were shocked at how caring the service was! By the way, they make their roll slices pretty big...if you want more bite-sizeable, ask for them to cut it into more pieces.You have to make sure to get a spiked milkshake for dessert...the chocolate one (can't remember the name) was by far the best one! Yummy!!If you want to impress your guests, Cowfish is the way to go.
5	I know, I know.  Technically I'm not supposed to review a place where I have a "relationship" with the restaurant...but c'mon. It's not like I'm married to any emploee... I have a sushi roll named after me here. (The Neon Dion, seriously my favorite roll.)  I went through a period of time where I dined-in or got take out 3 times a week and know their stuff...so I MUST write a review!Since there are SO many reviews here so I'll just put in my 2 cents and tips. Make reservations EARLY.  Yes, there can be a 1 to 2 hour wait...even for the bar.  But there's a reason why.  The food is fresh, eclectic, and WORKS.  The service is also spot on. If you have an issue with a menu item or if it's super busy and gets delivered to the wrong place, someone will find a solution for you, and do it graciously.  Marcus and Alan take great care in who they hire and keep a good staff.  Do not be intimidated by the multitude of choices.  Ask your server what he/she recommends, and I promise you'll be steered in the right direction. SUSHI: The rolls are ENORMOUS.  (The prices can veer toward $20+ but you'll get what you pay for.) If you're cutting carbs, or just prefer a little less rice, order brown or "Light Rice".  I also suggest getting your roll cut into 10 pieces, so you can fit each piece in your mouth a little more comfortably. Bento Box is really the way to go to sample it all and get a FANTASTIC value.  A tiny slider of the day or classic slider, a smaller 4 piece version of a regular roll, or "specialty" shrimp tempura/Mark's (deep fried w/tuna + cream cheese) roll, edamame, sweet potato or regular fries, Thai cucumber salad (which is sweet, tangy and crisp) and The spiked shakes are creative and a fun alternative (Cold Cactus: ice cream, silver tequila, creme de menth, whipped cream, chocolate shavings? WOAH Nelly!) Check Facebook and their site for updates on specials like $5 martini nights and any special promotions.  I could write a three-part series on the Cowfish, but instead, I say, JUST GO!  You won't regret it.
4	Fusion specialty bento box! This is a brilliant concept!We stopped by for lunch while in town and I was so happy we did!First of all, the concept was brilliant. I am a appetizer type eater. I like a little of this, a little of that... and sushi can always fit in for me. My burger of the week was delicious, with a spicy sauce on it and perfectly cooked. Also, perfectly appetizer sized and adorable.The sushi roll was flavorful and fresh...the presentation was awesome! I would definitely come back here to try the other meat-sushi combos! It was protein heaven! "Burgushi" is now something I wish every city had!
3	Sushi was just ok. The turkey burger was horrible. Everything is overpriced.
5	I too tried the "Doug's Roll".  I was a bit hesitant becuase I really wanted sushi and wanted to try one of their special rolls. But, I talked to the server and he said burgushi was the way to go.  So I tried that and man what a good decision.  Very flavorful and somehow the beef (which was raw-similar to steak tar tar) seemed to melt.  The rolls were large and really worked well with wasabi and soy.  The server was very helpful.  My mother who only eats california rolls got the Boursin Bird which is a chicken sandwich with boursin cheese.  I tried that as well. Very good but the burgushi was where its at.  I would like to go back because the menu is so large (which is both positive and negative its a bit overwhelming.)  My only negatives were it was freezing and we were placed right under a speaker that was blasting music.  But that also kind of made it fun, just couldn't really talk.  Hope to be back soon.
3	I live in the land of creative restaurants and this was just too much for me.As a single diner I loved it because of the touchscreens at the sushi bar that allowed me to read the NYT while I ate. But the menu was overwhelming a la cheesecake factory style. I think the idea is amazing, but they should scale the menu down and focus on improving their food (which was good, but not great).
5	Awesome!!!! one of the best places I've been to in a while. Our waiter was great, he went over the menu with us because they have like 1,000  items. lol. Healthy portions, great drink specials and i can honestly say their sushi is good and fresh. the burgers are good too. they have something for everyone even the kiddies:) p.s. sorry i haven't written a review in a while. I've never meant to neglect my fellow yelpers. I'm back with lots of reviews.
4	Yelp brought me to Cowfish.   Overall, service was spectacular, beer was cold, and the food tasted good.  However the burgushi, texture was just very weird.   Ground beef and sushi rice was too much,  cool concept and next time i'll try it non fused.I can't say enough about the service.  The bartender saw that I wasn't particularly thrilled and wanted to replace my meal immediately.  If you are in Southpark, try it.
5	Let's get one thing straight: I am not a big throw-around-5-stars kinda gal. To be 5 stars, you'd got to be tip top. Top shape. Top of the mountain. King of the Playground. Etc. Etc. And The Cowfish? Well let's just say that it's got serious potential to possibly send every other restaurant in town out of business and cure cancer. IT'S JUST THAT GOOD.After coming here a few times on a few different nights, I have yet to find anything I don't eat, see or hear that makes me go "Wow...". From the service (Channon is one of the managers and went above, beyond and around the corner to make an order right for us one night), to the decor (so Japanese/modern/fun/dark/chic/simple - if that's possible?), to the food (Shut the Front Door Good!), it's just a fact that The Cowfish is really just that good.Reservations are only accepted for 1/3 of the place, so they're hard to get but I've never had a problem strolling up to the bar and getting a seat. If that's not your thing, they encourage you to call ahead and get a feel for the wait time. Whatever it is, though, wait. It's worth it :)We've tried the Summer rolls (4 to an order, with a few great fried chips plus a savory, light chili sauce for dipping) as well as the Crab Ragoon dip and both were top notch. So good you will consider ordering them as meals the next time you come in!The Burgiri is just an orgasm in your mouth waiting to happen. So just try it and thank me later, OK? The actual sushi rolls are the freshest I've tasted in Charlotte - between the basic rolls (cali, philly) and the more complex specialty rolls, they're beautiful, well constructed and amazingly flavorful. A tip would be to ask the waiter to have it cut into 10 pieces - the rolls are a bit too big otherwise to fit in one bite!I have not had the milkshakes yet, but will make that my priority when I go back (again) tonight! Ah, it's admittedly hard for me to write this review - can words truly fail me? I believe so - the moral of the story is go. Go try The Cowfish. Run, Drive and Speed towards in as soon as you can.
4	This place is interesting. Packed at lunchtime, I was able to sit at the bar. Since this is my first and possibly only time I'll get to Charlotte, I asked for recommendations (something special to the house). Got the Taste Explosion Burgushi. Sounds odd, mixing burger with classic sushi rolls, but it works! The dumplings to start were just right too. I'll go back for more if I get the chance.
3	Maybe it was because I had a take out or ate in the car, the food was okay.  I ordered the Fusion Bento with Mark's roll and roasted peppers and goat cheese burger.  It came with sweet potato fries, cucumber salad and edamame.  I liked the burgers, but Mark's roll wasn't very special.  I would have loved to eat at the place, but I was running late for flight back to Los Angeles.  If I have a chance to go back, I would try again.
5	WOWZER. Searching for a late night place that offers more than just a bar menu? I was, and my blackberry search led me here. Everything was fantastic during my first visit. The service, the food and the overall environment. It was so great that I went back within a week or two. The 2nd visit was just as phenom as the first, so I figured it was worthy of getting online to write a stellar review. The apps, the main courses, the sushi, the drinks....We've ordered from every section and have not been disappointed once. Better yet, we've been WOWED each time. Whoever thought of this is a genius. There is NO other restaurant in Charlotte that is anything like it. Hip. Delicious. Clever. It's like Charlie Sheen. #WINNING.
5	OMG!! COWFISH  is soo freaking awesome!! I order their onions ring, and i have to admit that it was the best onions ring i have ever tried!! and their bento box is soo delicious!  Seriously this place is soo cool!
5	After living in Charlotte for a short period of time, I haven't had the opportunity to visit many local businesses. But let me say this: Good luck to all of the restaurants out there living up to the awesomeness that is Cowfish. Yes, it really deserves five stars and my "Woohoo!"The decor of Cowfish (including an image of a fat Elvis in a kimono eating a burger) is trendy, cool, and fun, just like the items on its menu. Both the food and drink options are fairly extensive, plus there are daily specials . I opted for the turkey burger, but let it be known that it wasn't the run-of-the-mill kind. This burger, presented on a whole wheat bun, was topped with brie, cranberries, and applies. Fancy shmancy and healthy!Oh, and before you leave, make sure to take a tour of the boys or girls room. If your meal failed to do so, at least the audio from the restroom speakers might make you smile.
5	Friendly & Fun atmosphere, with amazing creative flavors!
5	First, I have to say, the staff here was fabulous! So helpful! I loved the options, huge menu of sushi, burgers, and Burgushi (burgers w/o the bun, wrapped in rice)! We tried a little of everything, cheeseburger, fusion rolls, burgushi fusion bento box. Even the kids were happy. Lots of personality, even the bathroom was interesting with crazy sayings piped in. Can't wait to visit again! I hear there'll be a second location opening next year...RALEIGH!
5	6 of us were in town for a business event, we travel a HUGE amount and all agreed this has been one of the most memorable places all year so far.We all shared what we ordered so each could see just how good it really was. The Blackened Ahi Nachos were incredible! We were going to order a second plate, but then the real food came. I ordered The Green Monster Berger- Best. Berger. EVER! Coworker doubted me until I let him try it. I had so much of everyones appatizers, I could not finish the burger. When the server came to take the plate, my coworker about jumped on the plate for my remaining bite. Several had sushi and one person even made her own sushi roll...nobody was even remotely disappointed. Once we were stuffed to the gills, the server suggested a desert- of course we had to try the Spiked Milk Shakes...4 of them so we passed each one around the table (seperate straws for each person)this will be a destination for every visit I make to the area...no question
4	The food was great at Cowfish - I had a combo box with a Vegetarian roll and a mini burger. The burger was delicious, cooked just right. The vegetarian roll had a mixture of asparagus, cucumber and avocado. We didn't have a reservation for a Friday night, but we only had to wait about 40 minutes to get a table for 6 which was nice. The 1 downfall is that they didn't have a tumpura sweet potato roll - which I crave when I am out for sushi!! I definitely recommend this place if you're in the Charlotte area!!
3	At times, being slightly disappointed is worse than being severely disappointed.  At least when something is a total failure, you can relish your negative emotions.  When something is only a tiny letdown, you can only say "meh.""Meh" is what I say about Cowfish.  I had been wanting to try it for quite a while, mostly because I thought that the concept was really cool.  After all, sushi and burgers are my two favorite foods!  What's not to like about a place that serves both?Well, jack of all trades, master of none, I suppose.  We went after having a few drinks, so I decided to go with the burger.  It was a let down, to say the least.  The meat was overcooked and not very flavorful; the bun was dry, and so on.  It just wasn't a good burger.To top it all off, service was only ok.  Our waiter was nice, to be sure, but he decided to go through the entire menu with us... this is a kind gesture, but unnecessary, since everyone at the table could read.  On the plus side, the restaurants decor was very entertaining.  We sat directly across from a poster making a dirty joke at the expense of a certain two fast food mascots; everyone laughed at that.  I'll try Cowfish again: I feel I need to try their sushi before I can form a fair final opinion.  But if they were solely a burger joint, I'd probably write them off.
2	Sushi and burger don't mix!
5	Today I arrived at the restaurant around 11:30am to avoid the lunch rush. That's when I come usually, at lunch time; and it's very busy every time I've been here.When I arrived today I was greeted at the door by one of the owners. He gave attention to making sure I was taken care of. He didn't hand me off to a host or server. I felt valued as a customer. So I have a very good impression of this establishment.The service here is top notch in my opinion, especially from the beautiful humans working behind the bar.The Cowfish, a modern sushi restaurant,  has a large variety of food options involving sushi and other meat options, and options for vegetarians. I've not eaten one yet, but the sushi burgers and rolls are the big deal here. Sushi burgers. Very interesting. I'm a low carb foodie so I doubt I will venture out to try one. This place is a must visit.
5	OH. MY. GOD.This place was soooo good. It's expensive, mind you, but the quality honestly begets the price. Some of the most unique and cool burgers I've ever seen. The sushi was damn good, and the "burgushi" were just amazing. It tasted like a little bit of everything at different times in its consumption. As it was, I got a burger, one friend got sushi, and another got burgushi, so we could try a little bit of everything. No one regretted their decision. My burger was really big, juicy, and 100% delicious. So they've got that down.Also, there's so friggin' much on the menu to try, that if you had the money to come back time and again, you could always try something new. The menu is huge and the staff helped us navigate through it, make recommendations, etc. It was almost daunting in its size, which isn't something that happens often, I don't think.There is no restaurant that serves food quite like this. Go for the uniqueness alone, and leave wholly satisfied by the strange, exotic, and wholly awesome food combinations you just ate.But, uh, leave with a little bit of a hole burned in your wallet too. ;) However much it may be worth it.PS (edit addendum): If you need to use the bathroom, do it--there's an audio track that plays in there that teaches you phrases in English vs Redneck vs Malaysian (I think?). Highly amusing.
4	Great service! Cool menu! Cold beer! Sushi was better than average but not worth the price. Try it once.
4	Brought some employees to lunch here and had a pretty good experience. The service was excellent, but one concern is the menu being HUGE. I appreciate when a restaurant commits their talents to a few specialized dishes, but I also understand the need to appeal to the masses. With that being said, everyone with me loved the food. One had oneof their rolls that looked absolutely delicious and immediately made me regret my decision of just ordering a burger... which wasn't bad, but just not that great (Big Daddy's burgers are better). I will go back again, but get the roll or some sushi instead.
4	Awesome place for lunch or dinner!  Gracious sized patio allows for great patio dining on a nice fall or spring day.  The taste explosion has become a staple for me here but I most recently tried the tuna bacon sandwich for lunch and was amazed.  It's a little tricky to keep from falling apart but otherwise perfection.  The interiors are full of what I would liken to Warhal (sp) type artwork and really cool in my opinion.  Another cool thing is the huge fish tank that actually contains 'cowfish', really neat!So why not 5 star? I'm a pretty simple person in general and if I had one suggestion to give it would be lessen the choices to choose from on the menu.  Too much to look at and really overwhelming to me.
3	Ah, the cowfish.  We tried to go for dinner one night but a two hour wait wasn't sounding too good to us. So we came back for lunch one afternoon and we were seated immediately.The place is much bigger than it seems, two large indoor wings and one heated outdoor patio.  The decor is cool and funky.  Hubby and I each got burgers, which were very tasty.  MIL got a grilled salmon sandwich which she gushed over and said something like it was the best sandwich she'd ever had(!)Service was meh.  It really was.  The hostess was nice enough but the server didn't do the after-you've-been-eating-for-a-minute check in.  That irks me. He was MIA when we needed takeout boxes. Basically he was MIA from order taking (a food runner brought our food in) till check drop.We might come back to try the sushi once I can eat raw things again, and if that's good they'll earn another star.  Or if we come back and our server is more on top of his/her game.  But as it was I can just say okay.
5	First off, I love sushi and I love burgers. Combining the two...what a novel idea! My wife and had plans to try Cowfish on recommendation of a coworker. We didn't make advance reservations, so planned to go for lunch instead. I hear the wait at dinner without reservations can be 2hrs+. We waited about 10 minutes on a Saturday and sat at the bar while waiting for a table. This place has a really cool atmosphere. My wife ordered a sushi roll - the "Neon Deon"  with mango, coconut, and avacado...one of the most different (and awesome) sushi rolls I've tried. I got the "Burgushi" Burger+Sushi...it was a mix of burger ingredients and sushi ingredients - also excellent! The service was attentive and fun. I would highly recommend this place and we'll be back. Just be sure to make reservations in advance, especially for dinner.
4	Sushi and service were great.  However, the wait took forever for a Monday night and the type of people there were the "I have too much money to be polite to anyone" types to others and staff.  I would not hold it against Cowfish but I could do with more patrons learning some manners.
5	Incredible. Astoundingly good. Amazing in every way. I really wanted to dislike this place, because how can any restaurant in CLT be worth a two hour wait? But it is...it really is. We went on a Wednesday (after refusing to wait 2 hours on a Saturday), and it was 1/2 price bottle of wine night. Oh my. Good wines, at half price, Im in. For dinner, I had the Boursin Burger, which was so good I literally could not eat it fast enough. Best burger ever. Really. My husband had sushi, and he is a sushi novice, so he cant compare it to much, but he really liked it. We skipped dessert (I drank my dessert, did I mention bottles were half price) but desserts going to other tables looked good. If your curious about this place, try it, you wont be disappointed. The food is worth whatever wait you encounter. Yea...the hostess was kinda bitchy and the crowd was your standard Southpark crew, but I rate places based on food. If you want the best damn food in CLT, head to Cowfish.
5	Great food.. Try the green monster lamb burger
4	Creative menu, delicious food! I tend to like the sushi better than the burgers I've had there. You definitely need to make reservations way in advance or try going for lunch instead. Service is perky and helpful. My only complaint is that because there are no soft surfaces to be found, the restaurant is extremely loud and hearing your waiter or dinner companions can be a challenge. Also, the seats are not comfortable at all. My biggest recommendation is the Tuna Nachos Appetizer. It is not what you think. The Deliverence Roll is also really good. I also enjoyed the Tom Kha Ga soup on a separate visit, which is good if you're not especially hungry as the portions of everything else are huge.
5	I was skeptical about this place...took a look at the menu online and decided well it's worth a try since it is reasonably priced.  We got there at 7 pm on a Sat nite..it was crowded but wait was only 30 min!! (PS no reservations can be had til after 9pm on Sat walk in traffic only).  We were lead out back to a warm and toasty patio setting.  Kept watching the food being brought out..huge portions.   We still decided to do two appetizers..what were we thinking???  Anyway the crab rangoon dip is to die for!!!  The coconut crusted onion rings were excellent.  Odered a bento box with a cowfish slider of the week and sushi.  Best burger in a long time and the sushi was delish.  PLEASE OPEN IN RALEIGH!!!
4	Really great burgers, and decent sushi. The cuts of fish are better than what the average sushi place in Charlotte offers, but don't expect a traditional nigiri or roll. These things are huge! My nigiri pieces were 3 times the size of a traditional sushi. The only downside was our waitress took a looooong time to check on us.
5	This place is amazing!!! Great concept and the food is out of the world. Not to pricey and you get a lot for your money. Try to make a reservation because it gets busy. Nice selection of alcoholic beverages!!! Definitely a place everyone should try!!!
5	I'm visiting Charlotte for a couple weeks.  Sitting in the hotel on a weekend sucks, so I decided to check out the south side of town.  As always, I checked with Yelp to find a great lunch spot.  And as always, y'all delivered!  I thought it might be super crowded at 12:30 on Sunday due to the Panthers football game.  Apparently everyone is AT the game because the place was only about half full.  I must have been early because by the time i left around 1:30 there was a wait.  The gal who opened the door for me as well as the guy at the host stand were both super friendly.  I told them it was my first visit and I was looking for a great sushi roll.  They provided several recommendations, all which looked fantastic.  My server was Leanna.  I give her a shout out because she was BEYOND nice and attentive.  A Los Angeleno could get used to this kind of southern friendliness!  I ordered a Mark's Roll sans jalapeno.  It was delicious, ranks at the top of my all-time favorite roll list.  I didn't try anything else, but all the food around me looked fantastic.  At the end of the meal the service manager stopped by (I'm sorry, forgot her name).  Another super nice gal who said their main source of business is word of mouth and sites like Yelp.  A restaurant that survives mainly by word of mouth just HAS to be good!  I could go on and on but I won't .  Suffice it to say if I livedin Charlotte I'd be a regular at Cowfish like Norm at Cheers.   Enjoy!
4	That's a lot of food!Admittedly, we order apps (in retrospect - not necessary). The deconstructed crab rangoon (dip) was a hit - especially with my daughter. Very good chicken satay and cucumber salad. I was boring and ordered a cobb salad - fresh, simple and exactly what I wanted. My husband had Porky's Revenge - a burger topped with pulled pork. Thumbs up from him on it. Yes, it was as big as it sounds. Leftovers for days.One thing that was off was the wait for seating. We were told that there was no wait and yet were handed a pager. We ended up waiting for 15 minutes - all the while the the hostess(es) kept saying there was no wait, that they just had to get menus??? Very odd. Otherwise the service was good.
5	Fun Southpark Sushi.  Eclectic menu.  Reasonably priced.  Normally pretty busy
4	I am currently and have been from the opening, a BIG fan of Cowfish. I loved The Counter and was sad when it closed. However, Cowfish adopted all of the great elements from The Counter, added sushi and ta-daaa created Cowfish. The food is always prepared just as the menu describes and it is consistently very good. I order both sushi as well as burgers and both are well prepared.The atmosphere is great. I mean, who cannot love being able to watch Godzilla and The Sting all at one time while listening to the very interesting conversation of the couples on either side of me!If there were any negatives I would have to say they are in the beverage department. I wish the wine by the glass options were a little better. THE REAL REASON I GIVE A 4 STAR INSTEAD OF A 5 STAR: the definite negative is that the two martinis ordered on separate occasions (classic martini with Sapphire) were really not good. I finally figured out why! They use a really bad vermouth. When you use a bad vermouth you get a bad martini. They need to upgrade for those of us who actually drink "real" martinis :-)Love it otherwise.
5	We  stopped in here for lunch today. We were sat down right away at about 11:50, and by 12:15 the place was packed up. I would highly recommend putting in a reservation so that you can get a table and not wait as long. Whether you reserve or test your luck, it will be worth it either way.Cowfish is a combination sushi bar and burger joint, but our party only had burgers so that's all I can vouch for. The burgers were a bit steep in price (ranging from $10-$15) but totally worth the price. You won't find a normal bacon cheeseburger here, and all the burgers are made of the best quality meat and toppings, and most of the burger options are a bit different, and HUGE!!! I ordered the C.B.C.L.T. ($10) which was a burger with sharp cheddar, white cheddar, and bacon on a brioche bun. I substituted the beef burger for the bison burger (extra $4) because I prefer bison to beef for the leaner meat and superior taste. It was a gigantic burger that took up a good chunk of my plate. Filling out the rest of the plate was a heaping order of sweet potato fries. There were so many that my wife, mother-in-law and myself were unable to finish even half the order. I'm not big on drinking alcohol with lunch, so I stuck with the mango iced tea which was a very tasty "unsweetened" iced tea, and I would recommend it if you're into unsweet tea.My wife went with the fresh basil pesto turkey burger ($11) which pretty much speaks for itself. It was a good turkey burger with some nice spice to it, and the pesto tasted pretty darn fresh. She got the fried pickles as a side and absolutely loved them. My mother-in-law had the seared ahi tuna burger ($11) which was pretty good, aside from the fact that she ordered the tuna cooked MEDIUM (I gave her a stern lecture later on about that fiasco). That was served on a whole wheat bun with veggies and slaw with a ginger dressing. The burgers here are very delicious. Our bill came out to $44 in the end, which may seem a bit much for lunch for three, but it's totally worth the price. You can really taste the freshness in the burgers and the portions are insane! I highly recommend getting your butt here if you crave a great burger and are near the South Park Mall.
4	I would have given Cowfish 5 stars, but the wait was almost unbearable! A friend of mine had asked to go to Cowfish for her birthday.  We tried going once before, but the wait was so long we ended up turning in our buzzer and eating else where.  This was a Tuesday evening and yet it was still packed! I didn't make reservations because I thought with it being a week day the wait would not be as long......epic fail! We were told the wait would be any where between an hour and an hour and a half! We actually ended up waiting and hour......so my suggestion is to MAKE reservations! Once we got in, the electric atmosphere quickly helps you forget about the long wait.  If it's just you and a date, you can always ask to be let in and sit at the bar, but for that extra special feeling, I would suggest getting a table.  My date and I were seated at a small cramped table in the corner.  Our waiter Mike was very pleasant and efficient.  I ordered the Bagel roll, and an appetizer of Chicken Satay.  The bagel roll is great fro those who can only take so much sushi.  It's lightly cooked salmon, rice, cucumber rolled in rice and covered in sesame seeds.  The Chicken satay is great....the best thing about it is the celery salad/garnish that it comes with.  The celery is cut into fine slices and there is a vinaigrette spread over it....delicious!The service was so fast....we got our  sushi rolls, prior to our appetizers, but no complaints here!  All in all, the Cowfish is an interesting spot, definitely a date destination.  From the cool decor, tasty food, to the weirs Rosetta Stone language lesson that plays in the bathroom......the Cowfish is one of a kind!
2	Went in there with three of my other great friends and it was a disaster from the start.  We were not greeted for more than five minutes once we were sat and it wasn't until some server came by to ask if someone has been to us.  Two out of the four orders were totally screwed up by either the server or kitchen and both meals had to be comped and when we received our food it was less than par for the course.  Burgers were dry and overcooked per request.   Simple things that came on the some of the items we ordered were absent and after all the problems so was the manager from talking to us.  This was my fourth time here and probably will be my last along with the other three I went with.
4	I finally got to experience the wonderful sushi from Cowfish! Unfortunately, it was just take-out and not the full dining-in experience.  However,  I was very pleased with both the quality and quantity of the sushi I had. The take-out was packaged nicely with ample amounts of wasabe and pickled ginger.  The spicy tuna roll was really tasty and while I am not normally a fan of salmon sushi - I found their double salmon roll to be quite good. While I generally prefer nigri, they have some awesome rolls - and their prices are very affordable.  For $13 you can get a lunch combo which is made up of 8 piece roll (various selections) and the combo comes with wonton soup or miso soup, and a side salad or seaweed salad.  I can't wait to go for a sit-down dining experience where I can try more of the menu items!
4	Went to lunch for hubby birthday. I did research the menu before we came since it is HUGE.the place is nicely decorated and kinda fun. The aquarium is something I could sit and look at for hours while the fish play and chase each other. I especially like the little Cowfish, too cute.there was a long wait for us, but I didn't mind. I didn't get to check out the touch screens on the bar but maybe next time.they also have a really big patio that looks inviting. I noticed several staff who were dressed in a "management" looking way and that was expected but I have to say that a lot of the servers looked a little rough, some needed a shave and a hairbrush! on to our experience. there was myself, hubby and 13 y/o daughter. we started with the crab Rangoon dip. lots of crab in here! and it was very nice I admit, but I would've preferred not to have the sauce on the chips since it made them a little soggy. on the side would have been better.we had a really nice server who pointed out the highlights of the menu and she was training someone who could have been a little more enthusiastic, but was nice enough.next we tried the fried pickles, now I have had some great fried pickles but these missed that mark, they were a thicker cut thus the breading doesn't stick on them well and they weren't the crisp kind of pickle. although my daughter was in heaven since it has been a very long time since she has had any.instead of ordering separately we ordered 3 different rolls of sushi and shared:volcano roll- very spicy and is not for the faint of heartspicy tuna roll- very nice but I like the spicy aioli on top not inside, but was still goodcrunchy shrimp roll- was really good has some tempura fried shrimp in it.we surprised my hubby with the typical song and dessert that restaurants do, he was thoroughly embarrassed - mission accomplished. the dessert was a enormous serving of moose on the loose. it was way more than we could share and oh so good and chocolaty!we did not finish everything and ended up taking about 1/2 home and we all were stuffed beyond comfort. cant wait to go back and try a few other menu items
5	Ordered the truffle burger, it was fantastic. Ordered the turkey burger with brie and apples, it was also fantastic. It tastes exactly like a thanksgiving leftover sandwich. The Deliverance roll is fantastic, but would be better with a tofu wrapping instead of seaweed bc the seaweed overpowers all the other subtle flavors.
5	The food is really good here. I have no complaints about the service. The burger combinations are enough to satisfy nearly any person's preferences. The beef is great. I have no idea about the sushi, but from the crowd, it must be well received. The management knows how to encourage people to come back [with a free appetizer card on the first time there]Cons:The cons of this place don't have anything to do with how the restaurant operations, so I can't take away stars for that. However, the place is big, and it fills up quickly. As hinted to via Andrew H's review... the clientele are a bit lacking. It seems that this is more of a place to go and be seen, not a place to go and be social. From my experiences, people at the bar were more interested in entertaining their friends than enjoying where they are.
4	Checked this place out with my friend on New Years Eve. The place is pretty small, and we had about a 15-20 minute wait. Once we were seated, service was great and friendly. The sushi was delicious and presented well, and the prices weren't too bad. The only reason I gave 4 stars instead of 5 is because the tuna wasn't as fresh as I like. However, I would definitely recommend this place and I wouldn't hesitate to come back the next time I'm in Charlotte.
5	Let me start this review with a tip for my fellow Yelpers - If you see opportunity TAKE IT! We were told it would be one to two hours for a table...being the stalkers we are, we found another couple getting up from their meal and had seats at the bar in ten minutes. Yes, I know, we rock BUT you can do the same thing. Just keep an eye on the bar!I forgot to mention -  we went on a very busy Friday night, it was jammed pack! The bar service was incredible though, as was everything else. Let me go into some details here....I'll start with the bartender/our waitress for the night...she was amazing. Even though it was JAM packed in this place she took the time to explain the menu, give us suggestions and was just so NICE! We ordered a Sake flight and she changed one of the sake's for a peach one that was way better (she knew because she probably had many unhappy customers in the past from Plum Sake). What awesome service she gave us!THE FOOD IS WORTH DYING FOR. SERIOUSLY. I'D TAKE A BULLET IN THE HEART FOR THE LAMB BURGER!!!!Okay, it was great. Maybe I would take a bullet for it, but in the butt or somewhere less lethal. At any rate - the lamb burger was as exotic, and tasty, as I have ever had! A blend of America meets the middle east - it was so good. The meat was so tender, and prepared perfectly...WOW! Our side was sweet potatoe fries and they were AMAZING! We got a Firecracker roll for our sushi and it was perfect. Warm, spicy, tasty, and huge! What a great concept - we shared both and had sushi with red meat. Delicious. Totally perfect!This place was good enough to just drive to Charlotte for a one-day turn around right back to Raleigh! Awesome! A MUST GO!
4	Just had a layover in Charlotte, a big favorite city of mine and based on Yelp reviews, I decided to give The Cowfish a try.  Very happy I did.  This has become my new favorite place to go when I'm in Charlotte.  I had a blackened Tuna BLT with sweet potato fries and the squid salad as an app along with their Mango Ice tea.  Tuna is sushi grade and was done to perfection with just the right amount of seasoning.  The sauce went very well with the sandwich and there was certainly no skimping on the fish.  I also watched the many different entree's being delivered around me and everything looked great.  They've got lots of great sushi rolls and If your a sushi fan like I am take a look at some of these photos other folks have taken.  It all looks good.Next trip to Charlotte, I know where I'll be dining.
4	I like this place alot.  Very americanized mayonais like rolls, but I like them.  Drinks are averpriced but delicious especially the saki-martini- like drink. A little cheesy but a really extensive delicious menu.  Not one that is easy on the wallet for you bargain shoppers tho!
5	One of the best new hotspots in Charlotte. Can I say my favorite appetizer is the Avocado & Ahi Tuna-Tini!!!!!!!! It is one of the best ahi tuna appetizers I've ever had! The taste is like heaven in your mouth! Aside from that, you can never go wrong with the crab rangoon dip and the blackened ahi tuna tacos! For main course, I love the Fusion Specialty Bento Box. It gives you a taste of both the burger and sushi, which is the whole point of trying a restaurant called Cowfish! I also love the decorations of the restaurant. There is really cute artwork hung on their walls that makes it look funky and yet modern. It is definitely a unqiue concept to try and a fusion food success story!
3	The food is amazing and this place deserves a 5/5 but the service sucks so bad I'm giving it a 3/5.
5	What a trendy place!  Located across from South Park mall, this is a great place to stop at after shopping.  Or just a great place to stop at in general!  The first time I walked in, I didn't know what to expect.  I stopped by this place because I read an article about it.  I'm so happy I stumbled upon this article and tried it out!  The place is nicely decorated, with some cute little details.  Near the sushi bars, they have some aquariums and big sushi displays on the wall.The food is so good I just don't know how to explain it.  You'll just have to go and experience the delicious explosion in your mouth.  I would recommend the crab rangoon dip for the appetizer.  You can't go wrong with that!  An entree that I find myself getting there a lot is the Alaskan "Turkey" Sandwich.  Always heaven in my mouth.The place is awesome, and I just don't know what else to say other than people need to experience this place.  Grab your friends and go go go!
5	Lives up to the hype! I recommend one of the Bento Boxes so you get a nice sampling of sushi and burgers!
4	Had the Crab Rangoon appetizer and the R&R Crabcake roll (served a bit warm) and LOVED it.  Great service for the group of 8 I was with.  A bit of a wait because we couldn't make RSVP day of.
4	I really like the idea of this place. I am not a fish/sushi eater but sometimes the husband wants so before this place I always had to resign myself to having a teriyaki dish, which is not always bad but really I'm more of a burger and fries girl. The combo makes this a perfect place for this married couple. The first time we went we were told it was a 45 min wait but 2 seats had just opened up at the bar so we scooped them up and reviewed the menu. The menu itself is expansive and really a bit overwhelming. I settled on a burger (C.B.C.L.T.) and husband got the bento box to give everything a little taste. We both loved our meals and had a great experience. A few days later, some of my husband's co-workers suggested this place for dinner so we found ourselves here again. This time we waited for a table, as we were a larger group, and were seated in the back. We had a great server (sorry I can't remember his name) and we all ordered different types of sushi/burgushi so we could share. My personal favorite was the deliverance roll, though everything I tried was also delicious. Also worth mentioning is that if you sign up for e-mails on their website they send different coupons. I have already received a free appetizer and yesterday they sent another one for 10% off your bill if you dine in on a Monday. Keep these coupons coming and I'll keep coming back!
5	Great concept. Loved the lamb burger and spicy tuna. Decor was cool. Packed on a Thursday evening. Young crowd and lots of females
5	Burgushi ! What a concept !!! But this place is always crazy busy :( hated the long wait out in the cold. Next time I'm getting a reservation. Wednesday's they also have 1/2 off bottles, so make it date night you won't regret it :)
3	So, I've been back to Cowfish, and this time I tried the sushi, as promised.  I had the Hi-5 roll, which was tasty, but entirely too wide.  We're talking pieces of sushi the size of hockey pucks, here.  The problem with that is, of course, that if you have to cut your sushi to fit it into your mouth, it falls apart.  We had an excellent server this time around, but I was still disappointed in the food.So... color me unimpressed.
3	Well it was interesting to say the least.  The calamari was cooked perfectly and I love the sweet chili sauce.  It was a little clumsy being on the bottom of the plate and not a dipping sauce but I can get over that.  We ordered the burgerushi.  I am not a sushi fan but my husband is that is why we ordered it.  Since it was a"burger" I was expecting it to be at least warm.  It was not it was not stone cold but not warm either.  The dessert was fabulous.  I would go again but order something different.
4	Whoaa...meat in a sushi roll????  I had the 'Lamb-Burgushi' roll and it straight up blew my mind.   From now on, when a server asks me how I'd like my lamb prepared, I'm going to say 'rolled'.Aside from the great menu, the server was cool and knew a lot about sushi and all the other concoctions they had to offer (including the drinks).Only downside is the noise.  There's a lot of racket in this place.
4	A couple friends brought me here and were raving about it the whole way there. Honestly, the hype made me nervous but thankfully it did not disappoint. The menu appeared straight forward. They had burgers and sushi, both of which I love on their own... but fusing them together to make burgushi?! What an unexpectedly delicious and unique concept.To start, we had Blackened Ahi Tuna Nachos which were wonton chips with a dollop of the house-made crab rangoon dip accompanied by pico de gallo and avocado topped with a slice of blackened ahi tuna seared rare and mixed greens. Fresh and delicious. I ordered the Mediterranean Lamb Burger for my entree. I've had many Mediterranean inspired burgers all over and this one had to be the best. The burger was cooked perfectly and the flash fried wedge of feta cheese on the burger was a nice touch.Everything from the service to the food was excellent. I look forward to my next trip to Charlotte just so I can eat here again.
5	Yum, yum & more yum! Fusion Bento Box is my favorite - I get it with regular fries & the mark's roll. Tuna nachos - AH-MA-ZING!!!!Martinis are awesome too & only $5 on Tuesdays!You'll love the decor - so hip & inviting.The service here is phenomenal; from being greeted immediately, to the wait staff, & the timing of order to table.Check out the bathrooms & learn a thing or two in foreign language!
5	AH-MAZING!!! I love this place!!! one of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte.. I dont think that was anything we ordered that I didnt like.. Very cute place and very good food... i found the food a bit different and unique... I highly recommend this place!
4	This is an update to my previous review from 6/13/2011 - It's only fair to point out the Cowfish had a representative contact me after my previous experience to apologize and recover my business.  I was impressed with their sincerity and effort.Furthermore, I've been back since this review, along with many friends, and the experiences have been great.
5	Cowfish is one of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte. The concept is great - I love the fact that I can have sushi and my friend can have a burger. The service is always great here too. It gets SUPER busy on the weekends but honestly, it is worth the wait, especially if you have some drinks at the bar. My favorites from the menu are the Ahi Tuna Nachos, the fried pickles, the crab rangoon dip, "THE BOSS" roll, and the make your own sushi - I love that they offer brown rice for sushi as well (so much better for you than white). If you want to try something new/amazing - try the Taste Explosion roll - OH MY GOD! Love this place.
5	I looooooove this place.  It has ousted Cajun Queen as the Jessica M's family favorite restaurant.  The food is amazing, decor is vibrant and fun (not to mention the "translations" in the bathroom - HILARIOUS), and staff is so friendly and attentive!  This is how every restaurant should be.  Packed on a Tuesday night, so you know it's good!  Must try the tuna nacho appetizer.  DEEEE-LICIOUS.  This was my birthday dinner pick, and it was all I could have hoped for and more.  If you're wondering - if you tell the server it is your birthday, they'll bring out the 3 layer pound cake/ice cream dessert with fruit and it is amazing.  The birthday song is pretty clutch, too!  We had our 2 year old with us and we got him one of the kids' bento boxes - so adorable!  Two sliders, fries, a cute little sushi rice smiley face, and a drink - perfect for the wee'un!  All in all, a fabulous dining experience.  I can't wait to go back!
5	I"ll make this nice and short. Went here on a business trip and sat at the bar with a friend. Very interesting electronic menu/display they had for everybody at the bar, something i've never seen before. We both ordered a burger, sushi as an appetizer, and dessert.The appetizer was nice and fresh (I eat a lot of sushi so I would know). And I like how it came out on a leaf, with ice underneath it, to keep the sushi cool. The burger came next and that was mouth-watering. Fries were decent, and their fried pickles are excellent (try them if you haven't before!). The dessert... oh man, was this good or what. The chocolate mousse cake I believe.. was spectacular.I would definitely recommend this place, but make sure to make reservations 1-2 weeks before you come if you come with a party of 4 or more! Otherwise, try your luck at the bar.
5	Here is a GREAT Burger!  First I'll start at the beginning!  Or at least the beginning of my first meal here!  I was so hungry I wanted to order some food just so my brain would function well enough to order a Salad or maybe even a Burger!  I did not see the salad I was looking for and I do not like salad on a empty stomach (rather have it at the end of the meal anyway).  Near the top of the menu I saw the Onion Rings, noticing they were "Thick Cut" I was tempted to get them anyway because they had a "Panko Coconut" Batter (I did not order them this first time).  As hungry as I was I would almost say it was a miracle that I read enough of the Appetizers to see one called "Sticks, Sweets and Strings" so I interrogated my Great Waiter about this and he told me that I could skip the "Sticks" (which are plain Fries - Probably a great move - I would rather write 5 star reviews than any other).  Great suggestion!  These Sweet Potato Fries were the BEST I have eaten up to this point in my life!  The Onion Straws (super thin sliced and lightly battered onion rings) were the BEST Onion Straws/Rings I have had in a Restaurant! !! !!!The Burger was Excellent!  I ordered it Medium Well (I think and I think the Chef was reading my mind though I did not meet the Chef until he brought my Burger to me).  Here is your flavor clue and it should be a BIG Clue: I intentionally ordered this Burger topped with only Red Onion, Pickles and a Bun in order to TASTE the Burger!  If a Burger is GREAT it should be able to "stand on its own" this one Stood well! !! !!  Incredible Flavor and PERFECTLY Cooked, an EASY 5 yelp stars!Onion Straws (now my "Onion Ring" list won't be so lonely) an Easy 5 stars!Sweet Potato Fries: Best I've eaten so far... 5 yelp stars!Fried Pickles, hummm maybe 3 stars compared to the other food here.Cowfish looks great and the service is excellent!  I did not pay attention to the prices until it was time to pay and I was expecting my bill to be more, so I checked it (everything was there)!  For the Volume and Quality this is a GREAT VALUE! !! !!!  That is why it is easy for me to say I will eat here again and soon!  If you are in the restroom and you want some restroom humor you will probably get some if you are in there long enough to wash your hands and you can ignore the signs, (well maybe pay attention until you get where you are going) though the signs are pretty cool too!Where they need help:  The Desserts could be Much, MUCH more creative!  Cowfish has put so much Creative Geniusry in the first part of their menu, the choices for Desserts and Coffee make it easy to pass!  I bet most people need an excuse for Dessert (NOT me) though I'm not ordering Dessert just for another photo.  It has to be good and I expect something Totally Unique from a place that has used their imagination so well on the mains!Minor Point: If you have never had Masala Chai you may enjoy this one.  What they served me was very good tasting Hot Spiced Tea and better than what most Indian restaurant call Masala Chai, yet what Cowfish calls Masala Chai is a far scream from what I have experienced as truly great Masala Chai (like you could get at Bollywood Bites).  Even so, what they served me had great flavor for hot tea.Tiny point:  the BBQ sauce was good (I had Three small dishes of it), though I expected it to be as good as everything else!  This is a tiny point to me because this is not a BBQ joint, though I did put it on my: Sweet Potato Fries, Burger and Onion strings (Best in the World)!
4	I loved my little bento box.  It's a bit pricey, but the flavors are delightful.
2	There are nights in the restaurant business when things don't go well - this was one of those nights. First, the bar mistakenly charged us for the wrong tab - a bill $10 higher than the right one. Then the martini with blue cheese olives came with peppered olives. After asking the bartender to find out what went wrong, he either ignored me or forgot.Food was fine and the table wait staff was good. In the end, complaints were met with words but little substantive action. Will proably give them another chance based on food prep but a repeat by the bar and the management will result in a significantly more negative review.
5	Hello, best dirty martini in town mixed with sushi and fried pickles! I've been to Cowfish a lot lately and finally MUST give it the ravest of reviews simply because the bartenders are killing it! My bartenders the last few times have been worked together to ensure my friends and I have the full waters, delicious drinks, and an overall perfect dining experiences. Yes, it's the busiest restaurant in town and yes, it's impossible to get a table but if you want stellar service feel free to "belly up to the bar". You won't regret it. I took a first date to Cowfish (he was a rookie) and asked our bartender to walk through the menu for him. She walked him through the vast menu, gave recommendations, and never rushed our order. We stopped drinking about 30 minutes before we left yet we were never asked to leave. If you're dying for a Fusion Bento Box and don't want to wait an hour hit the big bar and enjoy your new friends! It's like Cheers with better food.
5	Best Sushi I've ever had
5	I am constantly impressed by their customer service and amazing food. I swear they don't let anyone leave unhappy. How can you when the burgers are that good and the service is just fantastic! Thank you Cowfish!!
5	I am not usually one to write reviews, but I have to comment on the amazing cusomter service at The Cowfish. I have been to The Cowfish several times before and the food was excellent every time.  Yesterday, however, it took almost half an hour for our food to come out and when it did my food was lukewarm.  I am not usually one to complain, but this was really unbearable.  I ordered the fusion bento box, which comes with a sushi roll, mini burger, edamame, sweet potato fries and spicy cucumbers.  Everything that was supposed to be hot was cold, except for the edamame.  I told our waittress who was more than happy to bring me out a new order.  Before my new order arrived, the manager came over, sincerely apologized and told us (my boyfriend and I) that our entire meal was taken care of.  Yes, most restaurants will take one person's meal off the bill if it is not right, but this was simply above and beyond standard restauarant customer service.  You can tell this restaurant truly cares about customer satisfaction and wants everyone to have a great experience there.  One piece of food advice: get the crab rangoon dip for an appetizer, it is amazing!
1	I called for a reservation on a wed night at 5pm.  The message says leave a message for same day reservations. I made a 8pm reservation for five. After no call I asked about the status of my request. They said their reservations were full, but I'm welcome to come in and wait for a table. What makes you think I want to visit your place after getting blown off for two hours. What a waste of time. Go screw!
4	I'm sure Cowfish does not need another review telling the world how amazing they are, but, of course, I'm going to input anyway.  I've been trying to come here for the past year and it has always been busy.  Except this past Tuesday night!Here is the food breakdown:1) Blackened Ahi Tuna Nachos- There is a dash of the crab rangoon dip here so you don't have to order the Crab Rangoon appetizer (supposedly portioned for larger tables per our waitress).  I was not a huge fan on the tuna, but my boyfriend inhaled it pretty fast.2) The Hunka burger- LOVE the combination!  Who would have thought peanut butter, bananas, and bacon could make magic like this?!  Seems like the bacon really pulls everything together.  The portion is fairly large and we only ordered it with one Hunka.  Maybe you can double dare me to do the Hunka Hunka next time.3) Cowfish Bento Box- this one is a little more fluff than meat.  You get generous portions of sweet potato fries, cucumber salad, and edamame.  The mini cheeseburger is truly mini and the sushi portion is small as well.  Nevertheless, the plate is filling and definitely worth trying for newbies.4) Magnificent Mango Martini- Tuesdays are $5 martini nights and they sure do know how to mix you a good one here!  This one is more sweet vs. strong and definitely worth trying!The aura of this place is something else.  From the hilarious wall decor to the bathroom conversation tapes- I cannot wait to come back and try something else from their ginormous menu.  Go Cowfish- keep up the spectacular work!
5	By far one of the most amazing mix ups of American and Japanese flavors!  Starting with the appetizers you will be challenged to choose one!  My favorite is the Blackened Tuna Nachos..which mix the Crab Rangoon Dip (my 2nd favorite app), guacamole, ahi tuna, sprouts all on top of a wonton.  Sounds crazy, looks crazy and tastes amazing!  For dinner, the selections are also endless.  I always order a mixture of rolls..must have Riggs Roll (topped with a crab cake), and Mark' Roll (all around hotness!)!  For desert do not miss the milkshakes!  I can not pick a favorite because I get a different one every time!  If there is a wait, it is worth it.  Also ask your waiter for a menu tour and you will have an even harder time deciding!  Great for families, friends, entertaining, first dates, and any other occasion you may be celebrating!  (Congratulations) to the owners, chefs, and staff at Cowfish!
4	Great Ambiance, Courteous & Helpful Service, Good Food at Great Price.Had a lazy late lunch here and was pleasantly surprised with the warmth of the staff. The place and some guests tend to get a little loud but that's alright.Good fun.
5	I can't believe I have not visited here sooner!! I loved the bar, the outside seating and the entire restaurant vibe.  I had the deliverance roll, the Greek roll, the burgershushi roll and the cucumber wrapped roll - all very good.  A great place to hang with friends and people watch.
5	I went here with family back way back during Christmas time.  I love the funky atmosphere when you walk in.  It was a busy friday night so we had to wait for a table.  This gave us a chance to get a few drinks at the bar, they had a good beer selection.  We were sat after a short wait and really enjoyed the calamari appetizer.  For an entree I ordered the the whats shakin' tuna bacon sandwich.  That was a DELISH! The bun was filled with Kani and Rice.  Made for a great sandwich sushi combo.  I had also tried the suchi roll my brother ordered and that was also delish.  I never tried the burgers but next time I stop I will probably give them a try.My 3 year old daughter really enjoyed the chicken tenders as well.  Which says a lot considering she is the pickiest eater.
4	Had the fried pickles, turkey burger, and thai cucumber salad. All were really good and would order them again.Previously I've had the cheese burger and veggie burger. Everything I've had here has been great.  Haven't tried the sushi yet though.  Great spot to eat outside when the weather was nice. This past weekend, we went on Sunday for lunch. A few more children there than I preferred.  Ordinarily, it's not a the kind of place that people think about taking children.The Japanese-Country language translations in the bathroom are hilarious.
4	Sushi & Burgers...what a great combination! There is something on the menu for everyone. Since I'm a vegetarian, it's hard to go to restaurants and find good food options but Cowfish definitely had that covered. I created my own sushi roll with all kinds of veggie options and their sweet potato fries were THE best!It's in a great a location as well. I've heard the wait is usually really long (1.5-2 hours) but our wait was only 20 minutes so it was perfect.I'm not from Charlotte but my friends are and they eat at Cowfish all the time. Next time I visit, will definitely make it a point to eat here again.
5	Delicious.  I just moved to Charlotte and wanted something different and new.  Couldn't have chose a more perfect combo of the two.  I had the tasty explosion and a spicy tuna roll and both were great.  The fusion of burger and sushi was really cool.  Will def be back. My waiter Trip, yes that was his name, was very friendly and was knowledgeable of the menu as it is quite different from anything you'll see at other restaurants.  I highly highly recommend the Burgushi portion of the menu.  You can go anywhere and get a good burger or sushi but to combine the two and do it so well, good luck finding that somewhere else.Be prepared for a fairly long wait if you come here on weekend night after 6.  The bar is first come first serve like usual so if your a party of two i recommend that for sure.
4	as ridiculous as the wait is on the weekends, it's worth it!  I don't think I've ever eaten or drank something here that I haven't liked! a couple dishes have really stuck with me because they were too delicious to forget.. like the seared sesame tuna, and the truffle fries! Among the fusion sushi specialties, I'm not even going to attempt listing all the good ones, because I've never eaten a bad roll here! The concept of this restaurant itself is great; there aren't too many places that serve up the sushi - burger combination! The ambiance is neat, and the staff very friendly. But not everything about Cowfish is praise worthy. There are a couple negatives in addition to the long wait times. the menu is ridiculously extensive, and therefore confusing! and... the prices are kinda crazy too (specially the sushi.) The burgers & sandwiches are decently priced, but can't say the same about the sushi, appetizers or drinks. Probably not a place to go to every other week, but definitely worth visiting at least a couple times (like i said, the menu is too long, and one visit just won't be enough!)!
5	First let me say, the food is amazing.  Ahi Tuna Nachos rock my world and all of their specialty sushi rolls make for an interesting meal venture.What gives this place, to me at least, the full five stars is the customer service.  When managing such an "in" place as The Cowfish, everything needs to run smoothly and have a great staff in place.  This was proved last night when the patio was full and the place was packed!  A minor glitch in the system happened when it started pouring rain.  Luckily most tables on the patio were almost finished and hussled out, but my friend and I literally just got our appetizer (the greatest nacho creation ever) and drinks (they carry Bells's!!!).  A few umbrellas were moved and we dined in the rain.  It was beautiful out and the patio was EMPTY.  Made for a great experience and the food couldn't have been better.  The management staff and a few different waiters came to check on us numerous times, braving the rain (which we both kept laughing at) and made it a memerable time.  I will definiatly be going back to the Cowfish, not only for some of the greatest sushi and such a GREAT menu, but for the ultimate customer service that is so hard to find.  KUDOS to the staff!!!
3	My entourage (or was I part of the entourage?) decided to stop by The Cowfish for more food after the Yama yelp event.  I vetoed, but then no one ever listen to me :pSo to The Cowfish we went.  Instead of being disappointed by their food again, I went for the $5 martini special as my entree.  The chocolate dipped fortune cookie martini was GRRREAT!  It was recommended as one of the stronger ones, and I was pleasantly impressed.  The presentation was cute, with a fortune cookie on the rim.  And 10oz was a good portion.I tasted a bite or two of the Arnold Hamandegger burger, and a few pieces of miscellenous sushi.  I have to say, their burgers are better than the sushi.  We're now back to 3 stars... a-ok, all because of the martini and the burger.
4	Fresh sushi, awesome fusion, service ok. Loud but lively.
5	Great sushi and great burgers. Cowfish really gives you everything you could want. I suggest deciding on a few entrees that can be shared between everyone to sample some of the variety of dishes they offer. Also, if you are a big eater I would recommended an appetizer to supplement your entree. I left wanting a bit more, but still satisfied. I highly recommend the blackened tuna roll, its the perfect blend of flavors in nicely presented roll. Definitely worth a try if you are into sushi or burgers or both!
4	Some of the best sushi in Charlotte. Very creative rolls, good service, & nice atmosphere. My only complaint would be there are maybe too many options? Not really a bad thing, it just makes it tough to decide cause it all sounds amazing.
5	When I think about the restaurants I love they all have something in common other than my endearment- my parents would probably like them too. I think that's what sold me on Cowfish. Sure it's got a hip, swank, rather loud vibe going on, but the food is solid all the way around. I wasn't with my parents but I was with a friend with a meat & potatoes palate so Cowfish was a no brainer. I get my sashimi, tasty drinks, and a bison burger, and he gets his Dr. Pepper, Chocolate milkshake, and lamb burger (stripped of everything, of course) and everybody is happy and full. Btw- the bison burger here was hands down one of the tastiest burgers I've ever had- props to putting chipotle seasoning to good use! If the price is deterring you a bit- it might help to realize you'll probably have a take home box so it's plenty of food for the average eater. A couple ok parts: our server seemed a bit exhausted- and watching some of the other servers they all seemed a bit "eh" but overall it was still a great experience. Oh...I'm going to sound really old saying this, but the music was rather loud.
3	I want to like this place. It's reasonably creative, the space is nice, and there's an outdoor alley type place where your can sit on couches and have a drink while you wait to get seated. Still it's just not that good. My burger was pretty tough and just didn't really add up to more than the sum of it's parts. On the other hand, the quality of the fish they use for sushi is pretty solid.I've been twice and it'll probably be enough for me but it's still worth a look.
4	Very amusing sushi joint. First off the decor is amazing tons of pop art and fish tanks. I had gotten veggie sushi and crab roll and both were amazing.
5	What can I say other than I LOVE COWFISH! One of the best restaurants in Charlotte. A great place to satisfy your raw fish and burger cravings all in one visit. The menu is extensive. I personally have a love/hate relationship with the menu. There is almost too much to choose from and you can do some serious damage to your wallet there. Also, be prepared to wait for a table. There is always a wait but the bar and bar tables are first come first serve. For as many times as I have been to Cowfish, I have NEVER been seated at a table. We usually go straight to the bar to begin our Cow and Fish experience.This last visit ,we had the Ahi Tuna Salad (YUMMO) as an appetizer. The fish literally melts in your mouth and the seaweed salad is seasoned perfectly. Note, seaweed has a very unique texture. one I happen to love but if you are one of those who can't handle squishy, crunchy and slimy all in one bite, perhaps the Ahi alone is more your speed (and there is nothing wrong with that, just sayin)My husband and I both had Bento Boxes. I feel this is a good lunch choice. A little beef, a little sushi and some extra yummies added in the box. Who knew Edamame and Sweet potato fries would taste so good together.Because we always sit at the bar, I can't comment on the wait staff but the bar staff is superb. Very attentive, knowledgeable and because the bar is always heavily staffed, you will get very fast service.
4	Quality dinner with a side of Ric Flair. Wooo!
4	Great place for good food at a reasonable price considering the neighborhood that it's located in. They offer some excellent burgers and sushi plus sushiesque burgers for those interested in fusion foods. It's got a trendy and modern flare. The major downside to this place is definitely the wait. There was an extremely long wait for the restaurant and our group could've sworn that friends/"familiars" of workers at the establishment were being seated ahead of us. We waited nearly 90 minutes to get seated. Aside from the wait, the food was excellent. I the Hunka Hunka Burnin' Love burger and must say it was awesome! The food was so good that I ended up eating half of my coworker's burger too. Be sure to order the sweet potato fries and fried pickles! They go great with the burgers.
4	I've never seen nor heard of a sushi + burger place, not even in Japan, but it turns out to be a great combo for one reason alone; using sashimi as a topping on your burger.  That's right, why choose between getting fish or getting beef? Get the best of both worlds!  I added two pieces of yellowtail sashimi to my burger and it was a great combo...that is a rare opportunity to get together.The environment is good too, especially for kids (and the young at heart) with interactive games and video material built into the bar.  Great staff too.  The fries were no good, and the immovable bar stools meant that the three people in my group could barely hear each other without leaning over A LOT (which is not comfortable and impossible to do while eating).  Those things keep it from being perfect, but I would not hesitate to come here again.
3	Everytime we have visted here, we have had sushi & an appetizer. This past weekend, I decided to try the bento fusion box. I will say the sweet potato fries were very tasty, the cucumber salad was pretty good and the sushi was delish. The edamame was very dry and my mini-burger was way too rare.  I thought it was assumed to cook well, unless diner specifies other. Can do my steaks medium-medium-well, but not my burgers. I was pretty full from the sushi and fries, so I did not make a stink about the mooing burger and dry edamame.Maybe  I will stick to what I know here- the SUSHI.
5	Fantastic restaurant, great service, great location.Menu is extensive and sooo hard to choose what to have when you eat there.You have to try the premium combo platter - just be a little adventurous!Highly recommended if eating in the South Park area.
5	I went to eat dinner here on Friday May 11,it was crowded and waited about an hour to be seated. Once we were seated i enjoyed a berry berry good martini and my boyfriend had kirin light beer, all was well and all the staff was courteous. We didn't have any appetizers. We ordered Porkey's Revenge, Garlic Salmon Roll, Taste Explosion and a Crispy Salmon skin hand roll. I have posted pics for you all to view and they are at the end of the line.  For the most part everything was tasty and  I would definitely go back and recommend friends....it was also worth the wait.
2	I had spicy tuna roll and California roll. I thought not that good quality.They are using cheap imitation crab. (I can tell, I'm Japanese.)I wasn't satisfy for that sushi neta's quality and price. But it's nice environment though. I'll pick Yama to have sushi instead the cowfish around there.
5	Very neat place, I was really impressed by their awesome selection of burgers & sushi.Baker, our server, was extremely helpful without being pushy or overbearing. Knowledgeable about the menu items and checked on us pretty regularly. Apple pie wontons are delicious!! Although they are a bit difficult to consume after having eaten way too much food... Awesome selection of teas, sake and other alcoholic drinks. Sushi was some of the best I've had in charlotte, very fresh.The outdoor seating was awesome, great view.Will definitely go back here!!
4	I just recently visited this restaurant this past Saturday. I was visiting South Park for the first time and was trying to decide on lunch. I went when lunch started, the hosts were really friendly. My server was excellent. This restaurant seems pretty popular because it started to get a nice crowd of traffic within 30mins. We were helped immediately we did not have any complaints. (I ordered a chicken salad, which was delicious. And I created my own sushi roll.)
4	Grilled Chicken Salad with Cashews, strawberries and Goat cheese is amazing.
5	We were in on Sunday- again sat at the bar. Right after our food came out a guy came and hovered over us and asked us to "scoot" down a seat so he and his family could sit together and watch the soccer match. Normally this wouldn't be a huge deal but like I said- we just got our food and I didn't want to move- I wanted to eat my burger darnit! He clearly wasn't moving so we went ahead and made the move. The female bartender (again, wish I could remember her name!) could see we were agitated and went and spoke to the manager who came over and thanked us for moving and gave us 2 free appetizer cards to use on our next visit. I thought this was a nice touch considering it wasn't something the restaurant caused. I was already in love with the ambiance and food but this really sealed the deal for making this my favorite restaurant in Charlotte. Already looking at the menu online an trying to decide what app I am going to order next time I am there!
5	Words cannot simply express how we feel about their food.Everything we have had there so far has been incredible. We are moving soon to Raleigh and lucky for us they are opening a location there. I think we would still have traveled to Charlotte for a taste of their delicious food.I highly suggest their chipotle bison.
4	Purists of both the sushi and burger variety are sure to frown on a restaurant that combines two seemingly disparate menu items, but for the rest of us, Cow fish is top notch! The well-decorated restaurant offers a full menu's worth of burgers as well as a solid sushi menu with both traditional items (such as tuna rolls and single slice nigiri) but also offers the more "fusion" style rolls which include things like red meat, veggies and fried rolls. While I wanted this to be a 5-star restaurant, the service was not quite good enough to put it over the top. The staff while friendly, bungled a couple of our orders, and could have been a bit more attentive. Even so, the charm of the menu, the building and the staff makes it a "must" for anyone in the Charlotte area.
5	Great place!  I had the black truffle cheese burger which was the BEST burger I've ever had. My wife's sushi roll was absolutely fantastic.  Service was outstanding.  Our server really knew her stuff and was pleasant and attentive without being intrusive.  We will definitely be back.  I wish they had one of these in the University area, so we wouldn't have to go so far, but not even the time will keep us away.
5	As it was my first trip to Charlotte, my boss treated me to the Cowfish for lunch on a Saturday. It is located right next to South Park mall on an intersection so you won't miss it. The restaurant is spacious with some interesting artwork and paintings. My personal favorite was a painting of a Chinese Buddha with a Elvis face on it.The restaurant is famous for both their burgers and sushi, especially the fusion of the two, and the name is? wait for it...."Bergushi"! Coming from an Asian background, never would I have thought sushi and burgers would go well together, so I had to give it a try!!!I ordered their popular Bergushi-- "Taste Explosion"! The plate had sushi rolls evenly spread out, topped with different sauces with a hint of pesto on top. The rolls looked like as if their were fried, but it's actually the tempura crust (which is deep-fried). First of all, the dish looked amazing, and as I put it in my mouth, the taste LITERALLY EXPLODED in my mouth. The burger meat with different veggies and a layer of bacon wrapped around by the tempura sushi rice, The beef, sushi rice, celery, carrots, onion, bacon, pesto, slice of tomato...etc, all come together and bust in your mouth!! I'd say the name of the dish is incredibly fitting.Overall it was a very, very enjoyable experience, I definitely had a "foodgasm." Can't wait to go back again!!
2	Foodis okay but hire more wait staff. Tired of waiting.
4	(3.5/4) Snazzy menu with unique dishes. Check.Solid ingredients. Most definitely.Adorable cow-fish mutant logo. Where can I buy t-shirts with this? Service that automatically offered to split a check for a table of 9. Double CheckFood. Half Check. I sort of came with high expectations but I will try to keep it objective. Serving sizes were huge. Our table was full before the entrees even arrived. I blame the menu. It makes you want to try everything. For appetizers we got calamari, ahi tuna nachos, fried pickles, and truffle fries. Truffle fries were the best--skinny cut and topped with creamy sauce. The topping of the nachos were great as well but I didn't care of the wonton. It didn't quite add to the flavors and fell apart before I could even eat it. Fried pickles, I guess, are a southern staple and unfortunately just not for me. Finally, the calamari was a major disappointment with the 2-1 batter-to-squid ratio. My entree was the 'taste explosion' roll which was disappointing. The flavors were interesting but there was too much rice in my roll and as a result turned into a carb-filled car crash when deep fried. For a generalist food fan, it might have been enjoyable, but it was much too heavy for a sushi roll.  I shared a spiked shake -- Sleepless in Brooklyn -- with a neighbor which was basically like your typical vanilla shake with some spiced rum and kahlua. Server recommended it and I'd probably try something more flavorful next time. I'm not sold on "burgushi" itself yet but I can't deny that this is a good restaurant. It has a lot of charm as well given the odd couple of burger and sushi as well as the strange voices and music playing the bathroom. Don't forget to sign up for the mailing list for a free appetizer coupon! A friend of mine got the Doug's filet roll which had rare filet mignon on top--I probably would have liked that better. P.s. Thanks Jonathan B. for the recommendation!
4	Being from New York City and having tried many different cuisines I was definitely impressed. We ordered the truffle fries, nachos, and fried pickles as our appetizers. The truffle fries were delish, but I mean you can never really go wrong with truffle. The fried pickles were pretty good and the nachos were semi decent because of the avocado. I ordered the fusion box because I couldn't choose between a burger and sushi. I was definitely satisfied with my choice. The specialty roll that came with the box was very good-little spicy and very flavorful. The mini burger wasn't bad but not the best I've ever had. I usually dont like sweet potato fries but they were very crispy and good. I also ordered a spiked shake ( the no sleep til brooklyn) and it was a nice tasty way to cool off! As far as service goes, I was very impressed with our waiter. We were in a large group and he brought all of us separate checks which is pretty unusual in New York City so I was appreciative of that. My only warning would be to NOT sit outside on a very hot day (which is every night during the summer in good ole charlotte). Everyone basically ended up packing their food because it was way too hot to eat anything. All in all, it was a great experience!
2	After hearing a lot about Cowfish, we finally checked it out for lunch.  There was a 15 minute wait for a table, so we sat at the sushi bar.  C ordered the Chinese chicken salad, and while it was very good, a few of the ingredients were not the freshest.  She enjoyed it, and would get it again.I should know better than to have sushi anywhere but an authentic Japanese restaurant, as this was very disappointing.  As soon as I saw the rice in the yellowtail hosomaki, I could tell it was not made properly.  Overcooked (with a mushy texture) is not how it is supposed to be done.  Though it may take five years to learn how to make perfect sushi rice, I have to think a restaurant of this caliber could produce something better than what I was served.  The yellowtail was just fair.  The spicy tuna hand roll was probably the weakest one I've ever had(!)  Large, clumsy chunks of grade B tuna, a bland sauce and limp cucumber strips.....I don't think so.Well, maybe the burgers are better..
5	The sushi and burger combinations are amazing. The sweet potato fries are very good, but cucumber side I could have done without. Very good service overall.
3	We went to Cowfish at 6:00 on Sunday night.  We were greeted at the door and were informed that the wait was between 30 minutes and an hour.  This seemed a little odd for a Sunday evening.  After we placed our name on the list, we made our way to the fountain to pass the time.  The first thing we noticed was the patio had many open tables.  It looked like they were short staffed that night.  We ended up waiting for 45 minutes for our table and were seated on the patio at a table that was open for our entire wait!  Our server was helpful and courteous and summarized the long menu for us.  Overall the food was fine.  Cowfish will not be at the top of my list when dining in the SouthPark area.
4	the plating was not the best,and our waiter got lost,but the food was spot on!
5	Amazing , what a concept burgers and sushi ! Long wait on a Friday night, but got a hot spot at the bar, with a friend.. What a meal ! Start with tuna-tini, ridiculous, caterpillar roll, and then a shrimp volcanic roll, with a spicy sauce OMG! So delicious My god so satisfied ! We even had dessert, this colossal chocolate mousse thing.. good but totally put me over the edge !I love sushi and was wowed by, the service, the food, the vibe and fantastic sushi ! I wish there was another location near me ! Mr. Cowfish owner open something in MA !!
4	The Cowfish is a unique fusion restaurant located in the Southpark shopping complex in Charlotte. To say that this place is popular is an understatement. Four of us arrived for an early dinner before taking a friend to the airport and the place was packed. When we left the restaurant it was the more traditional dinner hours and there were tons of people waiting at the bar and outside for a table. The idea of a sushi and burger fusion restaurant is very unique and allows the menu to suit the needs of many different tastes. The menu is large there are both traditional and japanese appetizers and entrees. The Cowfish also has some interesting drink offerings including a wide array of alcoholic milkshakes. Our table ordered several hard milkshakes and an additional cocktail. Everyone was pleased with the drinks. For an appetizer we had the edamame flight which features four different seasonings (Sea Salt, Wasabi Ranch, Cajun Sriracha and Sesame Salt). The table loved the Sriracha but they were all very tasty. We also had a seaweed salad which was fantastic. For entrees, two people order the Cowfish bento box which features a mini slider burger, sushi, sweet potato fries, sweet and spicy cucumbers, and edamame. The bento box was good. You get to pick the sushi style and although not the best sushi I have ever had it was very flavorful and well rolled. The other people at the table got a sushi roll and a build your own sushi. They also enjoyed the sushi platters. Overall, it isn't the best sushi on the planet but it is good. In closing, the food is good, the service was alright, and the environment is trendy. The place is trying to do something different and I cannot fault them for that. This is a place that you will be happy you tried since it is so different. Like some other reviewers, there were some ordering mixups and some food didn't arrive or was delayed. However the manager came over to us, explained his regrets, and made sure that everything was taken care of. Very much a class act. Personally, I would go back and tell anyone to check this place out.
3	A solid 3 stars.While shopping at Express in the nearby mall the sales assistant suggested this place to eat at. The concept is great who doesn't love burgers and sushi? Located near the mall and in a very nice area Cowfish is an ideal place to grab lunch or dinner.We had no wait but we got seated towards the back where all the kitchen commotion was. A bit loud and not as aesthetically pleasing as the rest of the restaurant we dealt with it. Our server was a bit cold and not as hospitable as other places we visited in North Carolina.We started off with appetizers. The seaweed salad was nicely presented in a glass and was tasty. The Parmesan truffle fries was huge! The portion was more than enough for three people. We couldn't even get halfway through the fries. The truffle flavor wasn't there and was overpowered by the bacon bits. I also got a salmon skin hand roll which isn't too different from any other Japanese restaurants.My group also ordered two bento boxes. Each bento box included a slider of the week, sushi, sweet potato fries, edamame, and a cucumber salad. The slider was less than stellar. Too much goat cheese and not enough of everything else. I felt like I was just eating cheese. The sushi was alright not anything out of the ordinary. The sweet potato fries were outstanding though! If i'm ever in this area again i'll probably make a trip back to this place. But don't consider driving far just because the concept is alluring.
5	If you are looking for a fun playful sushi restaurant Cowfish is the place to go. I have been to the sister restaurant Eez in Birkdale Village. When I heard the owner was opening a new restaurant I had to try the place out.  Remember if you are going to Cowfish to expect a long wait and if you cannot accept that than go early or choose somewhere different. The wait is well worth the delicious food and drinks offered. I ordered a Manhattan from the bar as we waited and this drink was definitely worthy of the cost. It was a very deliciously concocted and as per Manhattan the Maker's Mark was not weak. To start dinner we ordered the crab rangoon dip which was amazing. In hindsight we did not need to order this app but it was delicious nonetheless. We the ordered a sushi roll each. Having eaten at Eez we knew that the rolls here are huge but once again little did we know one of the plates was massive! We ordered The Motherload which would have been perfect for my boyfriend and I to share. It had so much fish and was definitely a great value. We also ordered another roll that does not come to mind but we loved everything!I would definitely recommend The Cowfish however if you live closer to the lake or just want sushi check out Eez by the same folks and you will not be dissapointed.
5	Awesome combination of burgers and sushi! First time I got a bento box with a burger slider, sweet potato fries, and sushi ... super yummy. Give it a try!
4	I'm ... not.... sure what to make of this place. First it's not the kind of place I usually eat I'm not a big fan of 'fusion' I prefer a more traditional approach. It's either this or that and combing things usually doesn't work for me.  So Burgers and Sushi?  (That being said you might want to take what I'm about to say with a large grain of salt)  Ok so I started with a key lime pie martini YUMMY good start. We got the appetizer combo, the onion rings were the tasty thin kind, the french fries were the standard fare thin cut fries, the sweet potato fried were really REALLY good. My first inclination was to get a burger because I spotted a couple that looked really good on the  way in. But that seemed a waste in such a unique restaurant so I decided on the Taste Explosion roll on their Burgerushi (sp?) menu. This was meant to be a hamburger/sushi combo. It's ground beef flavored with jalapenos (mostly) rolled in a sushi-like roll then deep fried.  It was .... ok I guess eh. (see and you'd  think that would be AWESOME right??). Mom had a salad with a cheeseburger patty on top I had a taste of the patty and it was really good. My sis and bro in law had sushi that they were very happy with. Apparently they have really good sushi and really good burgers and an excellent beer selection but I can't help but think  that there are cheaper places to get those thing. The service was also excellent. The atmosphere was all hip and modern and such but it was also loud. So if you're looking for a quiet intimate dinner look elsewhere. I vacillated between 3 and 4 stars I decided to round it up based on the fact that I may have ordered poorly and the recognition that this is not really my kind of place (I was there to start with because sis and bro in law took us).
4	Burgers?  And sushi?  In the same restaurant?  Whoa - what an amazing concept!  Seriously, this place just might be heaven.  Or a very close, very busy facsimile.  Either way, despite its flaws, I love the Cowfish.  This place, apparently, is almost always busy.  We came here on a Sunday afternoon at like 3:30, and we still had to wait 25 minutes for a table.  Apparently lunch doesn't end until 4:00, which we didn't know, but we got seated just in time to get served "lunch" (which was a total hurray moment for us).Once we got seated, everything was smooth sailing.  Well, sort of.  The biggest problem was narrowing down the plentiful menu to decide what we wanted.  We finally decided to order the coconut battered onion rings.  I have to say, these were pretty darn tasty, and the sweet chili sauce with it was pretty yummy as well (my partner says the same thing about the wasabi aioli, but I'm not a horseradish person).  Unfortunately, these would have been better had we gotten them as an actual appetizer, but the kitchen was backed up and we didn't get them until after we'd gotten our entrees.  Still, they were delish.We decided we both wanted burgers and sushi, but we couldn't decide if we wanted one of their lunch bentos.  We decided to get a sushi combo and burger separately, and then we split them.  We decided to get the Arnold Hamandegger, which was pretty good.  The meat in the burger was very moist and flavorful, but the overall burger was not as impressive as the patty itself.  We also decided to get the Spicy Crunchy Roll combo, which was pretty good as well (although not very spicy).  I decided to add some sriracha to the rolls, and they were really good.  The fish in the roll was awesome, but again, the overall roll was not as impressive.Their sides are superbly delicious.  I had the sweet and spicy Thai cucumbers, which were very delicious and just the right level of spiciness.  I also had the edamame, which were perfectly cooked and seasoned to bring out their awesome buttery flavor.  Additionally, they offer some really wonderful sounding drinks and dessert, but we did not get any.  Next trip I will definitely have to try some of that.Service was pretty good, with the exception of getting our appetizer late.  Our server was attentive and nice, so I can't complain (it wasn't her fault anyway).  They do have a pretty big waiting area, and you can also sit around the bar.   Parking does not seem like a problem; while you can't always find a spot in that plaza, there is plenty of mall parking very close, so you don't have to walk too far.  The decor is bright and fun, but it tends to be very loud in there.  I could barely near my partner talking, and he sat right in front of me at the table.As far as prices go, they are a little pricey, but you also get quality food for your money.  You can expect to pay about $10-15 per person at lunch time, and more like $15-25 per person at dinner time, depending on what you order (not including drinks or dessert).If you come here before dinner time, you can make a reservation, in case you don't want to wait.  They take reservations every day from 11-6, which seems pretty helpful if you like to eat early, but you still have long waits if you want to eat at a later time.All in all, this place has good ingredients, good food, and good service.  However, expect it will probably be busy and loud, even if you go at an "off" time.
3	I would love have given this place 5 stars based on the food and atmosphere, service and drinks but I had a bad reaction to the lamb burger later that evening. I narrowed it down because my girlfriend did not get sick. The shrimp, crab dip and crab cakes were good and the lamb burger with fried feta tasted great at the time but was a little to much for my stomach.
4	This is my go-to place to bring out of towners, and it never disappoints. It's a unique concept that features great food and service. They have a ton of options and servers offer great suggestions. Just be prepared to wait. After 7:00 it's almost always packed.
5	Cool place and delicious food.  Got sashimi and a salmon skin hand roll.
4	The first time I went to Cowfish I waited 1.5 hours and got the Motherload- which was a HUGE disappointment. However, when I shared my experience with friends too many people were shocked by that so we went back for round two- and thank God we did! The Deliverance roll, a pulled pork roll covered in bacon coleslaw, was easily one of the best rolls I have ever had! The crab rangoon dip comes out blazing hot, so beware, because it is so good you will burn yourself unable to slow down. I'm a fan for sure- but primetime dining hours are a beast of a wait so come early or go on a weekday to fully appreciate this place.
3	The short version (out of 5)Flavor: 3Originality: 5Presentation: 3There a few restaurants that have sushi and burgers on the same menu. I can't think of any that combine the two to make a burgushi.  Quite innovative in the preparation. The rice is pressed with crabmeat to form the "bun" with the sushi elements the middle. Can't say it would be something I would crave but it is different in terms of texture and flavor. It would be something I would recommend people try at least once.I also tried the Elvis burger. Fried bananas, bacon, and believe it or not peanut butter. If its good enough for the King right? The first thing that hits you when you bite into it is indeed the peanut butter. It is lathered in there serving like a congealed glue holding the sweetness of the banana and the crunchy saltiness of the bacon. And then you get to the familiar taste of beef. It is quite a combination of flavors but can be "heavy" in taste to some. Not something you would eat on a daily basis though or else you'd want to end up like the King.On a side note. If you have kids, I would recommend against ordering the chicken nuggets. They seemed overly processed and had the taste beat out of them. Very bland considering tofu had more flavor than these. I guess kids might not mind.Overall, an intriguing place worth trying once.
4	Fun atmosphere and great sushi! A little loud for a romantic night out, but great for groups.
5	Very enjoyable dinner!  The service was excellent, the food was tasty, and the prices were reasonable. Manager stopped by after he heard it was our first visit and gave us a $5 coupon for next time, and there will definitely be a next time.
2	We drive 2 hrs to get to this place & all of our previous experiences have been excellent. We usually go between 4 & 5pm to avoid the wait. The food is always great. The service is hit or miss. It's a loud place and pretty much anything goes as far as the staff is concerned. They stop & chat with each other rather loudly, watch tv, or huddle together and people watch. Not professional at all. In the past we've been fortunate to have great waitresses. We ordered the Crab Rangoon Dip, Pan-Seared Lump Crab Cakes, Deliverance Roll, & the Riggs R&R Crab Cake Roll. We get the dip regularly & the chips were refrigerator cold. They've never been that way before. She offered to bring us more chips but assured us they'd be exactly the same since they "fry a big batch in the morning". The whole point was to try a little of everything but our waitress seemed as if she couldn't be bothered with us so we cut our visit/order short. It's usually a nice place to go & leisurely enjoy a good meal. Bad attitude? Chip on her shoulder? Maybe. Not rude just unpleasant.How do you tell the manager his/her waitress has a sucky attitude? You don't because essentially she did what she was supposed to do; took our orders then brought the food out. She asked most her questions with a touch of snark. What's the point of asking if we've been to the restaurant before at the end of the meal? Guess I wasn't worthy of a water refill either. I don't need to be tongue kissed in the mouth to have a nice dining experience, but don't toss me your butt to smooch either. To leave anything less than a 20% tip would've been trashy on our part. You're welcome.
4	I've been here a couple times, and although it's a bit pricy, they have quality food and the portions are large.For their burger, I tried the Hunka Hunka Burn'n Love, which was good, but make sure you like sweet before you order this one, because it's super sweet due to the Hawaiian bread, fried banana and peanut butter. The seaweed salad was good and crunchy, but share it with other people at your table if you expect to finish it off and still have room for your meal.The sushi rolls have been good each time, except the Yellowtail was VERY hard and low on flavor, totally opposite of all other sushi places in town.
4	Yum! I'm a big fan of the bento box. It's pretty filling and full of a variety of good flavors. And if you're a whiskey drinker like me, check out the Not So Old Fashioned,
5	Pleasantly surprised.  We went for lunch and the selection was amazing  and quite different but a bit overwhelming.  Our waiter Nic new the menu thoroughly and explained it all and even suggested some great  We shared a lobster and crab spring roll which was delicious and I got the pastrami burger which was equally delicious  I got to witness one server meeting with the owners to do his final test   He had to explain the menu as if explaining it to a customer.  It is my understanding they go through a lot of training and studying and it sure shows.Our glasses were never empty and the establishment is very clean.  It"s got a great patio to sit outside but we chose to stay cool inside.Definitely check out the menu online before going so you get an idea of the kind of food they have
4	Awesome concept!! Love the combination of sushi and land.. I love my spicy tuna roll, but I tried the prime time roll with filet and lobster... Amazing!! Service was awesome and the outside patio was great!! Will definitely return!
4	Super good! Had the mediterranean burger and had them add kalamata olives! Rock on!
5	Edamame sampler = the BEST!!  Even my 6-yr-old son loves this!
4	Great atmosphere and great burgers.Me and one of my friends went here because we heard the burgers were good. (I'm not a sushi person, but people come here for that as well) And I have to say that the burgers were a nice size for the price. I was able to get fried pickles as a side and that was amazing!We also had awesome service too. Two thumbs up for this place!
5	I heart Cowfish! Great place for bringing out of towners for great sushi - you could build your own sushi!, orange creamsicle shake - oh em gee, and crispy sweet potato fries. Every single of my friends who have been brought to the place, thoroughly enjoyed  the food that was offered. It's trendy, fun-lounge like, and upbeat environment to be in!Love it here!
4	I don't think there is a better dinner value anywhere in Charlotte than the Bento Box at the Cowfish. A yummy roll, a little burger slider, those great sweet potato fries, and my favorite - the cucumber salad! What more could you ask for???I also really liked the different 'flavors' of edamame and the seared sesame tuna appetizer is delicious!The Cowfish is always reliably good. And on a nice evening, there's no better spot than the patio.  The Cowfish is also always reliably packed, so be prepared for a wait!
5	I travel a lot for work and rely on yelp almost everywhere I go for dining ideas. Rarely am I let down by the suggestions of others here. Now for some odd reason, I was fully prepared to have my first big yelp let down here.... Maybe it was the concept that seemed so foreign, who knows? Looking back, I laugh at my initial thought process. Sadly, my travels often have me traveling by my lonesome, which means a lot of meals where my dining companion is the bartender. Numerous times, I've gone to restaurants where the bartender is ice cold, makes no suggestions, and offers no input on the city I'm currently in. My bartender at cowfish - Jeff M - was the polar opposite of that. Dude was straight up welcoming, friendly, offered several menu suggestions; essentially what any bar owner should be looking for in a bartender. When he learned I was from out of town, he gave me a list of several other restaurants off the beaten path. It's a pretty intense list I was given... Bfast, fried chicken, bars, etcAnyway, the food here is wonderful. I was a little reserved on the filet mignon wrapped sushi roll but it was a flavor party in my mouth; as was the Marc's roll. I'm only in town for a few days, but I look forward to going back and trying some other menu items! Kindly bring a cowfish to nj. Thank you
5	Should make reservations. After the neighboring Zink's poor reviews I will wait an hour...It is so worth it. will go back time and time again for each surprisingly creative menu items and drinks.The wife found it cause it was on the last Bachelorette season
5	Cowfish is awesome. Whenever my wife and I have out of town visitors, we always take them here at least once. Everything here is great. The burgers, the sushi, the ribs, ALL GOOD! It's cool enough to come here to just hang out and have drinks (which I have). The food is terrific. The milkshakes are awesome. The portions are huge. The waitstaff is great. Super attentive and friendly. The bartenders are really cool too and have great stories. The only downside is that it's so popular that there's usually a long wait on weekends. But that's alright.
5	GREAT FOOD! GREAT ATMOSTSPHERE, but kinda a long wait...Well worth it though.  I do wish they took reservations, we had a large party for a birthday party and had to wait b.c they did not take reservations :( but well worth every minute.  You have to try the Crab Rangoon Dip!
4	This place wowed me when the waiter said my veggie burger can be pan-seared and put in the oven & not on the same grill as the meat burgers.  It actually tasted very delicious and can't wait to go back and make another veggie creation.  However, if you are a strict vegetarian I would stay away from the fried foods (I didn't eat any fries) because it is fried in the same oil as the fish and other meats. I would recommend making dinner reservations a couple of weeks in advance because sitting takes some time during the weekends & nights.
5	We're regulars at this place and it's our favorite sushi restaurant.  We always start off with edamame, which can be prepared with 4 different flavorings, (e.g., cajun, sea salt, etc.).  I used to always get the seared sesame tuna salad which is served over a seaweed and cucumber salad with sesame seeds and sriracha (love) but lately I've been getting the tuna nicoise salad, which is huge and has a lot of tuna.  For other apps, the blackened ahi tuna nachos and avacado and tuna tini are also great.  For sushi, I love the southpark roll but I usually do the "make your own roll" - you can use cucumber as the outer roll if you don't like the seaweed wrap or want to go healthy and avoid rice.  John, the manager, is such a quality guy and always has taken good care of us.  Our kids love it here as much as we do; they usually get the bento boxes, which have a ton of food so if you want some fries/sweet potato fries, you can just eat your kid's because they'll never eat them all.Great dirty martinis here also (I've liked all the 'tini drinks I've had here).
3	I have visited Cowfish a few times and sushi is OK and Burgers leave much to be desired. The incredibly long wait time for dinner makes this a less than desirable experience
5	OH. MY. COWFISH! Went there last night and I gotta say, Cowfish makes freaking AWESOME burgers!! I ordered the Jalepenos (i think that's how you spell it...) Popper. Dude, that burgers was seriously orgasmic. I know it's a bit weird comparing foods to sex, but if a burger makes you moan, how would you describe it? Yeah, you know that I'm right. So back to the subject, I got their onion rings, again, and I tried the Tuna BLT which was really good too. And I love the ambience at Cowfish, It's laid-back and metro. And the service was superb like always. Though I'm a bit sad that I can't book a reservation after 6pm, since my birthday is Nov.9  ( 007: Skyfall release date too :D) and I get out of work at 8 pm... Oh well, I guess I'll be testing my luck! ;)
5	It was a little hard to find at first, but I'm glad we did. This is my favorite place in Charlotte. We were told to order a burger only if you were VERY hungry. I did just that. The portion was huge. I couldn't finish, but it was delicious. My favorite thing here was the deliverance roll (barbequishi). Again, it's a lot of food, but I've never seen or eaten anything like it. It is great. I will recommend this place to anyone visiting Charlotte.
5	When I'm wrong, I say I'm wrong. I thought burgushi sounded like a really gross concept, but It was really delicious! Other pluses of the meal were the ahi tuna nachos and the Elvis milkshake.Do expect long waits on the weekend nights -- This place is packed! Also, if you can, take advantage of the option to make a reservation before 6pm.
5	Great concept and quality. You can make your own sushi and the burger options are incredible. So you can have a burger that feels like a sushi and sushi that takes components from a burger. Loved the Bacon Slaw. The absolute best quality of sashimi.
5	Fantastic place!  Anything I've ever ordered here has been amazing from the burgers to the sushi....amazing!  The service is incredible--thanks to Marcus and his amazing staff for making my boyfriend's birthday (and his first time there, actually) an unforgettable experience!  We will continue to be regular patrons at Cowfish!!!
4	I'm pretty sure everything on their menu is great. The Crab Rangoon Dip is just brilliant. I mean who doesn't love crab Randoons and you know you never get enough of that filling.  I have had their binto boxes which I love when I can't decide if I want a burger or Sushi. My favorite so far is the  "Mary Had A Little Lamb-urgushi Roll" It's a perfect combination of natural ground seasoned lamb, kalamata olives, capers, feta cheese, red onions and spring mix rolled hosomaki style with soy paper and rice. Each piece is topped with tzatziki sauce, diced tomato, English cucumber, fried capers and fresh chopped mint. Simple Amazing.And Wed they have 1/2 Price on all Bottles of Wine! Man, I'm now craving that dip again!
4	Felt like a lab rat... squeezing down two clogged lanes of rush hour traffic on 85, from Raleigh, and winding my way around the convoluted, impossible, multi-level, sprawling-across-intersections layout that is Southpark Mall. I finally called Cowfish to get a better bead on their location, and found them (eventually). The place was packed on my arrival, but they have quite a large horseshoe bar, and I was able to find a seat on the end. The former Yelp CLT CM used to post Cowfish food porn pics, and they always looked awesome. And when I heard Cowfish was coming soon to Raleigh, I wanted to get a scoop on what to expect...The idea of burger-sushi fusion is intriguing... but after my long drive, and looking over the burg-ushi, etc. options, I decided I wasn't feeling up to ordering something I might not enjoy. They have quite a long list of burgers and sushi rolls, which makes this restaurant concept kind of cool, because it's a place that will please anyone; it actually occurred to me I could take my non-sushi-eating parents there if I ever had a raw craving. I started with nigiri (white fish and yellowtail) and sake. Then followed that up with the Chef roll, which was large and tasty. All rolls can be made with brown rice for an extra fee.Despite being busy, service was fast and attentive. The bar area has touch games built into the surface, which is neat-o. My biggest problem was the sticker shock. My drink, two pieces of nigiri, roll, and tip ran me ~$40, which is a lot to spend considering there's equally high-quality fish available for less where I live. Compelling concept, but not sure I'd be the one to suggest it, unless organizing a group get-together of varying palate preferences.
5	This is by far the best restaurant in Charlotte.  Plan to go during off hours or on a weeknight- otherwise you will be waiting in line for 1+ hours.  (Still worth it)There is something on the menu for every and any one: burgers, salads, sushi, and combos of everything.  I live for the bento boxes filled with a sushi roll, mini burger, shoe string fries (yes sweet potato is an option), spicy cucumber salad AND edamame.The mile high chocolate cake is delicious and totally worth the awkwardness of sharing it with your coworkers.
4	We have eaten here a few times and the food has always been great. That said, the service has always been consistently lacking. We sit at the bar every time and the servers behind the bar are inattentive, and not good for service, but like I said, what keeps us coming back is the food.
3	The food was pretty good. The sushi servings were huge! Our waitress was standardly good, not outstanding services but nothing to complain about. The atmosphere was very cool!!
3	This place is difficult to get a same day dinner reservation so I tried it for lunch.  It has a very unique menu. I went heavy on the Tuna dishes.  Right now I will give it a 3.5 and after I revisit and try some more items on the menu I will re-post. Definitely worth a visit if you find yourself in the neighborhood.
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte and by far my favorite sushi place. The fish is extremely fresh and there are very unique combinations on the menu.  If you don't like sushi, the gourmet burgers are actually fantastic.  No matter what you have, wash it down with a birthday cake milkshake, its amazing.
3	Yummy Food. More of a sports bar type of place though. Not my kinda thing, but would go back with friends for drinks and dinner. Go for lunch if you are in the area. Hard to get a table during dinner hours.
5	LOVE the Cowfish!  This is one of my most favorite places to eat in Charlotte and always a fun time of sharing great food with friends whenever I go.Located in the shopping center next to SouthPark Mall, right next to Crate & Barrel, get here EARLY or on off hours if you want to be seated promptly.  If you get there after noon, be prepared to wait.  And wait.  And then wait a lil more.  (Totally worth it though)  There is parking available directly in front of the restaurant, but again, an early arrival is required to park there unless you stalk.  There is more parking on the other side of the building, and there is also the parking garage located across the street.  Be on the lookout for "parking rules" of 15 minute only, only for a certain store and that kind of nonsense.  I have been here several times, and as I don't like traditional sushi, I have always gotten some kind of burger.  I attempt to try a new one every time I go and all have been delicious.  The burgers are always cooked as ordered and juicy, and the buns stand up well to the pile-on of various toppings.  Our most recent visit was a girl's afternoon and it was nice enough to sit out on the patio (gotta love Charlotte weather!). We started off with fried pickles which they do as pickle chips in a crispy batter served with ranch dressing.  YUM!  We also ordered a Deliverance Roll for everyone to share which was pulled pork sushi served with cole slaw and onion rings - AMAZING!  Normally we do the girl thing of "you have the last piece", "no you have the last piece", but I do believe there was some sort of knife play with the threat of "cutting a b*&%^" over the last piece.  Different and tasty for those who don't like traditional sushi.  The gals ordered various glasses of wine and I got a Push-Pop spiked shake which did indeed taste exactly like an orange push-pop with the adult addition of vanilla vodka.  I promptly sucked that down only stopping for the occasional brain freeze.  For lunch I ordered Porky's Revenge which is a burger piled on with a sandwich-sized portion of pork BBQ, gouda, onion strings and BBQ sauce.  Sloppy but amazing.  Served with their shoe string french fries (but there are other choices for sides).  Toooo much food.  Everyone sampled a little bit of everyone else's food and everything was delicious.  Well prepared, large portions and served quickly by a waiter who was excellent.  For those who like burgers and sushi, you don't have to choose between the two!  You can get a bento box that has a small portion of each.  A regular lunch buddy of mine always gets the bento box - and it must be good because she is quick to call a place out on crappy food.  We were all too full that day from booze and food for dessert, but on a previous visit I did have Apple Pie Wontons which is apple pie filling in a wonton wrapper fried served with vanilla ice cream and caramel sauce.  It was a light dessert and very good as a simple sweet treat to end a meal.  We will return again and again and again to Cowfish.
4	Food is great quality. Service is good. Always crowded and loud however
4	The Burgers are BIG & WONDERFUL!The sushi is FRESH & DELICIOUS!The decor and atmosphere is unique!Only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is purely based on the lack of seating when you are waiting, the constant wait, long wait times at dinner, and sometimes the servers are spread a little too thin to be as helpful or attentive as preferred!
5	I went here tonight with a girlfriend right after work so the crowd wasn't bad when I got there - I actually got rock star parking in the very first spot - SCORE!We were seated immediately and greeted by our friendly waitress moments after that.  She got our drink and app order of fried pickles.  The drinks were brought back within moments, the pickles followed soon after smoking hot.  As usual, I ate one too soon and burned my mouth.  When will I learn?  The fried coating on the pickle chips was crunchy and yum and the pickles were served with a side of ranch and Cowfish sauce (I dunno, it's orangeish and kinda spicy... it's good, have some).  For my meal I had Granny's Pimento Burger, cooked medium, with fries.  The fries at Cowfish are shoestring and they were served hot and crunchy, perfectly seasoned.  The burger was cooked to perfection and juicy.  Granny's is a burger served on toasted rye with pimento cheese, a fried green tomato, lettuce and Duke's mayo (if you are southern, you know the importance of Duke's being the mayo on your burger).  Delicious!  The juicy burger did soak through the bottom piece of bread, but I just turned that sucker upside down and kept eating.  Scrumdiddlyumptious as always!
5	Awesome. Do yourself a favor and sit at the bar. Great time!
4	Once upon a time, there was an amazing burger place right outside of SouthPark Mall: The Counter. This place was amazing, and when it closed I was devastated. Once it was replaced with The Cowfish Sushi Burger Bar, my grief quickly went away. The Cowfish is absolutely amazing. It's owned by the same people who own eeZ in Birkdale, and having dined there, I knew the food would be delicious &amp; inventive, and I was absolutely right. But then again, I'm always right =)The Cowfish has the traditional style rolls (Philly, rainbow, etc) and a huge list of wildly inventive &amp; exotic rolls to choose from as well. When Graham &amp; I visited the day after Christmas, I wanted to try something different than I had ordered on previous visits. We decided on three (although I wanted about ten...), one from each section: the rainbow (a traditional roll), the blackened tuna (a more unique/fusion style roll) &amp; the Doug's Filet Roll (burgushi).I'll start with the burgushi, because it's what makes The Cowfish stand out above other sushi restaurants (and Charlotte has a TON of them!). Burgushi is taking the elements of a burger and making it into a sushi roll, or taking the elements of a sushi roll and making it into a burger/sandwich.This was amazing. It was a Philly roll, topped with a piece of seared filet mignon, spicy sauce, scallions & masago. Absolutely amazing. I could even look past the blob of cream cheese (which I HATE in sushi). The roll was enormous, but everything about it was perfect, I really loved the spicy sauce and the very mild flavor of the filet. This is definitely my favorite item on the "burgushi" part of the menu, so far. The Rainbow Roll was, of course, my favorite. It was a California roll topped with assorted fish & spicy sauce. The fish was fresh & firm, the sauce was nice & didn't overpower the roll. I absolutely hate it when there is so much sauce you can't really taste anything else. I would have been more than happy to eat this all day. The last roll we had was the blackened tuna: Lump crabcake mix & cream cheese inside, rolled in temoura flakes, topped with blackened tuna, guacamole & a slice of jalepeno. While this roll was good, it didn't compare to the other two. The roll tasted dry & the slice of jalapeno was completely overpowering. However, the guacamole was a nice touch and absolutely delicious. I removed the jalapeno and added a different kind of heat with a little srirachia. It was a better flavor combination, in my opinion and I enjoyed the remaining pieces a lot more with this change. Not only was the food excellent during our lunch time visit, but the service was excellent as well. Our server took the time to go over every single aspect of the menu, and gave us a recommendation out of each category. The Filet Roll was one of her suggestions, and I'm so glad we went with that. My ONLY complaint here is that they are always busy, and they only take reservations from 11:00-6:00, which makes zero sense to me. Especially since most of the shops in the area (excluding the mall), close at 6:00 or 7:00. Lunch patrons can browse & shop while waiting for a table. Dinner patrons can not. I had wanted to eat here for our anniversary, but knew we would have to either wait forever or eat at the bar, so we changed our plans. We still had to wait, but 15 minutes isn't too bad in the grand scheme of things. Last time I went was on a Thursday night, and the wait was much, much longer so we ended up dining at the bar. Fine for a dinner with a friend, not as okay for an anniversary dinner with your husband. However, this place is worth the wait and I can not wait to go back on my next trip home.
4	My cousin treated a friend and me to this place, and I'm so glad he did! This is a novel little concept (I love "different") and the food is really good. I had a lamb burger, which was AMAZING!This place has a great ambiance... not too romantic, not "fast-foody". If I lived in Charlotte, This might be the go-to spot for my crew because they definitely have something for everyone.
4	Heard about this place through friends and family from outta town knew about it from magazines! Interesting combo of sushi and burger restaurant in upscale southpark mall complex Had cool decor, bar that goes around 3/4 of restaurant, on the pricier side but worth it! Went there on a sunday night right after new years and the place was hopping! Had a 10-15min wait, sat at the bar and had a glass of wine- very good! We were seated in an outdoor area that was covered and had heaters. I feared i was going to be freezing temps were in the 30s but it was actually very warm. I would definaly go back in summer to enjoy the outside seating. Ordered 2 sushi rolls (8 pc each!!) and a filet migon burger. Amazing everything. Waitress was friendly and polite also a bonusDownside- doesnt accept reservations ever after 6pm probably b/c they're always busy. Restaurant is large and bathrooms are only on one side so long walk around to get to them. sushi rolls had too much cream cheese in them and i loathe cream cheese. Never getting roll again with cream cheese again!
3	All right, let's get some things straight from an unbiased point-of-view:  this is not a real sushi restaurant, this cannot be the best restaurant in Charlotte, and there is nothing healthy on the menu.  It is a concept restaurant teetering on the edge of being a theme restaurant, the menu is incredibly overwhelming, and the food is heavy handed.  All that aside, there are great items on the menu, but it needs to be thinned out a little bit.  This would have been two-stars if it weren't for the fantastic bar setup and one of the best milkshakes I've ever had (rice krispy concoction).  I really wanted to try the "amazing" sushi, and I had very high expectations.  I ordered the Motherload, which offers no place for bad sushi to hide.  The roll was way too thick, loaded with cream cheese, and only tasted like the sauces and cream cheese.  I want to taste the raw fish.  The sashimi was also cut thick, which works fine for scallops and some fish varieties, but not for octopus, eel, or shrimp.  I did love the sauce with the summer roll, and the "no rice" option worked well to remove some of the weight.The wine list is well thought out, and surprisingly well-priced, and the touch-big screen games built into the bar are absolutely genius (frog game conquered)!  I struggled not to order burgushi, but after seeing all the massive piles of sushi covered in red meat walk past, the guilt of my decision faded.  I once had a surf and turf roll at Wolfgang Puck's in Orlando that was perfectly poached lobster with thinly sliced, rare fillet on top w/ seaweed and ginger/siracha sauce that was perfection.  Sushi should be light, flavorful, and artistic....Cowfish is miles from that.I've got to add that the two "classy" girls sitting next to me at the bar made an episode of Girls sound tame...and no, the two guys next to me were unfortunately not gay.
4	UPDATE:  If you are looking to not have to wait a long time, probably not a good idea to come here on the weekends for lunch.  We waited 45 minutes for a table.  Nonetheless, our out-of-town guests loved it and this time we got the bento boxes and they were filled with so much food, it was awesome!In love with the giant bento box on the wall.  Made my whole day.  The menu is interesting with a combination of burgers and sushi dishes and what they call "burgushi" where they combine the two.  Let me warn you in advance, the prices here are high for what I expect to see in Charlotte, comparable to New York prices that I am used to from living up North.The tuna nachos were AWESOME.  Gotta try them.  I split a surf and turf burgushi with my husband which had beef topped with salmon and tuna.  Was disappointed to find out that the salmon and tuna were cooked, but still a good dish, just not what I was expecting.  Topped off my lunch with a smores milkshake.  YUM.I've only been here for lunch and heard it's crazy town for dinner.  If you can get a chance to stop by on a weekday for lunch, probably the best time to enjoy the menu without the long wait.
4	Explosion Burgushi. Awesome onion rings. Superb sweet potato fries. Worth the hour long wait.
4	A restaurant with great Yelp ratings serving SUSHI in Charlotte I was pleasantly surprised. I did not give this place a 5th star for one reason always to crowded. 5 stars for taste, ambiance, creativity and cheap prices on drinks. I love how they have burgers in a sushi place because there is someone who always hate sushi in a group of friends big plus.
3	We went to Cowfish last night for dinner and were told that for a table for two, the wait was 1hr and a 1/2.  We went and stood next to a wall and had a couple of drinks while we waited. This was at 6:30 pm. At 8:45 pm we still had not been seated and left. The seating hostesses were flippant and rude and despite how good the food is, we will not be back!Marcus and Gwen responded to me right away and wanted to make our experience right. Great follow up and genuine concern! Thank you for the great customer service and appreciation!
4	I am going to give this place four stars because it's such an interesting concept to take the components of a burger and put it in sushi roll and vice versa.  After eating horribly for the past weekend, I decided to stick with just the sushi.  It was a little spendy, but you get a lot of the price--I made two meals out of two rolls!  For sushi in North Carolina, it was very decent.  My waitress was very informative and attentive.  I am allergic to crab and she made such that wasn't an issue, also replaced the kanji in my roll with extra shrimp tempura.  My iced tea never went empty either.  Good customer service, great concept, okay food.
4	Cowfish is one of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte! I typically go for lunch though I have been for dinner a few times. Their burgers are sooooooo good and the fried pickles are amazing. For a first timer I would recommend fried pickles and burgushi, because really, how many places can you find burgushi?! The taste explosion roll is my fave.I have yet to have something on the menu that I didn't like.
4	The Cowfish is centrally located in the South Park Mall. I've been to this place three times and was never disappointed. The first time I made my own sushi, which was alright, because I really know nothing about making my own sushi. The next time I had the bento box with California Roll, which was really good. The sides of thai cucumbers and sweet potato fries were delicious, as was the mini burger. My boyfriend had the Jalapeno Popper Show-Stopper, which he enjoyed a lot. The next time we were there he ordered The Nature Boy's WOOOOO-shi BuffalOOOOO-shi Roll, which has bison meat in it and he loved that too. I had the Heavenly Veggie burger which was delicious.So all-in-all, I love this place and think it's a great place to have in the Queen City.Although if you are going here on weekends, make sure to call ahead since they have long waits.
4	Have friends or family from out of town? This is the perfect place to take them to!I don't know why, but Cowfish always pops up in my head for a place to take my friends/family from out of town to. And, they all liked or loved it! Place - trendy, hip, fun, and casual. On a busy night, which seems busy every single time, it gets loud. Be aware though, the wait is long after 6pm when they do not take reservations.  Service - good to great. I have had great service, but then I have had good. Overall, they get you what you need in a timely manner.Food - they have something for sushi and non-sushi lovers. So you have your burgers (which I am a fan of of Swiss burgers) and shakes (love love LOVE orange dreamsicle). I like their sushi specials, like their Mad-Mango-cado Roll that has shrimp tempura and avocado is alright (had better). When I first stumbled upon here, I would get the 'Cowfish bento box' - mini-burger with 4 piece of sushi rolls, in addition to the sides of edamame, fries, and Thai cucumbers.I like the atmosphere and the cheap sake bombs. I would get sushi from another place though....
4	This is one of my favorite restaurants to go to when I visit Charlotte! It's a good restaurant for groups since they have so many different options.  My favorite thing is the What's Shaking Tuna sandwich.  The bread for the sandwich is actually rice.  It's delicious! My husband always goes for the bento box that includes a slider and sushi.  My dad always go for a burger. An my mom goes for the spring rolls.  Everyone always enjoys everything.  I highly recommend this place!
5	I came here on a date and everything was fantastic! We came a little late, at 9pm, so there was almost no wait at all. I would HIGHLY recommend the restaurant for burgers AND sushi.
5	This place is amazing! We ate at the bar because it was jam packed but well worth the wait.  I had a salmon blt that was out of this world! We ate the chicken lettuce wraps as an appetizer...YUM! I could go on and on just get off the computer/phone/iPad and go eat there...NOW
5	Genius concept! The menu is a little overwhelming but we tried a little of everything and loved it!
4	Cowfish has delicious food. We had an excellent waitress too. However I didn't love the layout or decor. I also thought the hostesses acted like they were doing you a huge favor by letting you eat there. I've heard people routinely wait for well over an hour to be seated on a weekend evening. We went during the week and waited about 30 minutes, which is much more acceptable. But the food was great. The two of us split a burger and split a sushi item and both were really good. All in all, I would recommend this place, but apparently not on a weekend due to the wait.
5	Restaurant owner opinion. Sat very quickly on the patio.  Service from front door to end was superb. California Roll very tasty to start and got here quickly. HUGE portions on burger and fries and chicken sandwich.  Couldn't finish lunch because of the California Roll and insane portions.  Watch ordering appetizers and meal because of portion sizes. NEVER ran out if sweet tea. S'more Milkshake to finish was incredibly tasty and loved the torched marshmallows on top.  Would come back just for this!Wish other restaurants cleaned like Cowfish does.  Even on Saturday, floor swept after every table turn and table and chairs wiped down and cleaned thoroughly. Will definitely eat here again.  Top to bottom, great food.
5	CowFish is how can I say it ??? "The BEST of ALL WORLDS when it comes to a large variety of food types. They have everything from Bison to Salmon. I mean EVERYTHING & where have you ever seen a SushiBurger?WoW is a great word for this place as far as food & AWESOME/COOL is a word that describes the decor (pictures) & the multi-lingual restroom statements which can catch you off guard however they are HILARIOUS . I find myself going to the restroom & taking my slow time in order to laugh a couple of times ;-)The only con I can think about is the LONG WAIT TIMES.. This place is SUPER popular & on weekends & any given evening or lunch hour expect a 40 plus minute wait for a party of as little as 3..I'm a Pescatarian & this place is perfect for dinner with my husband & daughter because they eat all types of meat and me ONLY seafood. Items we suggest as a family (some collectively & others individually ):Lamb burger - Medium WellFirecracker Salmon & Blue Crab rollsLump crabcake with Fried Green TomatosClassic CowFish Beef BurgerSalmon SaladCalamariSeveral of the specialty rolls - Too many to list & quite honestly I don't know all the names I just do INI - MINI - MyNee - MOGreat restaurant with great service!!
3	Glorious combination of the flesh of a cow and the flesh of a fish.  Everything is delicious!  I'd highly recommend getting a combo in which you experience both types of cuisine.  Also, definitely go for the sweet potato fries.  They are the bomb.com!
4	This is a really cool place with lots of different and delicious food options.  There are so many potential burgers you can choose from and customize, as well as lots of sushi options.Aside from the burgers, the highlight for me was the Taste Explosion roll.  It is extremely unique and lives up to its name.The downside is that this place is normally very crowded, so your wait is long and they will cram you in like sardines.  To avoid eating dinner with complete strangers, I would recommend asking to sit out back on the patio.The great food (and options) here is worth coming back despite the crowd.
5	Love Cowfish! I think all their food is good. The burgers are great and so is the sushi. I love creating my own sushi too. I am pregnant now so I cannot have raw fish so I make my own sushi with steak right now and you can ask for it with brown rice or no rice which is nice for a healthier meal. The sea weed salad is also a favorite of mine.
4	So I think it's high time I review The Cowfish! I do believe my friend and I came here about 5 times a month every month last year!! Seriously when he finds a restaurant he likes he sticks with it.  That being said the wait time here is uber ridiculous.  We found that if you show up between 9-10 you don't have to wait though lol.  Neither of us is a big fan of the giant specialty rolls they have as we tend to like less fussy sushi. So every week (usually Wednesday) we'd go in and order the same thing.  The Moriawase Double Deuce ( 6 pieces of nigiri, spicy tuna roll, and substitute the spicy yellow tail for the California roll), we'd also add another spicy tuna or spicy yellow tail and occasionally a bagel roll. Their spicy tuna is my favorite spicy tuna roll I've ever had in Charlotte. Everywhere else serves it minced except for cowfish and minced fish to me is kind of gross lol.  We always start with the minis of the day (miniature burgers) and generally either Saki or martinis.  Their martini selection is really good and they make a great dirty martini which is what he likes. I go for the specialty ones myself.  Personally I really like their sushi and their burgers are VERY good.  The fried pickles are great as well and you'd think it would be a hard thing to mess up but many restaurants in Charlotte do!  Now we rarely have enough room left for desert but on occasion we get it, or I should really say that I get it and take most of it home.  I have a weak spot for their Fresh Berry Tall cake.  I mean a serious, I will go here and wait 45 minutes just so I can get it, weak spot!! Honestly it's nothing out of the ordinary.. all it consists of is lemon pound cake and vanilla bean ice cream layered and stacked 3 deep (of each layer). Then it is topped with fresh strawberries, raspberries and blackberries. However the lemon pound cake is to die for and for whatever reason completely resonates with me.  Just one of those things :-) I generally like to order it sans ice cream and take it home so I can have a slice of pound cake for desert for the next three nights!Service here gets a good 4/5 rating. There have been a couple of misses but they were usually new. Otherwise the waiters tend to remember us and our order (we include a lot of substitutions).  Lately though we've been opting for another sushi spot but after writing this review I may have to reinstate the Cowfish ritual!
5	Outrageous food! Very clever.... But the awesome review is for the customer service. My boyfriend and I came in one night...we are on a road trip and they knew how to make us feel so welcome ! Thank you so much!! Best customer service I've had in a while :)
4	I have now been to Cowfish several times, and I must say that it has been well worth it.  It's a great place to meet friends after work.  The crowd does tend to build the closer to the lunch and dinner hours that you get, but if you arrive say an hour earlier than that, you are sure to get the stool or booth of your choice.The sushi is superb and of the highest grade.  The only con I have is that their individual portions are a bit on the large side, and those of you who don't want to stuff your face with every bite may want to either cut them, or perhaps just ask for smaller pieces.  Either way, this is one of my favorite places in the area!
5	Cowfish is amazing! The service is excellent and service is quick.I will say if you are going for lunch, make a reservation or get there early. It does get busy.
5	Unusually good food with an amazingly long wait for a table.
5	great food for a great price my fav
5	I highly suggest the Lobster Spring rolls as an app. So amazing!!!!
3	Sushi is pretty good, all their other food is a little overpriced but overall not a bad restaurant. The eel was exceptionally good.
4	We had a great lunch at Cowfish on our visit to Charlotte. Although we had to wait an hour, there was enough in the area to keep us occupied and the hostesses were willing to text us rather than carry around one of those buzzers. Once we were seated the server was quick and friendly. The menu is huge, but we quickly decided on a few items. My boyfriend got the seared tuna BLT and I had a mix box with a sushi roll and a burger. We also ordered the fried pickle appetizer -- so good! We'll definitely be back next time we're in town.
5	ive spent a lot of time in charlotte. this is the best restaurant in the city hands down.
4	I've now recommended this place to friends who visit Charlotte because my family lives there. This place is hip and trendy for a reason.I arrived and was told it would be 45min. to get a table. Not happy about that, but we decided to wait. I ordered a glass of wine (which was good) but honestly, the bar staff are not friendly. Train them please, management.Once we sat down, our waiter was pretty consistently checking on us for the rest of the evening. And this place was slammed. Service was impressive.I'm most impressed by the variety of the menu. Every kind of roll you can imagine, and sashimi to die for. The nigiri was good, the sushi was good. The portions were cut a little too big (even after I requested they be cut smaller). I've seen this problem on several reviews.But we didn't have one bad thing at the table. I'll go again and again.
5	The best sweet potato fries I've ever had.
2	Every time I go to Cowfish, I'm disappointed.  I've never once been and thought "oh man, I have to come back and get that again."
5	The Cowfish is my favorite restaurant in Charlotte. Amazing food and amazing service.
4	Excellent food.I was content to initially order a Philadelphia and a spicy tuna roll. I was chastised heavily by the gal behind the bar who, to her credit, convinced me to go for something more unique to the establishment.I ended up splurging for two of the rolls that were around $20 each. I thought to myself that $20 for a roll is excessive, but as it turns out, these rolls are massive so it's not an entirely unfair price.The rolls were excellent. One came with a side of poke (pronounced po-kay) tuna (Tazmanian Devil) and the other was great as well, The Boss.Definitely give this place a look, but expect to spend $25-50 per person if you're going strictly sushi and want to try their "sushi fusion" items.I waited a solid 25 minutes after ordering my food to get it and it was freezing freaking cold in there, otherwise I'd give the joint 5 stars.I didn't try a burger and I am not enthused with the idea of trying a burger with sushi.
5	Always the best service. Even took our store staff there as a company outing and seating took longer than promised. Manager thanked us for being patient and thanked us for coming. Then, without us saying a word asked if we liked several appetizers on the menu and said they were on the house. Always great service. Always great food. Always a customer.
5	The Deliverance Roll= Heaven in my mouth.
5	The Cowfish is THE place to go in Charlotte, assuming you are willing to wait for a table. Almost every day of the week there will be a wait, sometimes upwards of 90 minutes. If you do manage to snag a table, however, prepare yourself for lots of delicious food that you won't be able to completely finish.The sushi is great, as one would expect from a higher end sushi restaurant. The burgers are great, as one would expect from a burger bar. The blend of the two is exceptional. Cowfish has a section of their menu titled "burgushi" which is American-Japanese fusion of sushi and beef or pork. Everything on the burgushi menu is excellent, however I would really recommend trying the Doug's Fillet Roll.Also, check out the bathrooms while you are there. Inside you will be treated to a language lesson where you learn to say strange phrases in English, Redneck-English, and Japanese (I think).As a side note, I swear the fish tank behind the front bar is populated with the cast of Finding Nemo.
3	Sashimi review only:  I had the 7 piece chef's choice, which consisted of 3 yellowtail, 2 white fish, and 2 salmon.  The presentation was beautiful--banana leafs draped over a bed of ice with the fish arranged on top--but the fish was nearly frozen, which prevents those delicate flavors from melting on your tongue as sushi should.  That said I could be coerced to go back but I wouldn't order the same thing.  At a restaurant that has menu items such as "The Motherload" and "Taste Explosion" it's probably a safer bet to abandon tradition and go with something with a bit more flair.  After all Rick Flair is credited on the menu.
5	Great Food, Fun atmosphere, Amazing Staff. Food: I have NEVER had a bad meal.Atmosphere: Fun Decor Clean environmentStaff: Good at the door, Amazing wait staff. The only thing I would like to change is the wait time. Everyone wants to eat there so... makes the wait long. (they need to open another location)
5	AWESOME! Burgers are fantastic and sushi is great. Try blackend ahi tuna nachos and ask for crab Rangoon dip. Stellar service - no Reuben on menu but mom really wanted one so they created it. Download their very clever app and you can get on the wait list before you arrive. Our new favorite place for lunch and dinner.
4	This was a very cool unique place! Awesome service and delicious food. We had the ahi tuna appetizer which was so-so. I have had better ahi at Outback. I had build your own sushi which was great for the price. A friend got one of  the boxes which has the burger of the week and a choice of three types of sushi. She loved hers, also. We also tried one of their milkshakes... YUM. It's hard to mess up a milkshake though. Overall: great atmosphere, unique choices. Would definitely go back.
4	Well, I finally made it to Cowfish.  I believe that this was my 4th attempt with the first three being shot down by the long wait to get in.  That's the problem with either not having time to wait or being starved and needing to go somewhere else less busy.Anyway, I had planned to be at the restaurant shortly after they open on a Saturday morning and that proved to be a good idea, as they were packed and a lineup for tables had formed by the time that we left.  The wife and I split a seaweed salad, a bison burger and a couple of sushi rolls.  The menu here is huge with all the options for sushi, burgers and everything in between.  The burger had some nice chipotle heat to it and was very enjoyable.  The sushi rolls were huge and were "fusion" rolls called tropical storm and the south park roll.  They were basically sushi rolls with layers of sashimi on the outside.  All the ingredients were fresh and had great flavors including the smoked salmon, tuna and yellow tail.The service really blew me away here, as our server was very energetic and explained the menu thoroughly and expertly.  Overall, it was a great first experience for me at Cowfish.  It was a solid 4.5 stars but I will keep it at 4 for now and likely return and upgrade to a 5.
3	This is the first time Ive been back to Cowfish in 2 years. Upon entering it appeared they do not allow the hostess to leave the front of the restaurant unattended. Unfortunatly after 4 min. no one would come and seat us. 3 pm and no other customers waiting. She finally grabbed a waitress and had us seated. Communication breakdown is more or less what I felt. I did notice two managers on the floor and plenty of wait staff. The service was good and food as always did not dissapoint. Just need to work on the inital awakward wait period. BTW the hostess was not the problem here!
4	Delicous martinis and food! Portions are plentiful for appetizers and main dish. Enjoyed the complimentary birthday dessert for a friend's celebration we were there for. Service got a little slow when busy, but overall enjoyed the atmospher and there was a wide variety of menu options. Hostess and serving staff were extremely friendly and helpful. Allow splitting of food and put them on separate plates for us. Overall a great experience and definitely will go back. (I highly recommend the chocolate cake).
5	This place is awesome!!!  Regardless if you like sushi or not you need to give this place a try, though a plus if you already love sushi.  I've been to severeal sushi places all over the country and this place by far as the most unique and appitizing menu available.As the name states, CowFish is a sushi bar specializing in both seasfood and meat sushi both raw and cooked.  Their menu features many standard sushi combinations as well as many new and interesting items too.  As well there is a large buger and other sandwich menu for those who enjoy their food cooked.I'd definately recommend getting reservations as the place was packed at 8pm on a Wednesday, but luckily I got the last available bar stool.  The drink prices are typical for the area and the food is on the higher priced side, but well worth it.Two things you must try are the Filet Minion sushi roll and one of the (3) sushi burgers which feature a bun made of sushi rice and such.
4	Amazing place to hangout... Good food, Good ambiance. Little crowded though.
4	Fusion restaurant that tries to bring together sushi and meat. I have to say they've done a very good job and Charlotte definitely needs more restaurants like Cowfish.I try to order a different dish every time I go there and most of the time are very much satisfied with what I order. Burgushi is a dish that I remember standing out from the ones I've tried. Remember to schedule an appointment before you go. They get very, very packed. They do have outside seating. Always could grab a few drinks at bar while you wait on your table ;)
5	If you're looking for an awesome fusion restaurant with an imagination that rivals Willy Wonka's, you've found it!Special treats include: the creative names of their dishes and rolls, sitting at the bar and being entertained by the fish in the beautiful aquariums and going to the bathroom to hear the lessons in speaking various languages including "redneck." :DI've never been disappointed by any meal there. The Bento boxes are always a great choice. The edamame and Thai cucumbers can't be beat. Don't forget to save room for dessert...the Moose on the Loose is decadent and a true chocoholic's delight.The Cowfish is always hopping so you either have to go early for dinner or lunch. It's well worth the wait, though!
4	Sushi menu was great for my girlfriend and I and the burger menu was equally impressive.  The drink we ordered, however, seemed less enlightened and we asked that they correct the strange flavor of our alcoholic cocktail.  Big fish tank behind the bar makes this bar a perfect spot for a classy date or a serious drink, especially with it being walking distance to South Park Mall.
5	This place is hands-down fantastic! There is typically a wait, but it's worth the wait!  The wait is truthfully the only reason I don't go every week.. they are always hoppin'! There are a lot of bar seats available, so even if there's a long wait make your way to a seat at the bar. Very unique & delicious combinations in their "Burgushi" section of the menu. The Pitsburgoo-shi Sandwich is my personal favorite. As far as apps go, anything with tuna is fantastic; the nachos & Tuna-tini are MUST-HAVES.
4	Um, this is absolutely GENIUS. A little off-putting at first (I mean, who really thinks of eating burgers AND sushi at the same time?), but if you just give it a chance, you will be blown away.First off, I loved loved loved all the wall art & decor (my personal favorite was the Cowfish version of the Wicked poster and the gigantic bento box behind the bar) and the food definitely exceeded expectations.Our table shared the Blackened Ahi Tuna Nachos which was absolutely delish! That's really saying something too because I am not a "seared tuna" eater. For my entree, I had one of their "Burgushi" bento boxes so I could get the best of both worlds perfectly portioned with a mini slider and pretty much your choice of a sushi roll. I ended my meal with a Shake Crackle & Pop milkshake made with vanilla ice cream, Rice Krispies and marshmellows - yum!!Overall, absolutely satisfied with this restaurant and would love to go back the next time I'm in Charlotte!
5	One of the most unique restaurants in the city - or really anywhere to be honest.  In the mood for burgers - they have great burgers...in the mood for sushi - they have great sushi...in the mood for filet mignon wrapped up like sushi - they have that too...in the mood for a sammie but craving sushi - well, they can do that too.  On top of that, they have awesome appetizers, great martini's and some every day type of salads, sammies and 'knife and fork' type of dishes.  The atmosphere is great - they actually have cowfish swimming in the fish tank - and don't miss going in to the bathroom - you'll get a very entertaining language lesson.  On the weekends, there is always a wait, but they take your cell phone number so you can go shopping at Crate and Barrel while you wait.  Go here...soon!  You will love it!
5	Overall, novel combinations of burger ingredients with sushi ingredients that work! Can't wait to explore more of the menu.The boyfriend and I recently moved to Charlotte and Cowfish was very high on our list of places to checkout. We love burgers and we really love sushi... So, how could we not love Cowfish?! We hit them for lunch after a day of house hunting. We hit them at an off time (2pm), so there was no wait! It was gorgeous out, so we sat on the patio. Our server, Ellie, was really sweet and attentive. For food, we ordered the What's Shakin' Tuna Bacon Burgushi and the Rainbow Roll lunch combo. I was thoroughly amused and impressed with the What's Shakin' Tuna Bacon. I could see how some people would be put off by the combo, but I loved it! The "bun" utilized soy paper, krab meat (yes...crab with a "k") and sushi rice. A super inventive combo that worked for me! The tuna was seared perfectly to a super rare... I can't stand over cooked tuna! Which paired well with the crisp bacon. The flavor of the ingredients and textures complemented each other well. It was surprisingly entertaining to eat. I deem it crave-worthy! It comes with a side, we opted for sweet potato fries. Some of the best I've ever had! The rainbow roll was solid. Not life changing, but well endowed with fish that was very fresh. Since it was lunch, it came with a side as well. We opted for edamame, which was perfectly steamed and lightly salted. I really enjoyed Cowfish and I'm looking forward to my next visit!
5	I was blown away by the thoughtful selection of sushi with memorable combinations. I've had sushi all over the world and some of the rolls here had me doing a double take. A friend had one of the bento boxes and they liked the variety.  The drinks are inspired too. Great service.
5	As you read the other reviews on his place, I'm sure you noticed the 4 and 5 stars.  Let me tell you that they are WELL EARNED.  When in Charlotte, you MUST try this place.  It is so unique.  Who ever heard of burgers and Sushi?  I've had a lot of cheap Chinese food in my life and thus a lot of crab Rangoon.  Their unique take on this Chinese restaurant standard is nothing less of incredible.  The portions are huge.  I'm a big guy and I usually finish my plate.  Not here. LOL!  The staff is extremely friendly and the atmosphere is cool.If you can't tell, I was blown away by this place.  I wish we had one in Atlanta. Right now, it's only in Charlotte, NC.  Ok, I've said enough. I won't write a book about it but if you are thinking about trying this place, DO THAT!
4	Wednesday and half-priced wine at Cowfish equals girls night out!We ventured over to Southpark around 7:30 and told it would be an hour and half wait. We were starving, but had already committed so we decided to order a bottle of wine from the bar and the crab Rangoon dip, and go sit outside in the gated area. The bar, like the rest of the restaurant, was packed, and our bartender looked like he was miserable. We hoped it wasn't going to be an indicator of our night, and it definitely wasn't.  After spending only 30-40 mins on the patio, our buzzer went off. We contemplated waiting longer for a table on the patio since it was such a beautiful night, but at that point we were ready to eat. So we went up to the host stand and took our wine and glasses with us. We were slightly disappointed that man that took us to our table, never offered to assist us, even after one of his co-workers suggested it. We had a table in the back of the restaurant, near the patio. The breeze from the door opening and closing was refreshing. It is definitely a date night kind of restaurant with the dim lightening and cozy atmosphere.Food: The crab Rangoon dip was a very solid choice. It was a generous portion of chips with a side of dip. Between us three girls, we cleaned the plate.Entrees: I ordered the Nature Boy Wooshi Buffalooo-shi roll. Besides the fact that I struggled to pronounce its name, it was delicious. Chipotle Bison, onions and feta cheese, topped with tomato chipotle aioli, onions, tomatoes, and a slice of a jalapeno. My only issue with this roll was it was soo big! I literally swallowed a jalapeno whole because I tried eating it in one bite. Epic fail on my part, so daters take note, cut this roll up before eating.The surf and turf roll: Angus beef, cream cheese, topped with tuna, salmon, mushrooms, masago and a cream sauce. This roll was equally amazing and I really enjoyed the flavor the mushrooms brought to the roll. I tasted the beef more than the fish, but it was overall balanced well. Dessert: We all ordered milk shakes, but I felt mine was the best hands down. I have the cake shake and it was delicious. It was thick, sweet with vanilla flavor and literally tasted like cake. The other shakes were the mint chocolate chip, which held true to its name and was very minty and the Carmel Chocolate espresso malt. I am not big on coffee flavor items, so I passed on tasting that one, but it got good feedback from the crowd.I would definitely come back again on half-priced wine night, aka Wednesday, and would love to sit on the patio next time.
5	I'm from the west coast, but even I've never seen a place out there like this! We went early on a Tues (5pm) so there was no wait, which was nice. The decor is part of the appeal..very modern with a "fake" fish tank that looks like a ginormous iPad, a real fish tank, and a poster that mimics "Wicked". The waitress was knowledgable, attentive, and efficient. The menu is EXTENSIVE to say the least...everything from sushi to burgers to shakes to everything in between. I would try more if I could come back! Half priced martini - I got the Asian Orchid which was delicious. I got their specialty - Burgushi, which was very filling. The owner was very personable and came around to say hello after our meal and ask how everything was, and gave us all coupons that I will definitely be giving to a local as to not waste it!
4	Went for the first time a week ago, heard a lot of great things about it, thought it was expensive but really it was reasonable priced, food was great, just took forever to get a table even tho it was a week day, but I guess it only means they doing something right.
3	I think cowfish is overrated. There is always a long wait, they don't take reservations and there are way better sushi restaurants in Charlotte.I do like the concept though, because if I can't make up my mind, there is always a way to get a little bit of both (the bento box is my hero, and is what I've ordered both times I've been to the cowfish because I get a little bit of burger, a little bit if sushi and I don't have to pick one or the other). Their sushi is fine, the burger is fine and I always leave satisfied.Only three stars because I just don't think it's worth the wait.
4	Loved it.  Luscious burger but really had a tough time picking something from the extensive menu.  Music was also too loud (is this a Charlotte thing?)Will def be back here.Thumbs up.
5	Let me just say, this place may put a few pounds on you with one meal, but it is deliciously worth it! I came here with 3 other friends and we decided to try a variety of food, family style! We started with the tuna appetizer, crab rangoon dip, and sweet and spicy cucumbers. All were extra yummy. We also got a taste explosion roll for the table...and whoa...it was incredible. I was full after the appetizers...Still, I tried the fried chicken and kimchi Korean sandwich...Delish!The jalapeno burger...a little dry, but still pretty good.Cowfish bento box...the sweet potato fries were great, but I was too full to eat anything more...My friends enjoyed it though ;)Service was slow, but it was a packed Sunday. I will return!
4	I have yet to see this place without a line out the door-- and for a good reason, too! Creative, fresh, and absolutely delicious, Cowfish is worth the hour wait every time. And hey, Southpark isn't the worst place to wander around either!
5	OMG I love Cowfish! It's my all time fave place. Normally whenever you go out to eat it's easy to pass on dessert and a appetizer and simply order your meal. Not here. I recommend the parmesan truffle fries... they are amazing. & you have to get a milkshake to split when your finished. Sushi is the best in Charlotte hands down! I just love this place. I could eat here everyday I think and never get tired of it.
4	Not much left to say on Cowfish that has not already been detailed. My favorites are the truffle fries - truffle makes pretty much any dish a stand out. A best bet at lunch is the bento box -try the kids version too- less pricey option but almost as much food.I feel pretty darn eh about the burgushi.  Pass.Get the ahi tuna nachos or seared tuna sandwich or salad. Really can't go wrong with any burger here. Most sushi rolls are fried and gigantic. Not really anything wrong with that- Cowfish is an indulgence not a place to stick to your diet. Speaking of which- spiked milkshakes or just a milkshake- get it to go because you will be stuffed. Service usually is on point- even with large groups. I have had my birthday celebrated at Cowfish twice and it is consistent and always delish.
5	FANTASTIC!!!  I heard so many people rave about this place and I am now a raver myself.  The hostesses that greet you to the server and every helper are so professional, friendly and knowledgeable.  Super clean, awesome ambiance and food is delicious.  Three of us started with the sweet and spicy thai cucumbers which put a little salad on all of our plated with awesome flavor.  I had a vegan soy roll that was out of this world.  Can't say enough wonderful things.  :)
2	It's a pity this has to be rated so low because honestly if they executed the food that is on the menu better it could be great. Everything looks wonderful on the menu, and some things look truly interesting, but they arrive pretty but lacking. Costwise it's not at all out of line, if it were well executed, and you get a surprising amount of food when it arrives (which unfortunately isn't a good thing when the food isn't great). I split the lamb sushi roll with my tablemate and it was the best part of the meal, though the tzatziki was bland. With a bit of tweaking (stronger flavor and fresh herbs) could have made that dish spectacular instead of just good. The lamb itself was well seasoned and the other ingredients worked well with it. My main meal was the 'ultimate bento' in hopes of getting a sampling of what the food could be, but it wasn't so ultimate. It had clearly been sitting around waiting for a while (it took forever to get it) which did the food no favors, but it was poorly executed to begin with. The sushi roll was soggy (probably from the time sitting), which made for a miserable experience since fried calamari had been in the equation. The calamari ended up a soggy mess in the middle of the roll. The slider was very poorly cooked (one patty was cooked to death and may have even bounced if dropped, while the other was medium and actually spot on), the pimento cheese that was supposed to be on it literally was a smaller dab than my fingernail, and there was just a single soggy shaved pepper on it. The sweet potato fries were no better than what you'd experience in a cheap restaurant, which was also unfortunate since I really like sweet potato fries, but the sitting I'm sure had a lot to do with that as well. The cucumber salad was good, though realistically it couldn't have ever made up for the rest of it.Overall I'd say save your money. Spend it somewhere where the execution lives up to the description on the menu.
5	This place was hard to find considering we started in the mall and thought we could easily walk here. Yeah we walked, but it wasn't easy. Tip: look for The Residence Inn and you can't miss it. My husband and I were in Charlotte for a wedding and wanted to eat something different than the typical restaurants in Cali.  The ambiance was great! This place really marrys sushi and burgers which seems impossible until you actually eat here. They had a lot of options for the nonred meat and nonpork eaters like myself. We started with the crab and lobster spring rolls which were awesome both to the eye and to the taste buds! I had the bento box which was a perfect pairing of a slider (turkey burger) sweet potato fries (very good) edamame (stemmed and salted) 4 Cali rolls (fresh and flavorful) and sweet/spicy cucumbers (good). I couldn't finish all my food and my combo was a perfect balance of burger and sushi. My husband had a cheeseburger and onion strings which he said was very good. I would recommend this place to anyone regardless if you eat sushi or not. I'm not one for raw fish and they separate raw sushi from cooked rolls on the menu. Great idea!
3	After navigating my way to the Cowfish (it's tucked inside the Residence's little alley, past the Crate and Barrel), I was ready for some deliciousness...  I was a part of a huge group... I'm talking around 30 people, so the staff had their work cut out for them... We got there and they already had waters at each of our place settings... The condiments are out, as well, from sriracha to soy and the regular ketchup and mustard... Our server Dave was absolutely adorable and even taught me and the birthday girl how to do our first sake bombs (The Sparkle Sake Bomb is literally the bomb... It's crisp and tasty... Go for it.). I ordered a Kirin Light and it arrived promptly...I ran to the restroom to get the hand wash on before dinner arrived and I was a little confused for a second... Instead of music, the Cowfish gives you translations in three languages:  English, Mandarin and Redneck... Yep, you heard me... Redneck... So I walk in and hear, "Her figure is pleasing to the eye." "Mandarin translation (or so they say... I don't speak Mandarin, so they could have been saying anything... lol)" and lastly, "That girl got a badonkadonk!"  WHAT? lol Yeah, that just happened... Hi-frickin-larious.I ordered the Bento Fusion Box... If you're new to sushi and all this, it's perfect... It's a little bit of everything: the burger of the week, sushi, edamame, sweet potato fries and pickled cucumbers... I didn't like pimento cheese, so I ordered a regular burger... They accidentally brought me the burger of the week, brought out a replacement and told me to keep the other one...  I loved the burger... Sweet bread, well cooked and simple... The edamame was salted on the outside, so it added a little flavor, but it was perfectly steamed... My sweet potato fries were warm, so that was meh, but they were still pretty good... If they were hot, they would have likely knocked my socks off...  The pickled cucumbers were sweet with a nice touch of heat... Awesome... I ordered the Deliverance Roll... Pork barbecue sauced with tempura onion strings, rolled in rice, wrapped in seaweed and covered with a bacon coleslaw... It was all I ever dreamed it could be... Heavenly!  But it was so huge, I had to eat the first couple bites with my hand covering my mouth because I couldn't close it to chew... lol  Sounds like a great night, right?The poor girl sitting next to me ordered a chicken sandwich... That's it... Chicken sandwich... Everybody else is getting down on their food... Hers never came out... It took about 15 minutes before her server came out to see how everything was and we could tell them her food never came... About three people came to check on her in the next 15 minutes to see if she wanted anything else, but all she wanted was her food... I guess they forgot to put in the order... Finally, about 25 or 30 minutes later, her plate comes out and everyone is pretty much finished eating... We're literally about to cut birthday cake and she's just getting her food... Then, they made her still pay for it... Unacceptable... The other minus is that it took FOREVER to get the checks and just as long to have them return the cards after they ran them... We literally sat from 8:00 pm until 8:40 waiting for checks... I luckily brought cash, so I didn't need to get my card back, but I finally gave up waiting for my change at 8:50 pm... He was a good server, so I didn't mind giving it to him... I've heard that service is never this slow, so I'm going to guess it was in part to the size of our group... Still, overall, I had a great time and I was very impressed by my food... I'm definitely willing to go back with a smaller crew and see what happens...
4	Today was the first time I ate here and I really enjoyed the "Fusion Box" for lunch.  Even though it was really busy, we were taken care of quickly for our lunch hour, which is a huge plus!  The Fusion Box comes with a slider, sweet potato fries, cucumber salad, edamame, and a sushi roll.  I loved it all - it was too much for lunch, so I brought the leftovers home.  I think the concept is different and fun.  I would definitely go back!
5	I was introduced to this place by a friend when I was in town, and holy cannoli! I would have never imagined these two flavors together, but wow, they go great together, the prices are excellent and the food is superb. I had a bento box with a slider, and sushi and there was so much food. The flavors were really great, and meshed so well together. I went off the very knowledgeable servers advice and I'm glad I took his word. The service and drinks were also great and for all the food we got it's wasn't overly pricey. We sat out on the patio and had a great time. My only gripe? They don't have this place in CA!
5	One of my favorite places in Charlotte.  The burgushi is amazing!!! The waits can be annoying but I've definitely learned the times to come in order to get in quick!
5	This place is "as good as it gets" as the 5-star rating suggests!  We eat here every chance we have and have NEVER been disappointed!  The food is hot, plentiful, inexpensive for the quality, and DELICIOUS EVERY TIME.  My favorite is the CBCLT (or something like that) which is basically a great cheddar cheeseburger with all the trimmings.  I love the sweet potato fries served with the horseradish aioli.  My husband loves the fine onion strings but also asks for the horseradish aioli. :)  Our favorite dessert (although I must admit we can't get past the deliciousness to try any other...) is the Triple Berry Tall Cake.  Be warned... it is HUGE!  Moist lemon pound cake with premium vanilla bean ice cream, fresh whipped cream and berries.  It always tastes so fresh and "summery"!  This is our favorite restaurant in Charlotte and we have been to MANY.  We recently took our son for the first time (he is vegetarian).  He ordered the vegetarian sushi (not sure of the name) and it was delicious, also.  We all loved it.  He is taking a date back for a birthday celebration this Friday. It was a hit!  My friend loves the Pimento Cheese burger (served with a fried green tomato on it) served with fried pickles.  She is so stuck on it she has never tried anything else! It seems whatever you order the first time has a hold on you here! :)  Be sure to try the Dreaming Tree (Dave Matthews Band) Cabernet Sauvignon!Also, be forewarned about busy times like Friday and Saturday.  Many times there is a 2 hour wait if you go right at dinner time.  Try going in mid afternoon! Oh-oh, I shouldn't have told you that....
5	AMAZING FOOD AND SERVICE! You cannot pick a better place to enjoy a great meal! Burgers, sushi, cocktails, FREE WIFI, and amazing people! This is the perfect place for a party or just to hang out! Every time I am in Charlotte, I always make a point to come here! You just cannot go wrong! Plus the staff is sooo nice!Try the Avocado and Ahi Tuna Tartini! Its AMAZING!!!!
4	Love cowfish. Wait times can be a bit long, but grab a drink from the bar and take advantage of the time to relax and catch up with your friends. The staff are helpful and humorous. Make sure you visit the restroom if you want to learn new words ;)
5	Awesome food!  I got the Truffled Cheeseburger, and it was possibly the best burger I have had!  My husband got a miniburger sushi combo, and he was impressed by both, and will order the sushi roll again.  Best sweet potato fries i have had anywhere, and the Tomagoshi shrimp were very tasty!
4	Cowfish is quite an interesting place.  Had to wait 45 minutes for a table for six.  Not  problem as we went to City Tavern for couple drinks.  Cowfish has an awesome feature where they will text you when your table is ready so you can explore the expansive South Park Mall it is located next to.On my first and only visit I had a bison burger with sweet potato fries.  I was impressed with the quality of both items and with the variety of toppings available for burgers.  Others in my party ordered Bento Boxes and sushi.  The Bento Box looked awesome and had a unique variety of items.  The sushi looked and tasted awesome but is definitely overpriced.  We went (and you should go) on a Thursday for half-price sake.  We split several carafes and also each did a sake bomb which is always a good time.  I will definitely be back to Cowfish.
4	Decided to give the Cowfish another shot and it was definitely worth it...This time, I had the Bento box with the Taste Explosion roll (Ground beef, bacon, jalapenos and cream sauce inside a roll)...  It wasn't as spicy as I expected, but it was a solid roll... I think I'm still partial to the Deliverance, though... lol The sweet potato fries were super duper hot which was fantastic... The vegetables and edamame were just as delicious as I remembered... The burger was pretty good as well... I have learned, however, that I do not like cream cheese on my burgers... lolThe boyfriend came with and was incredibly impressed with his Pittsburgoo-shi sandwich... Filet mignon with pastrami, fries, multiple cheeses and red onions with a Dijon sauce...  The bun?  It's made out of sushi wraps filled with rice... Crazy... I guess it was frickin awesome because he didn't offer me any... lol  The service was great... I think the server's name this time was Steven... We had cool seating, next to the bar which was great because we could watch the game as well... Fabulous.  So it seems the first visit was not a typical experience... Looks like they put themselves back on my map... Way to go, Cowfish!
4	Burger + Sushi, brilliant concept awesome burgerArtsy, trendy burger + sushi concept which works much better than it sounds. Moddern space near the Southpark Mall. Groovy pop art decorates the main dining area. We opted for outdoors which, although nicely appointed, overloooks Sharon Rd which is less than an optimal view.Cowfish gets the award for the best burger I've had in 2013 so far. Was bettter than Big Daddy's. Options to build your burger here are also varied. Ingredients were high quality. M'Lady had a large salad which she enjoyed. Not really a date place as much as slightly artsy casual dining. And a really great burger.Much enjoyed. Will return.
2	I've been to Cowfish twice already, and while everything was good, it still seems way overpriced to me.  $14 for a salad, even with the tuna, is too much I think.  On the plus side, we did have great service, and our friends loved their sushi and giant burger.
4	Great local dive that my seasoned Charlotte, NC friend took me to.  Her review is under Amy C.  Loved the fried pickles, loved the thai cucumber salad (HUGE portions), and loved my sushi.  I was skeptical about a sushi joint that also does burgers but the burgishi boxes look adorable and next time we are in Charlotte this will be a must see.  My friend had a delicious burger which she was kind enough to share - they really have nailed it on both - burgers and amazing sushi in one spot - who woulda thought it?  Manager did come to check on us after our meal and ask how everything was.  He made chit-chat and was friendly enough.  Server was excellent and our service was great.  Can't wait to go again!** Also - for those who complain about the wait - this place is a must-visit and it's packed.  We were going to go on a Friday night but by the time we had decided this, it was 6:30 and my girlfriend wisely advised we'd have a 1.5 hour wait and to wait until the next day.  We went fairly early the next day and the hostess claimed a 30 minute wait but either time went by supa fast or it wasn't even 30 minutes.  We killed time in Crate and Barrel and thankfully the buzzer went off before I went hundreds of dollars in debt.  Great food here - so the wait would've been worth it, even twice as long.  There's plenty of places nearby to kill time and the buzzer worked in Crate and Barrel - so stop yer bitchin!
5	Went to Cowfish in South Park area, for the first time last night, after hearing rave reviews from friends, including a Sushi Chef in Cary NC.  I have to say that I was not disappointed and was impressed with the food and the service.
2	Avoid unless you just want to hang out. Def not a 'good' dinner place
4	Easily the best meal I have had in Charlotte in the 4 months since relocating. I love the atmosphere of the restaurant and the idea of putting sushi and burgers together had me intrigued. The eclectic menu was so big that I wish I had scoped it out before going. The calamari appetizer was the only disappointing part of the meal. It was simply "ok". I ordered the Prime Time Filet and Lobster Roll and it was love at first bite. It was cooked to perfection and my taste buds were happily bursting with all of the different flavors.  Once I try a cocktail and another appetizer, Cowfish could easily get 5 stars; I will be back!
5	Burgers and sushi were awesome.  Burgushi is kind of scary though- will try next time.
4	I've been to The Cowfish several times but never wrote a review! We were just here this week with some out of town guests and the overall experience was wonderful.  We tried..... the salad with ginger dressing--very tasty (ginger dressing a little more runny then I prefer but still good)the Edamame appetizer---pretty hard to botch that...it was good and there was quite a bitSeaweed Salad--looked like grass but my friend enjoyed every bite so that's all that mattersThe burger with bacon--very good, cooked perfectly, lots of bacon flavor, excellentThe burger was served with sweet potato fries and those were on-point and I love that they give such a large portion!Various Sushi rolls--Miss Moffit, a couple eel rolls, and a couple create-your-own rolls...all very good, fresh, etc.  Miss Moffit is a little small for the price so that is a little disappointing.  I mean for $15 you at least want to be able to tell you had dinner...not so much with little miss moffit.They accidentally messed up one of our rolls but the manager took it off the bill and took off the appetizers and salads.  I thought that was awesome...great customer service!The wine list is good and affordable and they had other drink specials as well.The patio, the atmosphere, the service, the food....all combined make for a great local staple.  It is no wonder they are so popular.  It is a great place to take out of town guests as well.  TIP:  They are now accepting reservations if they are before 6pm and NOT on the same day.  They have some fancy app you can download on your iphone as well and put your name on a call ahead list if you are within 30 minutes of the restaurant.
4	I have been trying to eat at Cowfish for an eternity but the wait was always soooo astonishingly long my hungry belly said no. But one sunny afternoon I got lucky. Yaya for me and my daughter. We got seated outside on there sweet back breezy patio and started our meal off with some astonishingly delicious obscenely large coconut panko breaded onion rings.We also ordered a small ginger salad to split and for our main course we ordered a couple of very delicious veggie rolls. For veggie roll lovers can I just say you can go to town here. There a like 10 very different and unusual veggie rolls for you to choose from on the sushi menu. Some of them have tempura some of them are deep fried. You can really go to town here on sushi alone.Boys this is a great place to take your vegetarian girlfriend while you enjoy a good old fashioned caveman meat eating experience because they also serve giant burgers. ;)BTW, about the lines you can now call in a reservation with 24 hr notice but only for parties before 6pm.
4	My take on cowfish is that it's a sushi restaurant where people who like sushi can go with their friends who don't like sushi but do like burgers.  The concept is brilliant as a matter of marketing.The execution is mostly okay.  The decor is a little over the top for me, but good for kids.  When we went recently for lunch on a weekday, I could not believe how many kids were there.  That's not a bad thing; I have nothing against kids.  But the fact that there were whole families eating that day exacerbated the well-documented line problem at this place.I was expecting lackluster food, but it was actually very nicely done.  I got one of their burger/sushi combo boxes.  Everything was fresh and tasty.  No real standout items, but a very solid meal.I almost want to take a star off for the waiting in line, but I guess it would be unfair to penalize cowfish for its popularity.I'm never going to be a regular at this place.  It's in a part of town I don't venture to much.  But if I happen to be passing by and I can see that tables are open, I'll give it another go.
4	Went early last night with a party of 8. It was packed. They currently don't take reservations after 6 pm. So it's kind of iffy as to when you will be seated. It took only 30 minutes or so, for that we were grateful. They have an extensive menu and we covered a wide variety of selections. Everyone was very satisfied with their choices. Food was tasty and plentiful. Would go back in a heart beat. Our server was excellent. She gave a rather thorough overview of the extensive menu, and did extremely well. Additionally, she was pleasant and efficient. Just hope management appreciates Jasmine. If they can work out something with reservations it would clearly get 5 stars. One minor point, red wine sits out, so when you order a glass expect it to be on the warm side. Good value here.
5	Ahi Tuna NachosArnold hamandeggerHappy Man.This place was outstanding. I walked in and they told me an hour wait. I looked at the hosted and she said "believe me its worth the wait." Thankfully some ladies at the bar were getting up and made my wait much less. Unbelievable flavors, unique interactive waiting and great crowds. Nice work
5	Took a large party of 10 people and had a long wait as expected about 1.5 hours.( they dont take same day reservations). out group had been trying to get together for weeks to get here and it was worth itThe AppetizersWe ordered their Crab Rangoon Dip & Crispy Calamari. The Crab Rangoon was fantastic as was the Calamari. The sweet/spicy sauce they use is put on the plate and the Calamari over the top So I had the waiter bring a side of the sauce because it wasnt enough)The EntreesI ordered the CBCLT which is a Beef burger, sharp cheddar cheese, thick cut applewood smoked bacon, white cheddar cheese, lettuce, tomato and onion. Served on brioche with our signature Cowfish sauce. Honestly may have been the best burger I have ever had Even better than a Kobe Burger in Tampa last year. It was juicy and just fell apart in your mouth. for a side I ordered the onion straws whch I wouldn't order them again (I like em but they are always so greasy, don't know why I try) but their shoestring french fries were great.My wife order the Taste Explosion Roll which is Seasoned natural Angus ground beef, applewood bacon, fresh jalapenos and spicy cream sauce inside of a sushi roll coated with tempura flakes. Each piece is topped with marinated Roma tomato and pepper jack cheese, then baked to perfection. Drizzled with cashew cilantro pesto to finish. She loved it..for me I though it was good but for the price and what they give you I feel you would be better off with their normal Sushi which was a whole roll.All in all this place is fantastic and will def go back...expect a wait if you dont get a reservation. The place does die down after 8:30 tho on a Saturday ...so go early or late.
5	The best food and huge portions. We even had a horrible server and the manager corrected it by sending us a gift card and apologizing. Always a very cool atmosphere.
4	I'm quite late with this review, as I was Cowfish on June 2nd. We hosted a baby shower here for about 20 women.  We had the event on the patio area in the dire heat.  Initially, we thought that we would have had more space for our party and nature of the event, but we were kept to the tables and chairs set up. However, the mgrs. were willing to accomodate by bringing over additonal benches if possible. Our waiter was more than helpful. For whatever reason, we were given one waiter for our large group, so he was constantly getting this and checking on this. He was as attentive as he could be for the large crowd. I would have liked another dedicated server to ensure that no one was without drinks, plates were being cleared, etc. The food was great, as usual. We had a lot of options that were shareable platters for our event. None of them were too pricey either.  Overall, I like the restaurant and I would patron it again. However, if a private room or the entire patio could be used for an event, I would look at them again for hosting an event.
5	I have been here twice and both times I was thoroughly impressed. Let's start with the appearance. I love the decor. It's trendy and modern and most importantly it is clean. Both times I have been it has been jam packed and loud but not overwhelming. This wouldn't be the place for a quiet romantic dinner but is perfect for hanging out with friends or family. I had to wait a little while but not too long. Around 30 minutes. The food itself is scrumptious. Calamari, sushi, burger, and edamame were all spectacular - not to mention gorgeous. The service was fast and efficient and our waiter was friendly. The food didn't take very long to come out and our drinks were always refilled.The price is reasonable and you get quite a bit of food for your money. I would certainly recommend anyone to go try Cowfish. It's a interesting experience and I don't think you will be let down.
5	I split the firecracker sushi roll  ($15) and Hunka Hunka Burnin' Love burger (single patty) ($11). The burger came with fried pickles with a great, crunchy batter. The cowfish sauce is like Big Mac sauce, but with a mustard base instead of ketchup. I got there early on a Friday night and was seated early waiting for friends. The waitress didn't come by very often and check on us, and we waited quite a while to get the bill and our change back. Oh well.. very clean and the food was excellent. I personally wouldn't wait more than an hour but it's probably worth it.
5	You can tell the owners put a lot of thought on their food, and presentation. I loved the wall decors!
3	"Hey, you got your burger in my bento box!""You got your sushi in my hamburger!"The Cowfish is a brilliant restaurant concept that marries the red-hot gourmet burger trend with always popular sushi and other various Asian(ish) food styles.  The prices are a bit high and the service is pushy, but the food is creative and it tastes pretty good too.You can get a bento box that features a half-roll of sushi, a burger slider, and generous helpings of a few sides.  Mine was $14 and came with sweet potato fries, edamame, and some sort of pickled cucumber and onion salad.  Our server tried to talk me into ordering two full-sized entrees instead of the bento box because it would be more food.  Well, duh.  Two adult sized entrees will be more food, but it will also be twice the price.  And I can't imagine who would remain hungry after polishing off one of these bento boxes.  They are substantial.The sushi roll was well prepared and fresh.  The slider tasted okay but it wasn't anything special.  It came topped with jalapeno and a spicy sauce.I also sampled one of the regular, non-sushi full-sized burgers.  It had bacon on it and tasted pretty good, though not particularly memorable.  Passable but not craveable.Our server kept trying to get us to order extra sides and more expensive items.  I understand that this is part of the job and that a higher bill means more tip money, but gee whiz... this guy was overkill.  After a certain point you've just got to let it go and leave your diners in peace.I really, really love this concept.  The execution was decent too, although I think the burgers could use a bit of refining.  The prices seem too high by about $2-3 per dish and the service borders on rude, but I would return if I were in the Charlotte area again.
4	Love the ambiance... And the fact that the truly mean Burger is a plus... Known for their sushi box (which come in a wooden box if dinning in) their Bison Burger was pretty awesome...Also, a couple of peeps in the group got Cake Milkshake (both Van and Choc) which looked so good it almost had the whole table ordering them... Too bad people where "watching" what they ate...Can't wait to go back...
4	I've seen a lot of fusion restaurants during my time as a sushi chef, but I must admit that this is possibly the first time I've seen a true East-meets-West kind of fusion by swapping burger ingredients with sushi ingredients while maintaining the integrity of their form and function.When I sat down and looked at the menu, the most unique and bizarre items on the menu was the Burgushi where sushi ingredients came together as a burger and Western cuisine came together as a roll (Unlike Philly rolls, which are just abominations).  An odd concept nonetheless.I came with a friend and we ordered the Spicy Togarashi Shrimp as an appetizer.  My friend ordered two of the "Burgushi" rolls and I ordered the What's Shakin' Tuna Bacon Sandwich.  The Spicy Togarashi Shrimp were deep fried shrimp covered in sweet and spicy sauce.  It was delicious and the portion was generous, but as far as taste goes, I could have probably ordered something similar from a P.F. Chang (in a non-offensive manner of speaking).The "Burgushi" however is a completely different story.  Not only was my sandwich delicious, they were extremely creative using soy paper, rice, and fake crab meat to make the "buns" of my sandwich.  It was surprisingly large and filling yet didn't feel extremely heavy after finishing.  The rolls however can get a bit filling especially those that are topped with mayo (But then again, the "premium" rolls at other sushi restaurants do the same thing so you judge).Overall, it was a very pleasant experience with friendly wait staff and good food with a very small wait time. It's a little more expensive than your typical fusion restaurant, but it's worth the premium you pay.Food: 4Service: 5Price: 3.5
4	I came here for one reason and one reason only... the Nature Boy's Woooo-shi Buffalooooo-shi Roll!I don't care that it may not be traditional sushi.  I'm a Ric Flair fan, and once I knew this existed, I knew I was going to search this out in my recent trip to Charlotte.  I'm a dork that way.  Anyway, I can't speak to the rest of the food here.  But that roll was tremendous.  Great chipotle kick to the bison meat, great construction to the roll, wonderful flavor all around.  I may never eat it again.  But I'm glad I got to eat it once.  WHOOOOOO!
2	The fact that this place is routinely listed as one of the best restaurants in Charlotte is a joke.  To have this listed with Charlotte restaurant royalty (McNinch, Good Food, Mimosa, etc) could not be more off.  I am guessing you can tell by now that I am not a fan.  To begin, the menu is comically big, whenever I see a menu that long, it automatically is an issue. For the traditional sushi rolls - the cost/value is all off.  17 bucks for a sub-par tempura shrimp roll does not seem right.  Fusion rolls, I had the BBQ, and the bbq was not tasty and the roll seemed forced.  I guess  lot of people like this place, but for me, it is not any good.
5	Excellent!
4	Went with my wife and daughter, It was our first time and made the mistake of telling waitress we would take "first available" seating. We thought it was a table vs a seat at the bar.Well it was that plus a third choice, sitting outside on the patio in 90 degree heat with 90 percent humidity. The glasses of water on the table were sweating so much there were puddles under them.  It was uncomfortable to say the least.Anyway the food, I ordered a Tropical Storm Roll (sushi)The menu describes it as:California roll topped with 3 layers of fresh sashimi (tuna, salmon and yellowtail), then topped with Japanese cream sauce, sweet brown sauce and sriracha. Each pieces is then covered with multi-colored tobiko (flying fish egg) for a fantastic presentation. Served with a side of wasabi yuzu dipping sauceEven though I read the description, I underestimated this roll.When they say three layers of fish they mean it. The pieces of sushi were so large with the fish on top you had to deconstruct each slice because no human (a snake maybe) could get their mouth opened to fit a piece of this roll. Which was super flavorful.  There was no sign of sriracha sauce but plenty on the table so I added my own. Upon walking in the door we were quoted 45 mins for a table and I would have walked out by my daughter had her heart set on this place. Good news was that the wait was closer to 15-20 mins. Hostess probably lost a lot of business with those bad estimates, but hey it got me seated faster!Price was reasonable and I would surely return.
5	Love this place!  I can get my sushi with wine and my husband can get a burger with a milkshake!  Sushi is really good- fun atmosphere and locale.
4	We were a party of 5 having a late lunch. Still had to wait about 20 minutes. Generous portions of good food was had by all. Caution: burgers prepared medium are too red; safer to go with a medium well. Other than that everyone enjoyed their entree selections which included bento boxes, burgers and sushi. $5 bloody Mary's were a hit.
4	This place is awesome!! Dont be fooled by the weird sounding combinations.  Everything is fantastic!!!  The food is delicious and the staff is very friendly.  This is a great place to go the is different from your everyday restaurant.  The crab rangoon appetizer is phenom!!!  My biggest complaint about this place is they dont take reservations so I dont go that frequently.  I despise waiting to eat and theres always a line (guess that means they are doing something right).
4	I love this place!  I didn't give it 5 stars, because there is always a wait.  However anything worth having is worth waiting for, especially this sushi!  It's the bomb.com and has a little something for everybody.  You don't like sushi, no problem, they have burgushi!  What is that you say??? Super cool, Americanized burger sushi.  It might not sound too good but it's Amazing!  While you might have to wait for a table, the wait goes fast and once you're seated the service is great!  They also have these delicious garlic cheese truffle fries, that could be a meal by themselves.  If you are a sushi fan, or you want to try sushi then you have to try The Cowfish Sushi Burger Bar.  It's also a great place for groups or date night.  It's a super trendy place, with a great vibe and great food.
2	Meh. I mean, sure, if you're into 2-hour waits on a Wednesday and expensive, mediocre sushi, by all means go for it!
4	Love me some Cowfish! The entire menu here is awesome with page after page of options. Best sushi roll hands down is the Nirvana roll - highly impressed by that combo. But there is plenty of other options as well. Can't decide between the burger and the sushi? Get the burgushi... that's sushi on a burger. Or what I call a genius invention. Yet no matter what you order, ask for a side of Cowfish sauce. Great with beef entrees. Stop in on Tuesdays for half-priced martinis. The key lime pie martini is my favorite and comes with a graham cracker rim. Smooth, cool and not overly sweet like I expected. And I sometimes savor in the alcoholic milkshakes. Will they get you buzzed? Not at all but they're a great way to end a meal and perfect to share. And extra tip, join the Cowfish email club before you go - once you join, you receive a coupon for a free appetizer. I recommend the crab rangoon dip... plenty for the table and it's crab rangoon as a dip... that's #winning right there. This place is always busy - which lets you know it's worth the wait - so I'd advise calling ahead and trying to stake out a spot at the bar.
2	it takes AGES and AGES and AGES to be seated and even then the food is so so and drinks over priced. It is incredibly noisy. Good location and the decor is 'funky' but that's it for this place. I live around the corner and out of towners love thgis place but that's because it's a 'happening place'.
3	My burger was cooked to perfection and had great flavor!  Service was prompt and friendly.  My friend's pulled pork sushi, ODD.  He and I both enjoy culinary risks and this was a not a win. However, I do like the concept and would go back to give it another try.
4	Such amazing place. I've been there couple of times. It is always busy, but it's worth the  wait man.  I like their food and prices.  Customer service is always good.  4 stars  because I had to wait for a long time in line.  They can change it!
3	Recently ate dinner there had a wonderful sushi option the North Hills Roll. Just wish it weren't so expensive or I would go more often.
4	Why bother reviewing The Cowfish? After all, everyone else and their grandmother has reviewed it.Well, my 4 stars are for the food.We walked in late the other night and the hostess looked incredibly confused that we wanted to be seated at a table instead of the bar. But apparently she wasn't able to seat us?!?Hopped on two stools at the bar and ordered glasses of water. Food was simple: Parmesan truffle fries with bacon on the side, a Neon Dion roll for the Mr, and for me, the green monster burger with their veggie burger instead of beef.The fries were impressive. As in...we ate them all unapologetically.It was probably my third time ordering the green monster with a veggie burger, and this time I asked for the bun on the side. Didn't want to miss out on even a forkful of the action. As a side, I went with the cucumbers. Let's just say that I looked like a quasi-homeless person scooping burger and cucumber into my face with reckless abandon. It's just so good.So sure, go to The Cowfish. But don't freak out if you have a half-hour wait because it's so popular. Also, don't freak out if the service is a bit nonchalant. Ultimately, the food is solid.
2	Well I think I just ordered wrong here so let me tell you what not to do. I got the Tuna Bacon Sandwich, which has the "buns" made of basically sushi rice. And it was way way way too much rice. Like I was just eating a bunch of plain dry rice.  As an appetizer I did try a roll and I remember it being good, but that memory was overpowered by the crummy burgushi sandwich.
2	Been here three times now. Burgers and sushi aren't bad, good at best. Paying for the atmosphere and location not the quality of food.
4	Don't believe the hype? It really is as good as they say. My only issue is that they don't take reservations so in order to get a table, you have to wait 2 hours. But if you don't mind waiting somewhere else (the bar will be full too) until your table is ready, I recommend the filet sushi.
2	Just ok, IMO. There is a lot better sushi in Charlotte.
4	The sushi hear is pretty good....not the best....but the service makes up or that. I recommend the ahi-tuna-tina served with avocado in a martini glass. That and the Crab Rangoon dip make a great appetizer. Try the Neon Deon or a twist on your usual crunchy roll. It is a coconut shrimp with Cajun spice roll. For a raw roll the Tropical Storm is yummy. It has three layers of assorted fish with masago on top. Also, our food came out fast which is always a plus!
5	5 Stars and excellent food!I have been wanting to try Cowfish or awhile and finally went. I went around lunchtime and made a reservation the day before. They take reservations 11-6, so if you plan to go in that time definitely call the day before because they tend to stay very busy. We chose to sit outside which was nice, plenty of tables, and it was covered as well. For an appetizer we had the onion rings, very good! They come is small and large sizes, the large had about 7-8 huge onion rings, the dipping sauces are delicious as well, esp the sweet chili sauce. As my main meal i had a fushion bento box. Complete with sushi, a speciality mini burger, edamame, cucumber salad, and sweet potato fries. They give you plenty of food, i took home leftoversOverall great experience, i will be back! They have a huge menu so lots of options!
5	Amazing! Had the Surf and Turf (beef inside the roll with seafood on top) and Ahi Burger. The beef/sushi fusion is so tasty and a cool concept. Great sauces and good service!
4	Great concept!  I had the Ultimate Bento Box - with the Blackened Lobster Roll + the Boursin Burger.-- Blackened Lobster Roll:  very interesting concept, having lobster crab cake in a sushi roll.  First couple pieces were good, but I got a little tired of it after a while.  I'd go for something closer to legit sushi next time to even out the flavor.  -- Boursin Burger:  the boursin cheese was awesome, and the burger was pretty good, but it was a little dry for my flavor.-- Sides:  Soured cucumbers were good, but there was a little too much of it.  Sweet potato fries were good, but a little mushy.  And edamame was delicious, there's really no way to mess up edamame anyway.-- Environment:  Is great, the decor around this place was very nice.  I loved their canvas'.  And their fish tank is amazing.  They actually have a longhorn cowfish in their tank!-- Overall, I would recommend this place.  It's great to see urban fusion in Charlotte.  They're doing something no one else really is, and I would really support this.  I would recommend trying something else though.  The waitress told me to try the Bento Box, but if I were you, I'd either just go for the rolls or try the Burgushi.   Bento Box was good, but I wish I would've tried the Burgushi.
5	I absolutely LOVE this place! This has been a regular on my must go to list whenever im in town (which is often due to business), its fairly priced and the food quality is amazing!Two of my favorites are their Orange dreamsicle milkshake and their crab ragoon dip! if you dont order that your missing out big time!
4	You would not think the sushi would be any good, but it is even in Charllotte.  Great selection on the menu, it seems overwhelming, but the second read is much easier.
4	I had a veggie burger and onion rings as an appetizer. The atmosphere is really great and it's in one of my favorite areas. The food portions are big! I loooove the onion rings, the coconut covering made it stand out from any I've had before. After eating the onion ring I could not come close to finishing my burger, which was great also. The staff are very nice and the crowd is very diverse and relaxed.
5	Visited from out of town and instantly wanted to try this place from looking at the menu online. I can't remember the last time I had such a fantastic meal!Ahi tuna nachos were outstanding. Delicious blend of flavors. Got a Burgushi-- as strange as it sounds, was soo good! Also had the firecracker roll per waiter suggestion and was dead on with flavor. If I lived here I would most certainly be a frequent flyer..  Still drooling over my dish!
4	Had another really terrific meal here last night and highly recommend this place to anyone.  However, beware they have stopped taking same day reservations and even on a Tuesday night there was an hour plus wait.  When I called they did let me do a call ahead seating so our actual wait on site was reasonable.  We started with the crab and lobster spring rolls which were presented vertically, pinned together at the bottom with nice sauces. The portions was HUGE. Next we ate the "Motherload", a plate that included 2 of every fish in the Resturant! Yumm.  The firecracker roll was also huge and very fresh and tasty. We had a couple other specialty rolls and left the place begging for mercy as we were stuffed.  Oh yes, and Tuesdays "fancy" martinis are 1/2 price... The bill was $89 for dinner fans drinks for two tall guys.Go enjoy this please. It's great.  Last time there we tried a burger slider plate as an app and it stood out with terrific favors.
2	I signed up for yelp to compliment a restaurant. I am much more likely to give praise than negative feedback but after my experience tonight I feel I must criticize. We have been to this restaurant on several occasions and found it to be fun.  We arrived tonight to a bar FULL of empty tables and waiters sitting around talking. We still had to wait about 30 minutes, along with many other complaining customers. When we asked why, wewere told it was because there were not enough menus! The restaurant was only 2/3 seated at best! We were finally seated by the most unfriendly, unsmiling hostess. Before we sat down, we asked if we could be moved two tables down to another empty 4 top that was not right outside the kitchen door and she rolled her eyes.  Our sushi did not taste fresh.  Good sushi melts in your mouth. All the tuna was tough and chewy. Take my advice, there are plenty of other sushi restaurants in charlotte. Go find another.
5	Waiting 45 minutes for a meal, is usually a BIG problem for my impatient husband!! Boy! Am I glad his attention was easily diverted last night, because it was worth the wait!! We ordered 2 bento boxes and 2 burgersushi rolls ! Mine was perfectly cooked steak wrapped around perfectly rolled sushi! The combination of wasabi pickled ginger and steak..., is amazing!! Who would have thought!! Go try Cowfish as an exercise in thinking outside the box!!
4	Very unique menu with a lot of great options for those who like seafood and those who don't. For someone who does not like sushi, I loved my Cowfish sushi roll.
5	We stayed in the area for a long weekend. So many people told us about the Resturant the food was tasty. The menu was not just sushi but a variety of things. Beef, chicken and fish. While it does get crowded you might be able to find a seat at the bar that looks like it wraps around the place. The drinks aren't the greatest but the foods makes up for it. I can't wait to go back.
5	Great food and great sushi , if you are looking for something different then this is the spot
3	The concept of this place is pretty brilliant! Burger bar, sushi bar, full bar? Don't mind if I do. As someone mentioned the menu is kind of outrageously large and that usually means lesser quality and a slower kitchen. I appreciate a restaurant that does a small menu phenomenally.It took about 15 minutes (3 stops by the waitress) and finally her recommendation before I placed my order. I ordered the original cowfish bento box with a Philly roll, slider, sweet potato fries, edamame, and cucumber salad. The sweet potato fries were delicious and the cucumber salad is literally (the original definition, not the new ridiculous one) the best I've had at any sushi bar. Everything else was pretty basic and the service was pretty slow. They messed up my sister's order. My friend and I were nearly done eating by the time she got her meal. The manager brought it out and comp'ed it.We ordered dessert too! A tower of lemon pound cake, ice cream, whipped cream, and berries. It was amazing. The three of us couldn't finish it! After dessert we waited for our check. We were chatting, but after 30 minutes or more we had to ASK for our check. The atmosphere was nice and maybe I'll try going at a less busy time before I make a final ruling on the service. I'll be back.
3	I checked yelp for a good lunch place and found this. I ended up bringing about 12 people with me. The staff were nice even though we came without a reservation, and kept adding people to our table.The menus are huge. I had trouble looking at one without knocking anything over on the table. Also, I'm short, and we were at a high table, so that could be part of the issue. The dishes also have some annoying names. "Screamin' Korean Chicken?" Really?The food is fine, but it is definitely fusion. Don't look for authentic here! I had the hamachi (yellowtail) topped with a slice of jalapeno and ponzu sauce, plus a roll. The roll was fine. It was all fine. Just not memorable. The atmosphere and the crazy menu were more memorable.But I'd go back. It's fun, and the quality is fine.
5	Delicious, sweet atmosphere, friendly staff, I LOVE Cowfish.Start with the crab rangoon dip.  Thank me later.I like most of the sushi here, I haven't ventured into the "burger-ushi" yet - but plan to someday.  I usually get one of the specialty rolls, or the bento box best of both worlds!  Cowfish has a really fun feel to it, and if you go to the bathroom you can learn English, Spanish, and Redneck phrases!  I have never been disappointed in anything here.  But don't go hungry, as they usually have a wait - no matter what time you go.  Really though, that's a good sign.  You can have a drink elsewhere, wander around the mall, or day dream in Crate & Barrel to kill the time.
5	I love this restaurant! So many different options of great food, and the sushi is the best I've ever had at any restaurant!! Great location, service , and food!!
5	I love, love, love this restaurant!!! We live in Winston-Salem, but my husband and I make it a point to find excuses to come to Charlotte simply to eat here. I adore seafood and sushi... my husband, on the other hand, would be happy if all things that swim were eradicated from the planet (or at least the dinner table) so the burger options for him and the sushi options for me make us both happy. And while I've never tried the burgers, they look decadently delicious!We've been here several times, and I'm sure the waitstaff is delighted when they hear they don't have to explain the weighty menu to oldtimers. Seriously, the menu is only slightly smaller than the Bible, and it can be a bit overwhelming and intimidating at first. Take a deep breath and relax and take your time with it; it's worth it. My favorite appetizers are the crab rangoon dip (makes me drool just thinking about it), the lobster and crab spring rolls (pretty presentation!), and the avocado and ahi tuna-tini (could make this my meal all by itself).  I've created my own sushi rolls at times for an entree, but the crafted rolls on the menu are so delicious I usually just select something already created by the restaurant. One roll is enough for anyone other than perhaps sumo wrestlers... or my 15 year old.  The bento boxes are also a nice option since they offer a little bit of everything."Burgushi" is the Cowfish's term for a fusion of burgers and sushi, and this is a nice thing to try if you're not really into the raw fish thing (silly you). These "sushi" rolls incorporate a lot of filet mignon choices and/or cooked fish, bacon(!), lamb, pulled pork, etc, etc. I've never had one I didn't love. The restaurant is a little loud, but it has a fun sort of industrial-vibe about it with interactive touchscreen menus at the bar and amusing, snarky paintings on the wall that will make you chuckle if you have any sense of humor at all.  There is a nice patio area in the back as well. The bar wraps around the entire restaurant and offers plenty of seating along with views of an amazing fish tank. The owner of this restaurant is a Texas Longhorn... Hook 'em!!!!! (though I would eat here even if he was an Aggie). I haven't tried the Cowfish's new location in Raleigh yet, but that is about to be rectified in a couple of weeks. I've given up hoping any restaurant like this will open up in Winston-Salem/Greensboro.
4	I need a place like this at home. My girlfriend doesn't like sushi and I love it. We would be able to come here and she could get a burger and I could get some delicious sushi.On a Saturday afternoon this place was packed. There was about a 20 minute wait when I arrived, but luckily there was a single seat at the bar that I was able to grab, skipping the line. I was greeted quickly by one of the bartenders and handed a menu. He grabbed me a glass of water while I hunted through the large list of drinks.I landed on The Hershey Swiss spiked milkshake ($10). Its a chocolate shake with booze in it. What's not to like? It was delicious and a nice change from all the beer I had been drinking through the week.The menu here is quite large. Take a great burger place that has tons of options and mix it with a sushi place that has a healthy choice of rolls, then add some specialties that make this restaurant unique and you can start to see how the menu can get long. Now we're not saying its like reading War and Peace just to get a meal here. The menu is organized and clear, you just might have to get the server over to help narrow down your choices.I went with their "Burgushi" specialty and chose the What's Shakin' Tuna Bacon Sandwich with a side of their Thai Cucumbers ($14). The sandwich was a blackened seared rare Ahi tuna, sliced up and was topped with bacon, tomato salsa, jalapenos, and slaw. Their "bun" is cool. Its rice and kani (crab) wrapped in rice paper. Its then grilled to give it a texture like you would expect from a traditional bun.The sandwich was great, though a little messy. The bacon gave the sandwich a nice crunchy texture to go against the soft tuna so you don't feel like you're eating a sandwich of mush. I didn't really get any flavour from the tomato salsa or slaw, but there was some nice heat on the back end from the jalapenos. The Thai cucumbers were excellent and had a nice spiciness to them.For $30 including the tip this was a great weekend lunch.
3	I saw the concept of sushi and burgers and was instantly intrigued. Two of my favorite things! The wait clearly told me that people felt the same way. I ordered the Fusion Specialty Bento Box. It included a roll of my choice (Mark's) and the slider of the week. Food didn't take terribly long to arrive despite being so packed. The slider was average. I enjoyed the gorgonzola spread it came with but there was hardly enough on there to truly comment on it. The patty itself was decent, but not spectacular. The sushi roll was good. I really like inside-out rolls. The wasabi mayo added a good level of heat but I could have used with more fish. The sides were also mediocre. Sweet potato fries -- while tasty, not very creative. My friend got one of the hybrid rolls with beef inside and cheese on top, coming as a recommendation from the waitress. I guess being used to the coolness of raw fish the warm sushi was a strange sensation. They use chopped beef which kind of falls apart in your mouth and the thick fry breading makes it difficult to eat more than one or two. Overall, I thought service was helpful and patient with us. We were a pretty indecisive bunch. However, I found the restaurant misty kitschy and probably not somewhere I would frequent. It's definitely a place to visit once but the food is not that interesting in execution.
5	I actually REALLY liked the food here!  I was recommended the Bar-B-Qshi by the bartender and it sure did not disappoint!  The presentation of the food was incredible, as pulled pork sushi rolls full of flavor surrounded a neatly stacked volcano made of delectable, tasty onion rings.The service was fantastic, and the menu options are plentiful.  They give you a lot of food too, but yet it's not too much, because the food is delicious!  I will definitely be coming back here next time I'm in Charlotte!
4	Loved the bento box with a small slider, fries, a couple pieces of sushi, edamame, etc. Fantastic fusion of food that appeased my Japanese and American heritage. :)
5	We had a great time eating here with our kids while in Charlotte! It is always hard to find healthy kid friendly food while traveling and this place has it figured out. They have these great bento boxes that made the kids and us happy. The sushi and burgers were good too. Now we just wish you all would open one in Atlanta!
3	I had huge expectation for this place after reading all of the other positive reviews with this place.  I wanted to love their food so badly but I just couldn't trick my taste buds.I got a taste explosion roll and my friend got a bento box. After stuffing an entire piece of the roll into my mouth, I thought I loved it. It was a fabulous confusing mixture of sushi and a burger swimming about. Then as I had my second and third roll I couldn't lie to myself anymore. The concoction of a burger with sushi had an overwhelming conflicting taste that just did not work together. I did not despise the roll but it just did not meet my expectation. I am sure there is some way you can befriend the flavors of sushi and burgers but this was not it. As for the bento box, there was nothing too special other than seeing sweet potato fries and edamame served as a side next to each other. Asides from the food, the restaurant had a great vibe. Red and black decor with this sweet fish tank. PLEASE NOTE THE FISH TANK! I saw nemo, dori, and some other characters from finding nemo and then this fugly looking fish. As I was waiting for my food, I decided to look up where the name originated from and to my surprise, I saw a COWFISH! I do not see the cow resemblance with the fish but they had a cowfish swimming in their tank! Props. So... this place is definitely worth going to to experience the bizarre food with Andrew Zimmern but I personally did not love the food. (the mojito was delish tho)Concluding Haiku:Give the Cow' a lickFunky fish too burgerishGive the Fish' a lick
5	One of the most unique restaurants in the United States, and that's not an exaggeration. I've never taken a bite of a burger before and thought, "I wonder how this would taste with sushi ingredients." Conversely, I've never eaten sushi and thought, "Man, this would be great with burger ingredients." And that's really the magic of the Cowfish. It's innovative eating at it's finest, one that will open your mind and better yet, your taste buds. As a kicker to the crazy menu, they have handmade milkshakes (including some with alcohol!) that will be a perfect dinner wrap to your dining. A must in Charlotte. Enjoy!
4	Stopped by with the family after shopping @ South Park and had a great meal. I ate the Texan burger and my wife ate a combo type meal (filet with sushi). She loved it! Cool atmosphere but had the kids so only one drink type night. I'd recommend it for sure!
4	I was hoping for more flavor from the sirachai edamame. The little lamb roll and straight up nigiri sushi was wonderful.  Worth the trip
5	My friend and I went here on a Friday night and absolutely loved it. We did a late dinner (9pm) so had absolutely no issues getting seated right away. We ordered the Tuna Nachos as an appetizer and were very pleasantly surprised, they were delicious! Very unique and like nothing I've ever had before. We also split two rolls, which were huge and delicious. Definitely worth the money (versus some sushi places that I feel like to over charge for small portions). Overall, the service is great, the food is fantastic, and I will definitely be back for more!
5	Love the burger and sushi!
5	Get the Green Monster Burger, you can thank me later!
4	Had lunch at 3pm today. I had the Swiss chicken sandwich with onion strings as my side. Very good, sizable portion. My wife had the Ahi Tuna salad which was very  good. Martinis were well done, red wine a bit too warm. Good cheesecake, huge slice.
4	DELISH! Went on a Sunday afternoon for lunch after reading all the positive feedback.  The wait was less than 15 minutes which was very impressive since the place was packed. This gave me the impression that service was fast, but that's not the case (more on that later).We started off with the crab rangoon dip appetizer which took about 20 minutes to come out. It came out hot, fresh, and wonderfully tasty. We decided to try burgers since we aren't big sushi fans. I had the boursin burger. The burger itself had a great flavor and the meat was sinfully tasty. It came on an onion roll which was very fresh and soft. It came loaded with delicious grilled mushrooms and onions. Here are two things that really downgraded the food. 1) the boursin cheese on the burger was horrendous and gritty and 2) it took almost 45 minutes to get our entrees. I sent the burger back and tried it with swiss and it was much better.  But the remake took 25 minutes to come out so I took it to go. I also had a side salad with ginger dressing. The dressing was the best I've had in a while.If they could speed up service this would be one of the best restaurants around.  But it took us over 2 hours from the time we were seated to complete our meal. That's a bit excessive.  However, the food was very good.
3	Concept is great, service was slow, waitress was like a robot, manager was Awesome! Food taste was great, good quality ingredients,  food took for ever, not impress!
5	Great food.  So many options to choose from. Had the Ultimate Brento Bento box so could have a little bit of it all. Burger and sushi. It was all great. I think next time I will go with all sushi as it was very good sushi.
3	the place is very good...I am not still a fan of Sushi. I tried three dishes in one night! But I need some work to get into Japanese cuisine style, I guess! Will try later again and correct the rating..
4	The bento box is the way to go! You get to try the sushi and burgers and get some awesome sides as well. The decor is nice and the tapes they have playing in the bathroom are funny and one of a kind. The only thing I hate about this place is that it is always a LONG LONG LONG wait to get in but totally worth it once you get inside. If you have room afterward try a spiked milkshake its worth the extra calories!
5	This place is so fun! The wait can be long, but it's totally worth it. The bar is first-come first-serve, so just squeeze in there and have a martini and an app if there's a wait. The Asian Orchid martini is my favorite; it's fruity but not too sweet. Get that and the Avocado and Ahi Tuna-Tini. It's amazing! I always get the Tropical Storm Roll for my main, it's got everything you could want on it. I love that they offer brown rice for their rolls.
4	Cowfish has been open for about 3 years & this place is still packed as ever! I've eaten here a number of times & DIDN'T have to wait only twice (one of those times was during lunch). It can get pricey, but the portions are big enough to last at least 2 meals (and no I'm not a "dainty eater"). I will go into more detail about my first two visits because we had very different experiences with the food.VISIT #1Our first visit was actually on our 1st anniversary. BF & I couldn't decide where to eat, but we remembered that Cowfish opened a couple of months before so we headed over. We were able to get seated right away, but it was at a less than desirable table (right by the door in January?? brrrrr!) BF wanted to move to another table, but I'd been a hostess for a number of years & know how annoying it can get when customers keep switching tables on you, so I told him to deal with it & stay at this table. We were a bit overwhelmed by the huge, 10+ page menu, but our server made a few recommendations for us. We started off with some Sticks, Sweets, & Strings (3 S's) and BF ended up getting 1 burgushi (Taste Explosion) & another fusion specialty I can't remember & I ended up getting NOT a burger, but a "knife & forker" entree of stuffed eggplant (I believe these aren't on the menu anymore) & a Vegetarian Roll. The 3 S's were great! Copious portions of regular fries, sweet potato fries, & onion strings accompanied with a trio of dipping sauces.. artery-clogging goodness! I still get this on subsequent visits as well. BF liked his fusion specialty roll & thought the Taste Explosion roll was a bit odd, but at least he tried it! I wasn't really impressed with my eggplant but I guess that's partly my fault for ordering eggplant at a restaurant that specializes in burgers & sushi! However, my veggie roll was just alright, nothing special. It contained avocado, asparagus, & cucumber.. very basic stuff. We ordered the apple wontons for dessert & that was delish!First visit we spent over $100 for a couple of drinks, 1 app, 2 entree-sized rolls, 1 knife & fork entree, a basic roll, & dessert and left pretty underwhelmed about the food. Service was exemplary, however. At the time, I probably would have given Cowfish a 2.5 rounded up to a 3. Good service & kinda pricey for ok food.VISIT #2My second visit was also with the BF. We went on his bday, a few months after our first visit. It was a Tuesday, & we were quoted a 30 minute wait, so BF gave them his phone number & we went to the mall to chill. After about 20 min, they gave him a call to let us know our table was ready.. but we still had to walk back to the restaurant from the mall so they held our table for us. We were seated at a much better table, away from the door.I couldn't believe how packed it was on a Tuesday, but it must have been because of the half off 10 oz "exotic" martini special! You better believe I took advantage of that! I went with the Asian Orchid- raspberry sake, raspberry liqueur, and pineapple juice and also the Key Lime Pie- vanilla vodka, frangelico, fresh lime, & pineapple juice, with a graham cracker rim! Both martinis were excellent!I had already looked at the menu beforehand so I already knew what I wanted. We started off with the 3 S's again & also the Chinese Chicken Salad without the chicken, cilantro, or green onion. This came with mixed greens, red & napa cabbage, bok choy, snow peas, red pepper, mandarin oranges, peanuts, carrot & beet curls, crispy wonton strips, & tossed in a peanut vinaigrette! It was pretty darn good, I must say! Big enough for both of us to share as well. For my entree, I decided to play it safe & stick with a burger- the Heavenly Veggie to be more specific. This wasn't the generic, frozen black bean burger you get at other places. Their house made veggie patty had brown rice, panko, cranberries, quinoa, roasted corn, spinach, edamame, & red peppers! Definitely the most unique veggie patty I have ever tried. The burger was served on a wheat bun with spinach, red onion, roasted red peppers, & avocado.. I also added some pepperjack cheese, pepperoncinis, & got a side of BBQ sauce.. what a delicious, monster-sized creation! It came with a side as well, so I got some more of those crispy sweet potato fries. My burger fell apart about halfway through, so I had to eat the rest of it with a fork.. nbd. I ended up ditching the bun & eating just the patty & toppings.Overall, we were more impressed with the food this time around & the service was just as great as before. Since we had a better experience the 2nd time, we still come here & I have even brought a few friends who were visiting from out of town & they loved the concept & the food. I have been thinking about trying one of the bento boxes lately so I will have to force myself to get it next time, instead of the veggie burger!I absolutely loved the Counter & was sad to see it go, but Cowfish has taken a great thing & made it even better!
5	Avocado and ahi tuna-tini: absolutely exquisite! Fresh cubes of raw ahi tuna and chunks of avocado marinated in tangy ginger dressing. A must order for an appetizer! Burgushi is delicious and such a neat presentation: try the What's Shakin' tuna Bacon. Very much recommend dining here!
3	We came back. Service was ok, our waitress was very nice and attentive. However the food was cold ,orders a bento box and my fries were cold. My daughter ordered a burger and she ordered it well done, but it was very dry and she didn't eat it.  So again great concept , different flavors something different to do.
4	Great food - great experience!!
2	Sushi is good but nothing you couldn't find at a real Sushi house. Had to wait hours for a table then they double billed our credit card and refused to fix it.
4	First timer, came by on a Thursday at 5:15pm, wasn't seated till 6pm.  Reservations are hard to come by too, as it's voice mail only, and you only find out the morning of if your reservation is accepted.  They need to get on OpenTable or something.  Not sure what they can do about their seating issues, but have to take one star off for that one.Our server, Brian was friendly and very helpful.  He recommended a nice chunky unfiltered sake that scratched my itch for the night.  Felt like something unique, ordered the filet oscar roll from the burgushi menu.  This roll was great, except it was too dry.  The filet everything inside the roll was fine, it's that the crab cake on the top combined with the rice made it difficult to chew and swallow.  Eaten separately, removing the crabcake from the filet mignon, portabello mushroom & asparagus center, it was fine...The traditional sushi and sashimi was great!
3	Sushi was great, service was quick. The... burgushi was not that great.  My friend didn't finish her burger, but said it was ok.
5	What can I say other than "GET THERE NOW!!  Jamie was our server so make sure you ask for her.  She was awesome and made out first experience here perfect. The Green Monster Burger (with an added flair from Jamie) was perfect.  We also had the Tasmanian Devil Roll...basic but really good.  Don't forget dessert...get the Fresh Berry Talk Cake.
4	Great bento boxes at lunch!  Although I am never able to finish them. I recommend the bento box because you get a slider size of the "burger of the day" and huge sushi roll with three different sides!  The crab Rangoon dip is a yummy appetizer.
3	Met a friend here for dinner on a cold, rainy night.  We were seated on the patio which was quite nice due to heat lamps.  My friend ordered a bento box, which came with sushi, a small burger, sweet potato fries, edamame and a very delicious cucumber salad.  I got the Birkenstocky Shiitake Maki.  It sounded so flavorful from the description, but the rolls were bland.Service was good, and this was a good halfway to meet my friend.  I will return, but next time I will try a salad or the veggie burger.  I heard that the burger is spicy with loads of tastiness!
4	The atmosphere is awesome and the food is better.  If you're looking for a quiet dinner, this is not the place to go.  It's also a bit on the pricey side, but everything I've had there has been great.  The fusion "burgushi" items are particularly good.  The menu is always evolving so the experience is always fresh.  The service is good enough, especially considering how busy they are.One complaint.  There have been times when trying to place a take-out order was way more difficult that it should be.  It's so loud there that the staff can't hear the order properly.  Other times, it took 10 to 15 minutes just to get someone on the line.Other than that, it's a great spot.
5	Try the burgushi!  I got the tuna and bacon "burger" and the bun was made out of the most delicious crab infused rice wrapped in won ton like wrappers.  It may sound weird but it was amazing!  The thai cucumber side was also good and had a nice kick.  I wish they had more locations!  What a fun, tasty concept!  Can't wait to return and try the rest of the menu.
1	This is a snob joint. Completely unhappy. After a substantial bill, they accidentally delivered me a drink I didn't order. Instead of rewarding a good customer, they would rather pour it down the drain. Out of principal, will never come back
3	Came at an odd time - 3ish on a Thursday.TNT roll - the boyfriend ordered the lunch special with edamame. Sushi is good but the prices could be better.Cowfish bento box - this is a pretty good deal especially if you want to try everything. The sushi seemed fresh and the slider had good beef.Creamsicle milkshake - this was the boyfriend's favorite, thick and creamy with a nice orange flavor.Sidenote - they seem pretty dedicated to the "cowfish" theme.Verdict - Prices were pretty high but the quality is there.
5	Amazing bloody marys and sashimi. I order there combo sashimi and then some rolls thinking they would be small and simple. Nope :) the sashimi had huge chungs of fresh fish ready for me to attack. Great service and awesome food. 5/5.
5	The Cowfish is not your average sushi place. They specialize in total original and one of a kind sushi and burgers. Some of their classics even infuse a mixture of burgers and sushi. Everything we had was so fresh and the service we received from Jonathan was superb. The presentation of the meals we had were exquisite. we were only able to sample four meal choices and were very pleased with everything. My wife and I left completely satisfied and very full. I would definitely recommend the Cowfish for a great night out.
4	Shakes are a must along with a burger. Menu is too big but great place to eat
5	Such a cool place. Very trendy and makes for an excellent date spot. But be prepared to wait if you go during prime dinner time. You can sometimes get seated faster if you are willing to sit at the sushi bar - depending on how long the wait is I would maybe opt to go that route (especially if there is a sports game you want to catch while eating). I have had both their burgers and various assortments of sushi (rolls, sashimi, and nigiri) and they are all very good. As the name suggests, Cowfish is good at two things: burgers and sushi! You won't be disappointed with either!
5	The burgushi is awesome. Definitely recommend the Taste Explosion roll. It's named appropriately since the varying flavors hit your tongue at different times. Fun to sit at the bar too. Energy in this place is great.
3	Put simply, it may be the case that the Cowfish is overrated. Located next to the shopping mall underneath an apartment building (I do not want to be associated with people who live in apartments basically on top of a mall. Ick.), the Cowfish restaurant seems wildly popular. It has nearly 500 reviews in the solid red-orange range of four stars. My wife and I couldn't get a table at 4:30 on Jan. 1, so we sat at the bar.Here you can get sushi, or burgers, or a combo of both. I guess this means your health nut friends and your obese unhealthy friends can all get together in one restaurant! For that, Cowfish, many kudos. In fact, more restaurants should be heading in this direction. And for that, you deserve four stars. Below is why I knocked it down a notch.Step inside the bathroom and you hear automated recordings of a man and a woman taking on a faux North Carolina hick, redneck accent and spewing off a number of homespun axioms. I wish I could remember a few, but they were things like, "Don't pee on my back and call it rain!" and they were repeated ad nauseam. It was truly difficult to bear. The next reason Cowfish drops a notch is simply due to its service. It took forever to get a food order, and when we did, the food arrived fairly quickly. I ordered some edamame and sushi. The edamame was good, and not too salty. The sushi was also good: spicy tuna and vegetarian rolls. They were wrapped pretty well, you got a good piece of fish in there, and it tasted fresh.On the walls are the paintings that are humorous take-offs on famous paintings or art. Some seem mildly offensive or distasteful. One of them is an Asian Mona Lisa. What? Another is a rendering of Picasso's Guernica, which depicts the German bombing of a Basque region during the Spanish Civil War. It's a pretty gut-wrenching painting of a solemn topic. But in the Cowfish's rendering, all the character, people suffering and fleeing from a Nazi bombing, are COWS. It's just not in good taste. Granted, some of the painting are actually funny.To top it of, after I paid, my server started awkwardly joking with me as I fiddled with my phone. "I know you want to dance," he quipped to the loud pop music pumping in the background. It's okay. Go ahead and dance." Where was all this attention when I wanted to order a meal? I managed a polite, if feeble, grin, and got the heck outta there.
4	Very cool place..and concept.  I loved that I could play digital Connect Four at the bar while eating and drinking!It's not cheap by any means, but considering how big the rolls and sashimi is..it's well worth it.  What we ate there would have cost $200 in NYC so I considerate it a deal.Downside:  very packed and some of the staff were snobby.Upside:  The food outweighed the snobby staff..haha
4	On a recent visit to Charlotte, a friend and her husband picked  me up at CLT to take me to my hotel, and we decided to get a bite to eat before they dropped me off.  They told me about Cowfish and how good their sushi was as well as their burgers and milkshakes.Granted it was a Friday evening, and it did not seem to be overly crowded, so I was not expecitng a 90 minute wait.  But it gave my friends and I a chance to sit and catch up as we waited.
3	Ok so I tried them again. It's still crowded and loud and I can't really imagine this being a date restaurant unless you want to sit across the table and yell at your date. Neither of those things are really necessarily bad though. The food was pretty good especially the sweet potato fries. This time I had a burger and it was also pretty good (although my medium rare burger was WAY on the rare side of medium rare) . Here's the thing though. The food is not really all that . . and in a place crowded and loud and expensive I really need the food to be all that and it's just not. It is very trendy but for me trendy is kind of a bad thing. I can go to Fudruckers and get a burger that's just as good and not leave with a headache. So yeah I'm taking them down to 3 stars. Because for as long as I wanted to be seated and as much as I paid the food needed to be better. A previous reviewer said over rated, I tend to agree.
4	This is a very hip place with great food and a cool atmosphere!  Expect to wait (we waited an hour and a half at the bar) but enjoy their "pending guests" software while you do.  You'll be texted a unique cartoon fish when you check in and can watch your fish float around a virtual fish tank. The bigger he gets, the closer you are to getting a table.The food is good but their menu is a bit large and overwhelming.  The Lobster and Crab Spring Rolls are a delicious appetizer. Try something different here and you'll likely enjoy the unique blend of favors.  They offer traditional sushi but, unique to this place, their sushi-esque options (Burgushi) are what we always go for.  The rolls are large enough to share so, if you go as a couple, split a burger and a unique "sushi" roll.  We enjoyed The Primetime Filet and Lobster Roll and CBCLT burger.  It was a ton of food for two people.  This restaurant has a large outdoor seating area and, if it's not warm out, they'll have the plastic curtains down and heaters on.
4	I had the chance to visit this place a few months ago with a friend of mine and I ordered the veggie burger. I admit a veggie burger is not the most exciting of items on a menu but I do appreciate when restaurants have vegetarian options available. The veggie burger itself seemed to be an inhouse made patty instead of a reheated frozen boca patty or something. It was very satisfying! The rest of the menu had some very good options as well and even has some crazy sushi burger!The decor/atmosphere is very good and would make for a nice place to take your date for a nice meal.
4	What a wonderful experience!I love the Southpark area, and all it has to offer in regards to fine dining, and Cowfish did not disappoint. I must preface this review by noting that I do NOT mind paying more money for a satisfying meal. I find their prices to be very reasonable, considering the quality and presentation of the food. For a MONSTROUS roll, and the best assortment of edamame I have ever consumed, my total bill was around $22-24. If you love southern BBQ, as I have grown to love and crave, please try the deliverance roll. Pulled pork bbq is wrapped in the dried seaweed with rice and tempura onion straws, flash fried, and topped with bacon coleslaw and bbq sauce. Y'all have no idea how tasty this roll was! It was so tasty, in fact, that I had to throw a "y'all" in there! Most importantly, every morsel of food tasted fresh and clean, as they made sure to not cross-contimaniate my non-raw roll with their cuts of raw fish. Very professional, very trendy, my entire experience was delightful!The atmosphere is VERY eclectic without being too busy. The service was excellent, and I even left a great compliment on a comment card. I will return for more :-)
4	Very trendy, cool place. I had some coworkers that went just about every week for the $5 martinis on Tuesdays or the half-off wine on Wednesdays so I finally decided to try it for myself. The bf and I went on a Friday night, a little after 8 - the place was PACKED. We were told it would be a hour and a half/forty five minute wait but the seating around the bar and sushi bar was first come first serve, so we hovered around that area like hyenas on the prowl and less than 10 minutes later 2 stools opened up. I ordered the crab and lobster spring rolls, they were pretty good. I like that they have a build-your-own sushi roll feature on the menu, I've never seen that anywhere else before. Not actually "build you own" as in you make it, but you choose whatever you want. My bf ordered a burger and fries and a milkshake. Overall, the food was about an 8, and I would come back here just because it's a unique, different experience, but it's not anything I just gotta have.
4	Great place. Must go at least once! Great food, great service, great atmosphere. Reasons I gave it 4 stars: first reason is that well there is always better somewhere haha.... Also, when we were in there tonight, there was group of 12 people that decided to scream and talk over each other. Extremely rude. However that I'm sure is not usual for this place. It was a great time. Would have been better if those 12 knew how to act in public.
4	Yet another great Charlotte restaurant I'm not sure why I've yet to review. As a sushi aficionado the Cowfish is an obvious choice. They've taken it upon themselves to lead the fusion charge in a seriously unexpected direction by mixing the delicious creatures of the land and sea in one meal for us to delight in. Well, at the time of this review I suppose it's safe to say most fusion sushi joints have pretty much joined the "let's add beef to our sushi" bandwagon. But as far as I'm concerned, not only was The Cowfish first, but it still stands in my mind as the best.First off, there's getting in here. You've essentially gotta reserve a table. Don't walk up thinking "I've heard of this pace and have to check it out, I'll go in!" You will be hard pressed to find a table or even a spot at the bar on most nights. They book up quick and keep a waiting line out the door in most cases. It's all for good reason. There is an experience point to the place as well you know. Interior layout and decor is great. Comical actually, especially if you read a little Japanese and are familiar with the culture. The posters specifically are entertaining. Also, don't forget to take a trip to the restroom while you're here. You can relieve yourself to the sounds of random phrases spoken in English then in Chinese. It's...seriously random. They aren't even useful phrases. You'd pee yourself laughing if you weren't already peeing.Service has been stellar in my experience so far. I've accompanied plenty of out-of-towners here and anytime somebody in the party hasn't been here before the waitstaff gives you a rundown of the menu, lots of recommendations and generally what to expect when you read the word "burgushi". This is great considering the menu is margin-to-margin on most pages and never-ending with options. I'm a sushi guy so naturally I gravitate towards the burgushi options. Surf 'n Turf is my personal go to favorite. It's like comfort food at the end of a long week. Angus beef tops a roll filled with salmon, tuna and cream cheese flash fried to the perfect texture. Or try the Lamb-urgushi. The name alone is funny enough to make you do it.They've got a full bar that basically wraps around 3/4 of the restaurant. No small part of that is a sushi bar and half of the bar-top is laden with built in touchable gaming screens with lots to choose from. Outdoor seating abound for the warmer days and enclosed outdoor seating for the cold and wet days. If you're passing through, check it out, but if you live here you owe it to yourself as a Charlottean to come here at least once.
5	The food was great and I would say reasonably priced. The service was exceptional. Our waitress was talkative but not overbearing and knew the menu inside and out. The dishes she suggested were delicious and although I like to try as much of the menu as possible I think I've found a new favorite and go to dish. I would have given this restaurant four stars because they don't seen to take reservations but the food and affable employees make dinning there worth the wait.
2	I really wanted to like this place after countless friends raved about it over & over again. The first time I went with my boyfriend on a date. We had to wait over 2 hours but we were willing to because of all the positive reviews. By the time we finally got seated, we were ravenous and ordered the Parmesan Truffle Fries. They weren't anything special. For dinner I got the Surf and Turf Burgushi. It took forever for it to come out and once it did, it was ice cold. I wasn't really expecting to eat cold, ground beef crumbles. At least my martini was delicious!The second time I went was nearly a year later. Wanting to give the infamous Burgushi another try. This time I got the taste explosion. It was really quite plain and fell apart as soon as you picked it up since it's just crumbles of burger meat. Pretty disappointing. That said, the milkshakes are AMAZING. I had the No Sleep till Brooklyn which was an espresso and coffee infused alcoholic shake. It was the redeeming item of the evening.
4	It's been over a year since I have been here, but I used to eat here all the time, back when I worked in the area. The menu--creative with an extensive well-thought out selectionThe sushi-- very good; clever flavor combinations; one of the better places to get Sushi in South Charlotte (South Charlotte and downtown are really the only areas to get sushi, as far as I'm concerned)Interior-- clean, modern, trendy. The tone is casual/fun but still very fitting for the more upscale Southpark audience and myraid of working professionals in the area.Overall, I think the restaurant's concept works. Would definitely recommend.
5	Everything here is awesome. Atmosphere and vibe is great. Outstanding customer service is a big plus too. Only downside is long waits and inability to make reservations. But worth the white
3	Delicious but way over priced and extremely hipster. I'd been hearing great things and put up with over an hour wait to eat here. I still recommend but I'd try to go at a slightly off time.
4	Sliders were delicious, the sushi very good, the teas yummy, though a bit expensive. The kids meal was healthy and generous. We'll definitely be back.
5	Yes. Rod and Karen from The Black Guy Who Tips Podcast recommended this place on their show and it didn't disappoint. Had the mini burger slider of the week was moist and tasty. Had the Rik Flair roll and it was the best. Very trendy and chic spot in South Park. Def wasn't too expensive. Can eat good and feel comfortable for $40-45 for 2. Drove from Atlanta to come to here. Will be back on another day trip.
3	Cool spot, but service was unattentive to say the least - and it takes a lot to bother me....I'm sure it's not generally like that though. Unfortunately, I don't recommend the bento box either. I like burgers and I love sushi but it didn't occur to me that at a place like this, you really just need to choose one or the other - doing half and half simply leaves you unsatisfied.Overall rating: mehI was excited too. Oh well.
5	I know my wife (Wendy N) has written reviews about this place, but, since she writes from a sushi lovers perspective, I decided to write my own review from the burger side of the house. And, frankly, the burger side of the house is superb. There are several preconfigured selections available with a wide array of toppings and add on items. There is also a build your own burger with an almost dizzying array of choices for buns, meats, cheeses and additional toppings. Personally, I like a half pound burger on their brioche bun with apple smoked bacon, pepper jack cheese and lots of their cowfish sauce. Other choices for meats include turkey, bison and veggie. And what would a good burger be with out fries? Which are always cooked to near perfection. The wait staff is uniformly excellent. Pleasant, knowledgeable and attentive. To date, after several visits to this establishment, I have yet to experience even an unpleasant moment. If you need the perfect blending of burgers and sushi with a full bar thrown in just for good measure, this is the place for you.
5	One of our favorite places in Charlotte. The CBLT burger is my favorite burger in town.   The sweet potato fries are perfect. Be forewarned--- the burgers are BIG. You could almost split one order for two people.Last time, I tried the bento box with sliders. You get a very tiny portion of high-quality ground beef, with lighter Japanese fare. I did not leave engorged, and it was the perfect amount of food.My wife gets the 'build-your-own' sushi, which is very consistently good. I love the ambiance, which is very Not-Southern. My only 'beef' is that it's damn near impossible to get a table at peak dinner time. We come early (before 12n) on workdays to grab a table. Service is usually prompt and speedy if you avoid the weekend dinner crowd.
4	They have some cool fusion combinations of suishi and meat some are a little too ambitious. We had the Taste Explosion and What's shaking Tuna Bacon. Both were tasty but not my favorite choices. The "bun" on the tuna was too much. It would be better as a lettuce wrap or something thinner that doesn't mask the taste of the delicious tuna inside. I ended up eating the tuna without the bun.
5	Bento box. What a cool idea. The wonderful variety of food is perfect for someone like me who has a hard time picking what to eat. Burger, sushi, sweet potato fries...brilliant.
5	So unique!We decided to try The Cowfish after a day of shopping at Southpark.  It was a week night and wasn't too crowded - we sat on the heated patio.Blood sugar levels were low and our eyes were bigger than our stomachs (that's always my excuse) so we ordered a couple rolls and apps.The sweet & spicy cucumbers, the crab Rangoon dip (o.m.g). I was hooked.We ended up getting a few items to go as well since we were headed back to Cola and wanted to enjoy more cowfish the following day.Tab was well over $100 which was expected  - tip was over 30% because our server did an excellent job of accommodating us.Anyway, a few days pass and we notice the debited amount was $100 more than we'd signed for... A call to the manager was immediately made, he took our info, asked when we dined in and said he'd look into it and get back to us ASAP.One of the owners called us shortly thereafter, he was super apologetic, he reversed and updated the charge (which was all we really wanted) and offered us a free app and 2 free entrees the next time we came in.  He emailed us personally confirming his offer.We were eager to return not only because of the free food but because of the EXCELLENT customer service.The owners and management actually care.It was that "lagniappe" (and of course food) that makes Cowfish one of my favorites!!!!
4	I love the concept of combining the offerings of sushi and burgers (unique!) and also coming up with creative 'fusion' dishes to blend the two. The menu is extensive and has tons of different categories of options. The sushi is mostly tempura stuff, the focus is not on fresh raw fish. And, after taking my chances on midwest/non-coastal area sushi and living in the bay area for a bit, I've become somewhat of a sushi snob unfortunately. SO decided to go for their bison burger (sans buns, it is gluten free!) They also had tons of other great looking beef burgers, a lamb burger, etc. I love that their meat is antibiotic/hormone free. The bartender who took my takeout order was super friendly and checked with the chef to make sure the meat wasn't seasoned with any gluten, etc. which I really appreciated. I got it with pesto and avocado, and got the cucumber salad on the side. The portion is great, the burger was delightful - perfectly cooked and SO tasty! Would definitely come back here. Note: the hostess (or whoever picked up the phone that night when I called at first) was really unpleasant. I asked about gluten in their bison burger, pesto, etc. and she kept waving me off saying "I don't think so, I'm sure it's fine." That is NOT what a gluten intolerant person who gets very ill from eating gluten wants to hear!! Finally, after sounding annoyed, she said she'd go ask someone, and then promptly hung up on me. Ruuuuude.
3	food was pretty good.  i understand this place is popular because of the vibe it gives.  service was ok.  would go back
4	Cool atmosphere, neat setup, one big square bar. Menu a bit overwhelming, will take multiple trips to fully sample. Creative apps and very well presented. Need to visit more to truly appreciate! Also, don't forget to enjoy a flight of sake, great way to figure out what's your fav.
4	One of the best burgers in charlotte. Just wish they had reservations so I didn't have to wait in line for an hour.
4	All around great food.. the burgers, the sushi, the appetizers are delicious! I definitely recommend the tuna tar tar app and the nachos! Great drinks list and fun bar scene. This place is also really nice in the summer because it has a big back porch.
3	I'm just not a fan. I don't understand the ambiance or the food. To be fair- I have only been here once. I don't feel comfortable giving them 4 stars (and I save my 5 stars for 5 star moments). I felt like it was lackluster. Perhaps I heard too much hype? Perhaps I just don't "get" the burger/sushi concept?
5	I love Cowfish! The sushi is so good and I typically get the bento box which had a little bit of everything. The spicy cucumbers are so good!!! And I also get the sweet potato fries. The thing I like is the mini burger you get to choose! It's like a little same then next time you can get the actual burger! I forgot the name of the spring roll we got, but it was so good!!! Worth the price! It's a trendy restaurant and I recommend everyone to go there!!
5	We stopped here before heading to the mall.  Our waiter recommended the bento box. I tried the bento box with the blackened tuna roll. The roll was good. The burger was excellent, the roasted red peppers and pesto were very flavorful. My wife had the sesame tuna. Great presentation of the food. Service was fast and our food came out very quick as well. We had tried to eat here for dinner the previous evening but it was busy with over 2 hr wait. I would definitely eat here for lunch again.
2	This is just for the crab Rangoon dip and service. What was once one of our favorite appetizers tasted stretched aka watered down. You used to could taste the crab and creaminess. Price has increased which is fine provided you do not skimp on ingredients. Also the service this time was not as attentive  as we have received in the past. We are still fans and will continue to come and enjoy all the other tasty sushi, burgers and appetizers minus this dip. :)
4	Love this place, the bar drinks are a little overly priced but I drink kettle one so don't really expect them to be cheap... Service has always been great although the host staff never too friendly .... Otherwise excellent variety would have to go there many times to check the entire menu which entices is to go back .. Over all enjoyable experience ....
4	When I heard such a place existed I was ecstatic.  The idea of sushi and burgers, probably my two favorite foods, co-existed at this restaurant, was more than I could handle.  So when I traveled to Charlotte we made a point to stop here.The decor is very clean, and bright... maybe bordering on kitschy.  Our server was very friendly and funny.  Unfortunately, after ordering we got passed off to another server who we pretty much never saw.  I understand why the handoff needs to occur sometimes, but never like it.Our food took a while to come out.  One of the rolls were forgotten so it came out after our burgers and was never really eaten.  We both enjoyed our burgers a lot.  Unfortunately it was a few weeks ago and I can't really remember the specifics.  The onion straws were delicious.There is no doubt about it... this is a burger/sushi place.  The concept is amazing, but I think they could focus more on the food and less on the "look at us... we're a crazy burger/sushi place."
5	Who says excellent customer service is dead?? After my previous review of  the not so tasty crab Rangoon dip, co-owner Marcus Hall reached out to us to offer a chance to make things right. Our service by LeAnne was good and attentive. We appreciated managers Ronald Cruces and Mickey checking on us periodically.  The crab Rangoon dip recipe has changed but for the better.  This dip was creamier and chock full of crabmeat something missing from our last visit. Delicious! Very nice to see a business take the time to ensure their patrons are happy which yields  repeat business.  Keep up the good job Cowfish!
5	We ate out on the patio- absolutely incredible atmosphere. Loved our entire experience!
4	Def a really unique concept for a restaurant.  The menu is pretty expansive.  We went for lunch and there was a 45 minute wait!  It's so close to South Park Mall I feel it's probably rare that they are not on a wait on a Saturday or Sunday.  The menu offers such a wide variety of things from sushi, bento box combos, to hamburgers and shakes.  I love a good sushi roll, so I generally don't stray from that side of the menu.  My fiance had the turkey burger.  Amazing.  It was a typical burger with a goat cheese and sun-dried tomato toppings with micro greens that really set it apart.  He chose the sweet and spicy cucumbers as his side and they did not disappoint either.  I went with the Doug's filet roll.  It is topped with a seared rare filet and stuffed with crab, avocado, and cream cheese.  It was just ok.  I was hoping for something a little more wow, but it was a good roll.  (Different than your typical sushi).  They have a lamb roll and a bbq roll that I am dying to try, so I will be returning for sure.  The only con to this place is the crowds.  It is good and large, so the wait tends to move a little quicker, but the waiting area isn't conducive for large crowds (luckily the bar has lots of room).  I love the concept of this place and the menu for its sheer difference to the rest of the restaurants in South Park.  If you're going to go here, don't eat for the day so you can try a bunch of different things!  There is too much to choose from in just one meal!
5	Loved my experience a must do if you're in Charlotte ... never heard of such a clever fusion! My favorite dish was the Blackened Ahi Tuna Nachos... Absolutely AAhmazing! Follow it up with a Bento Box and local beer YUM!
5	Best Burger in Charlotte - Porky's RevengeBe sure to try the Parmesan Truffle Fries
5	OMG...this is my first time ever dinning here, and boy was it a Pleasent surprise!!!!.....hold on....it must be someone's birthday because a Japanese guy and 4 of his co workers just walked pass me hitting a big gong!!!!    Back to my review, this place Is wondrtfull! It's contemporary setting is the icing on the cake.....By the way, for Pete's sake, where else can you order a nice juicy cooked to perfection burger AND nigiri and/or sashimi???? I'm in love!!!! JUST GO ALREADY!!!
5	Everything I have ever had here has been good to excellent. The portions are enormous, so after factoring that in I think their prices are very reasonable. Burgers are very well done with lots of interesting combos. Sweet potato fries are fantastic. I like their sushi but have only ordered it a couple times.  The rolls are gigantic so one is plenty for me. The salads are by far my favorite. I got a Greek salad with fried feta and it was so over the top good it's the only thing I will ever get at lunch going forward. It was perfectly dressed and was of course huge. If I could split it with someone it would be the perfect!  Also really like the Asian chicken salad. So very good.
3	The food is good, the place is trendy, and it has a cool atmosphere. However, it's overpriced. The burgers are good, yes. But you know you're in Southpark when you're paying that much for a burger. It is a better hamburger than you're used to, but it's a hamburger. I have not tried the sushi, so take my rating with that in mind. But, it's a fun, popular place that is always busy and the food is good.
4	Loved the food, but it was very crowded with tables very close together.  The chairs we sat in were not very comfortable either, but I will definitely be back because of the menu and fun atmosphere.
4	We love Cowfish, sushi, asian fusion dishes, burgers and even what they call Burgushi, which is basically meat in rice and other sushi type ingredients and sauces, but very good indeed! We usually go on a weekend when it is very very busy, however each time they tell us it will be an hour to an hour and a half wait and each time it hasn't been more than 45 minutes. I'm certainly not complaining about a shorter wait time, be sure about that, but my fiance and I have a theory that they do that to keep the "buzz" about the place. Like they are sooooo good at what they do, they want you to know it takes that long to get into the place. It's either that, or the hostesses aren't very good with time management! Really, the only negative is that every single time we are there, we always get seated on the patio (in Spring or Fall, we don't mind at all!) and always at the table right by the door with people and waitstaff constantly going in and out, the trash being dragged out from the kitchen to the dumpster etc. While we affectionately call it "our table" now, it isn't in the best spot and we saw plenty of tables open inside on this cold blustery night (the patio IS enclosed and heated in winter). Now...we aren't in the "beautiful people" crowd and thus our 2nd theory about the place. Now onto the real good stuff...their spiked milkshakes are uber yum. My fiance gets one for dessert every time we visit. His favorite is the one spiked with Jim Beam. This most recent trip it was our anniversary and we casually mentioned it or they overhead us talking about it, so at the end of the meal, the waiter said "Happy Anniversary, your appetizer is on the house". How cool was that! And said appetizer was the Lobster & Crab Spring Rolls, ohmigosh, so delicious! On a previous trip we have had the Blakened Ahi Tuna Nachos, which are awesome  as well. We had 2 rolls this time around both recommended by our waiter, Mark's roll and the Foreplay role (has oysters in it) and enjoyed both very much. The menu is very large, take your time to go through it all. Burgers are also delicious and totally worth a try. Staff is friendly and very knowledgeable, great service. If you live in or are visiting Charlotte, The Cowfish should certainly be on your list of must try's!
4	Great food. Love the atmosphere and the service is excellent. They do have loud music, which I'm good with, but if you are wanting to have a quiet dinner this is not the place for you. The food is beautifully presented and the flavor experience is above many sushi restaurants I have been to. My wife actually commented she never really had sushi until now (she's had sushi a lot but never this good).
4	Cowfish is a great atmospheric concept. Significant bar, patio, and menu.This place has transformed from a Charlotte Flavor-of-the-Month to a Southpark standard in just a few years. It remains a destination where everyone smiles because they are so happy to be sitting there, and has ridiculous wait times. Ridiculous. In case you are unfamiliar, we in Charlotte tend to lose our minds over new establishments. We get excited about each of the six "Grand Openings" these places have, and we flock to them salaciously for a few months before we either:a) lose interest b) realize we don't like them, or c) realize we don't like the people we keep seeing there. Often, these establishments crawl off to die upon this occurrence. Due to the nature of such establishments in such locations in this town, I wondered when the luster would fade on Cowfish. It hasn't. People are still waiting an hour and a half to sit down at 5pm on a rainy Tuesday.What is truly great about Cowfish: The menu. It is extensive and very well-designed, replete with fun names and several regional specific ("Pittsburgoo-shi Sandwich," "Georgia Roll") and local-themed ("Southpark Roll," "Foreplay Roll") items. This menu is pages and pages long, containing a variety of burgers, sushi, sandwiches and salads. The focus, as the name says, is on burgers and sushi, and for one page, they are combined as "Burgushi." Regardless of his legal status within the county limits, WWE personality Ric Flair is featured in the Burgushi with "The Nature Boy's WOOOOO-shi...Roll". Among the burgers, "The Arnold Hamandegger" is a mammoth construction with meat and more meat. A half-pound beef burger with cheese, ham, egg, bacon and onions on it. Took me a few days to finish. Came as advertised, was delectable and not good for you.Bento Boxes are a great choice - you get sushi (choose between several rolls), a mini-burger, edamame, sweet potato fries and Thai cucumbers.  If there's an issue I wish to discuss, it's this: Cowfish's specialty rolls are just so heavy. The sushi chef seems intent on overloading these. If it doesn't have a creamy sauce or cream cheese in it, it's fried to a degree or has something fried on it or in it. And five or six of them have jalapenos. Jalapenos?
4	I'm a big fan of Eez in Huntersville, so Cowfish was quickly a favorite when I moved to that area.  The atmosphere is great, they surprise you the amount of seating they have.  I love chilling at the bar while we wait for a table and making fun of the cowfish in the huge fish tank behind the bar.  Check him out, so cool.There is ALWAYS a wait, but they seem to manage it well.  They text you when your table is ready, so you can wonder off a bit to the nearby shops.  If the weather permits, they have great outdoor areas.  I love the creativity in the menu from the spiked shakes to the many burgushi options and the favorite, bento boxes.  The bento boxes come with a burger slider, a few pieces of a sushi roll, a side (sweet potato fries and fried pickles are good), edamame & cucumber salad.  I am a huge fan of the mark's roll, rigs r&r roll, blackened tuna roll & miss moffit's roll.  The burgers are great too, but I forget which ones I've tried in the bento box (I think byron & lamb).  Fried pickles & ahi tuna nachos are a big hit for appetizers.  I really need to try new things, but keep getting what I love.  Enjoy & save room for a spiked shake!
5	A-FREAKIN-MAZING! What a delicious, trendy, and innovative place! I wish there was one of these in ATL and Houston!Seriously the fusion of tastes at this place will make ANY Foodie Yelp!
5	The ambiance was the only thing I didn't love about this place but even that was fine. The food was interesting/unique and the service was exceptional. James our server took our experience to the next level. This place was worth all of the recommendations we got from friends
4	It was my first time tonight and I was impressed! Volcano rolls with Parmesan truffle fries....... Delicious. The menu was slightly overwhelming at first but the server was an excellent help in figuring out what I would like. They also have great drinks and an awesome beer list.We were sitting outside and as it started to get more chilly the managers were on top of it, making sure everyone was comfortable by turning on heaters and shutting off the porch. Great atmosphere and food!
5	What can I say, all the positive reviews are warranted. Only negative would be timing it so you don't have to wait forever to get a table. Weekend dinner time, ugh! Great food though, and have had great service. Enjoy!
5	Sushi and fries...Can't get any better.  Trendy atmosphere and great food!
4	This place is great but the wait is just awful. You pretty much have to eat with the senior citizens at 5.
4	It's pricey, but it is worth it. This is easily the best place to eat in South Park. It gets a little too hipster at times, but the sushi is outlandishly creative and delectable and the burgers are manly, monstrous, and cooked like nobody's business and the beer selection is a cornucopia of mind-shattering awesomeness.Want to try a bison sushi roll created by Ric Flair? Cowfish has got you covered. If you're not interested in that, you may want to check your pulse.Again, be prepared to pay and be surrounded by snooty, hip, white people. The "experience" doesn't do it for me, but the downright artistry of the delicious food more than compensates for the other customers.
5	Even though the wait times during peak hours can be daunting, it is absolutely worth it!  The "Burgushi" is as good as advertised and the bento boxes are always a good fallback.  Local beers on tap, too!
5	This place is outstanding. Whether you are getting sushi or burgers, this place never disappoints. If you are going for lunch or dinner on a Friday or Saturday make sure you get reservations. The wait is long. Order the motherload...it will not disappoint
2	Cold Miso Soup, Horrible Service and this is not REAL Sushi Rice.Come On, it's not that difficult to Provide Quality Food and Service,
5	Food was absolutely amazing as well as the service. I was surprised with a birthday song which made my experience at The cowfish even better. I highly recommend!
5	Great food, drinks, ambiance, and service!  A must!
4	It is hard for a place with a diverse menu to be OK.  Harder to be good.  And really, really, hard to be great. Cowfish has done it.  I have been there twice and both meals were fantastic.  Can't wait to get back to the East coast to hit it again!!!
5	It is seriously amazing. Although we had to wait a godawful amount of time, they truly made up for it in service and delicious food. Minutes after putting in our appetizers they were on the table ready for us to enjoy. We had the coconut onion rings and crab rangoon dip. SO delicious and the onion rings were gigantic! Our server was very nice and funny and attentive. He noticed we liked a particular dipping sauce and brought more without being asked and even packed some in our to go boxes later that night. All the menu items seemed so interesting and delicious it was hard choosing. I had the longhorn burger with fried pickles. You can really customize your burger exactly how you want it: bread, cheese, meat, toppings, sauces. I recommend the wasabi mayo. They also have build your own sushi.We had the berry cheesecake and orange ginger creme brulee. The brulee was to die for. So full of taste and such a big portion!Great fun place! If I'm ever in Charlotte again I will definitely go back!
4	We've been here before and the food was AMAZING and we couldn't wait to get back to Charlotte to go again! We went today, and the food wasn't at it's prime - however the customer service was SUPERB. Both our server (Camille) and the manager were extremely apologetic and accommodating and because of them we will definitely be coming back! Thank you!!!
2	This place was a major disappointment. I am so glad we didn't wait a long time to eat here before we were seated. Boyfriend ordered one of the cheeseburgers - huge and messy. He didn't eat more than 1/4 of it. Fries were great and thin. I ordered two rolls: North Hills and Tasmanian.  The best thing we ate was the North Hills roll - shrimp tempura with cilantro and mango salsa. The Tasmanian roll was huge and hard to eat. I felt like I was eating a huge portion of fish. If the rolls were smaller and cheaper, it would be much better. It was not enjoyable to have each bite be a huge mouthful. I could've ordered just the one roll and been fine. Overall, portions are huge and expensive. $60 w/tip for a burger and two rolls.
4	Never have bad service! Doug and Kenny are always on point at the bar! Matt takes superb care of my wife and I when we have lunch. Burgers are gigantic and sushi is spot  on! We are excited about the locations in Florida because our family is there and we get a piece of home when we visit! Don't change a thing and keep these 3 young men for as long as you can!
5	Love it here!  I like getting the bento box with a variety of the burger/fries and the sushi/edamame.  Perfect for when I can't decide on just one item off the menu!
4	The Cowfish is one of my favorite sushi places in Charlotte. It has a special aspect in that you can bring sushi haters with you, as they have a full burger menu. :)We went for lunch on April 7th, and got there around 11:45. When we walked in we were told there was a 15-30 minute wait, and we could wait at the bar if we liked. We ordered some blood mary's (which were amazing), and parked it for wait for lunch. The Cowfish fills up early and is always busy, so a wait is expected unless you get there exactly at opening.We watched people come and go, and then noticed that people who came in after us were being seated. My lunch mate went to speak with the girl who asked us to wait at the bar, and we found that she hadn't given us a beeper. She assured us we would get the next table, and we were seated within 5 minutes.Always get the fried pickles here - they are great! They come with a semi-hot cream dip, which I think gets its heat from Sriracha; and a ranch dip. The pickles come directly out of the fryer and are always extremely hot. Sip on your drink for a couple while they cool down.I ordered the King's Roll, it is my favorite at Cowfish. Once again it didn't disappoint. Stuffed with tuna, kani, jalapeno, cream cheese, and scallions; it's very lightly fried and then topped with crab salad, masago, hot and cream sauces. The pieces are huge, and I've found somewhat difficult to eat with chopsticks. So yes, I look like a noob eating it with my fork...but I'm happy with my King's Roll! Highly recommended trying the Cowfish. If they tell you there's a wait, you can eat at the bar (first come, first served); if you prefer a table, make sure to get a beeper!  :)
5	I would have givin Cowfish only 4 stars for a couple of minor things that bothered me about coming here....but thankfully the food makes up for any negatives that arose. I've been here twice and both times it was packed like a damn sardine can. New Years night I was able to find a seat at the bar fairly quickly and to my pleasant surprise they've got an interactive  game screen set up where you can play games like checkers, connect four, and some other random atari type things on the table while you wait for your food and drinks. I don't remember the name of the martini that I ordered, but it tasted like cucumber and was very delicious and refreshing. The massive sushi roll, aptly named "Foreplay" and well worth the money and topped with fried oysters (yumm!), was the most amazing I've ever had. I would not order the fried pickles again. They were bland without any type of seasoning, and served entirely way too hot to eat in large bowl with 2 kinds of house dipping sauces.  Its been a few months since I was there but I'm definitely going back again because the food here is just too outstanding to stay away from.
5	great. phenomenal food. in the mood for sushi? in the mood for a life changing burger or milkshake? no problem! they also have healthy alternatives such as a chicken avocado sandwich which by the way is so good.  a must try is the spring rolls they have to offer.. completely different than normal but amazing! 5 stars hands down isn't enough for cowfish.  Check out their location in Raleigh if you are ever there.  really cool atmosphere in and around the restaurant!
4	Best Burgers in town..the appetizers - wow... make sure to order a tuna nacho, those are delicious. Service was a bit slow but I guess they were busy.
3	I've been putting off writing this review because I can't decide if I like Cowfish or not.  After having almost a week to let my thoughts process, I would have to say that although the product is fresh, I wouldn't consider Cowfish a true sushi spot but an Americanized version.  I also think overall Cowfish is lost in its trendiness.The first time we attempted to go was on a Saturday night and showed up to an hour and a half wait.  Cowfish doesn't take reservations so we decided not to wait it out.  We later showed up on a Weds night and there was still an hour wait.  We eventually managed to grab 2 seats at the bar and just made it a night there.The items we ordered were Blackened tuna nachos, Southpark roll, and the King's Roll.  I have to say I really liked the tuna nachos, but they aren't sushi.  The King's Roll was the better of the two rolls.  I asked if they had miso soup, and sadly, they did not.  The wasabi was also the squeeze kind that is never hot enough.The part I didn't like was it felt much more of a bar scene than a restaurant.  When I went to Nikko, I didn't downgrade them for the club atmosphere, because it really didn't interfere with the meal.  Definitely not the case here.  People were everywhere, especially hanging over me while I ate.  Overall, I think the food was fresh, if not what I would think of as sushi, but the scene will make me think twice before returning.
4	The burgers are better than the sushi. Had the pork BBQ roll...it was interesting and tasty but wouldn't get it again. Bison burger is nom worthy. Turkey burger is nice too. Only ever had the sweet potato fries as a side, they don't disappoint. Prettily solid place near the mall, generally a wait for a table but worth it
3	Best thing were the sweet potato fries. Went on birthday. If you get water, they leave you a pitcher of water, so theoretically should be very hard to run out of water. My glass was empty the majority of the time. Burger sushi fusion was fine, nothing crazy. Service was god awful though. Wait wasn't worth it in my opinion.
5	love, love, love this restaurant, but they need to bring back the smoked salmon sandwich.  great customer service as well!
2	Long waits (2+ hours at dinner time weekends)No reservationsGood food, not great.
5	Great service, great food!It's our 'go to' for a dad & daughter date night.
5	So I've read all the hype about Cowfish and for some, unknown reason, I never made an effort to go there. Maybe because I heard horror stories about the ridiculously long lines, maybe because so many places with similar reputations just don't live up to hype.....I don't know. But my best friends were in town and I decided to pick an "off time" to dine (we went at 3pm on a Sunday), if there is ever such a time at this establishment. And thankfully, the wait was less than 10 minutes and we grabbed a seat outside on this lovely day.First thing we noticed was the HUGE and exhaustive menu. My Gawd....there's more choices on the menu than people named Chin in a Chinese telephone book! Not necessarily a bad thing, mind you. But sometimes you got to wonder if having TOO many choices can lead to execution errors? Maybe I've been watching too many Food Network/Kitchen Nightmare programs......Back to the review. We started with their coconut battered onion rings with 2 types of dipping sauces: 1 was your traditional ranch style sauce (with Sriracha or horseradish I believe) and another was a Thai sweet chili sauce. Both were excellent, and the onion was surprisingly VERY good. Not soggy at all, crisp with excellent flavor. Great start.On to the sushi rolls. Got the Mark's Roll which is not on their online menu. It had tuna and cream cheese in it. Tempura battered and flash fried. Need I say more? Was delicious. Not uber flavorful but the texture contrast was excellent. Also tried their Blackened Tuna roll, with lump crab meat, and sliced jalapenos. Almost tasted like a mini crab cake, with heat. Was good. Not the best sushi I've ever had but a solid roll. My buddy Dean got the Ultimate Bento Box, which had a very delicious sushi roll, an excellent blend of Thai Sweet/Heat cucumber salad, a double stacked mini burger, edamame and some sweet potato fries. Very good. His wife Lisa got the Greek Salad, which was HUGE! Tip for Ladies......this is one LARGE salad! It would have feed all of us big guys at the table.....just sayin.....And it WAS yummy with fried battered pepperoncinis! Never had them like that before. My buddy and I both got their burgers, as this after all IS supposedly a burger joint! I got the Black Truffle Cheeseburger (they had me at truffle) and my buddy Steve got Boursin Bacon Burger (they had him with Boursin/Bacon). Both met my burger criteria of SLOPPY (meaning uber juicy), flavorful, and cooked no more than MEDIUM (for flavor). The mushrooms were fresh and black truffle cheese excellent! Oh and they serve them on BRIOCHE! I mean, who doesn't love a buttery brioche! The French are probably cringing that we Americans put a BURGER on them! But WTF, who CARES! It was AWESOME to have those flavors stuck between buttery pieces of soft bread! Good call Cowfish!Finally, like THAT wasn't enough food, my buddy Steve gets a Carmel Chocolate Espresso Milkshake! He really need those extra 1000 or so calories to wash down the 3000 we just consumed! But boy was it delicious!Tip #2: If you're on ANY kind of diet whatsoever, Cowfish is NOT YOUR PLACE! "Danger Will Robinson - the Calories are attacking!" But if you want excellent and flavorful food, then Cowfish IS the place for you! I had to "suspend" my diet for this day.....now I've got to bicycle around the world twice and ingest 5 doses of Lipator to get back on track....Can't wait to go back to try their PRIME TIME FILET & LOBSTER ROLL. That sounds yummy!
4	Buyer beware!  I have eaten at Cowfish/ The counter 3x over the past 2 years.  Each time I have gone, I have had severe stomach cramps and an upset stomach.  I only went after the first time because of friends.  My friends have also confirmed the stomach cramps.  I only post this to be an unbiased review and warn anyone with a sensitive stomach.  Great concept...but I would be cautious.***Pending an update.  Fantastic customer service team that immediately contacted me and working on how to make the situation better.  I'm impressed with their level of concern and willingness to talk to the customer.  Updated to 4 stars for service alone and pending a future visit.***
5	Yummy! Great food and great service! The chicken bacon avocado burger is awesome!
5	By far the most amazing burgers in the Charlotte area.  The meat is like heaven in your mouth and the various styles of burgers will keep your taste buds very happy.
5	Great Sushi, Great Burgers.
5	Who ever invented the sushi burger, props to you! I have never tasted anything more exquisite then a sushi roll! The wait is usually an 45 minutes to an hour or so, but it is entirely worth it. We ordered 6 rolls and didn't leave an inch of ginger on the table. I persuade you to get The Boss and the Prime Time "Burgushi", by far the greatest sushi I have ever had experienced. The service is EXCELLENT. Never were we waiting for refills or a server to clear our tables. The food came out about 10-15 minutes after ordering. Definitely coming back any chance I get! Keep it up Cowfish!
5	Very nice atmosphere, food is ecclectic and delicious. I tried seeweed salad for the first time and LOVED it!!
5	Brought my wife here for lunch today. It was her first time. She had the Spinach and Bacon side salad with the warm bacon dressing. Her response sums it up well: "Mmmmm! GREAT first impression!" If you are in the area you have got to check it out!
4	Service was wonderful and the food was even better!! I am in Charlotte for a conference and scheduled dinner here for myself and a group of colleagues. All had great reviews especially for the sushi. I recommend this establishment to anyone wanting a great environment with class and tastey food. I will return here in the future!
5	I LOVE this place. The spring rolls and BBQ sushi are so good. I crave them all the time. My only wish was that the location was closer to the center of the city and not all the way in South Park (Metropolitan would be a good choice, hint hint). Oh well, still worth the drive!
3	Sushi was really good but a little overpriced (likely because of the location) from what we are used to.  The burgushi (sp?) was not the best, the expectation does not meet what your taste buds experience.  The presentation is awesome though and it's in a great location.  Cool outdoor seating area and a good bar selection.
5	I went here with my husband a couple months ago on a Sunday for lunch. There was no wait so we were excited having tried to come here before but the wait being well over an hour. My husband got a burger and i got a bent box. The sushi was ok but the real star was the mini burger. Next time I come I will just get a burger. They are so flavorful and just delicious. I am a fan.
2	Hostess is way too snotty. Menu is way too big. Servers are way too rushed (they really wanna' turn & burn your table). And food is way too pricey for what you get. Will go back if someone else reeeeeaaally wants to go, but otherwise - will feel belittled and rushed for less money somewhere else.
4	When I lived in the area, this was one of our go-to places! Delicious fusion burgers and sushi. Great side orders too.
5	The food is just AMAZING!! That's all there is to it...you have to check this place out. LONG waits sometimes and VERY busy, especially on the weekends. Always go back to this place when I'm in Charlotte!
3	The wait always terrible! I don't think they take reservations either. The hostess were pretty rude and staring down the girls I was with who felt a little offended. Other than that, the service is pretty good and the food is excellent
2	We've been to this place a few times and usually love it, but after last night I don't know if we'll be back. There was a 45 minute wait, but we were lucky to grab a couple of seats at the bar like usual. The bartenders are usually fairly attentive, but this experience was a complete 180 from that. We were greeted promptly by a bartender who cleared some dirty dishes out of the way and took our drink order. We also ordered some calamari. The drinks were served quickly, and plates and silverware were put in front of us. So far so good. My partner and I got to talking and after about 20 minutes, started to wonder where our calamari was, and why someone hadn't taken our dinner order yet. I began to notice that the bartenders were all running around pretty erratically. It took three tries to wave one down before we finally got the attention of the bartender who took our order. He apologized for the long wait and said he would check on it. Several minutes later, he came back to explain he would have our calamari out ASAP. It would've been nice if he could take our dinner order, but once again he disappeared for several minutes. It probably took about another 10 minutes from the time we first complained until we finally had our calamari. I had to flag down a bartender (again!), to place our dinner order. He was friendly, but seemed kinda distracted. So much so that he hastily slammed a stack of plates and silverware I front of us, not bothering to notice that we already had plates and silverware.Midway through our meal, my partner's wine glass was empty - we had to flag down ANOTHER bartender for an second glass. Once our plates were empty, they didn't have any problem handing me a box and then our check. It says a lot when wait staff could care less about your needs while your eating, but is Johnny-on-the-spot when you're ready to leave.The bartender was nice enough to comp our drinks and appetizer, but that didn't seem sufficient. I've worked in restaurants for many years, and I understand mistakes happen. But repeatedly dropping the ball after making one mistake is inexcusable.
5	Just delightful and the milkshakes take me back to the 50's Hamburgers great
5	This is one of my favorite spots!  The customer service here is amazing!  On Friday & Saturday nights expect at least a 1.5hr wait. The sushi is very fresh and the burgers are so good!  The Bento Box is a great deal, very filling. I usually get the ultimate brento bento box which includes a double mini burger, roll of sushi, sweet potato fries, Thai cucumbers and edemame!  I have never had a dish here that wasn't delicious. Hands down one of my favorite places in Charlotte to eat!
5	Wonderful atmosphere and creative great food in a good area. Eat outside on a summer night.
5	I absolutely love this place! It is such a wonderful place to come and grab great food with friends! The bar tenders and staff are awesome! If they make a mistake they are always quick to fix it! The menu has a wide range to choose from that everyone will enjoy! I recommend this place to everyone!
5	Amazing! Definitely recommend if your in North Carolina!Dining on the road with Peachtree Camera Repair.
5	My husband and I came here on a mid afternoon date for an early dinner on Sunday. I know we are late to the game, but this was our first time coming here after being told by countless friends just how good the food is. Wanting to avoid the crowds we arrived at around 3:30 and were seated after about 5 minutes. We sat down at a combo booth/table and our waiter Chris came over right away. For the 2 of you who might read this who have never been the menu is exhausting. There is just so much to choose from you can get lost. Chris was very patient with my husband while he worked through the pages. I knew I wanted a burger, so I got the CBCLT with just the cheese and bacon, and the grilled veggies as my side. My husband got the spicy yellow tail small roll, and we got the Parmesan truffle fries to share. The Parmesan fries were excellent. The burger was excellent (although I did have to ask for my bacon, but they were great and very fast getting it over). But what surprised me the most was the grilled veggies. They were cut into strips of zucchini, yellow squash, green onions, and yellow peppers. So good!!I think next time we will have to venture into the spiked milkshakes and split a burger but a great experience, we will definitely be back!
5	Great lunch here!  Had the combo that comes with a mini-burger, sushi roll, spicy cucumber salad, edamame and a side (sweet potato fries for me).  It was awesome!
4	Be prepared to wait for a table when dining here!  Great-tasting, unique food!  They mix sushi and steak - literally!  Drink specials are also great.  Loud atmosphere (which is the only reason this place doesn't get 5 stars)
2	The service here is always atrocious.  The food has, over time, become quite mediocre and they regularly botch your order now. It's very noisy, and you will wait for at least an hour, even on weeknights. I ordered vegetarian rolls once and was served a roll with crab. A co diner sent something prepared incorrectly back, and they used the same piece of grilled tuna to remake the plate and brought it back cold. I have had it take so long to get drinks that all the ice had melted and watered it down by the time it got to the table. Best for lunch and if you sit at the bar.
5	Favorite restaurant in Charlotte.  Food & service is always the best.I've had 90% of the rolls on the menu and have never been disappointed once (I didn't like the Birkenstocky roll, but maybe if I was Vegan).  The burgers are surprisingly delicious as well considering I think of Cowfish first as a sushi restaurant.I usually go with the Foreplay roll, I've never seen another sushi restaurant use fried oyster.  The Ahi Tuna Nachos are a must-have appetizer for me.This is a restaurant I feel like you HAVE to take out-of-towners to.
5	The Bento Box is a MUST, a good sampling of their offerings!
5	Wednesday is half price wine bottle night! Any sushi you get is fabulous, bento box is a win and try the truffle fries.
4	There's an interesting variety of sushis, burgers, and burgushi. I thought the burgushi was good but it's not something I would spend money all all the time since the portion is small. The burgers are good though and their fries goes perfectly with it. I like how the place looks also. If you're in the South Park area give it a try
5	Cowfish is one of my favorite restaurants. If you are new or visiting Charlotte, this is the place to go. Their food is absolutely decadent and the staff is top notch as well. If you get seated with Leddon you are in exceptional hands! He is very attentive to the table's needs and has a great memory of his customers. Experience with him is always far beyond 5 stars.
5	My boyfriend and I are avid sushi goers and we found this place on Instagram at first so we decided to look on yelp and try it out. In short, the most AMAZING sushi we'd ever had! It was a busy Thursday but we only had to wait 30 minutes. The waiter was nice and timely. We ordered the R&R roll and the Foreplay roll. We were waiting on our food and we heard a loud gong and figure out that it was someone's birthday. I was rather wishing that they would go easy on the gong since it was a closed space but it didn't bother us too much. The waiter brought out our order. The rolls were tightly made and nicely presented. What caught us both off guard was the initial bite. The rolls tasted amazing. The fish they used tasted very fresh along with all other ingredients. I would definitely recommend everyone I know to try this place. Next time I'd like to try the bento boxes.
3	Not amazing but not bad. I think it's a bit overrated but would definitely come back again.
5	I would never have guessed that the fusion of sushi and burgers might make sense. But the dense, fun menu made a different case for this odd argument, and Cowfish is delightfully logical. Go ahead, dare. Everybody wins.
5	This is a Charlotte treasure. Incredible menu, that can be a little overwhelming, but take your server's suggestions. Everything I've had here is delicious. They make same-day reservations only, so be sure to call ahead. Otherwise, you will be waiting...
5	We visit every time we come to Charlotte NC.   Love the Kings Row and Aui Tuna
4	Sat at the bar due to wait... World cup was on and place was packed.Wait for service at the bar was beyond abysmal.  I mean truly so.  I got a bed sore on the bar stool.That said, he was friendly and helpful when we had his attention and the rolls, though abnormally gigantic, we're delicious.The sake recommend was decent and reasonably priced.I've been before and I'll go again.
4	I was not a big fan of sushi, but after tasting here I started loving sushi. It is little bit costly but the food is good.
3	I think this place is more hype than anything else but it's still a decent place to grab lunch or dinner.I had twice attempted to eat here on weekends during the holiday season (which was a big mistake) and was greeted with the news that there would be at least a 45 minute wait for lunch. On my third attempt, I went in March 2014 on a Friday afternoon around 2:00 and there was still at least a 20 minute wait. I chose to wait since I was a meeting a friend and had already completed my errands in the mall.As you wait, you can watch your name inch up to the top of the list on a large projection screen that's supposed to simulate a fish tank and you also get sent a text.I ordered the neon dion roll and was very happy with the flavors and taste. My friend ordered the bento box that included a slider (of her choice), sushi roll, cucumber salad, and other sides. Personally, I thought the bento box really gives you a bigger 'bang' for your buck and the cucumber salad is delicious!
4	Love it! This is definitely one of my favorite sushi places in Charlotte. Get there early, either for lunch or dinner... or you'll be waiting an hour plus for a table. I haven't had a bad roll here, though the downside to that is that their menu seems to be a little too long. A couple of their burgers were a little greasy, but overall I've had good burgers here. If you are adventurous, make sure you try the burgersushi, they are very inventive & flavorful. They do make the classics if you are not so adventurous, but then again... if you like sushi you probably are willing to try something outside of the ordinary ;-)
4	Great place for a mixed party (sushi lovers and non-sushi lovers). I love both sushi AND burgers so I'm drawn to the Bento Box - you get the burger of the week, fries, sushi roll, edamame, and pickled cucumbers. The only downside is they are ALWAYS busy and usually a long wait involved. But it's worth it!!
5	This place has very good sushi and burgers. My favorite sushi is definitely the Mark's roll. You have to try it if you're there! If you get a burger I highly recommend the sweet potato french fries! My only gripe is that they don't take reservations, but maybe that's for the best. Just make sure to go early and expect a wait. We went on the weekend and had about an hour wait. Probably very little wait on weekdays. Def give this place a try!Oh, I almost forgot. Leave room for a spiked milkshake. :)
5	I finally got to TRY COWFISH!!!!I've been dying to go here once I was in Charlotte and by golly was it the best yelp recommendation ever!! The sushi was spot on! the burgers were huge and the apps! ahh I want to go back again!!The  specialty rolls were huge and great for their prices 9 huge maki pieces that can be for a meal; however, my fat self ate it was an app hehehe. The staff was super nice, you can tell they love what they do and they enjoy working there... and you can def tell they love the food there. I don't blame them!The pricing was not bad at all! for 1 tempura roll, 1 specialty roll, the lobster and crab eggrolls, a bento box, and the jalapeno popper show stopper all for only $72 not bad at all! I would def recommend you people to come here when they are in Charlotte, it fun, its good, and youll enjoy what you order. Can't wait to go back to Charlotte just for this place... or Orlando, because a new one is being built there now.
3	The Sushi was alright. the burgers was much better. but the wait isn't worth it.   Pros- Cool place and good service good burgers. Cons- Pricey, mediocre sushi and potential long wait.
4	Excellent sushi, one of the best in the area. I will always choose sushi over burgers so no comment on how those are. Unique sushi choices if you want to have a creative meal. Brilliant concept. We got the kings roll and the R&R - both excellent. Crab was not the best quality, although you cannot expect more from a non-coastal city. The wait is always atrocious because they do not take reservations. Got a vanilla cake milkshake as a togo dessert and it was decent, still not as good as cookout ;)
5	Love the selection and Bento boxes.  Kids beg to go here.  Go early-- its always packed!
4	We came back to Cowfish a couple of weeks ago after a long hiatus, and enjoyed it even more than our first visit! The sushi is teriffic, the service quick and attentive, and the atmosphere lively and fun. My wife is much more of a sushi fan than I, but this is a restaurant we can both enjoy, with a diverse and eclectic menu, a great selection of drinks, and a spacious, comfortable patio. Sure, the wait can be a little long, but plan ahead, be patient, and you won't be disappointed.
5	Expensive but great good and wonderful service. I believe our servers name was Samantha and she was so helpful and kind. She was able to make some great suggestions for us having never been there before. Definitely, definitely go for the blackened tuna nachos. MELTS IN YOUR MOUTH! I got the bento box deal and was slightly disappointed by the mini burger but that's my fault for not being overly adventurous after having those nachos. Their martini menu is awesome as well. Lively environment and fun place. We didn't mind paying a high price for such an awesome experience.
5	Amazing as always.  Had a martini and the glass was chipped. I didn't care, but brought it to the waiters attention just so he could throw the glass away when I was done.  He ended up bringing me a brand new glass and taking off my app.
4	Went on Father's Day (1st time visitor). The menu is eclectic and my dinner partner ordered a burger and I ordered an infusion meal. Absolutely fantastic. My only "complaint" is that the atmosphere is just a little above a fast food restaurant, a little disappointing given the prices. Also our wait person was a little cranky, seemed like she just wanted to get rid of us for the next customers even though they were not crowded. A good wait staffer would engage in conversation after I announced that we were first time visitors and really enjoyed the meals, a little enthusiasm would have been nice.  Will definitely will go back again, perhaps will sit outside for a better ambiance.
5	Awesome food and service.
5	It is so true that often after eating sushi I am still hungry and would stop for a burger just to give me the full feeling I need.  Well at this restaurant, you can have the best of both worlds as the burgers and the sushi are both top notch and go together flawlessly.  I saw this place fill up in a matter of minutes from when it opened and there were a lot of happy faces.  Just sad I didn't live close to here as I would make it my religion to come here weekly, it is just that good.
3	I took my wife and 14 year old daughter here tonight on their recommendation as they had eaten lunch here before and really liked it.To start there were two hostesses, one seemed friendly but the other was a complete boob, mumbling into her headset and then to us. We had to ask her if she was even speaking to us...0 personality.The wait was about 15 mins so we sat at the bar for a draft and a wine cooler. Service was great at the bar.We were seated outside as per our request. Service was not so good. I know they were busy as it was 7 pm on a Friday night but you shouldn't have to go without water or drinks for 15 minutes.We started with the crab Rangoon appetizer, it was delicious.  My wife had the Bento box and was quite satisfied with it. She said her slider was the best part.My daughter had the spicy crunchy shrimp and also loved it.I had the Bison burger.......never again. Maybe it would have been better had I requested it cooked well instead of med rare. It was gross and quite a mess on the bun. Now don't get me wrong, I can usually eat anything, but the ingredient combination on this burger were not doable. The side of fried pickles were pretty good.....but not great.During this meal we saw every other member of wait staff except ours. Other tables got better service. Even when she cleared our plates all of our glasses were empty.....she didn't notice. We later ordered a grasshopper milkshake......eh....it was ok.That's when we decided to ask for water. I would have ordered another beer too but was never offered one.I can't really say if I'll ever go back but I would like to try the sushi.I'm convinced this place has an absentee owner or they were on vacation because no one would have a hostess like the one we dealt with. We watched her seat a couple with a child two tables away from us and as the woman seated her child this hostess stared at her as if she was soooo annoyed, it became comical to watch her facial expressions.
5	Great sushi!!!! Great staff! & it's in the South Park area so there is lots to do when you leave. Great drinks!
2	It was my first time here and will probably be the last. My bf decided to take me here for July 4th dinner before we hit the fireworks. Our waitress, Ashley, took our order and never came back. We got our food from another girl and she took care of us. Our burgers were plain and it was like they were stingy with the bbq sauce when it was supposed to have bbq sauce on it. Can't even taste it. Our drinks was emptied for a long time, and no one seemed to care. There was a man in a green shirt, maybe he's the manager or whatever he was, but he was walking around talking on his phone. That's just rude. If you're gonna talk on the phone, go somewhere else, don't come walking around everyone talking. He walked by us a couple of times and act as if he didn't see our empty cups. The first waitress came back and had the nerve to ask "Can I wrap this up for you?" Really? Does it look like I'm done?!! She don't even come check on us or refill our drinks and, when she does come check on us, she asked us to leave? How RUDE?!So at the end of our meal, we get a survey to take, and I wrote my honest opinion on it and I'm sure she threw that paper away because I did NOT right good about her.So, thanks a lot, Cowfish, for making this year the worst July 4th dinner.
5	I love this place! the food is amazing and everything is just delicious! the wait is a bit long, but its worth the wait.
3	The lines are very long and the food is ok. Ordered the crab Rangoon appetizer and was not impressed. People rave about the tuna nachos may give them another try and try those out.
2	The food was good but really expensive for what you get.
4	Great food and the most interesting menu I can think of.  Their "Burgushi" options are very cool.  Also, the appetizers are amazing.  They have meat "sushi", raw fish in other presentations (faux burgers, etc.)...you name it.  Plus, a full bar with tons of great drink options.  The only downside is the noise level in this place.  All hard surfaces and usually packed.  It's like having dinner in a football stadium during a game.That being said, the ambiance is great.  The decor is eclectic and original (or, probably ripped off from a NYC restaurant).  It's a restaurant that you'll really enjoy visiting.
5	This place is great!  The lobster and steak sushi is a must try!  Nice combo of american and japanese food with a good atmosphere.
5	Excellent customer service and the food is amazing.  I highly reccommend.
5	I've been here a few times and you just can't go wrong with anything. My server Dallas was exceptional. The sushi was some of the best I've had in Charlotte. I feel that for the quality and the location their prices are reasonable. The huge iPod on top of the bar was so much fun! My bf and I played a ton of games together on it. The one negative I did see was that the chairs at the bar are super tall and made of stiff wood. Those chairs are made for giants so try to get a table instead.
3	Is this place worth a two hour wait??!! IMO no it isn't.  CF is for those who are novices at eating sushi and want to typically get something less adventurous.  If you can get in without a long wait then you are golden.  I can't really comment on any of the meat dishes as I have only had their sushi.
5	Cowfish was a great place to have a Sunday lunch with a friend. If you are looking for fresh fish and sushi with a delicious place to dine, this is the place to go. We enjoyed the outside patio and the service was great. I would recommend this for a different type of dinner or lunch.
4	Cool innovative and fun! Will go back! Great Experience!
5	Cowfish is THE best sushi place in Charlotte! I get their maki and it is nicely sized and always has fresh ingredients. Their onion rings are awesome also!
5	Excellent sushi with generous servings of fish. Their food (everything we've had) is packed with flavor. We had our 8month daughter with us and the waiter was very accommodating. Burgers are very unique and a must try are the burger and sushi boxes. Definitely will return.
3	I have been to Cowfish a couple of times. I love the modern atmosphere, and although there is almost always a wait for the table, I appreciate the fact that the bar offers the full menu. So if it is just you and a couple of people you will most likely get lucky by catching seats at the bar. The Sushi is okay. The flavor is good, however you don't get that taste of freshness that I always love when eating sushi.The burgers are good! I am not a very adventurous person when it comes to my burgers, but I enjoyed reading the descriptions of all the different and odd burgers they offered there. I got the BBQ burger and it was very good. (Better than the sushi in my opinion) The drinks are excellent! I always end up getting the spiked milkshake, it is absolutely delicious for anyone with a sweet tooth.Service is average. However, it should be better for the amount of money that you pay to eat there.I have seen a few families with small children there. In my opinion this is not much of a family atmosphere. However, some people obviously disagree with me. I just find the food and the overall ambiance a little too mature for children.
5	So...we left Carowinds and my friend, to my surprise has never been to South Park Mall...pulled up the GPS and well it's only 20 minutes away.  Away we went, after emptying my checking account at the mall, we were starving. Pulled up the trusty Yelp app, and this place appears.  Well lots of good reviews, let's try it.  Parking was not a problem and the we found the place pretty easily.  We walked in and were greeted, and promptly seated in a booth, that I requested.  Service was pretty good, just a bit off from excellent.  As for the food, the Parmesan Truffle Fires were out of this world, they were the bomb.  A surprise awaits you on the bottom of the bowl, parmesan queso.  Turn the bowl upside down and OMG best thing ever.    The burgers were also very good.  We got the Longhorn burgers, and the jalapeno bacon added a great deal of flavor. The meat was cooked to a prefect medium, and tasted great.  Overall, great place to try.  I will definitely try the sushi next time.
4	Went for lunch and it had a great atmosphere, food and vibe. Go before 12 or it will be very busy quick!
5	Talk about amazing sushi. I live coming here! Everything is fresh and the service is excellent here! Manager here really do care about you !!! 10 10 and plus star
5	Everything about this place is brilliant. Wouldn't be surprised to see them pop up all over the country, it's that fun (and delicious too). Hope one comes to Dallas, Tx, because I won't be back in NC for a while.
2	Not a big fan.  A bit over hyped for me. Food is OK, but nothing special.
5	Is something really "hype" or "hyped up" if it fully lives up to its expectations?  Coming from out of town, I had not heard any "hype" about Cowfish. I was just in the area and as usual, let trusty Yelp guide me to a place that looked good.  I read a few reviews to get an idea of what to order, but it was not until I started to read more, that I realized that this restaurant had a reputation to live up to.We were intrigued that this restaurant specialized in two things our family loved: burgers (my husband & boys) and sushi (me!).  Starving, we made our way over for lunch on a Friday, only to be told it would be a half hour wait.  The wait was only about 20 minutes, which gave me a chance to explore the lengthy menu and look at yelp reviews for food suggestions. We were all ready to go when the very friendly server came for our order. Warning:  I think just reading what we ate for appetizers might give one coronary artery disease!  The two Moms and their teenage daughters (eating their salads) sitting at the next table looked at us in both horror and envy as we chowed. All I could tell them was, " Eating is different with little boys!"  They laughed and said, "We wish we got what you did!"We had:  Coconut Battered Onion Rings ($6), served with a horseradish aioli & Thai sweet dipping sauce. I am not usually an onion ring fan but i did taste these, especially because I love to dip. They were huge, crunchy,& delicious!Crab Rangoon Dip ($11) - great recommendation by yelpers! Unusual, creamy, yummy!Parmesan Truffle Fries ($8) - with Parmesan cheese & bacon. So tasty! Really sinful!  The apps alone left me stuffed!They have more unusual burgers at Cowfish than I have ever seen. Husband & 11 year old shared two: 1) the Hunka Hunka Burnin Love ($16):  Yes, a burger with peanut butter, fried bananas, & bacon. You could almost hear Elvis singing! It was good, but not as great as burger #2) the Arnold Hamandegger ($13):  cheese, ham, fried egg, bacon, grilled onions, cowfish sauce, onion roll. 9 year old and I each had our own Bento Boxes. These are combo meals with a mini burger, sushi roll, thai cucumbers, sweet potato fries, & edamame. It is really the best of both worlds and it was a fantastic choice!    9 year old got the Cowfish Bento Box ($9) which came with a plain mini burger and he chose a Philly Roll, which he loved. I got the Ultimate Bento Box. I really did not care much about the double stack featured mini burger. I thought it was somewhat dry and I just tasted it. I got the ultimate because I wanted to try one of the special rolls.  There are many unique rolls (as well as sashimi, nigiri). You can even create your own roll. I tried "The Boss" and it was original, satisfying, and delicious:  Spicy tuna, kani salad, cucumbers inside, coated in tempura flakes, topped with avocado, tuna, etc. Service was very friendly and efficient.  Our server even pointed out that Joey Fatone was in the house. Woo hoo!  The manager (possibly owner?) stopped by to see how everything was and I begged him to open a place in Fort Lauderdale.   Proof enough we loved this place?
5	SOOO GOOD!! A wonderful atmosphere and fun place to hang out and grab amazing rolls or a few apps. They always stay busy so I do recommend calling ahead!
4	very good food, but the #1 cool thing is the "bento box" for kids that comes with a rice krispie treat (sushi rice) with a swedish fish (sashimi) wrapped by fruit roll up (seaweed) for dessert.
5	Awesome concept, great food, friendly staff. I will return.
4	I love it, just a bit pricy..
4	Cow fish is a unique experience. We had a wait at the bar prior to being seated outside. They do a text msg thing to those waiting and you can track your fish so you know how much longer your wait is. It's fun! We were told by a few colleagues to try the bento box as a first time guest. We did and shared different rolls and truffle / sweet potato fries. Food was very good, rolls and beef alike were well prepared. And it's pretty fun to eat sushi and a burger at the same time!
4	Very good food, a little pricey
5	Went here with some friends and this place was great!!! I had a burger called the Hunka Hunka which consisted of beef, peanut butter, fried bananas, applewood bacon and a brioche bun. I was really surprised. This burger was awesome and had a unique taste that really works. If you are looking to step outside the norm then this burger is it.
4	Solid food, cool vibe and good service. Great spot for after work.
5	I was really skeptical about this place but sat through an hour and a half wait at prime dinner time on a Friday night since my roommate insisted. I'm very glad we waited. The food was delicious (not sure if that was partly because we had to wait for so long). We ordered the 3 mini burgers appetizer and the burger of the week was a blue cheese burger. For entrees we had The Taste Explosion Roll and the Foreplay Roll. Everything we had was delicious and is some of the freshest sushi I've had. My favorite was the Foreplay Roll. Definitely dine late (9:30-10pm) to avoid such a long wait time if possible. It's a very unique experience and worth trying at least once.
5	Visited Cowfish on a Sunday afternoon around 2:30. The service was pretty good, the only issue that I had was that it took a few minutes to get a menu and for the waiter to come over. I settled on The Arnold Hamandegger with Vegetables for my order. A few short minutes later my order arrived and it looked great. I will have to say that this was one of the best burgers that I have ever had. I will definitely be back!!
5	Cowfish burger bar will live up to expectations.  Everything we ordered was fantastic, and throughout the family we sampled just about everything.  Burgers are huge.  Sushi is great, and desserts are divine.  Cannot beat Cowfish.  Great service and a 5/5
4	First review, go easy on me. Cowfish is a unique place where you find a mix of interesting taste combinations. I never thought you could actually mix a burger and sushi, but they do it and its actually pretty tasty. Although its in South Park the atmosphere is not stuffy and business or elegant. You can go in dressed down and still feel good. I recommend trying it at least once.
5	Lamb burger- hands down! !!! Gotta go back soon!
2	I heard a lot of things about Cowfish so my family and I tried it the other weekend since we were already in the Southpark area. We arrived shortly after they opened and were seated within 10 minutes of getting there. Our server was great. He was friendly and attentive. I ordered the nine piece nigiri and my husband had a roll. I can't tell you which roll he had because I don't eat rolls so I wasn't paying attention. We also had our 18 month old with us, so we ordered the Dragon Bites bento box for him. The Dragon Bites bento is really adorable. There are grilled chicken pieces, apples, fries and a cute little "sushi" dessert made from rice krispy treat and a swedish fish wrapped with a thin strip of fruit leather.  This came with a drink, too. I tasted his chicken and it was really good. My nigiri was ok. The sashimi was cut way too big. While some people may love getting huge pieces of sashimi, I don't. It's not nice to look at and even worse it's not great trying to eat it. My husband said his roll was ok - over sauced, but ok. Preparing sushi and sashimi is an art that few people master and accomplish so they can be called an itamae. I know this place isn't anything close to being a real sushi bar, but I was hopeful when I probably shouldn't have been, given the name and the fact that they serve "burgushi" (shiver).
3	My sister ALWAYS requests that we go here when she is in town.  Its always packed, wait is long, and I feel like I am being shoved in and out.  The food is good, better than many places, but there are so many other great restaurants in Charlotte that offer great food too.  One thing that really bothers me is the Guernica painting on the back wall.  It is a spoof of Picasso's famous painting Guernica of the Spanish War.  It has dogs all over it and I find it a little offensive.  This was a serious war, thousands died, Picasso emulated that in his huge painting.  This spoof making fun of the painting isnt cool.  What if we had dogs jumping out of buildings from 9-11 on the wall.  Maybe that would hit closer to home and people would get it.  Maybe they dont understand it.  I'm an art teacher so I do. Anyway...thats my take on it.
2	Food is OK.  Very eclectic mix of food.
4	Sushi will never be the same again... This place is always packed so get here early or come at an "off" time. Great sushi - cool culture/environment. Funky burgers and tantalizing toppings that will almost require a stomach pump. A "Must try" in South Charlotte.
5	Cowfish had a rep to protect, and so far they have done it. I have been at night with a large party and was well taken care of. I recently went for lunch and felt the same attention and care was given to my small table as well. I try to get something different every time I go and this time I sampled the coconut onion rings as an appetizer... OMG. They were huge, perfectly made, and with two tasty sauces to dip them in. I was in love. Our waitress was awesome and didn't hover, but still managed to keep our glasses full. I have no complaints about this place. I always leave full and happy!
5	We just love Cowfish!  One of our most favorite restaurants in Charlotte!  We love the burgers and have tried many of them.  Never disappointed in them.  One of my favorites is the lamb burger.  My family also loves the Bento Box.  You can choose your sushi and your burger for it.  Sweet potato fries, Thai cucumbers, and edamame are delicious in the Bento Box.  The Chinese Chicken Salad is wonderful  too!  Makes me want to go there right now.  Great desserts too!  We love the Fresh Berry Tall Cake, which is lots of pound cake with vanilla ice creams and raspberries on top.  The only problem that we have had is that the wait for a table may be long but it is worth the wait!
5	THE BEST SUSHI IN TOWN!!!!  I love love love this place, and I am a true sushi lover.  From their appetizers to their entrees, all is super fresh and so good.  The tuna avocado-tini to die for, it comes in a martini glass.  The burgushi is amazing...my favorite and the best one in my opinion is the taste explosion roll.  From the fusion rolls, I would recommend the north hills roll....taste so fresh.
5	One of the managers contacted me via email about my review & is passing along my thoughts. It was wonderful to see a restaurant that is very popular concerned about customer satisfaction. Kudos to the manager. They have invited us back in & glad to know we have such a great customer-friendly, welcoming, attentive neighborhood business. Well done Cowfish!
5	The onion rings are as big as your head and everything is wonderful!  If nothing else, go for drinks and the decor.  I love the paintings!
4	Love the steak sushi!
4	If you can get a table- the food is fantastic.  I only give 4 stars because for both lunch and dinner the wait time is so ridiculous that you have to be willing to eat at 4pm to get your hands on the amazing food!  But once you do- it is awesome.
5	Love this place... If you can get in it is well worth the wait.  One of Charlotte's best... And I eat out a lot!
5	I have never had a bad experience! Yes, the wait can be long sometimes and they do not take reservations, but the food is amazing. This is by far my favorite restaurant in Charlotte.
3	I feel like this place is a novelty restaurant. The names of the dishes are fun and cute but once the fun wears out you realize the food is just OK. It ends up being just an OK sushi place and an OK burger place. I wanted to try the best of both worlds so I ordered the bento box which came with a few sides which seemed like they were once frozen. The prices are up there which probably pays for the bar with the media touchscreen built into it. This place is great for a compromise if you're with someone or a group that is split on sushi and burgers however, in all honesty, you're better off finding a Chinese American buffet.
5	Went here with a friend, we ordered 4 items and shared and everything was phenomenal! There is so much on the menu to choose from, can't wait to go back and try more! We ordered Boursin Cheese Burger, Crab Ragoon Dip, Mark's Roll and Apple Pie Wantons!
5	I finally had the opportunity to sit down at a table at this place! Being so busy, I always sit at the bar. Cassie, our server, was fantastic! She walked me through the menu! They made my burger just how I wanted. I recommend the bison on a Texas toast bun! The radio played great songs and the scenery is nice!
5	I LOVED this place. The menu was a little large and confusing, but my server suggested her favorites so that is what I ordered. The food is eclectic and different and SO GOOD. The atmosphere is fun and the artwork is unique. The service was great and I am awaiting my next chance to get down there! A MUST HAVE.
5	OMG, AMAZING!!!!! We couldn't believe how good the food was and how creative the dishes were! We had the crab Rangoon dip, which was basically a deconstructed crab Rangoon. Then we had:The Nature Boy's WOOOOO-shi BuffalOOOOO-shi Roll"The Prime Time" Filet & Lobster RollThe Cowfish Bento BoxThe Turfin Surfer RollSooooo wish there was a place like this near me. Miss it already. If you're in Raleigh or Charlotte, you must try this place!
5	I was skeptical after hearing the name, but WOW great food, drinks, and lovely atmosphere with GREAT music.Walked in around 7pm and it was packed (not surprised). My friends and I stood at the bar until a few seats opened up, the atmosphere was very inviting and not too crammed. Our bartender was quick with our order for drinks and food. Regardless of how many people were there, he took the time to make sure we were enjoying everything and even help set up our first ever Sake bombs... I wish we got his name! Food was unbelievably good. Three of us shared two appetizers and were pretty full! We had the lobster and crab spring rolls, and the ahi tuna nachos. So fresh and flavorful. I wish I lived down here because I would go to this place every weekend if I could, thank you!
4	Came here for lunch after hearing they do gluten free sushi.  I'm very sensitive so it is always a gamble when trying a new restaurant for the first time but the waitress was well trained and knew exactly what I was talking about. They don't have a separate gluten free menu but all the GF items are clearly marked.  They also brought out gluten free soy sauce for me (always a bonus). The only reason I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5 is because of the prices.
5	A dinner guest brought us a selection (dozen) of the little Bundt cakes.  They were absolutely delicious and moist.  Lovely presentation!  I will definitely buy these sometime!
5	Sat at the bar because of the wait but the service was good, the food was awesome and the cocktails were on point. I would definitely return or recommend
4	Update. The food was very good and our waiter/barmen very attentive . Lamburger was tasty and the sushi very good.
5	I absolutely love Cowfish! Besides the wait that you sometimes have to endure, it is such a fun and delicious experience. Even when you do have to wait, they have an adorable system where there are a ton of fishes on a screen and the closer you get to being seated, the bigger your fish gets. My favorite rolls are Mary Had a Little Lamburgushi and the Taste Explosion. Other favorites are the lettuce wraps and definitely the parm truffle fries! Delish!Make sure to try and visit on their half-off martini nights. The cucumber-tini is phenomenal. This is definitely a fun place to take your friends/family visiting Charlotte!
5	This place is incredible!!! Food was delicious! Portions very generous! Service was wonderful! We recommended this place to everyone and keep doing so!
4	Delicious sushi! Lots of variety. Good drinks. Great for lunch and dinner! Full bar. Also they have coupons time to time on GroupOn. Would recommend.
5	God, I love Cowfish. Been here twice since moving to Charlotte and every time, they meet my expectations. Cool, rock-n-roll type atmosphere with a nice patio. The service has always been good, just be wary of what time you come in, there's usually a huge line.Now, the food. I love the idea of my two favorite foods being served in one restaurant and fused together. Burgers & Sushi. Yes!! Why is this the only place doing this?? My most recent trip, I got the 4-s. It's a sushi burger. It has rice buns with sashimi inside and some sprouts. We also got two other rolls, one had coconut shrimp inside and mango on top and the other had fried oysters inside. Both were fantastical. Already dreaming of my next visit.
5	Little loud. Food very delicious. Onion rings were fantastic. Large selection of burgers and sushi. Turkey burger was fantastic. Sweet potato fries and bacon coleslaw for sides. Large portions. Favorite place for one person inn our party.
4	was definitely different but it was  good
5	Amazing food!    I've been there 2x within a week during my visit to Charlotte!  Love this place!   Need one in Los Angeles, CA....Please open one!
5	cucumber salad is the greatest I've ever had!
4	Moo-(don't know what sound a fish makes so I am making a kissy face for sound effects, or water splashing?).I have been going to Cowfish for over 2 years. It is the perfect spot for taking your visitors when they don't know exactly what they want. It's even better for the "weirdos" (no offense) who don't like sushi but could go for a burger. It has the best of both worlds and even options for veggie heads.This time was a tad different because we were given a pet fish to watch "grow" as we waited. The premise was that when the fish got big enough it was then "caught" and our table was ready (a pic of our fish was uploaded, Mackerel Jordan). For those of us that are easily amused, it was very entertaining. As promised, after a 20 minute wait (be prepared to wait AT LEAST an hour if you come on a Friday/Saturday evening) we were sat on the back patio. Despite the fact that it was quite warm outside, we thoroughly enjoyed our meal: Appetizer: crab rangoon dip (it's like a crab wonton undone its warm gooey-ness is absolutely delicious)Burger: Porky's Revenge (Half-pound beef burger, pulled pork, smoked gouda cheese, onion strings, bacon coleslaw, BBQ sauce, lettuce, pickles, brioche bun) OMG da BOMB for pulled pork lovers like me!Bento: The Ultimate Brento Box (A combo meal featuring both burger and sushi, including a double-stack version of the featured mini-burger of the week, sweet potato fries, Thai cucumbers, edamame and the guest's choice of a 4 piece premium Fusion Specialty roll [Firecracker, The Boss or Blackened Tuna Roll]) It is perfect (not the perfect size for everyone as it is a small portion) for that person who wants the best of both worlds!Sushi: Bagel Roll (Smoked salmon, kani, cream cheese roll battered and flash fried, topped with sweet eel sauce) Honestly, cream cheese on ANY roll is amazing, you won't regret it!No I didn't eat ALL of this by myself, I shared a "bite" with everyone! And no I didn't drink THIS time but, last plug I promise, the Cheeky Monkey Martini was great! Seriously, no one regrets Cowfish (well your wallet might hence the four stars, check out prices before you come)!Thank me later, You're welcome!
5	This place is the best of both worlds.  It is the quintessential surf and turf restaurant.  We were fortunate enough to try a number of the "sushi" dishes when they were testing them out at Eez in Huntersville.  My wife and I finally made the trip in to town to try it out first hand and we were amazed.  We tried a couple different things and couldn't find any flaws with anything.The only downside is that you should be prepared to wait or try to hit it at the right time.  We lucked out and got a couple spots at the bar after 10-15 minutes.  The wait for a table was pushing 2 hours.
5	The Piitsburghushi Burger is one of the top 5 best things I have ever put in my mouth. Which is saying something since 3 of the things on my top 5 are body parts on my girlfriend.Speaking of my girlfriend, she order us a order of the truffle fries and I was not disappointed. Also, her sushi was amazing. I forget the names of the rolls. Sorry, I was busy with the Pittsburghushi.
4	Seriously. I love this place!! I only gave 4.5 stars because if you go at a normal time to eat dinner be prepared to wait 2 hours if you have more than 2 people. That being said, I've never had a bad meal here. The sushi, the burgers, the fusion, delicious. The togarashi shrimp is a favorite of mine. If you've ever had bang bang shrimp from bonefish grill it's similar but better. The sauce is light but still spicy and the asian slaw is soooo good. I also usually get the Granny's Southern Pimento Cheese Burger.... something about getting pimento cheese and a fried green tomato on a burger is just sinful. So good. I don't necessarily have a favorite sushi dish because everything I've tried has been really good. I also got a milkshake that was the icing on the cake. I literally had to be rolled out of here the last time I went. It was gluttony at it's finest. Would definitely recommend.
4	Very Cool Place. Nice Vibe and ambience.Sushi and other stuff. Funky ,good food,and usually a joy. My last visit the food was not as up to par as usual. But I will chalk it up to an off day! It is my go to joint of choice!
5	Cowfish has been a staple for us for the past few years. It's great location, atmosphere and unique menu also make it a great place to take out of town guests. The combination of burgers and sushi is something I'd never seen before but it works great. The best part of the menu, other than it being huge, is that basically everything is customizable. You can create your own burger with 50+ options and you can do the same for the sushi. Last note, expect a wait. Whether you go Monday for lunch or Saturday night, you will be waiting. Though the restaurant is fairly large, it's quite popular and almost always packed.
5	Get the blackened tuna nachos!
4	Lovely plates. Good. place to meet friends. Love this Chef.
4	I have been in The Cowfish couple times. I always had challenge to park my car. other than that they have a great option of burgers or sushies.
5	There is not another place better and more consistent .... Codfish is great for anyone that has varying food desires - between sushi and steak.... All is outstanding!Oh, and lots not forget the vast menu... Don't get overwhelmed, you can't go wrong be anything you choose!
5	Great atmosphere, delicious food, and excellent service. The sushi here was very good. I highly recommend trying Cowfish-Charlotte.
5	I (& the 3 other girls) wanted sushi, the men wanted italian or burgers. COWFISH was the compromise. I tried my neices avocado, cream cheese, & lox roll.  I made a custom order with shrimp, crunchy stuff and spicy mayo and salmon on top. mmmm
4	Returned for a business lunch. Great service and delicious food. The crab Rangoon wonton dip appetizer is delicious.
5	CowFish is just amazing all around. Food and atmosphere are simply perfect and the drinks are typically what you would expect $3+. You really can't go wrong with both the sushi and the burgers, so just take your pick. We usually get the bento(has sushi and mini burger) box to get a mix of both and the sides are refreshing as well. Definitely a must go to if your in the Southpark area!
5	I haven't been to Cowfish recently but I just want to say that they continue to do a great job. I visited tonight and had a very good experience. Great service, very nice sushi, somewhat OK wine but overall a very good experience. Cowfish will continue to be my Southpark area go-to restaurant.
4	The crab rangoon dip is when the trip. Try and get there early, they get full and don't take reservations.
4	This place was delicious! I don't eat seafood because of allergies but I have always wanted to taste sushi. This place allowed me to do it because of something called Burgushui. It takes average foods and wraps it into a sushi roll. I made my own and it was awesome with soy paper. Chipotle Bison, Applewood Bacon, Pulled Pork and Scirracha. OMG! You must go! Our waitress wasn't good. She was making us feel rushed! I don't like that especially since we have never been there. Either way I will go back.
5	Food and service is great!  Perfect place to go when you're craving sushi with friends who don't eat it!  The burgers are great too!
4	As soon as we approached the door, the hostess opened the door for us and welcomed us in. I will say that unless you have an appointment you may have to wait a while to get a seat. The decor inside was really cool. I really like the huge fish tank at the bar and the funny pop posters on the wall. They even have an outdoor patio if you want to eat outside. It was a bit pricey but the food was very good. I definitely recommend this place, especially if you like sushi.
5	Love it!
4	Hands down my favorite sushi restaurant in Charlotte. I am only giving 4 stars due to the always insane wait times (but I guess it is expected at this point).The calamari, tuna tini and tuna nachos are great starters! Love the Mark's Roll and Riggs R&R. Bento boxes are perfect for a taste of everything. You definitely need to try the burgushi - it's amazing! Dessert - the chocolate cake or milkshakes are where it's at. Really can't go wrong with anything!
3	Good place, usually pretty crowded. Im not as huge a fan as some people but I would recommend it. I've had both the burger and sushi offerings and enjoyed myself each time.
4	Their menu is overwhelming...in a fantastic sort of way. Having lived in Los Angeles for some years now, I wasn't quite looking forward to trying out a sushi/asian fusion joint in Charlotte. My parents insisted it was good so my husband and I gave it a go. I have to say that the fish tasted fresh and all our cut rolls were very flavorful and densely packed with fish and other misc ingredients. I recommend the tuna martini and any of their special rolls. My husband got the sushi burger which was probably about 3/5 stars - tasty but nothing out of the ordinary as you would expect from the description. The bento boxes are a great way to try different items if you like variety, and the quality is up there. I especially liked the thai cucumber salad - I even ordered two. Give this place a try. It's one of the best asian fusion restaurants in Charlotte so far. The only drawback is the long wait time...at least 30 mins even on a Sunday night at 8pm.
2	Interesting place. Burgers or sushi or both is definitely different. But there is ALWAYS a wait, you can't do a reservation and they are over priced. Can definitely think of better places to go.
5	I've been here several times and I must say, I'm impressed with the consistent quality.  The place is fun and lively but not too crazy in my opinion and the food and service is great.  Even when the place is packed, you get your food fast and aren't left waiting for more napkins, sides, drinks, whatever you want.  I like to sit outside- more space and a nice park-like view.  My favorite is the lamb burger with tzatziki sauce and a slab of fried feta!  Might just be my favorite burger in Charlotte!  The sushi is very good, but I miss LA for that.  The simple edamame is wonderful.  Try the milkshakes- not he best on Earth but I think I've been spoiled- they go great with a warm meal.  I think they really saturated the place in the "cow-fish" theme but I get a kick out of what's playing in the restroom :)  Check it out.
4	We received tremendous service while sitting at the bar during our visit to Cowfish. Besides our bartenders, the rest of the staff was very welcoming and a pleasure to be around. Our bartender recommended The Boss sushi roll, and I found it to be quite good. My party enjoyed the ambience and would love to visit again.
4	I decided to try this place after seeing all the great reviews on yelp and I have to say, you guys were right. Their food is great, their prices reasonable and the environment is really fun. I've been here a few times but I keep ordering their bento box because it's just that good. Their burgers are good and so is there sushi. My husband ordered the Screaming Korean Chicken sandwich and that thing was the size of his face. It was also really tasty.I highly recommend the Spicy Togarashi Shrimp for an appetizer because it's amazing. They're lightly battered and have the right amounts of sauce on them, all served over a delicious bed of greens and ginger dressing.Give this place a try if you're looking for burgers and/or sushi but get there early because they fill up fast.
3	Run of the mill higher end sushi joint. They did have some interesting combinations but overall pretty good food.
5	I absolutely ADORE Cowfish!!!! Friendly staff, nice space, and the food is delicious..I normally get a Bento Box.. Who can go wrong with a mini burger, sushi, edamame, sweet potato fries and cucumbers and onions in vinegar?I have never been visited the restaurant without waiting at least 25 minutes.. Don't go if you are famished. Since it's near Southpark Mall, you have time to browse around the mall before your table is ready... No need to wait outside the restaurant. They will text your phone once your table is ready.They have half-priced bottles of wine on Wednesdays.  My friend and I ordered a bottle of Smashberry. It's a red wine that was delicious..
4	Besides the great food and quality, manager and server made a point to make sure the experience was to our satisfaction.  Enjoyed it!
4	After giving it another chance, my wife and I went back. Instead of waiting 2 hours for a table, we selectively chose to wait for a bar seat. After 20 minutes we got one and this time the food was great, not just good.
3	If I want over priced sushi... I will come here! There is always an hour or more wait...I mean I get the hype of sushi and burgers all in one place but it is seriously not worth the extra money for subpar taste. I think the reason this place is sooo popular is because it's the location, right outside South Park mall However, they have rockin desserts and it will be the only time I come if Cheesecake Factory doesn't get me on the way over.
4	I was in Charlotte for business and wanted sushi for dinner.  Cowfish kept coming up in the recommendations but I'm not into fusion restaurants. But after several searches -- all recommending Cowfish, I read a review.  The first sentence said "people will be skeptical..."  ha!It was great! We sat at the bar (which serves the full menu).  We ordered saki samplers, tuna nachos and a sashimi platter, all delicious.  We ordered a specialty roll and the sliders to share.  It was the perfect amount of food, the prices were reasonable and everything tasted great.  I highly recommend for a fun night out.
5	I think you can see from the number of times I've checked into this place that I love it hear. It's not just the food, it's the staff too. They're sweet as pie. :) The food is great too and the location is awesome. I know the wait can be long, but you can get a text and go to the mall. That's what we do. Now for food if you are a sushi love the rolls are huge. So thick you almost can't get them in you mouth and rolled tight! They also amazing nigiri plates, and burgers for non sushi eaters an then there's the filet mignon sushi roll. Yup and yes you can have that stuffed with lobster. So yeah, I come for the food stay for the friendly and fast service. It's a big ol bonus!:) time
5	I was looking forward to my first trip to Cowfish and it did not disappoint. It is very popular so expect it to be loud and there will most likely be a wait. We were seated on the heated patio which was quieter than the dinning room so we were happy to sit there. The server was really nice. We started with the tuna nachos. They were delicious. Instead of chips they served them on top of fried wontons. The cab Rangoon base was tasty. The tuna was fresh and served rare. I tried their regular bento box since it was my first time eating here. The burger was a nice medium rare and really tasty. I had the Philly roll was delicious. The salmon was fresh and the rice was well seasoned. They are very generous with the sides in the bento box. I changed my fries to seaweed salad. It was only a 50 cent upgrade for a huge portion of salad. The seaweed salad was not overwhelmed by sesame oil. The Thai cucumber salad was sweet, spicy, and very delicious. The edamame were good and plentiful. For dessert we tried the chocolate mouse brownie. I was most disappointed with that. It was by no means bad but it was not like it was described. It tasted like chocolate cake with mouse and whipped cream on it. I would order a different dessert next time. overall it was 5 star food and service and I would come back again.
3	Food was ok. The service was good but I overall I was underwhelmed based on other reviews.  I'm not sure we will return for the price.
4	Love the concept of burgers and sushi! You can't go wrong with a burger, yet the sushi may be questionable. Crab ragoon dip is a must try!
4	Okay, let's start with the obvious; The FOOD is Frickin AWESOME. Period. Staff are great as well. So, why did they get 4 and not a 5 you ask? Because, their long waits suck so bad. I know, they are soooo tasty that soooo many people come that they get soooo backed-up that I give them a 4 and that is NOT FAIR! You are correct, my 'lil friend, life is not fair! Long waits suck, especially at places that serve GREAT FOOD! Did I mention that the food is Frickin AWESOME??? But, be prepared to wait...a...long...time...to...be...seated.
5	I can't believe I've never written a review here, this is one of my most favorite restaurants. It's dangerous how close I live to it, I have to pretend it's not there. Yesterday was the first time I'd tried anything other than the sushi or burgushi and was, of course happy with my meal. I think I could eat sushi everyday so for me to order a burger instead was a tough decision. I had the lamb burger, it was awesome! Sushi wise, the Southpark roll ( I think they've renamed it) and the Georgia roll are my favorites....I've never had a bad roll there and have tried many. This is my go to spot when friends come in and aren't as lucky to have one close to them. Pros: Fresh sushiCreative menuGreat tasting food...sushi/burgers/burgushi Great drink selections Trendy atmosphereHeated patio Food portionEtc...Cons: (nothing major) Sushi prices are a little high...but fresh and very tasteful. The wait there is still long, which from a business prospective isn't a bad thing....it's crazy to me that as long as the place has been open there's still a hour wait at 7 on a Tuesday night. They should have more call ahead/reservation options. Parking
4	Interesting mix of burger/sushi bar. The fusion menu is very interesting where they prepare burger style concoctions in a sushi presentation (think hamburger roll). The kids meals are artfully presented in a fashion that's true entertainment! I had never seen a PBJ roll! Sushi was good and they paid close attention to my allergy needs. Overall, a pleasant dining experience for lunch with my family while on vacation in the Charlotte, NC area.
4	I love how unique the menu is. I'm usually not one to stray from traditional burgers, but the combos here are enough to entice me outside of my comfort zone. The pimento cheese burger, lamb burger, and bison burger are all tasty detours from the norm. It can be a bit noisy and crowded (at least the times I've been there), so take that into consideration if a quiet ambiance better suits your mood.
4	Wait is usually insane and the inside can be pretty noisy, but other than that, no complaints! The build your own sushi option (what i usually go for) is perfect with plenty of options. And the fries are amazing! I can't wait to go back!
4	The menu is fun with creative and beautiful rolls. They were great about substitutes for my crab allergy. A little pricey, and I'd avoid them on Friday/Saturday night when there is a ~1.5 hour wait.
5	OMGOSH, one of my favorite places in the QC! Love their food from the bento boxes, sushi, burgushi (taste explosion roll will sweep you off of your feet and make you say "I Do!") & the specials are awesome! Lunch or dinner I'm there! Great crowd and great staff. I believe Wednesday is the half price wine bottle special and it's well worth it! Til we meet again Cowfish :)
4	This place is brilliant...great sushi, delicious burgers and a wide variety of alcohol.  This place definitely gets busy but definitely worth the wait.  The staff is always very pleasant and they really care about your visit and food.  I appreciate the fact that manager always makes an effort to say hello and ask how everything is.The "boxes" offer their not so mini-burger of the week, 4-pieces of ur choice of sushi, cucumber salad, edamame, fries, etc.They put a lot effort into their burgers creations although the burger itself could have a little more flavor.  The sushi has always been made to perfection.They have regular seating, sushi seating, and bar seating.
5	Nom Nom Nom.  Love this place! Located near the south park mall - parking isn't too bad because of that.  Been here more times than I can count.  They gave me coupons one of the first times I went and have been back ever since to use them.  They care about what the consumers think, as the manager is always walking around asking how things are. It can get busy quick, so I've had to sit at the bar a few times, because there was no wait. The Avocado Tini is my fav. I must get it every time! The music that plays in the bathroom is interesting, I asked the server about the story behind it - I don't remember off hand, but a interesting one.
5	Although they don't make reservations, the staff went out of their way to help me seat a large group.  Food is fun and a good price for the value.
2	2.5 stars.....Sat in the sushi bar area, at the bar. Cool touch screens built into to counter tops, except they don't work very well at all. Still pretty cool. LOTS of staff about, except they are all cleaning and not really paying attention to customers.It took a WHILE to get an order in, couldn't get my check in a timely manner, didn't get my tea refilled....this actually became pretty amusing, then frustrating. It was after traditional lunch hour. (I arrived about 1:40 pm, and the efforts of the employees present were spent on doing everything except looking after me.)Ordered the lunch special bento box w/burger, which also took a while to receive. HOWEVER, it was really, really good.So, my experience: Kitchen - "good" -- Service - "Lacking" -- Cleanliness - "good" as I witnessed a LOT of cleaning going on around me, and not-so-much attention to getting me in and out at lunch time.I will go back when I have lots of time for lunch, and will revise this review if I experience better service next time.
5	I absolutely love this place. I'm not really sure how anyone couldn't fall in love with Cowfish. They have it all. Sushi, burgers, milkshakes, sake... they even have fried pickles! Yes, a sushi joint has fried pickles and they are damn good. First thing you need to know: there will be a wait on Friday and Saturday nights. A long wait. At least an hour. You may even wait on a week night. Scope out the bar. Grab a spot if you see one. Or, put your name on the list and walk somewhere else to have a cocktail or shop while you wait. They do not take reservations. Specials: Mondays- 1/2 price cocktailsTuesdays- 1/2 price martinisWednesday- 1/2 price bottles of wineThursday- 1/2 price sakeThe food: you can't really go wrong with anything here. There's a TON of options on the menu. You may get overwhelmed looking at it. Take a deep breath and dive in to the deliciousness.  I love to order the fusion specialty bento box. I go with whatever the slider of the day is. The sides are delicious. My favorite is the cucumber salad.Apps: do you like crab rangoon? ORDER THE CRAB RANGOON DIP. It's a deconstructed crab rangoon and it's delicious. It's worth noting again... the fried pickles are damn good. Big Al's Yellowtail, Tuna Nachos, parmesan truffle fires... all fantastic. Your biggest problem here may be narrowing down your order. Super unique and always worth the wait. This is a great spot for girls night or date night. I love to bring out of town guests here.
4	They have decent burgers which you can fully customize to your hearts desire.  It's a little on the pricier side for lunch as you are paying for the location and the fusion style.  The sushi seems to be well received although I did not try this myself.  Overall a good spot to check out for lunch if you are in the area.
4	This is a nice addition to the South Park area. Food was great and the service was good. It's a great place for groups and foodies. You can get a great burger or some delicious sushi all in one. I went in a Friday night. The place was packed and at 530 there was already an hour wait. The place seemed clean and the atmosphere was warm. Probably will return.
5	Okay I had heard good things about this place but their burgers are AMAZING. Literally the best burger I have ever had. My husband got the Squeel and I got a regular with avocado--- oh my god incredible.
2	Before I set foot in The Cowfish, I had every reason to have high expectations. I wanted to love everything about it. I should have loved everything about it. However, love is a bit too strong of a word to describe my experience. The place was packed when we arrived, so we took our pager and wandered around outside until a table cleared up. In addition to the pager, they ask for your phone number. They'll bombard you with annoying texts as you wait. Lesson learned.The wait wasn't bad, and we were seated in their covered patio/leper colony area. The walk there was treacherous; the floor inside the place was all oily and slippery. After making it to our seats in one piece, we were promptly greeted by our server, who was very thorough in her explanations and attentive in her service. There's a great selection of beverages, from hand-spun shakes to beer and sake. Two people in my party ordered the hot ginger tea and were impressed. I stuck to beer, and the last in our group ordered a sake sampler. All of the beverages were good.We started off with some edamame. Paying $6 for a frozen steam-in-bag pile of edamame irked me a bit and set the tone for many of the menu items: they're way overpriced for what they are. For entrees, we ordered a variety of things, including a burgushi roll (Doug's roll), a burgushi bento box, a roll/sashimi combo, and a sushi roll. I enjoyed my Doug's roll, which was flavorful and really unique. It was not worth the price. The other menu items were fair at best. The rolls fell apart easily because of poorly cooked rice. In general, it was a really lackluster experience. The Cowfish is great in concept. In reality, it was a place that served a vast menu of creative but mediocre and overpriced sushi. If this is the best sushi place that Charlotte has to offer, I feel bad for this city.
4	This place is awesome, very innovative on their cuisine.  The ahi tuna nachos were absolutely amazing and flavorful.  I had a burger with cucumber, jalapeno and avocado.  Burger was good, different from my usual greasy five guys burger.  It was a clean tasting burger with lots of diff textures, though i think i would pass again cuz i prefer greasy burgers n fries lol.  Service is fantastic, the manager even greeted me and my wife when we were done and gave us a coupon for our nxt visit because it was oir first time there!
5	I came here with my parents and was pleasantly surprised by the variety of options on the menu.  The sushi was great - while a bit pricey - and there's even a "make your own sushi roll" option.  I ordered the lobster and crab spring rolls, which were fantastic and came with a scallion pesto. Super amazing but super big portion size.  I also ordered the Blackened Tuna roll and a yellowtail scallion roll - both delish, but the Blackened Tuna roll was divine.  I would definitely come back the next time I'm in town!
5	The food was great; service was excellent! I ordered the Mad Mango-Cado Roll-- it was very fresh and perfectly sweet with the spicy mayo on the side. Highly recommend it!!! Sat in the heated patio area which was very cozy and comfortable. I was celebrating a birthday, so the staff surrounded my table and came out with a huge gong and mallet instrument and a thick slice of vanilla cake with a brownie underneath, layered in whipped, vanilla mousse that truly made the experience special.
5	I can definitely see why this place has such a great rating!We visited the Cowfish on a Sunday night. It was well worth the 45 minute wait for a table! Our server was awesome! He went over the entire menu (which is HUGE) to make sure we didn't get lost of confused by anything. He brought us our drinks (which were mixed very well) promptly. The food was so delicious and served to us in a very timely manner (Even though the restaurant was very busy). Overall, awesome experience and we hope to go back when we are in the Charlotte area again!
5	I live @TheResidence so happily found The Cowfish after relocating from Miami Beach in January. The menu, ambiance, and staff rock! I know the wait is long but there is always take-out. The truffle fries are a game changer. Good luck in Orlando -- SouthBeach needs you.
5	Great concept, great service, great food!
