5	Juan and Kelley worked so hard to clean my place that I just moved into. The previous tenant had several pets that left behind a huge fur ball of a mess, but my place is now much cleaner, thanks to Juan and Kelley.They are also really friendly and personable, sincere and just very pleasant to work with. Highly recommended!
5	These guys rock! They got back to me about booking an appointment in a timely manner, had availability that worked for my busy schedule and left my house the cleanest it's ever been! In response I am now a loyal customer getting my home cleaned on a weekly basis. Thanks Kelly & Juan!
5	I was so impressed.  I emailed Kelly to see if they had availability on a Saturday morning to come out and clean my house before our house warming party.  Since we moved in we had not had the house cleaned by a professional crew.  After a few friendly emails back and forth with Kelly she calmed my nerves.  The day of my appointment Kelly herself showed up instead of one of her workers!  Not only is she a delightful person but incredibly detail oriented.  Our toothbrush holders, top of the refrigerator and dog dishes were all extra things that I noticed which definitely put their service in the "above and beyond" category.  We are planning to schedule re-occurring appointments so our house can smell gorgeous and look amazing every 6 weeks or more!
5	There are few things in life I hate, but house cleaning is high on that short list.Which is why Kelly & Juan are two of my favorite people. Not only are they cool as all get out and so fun to talk to, they take over my least favorite chore and do a smashing job each time! I've been using them since August of 2011, and they never let me down. We've really developed a friendship relationship. We have a monthly re-occurring appointment and it's always something I look forward to. They are trustworthy and are so incredibly reasonably priced that hiring them to help out around the house is a complete no-brainer.
5	I must say that housecleaning is something that I used to go through every weekend chore my kids.....but with the help of Juan & Kelly.....we get to enjoy an amazingly well cleaned home and enjoy our weekend.Everyone that has any doubt of using a home cleaner this is the day that you need to get off your duff and call these guys!!  I travel and am a single father so my time is extremely important.  Juan & Kelly do a better job than I could ever imagine and my home is always crystal clean.Once again.....pick up the phone!!  Call them and you will never be happier!!
5	We are having family and guests in from out of town, and don't have time to do a deep house cleaning, so I reached out to a few cleaning services on Yelp. I came across Wave, and decided to give them a shot. I was happy with my first contact, because they quoted me $70 less than the first company I had called, were to do the exact same services, and were not going to charge me extra to clean the windows: cool! Not to mention Kelly was very friendly on the phone and understanding of my requests.I was excited to get home and see how they did. I asked them to hit the bathrooms hard and do a good deep-clean of both: they did. I asked that they really hit the entire house with dusting all that's horizontal, a good floor tile job, and a good kitchen cleaning: they did. I had never had a cleaning service come in before, so I was a little nervous of what type of work they would do. Being a former member of the military and being trained to "field day," I have pretty high standards when it comes to cleaning. Wave's job was right up there with what I consider a good job. With that said, I'd use them again.
5	$115 for a deep cleaning for 2,000 square feet and two bathrooms? Really??? And they were EARLY! :) LOVED IT!
5	They did a beautiful job of cleaning up our apartment which had seen better days.  They were on time, only took them 2 hours, and they vacuumed up all of our cat hair (we have 2 long-haired cats).  Will definitely have them again.  Very friendly, too.
2	So I scheduled an appointment fairly last-minute and Kelly was extremely accommodating. She was able to squeeze me in this morning. I very much appreciated that great service. The cleaners arrived on time and were ready to work. While they worked, I went to run some quick errands which was convenient. When the cleaners told me they were done, I paid them and thanked them. They were very polite people. However, when I went through the apartment after saying goodbye, I noticed that the cleaning wasn't thorough at all, even though I had paid for a "deep clean". The dusting was half-hearted. They missed a window sill (there are only five and they are all very reachable), they didn't dust the fans, and they only dusted a small part of the refrigerator's top. This oversight irked me the most because it means that they didn't forget to do the task, they just didn't care to do it well. I was also told that they would clean the tub and they clearly didn't because I had to go over it myself. Overall, I appreciate the cleaners' manners  and kelly's service but I was hardly impressed with the cleaning. I paid $100 and definitely feel like the cleaning was not worth it. After all, I had to do a finish clean after the cleaners left. I may give Wave House Cleaning another try in the future but I need to get over this experience first.
5	After having the company reach out to me, I decided to give them another try. Again, they were awesome about accommodating my schedule and very helpful in answering any questions I had. This time, Juan Carlos came to clean my apartment and he answered all my questions before getting started.Juan Carlos cleaned the apartment while I took my family out to breakfast. He was in constant communication so that I was aware of when the job would be complete. It was a thorough cleaning and specifically, he did a fantastic job with the shower! I felt like this was a service worth paying for.My impression of the company was salvaged by the owners and their desire to guarantee satisfaction. I'm glad I gave them another shot because I was able to see what they were capable of. Their customer service is a definite strong point and I will consider them the next time my home needs cleaning.
5	These guys did an amazing job!  My rental property was pretty dirty when my tenant moved out.  Wave House Cleaning came out promptly after I made an appointment, on a Sunday even!!  The place looked and smelled almost brand new.  These guys will do everything from a basic clean to a complete cleaning overhaul of your property.  Their prices are more than fair and the people who came out to clean were super nice and did an excellent job!  I would definitely recommend this company.  I was so impressed, I hired them for my other rental property as well!  If you are looking for a reliable, reasonably priced cleaning company, look no further than Wave Carpet Cleaning!
5	I found Wave House Cleaning on Yelp thanks to the great reviews people have written about them, and I can tell you, it is all true!! Kelly has been extemely responsive, they quote a very fair flat fee for cleening, and the teams stays as long as it takes to do a good job. The cleaning is not just dusting and staightening - it is squeaky clean. When I need flexibility (can you come tuesday instead of wednesday) even last minute they accomodate the request. I was so pleased with the first cleaning that I signed up for their very reasonable weekly service and I couldn't be more pleased. Darrell and Gabbie are friendly, hard-working, conscientous employees, and Kelly manages her business with customer service first. I highly recommend contacting Wave if you are looking for reliable, well priced, friendly, good house cleaning! Heather
3	Satisfactory. That's about all I can say in regards to the actual cleaning. Horrible? No. Amazing? No. Satisfactory? Sure.We've never had our home cleaned by a service before. So, after convincing my wife that our scheduled were just getting too hectic and that cleaning the house on the weekend was time we could be spending together as a family, she finally caved in. I called Wave House Cleaning and talked to Juan Carlos. He was very nice and very accommodating, scheduling me for a deep cleaning of our 4 bedroom home. His wife, Kelly, called a few days later indicating they could move the appointment up from 1 PM to 8 AM due to a cancelation - which was awesome because I told Juan Carlos that we would love it to be as early as possible.The two cleaners arrived around 8:15 AM ... a little late, but, understandable because we live in Queen Creek. They went to work, according to my wife, right away. After showing them a specific toilet that had a "ring" around the water-line, one of the cleaners (a husband-wife team) left to go grab a proper pumice stone to remove the build-up - which was awesome! Five hours later, they left. This included cleaning our wood blinds for a very reasonable price. As my wife told them when they left - it was satisfactory.Was everyone nice? Absolutely. Was the cleaning something you'd consider a deep cleaning? Absolutely not. Included in the service was wiping down the cabinets. There was still a layer of dirt on the cabinets that could be seen. Wave House had agreed to spot-check the walls - but, obvious dirt was still on the walls. Baseboards were also to be done, however, scuff marks and 3.5 year old's marks were still visible all over the house. When you pay for a "deep clean," that's exactly what you expect. To my wife and I, this was more of a surface clean. Again, was it horrible? No. Was it something I'd pay for again? No.
5	Used their Basic Cleaning Service. When I initially contacted them over the phone, they were very courteous and gave very good details about the service. The people who came for the cleaning; (Caesar)  and his associate were very nice and professional. They cleaned everything as per they have mentioned in their website. I would highly recommend them.
5	We used the basic cleaning service. Their website clearly details the prices and the services provided, which is very good . The cleaner Cesar and his assistant were very professional and diligent. They did a great job. My house looks really tidy and clean :)
5	I just had Wave House Cleaning Services deep clean my home for the first time...They did a wonderful job!! They were friendly and made me feel comfortable having them in my home.  They were extremely receptive to my input and truly wanted to do a great job for me.  I am so grateful to have found them and will be using them regularly.
5	I have had three or four other house cleaning companies service my house before but am proud to say I have found a keeper. Ceasar and iris were amazing. They cleaned the house extremely fast and efficiently. My house is now spotless and have to add that the price is unbeatable!
3	We are selling our house so I called wave house cleaning for a deep clean right before putting it up on the market.  The house was already very tidy and de-cluttered ready for selling so I was hoping they would be able to spend more time on the real "deep cleaning" projects.  All in all the service was just okay.  They were very nice and professional, but the house didn't have a squeaky clean glow afterwards that I was expecting from a deep clean.  One associate spent an awful lot of time cleaning our oven, which is part of the deep clean service, but I'm afraid she wasted too much time on this project and then didn't have time for others.  They were here for about 4 hours and the house was clean, but during the spot check before they left I lifted up a rug and saw tons of dirt underneath.  An associate quickly hurried to clean it up but told me that they don't usually lift rugs to clean hardwood floors underneath.  It wasn't a huge area rug, which I understand that maybe they don't move those, but it was just a small hallway runner, which I would expect to be rolled up and floors underneath cleaned during a "deep clean".  I have had other cleaning service companies do this for just a regular cleaning.  I wasn't totally disappointed but my expectations were not met with the "deep clean" description.  I think it was more of a normal clean.  The prices were affordable though, and no other complaints.
5	Wave House definitely exceeded my expectations on everything. I'm not a fan of paying ridiculous amounts of money to clean and their prices were just right for my 3,500 sq ft. home and was immaculately cleaned. COULDN'T HAVE ASKED FOR MORE! I have vacation rental homes out in Maricopa and will now be having Wave house clean my houses as the week/weekend renters end their stays at my properties. Great deals and great cleaning service mixed with great people. Alot of "greats" I know, sorry, haha. We will be in contact every time I need you for cleaning services. Thanks once again!
2	I called Wave Cleaners based on the reviews on Yelp and also because they are located right near our house.When I called to set up the appointment I was impressed, the gentleman on the phone was very helpful. We set up an appointment for a deep cleaning for the following week. I had family coming in from out of town for our wedding and I didn't want to add deep cleaning to my to-do list the week before the wedding. I asked if we could get the widows washed too. He said they would do that no problem.The day of the appointment the cleaners arrived on time. I talked to them about what I wanted them to focus on and make sure to take care of then I left to run some errands. I had to put the dogs in the back yard, so told them not to worry about the outside of the back windows.I came back 3 hours later as they were packing up to leave. I did a quick sweep through the house and I was pretty speechless. I did not say anything at the time and I should have. The floors looked as if there had been a quick sweep/mop over them, but nothing more than I could have done in 10 minutes. This was one of the areas I asked them to give extra attention. The shelves were dusted, none of the picture frames were. There was a spot on the mirror in the dining room that I had been meaning to wipe, it was still there after they left. The cabinets were wiped down but you could see dust spots that they missed as they haphazardly wiped. The stainless steel was wiped, but had to be redone because it had greasy residue left from the product they used to clean it.None of the windows were done, even though this was one of the main requests I had when I initially contacted them.The cleaning that was done on my house was nothing special. It was what I do myself every few days.After they left I re-mopped all the floors, I re-cleaned the stainless steel, I re-dusted. I washed the windows and wiped the mirrors and pictures down.Had I known I was going to have to add re-cleaning the house to my to-do list 4 days before our wedding I would have saved my money and not hired Wave Cleaners.
1	Was pretty disappointed in the service.  Paid for a deep clean and got a pretty lame effort.  Nothing was moved and just dusted around.  They didn't' even touch the ceiling fans, floors weren't totally mopped, and basically needed to clean everything when they left.  I called and let them know I wasn't impressed and they sent the girl back out to clean again and was once again a pretty lame effort.  While Juan is very nice the actual cleaning is average at best.
5	I dont know if my house has ever been this clean(and I'm good at cleaning)!  These guys were very flexible in working with my schedule, and provided great service at a great price.  Will definitely be calling to have them back out!
5	We used Wave House cleaning like 2 months ago, I found them on yelp and reached out to them. Owner is customer friendly and scheduled the job per our timings and confirmed the service will be excellent and it was excellent. Even though few services were not included in deep cleaning and are charged extra he was able to make some exceptions for me based on other services we dont need. Its great that they were able to work with us. We scheduled them agian this week for deep cleaning service because we liked them last time, waiting for another round of deep cleaning. Would recommend them for sure.
5	Hii needed a good service cleaning in my house , the Team is doing great job and makes my girlfriend happy, this is good for me :-)Eran
5	These guys are great. I've tried for more than a year to find a stable, prompt and reputable cleaning service. I'd failed miserably. Some did mediocre work, others were impossible to get a hold of, some were really overpriced for what you got.Enter Wave House Cleaning. I called and left a voicemail, and had a return call in under an hour. They had an opening two days later, and their work was stellar. The house looked amazing, and with the "deep" clean option they cleaned all of our baseboards, ceiling fans, the inside of our oven, window sills and tracks as well as really in depth work on all the other areas of the house. I'll be having them come in twice a month for their regular cleanings, which are $65 per session (minus potential discounts for regular services). The deeper clean runs around $100, but it's not necessary every time, likely just once every couple months. They're highly recommended from me, for whatever that's worth, I'm just relieved that I've finally found a great service!
5	I am a nanny and my boss uses this company bi-weekly to clean her home.  The staff that comes to her home is always very friendly and gets the house clean efficiently in a reasonable amount of time. As a Christmas gift, my boss got me a gift certificate to have my own home cleaned. When calling to make an appointment, I received a voice mail, however the owner called me back within 24 hours. He was very friendly and accommodating to my scheduling preferences. Today was the day, 2 staff members arrived to my home, on time, and did a deep clean in my home. Immediately I could feel the stress lifting off of me as they worked in a very professional manner as I tended to my toddler.  Every staff member I have been in contact with has spoken clear English and was able to fully understand my needs. I am very happy with the staff and services from Wave House and would definitely use and recommend them in the future! I have also purchased a gift certificate for my mom to use them and using the gift certificate option on yelp is quick and easy!
4	After dealing with another cleaning service that I yelped about I found this one with good reviews. I called and was able to get an appointment within a week. I got a very good deep clean for a reasonable price. The cleaners that arrived were friendly and very courteous.
5	My grandson and a friend are students at ASU and live in condo near campus. When I visited at Thanksgiving I realize that I had  get him a cleaning service.  Since I (grandmother) live in Denver I was  interviewing services by phone. I was very impressed with Juan and Kelly in  making you familiar with their services and pricing. I made a great decision. My grandson has raved about what a wonderful job the ladies do. They are friendly and professional and  do a great job.  I couldn't be more pleased.
5	We love these guys, this is the 3rd time we are using these guys. We got ceaser last two times and patty this time, they are equally good. Thanks for great service guys.Also yelp sells a deal of 10 bucks for 5 which is like frosting over the cake deal.
5	I'm so happy with this company!  I had a deep cleaning first and Cesar and Marisol spent four hours scouring my house.  My Mother-in-Law commented a few days later that my house was "sparkly." Now I'm getting weekly cleanings and I'm very happy with that service as well.  They dust really well, which in crazy Arizona is important, and I'm happy with the general attention to detail.  Cesar noticed that I don't have any toxic cleansers in my house, and even though I didn't tell him what I preferred, he used natural cleansers such as vinegar.
5	We love the team at Wave House Cleaning Service! We have never used a cleaning service before and I was very hesitant in doing so. After our schedules continued to fill up we found ourselves cleaning for a good portion of the weekend and not enjoying our time off from work. We gave Wave a go and have been very spoiled ever since. We love having our weekends back!!We have cement floors that are annoying to clean without getting streaks. They do them perfect! We also have a dog that is quite playful while anyone is trying to clean. Somehow they manage it all and there isn't a dog hair around the place after they clean! I wanted to wait to review until they have cleaned our place a couple of times to make sure I was giving an honest review. They do not dissappoint.  love them!
5	I wish I could give Wave House Cleaning a double 5 stars, one set for the company and the other for my cleaner Bruce.  I requested a quote online for a move-out cleaning with optional prices for a couple additional things.  Their reply came very quickly.  They were courteous and fair in pricing, and we worked together to come up with an appointment that was perfect.I do not intend to move again for at least 2 decades, so unless the President is coming for dinner I probably won't have the opportunity to use them again...   If they clean your furnished home half as well as my unfurnished home you will NOT be disappointed!  The young man who cleaned our home was named Bruce.  He arrived about 3 minutes late and was MORTIFIED that he was late at all.  Seriously.  So this kid got to work and made my home perfect (we have 4 kids and 2 dogs.)  He worked hard, no breaks for many hours.  My husband chatted with him while he was puttering around doing minor repairs and said he was a likeable fellow.  I won't quote prices here, but I will say they were reasonable - about average for what is out there.  No hidden agenda to try to charge you more.  No lumping of charges, we knew what the breakdown was.  Quick replies.  Good appointment availability.  EXCELLENT staff.  Unless something drastic changes, you won't be disappointed.  And look at all these 5 stars out here besides this one.  We can't all be wrong!
5	Wave is great! I have been using them for months and they always send very nice cleaners who are easy to talk to! They will usually perform special requests at no extra charge too! They always go above and beyond what I expect even going as far to clean the dishes is my sink and put them in the dishwasher (did not ask, nor expect this). They have even vacuumed my furniture. They actually like cleaning and have pride in their work. They won't leave until they are happy with the job they have done, even if they have to stay a little extra time. They also do this for a fraction of the cost of some of their competitors.Another big plus is they allow me to pay them using PayPal!I highly recommend them, and will be using them as my go to maid/cleaning service for years to come!
4	An update/edited version of a previous review.  I am pretty picky but it took a little perseverance and the 3rd time was the charm.  the first two cleanings were not up to our standards but after talking it over with Kelly they sent out another team and I'm happy with the results and will be using them on a monthly basis. My recommendation is to check and double check before the team that cleaned your place leaves and if you aren't happy tell them what they missed, if you are still not happy then call and ask for a different team.  Good pricing - I like having a team that is licensed and bonded and being detail oriented is important to us.  They spent 4 1/2 hours doing a deep cleaning for a 3,000 square foot home but they didn't have to clean 3 spare bedrooms so they spent a lot of time on furniture, floors and kitchen/bath.  They even cleaned the window tracks and moved things to dust - we're much happier now.
5	Where to start.. These guys are great! Very detailed, organized and spot on. The owner was very responsive, called me right away, and kept me updated when the crew would arrive. Proactive customer service. I would absolutely do business with them again. And highly recommend them to anyone looking for a awesome cleaning company. And Cesar.. That guy is great! And his crew.
5	Wave is awesome! I was very nervous about having a cleaning service come to my home. But everything was great. They showed up on time, even a little early, and called ahead. Team was nice and helpful. I had the deep cleaning service done and I was amazed. My house didnt look this clean when I moved in. Even My husband was surprised and very happy, thought even his Mother would would approve.Will be be using them again for routine cleanings in the future!
5	As a fellow Yelper, I enjoy a good review as  much as the next person. When my "The Weekly Yelp" I was pleasantly surprised to see that this week was about cleaning...and I was in need. I went to the website, registered for a quote and a few hours later got a quote back. I was able to schedule a last minute appointment, no problem. Bruce did a great job. He was very professional and attentive to my cleaning needs. I think my favorite thing was my furniture. As the pet owner of a shed-y dog I can really appreciate a hairless couch. Not one hair was left! Nevertheless I was pleased with a job well done. With several payment options it's really a no brainer. I've used other cleaning services and became disappointed over time. They've hooked me in for now...we'll see how they withstand the test of time.
2	I found Wave House Cleaning on Yelp and decided to go with them due to their great value and strong star rating. I did notice a trend in that ALL of their less than stellar reviews were in relation to the deep cleaning but I still wanted to give their one-time deep cleaning service a shot as there were a lot of positives as well. They were able to come on the day I requested (that following Saturday) but even had next-day availability too so it's great to know that they can probably come out in a pinch if you need it!25 minutes after they were supposed to arrive I called them to check in and left a voicemail. Juan returned my call in less than 10 minutes and apologized as the woman who was to supposed to come got held up on a previous job. That was fine with me but a phone call still would have been nice. Unfortunately, our cleaner then had an emergency. Kelly called me immediately to let me know and was very apologetic. Of course, no need to apologize as we can't help when things happen. She told me there was another crew that could come out later in the afternoon (again, kudos for their availability) and we rescheduled for then.I wrote a four-star review right after our home cleaner left and I am now wishing I had waited a little longer, so I'm editing it. It's the next day and we are seeing quite a few areas that were missed. She did ask us to walk around after the cleaning but it is hard to notice every little thing immediately. While some things were cleaned better than I would normally do myself (mirrors, carpets), other things (grime on tiles, dust bunnies, toilets) were not dealt with to the level I'd expect from a service labeled "deep cleaning." I'm empathetic in that we were an unexpected addition in her already long day. We're very appreciative that they were still able to come under the circumstances and I realize that our experience is probably not the norm. However, I still would like to have felt more satisfied than I am and do not feel I should have to be cleaning toilet rims and our laundry room floor (completely skipped) less than 24 hours after service.
4	Kelly contacted me in response to my review and they will be coming out another time when I'm ready to have the house deep cleaned again. Not enough businesses take the initiative to reach out to their customers and I appreciate their professionalism, follow-up, and effort to resolve the issue. THANK YOU!
4	Fantastic cleaning service with great prices. Juan & Kelly are always on top of things...returning calls, letting you know if they are running late etc...The best is that when I had a spotty job done they immediately, no questions asked, sent another crew to make sure I was happy. They are usually running a little late however so I recommend scheduling them for 2 hours before the actual time you want but this is typical with service companies bc you never know how long a job will take or traffic etc...but highly recommended! :)
5	I have used Wave House Cleaning Service 2 times now and impressed both times.  They cleaned my Tempe townhouse that had been rented to ASU students.  Hope these students studied more than they cleaned but Wave House took care of the problem and had the place looking like new.  Definitely will be using them again and would not hesitate to recommend their services to friends or family.
5	I just used Juan and his team at Wave House Cleaning for the first time, and I'd definitely hire them again. They are professional, responsive, and the cleaning crew did a great job on our rental house. They contacted me within 24 hours of submitting a request for a quote online, and our house was scheduled to be cleaned days later. Highly recommend.
2	I used Wave when I moved out of my apartment. They did an OK job, though charged extra for some stuff that was listed as being included on their website (I didn't notice this until later). They offered me a "deal" that if I used them again within 45 days I would receive a special rate. The deal was the same price as listed on their website, so not really a deal. Anyhow, I had family visiting and decided to use them again. First off, I was never able to speak to anyone on the phone for either appointments, despite leaving a voicemail. They returned my email within a few days and said the cleaner would arrive  "around 11am."11:25 I get a call from the cleaner saying she is stuck in traffic and about 15 minutes away. 30 minutes passes and she's at my gate, I confirm my cross streets and give her the code and expect to see her in 5-10 minutes tops. I give her a call around 12:15 asking where she is and she doesn't answer her phone. I call the Wave number, and no one answered yet again so I left a voicemail asking where she was.It's now 12:40 and the cleaner calls and says she's at my door. Surprise, she isn't. I asked where she was and Wave gave her my previous address. She said she can be at my new place in 20 minutes but by this point I had things to do so told her I was going to pass. I never heard back from Wave despite the voicemail and emails I sent, not even an apology for wasting my time which is all I would've wanted.This was a disappointing experience considering their decent reviews on here. I suppose I just had bad luck, though I wasn't blown away by their communication skills or lack there of.
5	I tried Wave Cleaning Services based on the fact that they received lots of good reviews. They came and cleaned the rental house for me, and the tenant was very happy. Their price is very reasonable, and the  customer services is professional. Every time I called, I was able to speak to Juan. Emails were also answered in resonable time frame. In general, communication was very good.Since the tenant is happy, I am also pleased with the service. I am thinking of using Wave Cleaning again for my own home in the future.
5	I almost never write Yelp reviews but I felt like I should this time. I usually work on word of mouth when hiring a cleaning person. I've had terrible luck using franchise cleaning services such as the company that rhymes with "Nerry Naids." I find them to be expensive and very inconsistent in terms of quality. Mind you, I'm not a type A neat-freak and I don't mind paying a lot for something if the quality is commensurate with the price, but I've been burned in the past.Since I didn't have any connections this time and the reviews on Yelp have been pretty positive, I decided to try out Wave House Cleaning Service.  I was not disappointed.Although I'm a middle-aged professional adult, I'm a spoiled teenager when it comes to housework. I don't want to clean my room! I had been meaning to hire a cleaning service but, for some reason, never got around to it. My place was a mess. A friend who had been staying with me had just moved out and I had been traveling extensively for work so the standard of cleanliness had deteriorated. There was 40 feet of dust on everything. The oven was gross, my floors hadn't been mopped since the Nixon administration, there was toothpaste on the bathroom mirror.....  You get the picture. While it hadn't yet reached Hoarder Status, I could take it no more.Enter: Jason. He was an affable fellow. He arrived at the appointed time. We exchanged pleasantries and he got right down to business.  I slipped out for a little lunch to let him do his work in peace. When I returned, the house was spotless. I grew up in a house that rivals most hospitals in terms of cleanliness so I know where to look for dirt. I'm reminded of the scene in the movie "Mommie Dearest" where Faye Dunaway chides her housekeeper for lack of attention to detail saying, "Helga, when you polish the floor you have to move the tree." Let me just say, Jason moved the tree. The tops of the picture frames were dusted, the tile floors were spotless, the oven was in showroom condition, the baseboards were scrubbed, the 40 feet of dust was gone. I don't know what magic he used but he restored my home to order. I wanted to have friends over just to show it off. It was model home clean. Hire these guys. They know what they're doing, they're reasonably priced and you won't be disappointed. Ask for Jason. I've already emailed them to schedule another cleaning. Here's to living in a clean space!
5	I have never written a review online and I am doing so for the first time now! The customer service and the quality of the cleaning were exceptional!! Ceasar and Marisol were OUTSTANDING! I have never had a house cleaning done so well and thoroughly. They did a deep cleaning and  I give them 6 stars!
5	I checked these guys out on Yelp and decided to give them a shot.  I have a rental that needed to be cleaned from top to bottom.  I thought they did a very thorough job in comparison to other house cleaners that I have used in the past. They also called back quickly and set the appointment up within days of our conversation.  The home is vacant, so left a key out for them and they cleaned, locked it back up, and placed the key back where they found it! I was using this as a test of sorts, and will be calling them again to set up some house cleaning dates on my own home going forward. I would definitely recommend them.
5	Wave House Cleaning is AWESOME. Not only are the owners kind and friendly, they are willing to do whatever it takes to make sure you are 100% satisfied. My house is spotless. Baseboards, windowsills, dust, soap scum....everything is CLEAN! Love them. Will definitely be using them again soon.
1	I picked this company based on yelp reviews and I also wanted to support a local business. Big mistake.  This was the worse house cleaning ever. The cleaning person barely did a mediocre job. He told me I would receive an invoice the following business day and was asked to pay in cash without any receipt. I never heard from the company with an invoice or a call to inquire how the cleaning went. I will never use this company again.
2	I had Wave come do a deep cleaning for me to get ready for a big get together I was having.  I was very underwhelmed with what I came home to.  The mirrors still had fingerprints and smudges, the ceiling fans/light fixtures weren't dusted, neither were the baseboards.  The couch wasn't vacuumed either.  Also, the woman who came complained about the extras that I had added on with the scheduler, which was totally inappropriate.  I was really looking for a service to come every other week but this one will NOT be it.
4	After I let Juan know how unsatisfied I was with the person who came out he was very apologetic and offered to make it right.  Amber came out to fix what was not done the first time and she did a very good job.  I was impressed with the professionalism from management and his sincere desire to make sure I was happy with the service I received.
5	Wave House Cleaning has "deep cleaned" my house twice.  The first time was the morning I moved into my rental home, and they were willing to come early in the day so everything would be clean when I moved in in the afternoon.  The second time, Amber came to clean the night before I had a party, and she was very thorough, friendly, and professional.  Wave House Cleaning did a wonderful job both times, and I was very happy with the service.  The pricing is competitive and scheduling is fast and convenient.  I really appreciated that the cleaners didn't mind my pets and were able to accommodate the exact dates and times I needed.  Amber is fantastic and I am setting up regular cleaning service with her.
5	I've been a satisfied customer of Wave House Cleaning for nearly a year. I appreciate their flexibility and fair pricing. When I need to change the date of my cleaning, they work with me graciously to accommodate.  They always let me know when they are finished, and ask me to take a look and let them know if anything doesn't meet expectations! If I would prefer they focus on a particular area, I make the request in advance (or when they arrive if I am home) and have not been disappointed.I agree with everyone that Juan and Kelly (owners) are VERY professional and attentive to your needs.
2	Not a local company, they just contract out  to anybody. The lady I got was average. Overall the price is good but if you need really hardcore cleaning you'll need more than 1 person. The cleaning lady said cleaning inside cabinets and the fridge are not included. NOT all inclusive !!
5	We hired Wave House Cleaning Service to clean our rental property. The tenants who moved out did not bother to clean anything and it looked like much of the home hadn't been cleaned in the three years they lived there. In short, it was filthy. We hired Wave House Cleaning and were impressed with the thorough job they did. Juan returned our calls promptly, quoted us a reasonable price for their deep cleaning service, and scheduled the work. I'm a bit of a clean freak and have used other cleaning companies in the past only to end up cleaning again myself after they'd left but not this time! Wave House really delivered and I highly recommend their services!
5	These guys deserve their high rating.  I tried them after dealing with a few cleaning services in the valley, and working for a while with AZ Maid Beautiful (which I don't recommend).  I had in-laws coming into town though and I hadn't as much as dusted or vacuumed in many moons.  I thought I'd give them a go, called and scheduled and was happy to hear that for a deep cleaning, it'd be $135 (we were paying AZ Maid Beautiful considerably more).  The cleaners showed up basically on time, about 15 minutes late, no big deal.  I can no more simply state that they did an incredible job.  Everything I thought would be done got done, plus stuff I didn't expect (like dusting on top of the fridge, cleaning the inside of the ovens).I had to leave before they were done (they cleaned for like 4.5 hours), so I was a little worried that I wouldn't be able to check the house after they finished.  But when I got home I was very pleased with everything.  Baseboards were clean, all the ceiling fans and lamp shades were clean, mirrors and windows were sparkling.  And the windows (inside) were extra, but only $14.  And they wet dusted the blinds for $25.  MUCH better than the $45 I paid AZ Maid Beautiful to wet dust the blinds, and the blinds look a billion times better than when they did it.So my experience was that they provided a very high quality cleaning service with for a very competitive price resulting in a really great value.  I'd hire them again in a heart beat.Keep up the high standards Wave House Cleaning, I'll keep coming back.
5	Juan has been very professional and responsive to my rental house cleaning needs.  When the house wasn't quite cleaned the first time, he immediately sent 2 more crew back to the house to take care of it.  I would highly recommend Juan for house cleaning.
4	Two ladies showed up and cleaned for about three hours.  There wasn't  much to do but they did what I asked of them.  They were on time and pleasant.  Juan was excellent in his communication with me before and after the job.
5	Wave has a high rating for a reason. After having a quite terrific nye party my house was destroyed I cleaned it twice since but it never was clean enough. We hired wave and two women showed up with all of the supplies and went to town. They were friendly and thorough. We will definitely call wave again.
4	I chose Wave based on the many high reviews they received on Yelp.I hired them to do a deep cleaning plus windows and blinds and inside the fridge. My house had been vacant and under repairs for 2 months so it was dirty. It took a team of 3 people more than 6 hours to clean 2 bedrooms/2 bathrooms (approximately 1500 sq feet).The first member of the team arrived half an hour late, with no apology. That was a little frustrating. The other two team members were about 45 minutes late. The cleaning was sort of bizarre. You can tell there are things they really, really spent a long time on and they look fantastic. My tile floors looked amazing. The shower doors looked incredible. The microwave and fridge were lovely, as were the cabinet doors in the kitchen. But then there are totally basic things that were totally overlooked. I had to go back and dust most of my furniture. The appliances in my kitchen were pretty grimy. My shower head was not cleaned at all, nor was the one of the fixtures in the other bathroom.  The track of my arcadia door wasn't attended to. My kitchen trashcan was left full (it was empty when they started). It's like there was no in-between. Either things looked amazing, or they were totally neglected, which is hard to understand given how much time they were here. She did tell me that she was training two new people so I wonder if the amazing areas were done by the experienced team member and the neglected areas were done by the trainees. Additionally, I've now requested a receipt 3 times and all 3 times, my request has been ignored, which is very frustrating.On the plus side, I left them here in my house alone and they are completely trustworthy.I'm not sure if I would use them again.   I do appreciate their trustworthiness, and where they showed attention to detail, it was amazing. I was just really surprised by how many very basic things were overlooked.
5	What a wonderful experience!!  We had two housecleaners arrive on time the day they were expected.   We were having a houseful of house quests for 2 weeks and wanted everything cleaned.   We had the full works done along with having the patio cleaned.   The women were efficient, polite and met our expectations.   What a delight it was to come home to a perfectly cleaned house from top to bottom.  I feel that their price is the best for the services you receive.   Thank you, Wave House Cleaning for a job well done and I look forward to using you again:)
1	I was so unhappy about the service I received from Wave that I had to wait awhile before leaving this review.  Otherwise, I felt I might react in an overly-critical way.  To be brief, the two women who cleaned my house didn't even fundamentally understand what cleanliness is.  They failed to clean basic parts of my house, such as above doorways and on top of ceiling fan blades.  I even specified the ceiling fans as the most important areas to clean on their first visit.  I could never invite them back because I believe it would be a continuous struggle to get them to clean how I want them to.I am beyond dissatisfied.
5	Had an amazing experience today!  The 2 members of this team cleaned places that I doubted anyone would notice.  Extremely thorough and friendly.  I will definitely have them clean again and refer others.  Thank you for making my home look and smell beautiful!!!
5	I simply cannot recommend Wave House Cleaning and, AMBER, more highly.  Needing a "rush" deep-clean, (and hoping to find a company which would do an acceptable job, at a reasonable price), I read the reviews on Yelp.  As is my norm, I sought to support a 'mom and pop' business rather than an established maid-type organization, and settled on Wave.My house, (approx 2100 sf), required a thorough and deep cleaning, and needed to 'present' a few days later to some very important people.  Although, when making the appointment, I explained all of this to the scheduler, I had no idea if my expectations would be met, especially in the time-frame I'd given.  After ensuring the company was licensed, the cleaners bonded, and the company housed at a physical address, I contracted Wave's services and scheduled a cleaning in two days time.  Of note, upon scheduling the service, I made two specific requests: (1), An all-female crew, and, (2), A minimum of one, (individual), who clearly spoke English. The short story is this...  Amber arrived on time ~ but alone...which did cause me worry.  But ~ having given me her, (professional), word that she would not leave the property until and unless I was satisfied ~ she dug in.  Throughout the day I had to leave the property three times, each time crossing my fingers that all would be well...and safe...and... Undisturbed...After a Very full day - she cleaned for eight straight hours - my home was absolutely immaculate.  I could easily write another few paragraphs about all of the "little" things she did, (scrubbing the keyholes of my doors, wiping down the shampoo bottles in the tub, gently cleaning each, individual kachina-part by hand...), but suffice to say I was speechless; (lol, surely you realize a rarity)!   Amber's work was epic...  was wicked-personal... was Off-The-Chain...No question, any future house cleanings needed within my family will be scheduled with Wave; I simply cannot recommend Wave House Cleaning and, AMBER, more highly.
5	I needed a deep-clean for an empty house to prepare for show & Sale.The 2-lady crew showed up 15 minutes early and got right to work after I walked them through the house.   I do wish they wore face masks because the mini-blinds and curtains were DUSTY but they hung in there like troopers.House was clean, tidy and smelled nice again when they were done.  Totally worth the money!  THANKS
1	Wow, were we disappointed multiple times with one visit. We hired Wave to do a post kitchen renovation deep clean. They were to do shutters, window sills, etc. They did a good job on the regular cleaning, but get an F for the deep clean. They breezed in an out of the house in 2 hours and brushed over the stuff we paid them to do. When we called the office, they offered us a partial refund (still waiting for that) and they were going to have someone come out to re-do what was missed.The person showed up Friday to see what needed to be done and was to come back Saturday. When Saturday morning rolled around we contacted them to let them know we had a contractor in the house just in case it wasn't convenient. The person said it wasn't a good day anyway due to a family emergency. We get that, things happen.We waited until Wednesday for them to rescheduled and when no one did, we called. My wife had to start over again, explaining everything that was missed. She was then told we would incur a $25 cancellation charge for Saturday. REALLY? We did not cancel on them. If you need a cleaning service we don't recommend Wave. They don't keep their promises and they are unreliable.
3	UPDATED REVIEW:While we were disappointed in the service, I must say I am overly impressed with their integrity. Not only did the partial refund show up. They refunded us the full price for the service. Clearly they stand behind their work. That changes my review from a 1 star to a 3 star.
5	Wow! What an amazing service! We used Wave House Cleaning today because we are moving out of state and wanted to leave the place tip top.  Caesar came by himself and spent 5 hours deep cleaning this place.  He was a miracle worker!  He got out stains I have been working on since I moved into this former bachelor pad!  He was very friendly, hard working, and well spoken.  My only regret is not using this company sooner to clean on a regular basis.
2	Not too happy about the house cleaning we received. It was ok but I definitely have had better and could of done a lot better myself. Especially for the money! Pro's - Showed up 1/2 hour early, got to work right away, was very quiet, worked quickly. Vacuumed furniture which was a plus. Con's - Floors still had a bunch of food/dirt/gunk on them after sweeping and mopping, master bathroom mirror appeared to have been cleaned but then she must of sprayed a cleaner again because there were water spots all of the huge mirror, had to clean again. Didn't clean all of the blinds, missed some. Didn't touch the floor boards which I was told were included. The only reason the house smelled clean was because they sprayed something. It didn't smell like they used disinfecting chemicals like when I clean. It was definitely not worth the money! And to top it off, I was a first time customer and they didn't even call me to see if I was satisfied or wanted to schedule regular cleaning, which I wanted to. Obviously I wont be using them and giving my business to someone else. Overall pretty disappointed!
5	I had a wonderful experience using Wave House Cleaning Service.  I loved everything from being able to make the appointment online to their actual service.  I was also very lucky and was able to get a cleaning within 24 hours.  I have a large home (3900sft) and I desperately needed a deeper clean than normal as I had an insane amount of construction/remodeling dust everywhere.  The two person team that was sent out was amazing.  They had a great attitude and were a treat to have in my home.  Their work and attention to detail were greatly appreciated.  I would definitely recommend them, and plan to use them again.
5	The 2 girls just left my house after doing a deep clean with additional inside fridge and cabinets. I could not be happier. House smells fresh and is extremely clean. Probably the cleanest it will ever be. I definitely recommend this company. Great job!!
3	After writing this review I was contacted immediately by the owner Juan. He was very apologetic and offered to have two other cleaners come out to our house and do a new cleaning at no charge. It was either that or he offered me a partial refund. I didn't have the time for them to come back out so I asked for the partial refund. They had to issue and mail me a check which was fine. Juan emailed me several times to make sure I received it and I did. He also offered me a discount on my next cleaning if I was willing to try them again. This is the first time I've hired a cleaning company and I am pretty particular and picky when it comes to cleaning. I wonder if anyone could actually meet my expectations or if I would always be disappointed because it was done exactly the way I wanted it or how I would do it. I think I would try these guys again because of the way Juan handled the complaint and made sure I received my partial refund. I think I just need to lower my expectations a bit maybe.
3	Wave was very apologetic and has issued me a refund even though I never asked for one. Although I was not satisfied with the overall job juan is aimed a superior customer satisfaction, which is extremely difficult to find in business nowadays.
5	I've had Wave Cleaning to my house twice so far, both times it was the same 2 girls Maria and Marie, who are very sweet, polite, and efficient! After they leave, my house looks and smells great; they make the beds, clean every surface imaginable, vacuum, mop, wipe down the appliances, clean the picture frames, pick up anything that's left out, etc etc. They even lock the door behind them. After the first "deep cleaning" my husband said he felt like we were staying at a Hilton, because they even fold the hand towels all fancy ;)I waited to write this review because the first time I scheduled an appointment with Wave Cleaning, no one showed up, I was pissed and was ready to write a 1-star review. But I emailed the Owner Juan, to tell him that no one had shown up, and he called me that evening very apologetic, and said their system had gone down and my appt had not crossed over. He sent the girls to my house the very next day, at 8am for a deep cleaning, free of charge. And every email I write is returned promptly. I will continue to use Wave House Cleaning, I think they are well worth the money.
5	Had to let my previous cleaner go after they attempted to raise their rates on my house by 25%!  Oh well, their loss is my gain.Lucky for me I found Wave House Cleaning Service.  First, Juan the owner is prompt and clear with his communication.  He explained their fee schedule and gave me availability.   I scheduled a deep clean and inside window cleaning to start.They came out for the initial deep clean for my 2,400 sqft (4bed/2.5bath) house in Tempe just a few days later.  At first I was skeptical since they had only sent one person, but she was prompt and spent nearly 6 hours cleaning.   Also, it was nice that she was quiet (as can be expected when cleaning) since I work from home and having too much noise can be distracting. Really the only complaint is that it takes a long time with only one person to clean the house, but that's being rather nit picky seeing as the cost is less than my previous cleaner AND Wave did a much better job.The floors look great, and as we had just had a monsoon and there are 2 large dogs and a grade-schooler tracking in all sorts of dirt, that was a big deal.I'll be scheduling them for bi-weekly cleanings to keep my house looking great!A few other notes that I like:  They are highly rated on Angie's List.  They are family and locally owned.  They background check their employees which gives me an added peace of mind.Would highly recommend.
1	I have to leave one star for the quality of service.  I had a deep cleaning done at my new house and we needed to re-mop the floor multiple times after they left.  The toilet was still dirty, mildew in the grout of the bathroom, water spots all over the mirror, window sills still were dirty even after pointing out to the cleaners multiple times.  I won't be using their service again and would not recommend them.  I would say that they were very patient and understanding when I had multiple contractors and movers coming in that day.  Still after all of this was done, the cleaning was not up to par.
5	I could not be happier with the job that the cleaning crew did from Wave House Cleaning.  We moved to the area last year and I was having a hard time deciding on a new company.  Some companies had great prices, but terrible reviews.  Other had good reviews, but really high prices.  After reading the great reviews on yelp, I decided to try Wave and I am so happy I did.  The two women that came did a fantastic job.  Everything was sparkling clean when they left.  Great service for a very fair price!  I am eagerly anticipating them coming back tomorrow!!
5	I needed a quick response and a fair price from a reputable company when selling my out of town condo......... And that's exactly what I got from WAVE HOUSE CLEANING SERVICE.Thank you for a job well done!!!
5	Wave House Cleaning Service did a deep clean at my home today and overall I am very pleased with the experience as a whole.  Juan was very responsive via email - I had a few questions after he initially responded and each email was answered promptly.  I set up the appointment 2 days before and it was convenient how many times they had available.  They could have come out the very next day if it had worked for me.  Maria and Claudia arrived right on time and were very polite.  I had to leave 2 hours after they arrived and they had just started on the bedrooms and master bath which was all that was left.  Not sure what time they left because I didn't get back until 5 hours later.  The house is 1800 sq. feet but the rooms they completed in the first 2 hours make up 75% of the sq. footage of the house.  One of them was a bar with over 100 bottles.  They dusted each bottle and all of the glassware and cleaned the shelves they were on and kept everything in the exact order it was in before.  I was super impressed - not just with the ladies, but with the service overall.
1	I got my home cleaned from them after reading the reviews on Yelp. What a disappointment. They said for detailed cleaning, they would clean baseboards, but all my baseboards were dirty. For any extra shelf, they said 'Its charged extra'. I got inside the cabinets service and was not at all satisfied with the way they cleaned. The kitchen cabinet doors were still sticky and dirty. I would not go with them ever again.
5	Wave House Cleaning is incredible. My girlfriend and I recently moved across town. Wave not only left the apartment we moved out of looking brand new, they made the (unfortunately dirty) house we moved into more than livable--it was like night and day after they were done.  I wouldn't look anywhere else for a cleaning service.
2	I found wave house cleaning on yelp and saw that it was almost 5 stars so why not try them out..I was quoted $149.99 for 2 bed 3 bath 2900sqft DEEP cleaning... It's not bad but I think it's about 50 bucks overpriced..The good:Jaun and his team are good on responding back fast and even sent two reminders for your upcoming appointment that stated a hour window..Had scheduled 11am they called to let me know 12 which I thought was fine.The two ladies went straight to work and were sweet. The bad:Now to the things that really were odd.They spent a lot of time folding towels and making designs with my napkin and carpet which was different almost like they use to be hotel maids..they did a good job but I almost thought I was going to have chocolates on my bed with a elephant towel sculpture lol I'm basically saying that doesn't need to be focused as much in cleaning in my own opinion.It's stated wet wash baseboards the baseboards were not cleaned off maybe a couple but definitely not.. The blinds were still dusty and the fan blades were still dusty on top :( another thing was the master shower still had mineral on the glass door and the floor still had dirt and corners not fully scrubbed and what really got me annoyed was my kitchen island wasn't wiped off at all! Still had dried food on it which was a dissappointment..  They finished in 3 1/2 hours and made $149.99 plus $30 in tip you would think they would make your place spotless and had extra 30 mins they could've cleaned..Overall I say 2 1/2 in stars maybe 3. P.s why say your a flat rate when u said 149.99 in 2-4hrs work so that means they could pocket that much in just two hours! Wow speedy super cleaners or a very smart business that I need to start!
1	I had pretty much the exact same experience as Angela M. a couple weeks ago. Also, read the 'not recommended' reviews on this business. Most of those are filtered because they just don't have enough reviews to make it past the filter. They are very eye opening.Like so many others, I hired them base off their overall Yelp rating. Big mistake. I should have read through the reviews because it seems like what happened to me happens often. So buyer beware.They quoted me $160 for a DEEP clean, which I thought was on the expensive side, but I figured they would be getting the stuff I don't clean on a regular basis and I have a 4 bedroom home.So the good...Scheduling an appointment is very easy and they are able to come out quick. Juan, the owner, is very responsive.It all pretty much went down from there.The day of the appointment I emailed the office with some specific requests. Like to make sure to clean baseboards, kitchen sink, wet wipe behind sink, dust fans and air vents, dust blinds. Most of my requests were already included in the deep clean, but I just wanted to make sure they were addressed. I also left a note of the same requests and my house key (as I would be at work when they arrived). So I assumed a team would coming, given the size of my home and the level of cleaning that was to be done. While I was at work, I received a phone call that Blanca had to pick up a lot of things so I was going to be charged a $25 "organization fee"? I was like, there is only one person there? And a fee for picking up and you're a house cleaning service? Unreal.So I emailed the office manager to object to the fee because it was not disclosed to me prior to the appointment. Once I returned home, the house was tidy, but it was not deep cleaned in any way. No dusting was done at all. Baseboards were not touched. I asked for my washer to be cleaned (just the top) and that was not touched as well.So I contact Juan right away and sent him pictures of everything that was not cleaned that was supposed to be. He apologized and offered to send Blanca out to get what she missed. I thought that was a bad idea and sure enough, Blanca arrives the next day with a bad attitude. I mean she was extremely rude so I just had her leave after about 10 mins.I email Juan to update him of the situation and he offered me a $15 refund for the baseboards. I was really offended at that because it wasn't just the baseboards. It was everything. I didn't receive the deep clean I paid for at all and Juan ultimately gave me the run around with no resolution.Don't waste your money.
2	After I posted my Yelp review, I received an email from Juan offering me a refund and asking me to take down my review. I have since been refunded in full and greatly appreciate it. I added an extra star for the refund. However, I don't feel comfortable taking down my review, because that is the whole point of Yelp. Hopefully this business will improve their practices and others will benefit from my experience.
5	Quick response, arrived on time and did a fantastic job. Definitely will continue receiving regular cleanings through Wave House. Thank you for the service!
5	Jackie and Steve were here to clean today from Wave Housecleaning.  They did a really fabulous job!!  They were pleasant, thorough and left my house sparkling!  They are a great team and are determined to make their customers happy by doing an outstanding job of cleaning your home.  The price was a good value.  I would not hesitate to have Jackie and Steve back again.  They are awesome!!
5	Me and my roommates had quite the task for Wave House Cleaning as our lease was ending. The house was a disaster! Called wave house cleaning and they sent out one of their top notch teams to save our deposit. Jackie and Steve were very  punctual and even more nice. They got started right away and even helped me go over some of my pricing options about some added services. Needless to say, after 4 hours, the house had a makeover from dingy frat house to clean show house! Highly recommend Wave House Cleaning!
5	I was pretty disappointed. I scheduled my service a few days (almost a week) prior to my appointment date because I had relatives coming into town and needed a deep cleaning. The day before my appointment they called to tell me that their cleaner was in a car accident and they would not be able to make my appointment. Now, I was concerned about the health of the cleaner and they were okay but it just baffled me that they were the only one available to make the appointment.There were no back-ups?  Sadly, I had to cancel   with them and find a different place very quickly, which I was able to do and for half the price. My schedule is very tight and I have to count on people to show up when they say they are, just as I do for my commitments.(UPDATE)A day after writing this I got a call from the owner who wanted to personally apologize to me. He didn't try to make excuses at all just a heart-felt apology and an offer to make up for their inconveniencing me. WHAT GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE! Think about it, how often these days do you get people like this that actually CARE about their potential clients. I'll definitely be calling them for my next cleaning. If their customer service is this good, I bet their cleaning services are top notch!  Changing my rating from 2 to 5 stars because things like this matter to me and they nailed it.
5	My rental home is vacant again. To get it ready for the new tenant, I used Wave House again. And again from beginning to the end, the service was great.  Setting up an appointment was easy and quick. The cleaning work was thorough and nice. And the price was the same as last time.  Especially the communication is fantastic. Everyone is very responsive, and the office manager Melissa is wonderful on the phone. I highly recommend you to try out Wave House Cleaning Services.
4	I needed a move out clean kind of short notice and hired Wave House Cleaning. It was easy to schedule an appointment. On the day of, the cleaner was a bit behind but they called me in advance to let me know so no problems there. Jamie was professional, quick and thorough! Was my second time using this company and would use them again!
5	I recently purchased a house and it was in desperate need of cleaning after the prior tenant moved out. The house looked like it hadn't been cleaned in years! Everything was coated in dust and the tubs, showers, etc had stains that looked like they might never come out.    After looking up house cleaning companies, I decided to try wave after reading many positive reviews. I also appreciate their response to the negative ones.  It couldn't have been easier to schedule an appointment and the staff made sure that everything was setup for the day of my cleaning.   I was fortunate enough to have Jaime come to clean my house! I was amazed to see it after she was done! She took her time and did an excellent job. I couldn't be happier with her work! I will definitely use her again in the future and would recommend her to anyone!   Thank you Wave House Cleaning and Jaime for making this a great experience!
4	I hired Wave to clean up a rental house, 3 beds, 2 baths, not a huge place. Initially I was a little unsatisfied, but I had left the cleaner unattended and couldn't review the work immediately. But I called them the next day and expressed my dissatisfaction, and they sent a second cleaner to redo the job at no charge. The final result was good! Wish I hadn't had to go through it twice but they made it right.
4	Just bought a home and decided to use Wave House based on the yelp reviews. I didn't scrutinize the job right away as I had many other companies coming out for bids on work that needed to be done to the home so I was pretty tied up to really inspect it. But it appeared to be clean.Later that evening i saw the stove and showers were not cleaned very well at all. There was alot of soap and hard water residue left behind, I could run my hand over the tiles and my hand was very chalky. The stove was still pretty crusty also. The office mgr., Melissa (I beleive) followed up the next day on the cleaning, I explained my disappointment and she immediately offered for the girls to come back and rectify it. I initially declined, and then later decided to have them come back. They came out the next day and re-cleaned the stove and only 1 of the showers. I didn't say anything about the 2nd shower to them as I already felt very uncomfortable  about them coming back to re-clean, knowing that I complained about their cleaning.  (I really don't like addressing a job that is not well done with someone, they look at you cross, like how dare you complain about the job I performed) Later that night I started to unpack the boxes and get my house in order and that's when I really started noticing how dirty everything was still. I paid  for a deep move in clean. There was no furniture in the house so nothing in the way of them being able to clean all the nooks and crannies. I paid extra for all the windows, sliders and inside the cabinets and fridge to be cleaned.  They missed several cabinets shelves all together, that were very very dusty and cleaned the others poorly. There was still dirt & crumbs in several of the drawers, and dirt in corners of the cabinets. The slider and window tracts were supposed to be cleaned as part of the window cleaning that I paid extra for, they were not cleaned very well, there was still dirt & grime in them. There was debris/particles all along the baseboards, in every room, that were not vacuumed. Dirt left in corners of the tile floors. They did a surface clean, but not a very thorough deep clean, which is what I paid for. I wanted it sparkling and sanitized, and it is not even close.Melissa did call after they came back out to follow up and I just let it go to voicemail and didn't call back to say anything about what I was seeing. I know they can't fix it if i don't say something, but I didn't want them to send out the same girls again and I have to point out all the areas they didn't clean properly, it is extremely unnerving to have to do that. I would give them 1 star based on their cleaning abilities. The only reason I gave them 2 stars was because of Melissa's customer service skills. I would never use them again and feel it was a complete waste of $220.I would recommend that if there are issues with a cleaning that you send out someone else so the customer is not dealing with "glares".**Owner contacted me after seeing the review, he offered me a few different options to rectify the situation. I have decided to change my review to 4 stars from 2, due to the customer service I received in response to the situation. No one is perfect, but they were willing to make sure I was taken care of and satisfied, that is all you can ask for from a company. I would give them another opportunity to clean my home.
5	I just wanted to thank the staff both in the office and cleaning professionals who showed up to clean my dads house in Mesa.  They were able to fit us in for a deep cleaning in a short period of time as my dad was returning back after being out of town for several months. He's older so we were concerned and wanted a very good deep cleaning. My sister was in town and said that the cleaning staff did a very good job and for the cost that they charge the value was top notch. Wave is able to add extra services on a case-by-case basis which helped us as we had some specific cleaning needs that we wanted done such as cleaning the walls and window wells from the typical dust that occurs living in the valley. Thanks again for taking care of my dad!
5	Needed to have a Deep Cleaning before the holidays because family will be visiting. Waited until the last minute to schedule and Wave was able to fit me in 2 days before my ideal day (not an issue-I knew I waited too long). Before my appointment I received very quick email correspondence to arrange and confirm the appointment. On the day of the cleaning, I received a call from Melissa to confirm my address and then the cleaners showed up about 10 minutes later. There were two very pleasant ladies who arrived and got right to work. They worked really hard on my 4 bd, 3 bath house for nearly 5 hours. The place is sparkling!! It looks better than the day we moved in! After the appointment I received another call from Melissa following up on my service. A+ customer service! A+ cleaning! All around great experience. The cleaning was so good and so thorough that we are planning to keep it up with monthly visits. Thank you, Wave!
5	Wave House Cleaning Services is the new waving rave!  ;-)   Jamie and Eric did a great job completing a deep clean for my rental, that I have them in my personal home, too. The best part is, I appreciate the owner calling me to personally explain the services and process.  Juan was very accommodating to my hectic, busy schedule and very fair on rates. It's hard finding exceptional customer service these days... But Juan and his team deliver!
