2	The first thing is the name. It's not Slots O' Fun or Slots OF Fun, but Slots A Fun. What's that all about?Second, many casinos on The Strip brag about their food offerings. At Slots A Fun, it's Subway Sandwiches and Noble Roman's Pizza. This place doesn't smell like money, it smells like yesterday's Ragu.But you're not here for the food, you're here for the penny slots. That's right. Though they've cropped up everywhere, this is the home of the penny slots. Think about it. If you're playing penny slots, your goal is not to win money, it's just to lose money less quickly. Players at Slots A Fun are pre-defeated.Or just cheap. After all, the casino also advertises $1 table games, $1 and $2 craps, and 50 cent roulette. You're welcomed to Slots by the Big Sand Creek slot machine, which may be the biggest slot in town. (I could make a sexist comment here, but I won't.) It stands over 6 feet tall and fills the doorway, so that strangers can watch you lose from across the street. Next to Big Sand Creek is an open air craps table, designed, I suppose, to lure in the sucker which is born every minute.In the men's room, I saw this sign posted next to a bin by the sinks: "Please place needles or other sharp objects in this container." Draw your own conclusions.
4	A Hole...yes.Cheap...yes.Fun...you bet!We went immediately following a meal at the Peppermill, otherwise I was planning on ordering a half-pound hot dog for a buck and a half...I was disheartened to learn that only a year ago, the half-pound dog was only 99 cents.  How times have changed.Anyway, the table minimums are cheap, the drink service was pretty good...and it smells kinda like the way you want Vegas to smell.If you're into things smelling like soot.Which, apparently...I am.It was good, cheap fun...and it got me warmed up for the REAL money-losing I was to do later that day.
1	Yes, they do have $1 craps. The problem is, if you've ever played craps, you can't make proper odds on a one dollar bet, so they are really just taking advantage. The crowd here is a sad and drained one, and I would recommend staying clear. Yes, the drinks and gambling are cheap, but you can find a good deal further up the strip with a much better vibe. Stay away from slots of fun.
4	Its nearly a dump, but ooh what a fun dump it is, cheapo gambling, cheapo drinks and all around cheapo fun.
4	Believe me, sometimes there's nothing you want more than to escape the pristine sparkle of the mega-resort and sit down somewhere a little grittier and play some low-stakes games.  I really enjoy playing 21.  Really, really, a lot.  But I live here, and the $5 minimum is sometimes just too much.  Slots A Fun gives you cheap gambling, period.  More bang for your buck, and that's all I'm looking for.It's rough and tumble here and that's just the way I like it.
1	I ventured over here to kill some time, but the slots were really boring and I didn't win anything. Generally I'll win a few bucks, but here, the slots were really old.... you can tell they taped some of the missing bits together with Scotch tape. So lame. The machines also don't spin properly. However, you'll find the cheapie slots from 1 cent up which could be cool for some.
3	Yes this place is small, with the stench of stale beer and the sights of old people and crackheads, its a wonder this place has been here for so long. What attracts me to this place is their .99 cent jumbo hot dog. Uhm yea it's pretty huge. Great place to also people watch. The gaming is fairly inexpensive. But it's not like getting points for the Wynn for your player's club card. I can't give it a bunch of stars. Because based on how I'm rating things. It's the nostalgia which is great - yet downfall. In reality I'd give it 3.5 stars - There's nothing but you can really do here other than gaming - people watching, and eating big hot dogs...
3	1 star for the nasty 99 cent 1/2 pound hot dog that is uneatable even when starved.  But 5 stars for having dime slot machines and video poker machines from 1983 and those old games where the quarters shoot out and try to push other quarters down to you.  After everything, it's an average spot if your in the area to check out.
2	My family and I came over to this casino for one reason: a foot long (1/2 pound) hot dog for 99 cents. We had seen a show on the Food Network about hot dogs and this place was one of the cheap ones. So, we tried it and didn't think much of it; it tasted like a big roll of bologna. I guess if you are a huge bologna fan, you'll really enjoy it. It wasn't horrible but it wasn't anything to go gaga for.
5	I absolutely love this seedy and cheap little appendage of Circus Circus.  This is the first place I gambled once I hit 21 and it was a blast.  Cheap tables, cheap slots, and surprisingly good drink service.  Roulette was my favorite and I made about $30 bucks (not bad considering the $2 buy-in).
5	Come on guys, this place is for us Po Folks who can't afford $10 black jack. Where else on the strip can you gamble at tables for a few hours and get loaded up on booze, without possibly losing your last paycheck? Here you will find plenty of $3 black jack tables and a $1 table. The cocktail service is actually really good here, they come by often. You can sit here gambling for hours with not much money and get free drinks while you're at it.
5	Slots A Fun is the place to be in Vegas. As has been widely noted, it boasts a $2 craps table, and a $1 black jack table. Gambling for hours is cheap, and might even be a winning proposition when drinks are factored in. But the best thing about Slots A Fun is the people: the people you'll meet gambling at Slots A Fun are varying degrees of drunk and crazy. I'll take a wild and crazy $2 craps at Slots A Fun over a stuffy $5 table elsewhere any day.
2	This place is kinda gross.  The guys I came with just wanted to come here for the 99 cent foot long hot dog....so luckily we didn't have to stay long.  :P
5	The finest casino in Las Vegas. Burn your Mamma Mia tickets and spend the night playing  vingt-et-un with Prez, you white devil. He didn't lose those teeth by NOT having fun.
4	this place is the opposite of  the mega-resorts on the strip...it was actually a destination spot on my last trip to Las Vegas...i was remembering how great this place was 10 years ago....and when i returned this summer i was glad that it had not changed one bit.....cheap and potent drinks, fun gaming and the greatest 1/2 pound hot dog in the world.....a great little place with a funky, anything-can happen vibe...
4	I don't gamble with my money, only my liver. But I did put in a few dollars in the decrepit slots here while my husband enjoyed a 99 cent ginormous hot dog. Then we moved on the $1.25 margarita which was a bit on the sicky sweet side and a little too slushy, but still did the trick. The people watching cannot be beat and if I'm going to gamble, I'll do it here where the minimums are low. You won't find any high rollers here, but if you want $10 to last all afternoon, this is the place to go.
5	i love this place!!!cheap tables.  crazy crazy people watching!staff is great!!!! hot dog!!! with everything.  get it!
1	This place smells like dirty feet.  The people hanging out in here look like they have dirty feet.  Ghetto as fuck!!!!  Avoid like the plague.
2	Dark, dingy, and smoke filled, this little casino sans hotel is everything you'd expect from a seedier, downtown casino.  At least the tables are very cheap.  Int he morning, there are always gambling specials, so if you're on a budget, this is a great place to come.  Its location isn't very convenient, though, so you might want to look elsewhere if you're looking to be entertained.  I have to say that I'm not a big gambler, so perhaps this would be more attractive to someone who comes for the gambling rather than the sights.
5	Shady, dirty, dark, and stinky. On the plus side, they do have cheap tables. But despite all that, you come here for  that $1 monster of a hot dog. Five stars for inspiring margarita-drunk ladies to pose promiscuously with this delicacy.
4	If you want cheap gaming this is the spot, $5 blackjack, video poker, big hot dogs, lots of slots, I love the big one outside someone always win a few bucks, but skip the margaritas they really don't put much liquor in them. Its older and a little far down the strip, but you can beat the cheap gaming, also I love the fact the the machines pay coins win you hit nothing beats the sound of all those coins dropping cha ching! cha ching! cha ching!
3	Cheap gaming and cheap drinks make this an easy place to spend a few hours at the north end of the strip. It feels more like gambling for fun than gambling to win - though the slots here did pay out pretty regularly. The crowds around the tables were also big on enjoying themselves.
1	what a dumpy place.  The slot machines pay out in real nickels.  Cashing out $20 takes about 5 minutes and scooping the change into the cup turns your hands black.  The card tables near the entrance blows the cards up sometimes.  The only plus is the cheap hot dogs and the cheap craps minimum.  It's far off the strip and not worth the hike.
1	Slots of fun has the reputation for being a fun place....it was not fun at all.  $.99 hots dogs did not sit well in my stomach, the pina colada almost ended my life, and to top it off i lost money in the slots machine.  Thanks for the fun...slots of fun
2	No matter what time of day, their craps tables were always packed as were roulette and blackjack, probably in part to the .50 and $1 minimums respectively. All reel machines paid coins, so grab a bucket (but you probably won't need one, as most of the machines here were very tight). Literally 20 steps south of Circus Circus, it's worth a gander.
3	Here's my "Slots A Fun" story.Flew to Vegas on Monday and burned through over half of my funds in the first 24 hours of my 48 hour visit.  Not acceptable.  Need a break.  I couldn't find any bank ATMs, so I took the Deuce from downtown to the nearest Wells Fargo branch (between Fremont and the Strat - kind of a crappy area).After walking through the drive-through ATM, I was standing by the Deuce stop and sweating profusely.  Crap.  It's hot.  The passersby are staring at me.  I resolved to get on the next Deuce, no matter which way it was going.A bus arrived heading towards the Strip.  I hopped in for the ride.  I remembered that a friend had recommended Slots A Fun and their (in)famous 99 cent hot dog.  He said they were nasty.  What the hell, my day couldn't get much worse.I sauntered in about 1:00 P.M.  and grabbed a $2 Heineken.  Stood in line for the snouts.  Made the tactical error of adding chili to my hot dog (see picture).  Just nasty.  Tasted like Hormel chili and bologna mixed together.  Ugh.Why three stars?The place is dumpy and grimy, but everyone seemed to be having a good time.The hot dog with chili was rude, but my gambling luck improved dramatically after eating said hot dog.  Thanks A Lot, Slots A Fun!  Perhaps I shall return some day when I am down on my luck.
4	ok, let's all agree, the place is a dive, it's a favourite hangout for vagrants at 2am, and you don't want to touch the food or drink. BUT - $2 dollar craps, and $1 blackjack (was $3  at the table though) allows me to play aggressively at craps and blackjack when the rest of the strip is at $10 min bets on all games, with rare $5 min blackjack tables.The dealers were friendly and fun, the crowd obviously less well heeled but more aggressive and fun than higher end strip casino's. I played craps and blackjack with a starting stake of $200, and after four hours I was down $10... thanks to the low min bets. You can afford to press odds on craps and play properly without a stake in the thousands of dollars.
4	You just cant help but pop in when youre in front of this place. Its just plain ol fun ready to hit you in the face! Cozied up to the bar next to Subway and played some video poker and enjoyed a dark Dos XXs. The machine was acting up so the barkeep hustled somebody over to fix it and I was in business trying to make my fortune again!I played on 20 for a good hour and had a good time. This is just a small place for slots and cheap beers or those tall ass margaritas in plastic half yards! Spend some time, get a buzz and move on!
4	What kind of mystery meat do they put in these wrinkly giant hot dogs? Actually, I don't want to know, but it filled me up for $2.And you (blackjack) people who constantly double down when the dealer is showing 10 and you have 10...I'm going to choke you.
1	What the hell is this place - the Circus Circus Annex?  There was literally not one thing in this place that would have caused me to break my stride as I sauntered in one door and ran out the other.  Not the loose video poker which normally stops me dead in my tracks, not the $3 blackjack and definitely not the giant hot dogs.Call me a snooty bitch, go ahead, I can take it.
2	Slots-A-Fun has very strange odor. A mixture of cigarettes, hot dogs, pizza, B.O., and industial strength cleaner (the kind they use in the "adult" bookstores). I took a couple friends through here on the obligatory ten minute tour. Enough time to buy a couple beers, lose $3 in a slot machine (at least I got a quarter back!!! A real quarter-not a coupon-the only reason this place gets 2 stars!) and cruise by the $1 roulette table. I was hoping to teach my table game-wary friend how to play a simple game of roulette, but the proliferation of Lil' John and Ludacris wannabes hovering nearby scared her away. YEEEEAAAAH! Oh well- I never do well at those low limit tables anyway. I played craps here once and dealers were extemely rude. I wonder why this place, and circus circus,still exist when everything else nearby has been imploded.
3	Im not ashamed to say it....I love this place. Yeah its a dive , everything around it is seeing the wrecking ball, BUT it's cheap booze,cheap gambling,cheap food and cheap women. $2 beers on the STRIP, a cab line next door so no wait to get away, Circus Circus has cheap rooms for when you need to pass out.
2	I think Circus Circus runs this place to handle the overflow from would be guests who can't  pass the Circus Circus entrance exam or something.  After all, they must have  "some" standards at Circus Circus.  Quite a strange crowd to be found under its roof.  I can brave it for the cheap beers and easy in, easy out, which earns it two stars.  Not much else of interest here to me.
3	Cute little gambling area. Kind of dirty, but what else can you expect from a tiny "casino".
5	A broke college student's dream.seriously though $20 can go a long time here.99 cent hot dogs, $1.25 miller lite, $2 henikens, $8 magaritas (the same yard cups that cost double at other places), $3 blackjack.Slots A Fun is the exact opposite of its glitzy Strip casinos. its small and grungy, and the crowd isn't exactly glamorous (almost creepy), but if you're looking for some cheap fun. you'll find it here.
3	ive been to vegas many times with my family as an underage kid who sat in the backseat of the rental car, looking out of the window at the flashy casino signs, gimmicky decorations and oversized replications of worldly places-- i cant help but to remember one thing-- the giant sign above slots a fun, advertising a giant hot dog :] so last year i finally turned twenty one, with a goal in my mind-- im going to get a giant hot dog. sure i gambled, drank alcohol like there was no such thing as a hang over, but i also found my way walking down las vegas blvd in freezing cold weather (it was january) without a jacket, just to get the frankfurter of my dreams.after two hours of walking from mandalay bay to slots a fun, i thought for sure we were going to give up or else there was a good possibility we might turn into the donner party and eat each other, but we made it with all of our limbs intact :]we ordered our dogs, sat at the counter and ate them in silence amidst the loud casino, feeling fat and accomplished all at the same time. i even bought a hot dog for my little yorkie waiting for us back at the hotel-- but sadly, i dropped it on the ramp going to caesar's palace. it was a sad, sad night. but honestly, my puppy wasnt missing anything. the hot dogs werent that huge, but maybe thats because im used to my dodger dogs back home :]
3	I like hanging out at Slots A Fun for all the blemishes that make other people hate it.  Slots A Fun is the Hills Have Eyes of Vegas casinos.  I literally saw a man covered in third degree burns, wearing a dirty trench coat, with what had to be a prostitute on his arm.  Gigantic pigeons crowd the entrance pick pocketing drunks and waiting for tourists to drop food.  The 99 cent hotdog is edible but couldn't possibly be "food".  The texture and taste was like a hotdog shaped sponge that had been floating around in hotdog water.  My friend did not carry the 99 cent hotdog to full term and performed the big spit into a trashcan.  Beer costs something ridiculously cheap like $1.50.  This is trailer park gambling and it is entertaining as hell.  Go for the cheap gambling, cheap beer and the free freak show.  I've been three times, on three visits, and will eventually go back for a fourth.
5	This place is sketch as hell and I love it!Slots o fun is the best place for gambling on the strip! Theye have really chaep blackjack ($2-3$) and the slots are pretty loose. It's more than possible to spend an hour here on 20 bucks. Be advised it's not for the faint of heart. There is quite a crowd here ranging from the few 20 something college kids who heard of this place from their parents to the an older crowd in town for conventions to dirties. Beer is really cheap, always a loud good time. Recommended if you're on a budget or just think $20 black hands are silly.
1	Ok, well I didnt go here to play slots or cheap table games. I happened to be nearby and hungry. I started to recall the Yelp reviews about the cheap hot dogs that are available and figured, what the hell. So I go inside and there is the snack area that sells the hot dogs right next to the Subway. Huge line at Subway and nobody at the snack bar. I think "Hmm, surely these people do not know about these glorious hot dogs. What a pity!". Most likely they were looking at me and thinking, "Look at that idiot standing alone at THAT place. Does he believe EVERYTHING he reads? What a pity!". So I order the hot dog and make it the combo. It says you get a hot dog, a bag of chips, and a 20 oz soda for $3.99. I think thats what it cost at least. I'm trying to erase the whole episode from my mind so I may be off a little on the price. The soda you get is actually a lot larger than 20 oz though. Anyways, on to the hot dog. Why did I even take a bite of this mystery meat concoction? First off it was cold. I should of just threw it away and chalked it up to another Vegas gamble that didnt pay off. But no I'm too damn stubborn. Took a bite and almost vomited. Got up to throw it away. Even that was an ordeal. Having to maneuver through a maze of rats with wings...errr pigeons....must be part of the ambience that people seem to like about this place. I will be back to do some gambling I am sure. I WONT be back to do further damage to my intestines though.
2	Utter Disappointment! I really went to this place with the highest of hopes after reading some of the great yelp reviews. "hills have eyes of casinos" and "burn victims". I was so excited to see it. Unfortunately, there was nothing of the sort on the Saturday night I went. Osheas made Slots a fun look like the Wynn! I didn't even see one guy sucking down a cancer stick while wheeling his oxygen tank around.Also, there wasn't a game to be had for under $5. That is how it is every weekend.  Contrary to how advertised, craps and blackjack are no less than $5 on weekends. I'm sticking to the western with $3 blackjack, "free" root beer floats and karaoke Saturdays. "Tearidup!"
2	Dear Sirs and Madams that run Slots A Fun,WAKE UP AND SMELL THE 21ST CENTURY please. So we go in there, get the hot dog special, it's a decent dog, let me tell you! (that's why I gave this joint 2 stars instead of 1) Then we proceed to the roulette table. There's an open spot at the roulette table, so my wife sits down. This dude comes by her and is rude and says "I'm sitting here." I was going to kick this guy's ass, but she wisely steered me away. So then we go play slots. I look for the button to print the ticket out, there's no damn ticket. They pay you in coins. So we're lugging like $35 in nickels around the casino.And the casino literally smells like vomit. Thank you.
3	Review #200!!!Go once before they blow it up.  Make it quick.  I had a blast here one night with a friend.  We were a bit intoxicated and playing that "wedges ledges" game.  Do you know what I am talking about?  The game where you try to get the coins to drop off of the end and into your bucket.  Anyway, it was the most entertaining loss of $12 I have ever enjoyed.This used to be where all the dead heads would hang out when shows were in town.  The bartenders still talk about it, and were playing some Jerry Garcia tunes while I was there.  Don't eat anything here and wash your hands when you leave.
1	Clearly, I have psychic ability .  Slots A Fun is now Slots a Fun at Circus Circus.  Just how in the hell do they think this will make it better, I wonder.If only I could use this psychic gift to reincarnate my stock portfolio.
4	If anyone reads my reviews then they know that I am a huge fan of good dive bars. While vacationing in Vegas this weekend one of our travel partners recomends Slots of fun. This place is right next to Circus Circus so it must be a dive bar. I walk in and feel the stickiness of the old and nasty carpets. The place smells of cigarretes and booze. I order a beer and a daqarui for my finace and the price is 4 bucks total!!! Jackpot! This place is the ultimate dive casino!!Lost among the giant ultra glam resorts you have this tiny casino that looks like some sort of reject bastard casino from Vegas's past. This spot seems to be popular spot once the party is over. Leaving Tryst or any other spot at 5am and they you just end up a slots o fun for some ultra cheap gambling and some cheaper booze.. 2 dollar black jack and 25 cent slot machine makes for some great fun when you are downing cheap booze.Like any dive establishment the crowd is a mixture of old people just passing time and the younger crowd who is simply looking for a pit stop after a hard nights partying... Thumbs up!
4	Slots A Fun.  An excellent low rollers paradise!We were in Vegas for my bachelor party over the weekend staying at the Riviera.  Right across the street is this little gem.  If low limits are your thing, then this is the place to be.They use to be one of, if not the only, place on the strip that would still give actual coins when you would win.  They have now changed that to the ticket system which is nice.  It always use to smell like barf too.  That has changed also.  They basically redid the whole place and now its much much nicer. 2 dollar Heineken and Coors Lights at the bar.  $1.00 minimum bet at the virtual blackjack table.  Lots of penny slots.  We spent most of our time here and had alot of fun.  Didnt lose too much money and got drunk as a skunk in the process.  Overall a fun place to chill if you have a large group of guys who like to drink and gamble a bit.
3	Who needs a dealer that speaks English when everything is so cheap? This place can be a blast if you go with a big enough group.
4	Ok, let's make it clear. It isn't $1 for beer and footlongs anymore (as of 1/04/10). it's:- $2 beers- $2 footlongsnot that it makes a big difference! The prices changed most likely, as others pointed out, because slots-a-fun is now part of Circus Circus next door. You can actually use Circus Circus' free play money at Slots-a-fun.The hotdogs were pretty gross, but hey they were practically free. Better than the other options in the casino: overpriced subway and pizza. The beer was good, the wait was short and the place had excellent atmosphere. Great place to drink on the cheap as waitress came as soon as we sat by the penny machines. I wasn't disappointed. Great place to hang out on the cheap for a couple hours.
1	We only ventured here because we had a coupon for a free hot dog and beer.  Disgusting doesn't even begin to describe the "hot dog".  Utterly inedible.There are plenty of other bargain and cheap eats out there.  Skip this one.
5	This was my favorite place on our Vegas trip. I did pretty good on the tables (single deck blackjack), but didn't win a penny (literally) on the slots....ALL the dealers were the BEST I met in Vegas and had so much fun. Met great people, had free beers, won $50 bucks.....C'mon....it doesnt get much better.
3	I remember going to Westward Ho next door when they had the footlong hot dog, and it was great!!   I still love the footlong hot dogs at Slots O Fun though!!   Yes, they're not that great, but hey, where else can you get a dog that big for that price??   It's good, but not great.   And yes, the prices seem to be always changing.   It's not  a buck anymore.   I think when I was there last year, it was $2.49 or something like that.   And the dog isn't quite as big anymore either.   If you want a better dog, there are tons of places in Vegas, especially Downtown, that have better dogs.   Not as big of course, but still pretty big and still fairly cheap.
4	my traveling companions were of the more upscale kind but i had been telling them about the hot dogs i had seen on the travel channel for slots-A-fun so they decided they were game.Do not have high expectations for this place because you'll be disappointed with the colorful clientele and smoke ridden atmosphere.When you walk through the door head straight towards the bar for your $2 pina colada or strawberry daiquiri. after you've imbibed the slushy sit down at the penny slots for slots-a-fun.The guys went over to the craps table for some fun and the girls sat down at the slots. were able to play on the penny slots for a good hour if not longer. we made those pennies stretch.once we were gambled out, we grabbed our hot dogs. My boyfriend had one and i shared one with a friend. (the hot dogs are huge). No one else but me had a problem with the hot dog, I have trouble processing foods at times, therefore the dog made me sick, but everyone else loved what they had and there were no issues. So take a gamble with the hot dog, you may like it.
5	This place if full of win.  The $5 craps table pretty much right on the sidewalk is entertaining.  The people surrounding is like either a police line-up or a discounted freak show.So why the 5-stars?  It's pretty good for the extreme north end of the strip.  (Stratosphere, Circus Circus, Riviera, etc)  The dealers are actually friendly for the riff-raff they have to put up with.........and the place isn't so bad.Personally, I wouldn't eat here because the food options are sub-par compared to the food court of your local mall.  The drinks are fine though.  I'm just happy I got a $1 chip from Slots-A-Fun before they converted all the chips over to Circus Circus chips.  Who knows how much longer this place will be here so I have a nice collectible now.
3	Nice place to eat on the cheap.  You'll get full or drunk off of what they have to offer for sure.  I believe they still provide free donuts and coffee for gamers in the early mornings.  This place is really old but why not try your luck?
4	Slots A Fun is a small place where you can get drunk fast and eat for waaaay cheap. $3.99 for a a soda, bag of chips, and a 1/2 lb hot dog! can't beat that kinda deal. Since its a small place, the drink hostesses cover the slot and table game area in a short time so, you are able to sit a gamble and get comp drinks really quickly.
5	Is it a traditional "5 star" establishment?  NO, but more people need to rate things relative to what they're trying to be!  For what it is, this IS a 5 star place.  Crazy-cheap and John Holmes-HUGE hot dogs that are decent, and low low minimum table games make this place IDEAL for someone young a easy-going or someone doing Vegas on a budget or just looking for a change of scenery from the flashy high-end casinos.If you're a crusty old lady used to cush cush service you get at the Bellagio, hell, don't come here, it's not for you.Again, for what it's trying to do, it's 5 stars.
3	Cheap gambling, cheap table games...this is place you go to learn without busting a nut, i mean, busting your wallet while learning how to play...Not only that, but besides driving further down to downtown, this is place has the cheapest coronas and heinekens at $2 a pop, and cheap, and pretty decent food, for when your broke. They also have a Subway... Oh, and now they have this lounge act in the back, and oh my god... Think of its a section of the back part of the building, were they have a little stage, and they have this one man band guy singing... guy was pretty cool, and was all into his act... You need to check this out!!!
4	I don't care what anybody says, this is where it's at. I won a good amount of money at the Wynn but I also dropped a lot of money at the Wynn. I came here one night, and didn't walk out profitable, but was able to play for 3 hours on my $20. That's all good to me.
3	Do not play any roullete, they dont haver a number board and even the dealer does not know what the last 2-3 numbers where
3	Small place with cheap food and cheap drinks- so don't come here with high expectations. Known for footlong hot dogs. No frills ambiance. If you're on a budget, come here. Again, don't expect much.
4	"Hey bro, I just won a mini jackpot... let's get that giant hot dog!" $2 footlong hot dog... you really can't go wrong with this.  I didn't even play here though, so my review is limited to running in, and looking for the hot dog place.  It is a nice little break from the McDonald's dollar menu!
4	This place is freakin gross, and I love it.You can gamble and get drunk for absolutely no money.I feel like ever since Circus Circus bought it, it's not as busy or fun anymore, though. Last time I was there was May 2010. Before that, July 2008. Much better in '08.
1	i was excited to go to sluts R fun . i thought it was going to be a really fun place. it was a let down . mostly slot machines and on the left side of the casino are fast food  stands that rosanne barr would be afraid to eat at . i didnt play the slot machines but maned up the courage to use  the bathrooms in the back. the smell was bad in the bathrooms and in the casino. i bought some gifts at the gift store on the right side before leaving this stank ho house and going into circus circus .
2	No more 99 cent beer, no more diarrhea inducing 99 cent shrimp cocktail, no more 1/4 lb hot dogs...dangit...whats a cheapskate to do?Well at least the Snack Nook has footlongs for $1.99
2	I dragged my party down to Slots-A-Fun because it was the last place that I knew on the strip that had coin operated machines.  I miss that *ching*ching*ching* sound and a bucket full of nickels, unfortunately, it's gone from here too.
2	First, let me say that this place used to be the bomb.  Dirty folks that are so ugly and cracked out that you feel like you were the starting quarterback in the Superbowl, even after you just dump $3k at the Wynn.  This is the place to come when you feel like taking over a shitty $.25 craps table and making stupid bets on snake-eyes, while pissing of the shitty dealers.  Since Circus Circus bought this place, its gone downhill.  Probably still worth 10 minutes of your time though.
4	Next door and now part of Circus Circus. It is cheap and old-school Vegas. They have upgraded their slot machines, so it has the newer multi-line penny machines. Didn't see any old coin type machines. You can use your Circus Players Club card in Slots A Fun machines.I'm mostly a fan because of the inexpensive food and drinks here. There are 3 food places ... Snack Nook which is famous for their cheap foot long hot dog (as of 01/23/11 it is $1.99 or $3.99 combo with bag of chips and a drink), Subway, (with their usual menu), and Noble Roman's Pizza (with 7" personal pizzas, lasagna, bread sticks, and a 14" pizza). The Snack Nook has other food items besides the hot dog.Nice little inexpensive gift shop with the usual souvenirs and miniature bottles of alcohol.
3	Well apparently the good folks that run this place listened to my last review. Are you ready for this????? They have woke up and smelled the 21st Century..no more coins out of the machines. They actually have *gasp* TICKETS now!!!  And the place no longer smells like vomit.  Nice job to the sirs and madams that run Slots a Fun!
2	My husband and I took a special side trip to Circus Circus just to try out Slots A Fun. Maybe this place has just lost its charm, but I couldn't find the hot dog stand ( I think its gone) and there was just an overpriced Subway inside. Nothing special at all about this place and wouldn't go back.
3	Cheap gambling and good fun
3	I thought this place was deserted because we were here at 3am, but having passed by it several different times throughout the day, it seems that it's just always empty. Surprising, considering its reputation as the go-to place for cheapo gambling on the Strip.Perhaps this was because all the table games are now automated (from what I hear, there WERE live dealers here at one point), and the Blackjack/Poker tables are manned by an array of creepy pre-taped video dealerettes. Or maybe it's because the cocktails are watered down even by "free drinks at a cheap casino" standards. Still, aside from the emptiness (and a couple of scary hobos continuously declaring their love for anal intercourse), this is an all-right spot to spend minimal money in maximum time. The $1 Blackjack table kept me entertained for a good while, and I only ended up $5 in the hole.I would probably prefer to stay closer to civilization at Casino Royale if I want to gamble on the cheap, but if you are staying on the north end, this place is still worth a visit.
4	This place looks shut down and like a dump, but if you like strong cheap drinks and playing stupid games- go to here!I think I won money....I think I had fun....I think I ate something bad for me...I know I made it back to my hotel with money still in my pocket....at least this night I did.
4	Oh. My. God.  $1 Black Jack still exists?Ha-ha.  My girlfriend and I found this spot walking from Circus Circus to who knows where.  But... we are always down for an adventure.  It was 98 degrees outside, and since we didn't know where we were walking to--the air conditioning that rushed out of this place lured us in.  Once inside, I started noticing $5 black jack tables.... and $1.50 roulette video tables... and $1 black jack?  Oh MY--WHERE WERE WE?  The place was not the cleanest, but who cares when you are playing $1 Black Jack and being served free booze.  This place is worth the stop.  Don't let the homeless people out front scare you-- go in--throw down $10--and have an hour of fun-- well worth the experience.
4	LOVE this place!  I'm glad that they kept this casino!  Cheap blackjack for $1.00, Vegas Vacation was filmed here (when Rusty won the car), and home of the footlong hot dogs!A lsmall part of the "old vegas" before the strip became a tourist trap.
2	This place is no longer was it once was. No more fun thrills and cheap food. I remember going in there it was ALWAYS crowded, even people overflowed onto the sidewalk. Their famous $2 Heinekens and $1 half pound hot dogs and shrimp coctails.. and the best of all were real dealers at the blackjack and roulette tables. It's all been replaced. Video blackjack and video roulette. Where's the fun in that? No more cheap beer or food either, just a subway and Nathan's. And worst of all it's deserted now.. it was one of the last old school feel places and now that feeling is gone!
2	When you walk into a place and even the air feels dirty something is amiss.  It's all electronic games. No tables with real people dealing.  We went out of our way to check it out and were vary disappointed.  Not worth the walk from anywhere.
1	In the old days, I came here after my money ran low to kill time before the night clubs opened.  It was truly a sight to be seen.  There were plenty of tables, numerous bottled beers, and slots abound.  It was a good place to cut your teeth the tables without spending too much money.  The dealers would chat you up and teach you about the game.  The dollar hot dogs were big enough to share with a friend or two.  The customer service was excellent while the drinks were stiff.ALL OF THAT IS GONE!! This casino advertises dollar black jack, craps, and roulette.  However, in actuality there are no live tables at all.  It is all video.  The place is run down and smells like crap.  The dollar hot dogs have been replaced.  There is an over priced Subway inside.  There really is no customer service to be had because it seems like no one works there anymore.  There is security and maybe one server.The place was full of people that I would cross the street to avoid.
2	Meh...... Yea just mehit's on the strip in an area which is kinda dwindling away of all the glitz and glitter which Vegas has to offer, worth a quick walk thru if your @ circus circus and heading back down to the more lively parts of the strip. Has a couple tables which are never accompanied by an employee, some slots, and a few vending type gambling games, $1 blackjack machines, video table games... not really exciting or worth spending a lengthy amount of time with all the other great places on the strip. I wouldn't go outta my way to visit.Saw a little snack bar with cheap eats, sodas, beers....
3	The slots are ok.  I used to frequent (from 2003-2009) because of the 50 cent chips on the roulette table.  So I learned roulette at this casino.  They have replaced the physical roulette table with a slot machine that only seats 4.  BAD CHOICE!!!! I would suggest they had at least 4 more seats to this machine because that was about the amount of people the old physical tables could hold.  It makes it hard to get on the machine because of the limited amount of space.All the table games have gone mechanical and exist as some slot or another.  I think it's sad that its come to that.  But they're trying to remain competitive.  I think the servers/waittresses should be on the floor more, but maybe there are less of them too.  Getting a drink took forever.  Overall, I enjoyed gambling here.  It was nostalgic but I idoubt I'd make the trek down the strip (going out of my  way) again.
1	If you're looking for the cheap hot dog, apparently, they don't sell them anymore. There's just a Nathan's cart near the entrance that offers two piss ant hot dogs for five bucks. No reason to ever step foot in this place.
4	What an incredibly dingy, smelly, run down, wonderland of adult fun. We passed this place a few times before making a stop there on our trips around the strip, but I am glad we did.Its not much to look at on the outside, just a small, single story building, attached to the more flashy circus circus hotel and casino. When you enter you will find that, yes, its also not much to look at on the inside. The place is dark, nasty carpeted floors, and i would stay stay clear of some exposed electrical wires on the floor.The reason I love slots of fun, is their cheap gambling. Its a great place to get your evening started (both drinking and gambling). They have 1$ minimum blackjack games, which have free cocktail service. They also have some great penny slots and poker machines. There is a small store attached that sells large beers 2 for 5 bucks, which is by far the cheapest you will find on the strip.If your looking for high-rolling, big stakes, glamour....dont go here. But if you are looking for Slots-Of-Fun, you've found it.
1	Two years ago I introduced my sister to S-a-F. We played $1 or $2 blackjack for hours, because that's how long it took the 80 year old dealer to get through one deck, lol. The pit boss came over and she had to be 90. We had a good laugh there. There's no ambience but if you like to play for cheap, it was one of the only choices remaining on the Strip.I went back last year and, sadly, all the tables had been replaced by machines. It was early in the day, before the food vendors opened, and there was literally not a soul in the place besides me. No drink service, no cashier, no management. If you have a problem as I did, or need change or anything, you have to go out to Circus Circus, and their managers don't know anything about Slots a Fun's machines. It was a sad state of affairs and unless they turn things around, it looks like Slots a Fun's days are numbered.
2	This place used to be my favorite on the strip! We used to go for cheap drinks and foot-long $1.99 hotdogs. And now its been replaced by Nathans unimpressive dogs :/ They swapped out a lot of slots for Arcade games, which is decent, but I'm just generally disappointed in the changes.
3	Ok so this is as low budget as one can get on the Las Vegas Strip (sorry Casino Royale).  Great food deals (two Nathan's hot dogs for 3.50 I think) , cheap booze and low limit table games. Plus 24 hour Beer Pong. If you need to get away from the luxury of the Venetian, or you are feeling just a bit too clean at Wynn, stop by and slum it. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	I am going to keep this one short and simple. Six beers for $15 on the Strip. Good luck finding a better deal. Plus a juke box playing some great Oldies and Classic Rock. It may be dirty, old, and smoky but Slots of Fun is a nice place to chill for a bit.
3	I always know I'm in Vegas when I come here and spend 20 bucks on a subway 5 dollar footlong lmao! Seriously how is it even legal for subway to rip you off like that haha. Slots of fun is like a 20 ton boulder going down hill....once it gets going...unstoppable. I don't even gamble here. When I stay at riviera I usually just come over to slots of fun to grab a nathans hot dog or some Over priced subway sandwiches. That being said there is something I like about the place. Just really old school vegas. Vegas actually needs more places like this. Hate to say it but I will be back lol
1	They took out the table games and like half the machines to make room for pool tables and beer pong. And guess what? No on was playing. It used to be a fun place to play compared to the stuffy mega casios now its boring.
1	I honestly feel the Circus Circus execs aka MGM Mirage, purposely sabotaged this place for reasons unknown. This place was semi well known for its always packed sidewalk craps table-gone, cheap blackjack and other table games-gone, funbooks which for years were passed out at the Circus Circus exit that included cheap drinks etc-gone, the giant Slots a Fun hot dogs featured on tv shows-replaced with chain restaurant dog, they used to give out free little sandwiches and donuts to gamblers in morning/afternoon-long gone, actual coin taking slot machines including the rare dime version video poker-gone. What you had was a casino that filled a cool little niche,  cheap drinks, old school machines that frankly can be fun to play as a novelty or just because, great table game atmosphere honestly possibly the funnest in Vegas and just a great little place to spend a few hours- LONG GONE. Replaced by generic slots that can be found in any casino anywhere, crappy chain food and no vibe or reason to be there. Memo to whoever runs the Circus Circus unless you're intentionally running your budget casinos into the ground in order to justify closing them and building another monstrosity like City Center you are failing miserabley at what isn't a complicated job. Please understand part of Vegas is fun little "dumpy" places and you took one of the last if not the last one away for no reason I can decifer. No way this spot makes more now with its generic setup than its old form.
1	Unfortunately, I've never been at Slots A Fun in its previous incarnation.  Other reviews will tell you, it was and appeared to be the anti-establishment casino.  The defiant dive in the face of the ever growing mega casinos being built around it.  This year, I was going to Vegas for the first time.  I've heard Slots A Fun had changed, I've heard its absurd footlong meat-like product had been replaced with simply an elongated Nathan's.  I was still going to check it out, and I held out hope that the massive baloney tube was still there.I couldn't imagine, after expecting the things it didn't have, that it was worse than I could hope for.  It is simply just a smoking room with slot machines.  That's it.  With no doors or areas to shield you from the crippling dry heat in early August, it wasn't even a safe haven from the outside world on the strip.As Krusty the Clown had suggested about his fast food restaurant on an unmanned oil rig, "Ah, close the damn thing down."
2	Slots Of Fun managed by Circus Circus just needs to rollover and die. This is not the Slots Of Fun of yesteryear. They took out all the live table games and dealers. There was not many slots like there used to be and they added pool tables. Who the hell goes to Vegas to play pool? I did not see a bartender nor a waitress but that's probably because I was in and out literally in under 60 seconds. I might check it out next time only because it seemed quiet and I hear they have $1 video blackjack based on prior reviews.
5	Love this place for what it is..Seedy yes, Cheap..Yes but its the low end of vegas . seen a young kid win 5k here..
1	What happened to the famous 1.00 Hot Dog! Now they have 2 for 5 bucks, what a dissapointment. Once again something great is changed for the Almighty dollar. Greed
1	This place has definitely seen better days.  I used to come by here in my single days all the time during my visits to Vegas.  I loved buying the foot long hot dogs for $1.00!!  I was so disappointed to see they did not have them anymore.Really, though, Slots A Fun is so outdated now.  Hard to believe that they are still operating.  Everything from the machines to the interior decor appears dirty and old.  This place needs a major remodel.  Sorry Slots A Fun, but you are no longer fun anymore.
3	was super fun,wayyy to busy!!! And no payouts....blahhhh
3	Upgrades ruined this place. About 10 years ago I got my first taste of slots a fun. I loved it. One night, myself and my best friend were playing these two nickel machines in the back. We played for 12 hours then got our sorry butts on the bus and went back to the hotel at 5am. We loved those machines. It was one of the few places you actually put your nickel in. .50 roulette, you played for the love not to get rich. We ate at the subway in the middle of the night. Although overpriced it was good and surprisingly we didn't get sick!!! Now slots a fun has been killed by modern gambling. It's electronic now, no putting in your nickel and pulling the reel. The table games are closed. I did play some video roulette because we walked a good ways to get there and I wasn't going to make it a wasted trip. They should have just left it be. If I'm in the area I'll stop in. But back in the day we would go out of our way and travel down the strip to get there and play. It was our favorite spot. Now it's just a dumpy version of what modern casinos are. Boo.
2	Slots-A-Fun used to be a fun place.   They benefitted from all the foot traffic that used to be more prevalent on the North Strip.   With the fall of most of their neighbors Slots-A-Fun now primarily serves as a slot parlor for guests at Circus Circus.      No more table games...and thats a shame because it was a fun place to play craps.I still pop in almost every visit just as a tribute to the old days but its a tomb every  time I go.    Seems like there's less than 10 people in there every time I visit now.  I Cant imagine how they stay in business.    They still have some good cheap eats/drinks at the snack bar...and the gift shop is nice for cheap souveniers....but without any people there is simply no energy in this place.     Maybe with the revival of Sahara and a new casino planned next door Slots-A-Fun will get back to its former glory.   But for now, its just kinda sad.
1	This is the smokiest casino I've ever seen. It's poorly ventilated.  The air didn't seem to be working either. I visited around 7 pm and it was still unbearable. I played on machine while there and there was a sign on the machine saying you get no players points for playing on that craps machine.
2	Slots A Fun used to be a really cool place.  Small, personal.  You could play table games or slot machines, video poker, etc.  When we visited last year, they had taken out the table games, and put in pool tables.  We were just there this month again, and there are big areas where they don't have anything.  Not even machines.  I hope that doesn't mean they are going to close.  I don't see how it's still going.  They used to have a free spin there, that was a really fun thing.  They did have the Ghostbusters game, which my husband and I love, but we quickly lost our money, so we left and went back to Circus Circus.
