4	I hit up the Tamale Stores table at the Old Town Scottsdale Farmer's Market on Saturday, where the two brother owners were giving away free samples of their warm corn treats. They have standard beef, pork and chicken tamales as well as a number of sweet ones including blueberry and pumpkin. I bought a packet of two cheese and mushroom tamales that i had today for lunch. all i have to say is mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm. gooey cheesy goodness! I haven't been to the store...yet. But it seems inevitable that i'll get myself some hot, sweet pumpkiny tamales for thanksgiving.
3	I tried their samples at the Westgate farmers' market, and they were good. Not fantastic, not unusual. But good. I think I would have to try some more to really make a truly educated review.  FYI, they have a holiday special, where if you buy 2 dozen, you get a 1/2 dozen sweet tamales for free. Rates are $20 a dozen, $10 a half, and $2 each.
4	Went to the Phoenix Farmer's Market and had some of their delicious morsels.  The Masa is made with great attention.  Most Tamale casing is bland and tasteless.  This stuff had some flavor which complimented the many fillings.  I can't wait to get some more.
3	Tamales... without attitude! Not an easy place to find, I drove by several times... keep your eyes open or bring a friend. The "store" is just that... small area with a chalk board menu that ( based on the amount on dust on the sill ) changes allot. I was greeted by a genuinely attractive and extremely pleasant woman that was eager to help. Their menu includes many different types of Tamales.....7 different types of Meat combinations, 4 Types of Vegetarian, 4 Types of Vegan and 3 types of "Dessert" Tamales. Each tamale is $2.00 6 for $11.00 or 12 for $22.00. Frozen & ready to heat and eat! ** NOTE: as of my writing, no debit or credit cards accepted! I opted for the Chicken with green chile, Green corn and cream cheese, Beef red and pork red. For dinner tonight I had the Chicken Green Chile and the Green Corn and cream cheese..First let me say,, the masa is AMAZING.. fluffy, lots of flavor.. the best I've ever eaten.. the chicken filling however... not to my liking.. the dark meat chicken filling reminded me of a pot pie filling... OK... just not great. The green corn and cheese... was a different story. Fantastic, tons of corn, chiles and cream cheese. I LOVED it... the whole tamale was a big fluffy yummy tamale!!! I didn't even use the salsa I made.. the favors alone were enuf. I look forward to trying the rest of my purchases, but right now... I recommend that you at least stop by, pick up a few and try them... I'm sure that you'll find something you really enjoy. I
4	This place sells some darn good tamales considering it is challenging to find places in Phoenix to buy them. You can pick them up at local Farmer's Markets during the week or pre-order them and pick them up at the store.I am a vegetarian so I went for the Vegan one with corn, spinach, and mushrooms. It was pretty fantastic. My carnivore friend says the pork one is the best one out of the meat selection.Make sure to have exact change if you stop into the store..and yes, it is slightly difficult to find. Buena suerte! :)
3	I'd heard good things about this place (I think they were mentioned as the best tamale in Phoenix magazine). They even have vegetarian and vegan varieties! I was sold! Then I went and got some. Funny thing, I mentioned several times I was a vegetarian and wanted only tamales without meat. When I found that I had been given several meat ones I was displeased. The tamales without meat were pretty good though I've certainly had better. All in all a good bet if you're at one of the many markets going on in the valley.
5	It seems that all the awesome food places are far from where I live. Well, perhaps it's just as well that this one isn't within easy reach for me because if it were, I'd be gorging on way too many tamales way too often. This small, unassuming store makes the best tamales I've ever tasted. The masa is rich and flavorful, the fillings are nicely seasoned; I like that their red chili is quite benign and doesn't oppress your tongue with heat. And the  different flavors work so well in combination, even when the combination seems strange at first. I thought cream cheese should never be put in a tamale but the green corn and cream cheese tamale quickly changed my mind. And such friendly people in the store! No wonder I've fallen in love with this place.
5	Anticipating a grueling swim team practice in the evening, I went here yesterday afternoon to get a tasty, stick-to-the-ribs lunch. I got two beef red chili tamales and a pumpkin tamale. The beef tamales were scrumptious, as expected. The pumpkin tamale, which I ordered out of curiosity, was excellent! It was rich and just sweet enough to provide a pleasant counterpoint to the savory beef tamales without being dessert-sweet. And for 6 bucks, that lunch sustained me through the afternoon and through the rigorous physical activity of the evening. As I said in my previous review, the Tamale Store is far from where I live, but now more than ever I'm convinced that it's well worth the drive. And I'm planning to get frozen tamales next time so I'll be well-stocked with these tasty treats.
4	We ran into the Tamale Store purveyors at the Citadelle Market a few weeks back.  In the fall/halloween spirit, we decided to get two of their pumpkin tamales (frozen).  The next night for a nice dessert, we prepared them in the steamer.  I don't know what I was expected, but, wow, they sure were good.  Went back the next week, and decided to get something a little more savory (in addition to a couple more pumpkin ones).  We settled on two ground beef/cheese and two green chili chicken.  Again, we prepared them in the steamer from frozen.  And again, they were quite good, I cleaned my plate and part of my wife's as well.  Definitely will be getting more tamales from there, they are so good.The only thing keeping them from a five star review is that in the two pack of ground beef tamales, there was one ground beef and one shredded meat (probably beef, but quite possibly pork).  Hopefully it was just a one time mistake, a lot of people (like me!) don't eat pork for one reason or another...
5	When you need tamales, go here!  They're better than the ones you can pick up at the mexican restaurants, and tons better than the homemade ones offered during fundraisers.  The Tamale Store's tamales are some of the best I've ever had; homemade or professionally made.  You can buy them at farmers' markets or at their location north of Cactus on Cave Creek on the west side of the road in a tiny strip center.  When I picked up my tamales the staff was friendly and very helpful to explain their various flavors of tamales, and the kitchen looked super organized and clean.  No grainy masa here with only a few shreds of god knows what meat - the masa is the perfect consistency and the quality fillings are generous.  They offer many, many different kinds of tamales from the traditional to unique, spicy to mild, savory to sweet.  Prices are competitive with other restaurants, and lower than many whose tamales aren't nearly as good.
5	Got 2 of their chicken chipotle tamales at the Ahwatukee Farmers Market. I should have listen to the guy and got more!! They were delicious! The masa was fluffy not too dry or creamy and it had flavor to it. The filling was just right spicy and made with white meat, no fat. Next week I'll get a dozen... Or two, who knows?
4	The Tamale Store made me a believer!  Not having grown up in the Valley, I wasn't exposed to tamales until recently, and I must say my initial impressions were not too favorable. I was ready to chalk up tamales under the category of ethnic food that is more about tradition than taste.  Most of the tamales I'd tasted were bland, mealy affairs of corn skimpily 'stuffed' with under seasons fillings.  Then one day, upon a suggestion from a friend,  I tried a Tamale from the Tamale Store at their kiosk at the Downtown Phoenix Public Market.  Now I'm a believer!  Unlike the tamales sold at most other places in the Valley, the Tamale Store's version consist of the perfectly cooked masa that is fluffy AND flavorful, overflowing with scrumptious fillings. They carry a full range of tamales, from the traditional (beef, green chile, pork, etc) to unique vegetarian combos ( green corn and cream cheese, spinach and mushroom) to delicious dessert choices (blueberry, pumpkin...) I haven't been to the retail store yet, but they are the highlight of my regular trips to the Downtown Phoenix Public Market. I usually have one to eat on the spot, and take a dozen frozen ones to enjoy at home.
4	Tamales sounded like a perfect late-morning breakfast as we wandered through the Old Town Scottsdale Farmers Market. The list of frozen tamales for purchase at the Tamale Store stand was impressively long, with meat and vegetarian options. The hot, ready-to-eat choices included chipotle chicken and mushroom with cream cheese. The chicken tamal(e) was my favorite, with large pieces of meat and a smoky sauce tucked inside the moist masa. The mushroom one was also good, but not as flavorful. Considering how time-consuming it is to make tamales (my sister-in-law spends hours on them), if there were a Tamale Store in my town, I'd definitely be a regular.
4	As their sign says "unwrap a fiesta" It is a party in your mouth... take that as you will. Meat and Masa.. you cannot really go wrong. I love all their combos that they offer.... I ate off the boyfriend's beef tamales and it was YUMMMMY!!  Another high point from the Scottsdale Farmer's Market
5	These are the best tamales I've ever had. I've had tamales from places that claimed to be the best in San Diego and So Cal and were highly rated on Yelp - those ones don't even compare.Though, I will be honest, I have only had the vegetarian varieties.  However, every tamale I have eaten is great there. What makes them different, is that their tamale is so moist and full of flavor, unlike most tamales I've had. They have a wide selection of vegetarian, vegan, and meat tamales.  My favorite tamale is the green corn and cream cheese.  Amazing!I get them whenever I go to the farmer's market in Phoenix or Scottsdale. You can also order ahead of time and pick up your order at the farmers market.
5	I heard once that you can't make good, moist tamales without lard, but that person was wrong. The Tamale Store makes theirs without lard, without shortening, and they're the best tamales I've ever eaten. You know how so many tamales disappoint and make you sad when you break your fork into them because they only hold a hint of something inside? That's not what these are like. These are packed with all kinds of stuff. Corn. Mushrooms. Spinach. And they're unbelievably moist. Even though the tamale store has meat-filled and vegetarian options, our meat-eating friends have fallen in love with the vegan tamales after we introduced them. We all insist they are the best tamales we've ever eaten. The Southwest Chipotle is the best of all. The cool thing is that you don't have to be near their location to get some. The Tamale Store has booths at Farmer's Markets all around the valley, most days of the week. You can check their site for the scheduled day in your city.
5	We went to the Phoenix Public Market just to look around since we've never gone to a farmer's market. All kinds of awesome things there, but I think the best find was the stand the Tamale Store was set up in. Not only do they not use lard in their tamales AND not only do they have vegetarian tamales, but they also have vegan tamales! Just had our first ones for supper - I got the vegan southwest tamales - with a dollop of tofutti sour cream & salsa and they are the best tamales I've ever had! The only problem I had was little bits of the paper stuck to the tamale, but it wasn't inconvenient enough to dock a star.
4	Great Authentic Tamales!  A friend discovered this place and spread the word in the Phoenix Vegan community that they actually make vegan and vegetarian tamales! They are very tasty and come in many varieties. They make your order fast and the staff are very friendly! Good food, Good price!
5	I've tasted plenty of tamales always searching for a great tasting one because I don't know how to make tamales myself. I almost gave up looking for a good tasting tamale's that  is until I came across "The Tamale Store", what a great find!!!!!! Every bite was soooo goooood"! The taste couldn't get any better. These tamales are everything a great tamale should be: soft, moist, corny, and packed full of great tasting ingredients. There's no skimping on these tamale's what a selection to choose from, the Tamale Store offers meat, vegan, vegetarian, and sweet tamales. You have to try the chicken with green chili, rice and cheese, incredible!!!!
5	even though getting the tamales is sometimes a pain, because they sell out so quickly...they are absolutely worth the wait. They are moist, delicious and made from fresh ingredients. So good, that they even serve them at blue agave.try the green chile and cream cheese and the red chile pork. Delish.
5	These tamales are soooo good and very affordable...they sell them in pairs for $4. I grab some every Weds at the local Farmers Market and I have been happy with them every time. They have a great selection of both meat/vegetarian and red/green chile. Also, I love how they are made without lard...not only are they delicious, they are healthy!
5	This review is for their tamales only.  I haven't been to this location, I bought mine at the Phoenix Public Market.OMG these are some of the best tamales I've ever had!!  I've tried the beef with red chile, the green chile chicken, the chicken chipotle and green chile corn cream cheese.  There was plenty of filling and you could even tell by looking at it, what it was filled with.  The taste was amazing, and spiced nicely.  They heat in 2 minutes in the microwave (I left them in the paper wrapper and corn husk) and they steamed inside to a perfect moist and hot tamale for your eating pleasure.  These tamales are exactly the way all tamales should be!I am happy to know I can buy these at the Mesa Farmers Market on Fridays without having to go all the way downtown.  You can be sure I'll stock up again!
5	OH MAH GAWD!Normally I don't *love* tamales because they are relatively dry, but when I saw The Tamale Store selling Tamales at the Downtown Public Market I just had to try one. They have three regular vegan options in addition to two dessert vegan options, and 5 vegetarian options.So, I decided to get a hot Southwest Chipotle and ate it at the market, and got an additional 6 frozen; a combo of Southwest Chipotle, Pumpkin, and Sweet Corn.Well, these tamales are freaking delicious. Incredibly moist and flavorful, but with very few ingredients, and you can pronounce all of them! Their website touts "We use only the freshest produce and extra lean meats. We never use lard or shortenings. We never use preservatives!!" It is OBVIOUSLY true.I love The Tamale Store!!!
4	[Solid 3.5 stars]Not your ordinary tamales.  These are large moist and fresh.  I first encountered them at the Phoenix Public Market on Saturdays and occasionally on First Fridays, with steamers full of a variety of tamale flavors to please the Vegan, Vegeterian and meat lover alike.  With fillings from traditional Pork Red Chile and Beef Red Chile to Spinach Mushroom, Shrimp, Chicken (red or green)  or my favorite Green Chile, Corn with Cream cheese.  You have to check out their menu of choices they always seem to have something new or seasonal.  They have them warm in steamers or frozen to take home for later.  [They defrost and reheat very well.  Reheat in the wrap or wrap a moist paper towel over the wrapped tamale to ensure it won't dry out.]A fan of their moist delicious fluffy masa, I am not a fan of the shrimp tamale I had and the tamale traditionalist part of me found that the Pork Red Chile had too much cumin for my flavor.  I can always count on the goodness of the Green Corn Tamale (Corn, green chile and cream cheese).When I forget to pick up a few on Saturday I can always find them in the freezer at Phoenix Public Market.
5	I was inspired by Michael's Review of the Day yesterday to write on Tamale Store, because quite frankly I haven't had any lately because we just exited the official Mexican tamale season AKA, the three months where every hispanic relative in the state makes gazillions of dryish to OK tamales and you have to eat them because you are related and they think theirs are the best on the planet, so you better tell them they are or they are going to smack you on the back of the head- season of good cheer.But back to the task at hand. Tamale store. We were introduced to them at the begining of last year on a day trip up to Payson, where we noticed they had just started up a Farmer's Market in the Chili's parking lot on Highway as you enter town. Heck yes, we decided to stop. Lots of great stuff there, you should definitely check it out, but most notably were the tamales! I claim tamale tasting expertise based on the 27 years of consumption,and yes these are Fantastic. I became a rabid fan of their green corn, red beef, chicken chipotle. And I will never pass up any opportunity to buy these scrumptious moist delicacies.Beside the amazing tamales, the staff is INCREDIBLE. They taste out their tamales to everyone that wants some, and bags up the orders with a true awesome love for what they do. They are very helpful and informative for the tamale retarded and find the flavor that you are going to love. They have veggie and vegan options which are great. And they sell out fast. The girl told me later in the season on another visit, that they always sell out in Payson, so if you go to this market, head to this booth early. They drive up from Cave Creek, so what they have for that day is IT.Don't pass this place up.Oh, P.S. In case you were wondering....way WAY better than anything my family made this "tamale season"  (luckily none of them have any clue what Yelp means)
5	We absolutely love these tamales! You cant go wrong with any of them. For over a year we searched for whose tamales we tried at a farmers market. Then a friend told me that is had to be the tamale stores because that is who she gets hers threw and were the same cream cheese tamales we were talking about. Thank Heavens for her!!! We have a stock pile in our freezers! They are always so fresh, the taste is unlike any others, and i never was a tamale person until now!!! Every chance we get we find out what market they are at and restock our freezer. We eat them atleast once a week :) AMAZING!!!! You must try them!
5	My quest for the perfect tamale is over. I've found it at The Tamale Store, and I'm here to Yelp about it.The tamales have a perfect masa (outter corn dough, not to be confused with the corn husk) to filling ratio. Often times I find that there is too much masa, but these achieve a perfect balance in each bite. The masa is moist but not mushy and absolutely scrumptious, but not too salty. Did I mention they were moist? Usually, tamales have me reaching for a glass of water to help ease the dryness down my throat, but these were perfection!I had the green chile pork and chicken mole tamales, both of which were evenly shredded and seasoned well. I honestly can't see how you could go wrong with either of these, so if you're like me and fear a disappointing meal when it comes to a food favorite, try these first and then venture out in future visits. And you WILL be back for future visits :)
4	I like how you can buy assorted tamales by the dozen.
4	I have actually never been to the store - however, my boyfriend and I frequent the Phoenix Open Market specifically for these tamales.He's a vegetarian and I'm pescatarian - when it comes to tamales, we are almost always super limited in our options. We had TONS of options and every single one we tried was amazing. We actually didn't use a steamer - we just heated them up in the microwave and they turned out just as good as the ones we purchased hot at the stand!We've tried:Cream Cheese and MushroomGreen Corn Cream CheeseBean and CheeseThey were all AMAZING. I really don't love frozen foods/quick meals, but I fell in love with these so much that we'd often make side dishes to go with the tamales as our main entree.The only reason I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5 is because they never seemed to have any vegan options at the stand, and my boyfriend was pretty interested in trying some of those out.
5	There's no contest, these are the BEST tamales!
5	The tamales are outstanding. I've had many tamales over the years and there was always plenty of masa and very little filling......NOT at The Tamale Store. The tamales are meaty, substantial and delicious. I look forward to the fall so I can try the sweet tamales.We are having family over for dinner next Sunday and will be stopping here to pick up tamales.
4	The tamales are decent...not as good as mi amigo's wife makes them, but the prices are way too high.  $2 a piece or $20 a dozen is the highest in Phoenix.
5	Just picked up a 1/2 dozen of these at the downtown Chandler farmers market.  I was a little hesitant because of the price, but they were worth every penny.  Not to mention that they are about 1 1/2 times the size of the average tamale.  Tried the poblano and jack cheese so far and can't wait to try the others.  I will definately go back and pick up some more soon.
5	Best tamales I've ever had. I tried the chicken and green chile, the chicken was tender, juicy, full of flavor, and was all white meat. Highly recommend this place!
5	Yummy is all I can say.   My husband had never really experienced great tamales.   He had the usual dried out bland tamale, not at The TAMALE STORE.   It was the Saturday before Christmas and they were basically sold out.   We bought the 3 options they had, Red (hot) pork, Green Pork and the green corn.   WOW, the green corn are now going to be a favorite.   We used our rice cooker to steam them and made rice at the same time.   AMAZING.   We can't wait to go back and get more flavors.    Thank you so much!!!
5	The absolute best tamale I've ever had.  I just enjoyed the pork and green chile.  The pork was so tender and juicy, and the masa delicious.  Cannot wait to try the others!
4	The Tamale Store makes some of the best tamales around!  Finally got a chance to try them at the local farmers market and have been hooked since.  With guests coming for Christmas, I decided to purchase some tamales for some holiday snacking.  We got a variety of flavors and all were marvelous.  We particularly enjoyed the pork red chili and the chicken green chili.  I love how much meat they pack into these babies as well as the soft masa, which is full of flavor.The Tamale Store is surely my go-to place for a fabulously convenient and tasty tamale!
4	Great experience.  I ordered mini tamales for a party with a short (2 day) turn around.  The service was perfect and the tamales were delicious.  $12/dozen for the minis.  I picked them up hot.  They stayed hot for about 2 hours (I wrapped the tray in towels to keep before serving.) Everyone loved them.  The masa was had a nice corn taste, and did not have lard so my vegetarian guests were able to eat them.   The mini tamales are a great size for a party as you can eat a couple and try different versions.  Thanks, Tamale Store!
5	The Chicken green chile tamale is lights out. I've had some of the others but that one is by far the best. The owner's daughter is also lights out. Super cute. Call me maybe?
5	Growing up in a Hispanic family I have consumed very many tamales in my lifetime. I have had big ones, small ones, dry ones.. You get the idea. I've never had the perfect tamale until.. Now. The search is over, folks. Let me just tell you that these tamales are like manna from Heaven. So many options to choose from-whether you are vegetarian, vegan or gluten free there is something for everyone. My personal favorite is the black bean cilantro.I salute you Tamale Store.
5	We first encountered these wonderful tamales at the Scottsdale Farmer's market. The Tamale Store has the best tamales I've tasted since I have lived in Phoenix, and I am no rookie to Mexican food. I have literally purchased dozens of these and transported them to California in an ice chest for Christmas Eve dinner. Their masa is lard free, so I have no clue how they get the masa so light and flavorful. They usually have about 20 different kinds, including vegan and dessert tamales. And the people here are so nice! You can call in your order, but try to get there by 4:30 - they keep early hours. Pick up a menu.....you won't be able to decide, so just buy whatever sounds good. They freeze well until you are ready to make a sauce, toss a salad, and call a few friends.
5	Went there for the first time today and was extremely happy. Food was excellent and the lady who helped us was very nice.
5	I give 5 stars for excellence in their quality of food, flavor, variety, affordability, service and customer service. I just found this shop on yelp on a look out for something new to try out in this neighborhood. Their staff is very helpful in assisting during order placement. Tamales can be picked up as soon as they are ready. If you call ahead, they can tell you when your fav ones are going to be ready. We tried the southwest chipotle and green corn with cream cheese. Let me tell you, if you have a thing for spicy foods go for the southwest chipotle.  100% vegan, full of spice & flavor and nowhere else to be found. We will definitely be back!
5	Love this place get the pumpkin you will never want pie again
4	Awesome, friendly people and really great tamales! Would be five stars if I could eat there, as everything is take and bake.
5	I first discovered these delicious tamales at the Farmers Market on Cactus and the 51.   After trying the Chicken and Green Chili tamale, I was hooked. I now regularly buy tamales each week when I'm at the farmers market.    The chicken chipotle is hands down my favorite tamale they make! Perfect amount of spice and is great when you top it with goat cheese.   These tamales are a taste of heaven! Not to mention guilt & gluten free!
5	The place is very small but it's staffed with very energetic people. They have a massive list of tamales that can be pre-ordered(highly recommended) or take your chances with ordering what their making when you arrive. We arrived at 3pm on the Monday before X-Mas and there were 20+people waiting for tamales. We finally got a chance to order and we were lucky enough to get a half dozen of red pork and half dozen green chicken. They were fresh out of the steamer. They are big and fresh and delicious! If you love tamales, I would highly recommend this place!
5	I ordered my annual Holiday tamale order from here this year. I was very happy I found this spot. The tamales are huge and they have tons of varieties. I loved how I could submit my order right online. The quality and service is on point.
5	These people literally saved Christmas - ok, maybe just Christmas Eve, and maybe just dinner, but it was a really big deal, nonetheless.  First, the critical information: the tamales are delicious!!  They're not cheap ($28/dozen), which is totally fair because they're made without lard and taste incredible.  We had a dozen green corn chiles and just ate the last ones last night - yum!  Can't wait to taste their other flavors!!Next, a compliment on availability: through a series of schedule changes and misunderstandings, our Christmas Eve tamale order fell through and I had to scramble at the last minute.  This place was open on Christmas Eve day, and the lovely people who run it were pleasant when answering the phone, and truly friendly and welcoming to all of us who lined up right out the door. Genuinely, my family and I are grateful!!
5	PRO: Their store is a mile from my door. Stuuu-pendous!CON: I wasn't aware of them until now. Reee-gretable!
5	BLACK BEAN CILANTRO TAMALE.Best tamale I've ever had, and I'm an Arizona native from a consistent tamale-making family(don't tell them I said dis)...Bought them from the farmers market on a whim, I eat vegetarian but decided to try the vegan options since they sounded good. So far have only had the black bean, but I've got a mushroom, corn spinach one that is in my freezer currently tempting my gut. Can't wait to try some other options, the convenience of the farmers market is perfect! I bought frozen, but could only imagine how amazing fresh. BUY DEEZ TAMALES
4	Bought some today at the Gilbert Farmers market. I had to try one as soon as I got home and they are delicious. Four minutes in the microwave and boom they are hot and fresh. Love that every bite had the filling, nothing worse then  the filling only being in the very center. got 1/2 dozen of green chili pork and chicken chipotle.
5	I love me some tamales from The Tamale Store.  They are absolutely delicious.  We always go and pick up a couple dozen, some to eat while we are here and some to take home to Chicago.  Our favorites are Green Corn and Cream Cheese, Poblano and Cheese, and Chicken and Green Chile.  Don't get me wrong, we love them all but those are our must haves!!  The family that owns the store are very friendly and helpful.  We return time and time again and always get great food!  I wasn't really a tamale fan before having them at The Tamale Store.  Go give them a try, you won't be sorry!
5	To compare with another tamale place that I used to frequent, this place wins based on the tamales. Their tamales here are good, the masa is perfect texture and isn't too dry. They sell a few of them hot during any given day. They sell all of theirs frozen everyday, pending not getting sold out.Only thing which is a little upsetting, is that it isn't a restaurant. There is only a small sitting area to wait. If you get your food you get it to go. Also, it's tamales only, no real sides to get with your food. I wish they had more, but for what they are 5 stars. I love some good tamales.Their hours are reminiscent of them not being a restaurant.
5	I wish I could give this place 10 stars! I love tamales, BUT I am very picky that they not be too dry.  These tamales are AMAZING.  I've tried most of the tamales, but look forward to getting there and seeing which ones are fresh.  So far my favorite are the Red Beef, but I love all of them.  I prefer that they are all take out because I like that they focus only on tamales.  if they became a restaurant, I imagine they would start adding all kinds of other items.  Tamales are difficult to find AND good ones are even harder to find.  I am grateful to YELP for turning me on to this great place.
5	Literally the best tamales I have ever stuffed in my face (no joke). I will definitely be going back.
5	I love tamales, so when I saw this place on Yelp, I knew I had to try it. The draw for me, besides the rating, was the selection - several types of tamales including a couple vegetarian, vegan, and dessert options. There's something for everyone! Their website also boasts, "NO lard, shortening, gluten, preservatives, MSG, soy, trans fats, high fructose corn syrup, or junk here." Fabulous!You can place an order via telephone, e-mail, or form on their website. I really like the convenience of the electronic options and it ensures there's no miscommunication on your order. They recommend placing your order within 24-48 hours. I placed mine a day in advance and everything went very smoothly. I used e-mail and received a prompt response.The interaction at the store was just as painless as the ordering process. The store was easy to find with the large "TAMALES" on the plaza's street sign. It's a cute shop with a counter and comfortable seating. It took a couple minutes to locate our order in the back, then we paid and that was it! The tamales are sold in sets of two, sealed, and labeled. I was really impressed with the packaging! We ordered two dozen and they were frozen for pick-up, which was great. Prices: Pack (2) is $5.50, 1/2 Dozen is $16, and 1 Dozen is $28. You're obviously getting the better deal with the dozen. The price difference is not vast (42 cents per tamale between the pack and dozen costs), but for each dozen, that's $5 in savings!Heating instructions: Microwave frozen tamale wrapped in damp paper towel for four minutes (with wax paper and corn husk intact) OR steam frozen tamale for 35-40 minutes on medium heat (with wax paper and corn husk intact). I used the microwave option and it worked perfectly!The moment of truth: How do they taste? Well, I'm sure you already guessed from my five-star rating that I'm in love. THEY'RE AMAZING! We started with the Pork Red Chile, which I was most excited since I LOVE adobada sauce and it exceeded my expectations. The masa is moist and very flavorful, all their meats (chicken, beef, pork) are tender, and the amount of sauce is perfect. Oh my gosh, the FLAVOR!! We also had Chicken Chipotle, Chicken Green Chile, Beef Red Chile, Tex-Mex, and Poblano Chiles & Monterey Jack. We really liked the flavor of the Chicken Chipotle and there's a little kick. Their chile verde is so, so good! I can't believe I missed Chicken Mole on the menu, so that's on my list for the next order! Favorites: Pork Red Chile, Chicken Green Chile, and Chicken Chipotle. I REALLY like the red chile, so I'm sure all the meat options taste great in it. I didn't care for the Tex-Mex one, so I'd pass on that.I will definitely be ordering more tamales during my future trips to Arizona! Oh yes, they traveled the 300 miles well and we are still enjoying them.
5	This place is quickly becoming my secret obsession!  Love me these tamales!! The chicken mole is an absolute must when they have it.
1	This business makes me mad every time. I've called 4 different times placed orders 3 times and the 4 was told they had plenty of ALL their tamales. Drove all they way their on my way home from Scottsdale to laveen. And they are ALWAYS closed early even though I had called an hour earlier and placed an order. And the time I made it in before they randomly close shop after being told they had plenty of ALL their tamales every item I asked for they were out of.
1	We were big fans of the Tamale Store for a while. The vegetarian tamales were almost like a rite of passage through every farmer's market we've been at - Ahwatukee, Downtown Phoenix, Chandler & Gilbert. They have always been masa-heavy but the salt and spice in the masa is just right that the flavors come off well. But since 2008, we feel like the size and quality have been going downhill. Today we bought half dozen, and four of them were incredibly dry and crumbly, and the other two were not because they were cheese-based. The outside looked like they had been sitting open for days, so there was a dried out layer that I mistook for husk. Also, we bought some frozen to take home after a long time, but I just noticed "natural flavors" in the ingredient list. Not quite the small home-style vendor anymore, eh?   That is the end of our affair, Tamale Store!
4	Great tamales.  Chicken mole is a must have.
2	One week before Christmas and already out of beef tamales.  Forget your holiday tamales, folks.They're not taking orders by phone (so says their website). So I drove to their storefront on Cave Creek this morning.  Give me 3 dozen red chile beef.  Already out.  Ok, give me the red chile pork as an alternate.  Already out of that too.  Guys, it's Christmas.  Most people want the traditional.  The other restaurant I drove to after leaving The Tamale Store had the traditional red chile beef so I bought there.  I will buy there next time, too, because I don't have time to waste with The Tamale Store.
4	Amazing people. Brilliant classic and unexpected combinations. Worth the effort to call ahead and order. Worth waiting in line when it's busy. Worth finding this hidden gem. You might even get a warm batch - and yes, I ate them in the car before getting home. Salsa is darn good. T-Shirts are fun. Seasonal flavors are tasty. All in all a great find. It's the tamale reinvented!
5	Got my Christmas tamales here, first time ordering, not the last!Sampled many types, all were good, all had their own merrits.  EVERYONE's favorite was the green chili chicken tamales, for me a close second were the chicken mole followed by the green chili pork and the poblana chilis and Monterey Jack.  My biggest complaint about most tamales is the excruciating lack of filling, but not from The Tamale Store!  These are big tamales with big filling.  Trust me and get your tamales here.
