3	Small, compact aquariums and petting the baby sharks and rays are very cool.  Also the underwater viewing, where it feels you are in a sunken ship, looking out into the sea and the sharks are impressive. Go through it in an hour.  $13
4	What a refreshing respite from the gaudy artificial loudness of the rest of the city.  Sure, any major aquarium puts this place to shame in terms of size and scope, but still... there was a nice variety of marine life on display, along with a reasonably informed and friendly staffer answering questions in the main (stingray-petting) room.And dang, the jellyfish tank... those things are both freakish and hauntingly beautiful!So, yeah, it initially pained me to pay $16 or so for this relatively compact tourist attraction, but it was a delightfully soothing -- and quite informative -- way to spend two hours on the strip.
1	don't be a sucker...an hour walk for one nurse shark.
4	A little pricey and quite the trek from the main lobby, but some really neat exhibits.  The kids loved it (under 10).  There is one round aquarium with just jellyfish, you can walk around and see in from all around - it is the neatest thing to watch, mesmerizing.  They have an open pool where you can actually touch sting-ray-like animals.  Of course, you have to exit by walking through the gift shop and they'll try to sell you some pictures they took of you when you walked in - some cute things but expensive a la Las Vegas.
3	If you have a spare 30 minutes, and haven't seen this type of thing before, this overpriced tourist attraction is worth it. Walk through a tunnel with fish swimming over your head. See brightly lit jellyfish.
5	Great oceanic escape in the middle of the desert.  Wonderful place for the whole family.  Goes to show there is quality entertainment for all ages in Sin City.  Discounts for local residents too!!!
2	$16 for a 20 minute walk through a small aquarium just wasn't really worth it.  They didn't even have that many sharks to look at, or that many varieties of sharks for that matter.  Some cool fish and such, but I can't say it was really worth my time and money.  I'd much rather go to the Dallas World Aquarium.
3	The best part of the entire thing, for me, was seeing the sea turtles in the final tank... where it feels like you're in a sunken ship.  I like the theme it had, but as far as aquariums go it wasn't anything special.  We paid for admission through a discount package bought over at The Luxor which included admission to an IMAX movie, their corny ass motion simulator "ride film", the king tut recreation museum, and shark reef.The self guided audio tour is pretty cool,. but they talk about a Tiger shark with these massive teeth... I figured that'd be the coolest shark to see.  No go... didn't see a damn one, despite spending almost half an hour just in that section listening to the audio information while starring out at the fish.  Sure it was a bit more worth it than the Dolphin Experience over at the Mirage and the same price, but nothing exciting if you're not overly excited about your typical aquarium.
4	Another stop on our aquariums on the Strip tour. The way the Shark Reef is decorated is quite nice actually. We didn't use the audio self-guided tour because we're lazy like that. I'm sure it was informative.There's more than just sharks. There's also some interesting fish (like piranhas) and reptiles. It's not the best exhibit we've ever been to, but it was pretty fun for us. We like aquariums and the like. It gets really crowded at the shark exhibit but presumably that's what everyone's there for.
3	I visited two yrs ago and personally thought it was ok, not the best aquarium but definitely not the worst. It's fun and if you have some time to burn and since you are already in Mandalay, it's worth a shot. $16 is steep but then again, everything is pricey in Vegas.
4	I thought that tunnels in the aquarium were pretty damn cool. Of course it's not the best aquarium ever, but for a small space in Vegas, I think they've done pretty well. The first afternoon we walked by this place and the line was at least 50-60 people deep, so we came back on a Sunday afternoon and just walked right in.The first part is kinda cool, sorta jungle meets rainforest, if you will. After you walk through that section, you get to the bigger fishies and sharks. I really love those huuuuge tanks, the ones where you can see fish all around you, above and below.Not too shabby, vegas!!!
3	small aquarium, but it's not too pricey. it has a cool tunnel where you can see the teeth of the shark. pretty cool to be able to see a shark in the middle of the desert!
4	It's a rare thing to visit an aquarium centralized in the middle of a desert, as most critiques will portray, but it's another to make it a learning experience intertwined with entertainment.From the electronic tour guides (they're like little phones) to the vast variety of animal life to even the ambience noises occuring around every corner, hidden within the decor, the brief stay with my niece (who suffers from Selachophobia - fear of sharks - never knew there was a name for it, myself) was highly valuable.  4 and under enter for free, and as a local, I enjoyed a discount ticket price, myself.Bottom line:  Love this aquarium!
3	This place costs alittle too much for the size of the place. It was very nice and enjoyable but it took like 10min to walk around and your completely done. You'll get to see sharks , giant(ninja turtle sized) turtles, jellyfish and more. There is a little area where you get to touch the stingrays. It's cool if you are into aquarium's.
3	This is cool for kids - give them something educational while on vacation.  I went when it wasn't busy, so I went through the whole place in about 20 minutes. For the price of admission, that was expensive! I guess they usually expect a line of people and crowds right next to the glass. So if you're standing around waiting your turn to get next to the glass, it would take you 40 minutes to see everything.
4	A really nice aquarium.  The biggest part of it is enjoyed from one of those moving sidewalks while the fish swim around you.  My kids love those types of aquariums because it puts you in the underwater world with the sealife and makes you feel a part of it.  They had a large assortment of fish to enjoy too! There was also a touch pool to enjoy and several other cool experiences to bring kids closer to the underwater world. Located in the Mandalay Bay Resort and casino, you will have to seek this place out.  It's located back behind the area where all of the casino's restaurants are.Check it out:http://www.mandalaybay.com/entertainment/sharkreef.aspx
5	I loved it!They had awesome predators on display, which made this aquarium stand out for me...So many sharkies!Pirahnas!Oh my!!
3	Overpriced, a bit too small for what you pay, and way too many people leaving children unattended.The animals they have in this reef are beautiful. The atmosphere is nice as well. Not a big fan of the annoying little cell-phone like things they give you to carry around. Too many people brought like a million children and let them run around unsupervised, which ruined the experience a bit.  My boyfriend and I may try going again sometime late at night when there's less likely to be kids around.A bonus though, if you are a CCSD employee you are allowed to get in free with your badge and bring one guest free. So my bf and I didn't end up having to pay anything for the experience. My comment about the lack of value is more for the paying customers. At 15 or so per adult (I don't remember EXACT price) it's much too short-lived.
3	I think it was expensive for what it was, cause it cost almost as much as Sea World in San Diego, but its much less than 1/3 the size. The exhibit in and of it self is interesting exotic and worth checking out, I would give more stars if the price wasn't so high. Lots of different wild life and educational.
5	What a diamond in the rough! We absolutely LOVED the aquarium. It's on par with Baltimore, Mystic or any other large-scale aquarium. What's cool is that it includes an audio tour, and I learned quite a lot - especially considering I am a aquarium nut. It's a bit out of the way, but a nice welcome respite from the casinos.
4	Came by this place because I had time to kill. Watched Mama Mia at The Mandalay so I figured this would be sort of fun. As far as admission goes, its not that bad. I mean what more can you expect for an aquarium at a casino in the desert. The Shark Reef does have a huge variety of fish including piranhas, stingrays, and of course sharks. The overall layout of the reef is pretty neat. Its done in an old Aztec theme, and as you move farther along the reef, you get deeper into the ocean, per say.  The coolest part would be the final destination, the "pirate ship." There is a plethora of various fish and whatnot and its just an overall amazing look at how much water they can fit there. I'm not an avid enthusiast of aquariums, but I had a good time. As far as time wise, it probably took about 45 min - 1 hour to breeze through it. They do give you one of those self tour phone thingys, so that helps pass the time too.
3	We had a nice time at the Reef.It is quite a walk, but you do go by the Mandalay beach (quite scenic)It is a rather small area for the price....but then again, you are helping to keep an ocean environment alive in the middle of the desert. A unique concept......The river recreations are excellentThe Jellyfish tank makes you feel like you are deep in the ocean.It was my favorite - a total zen experience watching them float through deep space.....The shark views are OKThere is an electronic listening device you get upon entering....provides you information about the exhibits.[ most people are not using them ]There is a small touch pool where you can feel a small shark and some sting rays. The rays feel like a soft rug.....A nice intresting way to spend some time away from the bustle of the casino.You can get through this exhibit in 10 minutes .... but spend some extra time looking - it is relaxing ...
2	It was REALLY small for the price. We got free tickets so we weren't too beat up about it. The electronic earpieces they give you with the audio tour are a little redundant. It's more fun just to look at the fish.Having recently visited the Long Beach Aquarium, I was a little disappointed with what this tourist attraction had to offer. It took us no more than 20 minutes to experience the whole thing, after ditching our audio tour after about ten minutes. The pirahnas were cool, but not eating anything or being voracious. Petting rays is nothing new, but still always fun.The best was leaning up against the glass and feeling almost as if I would fall in the shipwreck area!Don't expect to be able to take photos-- without flash it's far too dark, but with flash you can't tell there's fish behind you!The worst part is how remote this attraction is.... it's way way way in the back of the hotel, and it's at least a ten minute walk from the parking lot. But you do get to walk past some of the hotel's nicest restaurants.I think I wish I got free tickets to Mamma Mia! instead or something. But, it's unfair to look a gift horse in the mouth. I'm glad I checked it out.
5	Had to kill time to wait for the buffet to open for dinner, so we went to the Shark Reef!! When we went to the ticket booth, they had admission to the reef and buffet meal packages-SCORE!!!!Surprisingly, the place was awesome!! Really cool tanks with lots and lots of types of fishes (AND A LOT OF HUGE FISHES), SHARKS and even a Kimono Dragon!! (not sure if I spelled that right)The kids enjoyed touching the sting rays which many aquariums have, BUT I HAVE NEVER SEEN  TWO SEA TURTLES GOING AT IT!! THEY WERE MATING EVEN WHILE THEY SWAM!! It was like nature and sex ed all at once!! It was hilarious listening to parents explain what they were doing!!! I will never forget that!!
3	My companion would have given this 5 stars, but he doesn't get a vote, and he's a total shark/water geek (we also had to see the IMAX Deep sea)  All in all, it was pretty awesome, and i'm sure that if you have kids, this is a pretty neat thing to take them too.  If you get a bulk pass, you can do either 3, 5, or 7 (?) different things to do between luxor and mandalay - it made it worth the money for the two of us to do a few of the things.
1	1 kudos for the animals. But don't even bother with the place....1)you get a recorder (fyi: unsanitary) as your guide 2)its super small with no room to breath 3)not worth $15 (even with student discount) with such a small exhibit 4)Only thing you can touch are the stingless sting rays but all the kids are in the way of that...so good luck to you! Save your time and money and use it towards going to some bomb buffets in vegas!!!
5	I really enjoyed the Aquarium here. I dragged my boyfriend over here and we thought it was not only fun, but, also educational. The audio tour was very informative and the staff working here was very knowledgable. I got to touch a stingray, so I was happy :) Plus they have a tank of jellyfish (which are my favorite). Additionally the information booklet they give you on the exhibition focuses on conservation and sustianability. Give is a shot, it's fun, educational and (actually) cheap!
3	I'm from the bay area so i'm spoiled by the monterey bay aquarium but it was my little brother's birthday and he really wanted to see the sharks (he's 21 not 12)... anyways I gotta say it was better than I thought it would be from the yelp reviews.  Yes it's small but they have this huge turtle which was awesome.Here's the scoop... buy the buffett + ticket combo... it ends up being like $10 for the aquarium which is more like what it's worth
5	I dont understand the low reviews of this place. It was awesome! My bf and I loved it on our recent trip to LV. We went to Mandalay Bay and ate at Burger Bar and then went down to the Shark Reef. It was great! Got awesome pics and video of it. They have alot of exhibits, and a stingray touch tank and even glass tunnels you walk through with sharks, sea turtles and many exotic fish swimming all around. We really enjoyed it and would return in the future. A must see if you are in LV.
5	I don't understand the bad reviews of this place.  Yes the green screen picture they make you take in the beginning can be annoying but it's a tourist location so they're gonna try to make money every chance they get.  You don't have to buy the picture if you don't want to.  The shark reef was a lot of fun especially since the reef is a cylinder and so you can even see the fish above your head.  There were plenty of small sharks to see as well as a lot of other types of fish and even a tank where you can touch stingrays.  I know people are complaining about the price but there really isn't a whole lot you can do in Las Vegas with only a measly fifteen dollars.
5	BEST $17 DOLLARS SPENT IN LAS VEGAS. For all the mediocre and overpriced food and smoke-filled "resorts" on the Vegas strip, the best bang for your buck lives at Mandalay Bay. I asked to bypass the tourist picture by the front door, because I know I won't buy it, and I also ignored the little plastic recorder that tells you information about each exhibit. Proceed to enjoy staring at the sleeping komodo dragon (so cute!), lots of funny-looking fish, and a variety of sharks and sea turtles. (I added my pictures to this Yelp listing, they are really, really cute animals here.)Even got to stare at a bunch of scary-looking piranha -- why did THAT exhibit have an open top? For bad little boys to be appropriately punished when they jump into the exhibit? Petting the rays at the end was fun, as was watching the jellyfish swim around the tank. Again, I just have to reiterate, this was the BEST $17 dollars spent on the Vegas strip. You can lose $17 to two bottles of water, or absorb hours of interesting fish at Shark Reef.
5	Who would've known there was so much fun to be had and seen before 12am in Vegas?!?The aquarium was an unexpected treat.  Very cool layout with staff all around to answer questions.  The self guided audio tour was a perfect way to learn about all the creatures lurking throughout.  Sharks, sea turtles, an ivory crocodile, jellies, an octopus (my personal fave), stingrays, and a plethora of other amazing fish.They'll even let you take in your orange grey goose/tonic, Monterey Bay Aquarium would Never do that.(coupon in the visitor book in every cab in town)
3	I love aquariums. I always make sure that I visit any aquarium I can when I'm in a specific area. While the Mandalay Bay Shark Reef ain't a great aquarium, it's a nice something different on the Strip. The way the place is laid-out is actually very much unlike most aquariums, but it allows for a lot of people to pass through and for folks to get a good look. There were all sorts of docent-types around to answer questions, which was a nice touch. They've got some real crowd-pleasers, especially the Octopus who was playing in some sort of clear tube when I was there. There was the awesome Sea Turtle and the Croc was awesome! I missed the Kimodo though. It's not a great aquarium, but with all the coupons and deals around, it's a value and a half.
4	Absolutely amazing. An excellent value for the money. It is a pretty large attraction -- much bigger than I expected for being inside a hotel. They had a Komodo Dragon which I've always wanted to see. Also, two different aquariums that you could walk through and see sharks swimming overhead. I am a big fan of aquariums and this ranks up there with the best I've seen. A must-see in Vegas.
5	This was really cool! Boo for the area with the misters though! Humidity=bleah! But most of the exhibit is air conditioned and dry so I survived ;) Fish in every shape and every size! They have stingrays that you can pet, although I wasn't brave enough to give that one a try. The jelly fish are gigantic! The turtle is even more gigantic! My personal favorite were the sharks roaming about. There are two "tunnels" of glass where you are actually under the aquarium so you have a great view all around.
5	My boyfriend took me here because I LOVE wildlife. My family calls me a hippy/eco warrior. Anyways, the charge was 18 dollars a piece which was fine... I realize they have animals to take care of. They take pictures of you when you come in that they try to sell to you for Disneyland-type pricing, but we passed on that offer. Anyways, the aquarium is set up by station... you get a hand held device that you put to your ear to listen to each exhibit explanation. I really loved getting to see the animals up close, they are sooo beautiful. Towards the end there is a room you can pet sting rays and other small creatures. Beyond that is the huge room with all the big sharks and sea turtles! I was so excited to see all of them. We must have stayed in that room forever!! I totally recommend going here while you are in vegas to escape the smoke for a while and learn about sea creatures. I plan on going back next time I'm there.
5	still love this place! last time we visited we went just before close which is a good idea, less crowd. but i could really linger here in the different alcoves for hours, and hours...one thing i don't care for is the tank with the rays. they obviously don't like to be touched, it seems kinda cruel :[ my only other complaint is that you used to be able to watch "shark tv" in your room. now it's just one big infomercial, with a huge advertising banner, WHACK!!! we used to leave it on all the time, like our own personal aquarium and make up skits for the fishies, lol. but i digress, it's cheap, it's soothing, it's educational...i still likey very much!
4	Stopped here on a Friday afternoon. Wasn't too busy. There were only a few exhibits where we weren't immediately able to get up close to the glass the take a peek at the creatures. Enjoyed seeing all the sharks. Also got to pet a couple of stingray's and a crab. I thought it was very reasonably priced at $16 bucks. Pretty cheap compare to other vegas attractions! I'd recommend it.
4	I've been here twice.  Both times it was very crowded, in fact way too crowded.  It's really a fascinating exhibit, but they should limit the number of people allowed to enter at a time.  With the crowds, it's hard to get up close to the glass to see the really cool stuff.  The sharks and jellyfish were my favorites.  It's reasonably priced at around $16.  I prefer the Shark Reef over the dolphin habitat at the Mirage, although it's pretty cool too.If you're never checked out the Shark Reef Aquarium, do yourself a favor and try it.  I think you'll have a good time.
4	the main reason why i came here was to see the Komodo Dragon..it's endangered and said to be the largest species of lizards.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_PVqHUwjev4oOXomC7pk3w?select=C9T6M7XCHhmVOg1OE4ZlmQthe day i went here it was not crowded..its a reasonable price to get in for a small aquarium.  they give you a remote to punch in the numbers of whatever exhibit your at and it tells you information about it.  I only used it for the 1st two which was on the  Crocodile and the Komodo dragon.Once i got to the fish..i was just in aw to see them..i didnt care for the info on them.  this aquarium has a variety of fish..from pretty to ugly to big and small.  they also have stingrays, jellyfish, an octopus, a few turtles, and of course sharks! i liked the tube tunnel thing where its like they are all swimming around you..this is a great place to chill out for a while from the casinos.
2	I was a bit disappointed because I expected a lot more. The best part was towards the end. It was pretty cool. I had a good time but I probably wouldn't come back a second time to look at it again.
4	For $16 dollars, walk into a world of sunken temples and pirate ships inside the Mandalay.The creators of this awesome aquarium got it right when they created the humid and tropical climate of the jungles of the Amazon.  Upon one's first steps into the exhibit, one is enveloped in a humid warmth, and the sound of jungle life fools the senses. Here a unique assortment of species such as the rare golden alligator, the water monitor, and the arapaima gigas (fish that can grow to 14ft) can be viewed through glass displays.  Often, one can virtually be right next to them and see them up close, through the glass.Once you have passed the tank of ravenous piranhas, the aquarium's glass walls rise at least 15 feet, and within its enclosures one can see a wowing display of ocean life.  Tropical fish such as large, friendly-looking puffers, angel fish, multi-colored tang, and graceful sting-rays provide an entertaining display.The second room in the aquarium is my favorite, as there is a touch pool where people can get up close and personal with some of the marine life.  Tiny rays, sharks, and horse shoe crabs move about in the shallow pool, and you can reach into the water and "pet" them.  In addition, I love to watch the jellyfish floating about in an etheral lavender light, looking almost like silk blown about by breezes.The final room of the habitat is the Shark Reef.  a unique aquarium that makes the visitor feel as though they are deep sea diving, and have come upon a shipwreck with sunken treasure aboard.  One is surrounded by glass, and a plethora of underwater sea life.  Nurse sharks, sand sharks, large rays and seat turtles, residing in a world of sand and coral, float around and above you.  In the glass tunnel, one can get an incredible up-close view of the sharks.
5	I simply loved walking through this.  You are provided a headset if you want detailed info about each exhibit or simply walk around and take it in for yourself.  It's cute, with tropical decor (think ancient temple), very clean, well maintained and nice.  They have a few open tanks with large lizards, croc, piranhas etc.  Those were fun and interesting to see.  Especially if you haven't been to the zoo lately and large watching animals in general.Then there are the large tanks, ending with a huge area that is decorated as a dark interior of a ship.  From sharks, to turtles, beautiful fish.  It's great just to sit and enjoy the large aquarium.  It was not crowded but had a decent amount of people, that made it easy to see everything and great to walk through.It isn't huge but I loved it!
4	Pleasantly surprised. Well put together, and having audiosets included in the admission price was very good. Glad we went early in the day, the queue when we left was looooooonnnng.
3	Ehhh, its definitely one of those things you do just once to check it out. I guess I had such huge expectations. My main complaint is that overall this place is not really that big. It's almost like 3 or 4 main rooms and you're pretty much done. It is a nice place to bring kids if you have any, or bring your g/f like me to just past the time and have something to do. If you like taking pictures of animals then this is a place for you since you can take pretty up close pictures of the sharks, fish, turtles, etc. And I do have to admit that the stingray "petting zoo" pool was kinda fun lol.2 works of advice, try to score a deal if you come to this place cause I'm sure there are coupons around so you can avoid paying full price like I did. Also don't come here too late in the afternoon cause the line goes on forever. We got here around noon or 1 and the line was pretty decent but when we left around 3 or so the line was damn near to the other side of the hotel and I think they do limit on how many people they let it at a time.
4	This place is pretty cool. Going on a Thursday afternoon the place was packed with families and kid tour groups which was kind of annoying. They have a touch pool which allows you to touch stingrays and crabs. My favorite were the jellyfish which are in darkened tank so that you can see their bioluminescence. It was awesome. I also like the part where you walk though the tunnel like in Jaws; it was a little disappointing though b/c it wasn't as long as I thought. Overall the aquarium was cool but did seem a little short after walking through it. For those that live in Dallas, I would save my money and check out the  Vegas one versus the Dallas World Aquarium which sucks!
1	Typical overpriced tourist trap. Anyone who has ever been to Sea World will be disappointed. Skip it.
4	i thought this place was gonna be kinda lame and overpriced, but it's actually not too bad. per some of the other comments here, please, don't compare this (or any aquarium) to sea world; sea world is like the burger king of aquaria. the fact that this place is accredited by aza caught my attention, and while it's by no means even slightly comparable to aquaria like monterey bay or long beach, it is a fun place to visit. they know that this place is largely for the vegas crowd and for entertainment purposes only, and they fill it with entertaining creatures that are actually quite exotic and cool to look at. the touch tank of rays is pretty good (especially the horseshoe crabs), and the octopus is hiding in the corner in typical fashion, but the ones that truly impress are the komodo dragon, the golden croc, the saw fish, the guitar fish, and the sea turtle. admissions is a bit expensive and like i said before, don't expect this to be like a real full fledged aquarium, but for being in a vegas casino, this is a good place to stop by, especially for kids
5	This place is the jizz.For a nominal fee you can check out some of the coolest sharks. You even get a handheld soundtrack to better explain things.Great way to pass time during the day while you're recovering and preparing for the night's debauchery. When we went it wasn't all that crowded so we were able to see things without having to dodge the whales that don't reside behind the glass.A must see for all!!
5	What an unexpected delight to see at the Mandalay Bay. My friend and I had some time to kill before watching a concert at the Events Center at the hotel and thought it'd be interesting to see the Shark Reef. We must have been there for at least an hour or so- don't expect Sea World here- it's not like that at all. But you do get to see some gorgeous sea life in the tanks there and the komodo dragon that you see right when you get inside is pretty impressive too. My favorite part was looking at the jellyfish- the tank and the lighting made them look spectacular. I've got some pictures here: http://www.flickr.com/photos/starbright31/sets/72157621990689481/ I'd probably go back there again to show my family and friends. It's a nice place to visit in the afternoon.
4	I love aquariums and this one did not disappoint. It probably helped that I had relatively low expectations of an aquarium inside a casino (only in Vegas!). It turned out to be bigger than I thought. It took us about 2 hours to go through the aquarium with the free audio guide. My favorites:-Komodo Dragon: Such amazing creatures.-Golden Alligator: Nice surprise right at the entrance. He moved around quite a bit when we were there and opened his mouth.  -Green Sea Turtles: Large & majestic.-Sharks: Obviously. ;) So many varieties I couldn't keep track. The line at the beginning was annoying. It was even more irritating when we found out it was because of the touristy prom pictures they make you take before you go inside. They seriously made us pose like we were at prom.Overall, it's a refreshingly nice getaway from the usual Vegas strip scene. Especially fun for families with kids.
4	I immediately got board with the hand held guide. But the attractions were very interesting. They had someone standing next to the piranha display so the hillbilly's wouldn't hurt themselves. The sting-ray petting tank was the highlight. When I got there they were just about to feed them. They had a live person explaining the habitat and their situation. That sparked up the whole event. At the end of the reef you end up in the hull of an old ship and the sharks, saw fish etc are swimming above, below and on all sides. That was cool. Worth the price of admission
4	This is one of the better family-friendly things to do on the strip. It may not be as impressive as aquariums in Baltimore, Atlanta, or other large cities but it's still enjoyable. This place is filled with crocodiles, fish, jelly fish, and of course sharks. There's a touch pool with stingrays that kids will love. The audio tour is also worth doing. You might as well learn a thing or two as your walking through the exhibits. $17 for adults, kids under 4 are free.
3	i want to say that i'm impressed but after experiencing Monterey Bay Aquarium... this place is quite plain. is it me or that everything looks better in the pictures than when you are actually there? i'm still giving it 3 stars because it's not a bad way pass some time and somewhat enjoyable.
5	One of my all-time favorite aquariums...second only to Monterey Bay.  Plenty of sharks and predatory fish too.  Steinhart Aquarium at the Academy of Sciences in SF should be ashamed.  They went from one of the best to one of the worst.  Anyone who says Shark Reef is a small aquarium should go see that one in SF to see what small really is.I think it's fantastic that with all the glitz and glamour of Vegas, Mandalay Bay saw the bigger picture and equipped their hotel with a killer aquarium.  A nice and refreshing change of pace when visiting Vegas.  Sunken pirate galleon tank is my favorite with the ominous looking sand sharks swimming about in dimly lit waters.  Plenty of sharks and pirahnas...I smile when I think of some people I've love to drop into those tanks.  This place rocks!
3	I am an aquarium fan. Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed it. But it wasn't huge and I have been to many that were better.I will say that the animals and fish appeared to be well cared for and the staff that I dealt with were great.
4	I think the Shark Reef here is probably one of the best attractions in Vegas; and recently it's gotten cheaper! I remember when I used to pay $20 for this place but I went a few days ago and it was only $16/person for an adult. I guess the recession is even hitting the environmentalists.This particular aquarium I find to be way more interactive and fun than some of the other places with similar animal attractions on the strip. They have very helpful staff members throughout their well designed exhibits to answer any questions you might have regarding any of the animals. The employee at the piranha exhibit was extra helpful and answered many questions and myths I had!This is such a worth while visit especially for a new Vegas visitor or just a refresher like me after not having been for over 2 years. It's definitely very different and takes you into a whole 'nother world as you forget about the smokey bustling strip you just came from.
4	I really enjoyed the Shark Reef aquarium. I was pleasantly surprised by the alligator they had near the entrance, as well as the monitor lizard. Some very interesting fish as well. The shark exhibit is very well done. As you pass through the exhibit, you are surrounded by aquarium walls and sharks, which is very neat. On the down side, I was disappointed that you couldn't see the shark exhibit from the top. Also, the much hyped turtle exhibit was being remodeled so we couldn't see any sea turtles.
3	I've seen many aquariums and you can check my reviews! By far, my favorite aquariums are Monterey and the Sydney aquariums. They truly set the standard for all other aquariums and are the basis that I use to compare. No matter how big or what the reviews are, I always go and visit aquariums wherever I go. I have to say that with all the hype and advertisement, I thought that the Shark Reef Aquarium would be bigger than what it actually was. They have a fine collection of fish and other animals. I think the best time to go to aquarium is when the trainers/caretakers are there feeding them. They actually have a wealth of knowledge and I was impressed that I actually learned something during feeding time!Whereas larger aquariums have many many tanks of different types of a particular type of fish (eg clownfish), the shark reef may only have 1. However they do have a fine collections of rays, sharks and piranhas!They were on the expensive side, but what do you expect from an aquarium in Vegas? Overall, it was a fine aquarium and a great place to take kids especially if where you live there aren't aquariums nearby. The main focus (of course) of the aquarium exhibit is sustainability and how to ensure the preservation of the world's oceans which was nice I thought.
1	Just got back from Vegas a few days ago. Took the kids with us this time and with the kids there we wanted to take them to the shark reef. Let me start by saying the price was very decent for such a small aquarium. Lines weren't long at all. But when we got to the cashier (Maria) she was such a jerk off. Major attitude! My husband had asked what the difference was with the package and she rolls her eyes and asks "which one"? Like WTF? So I said nvm and asked her wat the cost was and I get the money out of my wallet and I apparently didn't hand the money close enough to her so she rolls her eyes again n snatches the money. Customer service was a b****h Maria was the queen of all them b****hes.
4	This is a really great place to go to with friends. I liked how the different animals/fishes were displayed :D and the little audio description things were cool. Lots to see so you'll have plenty of pictures/videos to take. And you can even touch sting rays and horseshoe crabs! :P That was my favorite part... now I know horseshoe crabs don't budge from their spot easily and sting rays feel soft and slimy. Haha! $17 is a pretty good price for this little exhibit and you can make fun, new memories with your friends!
3	$16 dollars wasn't too bad of a price to keep the girlfriend happy for an hour.It's simple: you walk throughout jungle-like corridors and stop at various fish tanks. You look at them, you listen to the description on the provided audio thingnies, and you move on. Not a huge quantity of fishes (didn't seem as many as they advertised), but the setting was very pretty.Btw: I loved the audio-phone-like-thingnies that provided lengthy descriptions in front of every fish tank (see picture). I am generally not one as is easily amazed by just looking at fishes, but the descriptions and facts they provided really added to it. Plus, I didn't have to read which was a great plus (hey, I was on vacation).The place is at the far back (far far back) of the Mandalay, past the wedding chapel. Tips:- just skip the creepy guy at the entrance who asks you to take pictures of you and your significant other holding hands and hugging. Seriously dude.- water/drinks/etc aren't allowed in.
3	Went here by myself once when I went to Vegas. Figured it's sharks, it has to be cool, right? And it was!Tour seemed very short (about 15 minutes) and given the price it's essentially a dollar a minute, but that's a relatively good deal for Vegas.This would be a great place to bring the kiddos, but who's taking their kid to Vegas??
4	The shark reef was smaller that I thought but I liked it all the same. I was not expecting to see a komodo dragon and he was cool. I liked that a lot of the animals there were acquired from fish & wildlife services that were seized from illegal operations, so the animals got a second chance and were not ripped from their natural habitats.
3	So, i just came back from spending valentines day with the gf, and we ended up here earlier today. You know, if I never went to the long beach (ca) aquarium, I probably would have thought more highly of this place. but i did so it changed my perception. i mean the place was cool. there were alot of cool fish amongst other things, but it didn't have that "wow" factor like the long beach aquarium had. I thought we would be there for around an hour or, but after about 30 mins we had walked thru all the exhibits, and I was ready to hit the buffet. There was a stingray tank that we were able to put our hands in and actually touch the stingrays (they took the stinger out fyi). I stood there and watched little kids touch, prod and poke these things like it was nothing. And then it was my turn. my hands starts shaking, my heart starts beating fast (keep in mind ive watched to many movies & documentaries about animals attacking humans) and right when I'm about to touch the big stingray (no one was touching it so i thought fu%k it, let me be a conqueror) when all of a sudden i hear a employee yell out "whhhhoooaaa buddy!! don't touch the big one. hes agitated and i don't want anything bad to happen!". Oh you mean like ending up on a TLC documentary called "black man swallowed by a stingray in las vegas on valentines day 2010 while everyone stood there and watched in shock"? Good looking out bruh.
4	I thought this was excellent.  Are there better ones around the country?  Absolutely.  But I still thought this was a well-presented attraction with loads of great critters at a decent price.  I was also pleased to discover that it was larger than I figured it would be.  (I don't know why I thought something in Vegas would skimp on size, but I guess I thought $16.95 seemed low for a Vegas attraction so the size must be the catch.)    The free audio tour was very useful, and the touch-tank and underwater sections are fun.  The staff is very knowledgeable.  I suggest buying tickets online -- it'll save you at least the huge line at the ticket counter and the Will Call rarely has a wait.  (Also, I was a bit confused, but I think you can get discounted tickets online also.)  You may still face a daunting entrance line, but it generally moves steadily.
4	I'm of a lover of aquariums and this place was cool.  Located in Mandalay Bay [Gorgeous, Gorgeous, Gorgeous] Something about this aquarium seemed a little different, can't really put a finger on it...but I liked it...I loved the area at the end which made it appear as if you were in a recked ship looking out into the ocean...very cool!Great little day trip to do something a little off the beaten path...very enjoyable.
4	This was a great, although small, aquarium. The whole theme behind Shark Reef is that it is the only aquarium based around predators. The sharks and sawfish were fantastic. The pacific octopus and jellyfish were also very cool. The best part of the aquarium was in the same room as the jellyfish. It was a shallow touch pool where everyone can touch stingrays and horseshoe crabs. I've touched stingrays before, but never a horseshoe crab, so this was a new experience for me.My only problem with this aquarium was the reptile exhibit. For some reason they had three large reptiles on the way in. These were a crocodile, a Komodo Dragon and a Water Monitor. The Komodo had mites pretty bad and the water monitor looked very sickly and never opened its eyes or moved while we were there. All in all it was great, we spent over an hour there and went through the whole thing twice.
3	Have you been to Seaworld or that Aquarium in the city?This is smaller.The decor & jellyfish are pretty, though.
4	The only predator-based aquarium in North America!  Sharks did abound and some of them flitted about just slow enough that I could catch them on the same photo frame.  It was great to be a kid again for an hour and behold the creatures from that other world on our planet.  With 15 different species of shark, there is little to disappoint.  They even supplement the aquarium with additions of jellyfish, octopi, eels, piranhas, and so on.  Over all, I was very pleased with the diversity, and I found the free audio guide especially useful for learning more about the different species of shark I was observing.  The last room even has tanks on either side of a hallway with a connector overhead allowing a seamless way for the fish to swim from one tank to the other.  There are a couple of drawbacks though.  The line is long and, being family friendly, there are plenty of kids about.  Also they force you to pose for a photograph before actually entering the aquarium which takes more time to actually enter.  The photo sells for $25 and includes a lovely frame and a free digital copy (okay I bought one, shut up).  Finally, the aquarium is a bit small which explains the lower price point of $16.95 for adults.  This caught me off guard since I was expecting more, and I found myself actually exiting.
3	We decided to stop here since we were still with our 2 year old son, before the babysitter (my mom) takes him away for the weekend. We showed up last Thursday about 11am and there were about 100 people already in line. I would have not thought this since it was a morning and midweek, but what are you going to do? I think the only bad part of the entire place was that they force you to have your picture taken before you enter the Aquarium. We were wondering why the line just stopped, then we figured it out. Since there were a bunch of kids, they were just running around and there is really no lines to get into. You just have to move around people who just stop and look at things. Normally that would not bother me, but I sometimes was pushing a stroller and I don't like ramming people's ankles/calves from behind with the stroller, but its your fault people. Please make a mental note of who is behind you before you just stop mid-step to look at turtles. I think I almost ran over a few kids who were just running around. I finally had to pick my son out of the stroller and walk around the place with him in my arms. He really seemed to like it. Even though his arms were not long enough to reach the animals in the petting tank, he still liked to slash the water even though they frown upon it. I heard the oohs and ahh's from him at points when some of the fish and sharks were right up on the glass. He had a good time. Since he was under 2, my some was free and adults were like $17.00. The price was OK, I guess the price would have been better for me if there were not sooooo many freakn' kids running around. We had a good time, but I really don't think we would go back. It was cool to try it once.
4	For us, we loved this place!  It was really fun seeing all the different species of animals.  I'm a guy who watches Discovery and National Geographic so it's no surprise that I was fully intrigued. They have so many different fish and reptiles that I was really surprised at the diversity.  When we first entered we were greeted by a Crock and a Komodo Dragon!  I was sold at that point.  Further into the trip, we seen the exotic fish, rays, eels, sharks and so on.  We even seen a damn saw nose shark! Just like in the cartoons! When we went we lucked out being it was feeding time at the touch pool.  If you're lucky enough to catch this on your way through, hang out and watch!  The marine life comes to life, and they're all excited as hell to chow down....and how can't they be? I wonder if they yelp their dinning experiences? Being we are tourists, we didn't mind the price.....It was at our own pace so we dilly dallied and lolly gagged and took our sweet time on our way through.  We went during the middle of the week, so there was no wait at all, and the place was rather empty.If this is your type of thing, check it out, it's pretty damn cool!
4	it was small...and had a weird and winding "descent" into the main aquarium.  but it was quirky weird.  i still remember having fun here.  the price of admission ain't that bad...so its a good alternative to the other spendy things on the strip.  the only negative here is that it's located in the  endless cavern which is Mandalay Bay Hotel and Casino...ugh...one of the ugliest and dullest casinos in the world.
3	I'm giving the Shark Reef three stars because of the price/size of the aquarium. Adult tickets are 16.95The shark reef has a three small rooms.It decorations inside are really pretty though. But I was more impressed with that, then the aquariums themselves. A good deal though is with Shark Reef and Bayside Buffet combo 37.99. We however had already eaten so I'm taking points off for that!!! And I wouldn't be able to tell you if there are restrictions or anything for that buffet.I admit I did have one 'awww moment' when the hammerhead shark swam over me in the glass dome thing. But it only happened once. For the most part, in the glass dome parts, the fish were in the back.My hopes were high for the Mandalay Bay. Maybe too high. Cause it's vegas so everything should be big and grand.But I guess having planned a few hours at the Aquarium and only having enough exhibits for 15 minutes got me a bit mad. I thought it would be at least like the Long Beach aquarium.....
3	A good attraction to visit if you got kids and you got time to kill.The main attraction are of course the sharks,personally I like the jelly fishes and the komodo dragon.Its a self paced tour. Can be educational and entertaining at the same time.
4	For a random event to do on the Strip, the Shark Reef Aquarium for a local is cheap and amusing.  I got in for $13 with my Nevada ID, and my friend who's a local teacher got in for way less.  They give you a free audio wand and you can leisurely walk through this place even with a crowd, watching and listening to all the pre-recorded sessions.  It was actually pretty good for an audio tour!  Especially the part where it tells you that the loafing Komodo Dragon could, with a single bite, slowly infect and kill you with its bacteria-ridden mouth.  Scary!And of course the fish and the aquarium tanks looked really well-kept and amazing.  Even the non-chalant jellyfish were illuminated well, the only sad part was the giant 16-foot octopus who was tucked in its corner cave.  There were many sharks, naturally, and they were serious business!   It's a nice 30-40 minute exercise if you're near that side of the Strip, fun for the family or a couple bored twentysomethings!
3	If I didn't feel like my feet were going to fall off, I would probably had a blast at the SRA. Beware that there are millions of little kids with their families here, so you have to navigate them while you make your way through. But the animals/fish? on exhibit are really incredible, and it was a nice way to spend an hour out of the sun.
4	Yes, it's small, but this accredited aquarium is my favorite attraction on the world-famous Las Vegas Strip. (In all fairness, the Circus Circus Adventuredome is small too, though, by most big city standards.) It's located in one of the prettiest casinos, Mandalay Bay. If you speed through it, you can be done in an hour or even less. But if you enjoy the audio tour (included- like a tv remote that you hold up to your ear) and read some of the information exhibits (very educational; some of the material is also the same info used in the audio tour), it will take you an hour and a half. Tip: you can go back to your favorite exhibits and linger further- I hung out at the end, in the tunnel, after the Shipwreck- it's so neat! Also,  it's humid in some areas, but for the most part, it is climate controlled. Experts are on hand for any questions you might have.We went today, which was the 10 year anniversary celebration- adult price $10, children 5-12 $5, and kids under 4, were free. SInce we anticipated a crowd, we were in line @ 10 am (a gift stand is nearby if you want to leave your companion in line and walk away to make your purchase, if you don't mind carrying something in your hand). You get the attraction guide which includes a fish consumption guide supplied by the Monterey Bay Aquarium. Free crown hats (like Burger King) were at the Ticket Stand, there was a shark mascot (false advertising- ha-ha, but maybe they believe that "there is no such thing as dangerous sharks just dangerous situations."- he he), pics are taken right before you enter the attraction (just like most theme parks that charge about $15 per picture or somewhere in that neighborhood), gift shop & food court outside the attraction. Tip: No food or drink is allowed inside. Finish your drink (I brought a bottled water) before entering, trash cans are located near the ticket stand. (If you are a parent, I'm sure you can stash drinks in your diaper bag. They don't check bags.) Gift Shop at the end (of course you walk through it, like the other theme parks) carries some unique items. There are no concession stands inside nor do I remember seeing a bathroom, either. The bathroom and  water fountain are just outside the exit- also the place where you view your pics. Tip: Don't stand in the line if you don't want to view or purchase your pics. We also got free cookies- chocolate chip with a nice chunk of white chocolate on top with the Mandalay Bay logo (on the ticket stub, easy to miss if you didn't read it) which was located in the food court- must be in honor of the 10 year anniversary.My favorites: the Komodo Dragon, the Sharks, the Green Sea Turtles, the rays that you get to touch- very gelatinous and spongy (One Finger Policy- like you're pointing- an expert is there to repeat those directions, BTW) in the tide pool (wash stations nearby), #20 on the tour explains the food preparation for all the animals- very interesting!, and all the fish, of course. Honorable mention: the Jellyfish aquarium. My husband's favorite was the extremely large blue fish that is eaten (sadly) in the Pacific. The Monitor Lizard was hidden so you can view it by checking out the back end of the exhibit but since I'm short, I had to jump on the ledge to see it- it was impressive. It's a great attraction for kids (educational, fun, and reasonable- it's a win-win), and if you don't like the noise or the crowds, this might not be the place for you. Tip: There are some seating options available in the Shipwreck if you don't want to get lost in the crowd, which some seniors were doing,  listening to their audio remotes. (Also a picture spot composed of several sunken trunks in the middle Shipwreck.)I've been here three times over the years, and it's always a different world than the glittering lights of the gambling mecca, Las Vegas. I will gladly come here again. I think that there is a locals special listed on www.stayandplayhere.com.
1	This place has seriously gone downhill. My husband and I took our boyfriend with us to the reef yesterday. The woman who was at the ticket counter was very snotty when we talked about the CCSD employee + 1 guest thing. Apparently they've removed it and made it only 2 days a month now. We asked when that had happened, and she got very bitchy and said that we OBVIOUSLY had received an email about it already and should know. Then waved a paper in our face with the dates. Unfortunately for her, no support staff in CCSD have received this email that I'm aware of.With the locals price of $13.95, we decided that for $42 + tax, it wouldn't be worth it, considering how short the place is. She even got snotty about it still and rather than being understanding or apologetic or even offering some modicum of customer service, she told us "You'll have to go in THAT line if you want to come in now."Oh well. They've lost our business. Probably on a more permanent level now. Get some customer service skills, please.
3	I had been meaning to go several times and one trip to Vegas walked all the way over there only to find out it was closed for the evening.  This time I had an afternoon to kill and the thought of taking a walk mostly in air conditioning rather than out on the street was appealing.  I enjoyed it and took a bunch of pictures and dodged a bunch of kids.  I was getting in to it pretty good and all of a sudden it was over and I had seen every thing in about 20 minutes.  I didn't even stop at the picture counter on the way out but I did cae in and buy a souvenir glass. I wouldn't go back by myself but would if I was with somebody who wanted to see it.
3	Pretty cool if you're staying at Mandalay Bay, but I don't know that I would make the trek all the way to that end of the Strip to see it otherwise, but then again I tend to like wildlife that makes me want to pet it.  Like Scott W noted, you can get through in about 20 minutes.  If you like listening to the audio tour and reading the info on the exhibits, you could probably get an hour out of it.The komodo dragon was a nice attraction since you don't see them everywhere.  With sharks, rays, turtles, and lots of tropical fish, there's plenty to see for a marine life fan.  And if you insist on taking your kids to Las Vegas, this is a great place to visit rather than parking them in an arcade for 14 hours.  Be prepared for the obligatory souvenir photo at the beginning and exiting through the gift shop as usual.  Those kids will find something they want!
4	It's not huge, but was nice attraction. Toward the end, the last tunnel is a nice place to sit and watch the sharks make their rounds.It can get a little busy herding people through those tunnels and walkways, especially in the beginning.I'd go again, but I also really like aquariums.
4	The husband and I decided to go down to the strip for lunch (see my Burger Bar review) and see some sharks at the Shark Reef.There was a huge line out front, which probably took 10 minutes to get to the counter.  If you are a local, I believe the price goes down by $3.00 a ticket (pretty good!)  So it cost us $27.00 to get in.Right after you walk in, they make everyone take a picture (so you can buy it at the end).  They give you a free audio tour, which is nice.Lots of cool animals and attractions.  You can take as long as you want at each attraction.They have a section, where you can touch crabs and stingrays, which is pretty neat.This is definitely a cool place you can take kids to in Las Vegas.  While we don't have any kids, we enjoyed it ourselves!
3	Well... we waited 1.5 hours in line to get into the Aquarium (I don't know why) and it wasn't worth the wait, but it's a pretty OK aquarium. I was expecting something a little more extravagant but it's on par with other aquariums I've been to.You have the option of having a headset to listen to the different descriptions of the fish and reptiles which was pretty neat. The whole place starts out pretty slow, and you think "my god, this better get awesome or I'm going to be pissed". It does get better and I think the final tunnel you go through is the best part. You can just sit and watch all the fish and sharks swim around you.I wouldn't pay another $17 or wait 1.5 hours in line to get in there again but it was pretty average aquarium that I might pay again to get into without the wait.
4	This place is really cool. I never heard of their newest addition the Shark Ray which was the highlight of my time being there and also the feeding time for the octopus... i never see octopuses move at any other aquariums so that was super exciting! The price was decent. Will come back next year. :)
4	Definitely enjoyed the aquarium. First, we didn't have a long wait at all to enter the aquarium. I think we waited in line 10 minutes. But we did go on a Sunday around 10am. It was $16.50 per ticket to the aquarium. They offered to take a picture when we first entered but we kindly declined. They also offered an free audio tour, which we accepted. We found out later that the audio tour is like a telephone that you have to hold to your ear. Didn't really like that, so we gave it back to the employee at the Piranha tank.You can take as long as you want to go through the entire place. It's really exciting to see the exotic fish. They actually have a touch pond where you can rub the stingrays and a few crustaceans. I greatly enjoyed seeing the sharks close up. They way they have the tanks built are amazing. Highly recommend the aquarium.
4	So what do you do when you're at a tradeshow at the Mandalay Bay Convention Center and you have an hour or two to kill because all the flights before yours are booked? SHARK REEF!!!There was no wait, we just paid the $17 bucks and walked right in. I'm obsessed with the Golden Croc and the Komodo Dragon! They were front and center as you walk in... amazing!The shark reef area was very cool as well, I loved how it felt like you were on the sunken ship and all of the fish were swimming around you. Well done! What? AND I get to pet sting rays and crabbie things?!?! Hell yes!! Hum... it only ended up killing about 25 minutes of my afternoon, but it was well worth the $17!
4	:o)So I'm a nerd, and I love to stare at different creatures to get a better perspective at life and what is out there.  I loved everything about this aquarium, even the reptiles that started off our tour.  Unfortunately, when we arrived the crocodile and Komodo dragon were pretty much knocked out, so it was an interesting way to start our journey.  As we were making our way through the water exhibits everything about the space was nice and clean.  Not only were the habitats for the animals nicely kept, but the walking areas for the people were safe and easy to maneuver.Luckily, I was able to get in for free due to hook ups.  As far as paying $17 to go view this exhibit, I would have my reservations of doing so.  Being able to see these different types of animals are a sight to see, but for $20 you can go to the Aquarium of the Pacific and be completely immersed with marine life to the point that it's sensory overload!  But, it's Vegas and everything is severely inflated, and the aquarium is probably one of the cheaper activities to do in Vegas.  *Heads up*  We purchased 2 pictures.  Apparently, there was a special.  Sadly, we were only allowed to email one photo, instead of both... BOOO!!!Alas, I still felt like a kid in a candy store being bombarded by different types of fish that people can only dream of seeing.  I loved every minute of our little aquarium adventure and couldn't believe the variety of fish people could encounter scuba diving! :)
4	Perhaps it's a tad pricy for the size, but it is laid out very well, the decor is top notch, and the tanks and enclosures look well taken care of. The Boy (soon to become The Husband) treated my family to this on the afternoon before we got married. We were trying to kill some time in the early afternoon, and he recommended the Shark Reef. Seems he'd been on his birthday trip back in August with his mum and they'd both really enjoyed it. I particularly liked watching the Komodo Dragon swim around in his enclosure, as well as petting the little rays. (They feel like wet mushrooms.) The tunnel is pretty neat as well, and any time I can watch a sea turtle just swim by is time well spent.This was a good choice for my family too, since they aren't really into the gambling and show-bizzy side of Vegas that really defines the city. They were there mostly for my wedding, and it was good to find something that they really enjoyed. (And which, in the case of my sister, was vitally smoke-free.) We had a pleasant and stress-free time here.
4	This was a fun little jaunt inside Mandalay Bay casino.  We'd been on this end of the strip before but I had not seen the Shark Reef so we decided to check it out.It's kind of a nice diversion from the strip as a whole.  We went in and in retrospect, I would have went earlier in the day as it was early afternoon and everyone had there kids that were out of school on Thanksgiving break week there so it was quite busy.There were many exhibits and interestingly piranha which is illegal to have in Nevada but as the exhibit explains they got special permission to have them there.  There is an attendant stationed there at all times to make sure you don't place your hand or anything else in that water.They give you a booklet to guide the tour or you can go through at your pace.  For an extra $6 they will give you an audio player that further explains the exhibits.  I figure I'm good.  I don't need any further explanation so I don't know how informative that is.They take your picture the first thing when you walk into the exhibit and then, of course, want you to buy it at the end.  We have so many of those types of pictures we didn't even look at ours on the way out.  They aren't very hard sell either.  They just ask if you want to see it.  Which is nice because after everyone trying to sell you everything in Las Vegas you get a little tired.I thought it was interesting that they talk about conservation and what you can do and they have their staff with their own refillable water bottles but you can still buy bottled water in the gift shop.  Just a touch of irony that gave me a smile.There is a location in the exhibits where you may touch (with one finger) a sting ray or two.  I opted out of that but the bf couldn't resist.  Good exhibit for the kids.  Although, I'm not sure I would bring my kids to Vegas in the first place. All in all a nice tour and many different types of fish and other sea life to see.I'd like to go back again.
4	My first time to Vegas on this past Thanksgiving with my brother's family; we had a 9 and 4 year old and us three adults. A must do.Go as early as possible. If you are in the area it can be good to buy your tickets and then go the next day or later that day. That way you don't have to wait in two lines.When you first get passed the entrance they take your picture. They did 3 different poses. (1) Everybody (2) Just the boys (3) Everyone looking scared at the huge (pretend) Shark above our heads. I thought this was a clever business decision. Get 'em in the door take their pic, give them a ticket to view/buy as you exit the aquarium. Brilliant! I have always encountered the option to take the pic. They just do it!As you begin to walk through you first encounter the lizards and snakes...we breezed by them although the komodo was pretty cool. Highlight: Viewing/Touching pool (with one finger) stingrays. The boys couldn't get enough.  They took out the singers so no danger. Watching the octopus move around was pretty fascinating as well. Walking through the tunnels whiles sharks and turtles swim over your head is cool.They keep you in suspense, the sharks are the last exhibit you encounter. The whole experience is about an hour and worth it. If you are staying longer than 2 or 3 days - DO IT. This is a must if you are with children.
4	Very nice small aquarium.  Well maintained. Has a ray touch tank.  I was impressded with how much information they have on conservation.  Kinda ironic to have it here in such a gluttonous place like vegas.  Made me wonder how many of the restaurants here in this casino offer sustainable fish.Get a better price when you buy from the Tix4less outlet...or get a coupon...or buy as part of a package.
4	when i went to this aquarium there was a pretty long line-- at least twenty or more people! but now that i think about it, the mandalay bay doesnt really have many things for kids or families to do like other resorts or casinos, so i guess that is why this attraction was so crowded. after we were in-- it was about a thirty minute walk through the aquarium until we have seen it all. maybe i was just walking really fast? i dont know but i think that the aquarium was just really small. cool fish and the tanks had some pretty interesting aquatic life-- no complaints, but i thought the price was kind of steep, but then again it IS vegas. definitely have to check this place out just ONCE while youre in vegas-- that is unless you have been to all the major aquariums in california, then there is a pretty big chance you wont be so impressed.
3	When I went there was a long line. It was okay though because it moved quickly. Inside the aquarium was relatively small and the line continued.  Slightly overpriced for the size of it. Sharks were also very small. Overall disappointing but something to do besides gamble and drink.
4	Just a great place to go with the Family, especially if your with a group of kids that can't gamble or enjoy the more adult geared activities. It is rather small for an aquarium they do have a very interesting display, especially towards the entrance (almost tropical like a scene from Indiana jones). They also have a fun manta ray pool where kids can actually pet living swimming sea rays. Its a fun education learning experience. They do provide a "device" that when pressed tells you various information on the different sea life the species etc.... The only problem I can see with this attraction is its location, being located in "Mandalay Bay" is I think a negative. We only came across it as we were walking through "MB" looking for a decent place to rest and eat where upon we were advised to "give it a look see". I do remember paying to enter the aquarium, however I do not remember the cost which obviously means it wasn't significant enough for me to remember, I should also point out we were a party of about 10 that went that day and we ended up having 2 solid hours of fun with all the children.
3	The boyfriend took me here on a day date and i was so excited. I'm a fan of the "under the sea" world and have quite the love affair with all of its crazy residents. I will say that if you are a local be sure to show your ID for a local discount.The place is fairly small and I think it only took us about 45 minutes to explore everything and take all of our pictures. I spent the most time in the "petting zone" touching those beautiful, small stingrays and being intrigued by the jellyfish glow. (that are makes for some awesome pictures!) I also loved finding the octopus behind the jellyfish. I even think it was bigger than me.I was a little disappointed by the "shipwreck" area at the very end. for being called the shark reef I would have expected more sharks. maybe they were hiding that afternoon or away on a deep sea vacation. who knows but all i know is most of them were not in sight and we stayed for a little while trying to find some. The ones we did see were about the size of the turtles that kept swimming over our heads and those turtles made me excited. I did spot one swordfish shark to the right of the shipwreck though.I would say this would be a good day adventure for children who love the sea and fish.
4	In a vast desert of cold, lifeless man-made attractions, Shark Reef shines as a lush exhibition full of life (literally).I've been to this aquarium many many times, and it is one of my favorite attractions on the strip. The only reason I held back the 5th star is because I wish it were BIGGER, because it's already so fun I wish there was more to see!There is a great variety of exotic fish, reptiles, and of course numerous species of sharks to look at.  The audio tour is very informative, but I definitely didn't need it the 2nd time around (or 3rd...or 4th...I love this place).  The creatures in this exhibit include (but are not limited to) a golden crocodile, a komodo dragon (the largest living lizard in the world kids!), a water monitor (another large breed of lizard), piranhas (they usually do at least 1 public feeding daily...this is the only thing I've missed as I come at the slow times), lots of varieties of sharks (sadly no Hammerhead sharks...but when I asked why they don't have any, the employee told me it's because they do very poorly in captivity. Sad face :( ), jelly fish, a shy octopus, lion fish, a few different species of rays (that you are free to touch!), and a green sea turtle (maybe 2...they are in the last big tank with a bunch of sharks and are sometimes difficult to spot, so I'm not sure how many there are).My favorite part of the exhibit is the last room, the sunken ship room!  It's like being under water to view all the sharks, and it's probably as close as you can get without actually having to take diving lessons and wear scuba gear.  They even have a window above and below you. It's very cool (and kind of eerie) to see sharks swimming above or below you.I've visited in the evening on a date, and it was actually kind of romantic...in an eerie way...but still romantic because of the lack of tourists (we went an hour before closing time) and the watery atmosphere.  The date went very well :) That's all I'm going to say about that...P.S. You can ask for a goofy little Shark Reef crown and they will give it to you for free! It's similar to those paperboard Burgerking crowns, but the points on it are shark fins...I have a regular one and a holiday one with santa hats on the fins...goofy!
2	If you've never been to an aquarium before this might be kinda fun... but if you have been to any decent size aquarium such as Atlanta, New Orleans, Chattanooga or Baltimore don't waste your time on this over priced experience. At least not unless they reduce the cost from $17 to about $10.Don't get me wrong it has a few neat exhibits but its just too small for the cost. We were in and out in about 15 minutes.
2	Disappointing.  I know the location is in a hotel, but still, I expected better.  The serious flaw is the reflection off of the exhibit glass.  You cant enjoy the fish and other creatures because of the distracting glare from the various light sources.  I did like the jellies and the octopus, and the ray pool, where you can touch the animals as they swim by.  Overall, the aquarium is very small and it did not take much time at all to go through.
3	I guess since we were there "off season" we didn't have much of a crowd to contend with, except for the spoiled land urchins, that had to see everything twice by running around unhinged back and forth through the underwater tunnels. As for the aquarium, I liked it since you could see the sharks and other sea life swim around the tunnels (under, over, and next to you). I found the zebra fish aquarium to be my favorite as I snorkeled in the tide pools in Okinawa and was never able to get close to the large zebras in the open ocean. In regards to value, it seemed about right when you consider it compared to other animal experience on the Strip, S&R Secret Garden (absolutely dreadful),  which I have also rated. We passed on the overpriced souvenir green screen photo, but it was fun seeing the scared picture with the shark attack background.The really interesting thing was watching other people's reactions when they stepped around the plexiglass walkway panels since the subconscious makes you think you'll fall through. Pretty ingenious.
3	I went during off peak season, which was nice to avoid the crowd. Some would think $16 admission as pricey, which I can agree upon since the place was smaller than I expected. Before entering the aquarium, there's a photographer to take pictures of you so you can purchase it later when you are done touring. The aquarium was surprisingly warm at the first part of the tour when I expected it to be cold. There's a number of different fishes, sharks, jellyfishes, and stingrays (where you can touch them), but I'm sure you can get a better experience at your local aquarium. It was a nice experience, but it's not worth it if the admission lines is crowded.
3	This place is both neat and sad at the same time. It's a shark reef in a casino, so you kinda have to go check it out. And when people come to visit, you kinda have to go again. And again. And again.The neat:- Petting area- Jellyfish tank- Locals discount- Sharks swimming over your head and all around you- Those photos they take of you when you enter and then you choose a background (though, the price is not so neat)- Watching a shark feeding- Seeing Santa in the reef at Christmas timeThe sad:- Many, many children and lots of strollers- Lots of unsupervised children around the petting area getting yelled at by staff- It is quite small- It really does cost too much for what you getBut overall, it is a neat thing to do. Weekdays in the late afternoons and evenings tend to be the best times to go crowd-wise.
5	This is a great thing to do with kids for sure. But it's just great to do in general. The diplay is beautiful and the education experience is priceless. It's a great activity if you're down at this end of the Strip but want to get out of the casinos. I suggest going in the middle of the week to avoid a line.
3	So, being in the Bay Area, we do have the Monterey Bay Aquarium among several other fantastic aquariums about. This is definitely something as a family excursion, as the theming winds you past several habitats building you up to the clever bow of a sunken ship with huge windows allowing you to observe the mysterious and deadly shark splendor.Good staff, fun theming. IF you want to avoid the crowds, go around the later evening. If you want less expensive tickets, I'd go for the three pack for the Bodies exhibit, the Titanic exhibit and the Shark exhibit.  You could do them all in one afternoon, but can be drawn out for a lengthened experience for the kids.
2	It is hard to find things to do in V-town during the day if you are only a mild gambler/drinker, so props to Mandalay for trying to at least offer something different.  However, the aquarium was small and only took about 20 minutes to walk all the way through.  Slightly pricey for what it was, slightly "sad" if you've ever been to a decent aquarium anywhere else, and minus one star for the whole Excalibur-to-Mandalay Monorail nonsense that we went through trying to get there.
3	I think the shrak reef is ok. For the price i dont think it is worth it though. It is over so quick for the amount you pay. They have lots of cool fish and sharks, but def not worth the price!
4	I've been twice here and my first visit was better than the second. I guess that is to be expected. The second time I took my husband's grandma to see the place, and she seemed to enjoy it. Pros: Not only do you get to see a ton of different species of fish and sharks but they have placks on the wall so that you can learn about the species and their habitats. The exhibits were really well thought out.   Even though there were a lot of people walking through, everyone had a good view of the fish and no one was left out, or on tippy toes to see the tanks. You can touch the sting rays towards the end of the aquarium.  Not sure if the sting rays like that though?  There is a glass tunnel that you walk through that is VERY cool; walking through it feels like you are swimming with the sharks. Very impressive! A lot of enlightening and scary information about conservation and fish farming. Cons: Is it harmful to the fish to have people tap the tanks and flash cameras? I've always thought so.. I felt bad for the fish, especially when I saw someone tap on the tank to get the attention of the octopus. Theoctopus was hiding and I can see why. The Aquarium is too short.. I think the price should be less for how short the run is. On another note there is an employee here, a blonde middle aged guy with a pony tail and khaki shorts who is super interesting. Both times I've been here I've listened in on his conversations with people about the fish and the aquarium. He reminds me of an American version of Crocodile Dundee. :)  He obviously loves his job and the fish.  Very cool.
3	Even though it has a very unique look to it, and it's very nice when it comes to the tunnels: I just felt as if the experience was too short. It was as if I was robbed. It's pricey compared to the time you get to experience it. It's very nice though, and very beautiful. When I went I didn't wait too long to get inside. It was a pretty descent wait. I had a descent experience. I just wished my experience would have been longer.
4	i hate sea things but walking thru here was really fun...all the details details details make the reef so eye catching...and i liked the little 'touch friendly' zone
3	Years ago during a previous visit to Mandalay Bay, I had tried to get in to see the Shark Reef Aquarium, but the wait had been an hour or more long so I skipped it.  For this visit, there was no wait whatsoever and we went right in.Having visited several Aquariums in my day, I'd say this one is on par with just about any you might see.  The Stingray "Touching" pond is a nice touch though, and is probably an extra bonus for the kidsOverall, it didn't blow me away, but neither did it disappoint me.  If you are in the mood for an Aquarium, you will likely have an enjoyable time.
3	decent aquarium to go to if you have an hour you want to kill, especially if you have young children.pros:- beautifully built, especially the main aquarium  with all the sharks- pretty decent sized sting ray touch pool- decent collection of freshwater fish/wildlife. the aquariums were all built so lushly with dense vegetation. it really felt like you stumbled upon a lake in the wild.cons:- price! but, i suppose nothing in vegas is cheap unless you win at the craps table. it was about $17/adult! for that much money id expect to at least see two hours worth of stufftip:- try to get there early! we got there around 1030 (the aquarium opens at 10) and waiting about 15 mins before going in. it was packed. by the time we left at 1130ish, the line was LONG just to get in. would i come again? probably not unless i had my niece with me again.
2	It's unfair to compare this Vegas attraction to The Monterey Bay Aquarium or the Steinheart Aquarium at the California Academy of Sciences. They're just not on the same level. This was a fun little aquarium, and if you need something to do in Vegas during the day and you don't gamble, this is a fine choice. It only took about 20 minutes to see the whole thing.My main request: please stop allowing tourists to take pictures with the flash on. It's torturous for the  marine life, and all you get is glare as your flash bounces off the glass. I cringed every time somebody took a picture, which was CONSTANTLY.
3	When I visited the Shark Reef, I was a bit underwhelmed.  I expected much more.  The exhibits are interesting, and there are some very nice displays.  The best part for me were the rays.  I enjoyed watching the visitors touch and then jump back.  The sharks were a yawn in a way.  They certainly are eye catching animals, and I found myself picking out one and following it as long as I could.This is a do once if you're a local.  Make sure you show your Nevada ID for a discount.
5	It's pricey, but definitely a memorable place to take the kids! It was fun seeing the sharks up close and watching the jellyfish bobbing and starfish stick to the glass. I felt like I was in an episode of SpongeBob. Too bad my son wasn't with me to see it.The sharks are really all around you. Above and below you, as well. There are a few tunnels in which you literally walk through the water. There are plenty of exotic marinelife in here, like the blowfish and rays. And then I wonder where the heck did all the water come from? I think if there was a drought in Vegas, this would be the first place looted! Lolz.
3	This place is a must if you have children and need something to keep their attention for an hour.  We came here on a Tuesday afternoon and the place was still busy.  Views of the aquariums were ok, despite crowds of adults, kids, and strollers.  Although the price of admission is a little steep (almost $17) for adults, if you take your time to enjoy the animals and read the literature throughout, then it will be worth it.  Also, being able to pet the stingrays was pretty cool.  Seeing this place once is enough for me.
3	A nice little aquarium in Mandalay Bay Hotel. The walk there from the entrance of the hotel is a bit of a walk, but you can do it! It costs about $17 for adults and $12 for children to get in. Once you enter they take a few pictures of you so you can view them at the end before you leave and decide on if you want to purchase them as souvenirs. =] Its cool getting to see the different animals up close. I don't go to aquariums often so everything was new and exciting to see. They even had tunnels that you walked through that made you feel as if you were walking through the water! It's always cool to see sharks swimming above you!There's also a small stingray pond where you can touch the stingrays. My excitement for that lasted for about 2 seconds. Lol. But I know it's more for the kiddies. I'd say the best part of the aquarium would be at the very end where they have sections where you walk on top of glass and can see the fish below you. If you find it trippy and chicken out, then TOO BAD because that's the only way out of that place. Lol. So good luck!
5	Perhaps the best concept of family entertainment in Las Vegas, short of the Ballet and Symphony and Art at UNLV. Educational, humid, and most of all...safe. Worth the price of admission if you are from out-of-town. Locals discount. Very unpretentious and acceptably-priced gift shop. SUPERIOR photo opportunity for both hand-helds and the auto-professional at the end (for a fee). When I went with my beloved and her 16 year old son (before we broke up after four rewarding years), there was a "petting pool" with mantas and baby big boys (erm, sharks) and such.Not Sea World, but Sea World Light for Las Vegas. Exemplary family bonding moment. I know it was for me.
2	Lame beyond belief. Maybe I'm spoiled because I have been to awesome aquariums such as Newport in Cincinnati, also one's in DC and Myrtle Beach that were about the same price but 100x better. I expected a lot more for my money. I seriously only spent about 20 minutes walking through.  A complete waste and I'm kind of mad I even bothered going here. There are pictures of crocodiles or alligators(?) above where you buy your tickets, but there are no crocodiles in any of the exhibits. wtf? Another overpriced Vegas attraction. You would be better off going to see a really awesome aquarium.
2	I wasn't expecting a whole lot, but wow was I disappointed and underwhelmed with this aquarium.  Anytime two people can buy tickets, walk thru each exhibit looking at everything and taking tons of pictures, the walking out the exit, all within 37 minutes...that's not a quality aquarium experience.I went here about a year ago with my sister on one of her visits.  She was still under 21, so after visiting the inside and out of most of the casinos we had kinda run out of things for an underage person to do in Vegas, so we chose to check out Shark Reef.  With the exception of a few different tanks I was pretty bored.  My sister is easily entertained, and I could see the boredom in her eyes too.Most of the tanks looked on the smaller side, for both the fish and the reptiles.  I understand they're working within the smaller space of a section of a casino, but still it'd be nice to see the reps and fish living in a bigger environment.  The tanks/exhibits I liked were:-The lionfish tank, simply because these fish just look very awesome!-The jellyfish tank, because they look mega trippy!-The bigass sea turtle, I think it was quoted as weighing 300 lbs.-And then the final tank, the only real big one that houses all the different sharks.  It's a cool theme (shipwreck) and offers an almost 360 degree viewing.I guess maybe I've been spoiled by other better aquariums growing up.  I lived an hour away from the New Orleans aquarium in my younger years, then having been to all the other great ones in cities I've lived in like the Chicago and Atlanta ones, I guess my brain has a certain limit on what it needs in order to be satisfied when it comes to the aquarium world.  One short visit here was definitely enough for my needs thou.
4	My friend is amazing and got us in for free!  I have to admit, they have some cool sea creatures, but I'm not sure I'd pay $18 for admission.  Though, maybe I would if I had to entertain kids...
3	I had heard about Shark Reef for quite some time -- intrigued that one of the large casino hotels on the strip would actually have one in house.  So, when I found myself in Las Vegas for a short visit, I expressly made plans to scope out the territory.I love aquariums, but, as others have written here, Shark Reef simply cannot be compared to municipal aquariums found in larger cities around the United States.I could not find about 1/4 of the animals advertised -- like the turtle -- but there were some highlights:  the jellyfish, and the octopus.  There was actually an open tank where you could 'pet' the rays, but I declined.Interestingly, throughout the exhibit, were signs pointing to the dangers of overfishing and other issues related to our oceans, encouraging people to make more responsible choices.  This strong conservation angle was quite unexpected.
4	I was dragged to this but it turned out to be alot of fun. It was alot of fun and I saw the biggest turtle I have ever seen in my life. One thing I was not expecting to do was pet sting rays. I would definitely recommend this place if you have children. It is very reasonably priced and I can see how kids would find it very exciting.
5	Personally I found it only mildly amusing, but my gf had such a blast here.  Her expression alone is worth this five star rating.To make the most of this Aquarium, use the brochure/flier/handout in conjunction with the sight-seeing.  Lots of interesting tidbits and information.  For example, my new-found awareness of how shark-fin soup is made has seriously dampened my affection for it. :/You can take plenty of pics here.  Some parts can get pretty dark, but I wouldn't worry, I simply piggybacked off the others' flash photography...there's a flash every 5 seconds.For me, the tunnels were the best parts of the Aquarium, I enjoyed the near 270 degree experience--you see the sharks swim at you, then over you, then behind you...OH NO WATCH OUT.lol.
4	Loved it!! Great Info about the Piranhas and fascinating to watch! Brill stingray exhibit really enjoyed the trainers 15 minute talk! Jellyfish were nuts!!! Actually aquarium was smaller than I thought but still god damn impressive well worth it's money!!!
4	Its pretty good. The price is kind of high for it seeming kind of small. But they make the most of it. Lots of tasty treats floating around to look at. There is a pool where you can pet Sting Rays. BUT REMEMBER CLOSED HAND AND POINT WITH A FINGER TO TOUCH THEM. They have you take a few cheesy pictures at the beginning which i dont buy anyway. :) Since there is no real zoo here or aquarium its a nice little get away from the casinos and machines.
3	i think it would be a little cheaper by 3 or 4 dollars and it would be ok ! could easily walk through it - i paid for me and my dad to walk through and it was ok- an awesome hybrid croc- stats everywhere on the outsides of the enclosures but one really unhappy staff member walking around- come on ! put a smile on!idk- if anyone watches RiverMonsters- its kinda cool- cause there are sawfish and araopimer-( aka the alligator gar) .. just cool :)
3	I agree with Patrick G. that if it were a few dollars less I think the self guided tour would be reasonable. This was our first aquarium as a family and we took our son here when he was just 6 months old. Once inside I was misled only to find, a rather small (imo) aquarium boasting your average, run-of-the-mill seawater friends. Then again, you don't see too many sea creatures in the desert. Gotta give them credit for that. We were done in about an hour even though at the time it wasn't very busy and was left to roam for as long as we had liked to. Now that nugget is over the age of 2 I'm sure he'd appreciate it more and we'll be able to spend more time observing/appreciating the space on our next visit.Note: great keepsake picture and stuffed animals we were able to purchase at the end of the tour and through the gift shop. The fiberglass tunnel is awesome!Tip: good for kids? Absolutely!
4	I love all aquariums (large and small), so when we thought about checking this one out I said YES!  Adults are $18.00.We drove to Mandalay Bay from The Venetian, parked and walked to Shark Reef Aquarium.  I'm sure they named it "Shark Reef" to attract more visitors.  Overall, it's a smaller aquarium than ones I've visited in the past.The areas that I liked the best were:- African cichlid tank- Golden alligator- Komodo Dragon!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=egkjM1_RnuM- Piranas- Giant pacific octopus- Green Sea turtles- Huge aquarium towards the end with the sharks, rays, and water tunnel.Thanks to Tammie for giving us information on which fish to eat and which fish to avoid (to help the oceans recover from over-fishing).It takes about 30 minutes to get through the whole aquarium.  Longer if you take your time like I did.Xie Xie!
4	A great place for family fun.  Interesting and educational with fun mixed in!
4	It's like a mini Monterey Bay Aquarium! Good size for a hotel aquarium. I loved the kimono dragon, the piranhas- I did not know they don't eat ppl even though all the movies that involve piranhas have them attacking ppl! Anyhow they also have a ray touch tank & the biggest octopus in the Pacific. It was kind of small but maybe  the octopus wasn't full grown yet! The sharks were cool. Lots of sharks swimming around, fishes & a huge sea turtle. This is a great place for the kids, especially with the cheap prices, this is definitely a steal. Coming from Cali, if it's under $20 it's a bargain for me ; P
3	For $18, the admission for this aquarium is on the pricier side. Nonetheless, it's stimulating and just as long as you take your time and don't rush through the exhibits, you'll make the price you paid worthwhile.It's a small exhibit... but think about it. A resort with its own aquarium?! You can imagine it'd be pretty difficult to maintain, so I wasn't phased with the size. Shark Reef had a lot of fish, including the porcupine puffer with which I fell in love, an exhibit for jellyfish and cow-nose stingrays, respectively, and much more. You could even touch stingrays and baby sharks in another separate area of the aquarium! The walk-through parts of the aquarium were definitely cool, especially where you could sit down and watch the sharks swim by overhead. No big deal, really.After leaving, we looked again at our tickets and found that if you return in a year, you can get in for free!!Overall? Fun exhibit, a bit pricey, but you'll definitely enjoy yourself.
3	My man and I decided to take the monkeys for a shark experience. It was my day off and the weather had made our pool day a no-go....so off to Shark Reef we went. When you get there...I highly recommend that you park in the convention center parking (the Four Seasons Drive entrance). It puts you right there instead of having to walk through the casino. A short walk and bathroom trip later we were at the box office. Make sure to present your local ID because it reduces the price to $15 for adults...kids 4 and under are free. We headed in an enjoyed the exhibits very much. My littlest monkey could be heard squealing with joy when she saw a big fish (and there were a few of them) and the jellyfish. I had to explain that their "hair" would hurt really bad if it touched you. The older monkey had to be dragged away kicking and screaming from the tide pool where you can touch the stingrays. Overall it was a good time but I would've like to see more literature (info on the walls...whatnot) on the fish (there was an optional audio tour you could purchase...but I was chasing around my two crazy kids). I also wish it was longer but I have to remember that we are in the middle of the desert. I will probably go back when the kids appreciate it a little bit more.
4	Not the best aquarium out there, certainly. However, it is a respectable little attraction that will hold your interest. It benefits from being rather small because some aquariums fill up space by putting every type of fish known to mankind in a different exhibit, thereby making it artificially larger. The Shark Reef doesn't do that. They have fun facts throughout the exhibit, including what fish should be eating, and which fish you should avoid to save their habitat. They had a great little ray exhibit where you could dip your hand in and touch them. The aquarium was very relevant because it had most of the fish that you'd like to see in an aquarium, but it left out the boring everyday fish that consume hours of your time in larger, but poorer quality aquarium. Reserve about a half-hour to forty-five minutes to see the whole thing. Worth the time and the fifteen or so bucks to see it.
5	Very cool,worth the 18$
4	This place is great! I feel that most of the time when I go to aquariums, towards the end it all feels the same and my aquarium experience is ruined because I am so tired of walking around but going to this aquarium was great! The place is not so big so you're overwhelmed with so much walking but not so short that you feel like you were cheated of your money. There were sharks, octopus, jellyfish, and even a touching pool where you can touch the sting rays! My favorite part of the aquarium was the end where you can sit through this tunnel looking thing see the sharks swim around you. It's a great feeling. the sharks are all around you even below you! I could sit there all day!
5	This is a great medium-sized aquarium (certainly no Monterey Bay), in the middle of a casino.  The sharks were great, but there were lots of other creatures -- a bunch of rays, some jellyfish, lionfish, various lizards, and one main tank, surrounding a walk-in shipwreck, with a wide variety of larger fish, and even a sea turtle.Pretty good value on its own, and there are various discounts.  One of the better attractions in Las Vegas; good for 30-60 minutes at least, and maybe more if you're relaxed.
3	The aquarium itself was nice, and we even got to touch some sting rays! However, it was small, and not worth the $36 we paid to get in ($18 each). We lingered at most of the exhibits, and still exited the place within an hour. It was also crowded (we went on Sunday afternoon, July 3 this year) and we didn't have much space to move around. The sharks were amazing, and there were multiple types. The big tank of jellyfish was pretty, and the 180-degree water tunnels reminded me of Hong Kong's Ocean Park (which is probably more than ten times bigger and worth a full day's visit). The komodo dragons were definitely cool, and I loved seeing sea turtles and big fish swim around with sharks in the tunnels. With the tickets we got two small pamphlets on how to select seafood and sushi items with good conscience ("best," "good alternatives," and "to avoid" items). They're designed to be carried in wallets and consulted before ordering seafood or sushi in a restaurant. I think they're helpful, but haven't actually used them when I'm in a restaurant. It's a good idea to keep customers informed and help them make good choices beforehand though so they know better what consequences on the ecosystem their demand might cause (I didn't know imported tuna would be bad, and that many types of seafood have a less negative impact on the ecosystem if they're produced domestically). Overall, a good visit, though Mandalay Bay was a bit far off the main section of the Strip, and waiting for the bus going back to where the Mirage/Bellagio/Caesar's Palace was a little painful in the sweltering heat.
3	We purchased a 3 attractions for $54 deal($18/ppiece) from our hotel and the Shark Reef was one of our 3 picks.  The normal price of the SRA ticket?  $18.  More our fault for not checking prices than the package, but still seemed silly to have it included in the deal package.I initially was somewhat let down over the size of the aquarium, but on later thought it seems reasonable considering its inside the hotel. They do have a nice range of animals: crocodile, komodo dragon(first time seen one in captivity), green monitors, few snakes, random ocean fish.  They did have a tank dedicated to just jellyfish which was pretty schnazzy along w a tank for lionfish and starfish.  There was a small petting area for smaller stingrays.The actual shark area was rather small and unimpressive.  It is sparsely populated with a few normal sharks: reef and nurse.  Nothing that sticks out as far as a shark tank goes.  The water tunnel walk through was mediocre.  It was off to the side of the aquarium so nothing really traveled up or around the tunnel since there was a wall and only about 5 feet of space between the tunnel and the wall.They also have a package to scuba dive with the sharks for $650 which seems cool....but Mall of America has the exact same thing for $200'ish.It was definitely no Seaworld, but they worked fine within their confines but the main attractions(Sharks!) was a real letdown.  We stayed an extra night and went to the Golden Nugget who have their own tank inside the pool which was much better and also free!
2	The price is right, but Shark Reef was pretty underwhelming none-the-less. This would be a wonderful pick to take the kids, but as an adult, I feel like I've seen this small aquarium theme done a hundred times AND done a lot better. There were less than a handful of exhibits that my twenty-something year old party enjoyed. The sting ray, starfish/octopus, and shipwreck room ONLY because of the shark with the saw-nose are worth seeing. Every thing else was, frankly, kind of boring and non-impressive.On a sad note, the huge sea turtle that was in the shipwreck room tank seemed really unhappy and was stuck behind a gate. I hope Shark Reef examines it's living situation and makes improvements. It almost brought me to tears.
4	If you have kids this is definitely one of the places to bring them. I don't know why but I always expect aquarium to be larger then they are. It was pretty cool though. You get to walk through a jungle like area and then pet some sting rays. Finally you get to see the sharks! It was fun and educational.
3	Who goes on a date to Vegas? Haha... we went with two other couples and stayed at the Mandalay Bay... so figured we'd throw in a little cutesy rendezvous in our schedule full of drunken debauchery. The aquarium wasn't as amazing as I thought it would be so I was a bit disappointed, but it was definitely fun. I think a lot of my disappointment had to do with how the high price didn't reflect on the size of the attraction. My favorite part was the shark reef and touching the sting rays!
2	This is the only predator-based aquarium in North America with 'thousands' of different kind of species. That's what they say but it's fairly small and from other reviews, there are other aquariums in Vegas that are completely free. Descriptions on the wall also give you insight on the fish and they let you know which ones are endangered, ironically. Not only do they have fish but they also have a komodo dragon and a golden crocodile. They have saw fish and other odd looking sharks in the shipwreck that you can SCUBA dive with, if you're a certified diver or a member.  +1 on taking the picture in the beginning. But I haven't received a copy via email like they said they would and it's way past my 2 week courtesy mark. +1 on the support on ocean friendly seafood tidbits. I didn't know  we should avoid eating imported albacore tuna, farmed unagi, farmed salmon and shrimp.. Who would've!
3	It was cool and the glass tunnel was awesome with the sharks etc. But it is definitely overpriced. It was small and quick for what they are charging, I think we walked through in about 20 minutes!
3	3.5 stars. I thought this was pretty cool. Fairly inexpensive for adults $18 (cheap for a Vegas attraction). No this isn't the Boston Aquarium or even the Shedd, but it is a nice little aquarium complete with a "touch tank" where you can touch some sting rays and horseshoe crabs.
2	Unless you have never seen an aquarium or a fish before this is totally not worth the $18 adult ticket nor is it worth the walk from the strip. You're better off just wandering around hotels and looking at the fish tanks on display for free. You'll see more fish in both quantity and variety.Maybe if you read every little sign you could be in here for 30 minutes and that would be a stretch. I was out within 15. Totally disappointing especially because I'm a sucker for anywhere that houses any kind of animals. I'm more annoyed about the money I wasted for a 15 min walk through here than about the 500 bucks I lost at the casino throughout my weekend trip.
1	Given that this aquarium is in the Mandalay Bay, I figure it should not be too bad, especially they are charging $18 for it!  Oh boy, were we in for a huge disappointment.   I could not believe they would charge $18 for it.  It just felt like such a rip off that I contacted Ashley Lucero at the Aquarium.  The experience talking to her was even worse than the aquarium experience itself! Ashley had an agenda talking to me. She was not at all there to hear my opinion. Her agenda was to tell me how wonderful the aquarium was and that I should have enjoyed it. If I did not, it was probably my fault. Ashley asked me several times how much time I spent on the tour, which to this date puzzles me. Seems to me that she is setting up a trap with this question. If I said it was too long in her opinion, that I obviously had enjoyed my tour. If I said it was very short, that she probably will tell me that I did not take the time to appreciate everything yet. She also asked me what my expectation were for the aquarium multiple times. And I kept telling her that I did not have specific animals or shows in mind, but an aquarium that charges me $18 should have at least some animals that make me feel like it was worth the $18. A few minutes later, Ashley would ask the same questions again. I told her the same thing. This went on a few times. It was a completely frustration experience.  She was getting me upset on the phone. You would think someone in her position would have better PR skills?! At the end, I did not hear she even said that "I am sorry your experience was not up to your expectation, but there is nothing I can do" . She just kept telling me that I should have enjoyed the aquarium, that it was really my fault.  Unbelievable.
5	The Shark Reef Aquarium is located in the Mandalay Bay. I wasn't expecting much for an aquarium in a hotel, but I was pleasantly surprised.  Highlights:-Walk-through shark tunnel-Petting of the stingray and horseshoe crab-Huge fish of all kinds including sea turtles-See-through floorLowlights:-Adults ($18) -Children 5-12yrs ($12)-Children 4yrs and under (free)The aquarium is a bit pricey for adults especially for the size.  You can finish it in 45 mins if you take your time. My son wanted to see it again and so he did it in less than 10 minutes.The kids really enjoyed this aquarium.Would come back again.
4	Do you guys ever watch "How I Met Your Mother?" In one episode, Barney tells Ted, "new is always better." This phrase seems to ring truest in a place like Vegas where new attractions, hotels, restaurants & shopping malls are constantly popping up. Still, I am a huge fan of decade-old Mandalay Bay & all it has to offer. For me, new is not always better (in most cases, anyways....)$18 gets you a pretty short self-guided tour (30-35 minutes) of awesome marine life. Crocs, turtles, a kimodo dragon, unfortunate-looking fish, florescent-colored fish, a tunnel where you are surrounded by sharks & a shallow pool where you can "pet" stingrays & horseshoe crab (a few were engaged in a mating ritual when we went)...it's all something we've seen before, but still a beautiful, four-star worthy attraction.
4	Loved loved loved this shark reef aquarium! They have sharks of all kinds, sawfish, giant rays, enlarged green sea turtles, piranha, jellied, python and rare golden crocodile! This aquarium is jungle themed, they take photos of people before you go in, and you can choose and  buy them for $20 each when you get out. they can make it so many themed, so cute. Not a very big place, but a lot to look at, loved the shipwreck area, saw so many kinds of sharks there! The most scary looking ones are sand tigers! $18 admission for adults, $30 to get more things like photos and souvenir. 10:00 am- 8:00 pm Sunday - Thursday10:00 am- 10:00 pm Friday and Saturday Great place for date day entertainment! Romantic and fun! Educational too!
4	Located in Mandalay Bay... $18 entry fee...More than 1200 species of animals... sharks, saltwater fish, fresh water fish, tropical fish, crocodiles, sting rays, eels, komodo dragons... etc... too many to mention! They also have a petting pool which is pretty cool!It's kind of a tunnel like path that you take which is interesting... if you're lucky you can see a diver swimming inside with the fish. Pretty cool to see them swimming with the sharks!There's a gift shop which has stuffed animals, picture frames, and other sorts of souvenirs to take back home.Tourist spot to hit up if you're on vacay!
2	18 bucks for what should be free if you are staying here. It was a nice detour from the casino, and there were some cool things to see in what amounted to be a 20 minute self guided tour. Most of the sharks were hiding that day. My wife liked it. I would not pay for it again.Went in as a group of 4. We were asked to pose for several group photos after we entered. Upon exit we wanted to see how our photos came out. The girl operating the computer could not find our photos using the ticket we gave her so she had to look for them manually which took awhile, she kept bringing up another group on the screen that looked nothing like us, asking "is that you?" Um, no. Finally she finds our photos. We were supposed to look scared and I guess it was funny, but not worth 30 dollars. No thank you.
4	I love animals and marine life, so I am probably easily pleased here.  I didn't expect much from a casino/hotel, so maybe that is why I was pleasantly surprised. It also helped that I went at about 9pm so it was nice and empty with no annoying crowds and children. I was able to leisurely stroll through, read every sign, chat with the girl at the pirahna tank, spend a long time patting the sting rays and horseshow crabs, etc. I was in heaven petting the sting rays. NOrmally at LB or SD aquariums, I basically give up trying to get through the crowds of kids to even glimpse the creatures much  less actually pet them. Here I had it to myself. I got to know every sting ray on a first name basis and exchange numbers and make promises to keep in tough. It was awesome. All the animals, and reptiles were active and in plain veiw. Boas were swimming, Piranha were biting, Jelly fish were creepy. Sharks were beautiful.  There is one of those tunnels where the sharks and fish swim above you. A ship wreck scene at the end houses turtles, sword sharks and many other sexy marine animals. I sat and peacefully watched the sealife at the end. So tranquil and quiety.  A cute gift shop at the end of the tour. I thought it was worth my $18. Taking my time I spent over an hour there. It was the perfect way to kill 1/2 of the two hours alone I had while my friends went to see the lion king and I don't do muscials. I would do it again only, but only at the late hour so I could have the place to myself.
2	OK, I'll admit it I had a good time here. However, I kept waiting and waiting to see an actual shark that has been alive for more than a few years. All they had were babies--the Camden aquarium in Jersey has much better and bigger sharks! I did like the tunnel that you could walk through and they had a few areas where there were glass floors that were a part of the aquarium but I expected a little more. All of the advertising showed these huge, scary sharks so I was thinking they must have a great white! Nope, just babies. But, if you're there with kids they will like it and you'll probably have a good time too. It helps that you can drink on your walk there lol.
3	Pretty awesome to have such a huge aquarium in a hotel! but it was at the same time kind of a short trip to the end...wish it would last a little longer for $16 dollars per person... I did get to see some cool sharks and gigantic fishes.....kinda like the Aquarium of the Pacific in Long Beach....except of course this one is way smaller. They also got me to buy some of the pictures they have you take in the beginning....heh really good way to get your money. Good for all ages...take some nice pictures...sit for a while and you'll kill one hour at least. =)
3	This was a pretty nice aquarium and I guess for being on the strip $18 isn't that bad. My only complaint is that it was pretty small and we were able to walk through the whole thing in about 20 minutes. I like that you could touch a stingray and I enjoyed the shark tunnel but these are all things i can see in a much larger venue at the Monterey Bay Aquarium. If I were to do it again I would see if I could get cheaper tickets at one of the discount places like tickets 4 less or see if they give reduced rates to locals and bring my uncle (who lives in Vegas) with us.
4	Small but very well done aquarium with 2 underwater tunnels.  I am such a sucker for marine life.  Not only are they pretty to look at, but they also make me hungry.  They don't only have sharks, they have a variety of other exhibits of Komodo Dragons, pythons and Amazonian fish like piranhas and Pacu.You can tell that this is a fairly new aquarium because it's not dark and depressing like the old school Shedd Aquarium in Chicago or the National Aquarium in Baltimore. In fact it has a very nice modern and "in habitat" feel to it so you can also get an idea as to what their natural habitat would be like. There is also a sting ray petting pond!  They're so squishy!Ah..the inner Marine Biologist and Chinese cook in me is satisfied every time I visit an awesome aquarium. They also do a pretty good job with the group photos and the various options you can get.  It's such a touristy thing to do, but the we couldn't help ourselves. $18 is a bit steep for the tickets, BUT it is Vegas and everything is really expensive so it really doesn't surprise me.  If you are staying at the Mandalay, this is a must see.
4	We've been to some great aquariums in New Orleans (pre-Katrina) and San Antonio, and this one at Mandalay Bay is right up there. The shark exhibit is the highlight. We also enjoyed the Komodo dragon and the jellyfish. Lots of funs for kids of all ages. Don't forget to turn off your flash so the pictures turn out.
4	This place is much bigger than I thought it was going to be. Adults is $18, a little bit on the pricey side, but I guess it costs a lot to maintain those expensive fishes, sharks, and the huge sea turtle. I don't think I'll come back, but definitely worth it to come here at least once. I thought it was pretty funny that there was someone guarding the piranha tank. I guess there are enough dumb people out there you gotta worry about sticking their fingers into the tank to see what the piranhas might do. hmm.. i wonder..  All in all, pretty nice place to bring the kids. It's HOT where they keep the reptiles so don't bring a big coat to the aquarium.
4	This aquarium surprised me. Im from the bay area where we have the Monterey Bay Aquarium, which is huge!! The admittance cost is 18 bucks and I think you get what you pay for. This aquarium is in the Mandalay Bay.  There is this big lizard as you walk in and I was impressed with one section of the aquarium built to look like youre part of a shipwreck underwater. The experience was cool I wouldnt recommend it if youre used to big aquariums but it was a good time killer in between casinos
4	The Jellyfish alone are worth the admission price! The shark reef makes for a fun family outing enjoyable for everyone. If you're a local, they give discounts as well! The layout of the aquarium is crafty, turns and twists throughout with wonderfully decorated areas. They provide you with handheld devices that you can retrieve info from at each exhibit. My kids loved the sharks and the sting rays most of all and thoroughly enjoyed the hands-on section.
4	My husband and I went to this aquarium during our first visit to Vegas about five years ago and we really enjoyed it. While in Vegas last week we revisited it and were not disappointed. In addition to the beautiful sharks they have a large komodo dragon who was so alert and such a delight to see up close. The white crocodile was quite impressive, also, as were the reptiles. As members of the Monterey Bay Aquarium we found the Shark Reef to be small, but they had creatures that other aquariums do not have, which made is very enjoyable. They have also joined the Monterey Bay Aquarium in participating in the Seafood Watch Program which is impressive for a small aquarium to do.
4	This was definitely one of the highlights of my last trip to Vegas. The tickets are on the pricey side at $20 per person and the aquarium is on the small side, but the animals are fun to behold and the design of the shark reef is very creative and impressive. There are small reptiles, snakes, rays that can be petted, piranhas, and other fish and animals. The shark reef is very cleverly designed by simulating the feel of an abandoned ship at the bottom of the ocean floor. Lastly, this is a good place for picture-happy people.
4	I like the Shark Reef. It's kind of nice that you can enter through the convention side and avoid walking through the casino. I think as most of these types of small attractions go it was reasonable for $15. I got the NV resident discount, that is 3 bucks off from the normal price. They have the tourist trap thing at the beginning where you pose in front of the green screen and they fill it with a background later. We went for it this time cause it was amusing. The first part of the Shark Reef has some interesting reptiles. I love the Komodo Dragon. He's always observing everyone with that look in his eye, "Mmm, yummy." It seems that every time I have went the golden crocodile is sleeping. Of course the stars here are the sharks. You can actually lose track of time watching them swim around in the huge tank. There are also tanks full of starfish, octopus and rays. And there is also a fun little touch pool.
4	Nice attraction and helpful employees. Ask for the local special and you will get a discount with NV ID. Family fun for all ages!
2	I felt that this little aquarium was overpriced. If you've ever been to a good aquarium, you'll be disappointed. They do a nice job with what they have, but it's not all that much and it's not that impressive.
2	All of this can be yours for only $18 per person. I feel ripped off by what you can see here. We took our daughter to check out the shark reef @ mandalay bay and were done in under 45 minutes. The place is small and felt cramped compared to other aquariums. The only "cool" factor was going through the tunnel in between the tanks. If you are desperate to kill sometime with your family then consider the aquarium for a visit. Other aquariums like the one in long beach is way better and more fun than this one. If you have been to other larger aquariums, you'll understand the disappointment with this one.
3	very short but fun.. the kids loved it. great for family and friends. there was a lot of sharks and the glass floor was pretty cool...
4	Great! Fun. Love taking the kids here. Never gets old.
4	Another reviewer said it best: Manage your expectations. This is NOT the Shedd Aquarium in Chicago, or even the Denver Aquarium. It's an aquarium built as an attraction that's part of the Mandalay Bay complex. It's a bit of a walk to get to it, the pricing even with the locals discount seems on the high side, but once you go in it's actually pretty interesting. Reptiles are on display first (not my thing), as you work your way further in you go into the tunnel and into the aquarium itself. It's not as large of an aquarium as Denver or Chicago...but for being right smack in the middle of a desert valley in landlocked Nevada you forget where you are and that counts in my book. Bring your camera or make sure your cell phone has memory space to take pictures as you'll want to. They have benches along the side of one of the tunnels, have a seat and just observe. If the fish / sharks don't entertain you the people watching sure will. If you have kids with you this place is HIGHLY RECOMMENDED and has always been a positive experience for everyone I've taken to see it. Yes they have a place where you can pet the sting rays. Don't let the kids be the ones having all the fun, put your hand in the water and touch one. Just do it. When you get home it's one of those things you'll remember the most from your trip!
4	My expectations were met when I went here. To even offer an aquarium in the middle of a hotel is awesome on its own. Definitely a must see when you are staying at the Mandalay bay. Some of these reviewers are seriously lame. Some dude was actually complaining how long he had to walk down the strip to reach Mandalay Bay, are you serious? That's not the aquariums fault that your cheaping out of a taxi cab ride in Vegas. Some people were actually comparing this place to the Long Beach or other large scale aquariums .
4	I really loved this aquarium! I bought an annual pass it was so great. It's a little aquarium, I did not expect more. I did not expect the Monterey Bay Aquarium or the Shedd here in Chicago. I just wanted to enjoy some lovely marine life. And I did.I loved, loved, loved the manta rays and the jellyfish. I LOVED the sharks. Wow! I was just in love with all those sharks.I love that the Shark Reef participates in the Monterey Bay Aquarium program about sustainable marine care.
3	10:00AM - 8:00PM Sunday - Thursday10:00AM - 10:00PM Friday and SaturdayLast admission one hour prior to closeAdmission: Adults $18.00Children (ages 5 - 12) $12.00Children 4 and younger admitted free.My boyfriend and I are fans of the "under the sea" world and have quite the love affair with all of its crazy residents. I will say that if you are a local be sure to show your ID for a local discount.This place is located in Mandalay Bay and it is really small compared to the all the aquariums in California.Seriously, for a fish lover, this took us about 40 minutes to explore everything\.I spent the most time in the "petting zone" touching those beautiful, small stingrays. Although the staff that was in charge of the petting zone was really annoying. "DO NOT TOUCH THE BIG RAY. TOUCH WITH ONE FINGER. DO NOT LEAN OVER. DO NOT LAY ON THE ROCK" shuuutt uppp... she repeated herself at least for times and I was there for only 15 minutes. They might as well use a recorder.There's piranhas!! So cool! The time when I went, they were really active. That is because they havent eaten yet. Otherwise, they would just sit still and that would have been boring, So go a little before lunch time? I was a little disappointed by the "shipwreck" area at the very end. for being called the shark reef I would have expected more sharks. maybe they were hiding that afternoon or away on a deep sea vacation. I did spot one swordfish shark to the right of the shipwreck though.Oh yeah I read about how there's snakes in the aquarium too. I hate snakes, so I was ready to run (i dont care if its inside the tank or not). Turns out, theres only one boa constrictor. Lame...for people who like reptiles...good for me.I would say this would be a good day adventure for children who love the sea and fish.
4	Very impressed with the aquarium.  When you have children like I do I am always trying new things with them.  The kids LOVED this.  Yes, we were there only an hour but it was worth it.  The jellyfish were really cool.  Our kids loved all the sharks - I had heard of hammer head sharks but now I have seen a guitar head shark - totally cool.  My were able to score a locals discount - love how they treat the locals - :)
4	The Shark Reef is a nice place to get away from all the busy crowds and gamblers and something to do if you want to go "underwater". Have now been there twice, but I think the cost of admission ($18 for an adult) is a bit pricey, though (and for those who are Nevada residents, it might still seem expensive even with your locals discount). Manta rays, octopus, sharks and various types of fish were great to see. Plus, a crocodile and other reptiles were featured in the first few exhibits. You'll also find two walk-through tunnels. The aquarium is on the south end of the Vegas Strip inside Mandalay Bay.I've noticed quite a few other reviewers posting this, but there is a staff member at the interactive manta rays exhibit who has to be constantly telling people how to pet them, and boy, it seems as though he/she has to repeat them constantly all day.
2	Based on some of the positive reviews, I wonder how many have been to other aquariums.  $18 for an adult is WAYYYYYYYYYY over priced for this thing!  A more reasonable price would be free for guests of Mandalay Bay, $5 for locals, and $10 for everyone else.  It starts with a 10 minute line to buy the ticket, followed by another 10 minute wait to get into the aquarium and because the start of the hallway is so narrow, you spend another 15 minutes waiting in line staring at a giant alligator, cichlid fish, and komodo dragon.  There were a couple "rooms" with some tanks.  Petting a sting ray was a nice touch, but you can do that at Sea World.  The 2 "glass" tunnels were cool to walk through, but not cool enough to justify the price tag.  I thought it was a joke when I reached the exit sign because I had only spent about 15 - 20 minutes inside (not including wait times)!  I've been to several aquariums that were 10 times the size of this one, for about the same price.  Kids may really like it, but as an adult, I'd skip unless you have a good deal on the cost of admission.
4	The line was LONG!!!! I waited about half an hr??! They should seriously install kiosks if you pay by credit or something...line was by the bridal photography store -__- very short exhibit! You can walk through in half an hr! The price is certainly not reasonable for the small exhibit.... The first few exhibits with Komodo dragon and piranhas are not as exciting but those first few exhibits you encounter have all the kiddies creating lines of traffic. The tunnels you get to walk under are so exciting... Everyone just keeps chasing sharks and fishes to take pics of. The stingray exhibit is so fun.. Consider this the middle exhibit.. You get to stick your arms in to pet the stingrays. But they have occasional breaks for the stingrays to not get touched and poked. The last exhibit which is right after the stingrays is AMAZiNg!! I was stuck here for a while and refused to budge. I saw my very first SAWFISH! Becareful not to call it a swordfish out loud like I did... Lol I got it mixed up.. Wth??! You can see the fishes n sharks pass by above you, under you, & around you. There was one creepy point when an eel just started slithering up next to me like a snake coming out of those barrels to the sound of music... It came up in slow motion and just stared at me and then it went back down in slow motion. Nice
3	Sitting in my room one day, I was deciding what to do for the day. For those who know me, I am a nocturnal gambler and for me, that means either sleeping in during the day or trying to find some activity to do. As I was browsing through the magazine in my room, the ad for the Shark Reef Aquarium caught my eye. Hopped in a cab and off I went to The Mandalay Bay. The aquarium in itself wasn't really what I thought it would be, I was expecting more exhibits like the ones they have at the Maui Ocean Center or Waikiki Aquarium. The highlight of this aquarium is the large tank with various sharks, jacks, grouper and my favorite, the sawfish. I waited for like 20 minutes for that guy to swim by and show his saw so I could take a picture! There's a tunnel you walk through also that you can take pics of the fish swimming above you. I enjoyed my outing there because I'm a saltwater fish enthusiast, but maybe the admission price was a little high. Oh well, saltwater aquariums are costly to maintain.
4	Great way to break up the debauchery of Vegas. You can go at your own pace and just enjoy a great variety of fish. My favorite is the jellyfish tank.
3	It was a nice exhibit but the price is too high. No lines at all when I went inside. Many people were already inside but still not crowded. Price should be lower for the size. It's a good place to visit as a tourist since it's only one time.
3	Me and The Hubby went here and it was our first time. The admission is pretty pricey. I thought there was more to it, but my expectations were wrong. It wasn't a bad experience though and we still had a good time. I can't believe that we walked to Mandalay Bay from the strip because we thought it was close from afar. Cracks me up when I think about it. Anyway, I saw sharks, fishes, sting rays, jelly fishes, octopuses, lizards, and etc.! Aquariums are cool :)
4	Aquariums are my thing- wherever I travel, if there is an aquarium, I'm going by. That being said, considering how large it was I did find it odd that the only aquarium I heard of in the city was inside of a casino, but I suppose that's the Vegas way. I'll save my commentary on the decline of independently funded state and educational programs for another day.First off, a delightful family ahead of me in line gave me a free ticket after accidentally ordering an extra. I don't know if a refund was not possible or if they were just super laid back, but it was very much appreciated. A lot of the reviews I'd read before coming stated how the price did not reflect the experience- at $18/adult, i'm not sure I disagree.This aquarium reminded me of the Dallas state aquarium, in that it had a creative use of space that involved more of an outdoor feel with an Amazon-warrior theme for their open area, and that they were able to incorporate animals aside from fish. The first thing you see when you go in is a crocodile, then a komodo dragon and a tank of cichiids, before getting to some amazon fish and some lizards. Information on conservation is scattered throughout. Several large tanks are toward the end of your tour, and there are several informational plaques and computer displays set up for perusal. My favorite part was by far the tunnel, and I probably spent a good 15 minutes in there. Many families and other visitors passed me by quite frequently, which may be why the price is seen as "too high"- they rush through and it's over and done with pretty fast. I will admit that it is small though- despite my lingering and genuine fascination with the exhibits, I was in and out in under an hour, probably closer to 45 minutes. The room after the tunnel has a touch tank of rays, which is always fun. As an educator, I like when museums and aquariums incorporate hands-on aspects for kids and adults rather than just things to see or read and a strict directive to keep hands off. The experience could be improved with more video rather than plaques, and perhaps more marketing geared toward adults rather than children, as they didn't seem to be engaged in much aside from the tanks at their level. The giant shark tank at the end of the tour, with the shipwreck decor, was a little overdone. It was cool to see the sharks and all, but with the name "SHARK reef aquarium" it was a little underwhelming. I had expected to see more sharks in the smaller tanks rather than just one or two culminating in the large room of sharks. Also, the tank itself was virtually empty of any decor- whether this is an oversight (it seemed boring to me) or simply best for visibility or the sharks' preference, I couldn't say. I'm not usually a gift shop person, but given that my admission was covered by that polite family, I stopped in. Sadly there wasn't too much selection in the way of adult shirts- one or two with gaudy lettering/stupid phrases, but mostly cheesy water-print tees featuring a shark mouth on the front circa 1990. Saw a lot of cuter kids tees but nothing in a size that would have worked for me. Other than shirt selection, there was a lot of kid-friendly type stuff, which again contrasted with the lack of kid-centric display materials in the exhibit itself. Pretty decent aquarium considering it's in a casino. Worth a visit if you aren't annoyed by the price, but definitely plan to linger. Watching the jellies, fish tunnel, and octopus are good places for this.
3	An absolute must do if touring Las Vegas with kids!This place reminded me so much of Aquarium of the Bay in San Francisco in terms of its structure and set up. Tickets are $18 per adult, and free for kids under 5/ $12 for kids 5 and above. Quite expensive for an aquarium that can be covered in under 30 minutes.The humidity of the place hits you the moment you enter. I was actually amazed to see the diversity in the exhibits, but of course, this place is pricey, so it'd better be worth all that money! So this is what the Shark Reef offers:- Reptiles: The golden crocodile exhibit was one of my favorites. They also have a      Komodo dragon- Fresh Water Fish: Among many others, the piranha never ceases to fascinate me.- Tropical Fish: Beautiful, myriad coloured fish, a la Nemo style. - Touch pool: Nice size touch pool buzzing with stingrays and some star-like fish.- Shark Reef: The highlight of the trip- Sandtiger, Sandbar, Galapagos sharks, to name a few. Did not see any Great Whites though. Guess Monterey Bay Aquarium is one of the few places that does house a Great White.They also have a shark exhibit tunnel, which offers a closer look at the sharks.All in all, a nice place to stop by if you have kids with you. Otherwise, skip it and focus on the ritzier things that LV has to offer.
2	I was here about 5 years ago, it's the same exact place. Compared to some of the modern ones around the country this one is not up to speed.
4	I've always enjoyed this aquarium, this last time was the 3rd time I had been. I have to say the only reason I don't give a 5th star is because they haven't expanded it once since it opened. But it's always fun and totally worth it if youve never been before!
4	Lots of cool animals. Kids will definitely enjoy. You get to touch the sting rays. I would give 5 stars bu I think its overpriced. It's not the biggest aquarium.
1	I am a local and have been here twice (we have the annual pass).  I am not impressed with this aquarium at all, but my kids love it so I am going to give it one star.  My husband tried to take my boys to the aquarium yesterday and was met by a rude employee.  When I purchased my annual pass, I misunderstood the gentleman who gave me my passes.  I was given an annual pass that a babysitter, or hubby could use.  I thought since I wasn't going, that my husband could take them using this "guardian" pass at no charge.  Well, I was wrong, you have to buy a ticket.  That is fine, but the way the employee and manager handled it was just plain wrong.  They both told my husband, see this name on the card, that is not you very rudely.  Really?! I can't believe anyone would give this aquarium five stars.  Have they not been to a real aquarium before?  You can make it through the whole "aquarium" in about 25 minutes.  If it weren't for my kids, I wouldn't ever grace the presence of this place.  But, sometimes you have to take the high road and suck it up.  The ladies I have encountered in the gift shop have been extremely pleasant, maybe the manager and the lady working the VIP window can learn how to treat their patrons from them.
4	This is a small aquarium and it great for kids.It is on the pricey side, but it is a really nice aquarium albeit small. Nice gift shop and the prices are too crazy in there. The tunnels are pretty neat and my 9 yr old daughter spent at least 20 minutes at the ray touch tank. The octopus was really active and friendly. It kept creeping to one end of the tank and then kind of sling-shotting itself back across to the other end.  Octopuses generally aren't that active so I don't know if that was a fluke or not. We enjoyed the shark reef a lot. There are some interactive computer info stations that are neat. You can rush through, or if you really enjoy sea life, you can take the time to look for a while and really enjoy it. We were there about 1 1/2 hours.
5	My little boy totally loves this place so we got an annual pass. Has a great local discount, its a small venue, but hey Vegas isn't known for its sea life! It's not in the Mandalay Bay, its near the convention center. I never go on the weekends, and I go first thing in the mornings too.
4	The aquarium was a little smaller than I expected, but the aquatic animals here more than make up for it.  Admission is $18 for adults.  After going through the Komodo dragon (very cool) Amazon fish, and tidepool sections, you will eventually come to the main attraction, the giant tube where sharks and giant fish swim around, under, and over you.  They have some rare fish you won't see anywhere else, like the green sawfish, and the sharks they have are amazing to watch.  They have scuba divers that go in the tank sometimes to feed the fish, or maintain the tank, and it's cool to see them swim around in their chain mail armor just inches away from the sharp teeth of the sharks.
4	Currently, the price to enter is $18 for adults.  I had high hopes for the aquarium, but unfortunately it let me down in regards to how much was available to the visitor.  All in all, you can get through it in about 45 minutes if you read everything.They do a very good job at keeping the tanks clean which was nice to see and all the tanks were very active.  They have a large variety of species and the touch screens can be very informative if you spend time on them.
3	It took forever just to get to Shark Reef Aquarium, I mean we seriously walked the tunnels of the Mandalay Bay for about 15- 20 minutes and then waited on line to buy our tickets. Just as many tourist friendly places you take these silly looking pictures before you actually do the tour and of course they try to sell the over priced picture at the end of your tour.We finished the tour in probably 45-60 minutes and that was probably because we took so many pictures of the beautiful fish and sharks. The tanks were clean and you could tell that  they maintained the area very well. They have a manta ray petting tank so you can lean over and rub their backs. I had to jump in front of a few kids just to see the sharks and take my shots before the next wave of kids came running in. For $18 I was expecting (/hoping) to see more, maybe some huge sharks or something out of the Jaws movie but then again it is a family friendly place.
3	It's OK- I took my nephews here and they had a great time/i have seen other aquariums that were better -but being that they are under the age of 5 they really don't know any better
2	The kids had fun but totally overpriced for what they have to offer. Cashman did the photos...what a joke that was still waiting for their system to come up 2 days later and they are offering nothing to compensate for the hassle.
4	It is nice, the only thing that always irritates me is standing in line for an hour with a small child...going crazy. This place is nice, clean, and fun. reasonably priced, We have been there about 8 times...it is great price for locals with small children. We always go to the buffet after (on Sunday) Park from the russell road, go around and the parking is right there, no walking, no valet, it drops you right in the back and saves 2 hours of walking!!!
4	Another great place to visit to escape the heat and the constant noise of chips and slot machines while in Mandalay Bay.  It is a tad bit dark in there, and I was not sure of the policy of using a lot of flash photography, so I wish the lighting was a tad bit better, but it may be what the fish require, so I can't base my review on it.  It was very clean in there however.The Komodo Dragon was huge an pretty cool to see, as well as the jelly fish, sting ray petting section, and all of the sharks they had.This aquarium I find was very hard to rate.  It is a tad bit expensive for an aquarium, but it is Vegas however, so the market varies a lot.  For being in Vegas, if you have kids, it is a good place to go to however, and still a good place to catch a breather for a change of pace.Cheers
5	While I'll agree that $18 for one a single visit is a bit exorbitant. I'm reviewing as a local Nevadan whom purchased the annual pass for $40. I think it's a steal and gives me a reason to come to the strip more often, hoping to come around feeding time!
4	Although I thought it was WAY too expensive, I actually really liked the exhibit. They had a broad range of animals, and all the tanks were VERY clean and all the animals VERY healthy.I've worked as an aquarist volunteer at the Aquarium of the Pacific, so I am REALLY picky about these kinds of things, so I kept a sharp eye out and was just so pleased. OK so maybe a few of the animals were a little pudgy, but better that than sick or scrawny. Why are animals so cute with a few extra pounds??I liked the 'sunken ship' feel of the final major tank exhibit. Also, very cool that they had a very nice cichlid tank (that I don't think anyone else there noticed but me, as it was right behind the alligator and dragon). I would go again IF I could get tickets much cheaper.
4	Yes, this place is overpriced, especially if you go through the whole aquarium in 30 minutes.  Take your time and this place becomes worth it.  If you're local, don't forget the discount.  As for what you get...As soon as you walk into the aquarium, you will be in the reptile/alligator area.  So, expect to sweat a little.  It's muggy, sticky, and musty.  But it cools off once you get to the underwater animals. You are able to see a bunch of different fishes, sharks, alligators, phiranna's, reptiles, and jelly fish.  My favorite is the petting area where you can touch sting rays.  The shark aquarium and tunnel is also pretty good. I also hear that you can swim with the sharks.  I might have to try that one day.  This place is a good getaway from your typical Vegas strip scene.  Plus, the kids will enjoy it.
2	The price is 18.00 per person to get in, I expected a lot more sharks and bigger sharks. The ones I saw we are not so big.
3	Really pricey for such a small venue. Not too many animals to see for paying so much. I guess that is to be expected when you're on the strip.
4	nice way to get away from the strip, from the casino, from the people! its fun, but its short.
2	I love aquariums so I HAD to come here while we were in Vegas. I'd been here on a previous trip but that was awhile ago so I forgot a lot of it. Anywho the admission price is rather high ($18 for adults) for the size of the exhibit... you can go through the whole thing really fast. The animals there are cool though, so it's still a nice touristy thing to do I guess. I loved the jellyfish, the tunnel in the shark tank, and the stingray touch pool! I touched a stingray and it was squishy :}They really catch you with the photos though. Of course we wanted a memento of our trip! We neglected to take the ticket+photo package, so we paid full price for 3 photos w/ different backgrounds, which was like $40 but you get a nice frame too (but it's really heavy!). The photo person also said to give your email so they can send you digital copies of the pictures. She neglected to explain that you would need to PAY for said digital copies. I was under the impression that since we had already paid a lot for the hardcopies, the digital photos were part of the package?? Wrong! When I got the email about it, the digital photos cost like $18 ea. Argh!! For the price of admission PLUS what you're paying for the photos, you'd think at least digital downloads of the photos would be free :(
2	This is one of the few places I think are kid friendly in Vegas. Mandalay bay is a beautiful resort. I do however think they went overboard in the wrong areas with this exhibition. Theres only about 10 exhibits containing fish and 1 super nice one at the very end. In my opinion they spent to much on theatrics and not enough on aquarium space. For example, the ray area looks dead on a persons expecation of a cave, but only has 3 exhibits. Its massive. You could easily tear out a wall and put in several more species of fish. I will give them credit for the main display, the shark tank themed like a sunked ship was massive. You could barely make up the back of the tank from the viewing area. Thats it thou, everything else was interesting but non-exciting. I wont return unless they under go a massive remodel w/ an emphasis on adding display space. Taking your time, you can be done with this in about 45 minutes. Not worth the $20 admission.
4	Easily one of the best things we did while in Vegas.But take your time because you can go through it really fast.
3	Maybe I should have read the reviews before I agreed to go to the Shark Reef. I definitely would have had better expectations. However, I didn't.I exercised my right as a local and got my whopping $3 discount. Every penny counts right! So I spent $60 for four adults and luckily all our kids were free. Maybe it was the time of day we went but the reptiles they had were either hiding, non existent or sleeping. The lack of reptile fun was made up by the beauty of some of the trees and waterfalls inside. However, it was a little humid inside so that part was not fun. The aquarium of fish was definitely amazing and my two year old had so much fun pointing at all the fishes and watching them swim. It seemed like their was millions of fish. All kinds, all sizes, from one side of the world and to other other. I swear I even saw Dori from "Finding Nemo". They have an area where you can pet the sting rays and this was a lot of fun. The tank of the jelly fish was definitely one of my favorites.I will admit, it was a decent experience. The kids enjoyed their selves and I got to do something I have been wanting to do since I lived in Las Vegas. I just imagined this place to be so much bigger and much more extravagant. I would go back if I could score tickets at a much better price than $15 per person (with locals discount) other than that, I am not sure I would. It was worth the one time visit but that is about it.
4	Ok so its a small aquarium and its not half as fun as say the Monterey Bay Aquarium or Aquarium of the Pacific in Long Beach, or Sea World. Then again I am bumping it up a bit for being in Las Vegas in a land locked desert location. So yeah this place kicks ass up to a 4 from a 3 star...Its a nice way to get away from the usual lost wages stuff like gluttony, greed, sloth, and some of the other deadly sins. It really is fun and refreshing here. Located deep in the bowels of the Mandalay Bay, it allows a nice cool humid environment. What better place to be during a hot desert summer/indian summer day?PRO TIP: Take your camera and snap pictures... you will be much happier when your phone doesnt run out of juice from having taken so many shots.This is one of like 3-4 things that I think are great for children here in lost wages. It is definitely not a family town, but this was from their push to become one. Its not Sin City for nothing you know...None the less a slow stroll through the aquarium is always a very enjoyable experience. I would suggest if you bring your kids to vegas to take them here... I would more highly suggest going yourself before a show at Mandalay Bay in order to kill an hour or two. This is one of the more enjoyable random things that you can find here in Lost Wages. So check it out sometime.
3	Family Friendly *****Price for the Venue Size **Overall Rating ***The Shark Reef was the perfect place for an afternoon in Vegas. I think the price is a little high at $25 for 1 adult and 1 child with the Locals discount! The sting ray exhibit was the best and allowed guests to touch with "1 finger with a closed fist". I felt sorry for the worker who must repeat instructions a million times!It was cool that the aquarium surrounded you in 2 walk through tunnels. They jellyfish tank was one of my favorites and they are just fascinating to watch!I bet this small venue could get crowded with a million strollers and kids running around on the weekends but during our week day visit it wasn't that busyEditRemove
3	Went for the Halloween special "Haunted Reef" and I have to say that the decorations were pretty weak, but the aquarium is pretty decent for being a side show attraction at a hotel. The main shark tank is really cool, but the the other cages and tanks seem to be uncomfortably small for some of the creatures. I can't say if I would go back again, but it's probably worth checking out if you haven't been.
4	It was Anniversary time! But we didn't' want to spend a ton of money on food or booze. Plus, were weren't interested in going to a show at the time. So, what to do?Aquarium!Don't get me wrong: This place is TINY! Narrow walk ways and close quarters in general. Even the exhibits are small. I do hope that all of the animals in there are ok. They do seem treated well but I wonder if they would be happier with larger homes. i think the most open area is at the very end, the shark tank.Speaking of said tank, it was TOTALLY the highlight of this place. They built it so it looks like a sunken ship and it is SO creepy. It's very dark and all these frikin horrifying sharks are swimming around......Their eyes... Dead eyes...I will admit that it is overpriced. Like... REAL overpriced. Over $30.00 per person!? Not to mention (totally mentioning) the picture when you leave is stupid expensive. $20.00 for 1 picture? That is Disneyland prices! Are we IN Disneyland!? No we are not. Check yourself my friend.Still it is one of the only places left in Vegas that doesn't have practically naked women for all the little kids to see. Points for that.
3	Ehhh, it was decent, probably not worth your 18 bucks unless you just got lucky at the tables. Or bring the family here, I believe kids get a big discount. But if you're down money I wouldn't recommend it as you will only be in here for 30 minutes tops. My favorite exhibits were the piranhas, anaconda and of course the grand finale shark tank. By the way, there is a Starbucks right outside of the aquarium but I just wanted to inform you not to buy drinks if you decide to go into the exhibit. I got denied access because of my coffee and had to rush on killing my coffee which I don't like doing.
2	I've been to this several years ago and felt it was so-so, but my boyfriend has never gone, so we decided to go ahead.  Save your almost $20/person & do something else in Vegas!  This is a small area where you see a few fish, few types of sharks, and alligator, then walk through an expensive gift shop at the end.  It was pretty crowded too, so that made it even less pleasant.  You're not missing a thing by not going to this.
2	There were SO many people the day that my sister and I went to the Shark Reef Aquarium in Mandalay Bay. I felt like the place let too many people in when the place is so incredibly small. At $18.00 for an adult ticket, this place is a rip-off. Compared to Long Beach Aquarium, there isn't much to see. You are asked to take some pictures while there's a long line waiting and watching you pose like a shark is attacking you! Then you follow the trail and see a crocodile, fish, jelly-fish, turtles and more animals. And because this place is called "Shark Reef Aquarium" with signs of sharks all over the hotel, you would expect to see huge sharks swimming around. But the sharks are pretty tiny. The aquarium that I went to in Sydney had bigger sharks than this aquarium. It took us about a half an hour to walk through the whole aquarium, only because there were so many people and we took a lot of pictures. The best thing about this aquarium is the open area where you can touch the sting rays. But still, I was faced with parents shoving their child in front of my face so that he could have a chance to touch the ray. "Do you mind if I let him touch the sting ray?" a parent asked me, before proceeding to shove me back and scoot his precious child to the edge to touch the sting ray without even waiting for my response. That was low. Would not recommend for anybody who is looking for a cool place to visit that isn't too expensive. I think this shark reef is overpriced and not worth the money you pay. Go to the SIlverton Aquarium  instead. An impressive tank with lots of fish and live feedings for free!
3	worth $18, no not at all. I only went because my family was in town and they have kids and we needed kid friendly things to do. It was nice but nothing spectacular!  I think we walked through the entire place in about 25 minutes. Some interesting fish and some cool sharks. The best part was the tunnel you walk through and you are covered in fish and sharks from head to toe. The man who ran the sting ray area was a little annoying, treated the adults like children and it was pretty annoying.  The lady that was the security guard where the piranha's were was not friendly.  She did not seem like she wanted to be there and when we asked questions she mumbled so much I couldn't hear anything. Will I go back.....no!  Did I have a nice time, yes. But not worth what I paid. If you are a NV resident you do get a $3 discount.
3	$18 or $15 for locals.It is decent bang for your buck, but like others have said, don't expect a full on aquarium.  I doubt we were in here longer than an hour letting my little one run around and taking his time seeing everything.  We read most of the signs and took our time at all the tanks, and it still felt short.I wasn't expecting too much though, being hidden in Mandalay Bay and being to a few full size aquariums in Cali, but I still don't feel like I wasted my money or anything.Something decent to check out, just have your expectations in check.
3	The ticket price (I believe it was 18 bucks per adult ticket) is not justified, but then again if you're not suffering from a hangover and wide awake during the day time in vegas and you just happen to be near or staying at Mandalay AND you have absolutely nothing else to do, by all means go for it.A walk-around of this mid-sized aquarium will eat up a good 2 hours worth of your time, which I guess is worth it considering that I would have lost 10 times more at the poker tables. My favorite part is the petting tank (never felt a slimy sting ray and horseshoe crab before...) and the majestic jelly fish tank.This place is a sure delight for kids 6 and under.
4	I loved this Aquarium. THe Large shark tank was awesome!!!! There is this one part in the tank where you can stand and the floor is glass looking into the tank and you look up ad the ceiling is glass!!! IT is crazy you feel like you are in a tank with a bunch of sharks. They had a bunch of different animals including a Kimono Dragon which was really cool and the people there really seemed to know there stuff. If I remember right the big tank was 1.2 million gallons!!!!! SUPER COOL!!!!
3	Not the largest aquarium you will go to, (or at least it won't feel like it,) but it does have some positive points. Like everywhere else in Vegas, you get stopped for a green screen photo at the beginning, but they actually direct you into three poses, and give you context, so the prints don't completely suck at the end. (They're $20 for one, or $40 gets you 3 and a cute and sturdy-looking frame.)There is a tank in the middle of the attraction filled with rays you can touch, but much like the the other staff at Shark Reef, the woman working here didn't seem to care if you did. The guests were much more encouraging of each other. The large tank and tunnel at the end, filled with sharks, soft-shelled turtles, and exotic fish was my favourite (and that of most,) and was fun to take pictures in. All in all, I'm glad I went, but I'm also glad that I got a pretty steep discount. We were through it all in 45 minutes or less.
4	Location: In Mandalay Bay Admission:Adults: $18.00Children (5-12): $12.00Children (4 & under): freeI agree with Mel C. Do take your time when you're inside. Time flies if you're just rushing your way through each tanks. Take your time and you will notice things you would probably not notice if you just speed rushing it. Won't worth your $$.The shark tanks are humongous! Makes these sharks look even bigger than usual. Quite scary :X There's reptiles, fishes, sharks, turtle/tortoise and check out their feeding time. Very entertaining. :DRecommend to bring your kids if you're bringing to them Vegas! I know most parents would bring the kids to New York, New York for the arcades and Circus Circus, but it'll be a change of their experience if they were here. It will give them a good WOW. Plus, it'll educate them, which is a plus win! :)Yup, good place for family and kids to be!
3	The Shark Reef. One of the many cool places to visit. The interior decorations are well-designed. I experienced this aquarium recently during my trip to Vegas and would say it is a bit pricey unless you are a resident or are a student. My favorite part was spectating the komodo dragon and fish like Piranha. During the walk, I was surprised at how amazing the environment setting was for the various fish in the tanks. There were a lot of big fish and there's even a section where you can "pet" stingrays. I recommend attending the place, but not worth the price to revisit. TIP! The beginning of the aquarium is suuuuper warm!
4	Exceptional pricing ($20/adult - $15/child) for what you get.  It's Disney quality once inside.Don't be afraid to touch the Rays!  They're in the open pool for a reason.  Just make sure to use the wash station when you're done.Would be nice if they included a small restaurant/snack shop to take a break in.Sharks Everywhere!!Enjoy.
4	Definitely worth it for the price! Significant numbers of sharks, a sting ray petting area and large reptiles! It can get crowded at times, so plan to wait in line! It's also a long trek from the entrance to the hotel or the tram stop.
3	I got really lucky. My friend Angela had the hook-up here and had a friend that got us an employee discount. $7. Yep, $7. Why is this good? It's normally $18 and I tell you something, for $18 this place would have sucked. Really, really sucked. $18 is way over-priced. Seriously, if you can get some kind of discount you absolutely need to.It's definitely cool to walk in these aquarium tunnels and watch sharks swim over you. They even have a petting zoo for stingrays and horsehoe crabs. The last room, the Sunken Ship is hands down the coolest room. It's got the biggest sharks and I think the biggest tank. It's really well designed. Place is also a great date place. I'd love to take a date here and snuggle in the semi-dark areas where the light of the tanks give a sensual glow. Wow, my writer side of me came out there.So it's ridiculously pricey.
3	Not the biggest aquarium you'll ever see compared to Boston, etc. but worth a visit, especially if you can get a discount pass. Plan to spend an hour or so, maybe less if you move quickly. Be sure to spend some time watching the main tank from different vantage points and also spend a few minutes looking at the piranhas.
4	I would say it was worth it.  $18 bucks is a little on the high side of things when it comes to aquariums.  Being from southern California, I can go to the Long Beach Aquarium or Santa Monica for the same price, and have a lot more fish to look at.  But for in Vegas, which is expensive by definition, it was a really cool little thing.  They have sharks, piranhas, and two of those overhead tunnels.  If you're asking me if you should go...I would say hell yeah!
4	Love this place. $18 per adult, $12 for kids. Take advantage of the green screen photos. They have lots of fun backgrounds. $20 for one picture, $40 for 3 with a cool Mandalay Bay Shark Reef frame. I love these kinds of pictures, we got 3 with different backgrounds.This place isn't very big, so take your time. Read all the signs. Touch all the animals that are available. Call ahead and find out when they do feedings.
4	Much nicer than I thought it would be!My husband and I love aquariums, so we had to stop by the Shark Reef Aquarium. I was surprised by the variety of animals they had. The exhibits were very well kept and nice, with plenty of space for lots of people to comfortably stand.I would recommend stopping by at least once. Really nice, really fun!
4	Very small venue!  From a time management perspective, if you are bringing your family through here, go slow at each exhibit or you will be in and out in 30 minutes.  Seriously!  Do not overestimate how quickly this entire experience can go.  Plenty of great things to see, but again, not a giant display by any means.
2	You know... I wasn't that impressed. For the amount of money you pay, the venue is tiny! I usually like to stop and read and really take the time to learn everything but it only took me 20 minutes to go through this aquarium. Especially when I have kids with me...it is just not quite big enough.I think it is a little over hyped.
1	I'm iffy on aquariums (and zoos) unless they seem to be legitimately helping support marine life. This one isn't.Plus you'll be through all the exhibits in 20 minutes, and most of the delay is because it's tiny and there are lots of other people in there.
4	Pretty neat place... came with my camp group and it was fun. Only 4 stars because I have been to better aquariums.
4	We take the kids to Shark Reef about once a year.  It is definitely pricey if you don't use a locals or employee (all MGM properties) discount.  I agree with others, really take your time going through.  It is not very big so you might be surprised when you get to the end.  We usually go midweek and its not to crowded.  Our last visit was on a holiday and it was crazy busy.  The line was almost out to the casino and they were only letting in a few people in every 5 mins or so.  It is nice that they do that when it gets busy because even staggering people coming in, it was still really crowded once you got inside.  So if you can stick to weekdays or at the least skip holidays.  Overall it's a fun place to take the kiddos.
4	The venue is small compared to other aquariums we have visited. However it adds to the fun in Vegas and its not as expensive as other attractions. There are Lots of sharks and since the aquarium focuses on predators it's exciting too. Great for kids and adults.
2	This Aquarium is so small it's not worth the $18 ($15 for locals). They do have awesome looking fish and sharks but nothing over the top next thing you know your done looking at everything.The only thing I liked about this aquarium is that they had jelly fish wish I never seen at another aquarium before.
4	Good place to see, but once seen then you are done.  No sense in going back.  Lines kinda of long, but moves fast.
3	I touched the ray. It felt squishy. I thought the jelly fish were mesmerizing (do they light them with black light?) and the octopus was a ham. The sharks are impressive. Would have given it a 4th star, except for the price vs size of the exhibit.
4	I love aquariums.  You could put two goldfish in a tank, slap an aquarium sign on it, and I'd be the first paying customer in line.  That's why it surprises me that I haven't been here sooner.  But we went with a friend who was visiting here for the first time and was told by someone that it was a must-see.  Locals get a 3 dollar discount.  Came out to $15 a piece.  Hubby and I debated purchasing annual passes ($40) but realized we'd have to go 2 more times to make it worth it considering we'd never take advantage of the 10% off merchandise.  The Komodo dragon was incredible.  It didn't do much but, man, was it cool to watch.  The octopus was really fun too.  Don't get to see too many of those.  I was like a small child, oohing, ahhing, pointing, calling to my husband, "come see this oneeeee!"  I loved the Stingray pool!  Walking through the shipwreck and the "tunnel" was so much fun.  My biggest complaint is the crowd.  So I wouldn't be doing any favors to Mandalay Bay for even suggesting this but, for crying out loud, please limit the amount of people who can be down there at one time!  It is annoying when you're unable to squeeze your behind in between 100 people just to get a glimpse of a turtle.  Also, as you go through the tunnel that's right before the exit there are people who just pop a squat there either waiting for others to be done or just avoiding leaving the exhibit - I don't really know.  But it makes for a tight environment.  I would have bounced back and forth to a few of the exhibits to get a better look but I was just tired of the crowds.  Overall I'd go back if we had visitors who were interested but I'm glad I didn't grab the annual pass.
2	For the $18 ticket price, this aquarium was way smaller than I expected. I wish we had taken our time checking things out. We sped through each exhibit thinking there would be more impressive things ahead, but we reached the end quickly and thought, "Is that it?" My nieces had a blast, but they are 4 and 3 and were also amazed by the monorail.The jellyfish tank and the stingray pool were cool, but nothing stood out to make this place a must-do. One of the employees was more interested in talking about the Lakers instead of the piranhas.If you're in the area and you need to entertain some kids, it might be ok. If not, skip it and hit the pool instead.
2	I really thought this aquarium would be bigger.  It was really small.  For $18, I could have went to another aquarium better like the Mall of America.  The jellyfish take and stingray area were nice but again i was disappointed.  The walk to get to the aquarium was longer than the actual aquarium.  I think for the amount money we paid to get in they can expand the aquarium of add more fish.
4	This is a really cool place to take the kiddoes. And i do mean cool. Nice way to get out of the heat. There are all sorts of interesting sea creatures here, a "jungle" type exhibit to walk through. (Bring a stroller for toddlers), and a very cool "sunken ship" area where the sharks hang out. Id give it five stars but its smaller than most aquariums - and more expensive. If you show your NV ID you do get a discount - but they wont tell you that!
3	kind of $$$$ it's hot inside, not so big you can finish within an Hr. but we enjoyed it
2	For $18, I felt like I got maybe an $10 experience.  The entire reef is much smaller than I thought.  You start off in a jungle like atmosphere (hot and humid).  As you wind down a stone pathway, you will see signs from the Monterrey Bay Aquarium about conservation and such.  I saw it more like propaganda.  One curator was standing by the piranhas.  She wouldn't talk to anyone unless if you asked her questions.  She was very matter of fact and short with all the visitors.  Nothing really stood out.  They have two tunnels to walk through where you can see the sharks which is pretty cool.  The stingray pool and jellyfish tank were OK I suppose.  If you're a fish fanatic like I am, you will be greatly disappointed.  On the other hand for parents, this is a great way to entertain the kids in Vegas.  I'm glad I didn't drag any of my other friends with me.
3	For $18 dollars for the experience was definitely a ripoff of sure as it is much smaller than expected.   More like a $10 dollar experience.  yeah a long walk from the casino.  Pretty cool though you got to touch the stingrays.  yes the walk to the exhibit was long and then there is a part where it was not air conditioned.  But go there one time is okay by me.
3	The place is quite small, it won't take you long to go through the whole place, but it has a good mix of amusing underwater creatures that your small kids would enjoy for a weekend visit.  Pics Please! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/shark-reef-aquarium-las-vegas?select=QyKnZiAkjtu3KMioiuaieQ#QyKnZiAkjtu3KMioiuaieQ
4	Another great way to stay cool in Vegas is to visit the Shark Reef Aquarium inside the Mandalay Bay. The children and adults equally enjoyed all the various sea life on display. The piranha tank was one of my favorites and they feed them once daily so try to make it for feeding time. Also make sure to leisurely stroll between displays as they post fascinating facts on the walls to make one aware of our marine environment.
3	This aquarium is fairly small and high priced for what it is but is super cool for kids that are under aged and in Vegas. The high lights of this aquarium are the sharks and sting ray petting area. You could probably walk through the whole thing in about half an hour? Maybe push it to an hour? Still something new to do on the strip besides drink and shop =P
4	Even though it might not be the biggest aquarium I've been too, the fact that we have one in Vegas is great to take friends visiting from out of town who are in to aquatic life. My favorite parts of the Shark Reef are the petting section for the sting rays and and the million gallon shark tank at the end of the exhibit with tons of sharks ranging over 8 feet in length. The fun part that I want to experience eventually is the diving program in which you go through an instructional course with a professional and then you go in the shark tank with chain metal armor and swim with the big guys! As this is going on, you are given 4 passes so your friends/family can watch you from the other side of the glass with the other guests in the exhibit.
2	Sorry. It's just not worth the $18 admission. I saw a gator. a komodo dragon. some fish (tank of cichlid, another full of piranha). Jellyfish. An area where you can touch the giant rays and poke the horseshoe crabs. The last viewing area before you exit was kind of neat (I suppose). Sharks. Turtles. Saw my first sawfish. But if I can walk through the entire exhibit (I refuse to call it a legit aquarium) in 10 minutes and it was $18? Nope. It's just not worth it then.
2	JUST OK. Picture: a glorified fishtank that only gives you a glimpse of better aquariums that you are missing out on.My #1 tip? Walk VERY slowly... I love aquatic sea life but even taking my time with each exhibit totaled under 30 minutes for the whole experience. VERY DISAPPOINTING. It was cool (and kind of freaky) to see a ginormous alligator, the jelly fish, and shark tank. The Piranhas were a bit disappointing- wished we were there to see the feeding.Please expand!
3	Fun place to wander for a bit. The coolest parts were the tanks that went over and around the hallways, making you feel like you were right in the tank! This was also reasonably priced for Vegas. Relaxing and calm compared to the strip!
3	Great aquarium, bad price. $18 for adults and $12 is for kids, is steep for what's offered. It's not a full aquarium. I enjoyed it, but expected more for my money.
3	A great spot to take the kiddies in Vegas, just don't expect to make a day out of it. I especially liked that there were plenty of exhibits where kids could actually walk up and touch the glass. I've taken my little one to aquariums before and normally you have to stand behind a guard rail, which is frustrating for toddlers. The touch tank was also a cut above what I've seen elsewhere, with crystal clear water and plenty of critters you can easily reach. Their crocodile likes to sleep right up against the glass so you can get a really good look at him, super creepy. The $17 is a little steep I think and being forced to get your photo taken upon entry is pretty obnoxious, so 3 stars from me.
2	Ehhh, paying $18 for a small aquarium, not worth it. It's such a tease when you see a large squid advertisement around the hotel or a great white shark. Then when you go it's just baby sharks and a octopus basically just coiled up. I expected more.
2	Unless you're trying to kill a $20 and an hour don't waste your time. It's got some cool fish and animals (jellyfish were cool) to see but compared to real aquariums like Shedd in Chicago it comes up so short. It feels more like a Vegas "check the box" than a true attempt at building a great attraction.
3	Kid Central.  It's for Kids.  If you dislike kids, do not go.  If you are ok with Kids, it's fun.  It's pricey.  It's not all that long or big.
5	Nice place to take the kids. My 5 and 7 year old loved it.
3	Definitely an interesting stop. At first I wasn't sure if I wanted to go because admission is $18, but the realities is that almost everything is about $20 entry in Las Vegas. It in the grand scheme of things, it is not a lot of money. It was a lot to look at, don't rush. It isn't as big as Sea World, so don't expect it to be. Just enjoy it. We were there when it was 40+ degrees Celsius outside so it was a nice escape from the constant heat. I really enjoyed the touch pool with the horseshoe crabs and stingrays. The jellyfish were really neat, but I wish they had a little more lighting so you could really see them. I loved the tunnels. It was a kick to we walking under a shark. The biggest viewing area was set in a sunken ship. I definitely enjoyed it. We went later in the day, so there was less people which helped make the experience more enjoyable.
4	Why is everyone so damn cheap?? I just cant get over it. Every review I read ppl are complaining about the price. Its like ppl expect to pay $10 for a 4 course 5 star dinner. I am not super cheap but I am also not frivolous either. I just have a realistic view of the world- living is expensive; people have to make a living. My experience so far in life is that most people are very entitled- entitled to have the world and not have to work/pay for it. Now I am sure some ppl are offended by this and their mentality is " I dont mind paying as long as I get what I pay for?" Ok, fair enough. But let me ask you this- What is a reasonable price for an entree at a 5 star restaurant? or better yet... What is a reasonable price for a visit to an aquarium?  Given the fact that an aquarium has to take care of all the animals and pay the staff and make a profit to stay in business...I would say $15 is more than reasonable. So that is a $3 difference.  Now, is $3 really worth complaining about and writing about and getting all worked up about?? Does $3 make the animals any less beautiful and the experience any less fun for you and/or your kids?? NO  Lets say they only charged $10 and the animals were not taken care of properly and the staff was making minimum wage which cannot support their families. Is saving your $8 worth that?? NOI try to buy as many products that are MADE IN AMERICA for exactly the same reason...spend a few more cents and bring the factories back to our country and our people...
1	Not worth the time or money.  A huge disappointment.  Even my 8 year old granddaughter declared this as not much fun.
3	I feel its priced high for what you get. Its not very big and you can walk through in less than 30 mins. I think the hotel can make it bigger, especially since its a special aquarium. Oh well the kids liked it
2	Don't bother unless you have a coupon. We made it through the exhibit in 20 minutes flat - there's just not much to see. From the marketing you'd expect this great Vegas style exhibit and because of that and the price we left feeling very, very ripped off.
4	I visit aquariums with my kids very often so I was preparing for a so so experience but this place was pretty cool! Our whole family loved it.  My favorite part: the sharks of course!
4	A must visit when visiting Vegas with the kiddies. Worth the ticket price $18 for adults and $12 for kids ( some of the money goes to a good cause, pretty cool!). My kids have been to Sea World SD tons of times and I thought maybe this would a bit boring since it is much much smaller. I was wrong, they really enjoyed all the exhibits and spent a good amount of time petting the stingrays.
3	Located in the Mandalay Bay hotel and casino, this attraction has a little bit of everything.  Its not only an aquarium, but has a reptile exhibit as well.  Having been to the monterey bay aquarium, this one of course is nowhere near as big as that, but for the place and space, it does a good job with the amount of different species they offer in the attraction.Its decorated nicely making you feel as though you are in an ancient jungle and the path is safe and wide enough for people in wheel chairs to see the attraction.  They even have piranha's at the exhibit.  The most interesting sections are the 1.5 million gallon tank with the sunken ship.  It has sharks, sea turtles, and other fish.  There are two tubes in the exhibit that allow you to walk though or sit in them while the fish swim around and over the tube.  There is also a sting ray petting area towards the end of the attraction, which is always good for the kids.  The staff are very nice here as well.  The only negative is the amount of kids that were there when we went.  And more than the amount, the way they behaved.  That isn't the exhibits fault at all though.  I believe this attraction would benefit from having guided tours, it would speed up the process, and even allow for less crowding at certain portions of the tour.  But I understand its a money issue.  I would take my kids to see it.
4	Short but to the point tour. We enjoyed ourselves and I highly recommend this tour if you haven't done it yet!
4	I love this kind of stuff.  Went with my cousin's two kids (boy aged 3.5, girl aged 1.5) here with their parents, two other kids and their parents (family of my cousin's wife).  It was a long trek from the MGM where we were staying (okay, not really - but with strollers and little legs, it felt that way).  In all honesty, it took longer to leave the hotel room than it did to get the Mandalay Bay.  In any case, the kids loved it, so it served its purpose.I think that having the children with us allowed us (and encouraged us) to take our time reading each placard to them and really learning for ourselves.  Also, children often see things that adults miss, so it was fun to hold them up to the glass and see their eyes widen with excitement as a large fish brushes by.Towards the end of the exhibit, there's an open shallow pool of sting rays and other bottom swimming creatures that you are allowed to touch.  There was someone explaining what each animal was and how to approach it safely.  I'll admit, I thought that was pretty freakin' cool.  Luckily I did not drop any of the children into the pool.
5	I love this place. The moment you walk in, it's like you've been transported to a tropical place. The first part is pretty interesting. Once you get to the underwater tunnel, in my opinion, the fun begins. It's like you're part of the underwater fun. The touch pool filled with sting rays and horse shoe crabs is great. The best thing about Shark Reef is the sunken ship, where you can see tons of sharks, a few sea turtles, and one huge ray. I was able to see a couple of employees dive while I was there. This is a must do for anyone who is visiting Las Vegas. Yes the price is a bit much, but I feel like you can get your moneys worth there.
2	I have to keep telling myself this is for kids, not adults. If they enjoy it, then I guess, so be it! Thank God we were able to get in free because of employment with CCSD. $18 for adults and $12 for kids???? Total rip off. I think, even with the crowds, it took us less than 20 minutes to finish. I'm sure it wouldve been 10 min w/o the crowds. The place was very clean & well kept. The tunnels were pretty cool and my kid seemed to enjoy it being so young. At the end, just like every other attraction all over the world, you walk out into a gift shop. Overall, cute place but wayyyyy overpriced!!!
4	Being from San Diego I've gone to my fair share of aquariums and what not and this place really is no different than any other aquarium.  I'm not saying its bad or anything, it's actually really nice, but an aquarium is an aquarium.  The best part for me was walking through a tunnel in which the fish and sharks surround you.  This was super awesome to me because I've always wanted to do that since that's what you typically see on TV and now I've finally done it.  The other thing I really enjoyed was watching the sea turtles, I love turtles so I freaked out when I saw them and pretty much just stared at them for 15 minutes.  If you have kids definitely bring them here, they will love it.  As an adult, its kinda just something to do, but I enjoyed it :)Downside: when you first walk in it is pretty stuffy and humid but as you go in the AC kicks in so no worries.  Lastly, there's a 3 for $57 promotion.  You choose 3 different exhibits, museums, etc and only pay $57 to get in and no you don't have go to all 3 places in one day.  We chose BODIES($32), Titanic ($32), and Shark Reef Aquarium($18) for a grand total of $82 so we saved $25 each...not too shabby.
3	Still fun and unique enough for first timers...maybe showing its age and alittle lack luster for those who have been here before. Its a bit of a hike to get to Mandalay Bay ...and in my opnion the attraction needs a facelift to take it into the next 10 years and keep it fresh and interesting...ALSO be aware that the entire food court was under construction and you may want to be sure its up and running before you plan to visit!(July 2013)
3	Not much to see quite small, it's ok but not worth the high price. Employees are kids too.
5	Small but great to visit
4	Pretty small place but it's such a nice break from the strip and the drinking, I enjoyed seeing all of the animals/reptiles.  Located inside Mandalay Bay, it's easy to find and you pass a ton of cute restaurants on the way
3	A decent aquarium, but small and disappointing. But, I wouldn't expect anything too terribly big from a Vegas hotel and casino. Near the hotel/casino, you'll see ads for the aquarium advertising sharks, but there's a lot more than that. They are also accredited by the Association of Zoos and Aquariums, so it gets points for that. They also make at attempt at educating about conservation, so more points for that. They've got a nice selection of species for the size though. It's also a pretty good way to beat the heat, even though it's a bit expensive.One gripe I had with this place was the line to get into the line to enter. Seriously? They also have one of those green screen photo ops set up, which slows the whole line down. I don't know about you guys, but I'd rather get my photo taken next to the real thing than have it edited in later. In general, this is a good place to beat the heat, but there are much better aquariums out there.
4	It's an aquarium. As I love pretty much all underwater creatures and find them fascinating, I've made a visit here each time I've been to Vegas. I could stand for hours just looking at the rays and sharks (some of the favorites). It's a bit small, but it's enough for one to kill a couple of hours and get some rest from the drinking and gambling. I enjoyed it thoroughly, but wish that it could be a bit bigger and include a larger variety of fish.
3	Not too bad for the $ ^_^ . Lots of kids.
2	i definitely think this is a kid/child friendly activity rather than for adults. we had 6 of us expecting some really cool stuff but we were left wanting more at the end. it probably took us less than 15minutes to walk thru the whole thing and at $18.95 a person that's pretty steep. i think we waited to get in longer than the time we spent in there! we did end up buying the photo for $27 or so. but the shark tank in the bahamas is way cooler!
3	Maybe I'm just spoiled living in Southern California with a great aquarium near us for only a few dollars more for admission. I thought it was neat but I left feeling like I had overpaid!!Once I reached the exit, I was shocked! I told my husband and kids to turn around and enjoy the sharks a little longer to try and absorb as much of it as we could to get our $18 admission! So glad my kids were young enough to be free!!
1	It costs 18 dollars to get in.Problems:The line to buy a ticket into the shark reef is ridiculously slow, and even after you have made it through that line, you have to wait to enter the shark reef as these guys have the audacity to make everyone take a picture at the entrance so they can sell it back to you later. Never have I seen this kind of crap, we had to catch a flight soon and this slowed us down. The exhibit is too small for the price and the sharks are not big enough.
4	A smaller aquarium with very limited, and somewhat dated/kitschy-looking exhibits. However, I give this place 4 stars because 1) they are the only aquarium in NV accredited by the AZA, and 2) I appreciate the fact that they have some very special animals for such a small aquarium: a Komodo dragon, sawfish, green sea turtle, a bowmouth guitarfish - all of which are threatened or endangered and uncommon animals to be found in captivity. Also, the touch tank filled with a variety of rays and skates and horseshoe crabs was awesome.
4	Although this is a pretty small aquarium, I thought it was really great. I loved the theme and the exhibits were adequately sized... overall a great experience. Highly recommended.
4	As a fan of all of the "other" things to do in Vegas, I had somehow never made it to the Shark Reef Aquarium until this recent trip.  It is $18 to get in, but I was lucky enough to get free tickets through the MyVegas game on the Facebook, so I have to say at the price of FREE it was a real value.  For $18, I may not have felt it was quite the same value.It is quite small.  They have a little interactive map to look at and it gave me the impression it was bigger than it was, but even though it was small, it was really nicely done.  The setting is tropical and we really liked it.... very disney-esque you could say.They start out with some exhibits displaying reptiles and then they get to the meat of the undersea exhibits.  They have a two-sided tank with sharks and other sea life and it even goes over your head and then at the end they have another larger one with more of the big guys and less of the little fish in it.  IN between those is a ray petting tank when you can actually touch the sting rays (barbs removed, of course) and they have a really cool jellyfish tank.  I so love jellyfish!  They look so cool!So, it's small, but they do have some interesting animals to look at... they even have some lionfish with a little info on how destructive these animals are to the ocean - but then they sell lionfish things in the gift shop which kind of glorifies them... That was strange, but I get that they look really cool.  They just are really bad news.Overall, we enjoyed it.  I spent probably 30 minutes in there and took a TON of photos... because, hey, it's digital, so I can.  But, if you've seen a lot of aquariums already or if you are an avid snorkeler/diver, this probably won't excite you so much.
4	I LOVED this place. Yes, I know it is not Shedd or the GA Aqua. in ATL, but it is awesome for Mandalay Bay. My in-laws came to town and we went so they could see my spawn interact with the animals. I was happy, so was the hubs, and my child was in an aquatic wonderland. He could not get enough of the tunnels. We had to bribe him to get him out. I don't think my in-laws enjoyed it as much, but they had much different expectations than my 5 year old. He cannot wait to go back. He loved the shark tunnels and petting the "slimy, slippery" Stingrays. Oh, and if you are a NV resident - DISCOUNT. Mandalay Bay is one of my faves on the Strip, so this Reef Aqua. is a plus for the kiddo.
3	A little pricey for a 45-60 minute walk through. But...the kids loved it!!! They were most excited to see an octopus. They only had one and it was hiding up in the corner. We were excited to touch the stingrays but one of the kiddos couldn't reach and the other was scared!! The sharks were pretty cool swimming above and around us while we walked through. Pretty disappointing on all. $18 adults$12 kids
4	I've always wondered whether this Shark Reef would be a cheap tourist attraction.  I was pleasantly surprised.  This is much more than a cheap shark tank.  They're a legitimately run aquarium with sea turtles, komodo dragons, alligators, sharks, jellyfish, octopus, and pirahnas!  You could pet a ray and it has lots of places to take pictures.I definitely enjoyed my trip here - especially with my discount through the facebook game affiliated with MLife.   I understand that aquariums tend to need to charge $15-20 to stay afloat, but my lone criticism is that this aquarium would benefit with inclusive educational experience or interactive experiences along with admission.  Self-guided tours, shows, and/or interactions with staff would be interesting.I was pleasantly surprised by this place and I would consider coming back.  But only if they had experiences that offered drew me in.
3	The Mandalay Bay Shark Reef was cool to experience but towards the end I had seen enough and was ready to leave. It was very humid inside and I always felt I was in someone's way.Touching a few stingrays was the highlight of this exhibit.But, for the price to get in. I wouldn't  go again. TIP: Get the 3 attractions for $57.00 deal at the Luxor and you can pick two other things to do for a great price!
3	Perhaps this is unfair as we went to the Monterrey Bay Aquarium last summer. If you have little kids (10 and under?) that need a little fun on the strip, you could do worse.It's not so big (45 minutes?) and not terrible. It just suffers in comparison to other (real) aquariums. So: Good for kids, cute souvenir photos available, near the (totally delicious) Border Grille, also at the Mandalay. Nothing special unless you haven't been to another aquarium in the last few years.
3	Very disappointed with my visit here was definitely not worth the time and money... I did however purchase the 3 for $57 so we chose this the Secret Garden at mirage and Bodies the exhibition at Luxor which in my opinion was the best of the 3!
4	Nice place for the family to discover the wonders of the sea. An hour is about the time you need to get around the place.
4	Very entertaining for my kids. In Vegas there are a few places that you can take them and this is one location you don't want to miss.  I would of given them 5 stars but service at the front was terribly slow!  It took almost 39 minutes to get the ticket and the line was not even long. There was only 1 cashier!!  Once you enter, they take a pic of you an s green screen and they superimpose pics of Vegas and sharks on it. Then you walk your way through some alligators, fish and then finally the sharks.  It is not very big, maybe about 1/2 hour to go through the entire aquarium.  A little expensive but I understand it takes a lot to upkeep everything.
3	Shark Reef Aquarium..... I like Sharks , reefs, and aquariums .... So i went . Pretty damn cool if i do say so myself , I got to pet a sting ray (which scared the crap out of me by moving slightly, may be a deep fear of knowing what they did to Mr. Irwin) The sunken ship aquarium was very cool with a huge variety of fish, sharks, manta's, and turtles. One of my favorite things to do at an aquarium is make fun of the ugly and funny looking fish, i know they cant hear me but i like to think they can, either way this aquarium had no shortage of them. So between telling the jellyfish they had no central nervous system and trying to stop myself from laughing at the shark with a saw for a head I had a pretty damn good time. The only criticism i have about this place is the start of the tour where I'm pretty sure they threw a dead alligator and dead komodo dragon in cages to attract more customers, that and the drunk Australian tour guide who was trying to explain to everyone the difference between creationism and evolution ... whatever mate. If your in town and got 16 bucks to spare (and don't mind sobering up for an hour) check it out. And don't worry jellyfish have no feelings or emotions, they can take it.
4	I have a soft spot for sea creatures. I could spend days in an aquarium. This was a nice way to kill a few hours away from the slot machines. It is also a good family friendly activity. I loved seeing all their conservation efforts throughout the exhibits. As much as I love my sea creatures I don't know if it is worth paying to do this activity again next time we are in Vegas.
3	--HOW TO GET THERE--Tell the taxi driver that you are going to Shark Reef and don't say to take you to Mandalay Bay.This place is at the VERY back of Mandalay Bay and you need to walk through the entire convention center in the back (about 5-10min walk?).If you tell the taxi driver that you want to go to the reef, there is an entrance in the back next to it.--Reef Review--The reef is just a-ok.  You get to see a Komodo Dragon, Alligator, some jelly fish, touch a stingray, go through a tunnel and then see the world famous aquarium.It ends really fast, I'd say the most you can get is 30 mins.The aquarium setup could've been better.  There are so many bars and walls that it just felt cramped and you never have that "aww" moment of seeing a 1.3gallon tank.  Yea sure, it's 360 to some level, but there are too many people to enjoy any of it.  I went on a Tuesday too.  I can't imagine how bad it would be during a weekend.Cost is $18/person and there are some discounts if you are a Nevada resident or have collected enough points on the vegas app.
3	As others have stated, a little expensive, but what's not in Vegas? Get the mlife  bogo, and it's not a bad deal.
3	Convenience for tourists on the Strip is it's biggest asset. Personally I think it's a bit overpriced for what you get... They've definitely let their shark population decline over the past several years and you don't get to pet them anymore.
5	Pretty awesome aquarium if you (like me) go to aquariums mostly to see the sharks. Admission for adults was just under $20 ($18ish I think) and well worth it. My local aquarium is almost twice that! They have a stingray and horseshoe crab petting area, rain forest type setting when you first walk in (crocodile and komodo dragon exhibits), and some random fish. They have the token jellyfish column which is pretty awesome looking, an octopus, a few other fish, and a 22 foot deep 1.3m gallon (I think that's right) shark tank. The shark tank is home to several species of shark. It's modeled after an underwater shipwreck and has glass ceiling and glass floor features. It's calm and serene and you get a really good view of some sharks up close. They seem pretty friendly in that they swim right next to the glass so you can get some good pics. I found that the dark corner (on the right hand side when you first get to the shark area) is where you'll probably see the most shark activity. There are also a few other large fish in with the sharks as well as a sea turtle.Overall, if you like sharks this is a pretty reasonably priced attraction that you won't want to miss.
3	Been here multiple times now and had various experiences.  Twice we have been here with a group and we just sailed thru it and were done within half an hour.  Its crowded and hard to see the exhibits close up with little ones.  But once we came here for a birthday party and now once with a Girl Scout function and both times were amazing.  The birthday party was a little overstimulating as open to the public at the same time so had to keep an eye on your own kid (not the best environment for a large birthday party if you plan on having kids dropped off).  But the Girl Scout troop got let in before open to the public, we saw a bride going to get married inside even and the girls loved it.  We had a private tour guide who took us thru the entire exhibit and had the kids sit, and told age appropriate details regarding every single animal they saw.  They got to touch the sting rays, see the octopus move, the kimono dragon and they all were mesmerized for the two hours.  They even went into a classroom, just like at the birthday party (the best part of the party), where they played bingo about the animals, and got to take pictures and touch different things like eggs, sea sponge, shark skin, and more.  The tour guide was great and this made this a great experience.  If you are going to go to shark reef its not bad with a locals discount otherwise it doesn't take much time. If you can get a private tour thru an organization then its worth it and a great experience!
3	First off let me say that I'm thankful we have an aquarium out here in Vegas but I think they could've done better. It's pricey so I'd recommend the annual pass if you're a local. My kids do have a thing for sharks which is why we keep coming back but it's so small you can probably walk through in 10 minutes or less. Take your sweet time to make it worth it. I remember the first time here, my thoughts were "That's It?" I guess I'm spoiled by the Long Beach Aquarium. And the picture they force you to take upon entering is just annoying. It should be optional not mandatory. I would definitely call this one a tourist trap but I can't deny the kids do love it. So if you're out & about and have 30 minutes to kill, swing by. Parking is on Russell & LV Blvd.
3	We went to the Shark Reef Aquarium because we had a buy one, get one free entry. At half price...totally worth it. At full price...I think I would have been disappointed. So if you have a coupon I would recommend it. Some of my favorite things:The stingray and horseshoe crab petting area.The fact that it looks like you are in a submerged boat in the large shark/fish/turtle/etc tank.The archway of the tank that you get to be fully surrounded by.Biggest disappointment:The jellyfish exhibit was closed when we were there. The pictures of it online look pretty cool.
3	I shouldn't have come here after going to the Monterey Bay Aquarium but I did and was charged $30 after which I waited in a line at least for 45 minutes to get in to see the shark collection here. There was an impressive collection of sharks which really looked like they'd be much happier out at sea along with a beautiful large sea turtle and other sea life creatures.  This collection I'd guess is less than a quarter the size of what you'll find at Monterey Bay Aquarium. If you have to wait in line longer than 20 minutes to get in then it's just not worth it. An aquarium in the middle of the desert? Hmmmmmm. ..............
4	I really enjoyed my visit to tge Shark Reef. Although it isn't huge, the fact that it is inside of a hotel is pretty awesome. I could spend hours in the walk through tunnel! Depending on your feelings about aquariums, I would decide if the price is worth it to you. The fish are beautiful, however, and they take very good care of the aquarium.
5	Great place to visit with kids and family. Will recommend to anyone who loves fish :)
4	***This was my first ever trip to an aquarium and I found Shark Reef's Aquarium to be really enjoyable given their good sampling of ocean life (starfish, jellyfish, sharks, piranhas, sea turtles, octopus, stingrays, and more); if you have more experience with aquariums though, you may walk away disappointed with this one given the high admission price ($18 for adults)***I have never stayed at the Mandalay Bay, but I have been inside the resort many times to dine at their restaurants (Burger Bar, RM Seafood, Aureole, Fleur, House of Blues), attend events in their convention center and stroll through Mandalay Place.  Despite all these visits, I have never been to their Shark Reef Aquarium, which is probably because it is so tucked away--over by the convention center on a side far from their main parking structure.Mandalay Bay's Shark Reef Aquarium has advertisements that boasts it is North America's only aquarium dedicated to predators.  I am not sure if that is true, but given that I have never been to an aquarium, I felt this attraction was well worthwhile.Besides the sharks, there were lots of great ocean life here.  I thought easily the most impressive was the jellyfish.  The tanks allow you to get really up close and personal and you get to see the beautiful colors, lighting and movement of this species.  It was really a sight to see and just by looking at the jellyfish, I can tell many science fiction movies have been inspired by jellyfish in their attempt to depict alien life.The Komodo dragon, while incredibly still, was also impressive looking.  There were several interesting fish to view--from a very large and rare version of a catfish to the more well known piranhas.  Giant sea turtles were also on display as well as stingrays.  You are allowed to touch some of the stingrays, which is a rarity at this aquarium; there were very little interactive exhibits--the attraction mostly features ocean life behind thick glass and posted signs providing quick yet interesting facts.In terms of the sharks, they were fun to see.  They have an okay variety and some were super quick and hard to photograph while others seemed to be deliberately slower and thus more menacing.  The sharks felt small though; if you have seen the footage of the shark recently captured on film at Manhattan Beach, the sizes of the sharks here may feel slightly underwhelming.The aquarium has a good number of exhibits.  It is a self-guided tour and it will take you anywhere from 45 minutes to 2 hours depending on how interested you are in reading the information displays.Service was fine.  There were only a few polite staff members throughout the aquarium since it is mostly a look and see attraction.Prices are high.  For adults, it is $18 to walk through the aquarium.  For me, the price was fine because I have not been to any other aquariums, but customers with more experience with aquariums may walk away feeling this attraction is a bad value.Mandalay Bay's Shark Reef Aquarium is a great option if you are not that familiar with aquariums and ocean life and want to get away from the shows, casino, food, and clubs that dominate The Strip.  It is also a very family friendly entertainment option with a family friendly gift shop.  You can also book the aquarium's private room for events and such like a child's birthday.Mandalay Bay, like other casinos on The Strip, has free self parking.  It is typically very easy finding an open space.
1	Not worth the money they charge. Would not recommend anyone go there. Much better aquariums to view in other places.
4	The aquarium is beautiful and has a variety of sea life to enjoy. The most annoying part of the whole experience is when you enter and they make you take a photograph to they can sell them to you at your exit. The photographer even gets mad if you don't pose or stand how he wants you to. We're the ones paying for it not him so I can have my picture they way I like. I bought a lot of merchandise and one of the cashiers was playing stupid with me keeping it behind the counter pretending he had given it to me until I spotted it and made him give it to me. Dishonest retail cashiers, pushy camera people, nice animals.
5	Great aquarium! The ticket window people could stand to get a lesson in politeness, but at least they didn't affect our visit inside the aquarium.  I know this isn't as big as most other aquariums, but it is well made and has a lot of sea life that you can get a good look at.  We also saw sweet scuba diver power washing the rocks and he was making our daughter laugh by being bubbles from his oxygen mask.  Great place, and a definite must see if you enjoy aquariums!
4	Yelps 365 Review Challenge 2014 - Los Angeles #39 - #365Several years ago, this use to be a Korean restaurant and now Roy's Raw Deal now occupies it. I was looking to try a different sushi restaurant instead of my usual, "Ken's" on Foothill.The size is very intimate and the staff were very friendly. Roy always ask if you're allergic to any types of fish and that's very reassuring to know he cares about his customers. It can get busy on the weekends, so it's best to come as early as possible to get a good seat. Patrons are friendly and has the small town feel. Sushi was very very fresh! Service was excellent!On our way back home to California, me and my friend decided to stop by and check out the Shark Reef Aquarium at Mandalay Bay. It was a breath of fresh air away from the smokey casino and into the outdoors. Tickets cost $15 per person but you can find cheaper deals at Tix4Less by MGM Grand and the huge Coke bottle. It's located in the southern part of the hotel by the convention center and Mandalay Bay Beach. It's optional to have a tour remote, I decided to get one because I was too lazy to read the label off every animal. LOL The Shark Reef reminded me of the Secret Garden of Siegfried and Roy at the Mirage but with bigger cages and aquariums for the animals. Besides the many varieties of fish, they had birds, and reptiles, so that was a fun experience. During the long walk, you are asked if you would like you're picture taken and we said, "YES" just to make this mini vacay memorable.  My favorite part of the tour was looking at the big fish, "Sharks, Sea Turtles, Sting Ray's  and my least favorite was dealing with the humidity in some parts of the tunnels. This is a great place to bring kids to learn about ocean life and different animals. I would recommend going to Tix4Less where I bought my Titanic tickets for 20% off the original price, $15 is a bit steep in my opinion.
5	This is one of my fave things to do in Las Vegas.  They have the coolest fish I have ever seen here.  All kinds of cool sharks, piranhas, fish, and jelly fish.  I love the covered walkway with the sharks swimming overhead. It's kind of pricey to get in but everything in Vegas is expensive.  At least you are getting some kind of education.  I always come here when I go to Vegas and I love it!
2	OK, I guess I should admit up front that I must be an aquarium snob. I just thought this was OK. I grew up a short drive away from the National Aquarium in Baltimore and am a huge fan of it as well as the Monterey Bay Aquarium and the Texas State Aquarium. This, in comparison, was not that great. However, given that it is in Vegas and is something other than a show, gambling or a restaurant, it fit the bill of a welcome activity that wasn't the "norm." The visit took about 30 minutes...would have liked the glass in the tanks to be a little cleaner, but enjoyed the ability to touch the sting rays. Wouldn't make a special trip just for this, but was good for a little break from the Vegas norm since I was in the Mandalay Bay Resort for a conference.
3	Lovely aquarium inside the Mandalay Bay Convention Center.  It's kinda small and it is very warm and humid inside but lots of different types of turtles, fish, and sharks.  The staff is very informative.  For $18, it's a very small aquarium but a nice getaway.
4	We went to the aquarium in the morning which I suggest as there was a line to buy tickets. It looks like it stays busy. Adults were $18 but you can opt for the 3 attractions for $57 if you are going to other hotels to check out different attractions. It took about 45min to get through the aquarium depending on what you wanted to look at. It is very kid/family friendly. The exhibits were nice and the shark reef was very big. We got to see two scuba divers come down to clean the glass. There was also a sting ray petting area. Something fun to do if you like aquariums.
3	I, of course, am going to say that I loved the aquarium.  Why?  Because there were fish and other marine life there.  I can't say that I would ever be disappointed to see them, no matter where they were.The downs.  LONG line at the ticket booth - turn around, go back into the hotel, see one of the concierges doing nothing and purchase a ticket from them - no lines, no waiting.  Very short.  Entire aquarium in 15-20 minutes tops.  A little short for a price of $18 per guest.  Yikes.The pros - there were not a lot of overhead speakers declaring what was going on.  You got to experience the wildlife for yourself.  They have a stingray feeding station.  The piranha tank is guarded so that fools don't stick their hands in the tank.
5	To all the people saying they've seen better aquariums in other places...This is Vegas and we are in the middle of the desert. We are not typically known for exhibits that appeal to our educational side. I think for Vegas, this aquarium is fantastic. The habitats are well designed and so beautiful. They have taken great care in creating them to be both effective for the marine life and stunning for us spectators - that much is obvious. I have been to a lot of aquariums and can't say that I've seen better.I think for this being on the smaller side of aquariums, they have a nice spectrum of marine life and reptiles. The jellyfish and starfish exhibits are my favorite; they are so visually stunning. And you absolutely cannot beat the shark exhibit, which is built to look like a sunken ship, with you standing on the inside.To all those people bitching about the size and prize, go to the Golden Nugget to see the free Shark Tank instead. Maybe then, you'll appreciate this gem of Vegas.
3	On a recent trip to Vegas for a cheer competition needed to kill some time so was looking for some things to do for the kiddos.Bought tickets on line and jumped right ahead...very easy to do and no hassle just the way I like it. The only thing is that right ahead was still waiting for 20+ mins to get in which was kind of a bummer. Once inside there is pretty cool stuff to look, but don't walk to fast because it will be done quickly. This isn't a very big place so you might want to take your time. It was pretty pricey for 4 people to get in as well $60 bucks for something that wasn't that big. Oh well its Vegas right? The kids really enjoyed it and that's what matters! For me once you have been to one aquarium you have pretty much seen what you are going to see....again it was about the kids! If looking to kill a little time and kid friendly then this is the place to do it.
4	On a last minute trip to Vegas with the little one..we needed to find things to take her to see and this popped into my head. I've never been so it was the perfect opportunity for us to visit together. First off, don't pull into the Mandalay bay, pass yhe Four Seasons and hang a left at the first street. You'll be dumped into a huge parking lot, make your way to the second smaller lot and park. You'll see and entrance for thr aquarium and it doesn't look like much, but I promise you, after further exploration of the entrance you'll run smack into it. The tickets line can get a bit long but moves pretty quick. Prices are a bit steep at 18 for adults but luckily the mini me just met the under 5 is free so that made it better. They also have a 30 package and it includes a plush shark and a souvenir photo. I went for the splurge. Totally worth it IMO since at the end you're in a gift shop and you can say "oh honey, but you already have your shark".  Any who the aquarium itself is on the small side but the quality of fish they have is amazing. Im really bored at the Aquarium of the Pacific. Everything just seems to sterile but there's a cool theme that carries through and just makes it more special. We had a great time. In think it took us about 30minutes to go through but I would have sat my butt down at the huge last shark tank and could watch them for quite a bit. The coolest part to me was that once youre in the last tank area, there are viewing windows on the floor and is pretty awesome to be standing there and see a shark pass right under you. Some of the areas are really humid but c'mon....you're viewing reptiles and fish....they're more concerned with their comfort than ours. If we bring the little one back I can see us makijg a second trip.
1	Profits before ethics. AVOID THIS PLACE!Please take a look at the attached photo of a shark, a creature designed to swim in the vast expanse of the oceans, trapped in a tiny aquarium surrounded by screaming kids and car horns. This is a disgrace. Simple. Please don't support this kind of torture for profit. Have some heart and treat other creatures with some love. Don't support this.
4	I had a great time. It was small but beautiful. I liked the decor and there were several people along the way answering questions. We chose to go on a Sunday since it was our free day.18 per person entry is not bad, you spend 5 times that to go to a mid-range show which only lasts an hour.I haven't been to an Aquarium in a very long time (maybe 10 years) so this was nice, not as big as most and not as elaborate but with all the noise and smoke of Las Vegas, to be able to have a short get away, it was awesome.It was congested, 20-30 people posted in the tunnels where the sharks were, that in particular I found frustrating, Sharks are fast so I only got blurry shots but at least I could have stood there and watched, but certain people have no sense of personal space and there were many of that type of person there on this day.The jellyfish and the octopus were my favs, maybe it was just how "chill" they were. The place was clean and though it was humid it wasn't unbearably hot. You forget how loud young children can be till you go to a place like this.The souvenir shop had a bunch of cool stuff, mostly over priced but I had a lot of fun picking things out to bring home to my kids. I would go back next time when we bring the kids (they are in their teens but I think they would like it.)
5	Was not the biggest aquarium like Monterey Bay but a very nice one. There are knowledgeable staff readily available throughout the walk to answer any questions you may have. It's very nice and serene when I went because it was a weekday, wasn't a lot of people and I just had a strawberry banana rum slushie so was buzzed watching the fishes swimming in all directions. Don't discount my review because of that. LolIt was very beautiful. Wish they had bigger sharks. The jellyfish tank was well worth it. Amazing stuff.
3	Coolest part of this experience was the stingray exhibit where patrons can pet, stroke, and observe the stingrays.It was pretty neat - minus the couple obnoxious, unsupervised children. Thank goodness for the Shark Reek Aquarium stingray exhibit personnel. She kindly and professionally grabbed the attention of the respective parents / "responsible" adults and reminded them to monitor their own children. (Yes, I spent quite a bit of time in that area observing / petting the stingrays and people-watching. LOL. And why do some parents need to be reminded to watch / supervise their children? ... I am not a parent, so maybe I'm missing something here..?)Anyway, the stingray lady was really patient. She spoke in a gentle, calm, and professional manner while giving instructions on how to pet and stroke (yes, stroke) the stringrays (and also while sort of scolding some peeps). I tried to pet each different kind of stingray -- the big ones, the small ones, the bumpy / textured ones, etc. -- and found them all to be pretty different in terms of texture. Some were slimier than others; some were a little bumpy and rough; and some were really silky, soft.After a while, I kind of got freaked out that I'd contract some sort of disease or whatever (they're safe to touch BTW -- I'm just a paranoid freak), so I stopped petting them.. And washed my hands like 5 times + used hand sanitizer. The kind worker explained that the stingrays were safe and that it was more of a concern that the stingrays would get sick from soiled hands / objects or mishandling.Everything else was pretty standard aquarium stuff. The piranhas were kind of neat, though.Overall, the Shark Reef Aquarium was a great family thing to do while in Vegas. My sister thoroughly enjoyed herself.. And we took some rad souvenir pictures, which we ended up purchasing at the exit of the exhibition.
3	Locals get a discountI thought this was pretty cool. My son got a bigger kick out of it than I did that's for sure. I thought that the fact you got to touch the stingrays was a neat addition, but the more I thought about it... How many nasty slimy stinky people stick their hand in that water and touch those poor creatures :( the shop is "conveniently" located at the end of the exhibit as are all shops in Vegas. It's filled with mindless over priced nick-nacks and clothes. I wish it was a little bigger, not for me, but the sharks. One thing I didn't know about was the fact sharks are fished for their fin for shark fin soup. Most times the fin is sliced off and they're thrown back into the sea to die. Just a little eye opening fact for ya.
1	How would you like it if another species put you on display in a box that allowed just enough space for you to turn at a completely foreign event where you had no idea what was going on, where the energy and noises were chaotic and these other creatures continuously check you out all day - taping on the box, making strange sounds, staring, pointing and so on?!The Mandalay Bay Shark Reef brought a shark in a tiny aquarium to a VERY LOUD (as in huge truck horns constantly honking) children's event. A completely unacceptable environment for a shark.Bad move, Mandalay Bay. Please leave these majestic creatures in the wild or at your facility that at least somewhat resembles their natural environment.
1	very disturbing to witness a shark being brought in a small tank!!! ...where it can barely turn around !?!?... amidst a super loud environment (to the VERY LOUD Touch a Truck children's event)!  would you like to buy a ticket to witness animal abuse, anyone?   WHO can i contact to stop this animal abuse madness?  TWO THUMBS DOWN!  poor sharks, damn. there is enough of this kind of stuff happening in the world, come on, mandalay bay, PLEASE KEEP IT HUMANE.
3	So we used a comp from MyVegas for this one, making this a free visit.  However, to redeem the comp, you have to go to the MLife desk at the main casino.  It is a LONG way from the main casino to the Shark Reef itself, which is at the back of the convention center, in a totally different building.  So you finally get there, and the setup is pretty cool, built up like a fake ancient village with the tanks built in different spots.  We really liked the tunnels where you stand in there and the sharks swim above your head and to the sides.  The pool where you pet the stingrays is a nice touch too, thankfully there is a guard there to make sure no one gets out of hand.  The jellyfish tank was another highlight.Overall, this is not a very big aquarium, probably wouldn't spend much money on this, glad to get it through MyVegas.  Would like the inside of the building to be a little better lit.
2	If you've never been to an aquarium, this isn't too bad. It's a little bit small but it has some interesting things to look at. Being able to touch the stingrays is also cool.If you have been to any aquarium that isn't awful, this place is a bit underwhelming.It's a small aquarium with not nearly enough exhibits for the $18 you pay. For something called "Shark Reef", you'd think they'd have a plethora of different shark species to look at not to mention tanks to better showcase each one. They didn't have any more sharks on display than any other aquarium out there.I would not recommend visiting this one.
5	I have no idea what people are complaining about. This place rocks! My kids loved it. If you can't afford $18 you should not come to Vegas. Kids 4 and under are free! I paid almost $300 to take my kids to SeaWorld.  This place is great. ...I would visit again. And we are staying at the Mandalay Bay so it's an added bonus. No commute. :)
3	It was worth the $18. My only gripe was that it's kind of small and there are not a large variety of exhibits. They have the big name animals like sharks, giant Pacific octopus, komodo dragon, alligators, etc.  I guess I shouldn't expect zoo quality for $18.
5	This place is really cute and fun. My husband and I are in our thirties early thirties and love this place. It's great for all ages!
4	We had a great time in the aquarium. For $18 this is a great attraction to get away from the buzz of The Strip. It's not the biggest aquarium, but it is put together nicely and the exhibits are really great. The line to get tickets was long, but no wait to actually get in. We would go back!!!
2	This is one of the few places or perhaps the only aquarium on the strip. I originally found out of this place after googling "Things to do in Vegas." I gotta say, I really like the sound of this place, "Shark Reef Aquarium." Sounds fun, doesn't it?   My verdict however, is that for the price of $18/person, it's a very small aquarium with a tour that can be done within 1.5 hours. And that is if you actually read most of what was written, ask questions to the workers about the piranha including dumb or possibly genius questions (like, do piranhas eat each other? What would happen if we starved the piranhas for 1 week, would it be a blood bath?), stop at the sting ray to touch them, and hang out by the shark tank (with tiny sharks) for a good 15 minutes just to avoid walking though the "exit" sign that marks the end of your $18 show, all too soon.   Don't get me wrong, I had fun, but def have experienced a much better aquarium. The good side? If you're not SUPER enthused about spending a day surrounded by families and little kids, and want to kill time to avoid traffic on the road after your weekend of binge-drinking, this could be a great alternative. Otherwise, you could continue to sadistically destroy your liver, lose more money at the casino tables, or on the rare chance, win back to make up for your loss (wink wink). :)TIP: If you're a vegas resident you get $3 off a ticket plus 3 other people with you. Hopefully you got the vegas buddy hookup? lol
4	I've been here 3 times on different seasons when visiting Vegas and each time it's mostly the same things. For those of you from CA, this is pretty much like Aquarium of the Pacific.You walk around to certain stations and listen to the pre-recorded tour on the little recorded thing they give you. I think the most memorable parts of the tours were the stingray pond where you get to touch the stingrays (they're so soft and smooth!!). The other cool section is the part where you walk into the shark exhibit and you're standing on this clear glass so you can see underneath you as they swim around. The moon jellies were pretty tooNot bad if you have nothing else to do in Vegas
3	The Mandalay Bay is one of my favorite hotels on the Las Vegas Strip and I enjoy going to the exhibits that they have near the convention center(s) at the Mandalay Bay. For this exhibit, my mother really wanted to bring my youngest brother to the exhibit although we were staying at the Wynn Hotel. I was skeptical and hesitant to go into the exhibit because I wasn't too excited about the exhibit since living in Hawaii, we are surrounded by the ocean/oceanarium life. However, I am glad that my mother talked me into it (she had lots of time allotted from our walk from the casino to the exhibit). My favorite part of the exhibit was the stingray exhibit where we stayed at for half an hour. You are allowed to touch the stingrays with just your pointer finger. It was my first time to touch stingrays because I have always been afraid to touch sea creatures, even while in the waters in Hawaii. The walkthrough of the total exhibit has different options where you can have a pre-recorded guided tour or just browse around yourself. Sans the stingray exhibit, the tour should be at least thirty minutes. The exhibit staff are all friendly and talk so calmly - even when there are children running all about. The exhibit is well-kept and the marine life seem to be given enough space necessary to feel "at home."I definitely feel as if my time and money spent at the Shark Reef exhibit was worth it.
3	The aquarium is a nice change of pace from all the electric and concrete attractions the rest of the Strip has to offer. But it definitely is kind of pricey for how short it is (30-45minutes). If you can sit and stare at the sharks for hours on end, then this place is perfect.
5	I've been to other aquariums before and this one is by far the nicest one I've been to.  I don't believe the price to be bad, I believe it to be very Vegas fitting.  Everything is more expensive than the average place but this aquarium was well worth it.We have an aquarium in Arizona and it's $20 and a 5 minute work through.  But here at the Mandalay Bay Shark Reef Aquarium I was able to spend hours looking around and even got to pet a stingray.I'd say Vegas as a whole isn't really the kind of place you want to take kids but if you have to take them because you can't ditch them off with anyone else, then go ahead and bring them here.   It's good for kids, adults, couples, teens, groups, or going solo.  Cameras permitted, I took many photos myself.  I suggest not wearing high heels as you'll be walking a lot.  But if you're use to it then more power to ya.  Enjoy the place!
4	I was pretty impressed with the size and quality of this aquarium since it's in a Vegas casino.  The price was a little high for admission but again, it's on the Las Vegas Strip and everything is a touch expensive.  The animals seemed well cared for and the enclosures were clean and themed properly.  If you really need something family-friendly to do, check this out.  If you've been to big aquariums before, it's not really anything new or special so I'd pass it over.
4	Sure, it's not Monterey Bay Aquarium, but Monterey Bay is over double this price ($18 vs $39 for adults), so of course it's going to be much bigger, and, well, you are in Vegas after all so it should be expected that prices won't be super cheap. I was still pleasantly surprised by Shark Reef! Definitely buy your tickets online if you can, because the line is pretty long otherwise, but not impossible.One of the main complaints in other reviews was the small size of the sharks. Did all of you SEE the size of those sawsharks in there!? They were HUGE! And there were two of them! I was amazed because I had never seen a sawshark before. Their long snouts edged with sharp teeth were terrifying yet so cool at the same time. There was also a HUGE sea turtle floating around with the sharks. It was just as big as some of them!Some of the other highlights include:- the touchpool, where you had to lay on your belly and were allowed to touch stingrays with one finger (there were also horseshoe crabs in there)- tunnels surrounded by water where you could sit and watch the sharks (and turtle) swim overheadThe octopus was highly advertised in Mandalay Bay but was hiding in a corner when we passed by its exhibit. Disappointing, but similar to what I've seen in other aquariums. It also would've been cool if they had a piranha feeding session, but I can see the danger in that, plus it might be too gory for the little ones.The whole experience takes an hour at most if you stretch it. But why not, since you paid $18 anyway, right? Go in with an open mind, snap some photos, and get up close with some animals!
4	This was really cool and in my opinion, totally worth the $18. It took us about an hour and a half to walk through and there's all kinds of stuff to look at! There's even a sting ray pool at the end where you can pet them if you want. We went on a Monday afternoon so it wasn't crazy busy.. I wonder what it's like on the weekends??
4	(Jaws theme) Duh. Duh. Duh. DUDUDUDUDDU!I don't understand all of the beef, this is one of the few family friendly venues in vegas. First off, you shouldn't compare this place to one of the giant aquariums or else you will be severely disappointed. My only complaint about this place is that it is all the way at the end of Mandalay bay...The venue is pretty cool, I really enjoy all of the mayanish architecture, kind of reminds me of indiana jones at Disneyland. Also, there are a wide assortment of fishs, lizards, komodo dragons, sharks, jelly fish, and octopus! For the kiddies, they even have a petting tank where you can touch sting rays and horse shoe crabs!My favorite exhibit is the giant shark room at the very end. Super dope because they have sawfishes! Also, I don't know about you but my gf and I find aquariums to be awesome date spots!Overall, I throughly enjoyed the aquarium. It is a breath of fresh air when you're tired of clubs, shows, and food. Remember, fish are friends not food...  who I am kidding, fishes are delicious!
2	Small and overpriced with midget sharks that are a far cry from the pictures shown on the ads.  It should be free for mandalay bay visitors.  They force you to take a family picture - in fact, they won't even let you enter unless they take one.It takes about 15 min to get through the whole acquarium.Some of the underwater buddhist backdrops are awesome though.
5	SHARK!!!!!   he-he  this was so much fun to visit I can not wait to come back and visit my under water friends next time.  The saw shark was really something special and the komodo dragon was really cool.  Piranha tank was full of many different species.  Jelly fish were cool and so was the lion fish but the best was definitely the saw sharks.
4	We got the annual passes since our daughter loves coming here. Since we don't have other ocean wild life museum or something like that in Vegas, this place suites our purpose for now. Only draw back is that they don't have a separate line for the members at the entrance.
3	Fun little aquarium. For what is there its very nice. The whole aquarium has a jungle temple theme which is unique and different.Good if you have young children.
2	Cleanliness 5 starsSelection of Animals for the amount of space they have 4 starsSouvenir shop prices, not too bad for plush animals.Value per admission price, 1 starIt is waaaaaaaaaaaaay at the other end of the Mandalay check in area.  just keep walking, and walking, and walking.  You'll know you are in the right place when you see a large kiosk snack\souvenir area, and the ticket booths will be on the right.  $18 per adult, not a single discount for guests staying at Mandalay.  $36 for my wife and I, free for my toddler at the time.  25 minutes later we were done, and we were not even walking that fast and took the time to take pics where we could.  The paid photo booth is a complete rip off.I would NEVER pay to come here again.
3	Nemo was right. Fish are friends, not food. It looks like the sharks preferred to eat up my money and I will not be able to see those green bills anymore...I was excited to check out this Aquarium but I was slightly disappointed with the availability of what you can see when comparing to admission costs. General Admission:Adults ($18)Child ages 5-12 ($12)Child age 4 and under (Free)There are big tanks, in which you can see the roaming sharks and other fish. In addition, there is a Komodo Dragon exhibit, piranha exhibit (apparently it's illegal for piranhas to be in Nevada, but the Shark Reef Aquarium have a special license to hold them there), tons of other fishies, and Jellyfish. There is a small exhibit where you can dip your finger in the water and touch the stingrays.Overall, I think it's nice that they have this Aquarium for the tourists, but if you're looking for the WOW factor, I will tell you that you will find this place to be underwhelming. I think the exhibit took us less than an hour. The overall aquarium is kind of small. I've been to other aquariums (albeit more expensive) that have more exhibits and a variety of different fish tanks. Don't get me wrong, this is a good place for those who are on a budget in Vegas and want to do some good sightseeing with friends and family. However, if you are a Marine Science fanatic - I suggest going elsewhere to get a good aquarium experience.
2	Overpriced.....small and a tourist trap for sure. There are more souvenirs to buy than sharks to see.
4	Went to Shark Reef at Mandalay Bay while in Vegas because I really wanted to see an aquarium. It was a bit overpriced and snall, but I enjoyed it nonetheless and I stopped to look at everything. Everything. There are plenty of things to see. My favorite had to be the last thing you see, you walk into a tunnel and there are sharks swimming all around you. Pretty awesome, I think I sat in there for about 30 minutes or so, just watching them all.Oh and I loved the touch pool..who got to pet a stingray?! This girl. :)
4	This is a cool experience for people who like aquariums.  It is themed as you walk through and also has lots of information around for people who want to learn more.  May employees can be found inside to provide info as well.  The tanks are very cool.  I actually found myself very relaxed while walking through.  This is a great activity for kids and families.  It was smaller than I expected---I know you only have so much space in a hotel to work with.  I did expect a bit more for the $18 price tag.  I really did NOT like the touch tank.  They have a touch tank with some crabs and sting rays.  There were a few employees guarding the tank but I felt bad for the animals inside.  One ray even had  a scratch on his head--was bleeding.  I think they needed to have multiple tanks in order to give the animals a rest from sticky, dirty, tourist hands.
3	Aquariums are cool and it's nice to have something family friendly in Vegas. We got a discounted deal online and only paid $5 per person to go in. The decorations are a jungle theme (obviously) with the bird calls recordings in the background and tall palm fronds. There are a variety of lizards, fishes, and oh yes, sharks. You walk through the aquarium yourself as you read the signs and watch the tanks. The fish were really active at the Shark Reef, swimming and giving us plenty to see. The leopard shark and the sawhead were definitely entertaining to watch. There is the encased water tunnel where the fish can swim over you and we watched the sea turtles and sharks swim all around us. A pretty cool experience and people were taking photos like crazy.Overall, it was a pretty small aquarium. I think the original price is around $20. For an aquarium this small, it is definitely not worth the $20. If you can find a deal for it to be $5 or less, then go for it.One more thing: Grear for kids if you want to keep them out of the smoke filled casinos.
4	For $18 you can watch an octopus suction itself to its tank, make googly faces at a lionfish, and pet a stingray.  If you ask me, that's a pretty good deal.  It's pretty small as far as aquariums go, but they pack it full of stuff.  You can get right up against the glass of the tank and get up close and personal with the fishies.  The staff is super knowledgeable and approachable and will answer all your questions, no matter how dumb they sound.  Even as an adult, this place is pretty magical.  It's laid out nicely in a kind of winding pattern so you don't get bored -- each tank is a new adventure rearing around the bend.  The glass tunnels and glass floors are enchanting and a bit frightening.  Everyone does a halted test step onto the glass then walks carefully along the edge.  Only the brave venture out into the middle.  There is a sort of bench along the glass in the last tunnel where you can sit for a while as sharks swim all around and behind and on top of you beyond the glass.  The souvenir photos are great!  You don't really know they're coming up as you enter and they just kind of start chucking poses at you.  It catches you off-guard so your pictures turn out candid and natural and not all posey posey and stuffy.  First souvenir photos I've ever bought!
4	If you find yourself flying solo for a few hours while in Vegas, the Shark Reef Aquarium is the perfect, relaxing, get out of the heat retreat. I love all things ocean, so this was actually my second visit to the aquarium. Shark Reef isn't a typical "museum," "sterile" type environment like some other places. It's more of an overall experience of feeling like you've been emerged in the animal's natural habitats (if you've ever been think a much much smaller version of the Dallas World Aquarium). Located at an end corner of the Mandalay Bay past the floating river pool, the Aquarium is on the smaller size but still manages to house a broad array of interesting and beautiful sea creatures. Nicely done, not overly cheesy tropical theme. The staff are friendly and knowledgeable. They have made a few changes in the last couple of years. Of course there are still the many varieties of sharks - amazing creatures can be watched while standing under a large tunnel with almost a 360 degree view. ..as well as other enclosures. I was really lucky to show up just in time to catch the last few moments of shark feeding (they don't post times for various feedings, so it's all chance)! And I got to touch a stingray (I wish my skin was so smooth) and pet a little funky looking horseshoe crab. Tons of other fishies - lionfish, triggers...the always mesmerizing jelly fish...huge octopus (he was hiding - boo hoo)...and Green Sea Turtles!!!" I like turtles." Actually, I love turtles! I don't remember seeing these guys last time, so I think they are a fairly new addition. Nice! So majestic! And snaps for Reef for housing and rehabilitating these endangered species.As good as I remembered! Not typical of what you would expect in Vegas, but a very welcomed addition. Tip: Admission is $18 for adults; however, if you search many of the Las Vegas "to do" magazines you're certain to come across a coupon to save a few bucks.
4	Great place! It was pricey though.. we paid $27 each for 2 adults (and we are locals). The baby was free..
4	The only reason I agreed to walk into this place was because I was seconds away from drinking myself to death. I ended up really enjoying it though.You need to know a few things before you go. It's overpriced (what isn't in Vegas). It's small. It can get a little boring. It's possible it just feels boring compared to everything else though. All complaints aside I thought it was a wonderful way to get out of the casino for a while and put the bottle down. If you need a PG activity I say go for it!
3	Hella long line for tickets. Buy online if you aren't trying to use some sort of discount or bogo.GF and I went with a myvegas coupon so we got buy one get one free tickets. It was ok, got to see some sharks and fish and stuff. Compare to a "real" aquarium though it was pretty sad. I'm not sure who would get an annual pass cause it certainly ain't worth it. The sunken ship surrounded by sharks and turtles and things was probably the best part. Some of the sharks were pretty big, not sure what some of the yelp reviewers are complaining about. Maybe they were expecting JAWS type great white sharks. If you've ever been to Shedd aquarium in Chicago then you should except something similar, but crappier since Shedd's got a lot more stuff overall.I guess it can be worth it if you've got annoying kids who don't want to just sit in the room all day while you go gamble so you gotta take them somewhere to make them occupy their time. Also, it's kind of a long walk from things since it's in Mandalay Bay and not even like, a side of Mandalay that's close to the strip.
5	I'm giving this five stars for a few different reasons.   We did the turtle feeding experience and were very impressed. We were shown through the facility in the back area and it was very well kept.  Our guide was efficient in explaining the way everything worked and showing us the pumps, tanks, etc. We were able to talk with the aquarists about the different sea life and feeding habits. Watched them feed the sharks as well. Very informative experience. Everyone was super nice.  We even got three free pictures of ourselves feeding the turtles.   As for the aquarium it's self it was very neat. It is small and kind of expensive so look for coupons.
3	I thought this was a good aquarium considering that it was in the middle of Las Vegas. I appreciated how they put a sign up in the front that they are accredited by the Association of Zoos and Aquariums. I also enjoyed the educational posters explaining the issue of overfishing and the depletion of fish populations. They should have more people teaching around the exhibits. The aquarium is little small (spent around an hour here), but it's understandable. I think the cost is worth it.
3	This is probably great if you need a family-friendly activity on the Vegas strip. It is probably not as much fun if you a sober or drunk and child-free adult looking for something to do.The sharks actually only take up one room - the rest of the exhibit shows other exotic terrestrial and aquatic animals. The coolest thing they had were the piranhas and tropical fish. Less exciting were the crocodile, python, and other similar animals you'd find at the zoo.
3	So I thought the aquarium was entertaining, however, I will say I expected to see much larger sharks!  The billboards all over town make you think they are hiding a great white shark in there, so I was stoked to go. I mean super stoked.   I even went by myself so there would be no distractions because I love sharks.  These sharks were like three our four feet each, definitely not the 16 footer I was hoping for.  They have a lot of other aquarium fish there and the tunnel was really cool.  I have been to Sea World on numerous occasions so I am probably pretty jaded.  I will say though its worth spending the twenty bucks just to check it out.  If you have kids with you, they will love it.  If you are a shark enthusiast though you won't get much out of this.
4	I took my 2 year old here today and we had a great time. We both were impressed with the animals! I've never seen most of what they have in person before. The staff was mostly friendly and it was a fun time. The only negative was that for the price, it was pretty short. Otherwise it was awesome!
3	Been here gajillions as annual members.  It's worth the money.  1st area is tropical fresh water fish along with a yellow Cuban gator & the Komodo dragon.  Next is a tall emerald tree monitor enclosure moving over to brackish water south American redtail catfish and gargantuan pacus.  Then comes the piranhas off to the colorful fresh water school fish.  The next area holds a big touch tank that has barb-removed sting rays and horseshoe crabs.  To the side is the lion fish tank, next to the manta-rays.  In the center is the most amazing circular jellyfish enclosure that has a floating hive of jellies and a giant medusa.  Behind that is what looks like a starfish tank, but if you look closely you will see the Red Pacific Octopus!  Hentai.  The next section goes to a large shipwreck area that opens up the huge shark tank that has all kinds of amazing sharks and Ridleys Sea turtles and a leather back.  On your way out you pass through a panoramic overhead tank that lets you walk under the sharks roaming above you.  Then the elevator takes you out through the mandatory gift shop exit.  There you go.  Awesome aquarium!
4	People are complaining about the price which is $18.00 a person.  That is not a bad price really since we lose hundreds in gambling!  But some of the one go to charity and schools (at least according to the sign).  I liked it a lot.  After drinking, gambling, and hustling (lol!) its nice to see a fish!The exhibit is short so don't expect anything like Shedd Aquarium in Chicago.  You do see a good amount of cool fish and gators and lizards.The best part was touching the stingrays.  I love stingrays and had no idea they were going to do this!  So me being an adult had to much fun petting the rays!  The last part which was like a sunken ship was cool.  I was hoping to see a large shark. Nothing like JAWS size but something bigger.  But that is a minor problem.Very good and relaxing time to get out of the sun and look at nature before you lose your money to slots again!
3	A nice visit and family activity. Line was not bad, price was up there, but not silly high. Good variety of fish and sharks. The hands-on tank with stingrays and horseshoe crabs is great for the kids. The underwater tunnels give great views. It's a great way to spend an hour or two with minimal walking and cool air conditioned conditions. Only real complaint is that stronger lighting in the tanks would help and glare reduction would be nice in the viewing areas. A small sitdown theater with a 15 minute loop explaining the key exhibition creatures and how the whole place is managed would be a real bonus.
4	Honestly I love this place its pretty nice. My kids love going here. They have a small pond so you can touch some of the fishes. The themes and they way its set up is great. I just wish it was a little bit bigger. It seemed like it was over to fast and the admission fee is not that bad I had a coupon for a buy 1 entree get 1 free and my 2year and 3 year old were free. But when you go to the gift shop and the picture they take when you first come in is pretty expensive. The picture was like 15  or 20 dollars. And of course when you have kids you wanna get them a little souvenair but that turned the trip into over a $100. And this place is usually always packed and has a long line. Just be prepared to wait. Other then that I do like this place and like the experience my kids got.
3	Not worth the full regular price. One can easily finish this place in one hour. Only go if purchased with the 3 for $57 deal. The aquarium is nice but very very small.
5	This will not be the largest aquarium you ever visit, but it's only because they don't exhibit all the crappy, boring animals like the river trout or a tank of minnows! Everything in this aquarium is QUALITY. It will definitely be the best shark exhibit you've seen. My favorite is the humongous octopus! I take my daughter here every other Friday and it's wonderful for children. We've had our annual passes for a year, and neither one of us are sick of it. The sea turtles are amazing! The crocodile and Komodo dragon are huge! This is hands-down vegas' best animal exhibit. AND super inexpensive.
1	I did not think the aquarium was worth the $18 price. It is also a 10 minute walk to the aquarium from the main hotel. Once we got there on a Saturday, the line was at least an hour. I walked to the front and noticed that there was a will call desk with no line. I called the hotel and bought my tickets and was able to pick them up immediately. I would have given 3 stars, but letting an hour long line form at an attraction that takes a long time to get to is just rude. They either need a warning about the wait near the hotel or more ticket agents.
4	I like the Shark Reef a lot. It has a lot of fish and sharks you can  basically walk through the tanks. There is glass on the floor in the ceiling so the fish swim under you and above you they also have a petting exhibit where  you can pet the stingrays.  its not super big but it is worth 18 bucks but there are a lot of sharks and I also like the jellyfish tank.
4	I went to the Shark Reef this week while in Vegas with my 6 year old son.  It's a great little aquarium with some really neat things to see and do.  Is it as big as Shedd in Chicago or the Long Beach aquarium?  No of course not. But it's a great way to spend an hour with your kids out of the hot Vegas sun in the afternoon!It is a LOOONNNGGGG walk to the Shark Reef from the front of the Mandalay Bay though!!
3	Nice but to small for the price. Walk through is to short. They should take out some of the jungle trees and put more tanks in. And more interactive things for kids.
3	Shark attack! The Shark Reef Aquarium is exactly what it says it is: an aquarium filled with sharks. They have a couple different other types of wildlife, but the majority are all sharks and they are sharks of all shapes and sizes.You walk next to shark tanks, under shark tanks and you can even pet a stingray! It's fun for kids and also adults. I personally liked the Secret Garden at Mirage a lot better but this was still cool to see! If you're looking for an activity during the day while in Vegas, this is a fun option. It won't take you more than 20 minutes to go through.
5	They have a Komodo Dragon!!! Need I say more?Oh, and you can PET the STINGRAYS!  So cool.The tunnels are the best part, IMO.  Especially when a shark decides to swim right up against the glass.  Amazing!We've been there twice (we're locals).  If you are looking for something to do that's still on the strip but not so "Sin City," check it out.  You'll get to see some cool stuff and learn something, too!It's not huge. Remember, this is a casino attraction, but it's still impressive for Vegas.  If you can get a locals discount, do it.  It's worth it.
5	Awesome place to bring kids and family!! I it's educational and you can touch sting rays!! It's air conditioned and a very good price!! You can take your time and see each animal at your own pace. They have facts about animal posted around the exhibit.
5	Great place to take the kids.  Just dont go at a crowded time.  Nicely laid out.  Komodo dragon, turtles, sharks and some of the largest Fish I have ever seen!
3	We bought our tickets as part of the three for $57 they are running. It was a good time.The aquarium isn't particularly big, but that seems pretty common for Vegas; nothing lasts too long. The hall surrounded on all sides by water is an essential aquarium experience that was worth it. Also the touch tank was fun and the Shipwreck room was fun to look at. We spent most of our time there, watching the TV cycling through the numerous species in the tank and then trying to find them all in the tank.I would go back if I was bringing someone who hadn't been before.
2	I was SO disappointed with this place.  At first I was really excited that the admission was only $18 (I thought it would be way higher), but after actually experiencing this place, I can say that $18 is was too much to pay.Negatives:1) Their advertisements are TOTALLY FALSE.  They have pictures of octopus with the saying "Oooh, two arms, I am so scared."  There aren't any freaking octopus in the aquarium!  Same thing with the jellyfish.  The ads have large jellyfish on them (that are brown and white), and they only had a very, very small tank of the small, pink jellyfish.  I know that on cereal packaging things are enlarged to "show texture" but having a picture of something you don't provide is flat out lying.2) My sister and I strolled through leisurely and we were out in 40 minutes.  There was just not that much to see.3) The "grand finale" was seeing the big sharks.  Maybe I am jaded, but they weren't that incredible.  They made it sound like they would be these huge killing machine that you would get chills from being so close to.  Nope.  They were just peacefully swimming through the tank, I think they had to be provoked to show their teeth for the pics they used on the ads.4) One of the employees at an exhibit was preaching to a young child about the importance of mental math, and was completely ignoring everyone else.  I had some questions for him about the animal in the tank, but I just had to move on.5) The lady at the sting ray tank was unfriendly, but I don't think it was because she wasn't nice.  I asked her about an animal I had seen in the previous room, but she had to answer quickly and keep her eyes on the tank nonstop.  I think there should be more than one employee monitoring that area so that they can interact more with the guests and provide a better experience.  There is just too much going on for one person to pay attention to. 6) The upselling!!  It's just so obvious.  They take a picture of you when you enter the aquarium (luckily the girls taking the photos didn't push when we said no thanks) and then they dump you out into the gift shop.  I know this is standard at so many places now, but I just think it's really tacky.  What else is tacky is that they sell stuff with dolphins and clown fish and sea otters and any number of sea creatures that weren't even at the exhibit.Positives:1) I got to touch a stingray, at no extra charge.  A lot of place charge extra for these experiences.  It was actually really, really cool.  They are squishy, which was a surprise.2) The baby hammerhead sharks were adorable.  I don't even know if they were babies, but they were just really small and I would have liked to take one home with me.All in all, this might be a good place to take small kids, but I would rather pay for a local zoo.  From what I remember, there is a fish tank in the Forum Shops at Ceasars where you can watch stingrays swim around for free.  Go there first.
4	There was a long line to get in here--on a Monday?! They let groups of people in one at a time in order to avoid mobs trying to make their way through altogether. I appreciated that.We took our three boys here to check it out. Once you enter, the aquarium is nicely laid out. They feature sharks, sting rays, jelly fish and lots of other cool fish.There is an area where you can touch the sting rays. Our favorite exhibit was the piranha fish. There was an aquarium worker who was there to answer questions and talk about them. They were very cool.Its leads out to a souvenir shop to look for goodies. Overall a nice visit and worth a trip- at least once.
4	This place was very fun! We saw snakes. Hammerhead sharks, stingrays, piranha, jellyfishes and so much more! Although it was a little short but it was a nice aquarium. My favorite part was the pool of stingrays they had because we were able to touch it! Before you walk in, they have a photographer to take your picture which was a nice souvenir to bring home.
4	Shark Reef Aquarium is located at the Mandalay Bay. I don't suggest bringing your kids to Las Vegas but if you did bring them you can take them here. They have other exhibits besides sharks. There are snakes, fishes, stingrays, jellyfishes, starfish, and much more.  At each exhibit there is info about each creature. This is place is fairly small but if you take your time through it, it will kill some time. They do have an exhibit where you can touch stingrays but the personal who works there will emphasize touching them with one finger. You have to at least experience this place once!
3	I have never paid full price for this aquarium and don't think I ever could, especially after visiting the Long Beach Aquarium and Sea World.  This place is tiny compared to those venues and only takes about an hour, maybe 1.5 if you read every placard, to go through.  Before you know it, you are walking through the shark tunnel and its over- leading every visitor to the gift shop.  In fact, we may have spent more time in there as my kids could not decide on a souvenir.  Don't get me wrong- it isn't bad. Manage your expectations and it is a great educational opportunity in the middle of sin city.  My kids love the hands on exhibit where they can pet the stingrays.  I love the huge wall to wall, floor to ceiling aquarium where I can watch different sharks, fish, and other sea life swim in harmony.  It is actually quite soothing and relaxing (as long as it isn't too crowded).   The jellyfish tank is also cool  Did you know they don't have bones, a head, a heart, or a brain? Learn something new every time.
4	Not bad, but too small for price $18 for an adult admission. Touch a fish and a tunnel the most funniest things. A picture doesn't worth it.
2	We visited Mandalay Bay on our honeymoon.  My husband wanted to go to this attraction.  I was reluctant because I am against exhibits with animals kept in tiny unnatural spaces.  I agreed to go because he was doing stuff I was interested in as well.Admission was about $18 a person.  The whole thing is a walk through that takes no time to complete.  I really did not think it was worth the money at all.  He did take some pictures but I think there are better hotel attractions to spend money on.
1	I visited this Shark Reef in August while on vacation and I was blown away by how much it cost and how little the actual aquarium was. Before going inside, there are pictures every where of huge sharks I was so pumped up ready to see a mouth full of teeth, a great white, something! I'm not even positive that there was one adult shark and the reptiles there looked miserable! Needless to say it was $18 and i took me about 10 minutes to walk through the whole thing!..
3	I was disappointed by the amount of sharks there.  I imagine if you have never been to an aquarium you would enjoy yourself quite a bit.  The Mall of America aquarium is 5x better in comparison.
2	For $18 a person, you might wanna spend a little more than the half hour it took us to see this rather small "aquarium." Depending on the day, I bet you could wait in line longer than the time it takes to get through this. Nothing particularly exciting going on, most of the creatures are hiding. You can pet some sting rays in the middle of the tour for free.
2	Meh. I've experienced better. Honestly this place is overpriced. At 18 dollars a person I felt I had been ripped off! Seriously took less than 30 minutes to walk the whole thing!  I d rather walk the aquarium aisle at Walmart then come to this place again.
4	As far as I know, this is the only aquarium in Vegas with a 360 degree glass tunnel, and the ability to walk in and feel like you are underwater is a unique experience, worth the admission price alone, which is a reasonable roughly $20 for an adult. On top of that you can touch a stingray, and check out some fairly exotic looking fish.Downsides: For some reason I thought the sharks would be full size (probably my own ignorance) so seeing that the sharks were small was a little disappointing. The aquarium itself isn't very large either.Would I go again? Probably not, but I recommend visiting once if you're looking for something interesting to do in Vegas.
5	I attended my nephews birthday party this last Saturday. This place really goes abive and beyond for birthday parties. I was very impressed with the staff and accommodations. I was the first to arrive and was greeted by a party hostess. They offered to get us a cart to help get all the stuff from the car to the party room. They also had a cart available to grab the presents from the guests. We were able to go back to the room and help set up/decorate about thirty minutes before the party. They provide utensils and napkins. They also let us bring in our own food/drink. We had pizza delivered. Once we had everything set up, we went back to the front. At exactly 2:30pm the whole party group went through a special line. They hold the parents/adults back so the kids can take a few green screen photos. Then you have about 45 min to an hour or so to roam through the aquarium. The kids absolutely loved it! Best part is being able to touch the stingray with your finger. Once we completed the tour and moved to the private party room. The staff was amazing. She spent such great care and detail explaining the animals in the room to the kids. She also had two that she let the kids touch. I missed the first but the second was a Sea Urchin. She let me touch it too. Creepy! She also did some story time, asking the kids about which one they liked best in the aquarium. The other cool thing about the party room is that one of the walls is part of the aquarium. So the kids can look at the various fish and etc throughout the whole party. Price seems a little steep at $150 for the room, and you purchase discounted tix for all guests at $11 adults $7 kids, but I haven't planned many kids birthday parties. But either way the party was super fun and I highly recommend throwing your next birthday party here. It was a lot of fun for both kids and adults. More info:http://www.sharkreef.com/visitor/events.aspx
5	My whole family liked this attraction a lot. The Shark tank is quite large and there are lots of sharks, fish and rays to see.  The octopus is very cool as well.  My son and husband really enjoyed petting the rays as well.  I enjoyed this more than the Shark encounter at Sea World.
4	Have been here a couple times, and always enjoy myself. Lots of great fish and animals to see. Lots of places to sit and relax and watch the fish swim by. Can be pretty short if you don't stop to take time to observe all of the aquatic life there is to see.
2	Mah-mah to say the least. I bought a 3 exhibit deal at Mandalay Casino. They have a section in the back of the casino dedicated to Shark Reef.This exhibit takes a whole 30 minutes to view-need less to say I felt ripped off. I did see a Komodo dragon which might have been the highlight of the exhibit. The Komodo had his eyes on the little girl standing next to me-he did look pretty bored.I'm partial to the Aquarium of the Pacific in Long Beach, so I wasn't impressed with the admission price or the exhibit.
4	Came here for free with the MyVegas app, normally $18 for an adult on a weekday. Was impressed with the various fishes, sharks, etc they had here. It's a bit smaller than I imagined, but very cool that they even have such an aquarium like this in Vegas!
3	Too small a place for the 18.00 fee!Kids were not happy to visit this place.I would not visit again unless improvementsAre made.
3	Quality, well thought out facility in terms of aesthetics. Fun to look at and beautiful animals. $18 for adults- not worth the price for how short it was. Literally we were done in 20mins and that was even with is sitting in one area for 10 mins in one of the tunnels.
2	Nice to look at, but money not well spent. We breezed through the aquarium in under 45min and that was us really dragging our feet. Very crowded (even a line to get tickets and get in), nothing unique about the exhibits, and the shark tank wasn't that impressive. Use your $20 elsewhere.
3	We purchased this tour as part of a 3 for $57 deal.  Lovely little aquarium.  I think it would've been more impressive if we were coming from a place that does not have a major aquarium.  Glad we saw it but I'd be hesitant to recommend it to anyone who has been to Monterey Bay aquarium, for example.  Fun 45 minute (at most) diversion on the strip.
4	Really awesome place! They have a variety of fishes and animals. Also, there is a spot where you can pet sting rays which is pretty cool. I reccomend this for little kids and children, they'll love it!
4	This place is great! At $18/person, it's so worth it! Yes, it's smaller than your regular "museum-style" aquarium, but what it lacks in size, it makes up for in originality! It took a little over an hour for my husband and I to make our way through the entire thing. High points: the not ONE, but TWO "walk thru" tunnels that make a great photo op. The stingray-petting pool (AWESOME!!). The shark pool where you can see sharks swirling on all sides, including above and below, with the windows to see all views. The jellyfish tank was also quite entertaining.My recommendation is to visit on a weekday when the crowds aren't so thick. The views were amazing, but waiting for a turn up front was not fun.
4	I am giving this place four stars because my kids had a good time. However, if you do not have kids I do not recommend this place. It is defiantly not worth the money. It is very small I think the tour took about 20-30 minutes. They have a variety of fish and you can also pet the stingrays. They also have a glass tunnel you can walk in and see the fish.  It wasn't very crowded of course we went on a Monday so am not to sure about weekends. I've been to Sea World and The Aquarium of the pacific and this "aquarium" doesn't compare to them. My biggest disappointment was that based off the name I was expecting to see more of a variety of sharks and if am not mistaken I only saw blue sharks and a Sawshark. I would recommend this place of you have kids. If not save your money.
4	Nice little aquarium. $18/person for adults. Was a little disappointed because it was pretty short. Mostly big fish. Was not as many sharks as I would have hoped. Not a lot of big ones either. There is an area you can touch the sting rays. They have a gift shop. Bathrooms are pretty and clean. Customer service was great. No lines. Can't bring drinks in unless it's in a closed bottle and they still will ask you to put it in a bag or something. Good for younger children.
2	Visited the aquarium sinve it was on the 10 must do things while in vegas. Nice aquarium but not everything advertised was available. An interesting place to visit but I'm not sure it's a must see if you are in vegas
4	It's a small aquarium but I enjoyed it. I got coupon through myvegas app, so it was buy 1 get 1 free adult ticket. They had a "fake" looking Komodo Dragon, but it was awesome! They also had 2 sea turtles. It's a nice place to come to take some time off of gambling. I wouldn't come back but I am glad I can say I have attended.
4	If there is one thing I learned in Vegas on this past trip is that it can be "kid friendly" but keeping kids entertained still comes at a hefty price.  So considering that all of the activities are expensive, I considered ourselves winners if we actually enjoyed ourselves, despite the price tag. Shark Reef Aquarium at the Mandalay Bay was expensive ($18/adult, $12/child), especially for the size of the place and what was essentially a  45 minute visit.  However, our entire family enjoyed ourselves immensely for the time we were there.  The place is much more modern and up to date looking than Dolphin Harbor at the Mirage (which looks like it needs a good sprucing up). The marine life was phenomenal and presented in a stunning environment.First there is a little maze with small tanks holding various species of marine life, as well as some snakes and a Komodo Dragon.  There is a large room with a stingray pool, a large jelly fish tank and a big lion fish tank which are all fascinating to lim at.  The glass shark tunnel was incredible;  Walking through  a dry space with sharks all around is quite an experience.  The last room has a huge tank with more sharks and plenty of exotic and not so exotic marine life including a sawfish.  Believe me, I am the only non fisherman in my family and even I was impressed!
4	We visited the aquarium on 12/21/2014.I got a two for one coupon with the My Vegas app so paying $20 for the both of us was well worth it. I really don't think this is worth $20 a person unless you are a die hard shark person. This place was actually pretty awesome, I think. they had a lot of animals that I have never seen up close like that before. The huge tank is amazing and to have such a variety of sharks and other animals swimming that close to you is very majestic. It only took us maybe 45 minutes to an hour to complete the exhibit but for sure something fun to do if you have a chance to do it.
3	I want to give this place 5 stars... But... I just cant.I should have looked for discounted tickets before taking our family here. I think I would have left satisfied had I done so.However, the extremely high ticket price is what I paid for about 15-20 mins inside the aquarium. They hype it up to be this amazing morning or afternoon experience. The reality is, you spend about $80 for a family of 5 for about a 20-30 minute walk through of tanks...Was very disappointed. However they did have a few sea turtles which was the highlight my kiddos said.
2	There is a really long line for this attraction, in the $20 price tag for adult didn't quite do it for me. Having to wait for about 45 minutes, I expected something really grand. Unless you have children, don't go here.there are some interesting sharks, and a Komodo dragon, but overall there are no great whites. They have a few jellyfish, but a real aquarium easily tops this.
3	The aquarium is a bit small and expensive, but your kids will love it.  Walk slowly and take lots of pictures in order to get the full value of your $18 per adult ticket.My son is still talking about how he got to touch the stingrays, so any event that makes such an impression on a child is worth it in my book.  There was a good variety of sharks, along with some beautifully colored fish and jellyfish, even a few giant sea turtles, though you have to be patient to find them.One of my favorites was the Komodo dragon, a giant 8-foot lizard.  He flicked his tongue out for the cameras and turned to look at us:  awe-inspiring.There is also a cute gift store near the exit, and you can buy pictures of your party in various poses.Overall a great way to spend an hour if you take things slow.
4	Staying at the Mandalay Bay it was pretty much a given that I would come here. I love animals and I am fascinated with the ocean. I really enjoyed my experience here. They had a beautiful display of jelly fish that were green and red to resemble Christmas colors. They had a lot of sharks as well and it is just so cool to watch them swim. They had many tanks with all kinds of different fish. The also had a pool with sting rays in it and they let you pet them which was pretty awesome. I really think you should come see for yourself. The tickets are $18 which isnt bad. The only drawbacks is when it gets crowded which it was it is hard to see and take pictures. The spaces to look are on the small side so when it is crowded it kind of messes it up a little. The other thing is that is short. Monterrey Aquarium for example is much larger. You will get through this one pretty quick. Other than that it was enjoyable and educational. They have a giftshop at the end that has some pretty cool souveniors.
4	I was pleasantly surprised with the Shark Reef Aquarium.  I would say I've been to quite a few Aquarium's around the country and this one is one of the best that I've visited.  I really like the theme they chose..it looked authentic and not hokey...it reminded me of a lost city in the Amazon.  They had the largest octopus I've ever seen at an Aquarium!  All of their sea animals were out to play..not hiding in a corner.  The jellyfish tank was super cool as was the Komodo dragon (never seen one of those in person before!).  The line got pretty long early in the day but they are open till 8pm so maybe later afternoon would be a better time to visit?
