5	I saw Lena's review and decided to check this place out since I just moved to Las Vegas and in need of some eyebrows grooming.  I gotta say J-Byrd, she knows what she is doing. My eyebrows are in perfect shape and very even.  Highly Recommend!!
4	I love shopping for makeup and hair care products here. I downgraded it by one star for two reasons: 1) sometimes the high-end cosmetics does not look well-maintained and even gets a bit dirty; 2) the salon manager got really snotty with me a few weeks ago.Most of the stylists here are top notch. But I recently had a bad cut from someone who has done a terrific job on my hair in the past. When I called on Tuesday (my cut was on Friday) to say that I thought something was wrong with my cut, the manager gave me such a hard time that I considered never coming back. Everything worked out though. After Mr Ugly Manager finally saw some reason and set me up for a re-cut, I saw the same woman and she did a bang-up job the second time around.I never saw J-Byrd but someone else did my brows here about a year ago and she did a terrible job so I haven't tried the brows again. There's an Asian salon in the same strip mall as Trader Joe's over on Decatur that does great eyebrows for something like $7.
4	A woman's paradise.  I can't go in this place with out spending a lotta cash.  I always find something that I need even if I didn't think I needed it before I entered the store. They have great sales so you have to keep an eye on things to save money.  I do wish they had the Benefit line in the store as they had promised before.  They do sell Clinique as well as other brands.  They have a great selection of hair products including hair dryers and flat irons, my new favorite toy.  I deducted a star because the last time I was there, I spent almost $400.00 and was waiting in line for a while.  I reached over to grab a bath salt and finally they checked me out but the cashier wasn't paying attention to who was in line and kind of gave me a hard time, even though I WAS next.  And I do think they should  try to get more lines in besides Clinique like maybe Lancome, Benefit etc.... That would make me happier.
2	Went here to buy some foundation because it's closer than a Sephora store.  In the make-up area I was asked if I needed help, which is nice just in case that I did.  The store was pretty dead but I still had a long wait in line up front.  The gal was rude.  Getcha in getcha out, no politeness what-so-ever.  She could not even look me in the eye or hand me my bag.  Did not even have my change back in my wallet before I heard, "next please."  Left the store with a bad funk following me.  I'll just go to Sephora next time.
5	I can not tell you how much I love coming to Ulta for my beauty supply needs. They have it all; Make-up, perfumes, haircare, skin care, waxing and a salon!!When you first walk in, you are greeted by many people, all smiling. The only draw back to walking in is that all of the perfumes are up front, so you are kind of assaulted by scents as you walk in. I love that Ulta has high-end makeup, hair care, and skin care brands for decent prices (unlike sephora, where everything is friggin' expensive...), as well as the lower end brands of everything as well. They also have their own brand of makeup, which isn't terrible!!The high end counters [Benefit, Clinique, Bare Minerals, Smash box... The list goes on...] always have someone willing to help you pick out the perfect something for your face, as well as ulta consultants that are trained to know about all of the makeup, and can help you if all of the others are busy. Ulta also has make up classes where you can go to the counters on select days and get a free class and make over for that brand! They also have these for their skin care lines, as well.The people in the salon are super sweet. I have never gotten my hair cut or colored there, but they did an up-do for me for a wedding, and it looked flawless! The esthetician named Irene is also the sweetest girl ever and she does a great job. I have always been fearful of getting my eye brows waxed [not for the pain, but because i'm scared someone will get wax happy and take off too much!!], but she understood what i wanted, and did it perfectly. Another flawless job by an Ulta Tech!They also have a FREE REWARDS PROGRAM where you earn credits for vouchers to receive free stuff from them. It is amazing. between my mom and i we have gotten up to a level 11 before!! I got a new straightener and a new curling iron because of it, and had enough credits left over for some free make up too!!I LOVE Ulta. They really do have everything a girl needs!
2	The definition of crazy: repeating the same behavior and expecting different results.  Got the same rudeness here again today,  I don't know why I keep coming back to this place.  Damn all the good sales and bogos.  Ahhh stupid cheapskate in me!!!  I was wondering around the perfume section long enough today but, no one asked me if I needed help.  I got close enough to a worker bee but as soon as she saw me she swung her heel to the ground and skipped out like a lightning bug on fire.  Had to go back a little while later because I didn't get my reciept.  I should stop coming here, but I'm crazy.
2	i came here like five years ago so things may have changed but because of my experience i will not go back. all of the hair dressers were rude to me and al i wanted was my perimeter bleached and two spots throughout my hair. this took her litterally 5 hours! ridiculous. and i ended up spending 200 something dollars when it wasnt even what i wanted and i had to spend so much because the woman who did my hair was clearly inexperienced and had to keep making bowls which was in terms costing me money. plus they're all quite snobish.
2	I love Ulta, because it carries a good variety of beauty supplies, and makeup, but the staff that work here are very rude. Me and my sister came in one time after we worked out in the gym dressed in sweats, and no one said hi, they just gave us dirty looks. I would've gave them 5 stars, but for lack of good customer service I give them 2.
3	You'd think that I have no business writing a review for a Cosmetics store. Well...too bad. I'm going to write one.It's no secret that I take particular interest in quality shaving products. I was in the market for a shave oil for my face (I use a soap/brush combo instead of foam).I was driving by and thought I'd try my luck. As soon as I walked in, I could smell the estrogen in the air. I felt out of place. I was the only dude in there. So I walked around, looking for the mens section. I didn't make eye contact with anyone because I didn't want to feel awkward. As if I wasn't feeling awkward enough already.After 10 minutes of walking through makeup, fragrances and such, I stumbled upon the men's section. Thank God.They had a fantastic selection of men's grooming products like shave creams, soaps, oils and anti-aging balms.An employee approached me, asked me some questions about what specifically I was looking for. Through this discussion, I found the right product for my face.The staff really won me over here, because I was scared to be in there. Now I'd have no problem going back and approaching a staff member without fear of being judged.Dudes...check out the men's section. Don't be a caveman.
4	I love this Ulta! It's always clean and bright. The staff is very helpful. The coupons are the best and the free gifts are always so cute :)
4	I love Ulta. What girl wouldn't? Hair stuff, Makeup stuff and perfume stuff all in one place. Most everything is easy to find. The aisles are wide. The store is bright and roomy. They have great prices. You can also get a great deal if you wait for sales and use coupons. I can't really say much on the staff here as I usually know what I'm looking for but I've never had any problems checking out or returning anything.
3	Come in here a few times to look for something specific, since they are a beauty product mecca, thought of all places I'd find what I wanted. They cater to the the young, and even though I consider myself still on the young side, found they didn't care what I was looking for. I can still find it on line, but thought big store, might be worth a shot. Still a good place for any kind of beauty product, from lip liner to hair accessory. If you use the coupons, and wait for the sales, they have really good prices. There is many gift ideas as well.
3	Ulta is a good place to kill time.  It's easy to spend an hour looking at the variety of cosmetics and accessories.  Sometimes I can find what I want, sometimes not.  But I'll only buy something if I have one of their coupons, because generally, if it's a line carried by Walmart, the price is going to be cheaper at Walmart.  Using Ulta's coupon will bring the price down to what I'd pay for the identical item at W, or maybe a bit cheaper.  If it's a higher-end product, then the coupon will make it more affordable.When I was there the other day, the checkout line snaked around the barriers three times.  To their credit, there were five registers staffed, so I waited no more than five or six minutes until I got rung up. That raised them up a star in my evaluation.I don't love it, don't hate it.  But I'm sure I'll be back.
4	Who would've thought, ey? Ulta is the spot and again, I thank my lovely gf for the hot tips and tricks to finding the best products!I don't feel a bit of awkwardness nor do I feel a smidgen of shame to do a review for such a great and handy establishment!  I came here a few times with my gf and the few times I've come here, I've been overwhelmed with how much a person can spend at Ulta!  The wall to wall display and racks of different products for one body part is BEYOND me! ...I'm talking about the face, people!We've come here a few times to pick up cosmetics and skin care products.  We've picked up a few accessories including hair dryers. They also convenience patrons by having their own salon inside of this establishment.  I've yet to visit their salon, but I'll save the opportunity for a time when I'm in a bind.  I fancy myself with the best products to keep myself clean and groomed.  I believe that the best way for a man to groom himself and clean up is to get help from a well-groomed woman is who patient enough to guide a man along the path of cleanliness.  This woman must know exactly what you need and Ulta is filled with them. I'm lucky to have to have a gf who is knowledgeable in this particular field so I'm set ;)I come here for the face washes, nail cutters, and hair products.  They have a mailing list for discounts to loyal customers and seem to always be having a sale. Hmm? Marketing is really on the ball!  In a billion-dollar industry, Ulta has what it takes to take you where you and your skin want to be.  I leave this place with the itch to invent the cream that will change everyone's lives and I have Ulta to thank for this dream!
3	Before there was Sephora, I came to this store alot since I worked in the area. A long time ago, the location near Best Buy on Maryland Parkway/Katie, was the one that sold me- but it didn't last. At the time, it was the only store of its kind- offering hair salon services and a full line of cosmetic products (hair/face/body). I guess that combination still sets itself apart from Sephora (not a salon but you can sample some cosmetics). Also, had the rewards card, so when you purchased a certain amount, you would choose your reward. So, why the 3 stars? Only simply because compared to Sephora, which has more locations, it's located on two main sides- the west side (Best in the West shopping center) and Henderson. And for that very reason, I haven't really been at this store anymore. Oh well, still great, if you live or work near the area.
1	Very poor customer service. Booking agents made an error and manager did little to rectify situation. Was spoken to condescendingly and in no way appeased.
5	This review is for The Salon at Ulta. I called the salon and asked "for your best colorist" The women there told me that Val was the best colorist at the Salon. (Which doesn't seem like a big deal but when I called Regis Salon and asked for the same thing she told me that all the girls there were great at color, which kinda upset me because everyone has their strengths and I was looking for the best.)I was told that Val wouldn't be working until tomorrow and I made the Apt.I arrived on time and Val was ready and waiting for me, I didn't have to wait at all, which was nice. I did go on a wed at 1pm but it was nice not to be rushed once I got in the chair, it took about 3 hours but I have very thick hair so that was to be expected. Anyway, Valerie was so nice, and she did a really great job. She's young and nice and I really loved my hair when she was done. I got highlights, it cost me $135 for Full Head Highlights. I Absolutely LOVED Val and I'm SO happy to finally found a new stylist.
1	The employees at the store don't know the promotions/products. I bought an item that had a whole table set-up just for the promo, when I got to register the item didn't ring up correctly and I had to inform the cashier of the promo. Both of the cashiers at the registers had no idea (the promo is even in the weekly ad) I had to walk over to the table and bring the big sale sign to them. They had to call a manager over because the item would not come up correctly, even the manager could not get the promo to ring up correctly (as it was advertised in store and in the ad). To top it off the employees were not courteous, just very poor customer service.  I'll be shopping online or at another Ulta from now on.
4	Came in today looking for some body spray, a feather extension for my daughter, and what ever goodies i could treat my self to. when i walked though the door I was greeted by about 5 different people how nice. The store is pretty big and the layout is nice ever thing is clearly labeled and easy to find. I head over to the sprays and lotions only to find out the one I want is sold out. Then I head over to the hair products again feathers are sold out. One of the sales ladies was kind enough to look up orders to find out when more will come in. This week! Good news. So even if both items were sold out they were nice enough to look up shipping orders for me. Left without but all in all I was happy with the customer service so I will absolutely be back later this week!
3	i thought i was going to save money on my daughters birthday by going to ulta. But when we went to the counter to pay $180.!! OMG!! LMAO!! I love my daughter and she gave me a big kiss and hug. I didnt know how much this stuuff could be?? For my daughter and a hug and kiss and being her birthday, it was well worth it!! I love u Selena!!
5	Sarah is one of the best stylists around Vegas.  She deserves the title master stylist.  My highlights look awesome and she tells you the price and what she is going to do before she starts working on you.  I would highly recommend giving her a try.
5	Ulta seems to have all the things you're looking in beauty products. I buy all my Bare Escentuals items from here. I like that they offer email specials and discounts, they have a wide choice of brands, and their staff seemed very friendly and helpful, both on the floor and at check-out. :)
1	I am editing my review from a 4 stars to a 1 star because tonight was my final straw of screw ups. I went to Ulta tonight to get some more Redken because it was on sale with that ad they said you also get a free pump (cool, but whatever). So when i went to check out and the cashier is EXTREMELY caddy (like usually here) so i kept our convo short. But when she told me the told it sounded a little high, she seemed in a rush so i checked my receipt when i got home. She put 2 bottle pumps into my bag without telling me then charged me $6 dollars for them! For something i did not want or was told i was being charged for! It would be somewhat ok if this wasn't the second time in the row that they over charged me for something. A few months ago the cashier with the same attitude charged me for the same nail polish 4 times. They really need to teach these girls at the front how to be nice to customers and how to ring up items because it is getting really annoying to be over charged at the same store each time i go. The only thing i will come back for is the Benefit Brow Bar and the salon, at lease those people now how to treat customers.
1	Seriously, I hate this store, but like a bad relationship I just keep coming back.  I came to return a few items that just didn't work for me and while the clerk wasn't rude I did get a "You're killing me."  That  I could handle that, no problem.  When I was done shopping  I was offered two issues of Glamour and two issues of Self magazine.  A try before you buy, cancel anytime and you won't be charged kind of spiel.  Well ain't nothing for free.  I received a bill before the mags. Then two issues show up out of order a few days apart. Then I see a charge on my card for Glamour but it's more than what I was told it would be plus I never told Ulta they could give my credit card info to Conde Nast Publications. Besides the fact I had a paper bill in my possession, thinking if I ordered I would send in a check in their pre-paid envelope. So anyway, I call up the bank and tell them it's a fraudulent charge so they do what they do and turn the card off...paperwork ect. So I call up Conde Nast and ask them to cancel everything. They tell me that they had charged my card and that it went through but they would refund it since I'm cancelling it. I try to tell them they had no right plus it's more than the amount they advertised to begin with. They hung up on me. Now my debit card is useless and the people who work at the bank have to go through all this extra work for naught. So those two "free" magazines certainly don't seem free.  Just say no, this headache isn't worth it.  Also bring cash, who knows who else Ulta is giving your credit card info to.
3	Yes and No. YES to the cosmetic store part and absolutely NO to the salon. (It's a shame I couldn't rate these separately because I could give the store a 5 and the salon a 1) _________The store: I love shopping at Ulta, me and my mom have been shopping there for years and have never had any problems. Returning products is a painless and quick process (even after they have been opened) and they have some amazing deals. It has almost everything I could ever need, so I rarely shop anywhere else. The workers are pleasant, and though not overly helpful/knowledgeable, they are nice.   _________The salon: If you value your hair, just don't. I decided to try it out once since I always shop at Ulta, and it was the biggest mistake of my life. I wanted an a-line with side-swept bangs, which one of the hair stylists had so I was able to point out that I wanted my hair to look exactly like hers. The girl who was cutting my hair claimed that she was the one who had cut the other stylist's a-line and side-swept bangs, so I was thrilled to have her cut my hair. I might as well have gotten my haircut at a slaughter house. Instead of the a-line that was suppose to be shoulder length in the front I got a bob that went to my chin, and instead of the side-swept bangs I pretty much got blunt, straight across bangs. It looked absolutely terrible! I cried after and had to wear hair extensions for the next 6 months until it grew out enough to get it redone.To top it all off, I demanded a refund, hair extensions or anything really to fix the butcher job that was done on my hair. Nothing. All they could give me were their excuses on how my hair was 'too thick' to do the side-swept bangs (oh really? no one could tell me this before I got my haircut?), how it did look like the other stylist's hair (I'm sorry, I didn't realize I was blind and retarded), and whatever other bs they thought they could possibly feed me.  They refused to do a refund, refused to do anything except offer a free haircut on my next visit. Yeah. Right. Like I was ever going to let them touch my hair a second time. It was literally the worst haircut I had ever gotten.
1	This is the only Ulta location within a reasonable distance from my home in NW Vegas. The store itself is well stocked and always incredibly busy (it is a great location). But...the sales associates are without a doubt the pushiest associates I have EVER encountered in ANY store anywhere in the world. Seriously. My sister was visiting last month and we made our standard shopping rounds, which always includes a visit to Ulta (she doesn't have one where she lives). We were pounced on the instant we walked in the door. We were just browsing, though we each tend to make rather large purchases each visit-eventually. In the course of 45 minutes, we were approached and offered help and questioned over and over about what we needed a total of 17 times! No exaggeration-17 times. One associate alone came up to us 5 times. They weren't busy as it was mid afternoon on a Weds, and frankly my sister and I are rather memorable as we are both nearly 6 feet tall, so I'm fairly certain they didn't fail to recognize us as the same customers they just assaulted, er, tried to assist. No matter how politely firm we were, they just couldn't let us shop in peace-not even for 5 minutes without interruption. This has happened every visit in the last 6 months (I went in at least twice a month since I bought all of my moisturizers, self tanners, hair color, makeup and hair products here). I understand sales associates have sales quotas, but someone needs to teach these employees how to take a hint. If a customer says "no thank you, I'm just browsing" then move on already! If I need help I assure you I will seek it; I'm not exactly shy. The last visit was so annoying that we left without making a single purchase. And we were carrying around at least $200 worth of merchandise each in our bags. It was that bad. I spoke with the manager on my way out and he could have cared less. I've started shopping online at ulta.com now. I used to enjoy the in store experience but you couldn't pay me to go back to that location. I'd rather pay shipping and save the aggravation.
5	Ulta is quickly overtaking my love of Sephora since it is so much closer and so easily assisible. They are also beginning to carry more high end brands like Lancome and Benefit. I like that they have a better selection of salon hair products as well as the drugstore brands. NYX is sold here and often goes on sale for buy one get one half off. If you're a follower of beauty blogs you can appreciate the NYX brand as an inexpensive beauty find. This particular store is huge, which allows for plenty of room to meander and shop. The staff greet you as you walk in the door and are always willing to answer questions or look for out of stock items if asked.
1	This is for the Salon.Called to try and make an appt they said they will call me 30 mins before my service because there packed on Sunday. So 5:30 comes along & they said they need to reschedule me because there closing in 30 mins and don't have time for me.They offered to reschedule for the following week. So I said Tuesday in the afternoon. Early Tuesday they called at 9:36am telling me they need to reschedule me to earlier to 12 I said no I can't do 12. I pick that time because that's when I have free time. I asked for a later time their like no. So I asked for Saturday. Oh we can't do Sat it's too busy. If you want you can just cancel. It was early in the morning I was already annoyed because the call woke me up and every time/ day I'm giving her, she's saying No. So I finally gave in and canceled my appointment.
5	Ulta is quickly overtaking my love of Sephora since it is so much closer and so easily assessable. They are also beginning to carry more high end brands like Lancome and Benefit. I like that they have a better selection of salon hair products as well as the drugstore brands. NYX is sold here and often goes on sale for buy one get one half off. If you're a follower of beauty blogs you can appreciate the NYX brand as an inexpensive beauty find. This particular store is huge, which allows for plenty of room to meander and shop. The staff greet you as you walk in the door and are always willing to answer questions or look for out of stock items if asked.
4	Came in today to get my brows done at the Benefit Brow Bar. April did a great job and was very friendly. I had a coupon for $5 off $10 and the Ardell lashes were on sale so I decided to get a few packs. Since I am still new to false lashes, I asked one of the young ladies about them and she was very helpful and knowledgeable about the products. She even recommended a lash for everyday wear. I love this store but they always seem to be out of stock of many NYX products which is a bummer because that is my favorite brand. I also don't always get asked for my rewards card which can be irritating because I am usually a level 4 - 5 at least twice a year so when my rewards don't get added in, I miss out.
2	First, I never do this unless it is absolutely necessary and it would be irresponsible not to. DO NOT ACCEPT THEIR MAGAZINE PROMOTION. The cashier made it sound like I wouldn't pay anything until I respond to a mailing I would be receiving. This makes sense since the magazine company needs to acquire a payment method...correct? NOPE.  Ulta slides your credit card and gives it directly to the magazine companies, and if you don't respond then they automatically charge you assuming no new is good news.  Luckily the customer service rep at the magazine company took care of me and refunded me... at least that's what he said and we will see.
5	The girls that work at this location are so friendly and sweet. Any time I forget my rewards coupon, they're willing to still give me the discount. The lines always go quickly, and I feel like they always have what I am looking for. I love Ulta. So amazing!! :)
4	Its fairly close to my house, has a decent rewards program and I'm pretty pleased with my hair cut and dye job I got from Kellie. I also got my brows done, while I love getting them done there, I was not amused at the fake ones she drew on me to fill in here I'm lacking...it was pretty scary LOL. Oh well, they look flawless without the added brow
4	I think Ulta is taking over my preferred place to get makeup stuff over Sephora for the most part. Ulta has sales, coupons, etc. and a rewards program that makes it worth it to shop. SAs did approach to see if I needed help and when I did they are generally pretty helpful. I normally like to browse alone and they aren't pushy. The one thing about this place is how strongly the fragrance smells in here. I don't know what it is about this location but it is really bad. I'm normally not afflicted but it was bothersome and the BF got instant headache. I don't know if it's because we come on weekends when it's busy and a lot of assholes like the spray the air to smell, but it may be too much for a sensitive person. Still, I am a fan and I say it's a go for beauty stuff.
2	I like to go here to stock up on my cosmetics because of the promotions and coupons they always have, but the salon itself is a mess. I went in for a haircut and style since there was a promotion at that time and there were two stylists and one customer at the salon portion. One of the stylists was already working with the customer so I got stuck with the one that was sitting around. Once I told her about the promotion (I'm not even sure she knew about it), she gave off this unenthusiastic attitude about it, almost like she didn't want to cut my hair for that price. I didn't think much about it and let her wash my hair. She seated me next to the other customer who was getting some color done and I told her I needed at least 3 inches taken off because of really bad split ends and layered. While she was cutting, she tried to make small talk with me, but I felt it was a bit forced because she kept asking me random questions. I thought the cutting time was really quick, and when she was blow drying my hair, I realized she had only cut an inch of my hair! So I told her I wanted a few more inches chopped off and she gave me an annoyed look. Then the other stylist walked away from her customer and went shopping in the store, I kid you not. She came back with those nail polish strips and said she wanted to try them, and proceeded to open the package without having paid for them! How unprofessional is that? She simply said she would buy them later on her break with her employee discount...After my stylist was done cutting my hair for the second time, I realized she had only cut another inch off my hair and I was too annoyed to sit there any longer so I just went to pay. The only good thing from this experience was the styling, but I will never come back to Ulta to get my hair cut again.
5	I was really in awe when I first walked in here. Amazing prices and they always send me coupons in the mail. I love the tree hut's body scrub and they always have amazing deals on them. I love it here.
5	everytime i go tho this store. I comeput feeling BEAUTIFUL!  sales people are so knowledgeable and helpful.
1	Okay so Ulta Salon is equivalent to a Super Cuts. Their stylist are a hit and miss on level of skills. The Salon is DIRTY and they use dirty tools on you if you do not stay on top of them. Every time I have been to Ulta Salon there is hair everywhere and I have to ask them to clean just so I can sit or put my purse down. They are expensive for a chain salon, ex. haircut by Jr. stylist $50!If you decide to try them ask for a "Master Stylist" then be very specific as to what you want done and good luck.
2	ULTA is just a drug store dressed up for prom. These employees need to check their attitudes. Unfortunately, there isn't a magic cream that can fix stupid and no perfume that can cover the odor of terrible training and management.I didn't think there was a way to convince me I didn't need anther over-priced and ridiculously packaged beauty product. However, the rudeness of the staff at this ULTA was enough to cause me to leave the store despite the fact that my skin is desperately crying out for moisture. I don't care if they sell something so fantastic that it makes me look like my own baby, I don't spend money on beauty products to be insulted by snobbish sales women.There are only two reasons to purchase in at this store rather than elsewhere. The first is convenience. The lines at the ULTA are generally long and half of the products are sold at the Walgreens closer to my house... Or the grocery store where I already spend most of my time and money. There is also nothing more convenient than the internet. It's not as glamorous but at least no one is actively insulting towards customers in any of these places.The second reason to shop here is the fancy atmosphere. No one in that store has ever said a word to me other than trying to sell me something and no one knows anything helpful about the products. To top that off, these Barbie wannabes have terrible attitudes for girls who are doing a job that requires fewer skills than flipping burgers. Except people who flip burgers at least manage to be friendly most of the time. ULTA needs to put their employees in check. I am reviewing with 2 stars only because I have managed to overlook this major defect in the store for over a year. My tween daughter loves to shop here as a treat. However, she loves Target just as much and I can buy drug store products at the drug store. Department store makeup counters will be happy to provide me with a snotty attitude and better beauty products if I really feel the need to be looked down upon.
1	A week ago I called and made an appointment to get my hair cut and styled.  I have medium length straight hair that's not too thick or thin.  Apparently I was booked with a "Master Stylist" - although this was not told to me on the phone when I made the appointment.  In the chair I was told the stylist was a "master stylist" and that my haircut would be $10 extra because of that.  I went ahead thinking I'd get a better haircut.  When I got home, for 3 days I tried to get the right side of my hair that hangs down on each side of my face below my shoulders to be even.  It was an inch longer on the right than the left.  I figured it was the way I was wearing it since a "master" cut my hair.  Finally I lobbed off the extra inch of hair on the right side and now it's even.  I brought photos of how I wanted it styled but it was left several inches too long on top to the point that I now have "Mushroom head" hair.  I wouldn't recommend this salon.  I have to go get my haircut again.
1	I made an appointment and was scheduled with Kim, the salon manager. Not only did she have to be paged 3 times before she decided to show up, she also gave me a horrible cut. For a salon manager and 'master stylist', I expect a cut to be even. My hair is choppy and ridiculous, and she cut bangs that looked like something I cut myself when I was 5 after finding a pair of scissors.  I would give them negative stars if it were possible
5	ULTA has won my heart, completely. I shop here frequently and every time I do, I get excellent customer service and the workers actually want to satisfy my needs. I visited ULTA today to hopefully change my eyebrow powder into a darker color since I dyed my hair black the day before. (I had golden light brown hair for two years) unfortunately I couldn't find my receipt for the eyebrow powder I bought earlier this year. (I was actually lazy to raid my room looking for the receipt) So the worker was generous enough to do an exchange for a darker color. There was a slight price difference of $2.70 but that's not much, right? I was completely satisfied. I also bought a Dolce and Gabbana perfume for the winter since my old perfume has a more floral scent and the worker who showed me it was so sweet as well! I am currently in love with the perfume. Love this place!!
1	Terrible, terrible customer service. Me and my boyfriend were in there a couple of days ago, since I needed a new fix spray. I currently use Benefit spray, which is awesome but I also wanted to see if I could get a cheaper brand. Well, we weren't greeted when we walked in, but then again it was pretty busy, so I let that slide. But as I was looking around, trying to find where their fix sprays were, one associate walked right by me, (maybe like a foot away from me) and didn't ask if I needed help, and pretended like she was busy with a basket of items in her hand. Not wanting to bother her, I looked around for other help, but no one except the girls at the hair section seemed available. We wander around aimlessly for about 20 minutes, until  my boyfriend  found an associate who was standing in the front middle section of the store, writing something on a piece of paper. As I walked up to her, I asked her, "Excuse me?" and in the rudest tone ever and without looking up, she says, "YES?" I was shocked by her rudeness, but I went ahead and asked her for help anyway. She then looks up at me with the most irritated look on her face and says something along the lines of, "I'm not on the clock right now so I'm gonna have to get someone else to help you." She then yells loudly across the whole store to this young man and told him to show us the Urban Decay brand of fix sprays. Though this guy was nice, I wasn't too happy when I asked him if there was another brand of spray that is a bit cheaper and he says, "Oh, we don't carry any other brand, this is the only one we have. Plus, it's the best one we have and I wouldn't recommend anything else." After I thanked him and he left, I saw the Benefit product section, went over and saw that they had a bottle of fix spray that was cheaper than Urban Decay. I was irritated that he said they didn't carry anything else when clearly they did and was costing less. Seeing as how my temper was getting bad and I didn't want to stay in the store any longer, I got in line, purchased my spray and left. I have never left a business as angry and offended as I was here. And as for the rude associate who "helped" us, I did not get her name but I think she was a manager of some sort. I would not advise anyone to shop at this location unless you want to be met with short, unprofessional and snappy behavior and amateur employees.EDIT: Actually, the Benefit product I mentioned is a facial re-hydrating mist, but can also double as a fix spray. Nevertheless, I believe the male associate should have shown me other options instead of telling me that Urban Decay was their only brand.
1	I keep having the same problem everytime I go here...they are ALWAYS out of everything! The employees have always been decent with me (it's a hit or miss. Some are very nice and helpful. Some are just rude and treat you like an inconvenience) but whoever is doing the stocking of that store or maybe it's at a corporate level needs to start doing a better job. I come here mostly for NYX cosmetics because I can't find it anywhere else. EVERYTIME they are out of the one powder color I need. I asked the girl when they would be getting more in and she just shrugged. You look around the aisles and most of the products don't have prices, there are bottles opened and just really messy and worst of all I have to inspect all the things I buy because the majority of them have been used (like people stick their fingers in them or use the lipsticks) which is sooooooo unsanitary! Get your act together ULTA! Also I went in once back in May to get the opi gel Polish put on my nails for a wedding I was leaving out of town for the next day. I called right when they opened that morning and made an appointment for 5pm. I got their 15min prior and was seated. At 5 they went over to the stylist who was to do my nails and told her I was there. I could CLEARLY hear the stylist tell the receptionist that she doesn't want to do them, that she just wants to go home. She rolled her eyes, put on a fake smile and came over to talk to me. She then proceeded to tell me that she was over booked and she couldn't do it but I could come in the next day. I told her I was leaving for a wedding and couldn't do that. She then looked at my nails and made a disgusted face and said she couldn't do anything with my nails anyways and offered for me to come in after my trip. It was ridiculous and needless to say I didn't.
3	Who doesn't love Ulta?  Customer service wasn't great at this location, so I'd probably try another store before returning here.
3	Ulta...ulta is a last resort that I take when Bare Minerals is out of my color, or when I need a better quality beauty blender than the one target has for cheaper. Also, sometimes they have what I'm looking for, sometimes they don't. They DO tend to keep a large stock of Naked Palettes from Urban Decay, which I like! (Sephora is always sold out of them constantly) Customer service is okay at the register most of the time, but man, security is lookin at everyone like we're all suspicious of somethin!!!! If Ulta wants to compete with other beauty stores they should really get more popular brands or really really lower the prices of most of their inventory to Walmart-level!
2	They have great deals on Shampoos & Conditioners. I use Redken which is usually on sale either buy 1 get 1 free or buy 2 get 1 free I only wish they had good customer service.
2	I just can't get into this store.  I think they are overpriced and even when they have their typical $3.50 off of $10.00 purchase, I find it just brings the item down to what it would be if I purchased it elsewhere.  On top of that I just don't find their associates on the floor to be very friendly.  And the coupons have so many exclusions that if you are wanting to buy a fragrance or specific makeup line it doesn't qualify anyways.  I will, however, shop here in a pinch for Bare Minerals when I can't get to the outlet or a retail store.  At least there I feel I am rewarded for my purchases.
5	I have had the same person do my hair for almost three years, but that person doesn't live in Las Vegas, so my hair has been very unkept. I decided to try this place out since my sister had been there just for styling and had only good things to say. I was trying something that I had in the past but was always a bad experience...bangs. So I was nervous to say the least. Whitney was my Stylist and she did an amazing job, I love my color and I am in love with my bangs as well I can't get enough!!
4	ULTA is one of my favorite woman stores that I always spend too much money in. They carry everything from dermalogica to maybeline, organic products, and pretty much anything to be beautiful! I love that they have a rewards program and that they offer samples. Costumer service? Well I worked at ULTA for 6 months in Southern California and costumer service was our main goal. I don't feel that way here as I have walked through the store a few times and not received a hello the entire time in there ( honestly I don't mind because I like shopping alone but I definitely do notice the lack of interaction) I browsed through the prestige isles and was hoping someone would ask if I needed help (which I did) but not a single hello from either of the girls there. The last time I was there (yesterday) I did see that they had a door greeter and the lady who rang me up was greeting costumes as they walked in (appreciated !) I don't have a problem with ULTA, although being an avid sephora shopper they do have areas of improvement with costumer service and simply interacting with their costumes ! Turn these negative reviews around ULTA store!
5	Lydia is fantastic! She took the time to go over all my questions on skin care products and gave me lots of ideas to help with my skin problem. I wanted advice on anti aging products and noticed she had gorgeous skin. I feel so confident in all the products she steered me toward and noticed the online reviews were spot on. Ladies this is the woman to seek out if you need help. Everyone in this store are super helpful.
2	Find a different location the manager (of all people) is so rude! She was so unhelpful and I even complained to the cashier and she gave me a look like "I agree" haha... So sad when your team can't stand a store leader! Wish there was a different location, because after that encounter, I won't be going there again!!!!
5	I got my hair done at ulta and had a wonderful time! My stylist was amazing! Her name is Val, I recommend her for the life of my hair.Background info on me and my hair: I am from the Bay Area and I always had my hair done by an Asian because it always came out the way I wanted. I am really anal with my hair and need it to look a specific way. I even interviewed my stylist to make sure she can give me the quality of hair I want.Val is an amazing stylist and I love that she listened to exactly what I want, I even brought a picture of the hair style and highlight color. She walked me through with the cut length and color of highlight, then she did her magic! We had a wonderful conversation and talked about everything, she is very down to earth and easy going! It took me 4 year to find the right stylist in vegas and I found mine!! If your looking for one, Val is the lady, go and talk to her and tell her what you want, and find out yourself!
1	Last time shopping here. Never enough cashiers for the line of people trying to purchase products. Our time is just as important as this company gaining money for their products.
4	I so badly want to give this location or any Ulta location for that fact 5 stars and only because it has makeup and all this girly stuff that makes me so incredibly happy and giddy like a 5 year old, but then I would be giving it those stars for all the wrong reasons. So let me tell you why I have it listed at 4 even though It should kinda be a 3 1/2. For starters, who on earth handles their ordering? Okay I understand that YouTube gurus are the best advertisement for makeup these days but this store (and most Ultas) are empty like they have mad dashes of people daily after a new video is posted and I know that is NOT the case. Every time I go in there they are out of at least 3-4 makeup items I'm looking for and every time I attempt to come back later in the week, the stock looks exactly the same and when I go back the next week, nothing has changed. It's frustrating. I love that this location has Lancome and Clinique because not all of them do. They normally have an event going every weekend which draws in huge crowds and can create ridiculously long lines. So if you aren't into waiting and crowds I'd probably suggest shopping during a week day. I've had my hair done at this salon and the first girl who cut my hair (few years back) was amazing and I ended up following her when she left. I didn't care for the girl I had the last time (after my girl moved away)  I love that I can pick up hair product deals from time to time.Ladies listen up, if you aren't an Ulta card holder than wth are you doing? They give you points based off how much you spend and based off your points you will be able to shop certain products off of the tiers, which they send to you through the Ulta catalog. I once spent so much in one year I walked out with a whole bag full of free items, it's a pretty sweet deal and the best part! I don't really care for the security. I understand their presence but sometimes they can get very shadow like with people and it's such a turn off. Overall I love this place. It's makeup heaven.It's always my place to stop in to refill items in my kit. I can get high end and drug store in one stop. The only thing I love to hate are those damn kiosks while you wait in line, which I never buy because those little things are quite expensive for their size, but its always fun to search through. So because this is a retail location with it's unorganized and messy shelves that lacks product and sometimes the place is overly crowded and the employees can be rude, I just couldn't give it 5 stars but it should be. There are so many products you can get in here and they do have great deals and I can pretty much get anything I need (when they are stocked). I love Ulta though, nothing like a grreat haul to make this girl happy!
2	The customer service is horrible, I've been to this Ulta for years now and even though they have a turn around with different employees the customer service hasn't changed. I only keep going because its close to me and they have the best quality cotton rounds to remove makeup. The reward points used to be great but now after they changed I'm spending the same money for nothing. Also, they wouldn't carry over my old points. This store could be so much better, its in a great location and has potential but it lacks the most important feature which is customer service.
5	I had my hair done by Kim at the Salon in this Ulta.  She did a FANTASTIC job. I couldn't be more happy with the way it turned out.  I will definitely be going back to her for other services.
1	A month ago I made my first appointment for a facial with Tommy. He ended up calling out and one of the girls called to rescheduled me for the next day. I show up and check-in with a girl and proceed to wait for thirty minutes into my scheduled appointment... She then comes over and says he called out earlier that morning and the message didn't get around for them to call me before I drove all the way there. So I reschedule for another day... Which was also cancelled and rescheduled for the following week. I guess I'm pretty patient. I did receive a confirmation call for the appointment that next week, I showed up and he explained he was really sick the past week which is understandable and I didn't hold anything against him regardless of the irresponsible scheduling issue. I was really pleased with the facial, what he had to say about my skin, and the skin products and makeup he recommended. I scheduled an appointment for the following month...This morning. I never received a confirmation call and for some reason had a feeling I would show up and he not be there again, so I called them about an hour before to confirm my appointment...which is their job... After being on hold for 5 minutes she says that he had called out (AGAIN) yesterday and wouldn't be coming in. They did not call me after having 24 hour notice that he was not coming in. So if I had not done THEIR JOB and confirmed my own appointment I would have drove all the way there for Tommy not to be there AGAIN. I understand that he may have personal issues going on...I really liked him and everything he did for me and I really don't feel like he lacks professionalism at all. If only I could say the same about the girls that are "RESPONSIBLE" for booking and scheduling his appointments. What a joke.
2	Ulta is the only beauty store that is less than 15 minutes away from my house, so of course this is the place that I go to when I don't want to drive 30 minutes to the Strip. They have brands here (i.e., Lorac and Mally Beauty) that are exclusive to Ulta - which I love btw. And I love that they have a rewards card that you can sign up for! What I don't like about Ulta is their customer service, and the fact that they seem to be out of A LOT of products. I don't know why or how, but obviously that type of stuff is NOT good for business. It's really freakin' frustrating to be the only beauty store in NW Vegas and out of products. They also don't really go up to you and ask if you need help. I spent 20 minutes one time just looking for someone to help me! And when they did, all they did was talk smack about MAC Cosmetics. I don't care if you're trying to "help", but you DO NOT talk crap about other makeup brands just to get your sales up. That was unappreciated and unprofessional. Want to recommend me to a great makeup foundation or whatever? Then tell me what it is, but do NOT start talking trash about other makeup brands. There are a lot of things I don't like about Ulta, but I guess I'm just going to have to suck it up.
5	Great customer service! We went in and there was a really long line, but the cashiers were working really efficiently and doing there best with the sudden crowd when a woman came around with free perfume samples apologizing for the wait! It was greatly appreciated by everyone there.
2	I love stores like this especially that they always seem to be mailing me coupons for 20% or the $3.50  off purchase,  but geez.  The testers are always used up ,missing or completely violated. Customer service doesn't seem to be a priority either.  It's 8:35pm  ( I realize they close soon ) but I'm standing in line and there's four cashiers all gossiping about whatever and one lone guy cashier trying to cover the line. The only one in the store that seems to be always on top of his game is the security guard that's always friendly and helpful!
1	The closest beauty store to my house but not a place I enjoy shopping at and won't be going back to. The few times I have shopped there I am reminded why I don't want to come back. You don't really get a sense of an enjoyable shopping experience when security is roaming around and employees are too busy applying their own lipstick or chatting with themselves looking to busy to be bothered. The store is always out of what I need, mainly smash box foundation. The employees don't seem to be knowledgeable with matching and products and are never offering to help me, I always have to ask one of them for help. Each time I shop there, the line to checkout is always ridiculously long with only two or three sales people ringing up customers. I usually wait at least fifteen minutes to find out my coupon never applies to my products. I decided that having an Ulta card is completely pointless and have since thrown away. Try your makeup luck elsewhere.
1	If I could give zero or even negative stars for Corinne at the Benefit Brow Bar, I would. I had been going to Valerie at the Silverado location, but today I went to Corinne here at North Rainbow. BIG MISTAKE! I went because I had a lunch break at work and my brows needed to be waxed. I didn't realize I already had an appointment with Valerie tomorrow. I thought it was next week - coincidentally she left a message while I was getting the worst wax of my life. I will never return to Corinne again.I got there a little after 12:00 PM, and I was told that the Benefit employee was supposed to be there already. I waited about 10 minutes, and Corinne finally arrived. She told me to wait in the chair because she had to finish her own makeup. She said she dropped her Gimme Brow in the car and couldn't find it. She seemed very upset by this, and she said it was her favorite product. She said one of her brows was unfinished. She looked fine to me. She used the Gimme Brow sampler without using a new applicator (she used the one on the sampler). She told me she was late because she had to take her boyfriend to work as his own car was in the shop. Then she got the waxing stuff set up. She appeared to be moving in slow motion, slowly grabbing wooden sticks and cotton-tipped applicators from the storage container. It took her about three attempts to get the wooden sticks out of the container (they weren't packed tightly or anything). It seemed a little off, but I figured she was in no rush as she was apparently late for work. Hindsight is 20/20, and I am now actually worried she was under the influence while performing my service.I told Corinne that I had been growing my eyebrows for the past 4-5 months, and that Valerie said they had been growing in nicely. I complimented Corinne on her own eyebrows and thought I was in good hands (since I liked her own eyebrows a lot). She never asked me to sign a liability waver, which I recall signing with Valerie every time.As she waxed my eyebrows, she kept saying that "everything I do has a purpose" and "don't touch your eyebrows between waxes." She said she was "starting from scratch," which gave me pause because I have been going to Valerie for 4-5 months. If I have that much regrowth, why is Corinne making such a big deal out of it? I felt like she was lecturing me about how to maintain my eyebrows. I told her multiple times that I don't do any tweezing between visits, and that I have even bumped up my appointments in the past to accommodate fast growth.Corinne seemed inexperienced, as her motions were not very fluid. She was very rough with every touch, even when just simply cleaning. It hurt. However, if it looked good in the end, I was willing to deal with some roughness. After all, waxing isn't exactly a pleasurable thing. Unfortunately, my brows look terrible.Towards the end, I mentioned I had a scar on the right eyebrow. It has never affected the outcome, and I thought it was irrelevant since I was growing out my brows. The scar is only visible when my brows are thinner, and even then it doesn't look bad. Corinne then scolded me and said "you really need to be telling people that because I could have really messed things up." She then told be about a woman with bushy eyebrows and a big, noticeable scar. She lectured me for about 5 minutes. As a professional, she should ask that information if it is THAT important. Again, I didn't volunteer this information because the goal is to be GROWING my brows, not making them thinner. This is when I really got the impression that she is young, immature, and inexperienced. Nevertheless, I know there are some high school students out there that tweeze their own eyebrows to perfection. All I cared about was the end result.She did at least put on some eyebrow products to make them presentable, but that really would not have been necessary if she had done what I asked in the first place. She used the Gimme Brow sampler on me, which she had previously used on herself.I paid $20 for the service and left a $5 tip (even when I receive bad service, I have a hard time not leaving a tip), but I was not able to fully evaluate just how bad things were until I got home and removed all of the product she put on my skin and brows. I HAVE NEVER HAD BROWS THIS THIN. I have had some unsatisfactory wax jobs over the last decade, but this is by far the worse. My brows are also uneven. She took an unbelievable amount of hair, approximately 40%! I have pictures that I just took; it is just unbelievable how much hair she removed.I have never been so dissatisfied with a service before, and this is my first Yelp review.
2	I actually really like this Ulta location - the people are always super friendly, it's not crazy busy, even on the weekends, and it's close to home. But after having two of the worst brow waxing experiences of my life at this ulta location, I can't in good conscience return and the 2 star rating is more than deserved.I recently moved to Vegas from Chicago where I was spoiled with the BEST brow waxers, ever!! So when I came to town, I started looking around for somewhere to make my new brow home. I came into this location by chance a few months back and decided to give their Benefit brow a try. My first wax was perfection - cleaned up my arches but left my healthy, full brows in tact. I was sold. I got the girl's card but sadly lost it before making another appointment. So the next time, I called and tried to figure out who I had gotten the wax from last time. After talking to someone there, they said that the girl I was describing sounded like Corinne. So I made an appointment with her and made my way back in. But it was NOT Corinne and my wax was so bizarre I don't even know how to describe it. First of all, she spent a lot of time during my appointment checking out her own makeup in the mirror. It was so awkward. She was also a good 10-15 minutes behind schedule and seemed totally unconcerned about it. That might not be a big deal for her but when you have to call to schedule these appointments a day or two (at least) in advance, a little professional courtesy should be extended to try to keep appointments on track. But the worst part (obviously) was the wax itself. She didn't mess with the arch too much (which I appreciated) but she overly waxed the top of the brow, making them too thin on top and giving me an odd, constantly frustrated look. And she didn't seem concerned at all when I didn't look too happy....So after a few weeks of letting them grow and cleaning them up at home by tweezers, I decided to give this location one more try with someone else. I called today to make an appointment and apparently there was nobody at the benefit bar. The girl apologized, kinda (although she really should have apologized for putting me on hold for at least 10 mins for someone she knew wasn't there) and then suggested I get my brows done in the salon - I believe by Frank. She assured me he was very good and booked me for an hour later. Once again, I was super disappointed. Frank (I think that's his name) was super nice but clearly did not know what he was doing. He took a good 10-15 minutes nervously tracing out my eyebrows in peach marker and repeatedly asking me if I was ok with what he planned to do. I suppose I should have gotten up right then and there and walked out but despite his obvious lack of experience, what he traced out seemed fine - there wasn't much that was supposed to be waxed off - so I went ahead and let him wax away. After he was done, he handed me the mirror and asked if there was anything he should fix (apparently brow waxing was either that novel to him or he knew he screwed up) and I couldn't even respond...my brows are the thinnest they have EVER been. There is almost no arch. They look like a thin line, almost straight across, not the archy, natural brows I have spent years perfecting. Yet somehow I feel like the blame is not all his here. Whoever is answering the phones at this Ulta and handing out brow advice should be subjected to a wax by everyone they are recommending because something tells me they wouldn't be so eager to recommend people like Corinne and Frank again. Long story short: my brows are ruined. It's going to take months to regrow my gorgeous brows and there is no way I'm ever risking return again.
5	David really helped me with my return and suggested me with a much better product im really happy with...It was pretty busy for a Wednesday at 8pm I can't believe he was at the register all alone while another lady kept turning around to see line but shuffled papers.  Thank you David!
5	David really helped me with my return and suggested me with a much better product im really happy with...It was pretty busy for a Wednesday at 8pm I can't believe he was at the register all alone while another lady kept turning around to see line but shuffled papers.  Thank you David! :)
4	I feel terrible reading these reviews saying Ulta has bad customer service because for someone who goes there often, I have never encountered that. I've gone there with full-on makeup and fancy hair as well as my Rosacea bare face and the crazy high lazy bun and customer service has always been decent. I usually shop at Target for any skin care or cosmetic products since I'm  not a high-end gal but when I do feel the need to get some other products I end up at Ulta. Of course, I also like Sephora but it doesn't make me anti-Ulta. Lines could get long but what store doesn't have that. There are some good sales sometimes and I do enjoy looking at the catalog as if it's a fancy magazine. I've also gotten a haircut at the salon. It was my first time and I actually had a pleasant experience. I booked online and it was a breeze! I randomly chose Whitney and I'm happy with my decision. She wasn't overly chatty to the point where I questioned if she was focusing on my hair (I've had a lot of those) and she really cut my hair exactly like the pictures I showed her. She even gave me tips to style my hair in the morning when I'm in a rush since that was my main concern. I chopped my hair off and I wasn't nervous at all. I felt an ease with her and I cut a good 5ish inches.Overall, I really have nothing bad to say about Ulta. It's a large store with everything and anything in regards to skincare, cosmetics and more. Hopefully I didn't just jinx myself and encounter bad customer service on my next visit. That would be a game changer. Haha.
5	Needed a gift card, the place was swamped on Xmax eve, and the gift card person was on break, and no one else in the store could operate the gift card machine.  Why?  Probably for security reasons, but just my luck, we land there rite as its the persons break time. So, we were gonna just leave and I was going to let you all know that on Xmas eve, Ulta only has 1 person operating the gift card machine.  And when that person is on break, and you want a $100 gift card, you will have to wait.  Unless you run into Charles.  We told him our situation.  He has the charisma and the cool to make things happen and we were on our way in 3 minutes.  I'd like to apologize for interrupting the persons break, and I'd like to thank Charles for his help.  We will be back!!!
