5	my husband had a spa finder gift certificate and went here. it was clean, people were friendly and professional. the massage he got was from Cherise and she was phenomenal.
5	well my husband got a haircut from linda for $10 and they are running a special for massages, 4 massages for $144 so thats $36 dollars per massage and you can use them for hubby and friends. great deal!!!!
1	I bought some extensions today and one of the stylist gave me a lesson on how to put the extensions in...or was supposed to. It was extremely uncomfortable because there was another stylist constantly looking over her shoulder. It took forever to place the clip in extensions. Finally they trimmed them up for me and let hair fall all over me because no one thought to offer me an apron until stylist number 2 was halfway finished trimming the extensions. Sales guy made it seem the extensions came with a free lesson on how to clip them in. I was surprised when I was walked up to the counter and told I owe them $65. I guess the heartbreaking thing is I could have gone to Arcs (my go to salon) and have them perform the same services for less and in a more professional manner. I'll never go back. Especially after they trimmed the front of my real hair and  totally ruined my cut.
4	Natalie did my hair for my wedding- she did an AMAZING JOB.  While the service by the hostesses at the front was somewhat lacking- my stylist Natalie made up for it.  The hostesses kept calling back to let my stylist know her next appointment was there.  But I was early.  They complained when she didn't imediately answer the call.  I was thinking she was probably shampooing someone's hair or something.  They repeated the same procedure for 3 additional appointments that showed up after me. They complained to each other- where is everybody?  I wondered why they didn't just walk back to the stylists chair instead of calling over and over and complaining in front of customers.Not suprisingly, my stylist Natalie appeared at the front right on the hour of my appointment-right on time.  Natalie had been recommeded to me by my stylist in Los Angeles.  She had never done my hair, but understood exactly what I wanted and my hair was PERFECT for my wedding.  SO SO Salon- but 5 star stylist!!!!!
5	Im not fond of Vegas (lots of bad luck here), but one of the reasons Im really sad to leave is I have met the best hair stylist I have ever had (besides my mommy). And as an African-American chick living in Henderson, it was also hard to find someone to deal with my mess of hair. I was referred to Gladys by a co-worker when I first moved here last year. I dont trust anyone with my hair. She helped my figure out what works for my hair. She's such a sweet woman who knows what she's doing. I always get a relaxer, trim and flat iron on my crazy, thick hair. I have NEVER left Glady's chair hating my hair. I wish I can put her in my suitcase and take her with me :_( Everyone else in the salon is really nice, but I cant speak on any of the other services. Sorry.
5	Excellent hair dresser by the name of yogi definitely would do a great job with color on your hair.
4	I went to this place for a men's haircut after I couldn't get an appt at Ritual (basically next door).  I probably should have been going here all along.  The salon area isn't decorated as nicely as ritual but the haircut was great, the shampoo/massage was great and the price was 25% less than Ritual.  I only really knock it for the decor being a step below their competition.  Otherwise I was a big fan.
4	I had purchased a package plan on Groupon for a 60 minute Swedish massage, 55 minute facial, manicure, and pedicure. I had a mixed experience from beginning to end. The front desk attendant that greeted me was friendly and made small talk as I was walking to the waiting area. She was professional and warm, addressing me by name, which gave me the impression that this was going to be an amazing experience.The massage was first on today's agenda. My masseuse came storming in to the waiting area frazzled and in street clothes. Makes me think she was running a little late. I was quickly ushered into the room to get ready. Once we were settled, she was straight to the point and got the job done. I appreciated her asking about my preference in pressure. I asked for as much as she could provide. She complied and worked wonders. I did not come out as sore as a deep tissue, but enough to have me dozing off in bliss.Within five minutes of finishing the massage, the esthetician came to retrieve me. For some reason, I felt like I was impeding on her time. Once I was in, she was rushing through prep which created quite a bit of noise. Normally, these experience should lull you into a state of calm, but I was on edge most of the time. She could sense it when giving me an arm massage because I was locking up. She became more friendly from then on.I finished my trip to the spa off on a wonderful note. Phyllis is a true delight. My friends manicurist and her were a hoot to talk to. They worked quickly without the feeling of being rushed out. Nothing was off limits. By the end I came out really enjoying my experience and have a few suggestions on where to go get some soul food. WIN!
2	I typically don't write bad reviews, but my experience really left a bad taste. I visited this spa thanks to a Groupon deal, purchasing a dual service coupon. I chose the hour massage & hour facial. Checking in seemed ok. The massage therapist they scheduled me with was on his first day and they gave him a room that looked like their backup massage room they use for storage. My therapist had to hunt down an alarm clock beforehand to play a local radio station because he felt bad the room had no music & silence isn't relaxing. And there was a floor fan blowing through my session, too. He wasn't bad, but I was very disappointed with the salon's ambience, I felt like I got the leftovers.After my massage, I was directed to the esthetician for my facial. She decided not to have me change into a terry robe, insisting I'll just get hot during the session since steam is used. (strange, since I've never had a facial where you didn't change so that they had adequate access to your face, neck & shoulders). Alas, she proceeded with the session, talking the entire time. I have adult acne & have struggled with it since I was 10, but I have controlled it to the best of my ability without monthly facials. She proceeded to list theories to my skin condition ranging from I'm not treating it (I advised her what she's seeing is due to a treatment regimen) to I eat a lot of dairy foods (I advised I'm lactose intolerant) and finally resting on the theory that I just need to start seeing her regularly or my face will not improve. She also seemed miffed I wouldn't let her perform extractions (pop a zit wrong, and I'm permanently scarred...from experience, I have my reasons). She laid the the mask on my face & left the room for 10-15 mins. No arm/shoulder massage. And she tried to sell me their $50 cleaners & toners. Have a nice day! I tipped them both 20%, but honestly I've had better service at the local student massage/beauty schools, and at significantly better pricing, too. Thank goodness I didn't pay their full menu prices, I would've been furious.
5	I absolutely love this salon.  I started getting my hair done there about a year ago and I am very happy with it.  Andrea is my stylist and she does a great job every time.  It helps that they sell all of the best hair products there at the best price I have found to date.
2	I wasn't too impressed with Canyon Falls. I originally booked a facial and massage and then later was called back by Canyon Falls needing to reschedule me to a later time. I couldn't do the later time so I only did the massage. I arrived about 15 minutes early, but Canyon Falls was running behind and I wasn't seen until about 25 minutes after my scheduled time. To be honest, the massage was one of the worst I have ever had. It was suppose to be a Swedish massage, but it was far from it. The room was freezing cold and the light sheet was hardly enough to keep warm under. The massage was cut short by about 10 minutes. Even though I was cold and did not fully enjoy the massage, I found it odd to have the massage cut short like that. Seriously, it was one of the oddest spa experiences I have had.
4	I love this place everyone is so friendly and Gladys is even more amazing. Im never going anywhere else as long as Gladys is there :)
1	Very rude, unprofessional,
2	I purchased the Groupon deal with the massage, facial, manicure & pedicure.  The spa / salon is not as relaxing and lush as many others I've been to, but it was comfortable.  My review of the whole experience is mixed and I'm not sure worth a second visit -- maybe for a massage . . . . ?My massage therapist did a great job -- her name was Anastasia -- pressure was perfect, she was extremely professional, did not say too much (which is how I like it!), but really targeted the areas I asked her to focus on.  I was a little nervous as she is not my usual therapist, but I was definitely pleasantly surprised!My facial was ho-hum.  I've had better . . . the esthetician was ok, nothing worth writing about and nothing extremely negative.  Other than I did get a lecture on the way I care for my face, but that's fine.  It works for me. Now, the mani / pedi -- that I would not return for, whether free or discounted!  Their pedi room has two, VERY LOUD chairs that do not massage correctly.  The tech I had (I'd rather not mention names), does not use clippers, but filed my nails to where SHE thought they should be.  She was very chatty almost like I was being interviewed however, I do these types of things to relax.  The polish looks fine, but I didn't get the usual leg massage and really, could've gotten so much more at my neighborhood, strip mall, nail joint. The gel manicure -- whew -- AVOID at all costs.  I upgraded mine to a gel mani which I learned they had been doing for A WEEK at this salon.  They are "still trying out different ways" to see what works best.  Their gel selection is literally 15 colors and they hide their polishes in a cardboard box because they "have feet" as I was told.  Which is why the color I picked out first was missing. :p  My tech was EXTREMELY slow, did the thumbs separate which I've never heard of and my two hands are different shades of the color I selected!!  The UV heater only allows for one hand at a time because the bigger ones "are $300-400 and the salon would never buy those!" . . . it took a painful 2 hrs for a gel manicure.  And my nails weren't clipped nor were my cuticles trimmed.  Though I did get some filing done!  I am planning to have them redone by my usual tech!!  What a disaster.  Sorry this is so long -- I truly wanted this to be a great experience or I would've never purchased the Groupon.  Not the case . . . aside from my massage -- I did enjoy that!
1	First of all let me start by saying I spent 900$ on an extension application done by Andrea and I feel it was a complete robbery and the salon did not stand behind their stylist and even try to fix it or mend our clearly broken relationship after spending 900$.  They made me feel as if 900$ was insignificant and my buisness and satisfaction meant nothing to them.  First of all the hair was over priced.  It comes from the hair shop in LA which you can order directly for almost 60$ cheaper per package along with free shipping, even overnight which of course they do not disclose to you.  The hair was keratip, and applied very very poorly.  There was about a half inch left between my scalp and the newly applied extensions, comparable to a month of growing out from past applications.  There was absolutely no order or technique, they were just placed sporadically including in my hair line which if you have ever worn extensions before you know it should be about two fingers away from your hairline all the way around to avoid seeing the bonds as well as extreme discomfort, breakage, and sores from the extremely tender area.  The hair was attached to pieces of my own hair too insignificant to carry the weight of the artificial hair and I lost somewhere between 10-15 bonds within two days with all my hair attatched to it.  These are mistakes someone who isn't trained in hair extensions would make, however Andrea not only claims to have been doing this for 15 plus years, she teaches the master extension stylist certification class to future extension stylist.  I don't even understand why she has a job at all.  I find it hard to believe she has not had other complaints because upon my first return to remove the bonds out of my hairline I saw a stylist named Jessica who was extremely pleasant and seemed much more skilled at this particular aspect of her job then Andrea informed me that she fixes a lot of Andreas messes and doesn't understand why she isn't given the client in the first place so it could be done right the first time.  She removed many uncomfortable bonds and apologized.  I went home, but it didn't stop all the breakage from the pieces that were attatched to insignificant amounts of hair.  Three days later I removed all the hair to prevent further damage to my natural hair which will take years to grow out from the scalp.  Beware!!!!!! DO NOT GET HAIR OR EXTENSIONS done by Andrea.  Also order the hair from hairpiece.com direct from the vendor and save lots of money.  Canyon falls is a RIP OFF
5	Had a mani/pedi from Renee - what a treat!  She did a beautiful job on my nails - they are the perfect length and, unlike most, didn't hack into my cuticles (finally!).  I am so pleased with the manicure and just as pleased with the pedicure.  She made sure I was comfortable and, again unlike most, checked the water herself before asking me to dunk my feet.  I was impressed that she, and yet again unlike most others, cleaned the tub IN MY PRESENCE so I was absolutely without a doubt certain it was done.  She knew just where I needed it to be gentle as well as where I required more pressure.  I am very pleased to have such a personable, sensitive and experienced mani/pedi gal!  What fun!  Wish my nails would grow back faster so I can return!  Thanks for a delightful morning!
5	Have been going to Renee for years and she has always done a great job. Read through some of he comments and part of the problem is that so many people are getting services that are being performed incorrectly at other shops! They use incorrect product and procedures! You are not suppose to cut cuticles! And why aren't you concerned that people that work at other shops wear mask and gloves but do not give them to the client to wear?  Will continue to get mani/ pedis from Renee she does a great job!
4	This 4 star rating is for my massage therapist; Amanda. She is excellent.I got a groupon for a choice of a massage or facial. A couple of months ago tried to use it, had appointment for a facial at 9am. Got there 10 minutes before 9. The place is nice and clean. at 9:10 I was notified that the esthetician got a flat tire and will be there at 9:30. Really? I left, couldn't wait, I had to work.Today I came back to use my coupon. Receptionist was friendly, Amanda picked me up on time. She asked about my concern or any problem area. She checked on the pressure and when she needed to add more pressure on certain area, she asked first if it would o.k to do so. She was nice but not chatty throughout the session, I really like that. If you come for a massage, asked for her..you won't be dissapointed!Now it's time to check out! There were a man and a women at the reception desk (not the same person who checked me in). The women took my groupon and processed it. I asked for an envelope for my tip from the guy and gave it back to him. The women told him that all o.k and now he can checked me out. They guy was like a robot, he said "you had a 50 minutes swedish massage your total is $75" the girls told him "she was o.k, she paid with groupon" the he said "oh, sorry. would you like to leave tip for your therapist?" the women had to tell him again "she just did. she gave you a cash tip". Now they both apologized.He was right here the whole time, he just didn't pay attention.
1	I had a groupon given to me for a massage/facial/mani/pedi.  It was a very well priced groupon, but cheap doesn't make up for terrible terrible unprofessional care.  My best friend and roommate is an esthetician, so I have had a lot of facials.  The esthetician here was clueless, she had no skill, I had to ask on my way out if she was licensed!  The room was freezing, her hands were freezing, she had no technique.  She left the room for like 15 minutes while the mask was on.  I would never go back here.
5	I had a fantastic experience. I highly recommend CHRIS to give you a massage there. OMG- he got all the kinks and tightness out and was one of the best experiences of my life!
4	This is the one any only place I go and get my extensions tighten! Canyon Falls has multiple location but I like this one the best because its right  next door to my regular nail salon & the girl who does my hair is awesome! I always go to JESSICA.
5	My favorite hairstylist is Rachel. Whether it's hair extensions, dying it various colors, cut or styling, she can do anything.
4	I got a deal on groupon and made a midday appointment with Chris. Arrived a little early and was asked to wait in waiting area. Saw no one til 12;20... then someone asked why I was sitting waiting! 5 mins later, Chris appeared and apologized... OK fair enough, it happens. The massage was 10 out 10. Very good. What I really needed. Well done Chris. Went to settle bill/groupon and the lady said, keep it and use it again, we are 'comping' you because of the wait! First class customer service and great massage. Looking forward to going back to redeem the groupon!
4	Went to get a facial this past Saturday (07/05).  It was my first time at this place and I had the pleasure to meet Eliane who was my Skin Care Specialist.  The last facial I had was 2 yrs ago, so you can imagine I was in dire need of one right away. This was my first time here and Eliane was very pleasant and knowledgeable with her work.  So if you need a facial I highly recommend you make an appt with Eliane.  Great place, with great staff and I definitely will be returning to this place.
5	Used a Groupon while visiting Las Vegas. I saw from other yelp reviews to ask for Chris for a massage and they were right! He is an expert in his field. Although I didn't mention a knee and IT band issue from running, he found it and worked it out. His massage was almost physical therapy for my aching muscles. His use of peppermint and tangerine oils while I was laying face down kept my sinuses from getting stuffy. He does a wonderful, relaxing massage. I felt rejuvenated afterward. I will definitely visit Chris again during my next visit to Las Vegas.
1	NOTICE TO ALL HAIRSTYLIST THAT BUY HAIR FROM CANYON FALLS HAIR STORE! YOU CAN PURCHASE MOST ALL THE PRODUCTS THEY SELL FROM BELLADONNAHAIREXTENSIONS.COM FOR HALF THE PRICE!!  I went to the Eastern location and purchased what I thought was an 18 inch wavy weft for a client. When the sales girl handed me the hair it was straight so I asked the salesgirl named Marry, " Is this wavy hair?" and she said "Yes, they package it straight but when you wet it it is wavy." So I trusted her as I know some hair extension companies do this to make the installation process easier. So I went on my merry way spent 3 hours installing the hair. And guess what? when my client washed it a few days later it was still straight as a board! I IMMEDIATELY called Canyon Falls and asked what went wrong They looked up my order and said I was actually sold a silky straight weft. And that there was nothing they could do it must have been a miss communication on my part. So now I have to eat the cost of the $200.00 weft I bought and my time, because the silky straight does not match my clients wavy hair. It turned out to be a blessing because I found everything they sell on the internet for half, Yes half the price! Most of which was on a site called belladonnahairextensions.com. So happy I  never have to step foot in this place again!
1	DONNABELLAHAIREXTENSIONS.COMSELLS NEARLY ALL THE SAME BRANDS AS CAYON FALLS BUT FOR 1/2 THE PRICE!!!!!!!!!!                           Kimberly A., You are correct the hair did not wave like I expected it to. That is because I asked Mary to sell me wavy hair. And she told me it was. I could not find any writing on the packaging specifying wether the hair I purchased was wavy or straight so I trusted in your store manager that she was telling me the truth. No customer can walk into your store and walk behind the counter and pick out the hair they would like to purchase. They have to ask for help and one of your store "managers" gets it for them. But yet when I call and ask why the wavy hair I thought I purchased was straight they tell me I must not have properly communicated what type of hair I wanted, and to come in and spend another couple hundred dollars. Superb customer service! In the future it might help to improve your return business if you could properly train your "store managers" to know the difference between silky straight hair and body wave hair.
4	This place is wonderful, and they really give Groupon buyers the star treatment.
5	I bought a groupon for myself and my daughter mani/pedi. From the moment we arrived they treated us wonderful. Very conscious of gentleness with feet and hands. Loved it! My husband came along and they had a room for him to sit in and relax. Would definitely recommend them!
5	Bought a groupon and lucked out in getting Chris as my therapist (definitely would have requested him had I read the previous reviews sooner)! In any case, I must say that he really is good at what he does. The aromatherapy is a big plus too! I will definitely be back!
3	My daughter had a trim and style with Camilla and she was great. With all of her years of experience she can still make a 19 year-old girl very content. She curled and styled her hair as well. We did make an appointment that was messed up by front staff but I won't hold that against Camille.
3	I got a horrible massage here.  The therapist called me back 25 minutes late with no apology.  Then he gave me the worst massage ever and did a creepy move where he sat on the table and put my foot on his shoulder.  Heard employees complaining while I was waiting and found it to be unprofessional.   But then I also got a fabulous facial which made up for the bad massage.  East Meets West Massage now rents a room at this location and they do fabulous massages.
5	I HIGHLY recommend Andrea Nanetashvily  for all things hair related! I have been going to her for about 2 1/2 years now and have had extensions, color, cuts etc. Unlike other stylists, my hair was in AMAZING shape after removing my extensions- no damage at all. I also like my hair light blonde, which means bleach, which can be terribly damaging... Not with Andrea! I do my part by taking care of my hair/extensions with the right products, but I have never had such healthy hair, despite bleach and extensions. Other great things are she is fairly priced and will not rip you off (beware of a lot of extension people out there- many charge top dollar for cheap hair, substandard skills, and can damage your hair terribly) and she is very responsible... Always on time, warm, friendly and professional. My only complaint is that I can only give her 5 stars... She deserves 10!!!!
4	I got a groupon as a gift for this place for one spa service so I chose to do the massage. Called to make an appointment and they were pretty booked up which meant they were that good or they were short staffed. Based on my experience I'm going to assume it's because they are pretty darn good.I haven't had much experience getting massages, but I know what feels good and what doesn't. This massage was great. It was just the basic all over body massage which is just what I needed. My masseuse was Kathy (I think ... Sorry!!) who was very friendly and had great technique. Very professional and made me feel comfortable. I was so relaxed that I fell asleep.The receptionist when I walked in was nice. She greeted me when I came in and brought me right back to the relaxation area or something like that. A couple minutes later my masseuse came. When I was checking out the girls in the front weren't as welcoming. I felt a little awkward, but other than that it was an overall good experience.
1	HORRIBLE customer service! I called to make an appointment and was told by the manager (Cherice) at the first number I called that they would honor my groupon for 2 different people (my husband and myself) to get massages, instead of buying another groupon. She couldn't fit me in though, so I was told to call another location. The other location didn't have any availability either, but she told me their third location would definitely. I called them (702-570-6587) and told her what the manager had told me about honoring the groupon. She told me she would call and check. She called back and told me the manager NEVER said that, and that they wouldn't honor my groupon. I called the manager back, and she verified what she had told me, and told me that she hadn't spoken with anyone about it. I called Lauren back, and she verified that Cherice is the one she spoke to. I WILL not ever use this salon. They call customers liars and can't get their story straight. Horrible customer service.EDIT 9/6/13 - the manager did respond to my review, and has apologized, but I still stand behind my review. Lauren may not have use the word 'liar', but she did insinuate that I was lying, and flat out lied to me twice.
5	I went to Canyon falls spa at the recommendation of my sister. Spa is in a busy area but once inside it's pretty relaxed. Receptionist was polite and directed me to their "relaxation room" to wait for my esthetician. I saw Luisa to get a facial and she is awesome! She took her time and I never felt rushed. I could tell she has lots of experience - she gave me the best facial I have ever received! I have always had problems with my skin and had been looking for someone who actually listened to my concerns and had helpful advice. I will definitely be returning to see her
2	This review is only in regards to the store portion as I haven't had my hair professional styled or treated here. I have been doing extensions on myself as well as others for 5 years so I have a fair bit of knowledge of hair quality and proper treatment. That being said I have bought hair three times from here twice clips and once track. All three times the hair has been ruined within 2 months. It's all claiming to be remi, but this shouldn't be happening. The last time I was in I needed last min clips for a wedding but at the rate they charge I expected a good amount of use after as well. I told the girl how bad the last set was when she tried to sell me the first brand so she directed me to a pricier pack...I was hesitant being the first set hardly held up a month but she discounted it so I tried...I'm two months in and again! It's tangling and breaking.  I won't be returning for any other packs nor trying the salon if this is the quality it represents.
4	This review is for the store not the salon/spa area. I purchased extensions for my wedding day to add volume not length as my hair was already longer than the options provided. I paid $205 for clip in extensions the gentleman who helped answer my questions and chose the correct color and length for me. I don't know if I will use them again but everyone thought it was my hair and it felt just like my hair too. I wanted a blow out the following day but couldn't make it to my appt hopefully I can as the search is still on for a decent blow out in Las Vegas.
3	went for a man-pedi plus a facial . The mani-pedi was pretty great , and my facial was just as nice, so I would definitely return. My friends did the groupon with me for my birthday and I was so worried we would be treated differently than the full paying clients.  My only complaint is that the pedicure area only fits two people at a time.
2	I purchased a groupon for my boyfriend and I for a massage and it was quite the experience. The Spa is just run down and not the cleanest and loud and not relaxing. When it was my turn for my massage I told the therapist what I needed to be worked on and he didn't do any of it. He didn't once touch my neck or shoulders which I asked him to work on. It was the strangest massage I have ever had. I know that everyone has their own techniques, but he only used his elbows the whole time - just bizarre. My boyfriend's massage was good, but he was VERY sore the next few days which is not always normal. I only paid $39 for the groupon but definitely was not even worth that. I would not recommend this place.
1	If I can give 0 stars I would. The staff in the extension portion is beyond rude and I'll buy hair from Nicole extensions on Maryland parkway from now on. Unreal. Apparently I am not the first person with this problem. Oh and it's not the lake mead location. They are great. It's the eastern location that sucks.
1	A friend told me that this salon has $5 kids cuts. I called to confirm and spoke with Valerie after placing me on hold to find out how much they were she said they are between $5-$10 depending on the day. I said okay... How much are they today (Wednesday)? Said she wasn't sure.. Between $5-$10. Thanks for all the help... Not.
1	Dirty dump. My hairdresser moved to the shop on Eastern. I was always satisfied with her. However, I tried other services such as waxing (bikini & brows), massage and mani/pedis. These services are hit and miss. The short guy, owner(?), is a nasty little man. Tries to blame customers for his operators substandard work. I understand his parents put him in biz. He behaves like a spoiled rich kid.. Too many nicer spas in the area to be bothered with this dump. Wish Yelp made negative stars an option.
2	I was torn about reviewing this place.  It is not disgusting, but just not great. It also greatly depends on people's prior experiences, budget and taste.  I have been twice.  Once many years ago with a package deal and recently with a groupon.  For a budgeted person, this is probably a decent place.  It has issues, but is not five star.   It was a "fine" experience, it is mediocre with lots of small issues that just add up.  I do feel good from my massage, but the bathroom condition was horrible, while it was clean.  Everything was broken...water handle, no purse hook, one stall was closed.  The tables were wood or metal and hard.  I have never had a facial without the steamer on my face. I liked the facialist more than the masseuse, but think her facial was probably very limited.  She did not do many, many things that pretty much everyone does.  And the towels were cold and drippy.   My experience was fine, but just had small issues....also the masseuse asked not once, twice, but three times for different upgrades....beyond tacky and I know you made her do it.  I had by this time bought, paid for and booked my preference.  I actually prefer a full service spa, but realize there are different grades of places.  FYI, to others, ask if they have a hot tub/steam room if you want to know if a new place is a full service spa or just a monthly budget massage place.   Oh, and I know it cannot be helped but the masseuse was overweight and when she bent over her stomach kept brushing me.  She was not extremely obese, but it was distracting and made me uncomfortable.  But she actually had skills and I do feel destressed from her massage.  The facialist was a sweet woman, but her skills were just not there.  Now the last time many years ago, I chalked up to time and management.  I also booked an advertised package of haircut, manicure and massage.  I remember thinking that it was very loud and that is not relaxing when getting a massage.  Staff talking and gossiping.  Again, I only mostly go to high end spas.  But then the manicurist just doesn't show up and they don't have another and he tells me I can come back another day.  I don't live extremely close to just come back for a manicure.  And I remember that it was nearly an hour in the haircut chair and the girl literally put her finger to her face and said a puzzling "hmm".  She had no clue how to cut hair and got lost in the layering of a simple haircut.  She just kept snipping one strand of hair until I just got up and said I have to go.  Again, this is not my typical place, but did decide to get a budget massage and at least that was better than normal.  I have went to the monthly places and they rub lotion on you and send you home.  But I have never gotten up out of a hair cut chair before and walked out.  Nor that they just don't have staff for a booked reservation. This place is the toss of the dice for a person on a budget I guess.  They do keep running package promos because it seems they cannot build a client base or regular staff.
1	I have been going to this place for extensions for years. always got great hair and great service. in February I purchased a pack of hair and within 2 weeks more than 50% of the hair had broken off. I didn't dye it or treat it at all. it would get so ratted up that i would have to brush it out constantly (like every ten minutes) and so much hair would fall out while I was untangling it. I went in and the girls assessed the situation and agreed that my 18" extensions should NOT break off to 14" within two weeks. they told me they would send the hair back for a refund. I called and called and stopped in numerous time and got the runaround every single time. it is now august and I've just given up. $300 down the drain. I understand things happen but you have to stand behind your product and if something is off you need a solution. I will NEVER return to this place.
5	Had a fabulous experience today with Adam, he was extremely helpful in choosing out the right hair color extension for me.  The stylist who installed my hair was very experience and professional.  She gave me exactly what I was looking for and educated me on maintenance and home care.  Will be back again soon.
1	BUYER BEWARE! The lady at the Eastern location selling hair is the absolute rudest. I went to buy hair for extensions and she was so busy texting that she told me to hang on.  Then she sold me the wrong  products and when I went to return it she was so rude she said "sorry we don't accept refunds" and turned her back  and started talking to her friend as though I didn't exist.  I will NEVER step foot in that door!!!
3	Had a $50 Spafinder gift card so I got a spa pedicure. The lady was very nice but the massage chair didn't work (she told me to let the front desk know to tell the owner) and there were flies buzzing around. Also they didn't have any magazines so you either talk to the lady or stare at the wall. They had a sign that said 20% off spa services for locals Mon-Fri but apparently a spa pedicure isn't a spa service... They should think about reducing their price by half.
5	I am leaving this review for the massage therapist Joseph who gave me a wonderful massage earlier today. He is very professional and not chatty so I felt relaxed. His pressure was perfect and he did checked in with me during the session. The table was slightly heated which I highly appreciated because I get cold very easily. The actual spa is like a 4 star for me because the walls are so thin that I was listening to the salon girls conversation for a while and the room did not have a designated chair to put my things down so I ended up just placing everything in the corner shelving area. Again the massage was outstanding. Thank you!
3	I had a terrible hair cut and decided on getting extensions again. I came here to purchase some hair. I knew they were a bit more expensive than other places but usually you get what you pay for. Not the case here. My hair was dry and brittle.  After about 5 days thr hair started breaking rapidly.  There of course are no refinds. I'm very disappointed in the over priced poor quality hair they sell here.
5	Debra Weite is amazing! She did a great job turning my hair from black to dark purple. My hair looks so healthy and beautiful. I would recommend her to anyone looking to get a cut, color or extensions. I am used to going to people for color and my hair ends up damaged from the dye but with Debra she has so much knowledge she makes your hair gorgeous and gives you the look you want with out damages to your hair.
4	After a not so satisfactory experience at this salon, I contacted the manager, Jill, to see what she might be able to do for me. Well, she went above and beyond to turn my experience around. She offered for me to come back in for a massage with one of their best therapists, George. He gave me an incredible sports massage and was able to really work on my whole body and tailor it specifically to the pain I was feeling from my yoga teacher training. I felt like a whole new person after the massage. I normally prefer quiet massages, but George shared so much information and really talked through everything he was doing during the massage and not only was I relaxed but I learned so much about my body and muscles during it. The management team here really does care about their clients and making sure they always leave happy. If you want a great massage, call Jill and have her set you up with George!
1	I have had several services (facial, massage, haircut & nail services) at Canyon Falls Spa on Eastern throughout the past few years. It has always been a pleasant experience. So much so,  I purchased a service package as a gift for someone. Prior to buying the service, I called to make sure the person (who was 16 yo) could be seen for a facial without me being present. I was told that was not a problem. I also asked that since it is a gift, if the person was not able to or interested in using the services, would I be able to get a refund. I was informed that "not if it is a gift certificate for a dollar amount but if you buy an actual service you can". So, I did just that. I purchased the Canyon Excursion for $120. NO WHERE in the purchasing process online or on my confirmation/receipt does it say this service is non-refundable! When I discovered the gift recipient was not going to be able to use the service, I called Canyon Falls and asked for a refund. I was told there are "no refunds on gift certificates". I explained that this was not a gift certificate but a pre-paid service and I was told prior to my purchase that it would not be an issue. I was told I would receive a call back after it was discussed with Adam. After 2 more calls I did receive a call but I was unable to take the call so I got a voice mail. I returned the call the same day and have since left 3 MORE messages for Adam. I have been playing phone tag since the end of AUGUST!! I was informed today by Jill (Manager) that they don't issue "refunds for gift certificates"...so I explain my story again!! Jill was polite and apologetic. She advised that I am welcome to use the service for myself. I explained to Jill that after obviously being misinformed regarding purchasing a service and having received  HORRIBLE customer service from the OWNER Adam, I am in no way interested in returning for any service from that establishment.  She promised to have Adam call me back...we will see how that works out. Just give me my money back!!
2	Very inexpensive with an online promotion I got.. I went in for a hot stone massage. It was meh.. I'd give it a 4 on a scale from 1-10. The therapist backed off on areas where I would have liked more pressure and used too much pressure in areas that were more sensitive. I hate being on edge during a massage because you aren't sure whats coming.. meanwhile not really enjoying it but also not wanting to deal with ending the session for another therapist. While waiting for my friend to finish up in the lobby I sat while the 2 receptionists chit-chatted loudly about boyfriends and what they were ordering for dinner. Unprofessional. My friend said her massage was incredible.. she had reflexology. The next few days after though she had a lot of pain in her sides where he did some work. Could have been from something she has going on internally.. not too sure.This place is just not up to par. Spend a little more for a better experience elsewhere.
3	Adam has since contacted me and rectified the situation. I have received my refund and he has apologized for the breakdown in communication; I appreciate that! While I have been invited back to Canyon Falls personally by Adam, I am still on the fence as to whether or not I will return.
5	I love this salon! I always buy my hair extensions from Adam and he has been the most accommodating. When my girlfriend was in town; I took her to the salon to get her extensions and they turned out great! Much respect.
5	I had a massage from Joseph today. He is very quiet and sweet. He gave me THE BEST MASSAGE EVER! He asked if there were any areas that I was having pain. I told him my hip. He stretched my leg and concentrated on that area and gave me so much relief. I'm definitely going back!
1	This place is a joke! Go elsewhere if you do not want your head to get burned during a blow out by a 'seasoned' stylist; go elsewhere if you want propriety behind your customer service...awful, rude and you are sure to get a better service elsewhere in Vegas. Not here! Bought a Group On for four shampoos and four blow outs. No problem redeeming the first one as advertised only my scalp got burned with the dryer in what resulted in a so-so blow out. Had an event to go to so better than nothing. Figure I would still give the place a shot on a different day, and with a different stylist at the Eastern location only to find out that suddenly my Group On is no longer valid at their location. What?! I was just there a couple of weeks ago. Not only did the receptionist give me the run around for a resolution, tell me that they suddenly don't have an appointment for me and that I should drive to North Las Vegas (20 miles away) and ask for the ONE stylist that will honor 'Group On people', she had the nerve to offer me the name and number of an off duty manager since the manager on site is 'in a meeting for the rest of the day'. So I have to call back and ask for management assistance when the inmates are running the asylum? IF you must go here, beware, and don't tell them you have a Group On if you want an appointment. With so many other options in Vegas to get a blow out, I will never return or recommend this place to get the job done.
