4	I didn't even know this store was going to open, so I was excited to see a new store to shop today Its a small version of a Dylan's Candy store. Cute Novelties and toys. The stores is brightly decorated. Sure its pricey as these stores tend to be but its a cute store and  a great addition to the area.
2	Wow I was so disappointed with this place.  Lots of hype and tons of memories of real candy shops got me all excited that Smeeks was one of the first places we hit when we got back into Phoenix.  Can't say I've been more disappointed by anything in CenPho.To begin, it is really a cute place.  I love the colors and the styling of it.  It does look a lot like Frances and RHR next door but that's to be expected.  The layout works well and it is totally a place that invites you in to spend money.The downside starts when you realize that this is simply a downsized Archie Mcphee mated with the candy section of prizes from Pistol Pete's Pizza.  One wall is covered with junk from accoutrement.com and the other has over-priced lame candy.  $1.50 for pop rocks? I don't think so.  Of that wall of candy, half is licorice flavored which totally doesn't count as candy to me.I know this place just opened so I am willing to give it some time to restock and find their market place but I would have been happy to just see something simple like Nerds or Jawbreakers or freakin M&Ms!  That's what downtown really needs...not another store trying to be kitschy by selling stuff from Accoutrement.
2	I am so sad that this place was nothing like I had hoped.  The husband had informed me that PHX was going to be getting a candy store and my eyes lit up and I began dreaming of all my candy adventures I would soon be having.  We stopped by this morning and I was so excited to see what kind of vintage/old school candy they would have.  Instead I was inundated with novelties and kiddie toys.  When I turned around I checked out the pretty small selection of candies.  There weren't a lot to choose from and a lot of them were licorice.  The prices seemed a little much to me.  Instead of advertising "sweets-treats-novelty" it should really say "novelty-kiddie stuff-some candy".  I am just really hoping that they are just testing the waters right now and seeing what works and what doesn't so I will be back in a while.  For now, I am sadly unimpressed.
5	Holy WOW Batman!This place is ONE-OF-A-KIND...it's Awesometown & it's YUMMY!Once you step inside you'll instantly  get the picture.    It's WOW factor is off the meter.Smeeks sells a never ending selection of treats of all kinds...it's THE PLACE for unique, off the wall, goofy gifts.   AND CANDY. I give a big round of applause to LOCAL, small business owners who stick their necks out in ANY economic climate but in today's woe-filled world of running a business, they become instant SUPER HEROES!If a picture is worth a thousand words, you can take a peek at 25,000 more reasons to visit Smeeks here:http://monkeywonderland.com/blog/
4	i was SOOOO excited to see this little shop by the owner of Frances Vintage. I love love love the decor...the outside, the inside, the counter, the bags, the awnings....I was really hoping for C A N D Y and lots of it...I didnt get that..mostly expensive novelty items  that I was not in the market for..the candy I did see was mostly the kind I could pick up anywhere. They had some original birthday party favors like vintage pin the tail on the donkey game and custom made birthday hats. I really like the shop I could spend hours LOOKING around but Iam hoping for more candy please.....
4	Smeeks is the latest addition to the anti-mall at Camelback & Central that houses Frances, Stinkweeds, Red Hot Robot, and Halo. I love it -- candy fits perfectly among the other businesses now obscured by the Dutch Bros. on the corner. Unfortunately, I've become addicted to Old Faithful bars ("Named after the famous geyser in Yellowstone National Park. Just as reliable!") at $1.50 a pop. The place is just freakin' adorable, right down to the charming typeface on the sign. They sell all kinds of goodies -- old-school soda, semi-forgotten confections, cool and vaguely dangerous toys, etc. It's retro/ironic or nostalgic/sincere fun, depending on your inclination. Check it out and grab some goodies!
4	A fun little candy store- that is child friendly!  I've brought my kids (7 & 4) in twice and the staff is so good about letting them wander and check everything out.  No detail has been left undone when it comes to the decor and display of this shop, it is literal eye candy!Some fun "old fashioned" candy (pop rocks, black jack gum, violet mints etc.), mixed with some modern favorites (Swedish fish, red hots etc.).  The selection of novelty items is excellent, everything from nostril pencil sharpeners, to Holy Toast Makers!All sorts of great little details to add to any party you are planning, the CUTEST cupcake liners, old fashioned paper straws, sweet party favor baskets etc.There really is something here for everyone!
4	I actually really liked Smeeks, I can understand a lot of the hype BUT you can't let your expectations get away from you. And when you take Smeeks for what it is, you have to admit that it is a great place. Any thing that it lacks I am certain the owners will change and develop until it is fitting the needs of its customers... after all the owners are the same owners from Frances, just down the way from Smeeks.Don't go expecting all your wildest dreams to come true, go expecting yo see a brilliantly displayed collection of colors, candying and collectibles.ps... they have a lot of great soda!
2	Holy. Over. Priced.I stopped by to get a little bag of silly candy for a friend's birthday. I ended up throwing in a goofy post-it note pad, but holy crap, $45!? I almost passed out.Don't think I'll be back...
2	This place is beautiful,  and considering the owners I expected nothing less ... that said ... where the HELL is the candy?I'd say about 80-90% of the candy is readily available at your local Circle K ... so I'm not sure I really get what's going on here ... Let's hope they get more hard to find jems in the future ...
3	Well almost exactly two months since I first visited, we stopped by Smeeks again to check it out.  Mind you, this was after the girl at Frances said "Have you tried our new store, Smeeks?" Us: "Ya, we went when you first opened but we've been meaning to go back." Girl with an angry look: "Oh that's right..."  WTF lady?  Don't hate me because your store sucked when you first opened.  I'm obviously not the only one who thought so.In any event, we went back and it is much better.  The layout has been improved and the selection is DRAMATICALLY better.  Not only do they actually have some candy (and not just licorice) but they finally have toys & gadgets that aren't just from accoutrements.com so that's good too.  A lot of the stuff is way overpriced though.   I really wish they had a soda fountain in there.  That would make for the perfect shop.  McAlpines + Sweets=FTW
3	MUCH MUCH better!  The first time I went into Smeeks, saying I was disappointed was really an understatement.  I already love Frances, so of course I would love Smeeks too!  Unfortunately, my first visit didn't confirm that, but my second one almost did.  The selection is much improved and the layout is loads better!  I can actually see where everything is, the store looks appropriately sized, and it just looks more appealing in general.  I got a Sky Bar and it was decent, but I really wish they had weird imported candy.  I think some strange Japanese or British candies would really make the store well rounded.  I also like their selection of specialty baking cups, but I would never in my right mind pay 4.50 for them.  The store is still overpriced in my opinion, but I realize that stocking hard to find candies cannot be the cheapest thing in the world.
4	They had a BABY JESUS pencil topper set!!! OMG, I think I died and went to heaven. Plus they had a photo booth and pirate cupcake wrappers, and oh yeah, they had candy. I found it to be a novelty store that happened to sell candy and other eccentric knick knacks. But whoa, what a bunch of poor reviews I see here. I found Smeeks to be a delight. The scene on a Saturday afternoon was kind of a mob scene -- about a dozen or so people kind of crowded the place.I spent $5 on my Baby Jesus pencil toppers and found prices on other things to be just right -- it's an independent local business selling specialty goods, people.So go ahead -- spend your money at another chain to save a buck, kwitcherbitchin and move to Buckeye. Thank you. The End.
2	Smeeks should really advertise itself as a novelty shop, not a candy shop. There is barely any candy in the place. This place is hella expensive. I saw so many cute and kooky things, but with what they charge I wouldn't buy anything. I was fairly disappointed with my visit to Smeeks. I left with two pieces of candy and paid $4! Are you kidding me?! I could go to Walgreen's and get 10 candy bars for that price. A few cool things, they have a photo booth and an abundance of novelty gifts, but they lack a wide and good seleciton of candy and their prices are outrageous.
3	This is such a funny little shop.  I went after my cousin came to a party with a pen that smelled like strawberry and a delicious marshmallow caramel.  I left with Bean-dazzlers (wacky/horrid flavors of Jelly Bellys as a gag), a Grow Your Own Jesus, and Sour Patch Kids.  The candy selection wasn't as great as I had hoped for...and it was a little pricier than I'd thought.  But I will go back if I have another friend who needs to grow a holy man or just silly and cute gifts.
5	Okay you get 5 stars for just being too much fun. I found the potential for so many things , a pirate party kit for my crazy boss, big candy sticks for decoration , little tiny candies that would look cute in a bowl, cupcake papers, Hello Kitty Lunch pails  the list goes on .. Settled on the candy sticks and a great candy cigarette pack  gotta be good for a gag gift sometime. If you are looking for the old styles of candy , unique fun gifts , gag gifts, party favors this could be your place. But bring  loads of money cuz it isn't cheap. Love the aqua blue / bright red color scheme  it reminds of a cross between a circus and an overly decorated pediatricians office.  Can't wait to take friend back  it's a  keeper.
5	Coffee Crisps and Shrinky Dinks? You cannot give this place less than 5 starsThey don't really have bulk candy so if that is the kind of store that you are looking for then try some place else.  They do offer some of your traditional candy shop (or should it be shoppe?) candies but just know that they are in pre-measured bags and not bulk.What they do have at Smeeks are all sorts of hard to find, imported, and "retired" candies.  (If only they had Ketchup Chip....please Smeeks get Ketchup Chips!!!)  I have not found Coffee Crisp anywhere in Arizona, its my favorite and IMO absolutely worth $2.50.  Imagine things like Sky Bar and Valomilk.In addition to that they have an amazing array of novelty items that range from squirrel underpants to yodeling pickles.  I felt as if they had a fairly decent amount of Hello Kitty novelties. (Which was great because now I know what Thomas S is getting for his birthday this year! Thanks Smeeks!!)  They also carry items that will take your home baked goodies to a much more fun level- cupcake liners, toppers and the like as well as some party goods.  You could throw a really festive party, get a unique gift for a friend, or just find something for your own high jinks at Smeeks.  All of this amazing- and yummy- fun wrapped up into one cute little red and white store.
4	Smeeks is a cute novelty candy/toy shop dealing in old fashioned treats and tricks (This review is mainly dealing in the treats). They do branch out a bit from American/Old fashioned fare into the world of European and Mexican candy arenas... which is alright by me... the more candy range, the better, IMHO.They have Razzles and Pop Rocks and Lemonheads a plenty! And Smarties and Red Hots and Licorice Galore! You want thingamabobs? They've got many!and... I now know where I can get a Maynard's Wine Gums fix! Woo hoo! I love the tough and long lasting chewiness of that candy (a little pricey @ $3 per roll, but worth it, since I haven't found these wine gums anywhere else in the valley)! Other European candies of note? Aero Bars and Bueno Bars (I actually recently returned from France and saw a commercial on Bueno that made me want to try it... missed the opportunity there, but now I can redeem myself because Smeeks has it!)... They do have several Cadbury offerings, but no Flakes... why not, I wonder... why not?Other why nots? Those Pink, Blue and Yellow Candy dots on paper, Airheads, Jolly Rancher Sticks, Haribo Roulettes... and probably because it's not exactly PC anymore, Bubblegum Cigarettes (They do have the lame candy cigarettes replacements, but they just aren't the same... (and this coming from a non-smoker! It's really for nostalgia's sake!)... but even still, Smeeks does a good job in terms of candy offerings... it's true what they sing: "You can't always get what you want." (Think about it... Dweebs, Tidalwave, Bonkers... all candy figments of the past!)One suggestion to Smeeks: You know what would be great? If you got together with Yuri's Popcorn and sold little snack packets of Yuri's more interesting flavors... I think that would be a match made in local heaven!Anyway, from one Candy lady to any candy lover out there... you're never too young, old or middle aged to have a little Smeeks in your life!
4	Dear Smeeks,I am really sorry it took me so long to make my way in to check you out, but you were totally worth the wait!  I literally felt like a kid in a candy store when I walked in.  I didn't know where to start... all of your merchandise is so fun!  I made my way around solo at first, and then Julia, who by the way was dressed super cute in a colorful outfit, gave me a tour as well.  I escaped without breaking the bank, although it took some major willpower.  For $17.21 out the door, I bought a handmade chocolate filled cherry candy cane, a tin of egg nog flavored bubblegum, a bag of sugar free cinnamon cubbies, and a unique duck pen that lights up and quacks!  Other things that I may have to return for in the near future:-Hello Kitty stuff... lots of it!-Stickers, stickers, and more stickers-caramel corn-lunchboxes-all kinds of candy-fun baking accessories including really cool cupcake liners-so much more!While I was there, I noticed other shoppers enjoying themselves just as much, if not more than me... both kids and adults.  Sweets, Treats, & Novelty Items - there is something at Smeeks for everyone!It may have taken me a few months to make my way in, but I'll be back again soon, Smeeks.  After just one visit, you've become my go-to candy boutique!Sincerely,Gabi
5	You will find the sweetest and silliest stuff on the planet at Smeeks. Stop in for a bottle of soda pop, a sweet treat from your past or a crazy novelty gift for your pal's birthday. This place always makes me smile, oh right my kids love it too. Every time we drive past this shoppe everyone is the car says "SMEEKS".
2	Yet another overpriced novelty shop filled with cheap trinkets and curious smells. I'm glad Smeeks is there rather than a McDonald's or something. But I wont ever buy anything there.
4	This place was very cute and friendly. I got some sort of weird, scottsdale, vibe for some reason.. I guess I just expected that downtown phoenix feel that I'm so used to around here! But it was good, got my sweet heart some old fashioned candy cigarettes, and my little ones each got to pick some candy out as well. The prices are very fair. I'm sure I will be back soon, it's a very cool local spot!
4	I've driven by Smeeks many times but never knew what the little store really held, until today, at lunch, a co-worker took me there.This little gem of a store with old-fashion sweets, treats and goofy novelty items caused me to easily drop $57 on, how I justified it, "stocking stuffers."I did buy these GORGEOUS handmade, HUGE, candy canes (stuffed with chocolate).   I bought a little plastic camera the squirts water out the flash for my photographer husband's stocking.  And I bought a bunch of fun stickers for my little nieces.It was a great time!  If you haven't stopped in this little gem of a store, do so.  It's a fun time!  Shop local!
4	I love me some candy! Especially candy from my childhood. You know, the kind you could get from the ice cream truck or when you were waiting in line with your Mom at Michael's and they had all those cool candies waiting there for you to bug your mom to buy along with her silk flowers and puffy paints. Okay, so maybe you didn't have that EXACT experience, but I know you know how awesome it is to see a package of Bottle Caps (Root Beer ones are the BEST!) and Fireballs and Pop Rocks and Pixie Sticks, and.... oh my, I'm getting a sugar high just thinking about it!Before I crash, let me go on to more specifics -- love the look of the store, love the name, love the cute and funny novelty items, love the photo booth and absolutely love the candy wish list book at the front counter. And, speaking of that wish list... I really hope, fingers crossed, they get some of those items in soon -- especially Fun Dips. Those were my favorite! The one and only thing that I was a little bummed about was the price of some of the other candies -- a little bit too pricey for me, but maybe for a gift, I might splurge.The positives of Smeeks definitely outweighs my frugal-inspired criticism, so I say, loud and proud and with a red, burning tongue... YEAH FOR SMEEKS!!!
4	I shopped local for 95% of my holiday gifts and my Smeeks recipients absolutely loved their trinkets and candy.  I love Smeeks for how it made me feel. Just like a kid in a candy store and I wanted to sniff and lick everything. I had a great time perusing all the cool merch and even found a couple things for myself. I'm sure I'll be granted a few cool points for my Pac Man mints and root beer scented pencil. Hmmm I could use a Baby Jesus topper for my pencil, Stevey?  They even have plastic barf. How can you not visit this place?
4	Not only is this in the coolest strip in CenPho (next to Stinkweeds, frances and Halo), but I was in a time warp as soon as I entered.  I went to a writing workshop here tonight and the table was covered with a gazillion different types of candies.  I kept reaching for one, then another, either shouting out loud on just in my head the name of the candy, because I hadn't seen it in years.As I  browsed the candy for our writing assignment, my heart was filled with nostalgia.  Fun Dip!  I know, you can get it anywhere, but there's more.  When was the last time you saw an Aero bar?  Do you even know what it is?  Or that disgusting violet-flavored gum.  One of my mom's boyfriends chewed that crap.  There are also novelty items.  Do you need a bacon wallet?  How about a punching nun?  The novelty items cover a wall on one side of the store, the candy, the other.  In the middle are both, mixed together.I was even happy that the owner, Georgeanne, has a running list going of candy she's going to try to find for people.  I gave her one that I remember as a child: a mini record cover and inside was a piece of gum, shaped like a record!  The lyrics to "Heart of Glass" were written on the inside of the cover.  I hope she finds it!!!
5	Who can take a sunriseSprinkle it in dewCover it in chocolate and a miracle or two?Smeeks!Let me get this out of the way. There are two things that Smeeks is missing: A bike rack and Sammy Davis Jr.  The first should really be unforgiveable, especially for a hipster, indie, shopping mecca such as this corner is, but I will distribute blame to all of the shops and take in to consideration that they let me park my bike inside for a recent writing workshop I attended there and let it slide this once. As for item number two...well since he died of throat cancer in 1990 we will let that one go as well.I went for a writing workshop after hours, last night. The workshop was based on writing about memories and they had a table loaded with chocolates, gummies, malt balls, candy cigarettes, button candy, any kind of treat to spur sweet memories so I had a chance to sample a wide variety of goods.I have also been in to Smeeks several times on my own so this review is by no means based solely on a candy catered, one-night, sugar-rush.Smeeks is adorable, it's charming, it's old-school but not geriatric. If personified it would be that fun yet classy older lady who you are surprised to find yourself fantasizing about.My sweet tooth took over last night; it became Hyde to my dieting Jekyll, but "He who makes a beast of himself gets rid of the pain of being a man." so I gave in to temptation. I let my fingers gently grip ball after ball of smooth, thick chocolate covering the light crunch of malt. I tongued the candy cigarettes and let one dangle from my mouth doing my best James Dean pout. I sucked the chocolate from chocolate covered marshmallows followed by the sensation of the sugary delight disolving in my mouth. I was a kid in a candy store.Smeeks is full of the hard to find. Each member of the group last night and each person i have ever entered the store with has found a candy that made them light up with recognition as they  rattled on about whatever childhood memory it had spurred, despite the fact I have never heard of most of them.Let us not forget the novelties. Small toys, trinkets and a wall of bacon products. Not flavored, more of a wall for the worshipers of bacon. i wallet made to look like it is made from bacon, bacon magnets, notepads, bacon everything.Based on early reviews it sounds like Smeeks got a rough start, but as Yelpers we have to love a place that does it right; a place that takes the issues of the people and listens then in turn improving until they are the 5 star establishment that they are today.
5	Smeeks, Smeeks, Smeeks, oh how I adore thee!  Trinkets, toys, candies, lollies and tiny Germanic gnomes!  I am in sheeeeer heaven here!  When something bad happens to me and I have to retreat to my "happy place" -- Smeeks is where I go in my head.  Smeeks is the brilliant brain child/offshoot of neighboring Frances Boutique and boasts the best selection of vintage candies, baubles and retro childhood memories.  Over the past 2 months I've admittedly dropped almost 3 Benjamins in this place, because I simply cannot get enough!  Smeeks fueled my holiday shopping for my nieces, me mum and my employees.  I even indulged myself and invested in the most adorable red resin gnome piggybank (that was $50 bucks rite there, but I had to have him!!).Smeeks has sourced the most excellent assortment of vintage candies & sweets, funky. fun & retro toys & games, kooky Japanese collectibles and they wrap it all up in the most adorable red/white/turquoise finery known to man.  I like to go in and peruse all the cool toys on the wall. I've gotten a package of wax paper drinking straws (total throwback to my childhood).  I've taken fun photos with a friend in their retro black & white 4-spot photobooth.  I've found candies, sweets & gum I haven't seen since i was a kid, like:- CHARMS Assorted Squares- Chowards Violet candies- NECCO wafers- Cherry Mash- Pop Rocks- Wonka Bars- Wax bottles- Candy cigarettes- Double Bubble gum- Scads more...And they have their own brand of packaged deliciousness!  I highly recommend the gummy strawberries and chocolate covered cookie dough!  They have the MOST amazing kettle corn (almost tastes like Pops cereal -- no husks/kernals, super light and golden yellow, fresh beyond comparison)!My fave newest find are these tiny delicious Italian licorice rounds (kinda of like Sen Sen), called CHIPS.  They're $0.05/piece or you can fill a tiny Chinese takeout container for $3.00.  That's the way to go!The staff is uber-helpful and friendly. They will gift wrap your goodies for you, or as i did over the holidays (when it was busy and there was a line at the register), they hooked me up with all the fixin's so I could make my own goodie bags & boxes at home.  They gave me scads of ribbon, adorable printed bags & takeout containers, and lots of fun stickers with the Smeeks logo with the shy little gnome.  It was so fun buying a basket full of candy & goodies and making up my gifts at home for a personal touch.If you're having a bad day, or simply want a fun diversion on a Sunday afternoon, stop in and escape to that happy place of your childhood with Smeeks boutique!
4	I spent only a brief amount of time here, but in those moments I had a multitude of cool experiences converge. For example:I found several bacon-related gifts for one of my best friends.I found a blueberry soda that I didn't know existed (and it was good!)I discovered a huge collection of metal '80s lunchboxes featuring the Muppets, the Hawaiian punch guy, and several other iconic figures of my childhood.The clerk recommended the very best Mexican food I had while visiting Phoenix.Now if that isn't a successful trip to a candy store, I don't know what is. I don't have a sweet tooth for actual candy, but the selection looked good. Plus this shop bookends a hipster shopping complex that also featured a great record store, a cool Japanese trinket store, and a clothing store that I admittedly didn't really check out but is apparently owned by these here Smeeks people.Anyway, for anyone looking for a unique multiple-shop stop while checking out downtown, this is a great place to start.
4	Okay... so they do have Haribo Roulettes! Yay! I just went when they were out of stock was all. Now I can roll out the gummy fruit goodness like I did as a child standing outside a candy truck.
5	I loved Smeeks! If you're looking for a novelty birthday gift I would go here. They have such a fun assortment of items. They even have a wide variety of klutz books which were my favorite as a kid. As far as pricing. they seemed pretty reasonable to me. Nothing looked higher than it should be. I will definitely be going back.
4	I am not a shopper. When I enter a store, I know what I want and usually the time spent in the store is spent on looking for that item and not browsing so much. That's how things started out in Smeeks but quickly turning into a shopping and browsing experience.It had been years since I was in a candy store and to sit back and look at all the stuff that I want but cannot eat is agonizing. They have a ton of candy that is original from hard candy to chocolates to toffees to chocolate bars which leads me to why I was there. COFFEE CRISPS. I spotted them almost as soon as I walked in the store and as I stood and looked at the other candy surrounding them, it took me back to Canada. Crispy Crunch, Eat More, Caramilk, Smarties (not the tart candies - the candy covered chocolate) all of the things I haven't seen in years and I wanted to buy and eat to send me into diabetic coma but I held back and bought only what I came for...Coffee Crisps...and they were damn good! Smeeks, I'll be back to buy more someday, See you then!
5	Go here! If you don't leave a little bit happier & lighthearted then you're the Grinch incarnate.I want to come back when I have more time. I didn't realize they were closing in 15 min when we pulled up at 5:45. It was a spur of the moment visit to check out a new place.I walked in and..."Ohhh" *giggle*"Ahhhh" *sigh*"Look!" *squeal*I could feel myself reverting back to being 6 or 7 & being overwhelmed by goodies of all kinds. The lunch boxes caught my eye right away. I wish I could go back to grade school & be the kid with the coolest lunch box ever!I watched a young boy who was about 9 almost frantically decide what he wanted. His mom told him he could get 1 thing. Man, the look on his face! There's just SOOO much to choose from. Poor kid lolMy friend & I checked out the photobooth pics on the wall. Funny! I wanted to do the photobooth but my friend didn't :( I'm the adventurous one.Some of their prices are ridiculously cheap. 5 cents here, 25 cents there... Other things I thought, "I wouldn't pay $2.50 for a candy bar I can get anywhere."I bought a sour green apple & a peppermint stick. 50 cents each! nom nom nomMy friend found a pin button he liked. Those are $1.Great little place. Just by the outside you feel like you're going to walk into Candyland come to life. Makes me think this is the PG version of Easley's with tons of new school & old school candy.
4	I admit that I've been to this tiny plaza dozens of times and never even knew this place existed, walking right past it many times while going to Stinkweeds. I honestly walked in thinking it was a actually mostly a candy shop, not more of a novelty shop, but I really liked it either way. I didn't buy anything, but next time I'm going gift shopping, I'm definitely going to stop in. I thought the bags of candy that were $4 were priced a little high for such small bags, but you can fill your own little box, which is great. It's definitely a cute store and I say support your local businesses and stop in!
5	I would LOVE to find someone to extract my sweet tooth...til then....I live for SMEEKS!  This is mine and my son's reward for a job well done...or just for surviving the day!  The vintage candies and toys NEVER disappoint!  It is truly a WONDERLAND of all things yummy and fun!  Great staff...AND if you don't see something that you missed as a child, they will get it for you!  This place helped stock my son's stocking AND easter basket....I am sure his was the coolest and most wanted!  THANKS SMEEKS FOR BEING SO UNIQUE AND AWESOME!
5	A little late to review the Caramelapalooza at Smeeks Candy Shop event on 3/26, but here it is.  The setting was an outside packing lot, a row of peeps waiting to try the different caramels.  The line was long and moving really slow.  The contestants were Honey Moon Sweets, Wicked Kitchen Gourmet, BOURBON STEAK at the Fairmont Scottsdale Resort, Urban Cookies, Tammie Coe, Tracy Dempsey, Urban Beans, Sweet Republic, and Whimsical Candy Whimsical Candy.  We got to vote for the best caramel candy.  I voted for the beer & pretzel caramel from Wicked Kitchen.  I didn't really taste the beer, but they were chewy and all caramel inside.  By the time we make it toward the front, most of the caramels were gone.  I wanted to try the bacon brittle and caramels from Sweet Republic, which sounded very interesting. After the event, we went inside Smeeks to fill our brown lunch bag.  This place sure brought back so many childhood memories.  My favorites were the lunch boxes, gag candy gifts, and many, many retro candies. I love this store. I hope they stick around for a while.
4	It's true Smeeks is fun and it will make you happy. But their prices are a bit absurd. I do love that I can get a bunch of novelties in one places. The best is the hard-to-find-candies. My favorite childhood candy was zots and they are super hard to find, they have them at Smeeks. Also, they have a bunch of little toys. I love all of the fred stuff, especially the key covers. My mom just bought some that are shaped like cookies from smeeks. They are so cute. If you go, plan to have your mind blown. Also, plan to spend a little more than usual for candy.
5	Smeeks is enough to make any grown adult throw a tantrum, drool sugary syrup down the front of their white T-shirt and spend their entire allowance.The tiny corner shop has an entire spectrum of peculiar and obscure candies, toys and gifts in a carnival jamboree setting. Because my boyfriend was with me and running his mouth, I ripped through like a 10 year-old on their way to soccer practice. I left with a mini red Chinese-takeout box of jujubes, scallop-cut cupcake papers, and a hand-shaped notepad that say "Talk to the Hand" on it.A perfect stop for good kids you want to reward, bad kids you need to contain and big kids who still pound candy like it's their job.
5	This is a small store, but they really pack in a lot of merchandise and delicious candy.  The taffy was very soft and fresh and there are many neat party favors and just cute things that make you want to be a kid again.  Smeeks, I am so glad you exist.  Thank you.
5	I admit it. When I was little and used to visit my favorite candy store, I would tell my parents that I couldn't wait 'till I grew up because then I could to eat all the candy in the world. But, then I did grow up and realized the consequences of actually eating all the candy in the world. So now it's normally just a piece or two here or there...maybe more than two on occasion. But, thank you Smeeks for making me that kid in the candy store again. The first time I walked in, I looked like a deer in headlights trying to take in the adorable setting and endless shelves of any type of candy you can imagine. Charlie, you might ditch the chocolate factory after a visit to Smeeks. Picture your dream candy store as a kid...not huge but ginormous to you (since you are a kid after all). Then walk into Smeeks. There's a good chance, they'll be one in the same. I spent a good amount of time browsing through the candy selection and mentally gobbling every piece. You have the option to fill a cute little handle-clad box with candy of choice like Carmel, chocolate, taffy, etc etc etc. They have everything from classics like ever-lasting gobstoppers, to unique treats you couldn't find anywhere else. And don't forget about the fun knick knacks you haven't seen since childhood. If you know a child or an adult who still acts like one, you can find a great gift here. When I saw the cute setup and perfectly arranged sweets, I thought Smeeks would be overly priced. It was just too cute to be true, right? But I was happily surprised when I realized it wasn't. You can satisfy your sweet tooth without burning a hole in your wallet. I left with a couple of treats for myself and a lot more for my three year old nephew. I wish they threw birthday parties (maybe they do?) because Smeeks is a ready-made birthday party waiting for the guests.
5	Once again I want to live here..seriously,  it's got that whimsical vintage feel that make me feel all Pee Wee Herman inside..HAA HAA!  Today's mission find bright gum gumballs for a decoration project I am doing. Yeah I know it 's crazy ..don't judge me. Today's stars were for the awesome customer service that darling girl was ready to grab some paints and start painting those babies for me..love the help and willing to please!! Thanks Smeeks  ..I will be back when I rum out of Gingham Cupcake liners.
4	This place was alot of fun the moment we walked in. Walls lined with silly keychains, chapsticks flavors such as Lucky Charms, corn dog, Betty Crocker frosting, etc, toys for little and big kiddies, and lots of fun things for your kitchen (various designs of cupcake liners, coffee cube trays to make iced coffee, ice cube trays for fake teeth, brains, etc). My kind of place, for reals! They had old school candy, gum, etc and I had to pick up some bubble gum cigarettes. Gotta make sure I hide them from my kids! Hubby and I took some pics in their photo booth ($5) and that was fun. They had a large variety of candy and little odds/ends toys which was fun to browse through. I can't wait to go back and get some of their numbered sparklers for birthdays. This is a great place for unique items and filling gift bags with old-school things. They had the old school metal lunch boxes, too. I would say this place is a little pricey but you can also find some good inexpensive buys.
4	Nice.  Smeeks is one of those places where kids go to because they like the candy, and it's a place that adult go to so they can see candy they've haven't seen in a store in 30 years.  There's lots of old-fashioned and new-fangled sweets in here, along with a few toys tossed in.  The colors in here are bright and attractive, and there's so much to look through that it will be difficult to leave here without dropping $20+.The only weird thing here is parking.  You need to maneuver around the back parking lot where the entrance is in order to get into the place--not very intuitive, but once you get there, the extra effort is worth it.  Smeeks rocks--if you're visiting Phoenix from out of town, don't pass up an opportunity to visit this place.  While you're here, check out Red Hot Robot next door too.  If you actually live in the Valley and haven't gone to Smeeks yet, I highly recommend that you at least try this place once--just don't tell your kids about it or they'll be trying to drag you over there every week.
4	I know this is supposed to be a sweet shop, but I swear, the homegoods here are adorable.Measuring cups shaped like Russian nesting dolls?  Ice cube trays shaped liked strawberries?  Be still my heart!But what really sold me was the photobooth.  $5, two full four-shot sets IN DUPLICATE?  I ain't never looked so good.
5	Candy... Candy... CandySmeeks is AWESOME !!This is the best candy store I have been to besides Dylan's Candy Bar in NYC & East Hampton, NY.http://www.dylanscandybar.com/
4	This place is adorable. Loved loved loved Smeeks. You just can't help but happy and light-hearted in this brightly decorated sweet shop. The candy jars are so inviting and the selection of treats is amazing. I was very excited to find candy's I haven't seen in years or can't get in the United States! I had so much fun going around and filling my goody bag. Better than trick or treating!I have to go back for some of the other amazing products I saw. There is a gift for everyone there!I didn't think that it was too pricey for a novelty shop at all. If you want a 50 cent snickers bar, then go to Circle K! There are plenty of treats for under a dollar at Smeeks though, so come on down!
5	Yea!!!! Smeeks is as fun as it gets and will certainly put a smile on your face anytime you walk in there. Being in there is like...well, I'm gonna just go ahead and say it...like a kid in a candy store-you want to gobble everything up and the best part is you can...no adult telling you "no". Not that I ever listened to that word as a kid, BUT now I can get all the goodies without the side of guilt to go along (I have no remorse) Smeeks will take you back to your childhood when you see all these great little items that you forgot even existed. You find yourself fingering every item and mentally checking off who's birthday is coming up or what occasion you can use as an excuse to snap up the chocolate mustache on a stick (how fun is that?) A place that you will want to return to over an over and will even have you borrowing others children as "covers" if you don't have of your own to justify your repeated stops
4	I don't understand the people who complain about the price of the candy.  Do you not realize that this is imported and not available at Walmart?  Damn hicks.Smeeks is fantastic, it is the only place in the valley where I can get my fix of Canadian and British candy.  Keep up the good work and please start bringing in wine gums.
5	This place makes me happy.  It is just a room full of smiles.  It's a great place to escape the grown-up world for a while.  I always walk away trying something I have never had before. Highly recommended!
4	Finally made it in here!  What fun little trinkets and treats.  You can find a large array of sweets and funky novelty items.  I was expecting larger variety of candies but they do have several nostalgic favorites you can not find anywhere else.
5	I am still enamored of you Smeeks.  Thank you to the staff for putting up with me and two girls each paying seperately.  Your patience and courtesy are appreciated.  Also, thank you for feely offering your bathroom.  It is tough to shop with kids sometimes.  Many goodies yet to try.  :)
5	Love Love LOVE this shop! I've been meaning to go here for a while and I finally went taking my mom with me. What a fun place to visit! We had fun reminiscing at all of the fun candy and toys. I thought everything was very reasonably priced and it's the perfect place to go if you're looking for something unique and special. The lady who worked here was super nice and helpful and she told me that they do birthday parties here, which I was thrilled about. I will definitely be back!
5	I needed to purchase a birthday gift for my new brother-in-law, who is a Frenchmen, God help us all.Walking into Smeeks, you really cannot help but smile. (BTW, if Smeeks does not make you happy, you either torture cats, or have dismembered body parts in your freezer.)The store is warmly lit, and really well thought out. As other reviewers have mentioned, the store is not 100% candy, it's more like 50/50 candy and novelty items. While some may view that as a negative, I thought it was great because you will find such fun items, that cannot be found elsewhere.In addition to buying some of my beloved Zotz candy, I picked up a cool toast stamper, which you basically press this plastic form onto a piece of bread, then pop it in the toaster. When the bread pops up from the toaster, you have a piece of art, in this case- the Eiffel tower!It's really just a fun store, with great selection. Because it is a boutique, the prices are higher than you would find at WallyWorld, but that is how things work. You will not be able to find much of the candy anywhere else, so things cost a bit more. Never fear, you can still purchase candy without refinancing your car and home.Customer service is alive and well at Smeeks. When I went to check out, the employee was super friendly and answered my questions. She even offered to gift wrap Frenchie's gifts, and she did a great job, the gift looked like a movie prop when she was done.Smeeks will definitely be in my short list for fun gifts, and great candy. It's wonderful to see another small business succeed in the 602. Support local business and have a great time. Well done Smeeks.
5	Smeeks is my happy place. After one visit I was hooked, and now I get nearly all of my gifts, treats and goodies at this amazing Phoenix candy shop. The colorful decor, fun atmosphere and amazing staff make Smeeks a rare find. With a wide variety of sugary treats, fun games and gifts and the perfect accessories to help you celebrate (a confetti cannon and sparklers are among my weaknesses), Smeeks is the perfect combination of sugary sweetness, downtown hip and good old-fashioned great business. I will be returning to Smeeks for gifts, treats and a good time for years to come. YUM!
5	Novelty candy is great but the toys are even better!
5	Visited smeeks for the first time after reading about it on someone's blog. Now I have taken multiple people there because I love it so much. It is in a great location downtown and there really is no other place like it. If you are looking for candy that you loved when you were a child this is the place to get it. I took my sister there and she wanted to buy everything. The staff is great as well. I bought some gifts there and they wrapped it up all cute for me. If you haven't been you need to stop in!
4	What a fun lil shop! I came here this afternoon looking for some stocking stuffers. I didn't wanna miss anything, so I walked around & literally looked at every single item, I must have been there at least 30-45 minutes. For my hubby I found these cute Cold Boulders, which are reusable ice cubes made out of stone. I thought these would keep his drinks cooler longer, plus they won't water down his Captain! I also picked up some candy canes, pop rocks & fun dip for him. Oh & I can't forget the lil magnet I got that says stud with a pic of a muffin, a nickname for our English Bulldog. For my dad I got an abba-zaba & big hunk. He loves peanuts/peanut butter & those are both old school candies, right?! I love caramels, so I bought a couple of the sea salt caramels & 1 bigger piece of the vanilla caramel. Total for all my items was a lil over $28.
5	WOW! I had read and heard alot of good things about Smeeks and I thought, "It must be too good to be true," and while out shopping for a few items today, I was proven wrong. I walked in and I instantly felt like a kid in a candy store. They had candy, fun novelties, and I swear everything I looked at it made me think of a friend who would love to find it in their stocking on Christmas day. The store was packed (it is 3 days before Christmas), but the staff was friendly, helpful and went around to make sure everyone found what they needed or if they needed a basket. Guys, I'll be back here throughout the year, and you should check it out. If it doesn't make you smile or make you want to sift through all the goodies, you probably kick kittens for fun (and that's not cool!).
4	If you are the type of person who is going to get his/her thong all in a knot over prices of vintage candy and other fun stuff, you are not worthy to cross this threshhold.  No one wants a Sour Lemon drip in this very happy place.  I found Charms!  Fire Balls!  Skull cupcake molds - and I lusted after a few lunch boxes until I remembered that I am retired.  Kid's chopsticks - real kaleideoscopes - the good ones - tin and all - and the atmosphere just rocks.  I loved, loved, loved it - and I will be back.  My only disappointment was that they didn't have Life Savers!!! What's up with that???  I guess I have to keep going to Michael's for my Butter Rums.The next thing I am going to buy is that cool plate with the face on it.  You use it as a foundation and dress it up with your food - I LOVE PLAYING WITH MY FOOD!!!
4	What an adorable and oh-so fun local spot to go and get your happy fix! I went in just before Christmas and dropped about $45 bucks on some unique novelty items and hard to find vintage candies, plus I had a fantastic time doing so. Smeeks is good for three things: - Fun and inexpensive novelty gifts- Old School sweets like pop rocks, candy cigarettes, and moon pies- Just having fun and maybe even squeezing in a photo booth seshI will return anytime I have the need to feel like a kid again, want to pick up some fun party items, or have something to celebrate.
5	Smeeks is awesome. It's the kind of place you want to visit when you're down, feeling nostalgic, have a sweet tooth, need to buy a unique gift, want to have your photo taken in a photo booth, want to buy a fun toy for your desk at work, or just feel like checking out the new/seasonal inventory.  What's best is that Smeeks is locally owned and staffed by some really great people.I have rarely been able to get out of Smeeks without spending less than $20.  It's not that everything is really expensive, although some stuff is a bit pricier than I'd like, but it's all unique and tough to find anywhere else.  It's just that you want that cool set of erasers, and some of that candy you loved as a kid, and a new keychain, and some cool wind-up toys, and some bacon-flavored lip balm (yes, you read that right), and... the list goes on.Next time you're near Central & Camelback, stop in and treat yourself to something special, even if it's a little something . It'll put a smile on your face for the rest of the day!
5	Candy Heaven.Cool name.Independant.AZ proud.Surrounded by amazing shops on all sides. You feel like you are 5 years old here...except that your mom's threats of rotten teeth, belly aches, and spoiled dinner (though maybe ringing in your head) are a thing of the past.Dive in.
3	This place is great to go in and have a look at the plethora of neat toys and candy they have... but that's about it. The prices are way too high and a lot of the items aren't things you can't get anywhere else. They also have a real lack of imported candies/chocolate which is something I would drop more money for. Be prepared to buy more than you wanted if you only have plastic - they have a minimum of $6 to use your card so I had to buy two sodas I didn't want in order to get my handful of candy. With all that said, this is a really nice, unique local business and I love the idea behind it, but I don't have a lot of free cash to spend on a bag of gummy bears I can buy at Circle K for $2 less. This is definitely a place for gifting only and not just when you want something sweet to eat.
5	Rock on Smeeks!  You continue to inspire awe and a return to childhood and all that is good.  I went in today with a group of 7 and the staff could not have been nicer or more helpful.  Again, thank you, for existing.
4	I visited Smeeks this weekend as part of Carmelpalooza. Amazing! It's a fun little store with darling treats and trinkets to drop your cash upon. Bacon belt? Yep.Women's mustaches? Of course!Butterscotch Peanut butter cups? Yes!Very fun. A bit pricey, but I couldn't resist buying some monster finger puppet key toppers.Yay Yay Yay!
3	I try to practice the "if you don't have anything nice to say, don't say anything at all" dealio, so I will give this place three stars.Their candy selection is minimal (at best) in comparison to other candy stores in the valley.  Their novelty section isn't that big either.  They have some cute gifts and some candy that you don't see everywhere (tropical flavored Puntinis), but for what a small, niche shop this is - and the fact that it really can't get ANY foot traffic, I was surprised at how busy it was.Based on some other reviews I had read it seemed that DH and I would be able to spend some time in the area, walking and shopping.  Stinkweeds, a hair salon, and one other store are Smeeks' only neighbors.  Not exactly my idea of a happenin' place to kill time.Overall it was worth the one time trip.  Probably more for tourists than die-hard candy snobs like my hubby.
4	Sadly, Smeeks is closing 12/31/13, but I'm sure it's worth a stop for a good gift!Cute place for unusual gifts. Kind of a retro vibe.One note, enter from the back of the store. You can't get in directly from the Camelback side.
5	The prices may be high; but Smeeks is the best candy shop in the valley. It is absolutely adorable inside. They have an awesome, albeit small selection of sodas right next to the door, from orange to grape to a mid-west, childhood staple - Green River. They have all kinds of candy - retro stuff, vegan treats, taffy, bubblegum, 10 and 25 cent treats, as well as their own bagged gummy and chocolate candies. They also have some of my favorite novelty items, always good for gifts - like World Wide Fred kitchen supplies, extra large moustaches, and magnets and key-toppers galore. There is always something you can find at Smeeks. One of my favorite parts is their photobooth. It IS digital, but the photos don't come out pixelated - in fact, they look pretty similar to film photobooths. Smeeks even has a basket full of hats, glasses, and other props to truly enhance your photobooth-ing experience! The price is $5 for two sets (and two copies per set)! It's a really, really good deal on photobooth pictures - at the state fair, one copy of one set was $5!My question to others who've said they found a better candy shop is - where?! I haven't seen a cuter, more unique candy shop in Arizona - ever!
4	Took my girls to Smeeks for the first time today and we had a blast.  The selection of candies ranges from your parents' old favorites to your old favorites to stuff you've never seen before.  My 12 year old was mor captivated by the buttons, magnets and other toys and funny office supplies ("Talk to the Hand" post-its, etc.).  If you want something that is not run of the mill, chances are you will find it here. I noticed that they also have vegan candies (I'm not sure if they are made with real vegans or not) which may appeal to the more planet friendly sweet tooth.  I strongly suggest you check it out.
4	great place to buy candy for gift bags.tourists: lots of photo ops of nicely-appointed candy displays. make sure you use their adorable red and white striped bags to present your gifts! walk to dutch brothers three doors down for a yummy coffee treat!
5	You cannot get better then this place!  I felt like I stepped into the candy store I used to go to in Minnesota and Europe when I lived there.  It just feels like you have entered candy land!  I adore everything about this place.  There is a photo booth and you can take cute pictures...I mean who has a photo booth anymore.  They have every kind of kind you can imagine.  They have the fruit stripes gum and swedish fish and bubble tape and candy necklaces and tin lunch boxes with fun designs and fun craft books for kids and the old fashioned sodas and soooooo much more.  My son was in awwwwwwwwwwwwwhhhhhhhh...he wanted everything.  I did not want to leave because you feel like you are a kid again!  I will be back and I want to get little gifts for my friends here too!  It is awesome check it out!
5	Love it here! So fun and adorable!
4	I found this place hard to find and figure out parking.  Once the three kdis and I got inside I was suprised by how small it was.  I was also suprised to find that it had almost as many toys as candy.  The prices were reasonable for a boutique style candy store.  My kids had a good time picking out treats.  The crazy glass bottle sodas were fun.  The one my son picked turned his tounge, teeth and lips neon blue.
4	Smeeks is a great place to look for an old-time favorite candy or soda.  I usually stop here for at least a soda after picking up music next-door at Stinkweeds, Green River and Dublin Dr. Pepper are my faves. . They generally have about 20 kinds of soda, although not heavily stocked. Today I got Double Cola and Dang, a butterscotch root beer my wife swears by.  Candy is their main selection, you will find old childhood favorites and stuff you have never seen before.  Great for stocking stuffer and and a little extra to a birthday gift.  Being that their selection is one of a kind and hard to get, be prepared to pay a bit more.  Although now that the average price for a candy bar at a convenience store is over $1, it really isn't that big of a difference.
4	This is possibly the most entertaining store I've ever set foot in.Every time I go to Smeek's, I'm drinking cream soda, wearing a finger tentacle, holding a bag full of vegan chocolate bars, and taking pictures in a photobooth, within minutes. Plus, It's so hipster I can't even convey how hipster it is (except maybe to say that there are a plethora of mustache-themed items and vintage candies lining the walls). Either way, it's trendiness and gourmet treats make it just as much fun for big kids, if not more fun, than it is for little kids.The only reason I don't give Smeek's that coveted fifth star, even though I only have good things to say... is because it's overpriced. If penny candies weren't dead before, they are now. Get ready to whip out a $20 if you want a decent amount of sugar and a photobooth session. If you venture into the novelties, just put it on the credit card and stop thinking about prices altogether. Don't be completely off-put by the thought of pricey fun things, though. I have you know that that finger tentacle was worth every penny.
5	Fun candy and novelties!  I am 12 again as soon as I go through the door
5	Love it here! Funnest place ever! Would be cool to go here on a date and get candy.
4	As soon as I walked into this store I started having a good time!This old school candy store has tons and tons of delicious candy to browse and choose from, everything from marshmallows and lollipops to gumballs and chocolate bars. In addition to the yummy candy, there are multiple quirky knicknacks to browse and buy for a unique birthday/Christmas/just-cause-i-like-you gifts. Pins, Pens, Cutting boards, cookie cutters, toys, and funny shaped ice cube trays hang from floor to ceiling across the wall. This store is small, but you spend so much time looking at each and every item. There is also an old fashioned photo booth with a few props to choose from if you want to stop and smile for the camera.
2	Another "place to check-out" that I recently checked off my list (winter vacation is great!).  :)Naturally I headed here after visiting Frances next door and I was sadly let down again.  Are these two places owned by the same person? They certainly have a similar opinion on what reasonable prices are.....  AGAIN - I understand that its a cute little boutique with retro candy and that it's supposed to be this ultra trendy "NEW" place, but....cheese and rice!  $2.50 for ONE piece of candy smaller than my palm???  Really? Is it flecked in gold? I didn't think so.  Tasty, sure, but.... Treats shouldn't come at such a high price.  Maybe they make them expensive so you don't buy a ton and ruin your dinner...I dunno, but.  They don't even have a decent selection of Jelly Belly Jelly Beans - which (unfortunately for them) is how I rate my candy stores.  Most of the candy is some sort of taffy or chewy something - what about all the hard candies??The silver lining? Funny and random little things to buy like a Gandhi pen, miniature farm animals, candy cigarettes, and craft sets.  At least there was something to keep me entertained while my friend shopped for the few pieces of candy she was willing to pay for.
5	Well done! I love a good store with a niche, and this one has it all! It's fun, it has a great design and the merchandise is more than the average! The colors of the decor, signage and displays is playful and whimsical. The candies and novelties are awesome and the mix of old and new are perfect! I stumbled upon Smeeks on Yelp, just before a New Year's trip to Phoenix. Traveling with a toddler, you have to be able to find the fun for them too. New Year's was quite different with a little one, so we chose to road trip to AZ and see what there was waiting for us there. I looked up stores, since I am a retail junkie. I have worked in specialty retail for over 20 years (not giving away my age too much) and this little gem was a good find! Smeeks has old-fashioned candies, sodas and many novelties to share with kids of any age! I loved it! They host birthday parties, offer party favor options that are out of the norm and they even have a photo booth in the store! It's a fun and exciting shop! Check it out if you haven't been! There are also two other cool stores next door. Frances is a women's men's and children's store that carries shoes, jewelry, bath and body products, gifts, toys and clothing. It is owned by the same owner as Smeeks and it is also a great store! Stinkweed's is next door too. It's a record store with a lot of soul!
5	Smeeks is AMAZING!!  Not only is it the best candy shop, it's also the best event venue!  We hosted a bridal shower there on Saturday night and it was PERFECT!  Brendan and the rest of the team are awesome to work with!
4	This place is decked out.  They did a great job creating that old fashioned candy shop that kids love.  Our daughter's treat is to go to Smeeks to pick out a few things to satisfy her sweet tooth!  It is a great place to find something for yourself as well - my pick would be the toffee.  They carry a few brands and it a bit pricey but worth the splurge.  I would love to someday host a kids birthday party at this location.They are a bit pricey, but otherwise we love it! Be sure to check into Stinkweeds and Frances while you are there as well.. to complete  your trifecta experience!
4	This place is so cool. Its kooky and nutty. Even better, it has a nice bathroom (convenient when you are up here on Saturday for the Short Leash, Stinkweeds, Hula Hoop extravaganza). Got my mom Skybars here, btw: Skybars suck ass!So much cool candy and kitschy stuff!
4	If you like candy/novelty stores, and you also like showing your friends how much cooler you are than the rest of them, Smeeks is gonna be heaven for you.Call me a snob, but they just don't make American chocolate like they used to. Grab a CANADIAN Kit Kat, along with some other chocolate bars from our neighbors to the north. Aerated candy bars need to be the next craze here. As for other candies, take a look at all of the retro stuff. Nothing but old school sweets.You can even wash that down with a refreshing drink. I got the lemonade...or, the Le-MAINE-ade, sweetened with pure maple syrup.If you want shiny toys for a kid, you can find perfect gifts here. Give 'em something like a kaleidoscope. Little ones still think those are cool, right? One funny observation: All the mustaches. :-p
4	Fun candy/toy shop! You can find tons of childhood faves in there as well as great conversation pieces.
5	Yowza!!!  How have I not been in this shop til now?!  From the moment I walked through the door I was cracking up.It's totally a novelty/nostalgia lovers paradise.  For starters, they have tons of candies (old school and new and even some local). I felt like a kid in a candy store...wait, I WAS a kid in a candy store! Along the wall I found magnets.  Tons of magnets, all of which had something clever or hilarious on them.  There was the "Grow Up To Be Gay" magnet set, a magnet of the early 90's hunks A.C. Slater and Zach Morris (Saved By The Bell...duh), there were magnets with cupcakes and Einstein and everything in between.  Next, I moved to the little cupcake section, where I found cupcake flavored chapstick and toothpaste and wrapping paper covered in happy little sweets.  Then came the bacon spot.  Bacon flavored candies, a bacon wallet, bacon wrapping paper, bandages, candy bacon necklace, a "funky fresh" bacon scented air freshener for the car!  I'll give you a moment to collect yourself...Next we move on to the mustachery. Finger staches, different celebrity staches to stick on your face, pink ones and skinny John Waters-esque staches. There were even ones to put on your drink, say at a party, to make sure you know which bev is yours.  Love it!I couldn't believe my eyes at all the greatness....novelty ice cube trays, party favors, sparklers, accent sprays (like for your mouth...for a "gay" or Irish accent lolz).  They even have a photo booth in the store, just in case you weren't having enough fun looking at all the wares!  The dude at the counter was super nice:)Smeeks, we shall reunite soon!
5	SMEEEKS! I do love this place. It's a great place to find fun knick-knack toys and it has lots of fun candy to choose from. It's great because a lot of the candy is more old fashioned - it feels like you're in an old-school candy store.The staff is nice and they always have lots of sodas to choose from to go along with your candy.They are a little more expensive than going to walmart to pick up some candy, but they are a local store! I  love to support local and recommend you do too!
5	Vintage sodas sold by bottle, all of your grandmother's favorite childhood candy, an abundance of gag gifts and novelty items... you just can't dislike this place. Each time I'm in, I spend a good hour just perusing the countless Fred & Friends products and debating whether or not I should buy the stick-on-mustaches or 10 of the Chinese finger traps. But, let's be honest here. I mostly go for the photo booth. By far the best photo booth in town... good quality pictures (not cheap like the ones inside the mall) and they have little masks, glasses, and mustaches-on-a-stick you can use in case you're tired of flashing the peace sign or making that horrendous duck face.Soda. Candy. Toys. Photo booth. Don't kid yourself. You're never too old for that ish.
5	Smeeks!! In little cupcake section, I saw cupcake flavored chapstick and toothpaste and wrapping paper covered in child sweets.  I must say something about The bacon spot.  Bacon flavored candies, a bacon wallet, bacon wrapping paper, bandages, candy bacon necklace candy, rare sodas, and just random toys & all good stuff. Really nice shop for candy and charming place for your children too.Candy bacon necklace candy is my first choice.I really really !! fan of this place. I love to be there.
4	Great local candy shop that has lots of old favorites!Whenever I'm bored, I find myself perusing Smeeks, snacking on the free delicious taffy given out at the entrance of the store. I also love love love that Smeeks offers fun goodies and off the wall knick knacks, but careful- they can get $$. Great place to spend 30 minutes or so!
4	Home of the quirky, and unusual candies, we stepped into Smeeks as we were browsing through the Union section of the Biltmore.  The space is small, but they can pack in a lot of sweets in this store, as well as novelty items.  Hard, soft, chewy, candies, international sweets (Including British chocolates), in all shapes and sizes are here.  There is a wall of magnets on one of the walls where you can snicker at some of the funny and cute designs.  My friend couldn't resist and got a "Pooquito" magnet for her sister.  They also have salt water taffy, sold individually or in bulk.
3	Smeeks moved, it is in Arcadia now. Which totally blows but is probably better for them.I can only imagine the number of bleached out douchebagettes that are 'discovering' it now...tear from me for anything arcadian (wannabe scottsdale, which is so sad since snottsdale is such a haven for wannabe millionaires).
3	I'm not trying to be a grinch here, and I really wanted to like this place a lot, but it just wasn't what I was looking for. It's been moved into "The Union" in the Biltmore, and it's itty bitty. It's definitely charming, but a lot of their products are just silly (fuzzy pink stick-on mustaches for girls...like, what?) and not really vintage. I also hoped for a bulk-bin selection, so I was a little disappointed by that. No gummy coke bottles for me, but they did have bulk saltwater taffy and candy sticks in a good variety of flavors. I left without buying anything, because I just wasn't feelin' it.Sorry dudes, maybe I'll go back another time and see what awaits.
2	We traveled from our hotel about 25 minutes to get to Smeeks. I wouldn't recommend going out of your way to go there. It was small and not worth the drive at all. The candy was extremely over priced (14$ a pound!) The novelty items were cute but again, over priced. The store was a little hard to find too. It was in the mall and then inside a section called the union. If you are in the area it is a cute stop, but not worth a drive.
5	Found the mexican wrestler bottle opener that we have looked everywhere for.  The bacon caramel was so yummy
4	Smeeks is a cool little candy and nick-nack shop in The Union at Biltmore.We ended up here looking for random gifts to hand out, and left with a couple boxes of assorted taffy. The shop, like all others at The Union is rather small, just large enough to fit 5 or 6 customers. They've got limited space to work with, but fill it with some really great, fun, and throwback candy selections. I wanted to play with half the stuff in the shop, but my wallet didn't want to go home with anything else this particular day. The adults will all come running, after you stop in for candies, treats, and sweets; they've got some goodies you don't normally see most anywhere else. (Insert your own crude joke about a dark van, random middle aged adults grabbing after your taffy, and/or walking dogs here). I'm scared if I write one myself, I might just get shunned from the inner circle of humanity. ;-)Happy Yelping Phoenix - and please, don't go up to random vans with strangers handing out assorted taffy!
3	Honey, I shrunk the candy shop!Back when Smeeks was at Central and Camelback, it offered a large selection of retro candies and unusual handmade candies, along with novelties. The store in The Union at Biltmore is still utterly adorable, but it's less than half the size, and it's more a novelty store than a candy store. It's also probably closer to a 5-star experience on one's very first visit, when the sheer exuberance of the place is delightful.Retro candies are on the small back wall and include candy bars I don't recall seeing at the candy store on Mill Avenue. Retro is where the action is here, possibly because it goes with the retro charm of many of the novelties.There are bins of taffy. There is a wall display of manufactured candies and then the tables have a few artisanal items of the marshmallow, caramel, and candy bark varieties. The suppliers may rotate, as the chi-chi caramels I tried and liked in June did not appear to be the same chi-chi caramels offered in December, though both brands had a spicy chile version (which you, too, should try).There's been a good deal of Archie McPhee catalog action to stock the novelty section, including embrace of the current trend for fixating on mustaches. Now that the Green Parrot is a dead parrot, this is the only place I know in Phoenix to buy any frivolities of this ilk, so I wish they'd go for the full McPhee and stock the action figures and bacon products.If you think of this as a frivolous little gift shop amidst the high consumerism of Biltmore Fashion Park, it works quite well. If you'd be happy to find any sort of retro candy, it's still #1, thanks to slippage among its rivals. If you're looking for a large variety of candies like the shop used to have, be prepared for a bit of frustration.
3	GONE. I went to Union today and there was no Smeeks to be seen.It seems that when shops secede from Union, they also post no future address (lots of "coming soon" signs on empty booths today), so I don't even know.
