2	I usually wait to review a restaurant until I have visited at least two, if not three times. The major exception to this rule is if I don't plan to visit again.I gave them two instead of one star because I had been suffering from stomach flu for a week, and mistakenly chose this restaurant to break my fast. What I'm saying is that they might have good stuff, but I won't be going back to find out.I ordered the five tacos, a good deal at $4.95 I think. Unfortunately, they were deep fried taquitos, not traditional Mexican tacos. I liked the cheese, guac, and lettuce that was piled high, but unfortunately I didn't like what it was piled on top of.
4	This is a great place, with a lot of good choices. You will deifnately get your fill here for your money. I think the previous reviewer got the rolled tacos, and they have traditional tacos as well which I have gotten a few times. Their shrimp burrito is very tasty and has a lot of flavors going on. Its always busy, which is a good sign.... I would opt for take out, because they are rather small.
4	Good food. A little pricey for what you get, but definitely better than taco bell.
4	I had the shrimp burrito this evening and it was top notch. My first time here, so I ordered a few items just to see. Their salsa was fresh and the portion sizes were generous. I also ordered the 2 soft taco combination with carnitas and carne asada. Both soft tacos were excellent. The staff was friendly and I was more than happy with my food. I will definitely be returning for more now that I'm hooked on the shrimp burrito!
5	Originally, I am from San Diego and so I know some really fantastic Baja style Mexican food when I taste it (not just see it).  Now, I know that I now live in the Sonoran Mexican food area and I won't find my beloved Baja style easily in this state.  But, let me just say this...after trying about 10 places around Phoenix, I have finally found a place that is almost as delicious as SD style food!  Their Machaca burritos actually have scrambled egg mixed in just like back home and it isn't as greasy as Sonoran style.  I've also tried their chicken taquitos and they use white meat, which is delicious.  Their salsa bar has some of the best salsa I've tried around here...it isn't as chunky as Baja style salsa, but it tastes a lot better than some of the runny stuff I've had at places such as Popo's in Phoenix.  And what was that?!  Yep!  They have one of my all-time favs from back home...hot carrots!  Not only do they have them, but they taste almost exactly the same way they do in San Diego.  Okay okay, so I kept talking about food in San Diego...but honestly, it took my husband and I 5 years of living here to finally locate a place that has delicious and authentic food that is both Baja style and Sonoran style.  Love it!  Thank you Senor Taco for being here.  No, seriously.
4	While visiting the area I found Senor Tacos on yelp and decided to give it a go. Super yummy Mexican food in a setting comparitive to Rubios or Baja Fresh. Big menu, lots of choices at a reasonable price.The salsa bar is yummy and while not huge, full of authentic taste! Great spot for a quick meal, or a cheap date!
3	Yummy food, great price, mediocre service. :) Like the salsa bar.
3	Service is hit and miss (usually miss). Rolled tacos are the same...once in awhile they get to me soggy, falling apart and generally inedible. Surf N Turf burrito is interesting, delicious and the only thing saving the joint from a 1 or 2 star review. =(Duplicate this review for the location at Indian School and Dysart.
1	I have  been going here for about a year and have had only a few bad experiences, such as rolled tacos being ice cold in the middle, too much cheeses put on all the dishes, and bad service.The last time I went I got the fish tacos and was sick for the next 2 days. I went online to look up their health inspection and discovered they have failed the last 2 inspections for things not being at the correct temperature and some other major violations, needless to say I will not be back until this is corrected.And for the BIG guy that works the front counter & the drive through...smile..just a little..please. You made me feel so uncomfortable when I ordered my food..I was smiling and asking how your day was and you looked right in my face and did not respond!!
5	Great food!!  Our ol standby
4	So far we have tried this hut 4 times and I have yet to have any issues listed below. I usually order the carne asada either in a burro or on chips and they are usually the best around here in the great Goodyear tire.Wife has had shredded beef Tacos, surf and turf, or the super fries. I suggest ordering it without the salsa fresca and just using their red sauce because it makes it better.Food has always been hot, and a reasonable value and I have not had any issues with service so far. Food has not made me sick, but then again I have eaten around the world and I believe I'm fairly immune to the taco bug.Check this hot spot out, I think it's worth it.
5	We have been going to Senor Taco for a while now, and never a bad experience. I nearly always order a cheese quesadilla and rolled tacos, and they are wonderful. The tacos are either chicken or beef, and are delicious either way. They come with a generous topping of tasty guac and cheese. I usually end up scooping the extra guac with my quesadilla, which is amazing. I don't know what they put in there, but it's absolutely my favorite part of the meal. And all of that for a little over five bucks. Yummy!
2	Normally I love Senor Taco but this weekend I went in and got food for my three kids and two adults. First they refused to sell me an extra kids drink. Ok, fair enough. Then they made a mistake on my order, corrected it and asked for my card to charge me an extra dollar. To me, that's just bad customer service. Will def think twice about taking my family there next time.
4	I love the shrimp burrito,best one I have had so far..also the rolled fish tacos are the bomb....worth the money cause its good and you get alot mmmmmm mmmmm
3	One item brings us back... Carne Asada fries, no one else in AZ makes Carne Asada fries that I know of (San Diego Mexican food staple) This place has them and plenty of them, good for 2 or more people.  Also the burritos and flautas (rolled tacos) are good. Good place for fast Mexican food.
4	I came here on my visit to Arizona and it was recommended to me by a family member. It was quite an interesting little place. I had their breakfast burrito with chips inside, carne asada fries, and a fish taco. I enjoyed the breakfast burrito very much, and for a little kick, they added chips inside the burrito for some much needed crunch. It had to right blend of textures in this dish with the standard delicious breakfast burrito taste. However, their carne asada fries was the real star of the meal. I've had many carne asada fries and I would say without a doubt that this was the best. The steak had such a good texture and a wonderful flavor, and the fries were not over cooked or under cooked, and they held up to the moisture of the dish pretty well. The reason I give it a 4 star instead of a 5 star was their fish taco. It had all the right flavors, but it did not come out crunchy at all. It was a disappointing moment because I love fish tacos.P.S. You must try their red salsas. The mild one has a very bold flavor that makes it addicting with a nice kick of spice. If you want a more spicy version, just up for their spicy red sauce. You can feel the burn of that one in your mouth for a while.
3	This location is okay but not as good as the one in Litchfield Park (gets 4 stars). I live half-way between both of them and depending where my errands are at in Goodyear/Avondale I end up at the two different ones. I have eaten their food at least 20 times:-Rolled chicken taco special-Chile Verde-Carnitas (way better at Litchfield)-Chorizo burrito-Carne Asada Fries-EnchiladasIt is my understanding this location on Estrella is run by the son of one of the Partners. He needs to be in his store more! Depending who is on shift, the food quality varies so widely. And the heavy set dude at night on the drive-thru needs to quit if he is so unhappy. They need to take notice because the Ramiro's down the street has new management and they have greatly improved and will give this location a run for it's money.
3	I love the food because it reminds me of how I make my own tacos at home. The fresh chips and salsa bar is also a plus. The problem is that the prices a way to high for what is offered. If i wanted to pay that much for a taco platter I would go to a true sit down restaurant. This place is good for fast Mexican Restaurant style take out, but its too expensive to be an alternative to Taco Bell or Del Taco.
5	Wow !We had 'baked' at Nascar all afternoon and were on our way to the East Valley - in 'snail' traffic when the teenagers said they were hungry.The restaurant was in a tiny mall with a Subway and a pizza place.  We chose Senior TacoI ordered the special of 5 rolled tacos/drink and was really impressed with the moist chicken in the crunchy tacos and so much guacamole (no extra charge !) really fresh lettuce and grated cheese.Another Nascar 'nut' had a chicken burrito and it was stuffed with meat, another had a combo plate that looked really good, and the boys had tacos.  They managed to find samples of cinnamon topped chips that had them trotting back and forth while our food was being prepared.We had taken a chance on this little place and were very happy to be eating great fresh food while we watched the slow traffic pass by !The bathroom was very clean and smelled great - very nice after a day at PIR !We'll be back in November and encourage other race fans to join us in their 'fan apparel' :)
1	Food is decent, customer service is terrible. This time I was overcharged by $3 for a la carte items that should have been a special combo. When I brought it to the cashier's attention her response was essentially "tough". They have officially lost my business.
4	carne asada fries! fully loaded nachos! the grande breakfast burrito! these are the awesome things we get and split between myself, the husband, and a 3 and 1 year old. it's more than enough food to satisfy all of our appetites as well as any mexican food craving. i totally dig the salsa as well. it's nice to go somewhere and feed an entire family for around $10...and that includes a delicious horchata.
5	OMG, best nachos I have ever had! Had good service as well. I will be back.
3	Not a bad place.  Kind of reminds me of a Baja Fresh but with a lot more food.  I'm still searching for the perfect TexMex.  This place definitely wasn't it but my fish tacos were fresh and tasty.  That's A-OK by me!
3	Three stars because it's not good or bad. Pretty standard.  Getting our food the Saturday we were there took longer than I would have liked, but no real complaints.
3	My girlfriend insisted we come and eat here for breakfast.  There was nothing overly terrible about it, but it just didn't wow  me the way I am used to taco stands home in Texas doing.  Usually the decor in these places is forgivable because of the authenticity of the food, but here, I just wasn't feeling it. One plus is that they have a good collection of "aguas".  I wouldn't outright avoid it either though.  The food was more than reasonably priced for what you get.
4	I give this place four stars because sadly, this is the best Mexican place within 20 minutes of our house. The food is actually pretty good. It is the type of restaurant where you order at a counter and get your own drinks, they even have a drive-thru, so I find the prices a bit steep for what you get. If the prices were lower, I would give it 5 stars. Overall, I would recommend it.
5	This was our first time here, used the drive thru. I read other reviews saying it was expensive but I thought we got a lot of food for the price. I just got the carne asada burrito and I couldn't finish it. My boyfriend got a breakfast burrito and my son got the quesadilla kids meal, no complaints!
4	Since arriving in AZ, I've been to about 1/2 a dozen Mexican restaurants. This, by far, has been the best. It was "late" one Friday evening- 8:30pm (well, late for AZ I guess- nothing else in the area was open) and my wife really didn't want to go in. It does have that "kind-of a dive, but not quite a dive" look about it. (Also has a drive-through)We tried the grilled chicken-burrito dinner and it was fantastic! The beans and rice were plentiful and delicious and the Salsa Bar was excellent.  The chicken was fresh and really grilled- not shredded. I would definitely recommend this place. This was the first "non-disappointed" Mexican dinner experience since arriving from Chicago. And they're opened "really late": to 11pm!
4	My favorite spot for a quick vegetarian burrito! Don't forget the salsa & hot carrot bar, yum! This place is always clean, fast and has great food. I wish they had chips with their salsa bar.
5	I live in San Diego, but my best friend lives in Goodyear. I LIVE for this place...I literally count the days until I can go back and have another burrito. My husband and I talk about this place all year round. Breakfast burritos every day while we are in AZ. At least once before we leave a surf & turf burrito. Headed back to AZ tomorrow...you will see me here....a LOT in the next few days! The chipotle sauce. OMG. I could pour it over everything I ever eat for the rest of my life. ****HIGHLY RECOMMEND***
1	We went here three times in the last 6 months, each time hoping it would be better and more like the location on Indian School and Dysart where we had previously visited. It wasn't. I got a combo platter each time and each time parts of the plate were literally unedible. The tamale was overcooked to death. The chile rellano had nothing in it and was dried out. And for over $8, it should be much better than that.The last time my husband complained of an upset stomach that night and next day. We will not return to this location.
4	The food has always been good, but not the cleanest taco shop we've been to.  You're taking a gamble when you order any fish, but you will anywhere that serves seafood in Arizona.
5	Can't go wrong with senor taco. This place is great. Haven't had one bad thing. Try the carnitas burrito, or fish tacos....yum.
5	Excellent tortas and breakfast burritos!  The chile verde burrito is pretty tasty too!
1	The good food is ABSOLUTELY destroyed by then CONSTANT WAIT!!  I've never been through the drive-thru where I haven't had to turn off my car and wait for up to 20 minutes to get to the window.  The sweet stuff is always kind and helpful, but you can tell they do not want to pay the money to stuff it appropriately. Which makes me choose not to go there when I need fast service, unfortunately.
5	My whole family adores this placeThe shrimp taco and shrimp diablo burritos are amazing. The carne fries are fantastic and I love their fresh red salsa People complain about the wait but it's worth it. A quick drive up the hill home and this is a quick and delicious answer to a fast family dinner!
4	Arrived into town looking for an authentic restaurant versus some of the chains. My wife and I were extremely pleased with the horchata and the delicious carne asada tacos. Serve it yourself salsas make this extremely enjoyable also. Guacamole comes standard on the tacos which drives up the price slightly.
4	I had the opportunity to stop by the restaurant for the second time during my stay in the area. I stuck it out with my usual crane asada tacos, grabbed a couple churros and a cheese quesadilla. Having this order a second time, the tacos are larger than what I saw in Pasadena and are worth every penny, especially with the guacamole included in the price. The only downside was with my late visit this time around they had run out of green salsa for the day. This was at 11:15PM at night.The churros were a sweet bonus and I may have missed the description on the menu but they were filled with Carmel inside. These tasted so much better than the ones I had at Redondo Beach two days prior. The quesadilla was as expected and par for the course.All in all, this is a restaurant that's a great value for traditional versus Tex-Mex. This is especially the case considering this meal will cost only 60% compared to the chains. Don't be fooled however, the wait in the drive thru is equally long compared to ordering inside. And missing out on the salsa bar makes it worth the walk inside.
3	This is my go to fast food mexican joint when I'm in the mood for something more authentic than Taco Bell. My only gripe about this place is that they have the standard refried beans from a can that most Mexican restaurants have. I had some authentic, homemade refried beans once and now I'm totally spoiled. Anything else just leaves me disappointed.
5	One of my favorite restaurants..love the California burrito and surfin California. Huge burritos can never finish them.
1	Decent food, TERRIBLE SERVICE! I sat in my car waiting on drive thru for 30 min and never received my food. I was second in line and so myself and the 6 other cars behind me all left. Also, be aware of possibly getting the stomach flu or food poisoning...it happened to myself and a buddy of mine. Not sure if it was an ingredient in the food or improperly cooked. Who knows? Eat at your own risk. But will I come back? Ehh Maybe.
5	Been here twice - the best Mexican in the valley by far - wish it wasn't so far away!  Fish and shrimp tacos - fantastic!  Green chili burrito is the best!!!
4	I love this place; very fast service, delicious food and great prices! However, I subtracted a star because some of the booths are tore up and they need to learn to clean the tables faster.
2	Stopped by on my way to work to get something to eat for dinner on Cinco de Mayo.  I was extremely disappointed.  My food was cold when I got it - the cheese wasn't even melted in my cheese enchiladas.  I had to microwave it for a minute to get it nice and melty.  The beans were good, but only after reheated and the rice was weird.  It had really large chunks of carrots in it, something I've never experienced in all my Mexican food eating.Not sure I will be eating here in the future.
5	The California Surfin' burrito is something I always get when I go there. Their salsa is also very good! Definitely worth having over and over again!
4	This place is right near my mother in laws house, so it's very convenient to go to when I visit her or drop the kids off for babysitting. The food is always fresh and delicious, much like you get in a home kitchen. Their carne asada burrito is very tender unlike most of the other big chains. I also frequently enjoy their shrimp burrito which is very fresh and the shrimp are never overcooked. They have a pretty fast drive thru and their horchata is the best!
2	my dad & his wife wanted 2 go 2 this place 4 dinner so i took them. they seems 2 rave about this place but i wasnt impressed at all. my dad & i both had 2 fish rolled up tacos & a shrimp burrito. i like my fish tacos better grilled & in a soft corn shell, not fried. the shrimp burrito didnt have that much flavor 2 it. it was just 2 much tortilla & i dont like that at all. my dads wife had some beef tacos & she seemed 2 like them. ive  definitely had better mexican food than this!
4	Awesome food all around. Sometimes a decent wait even for to go, but the reason the wait exists, is the same reason it's so good.
3	I think its a  little over  priced.anyways besides that the surf n turf burrito is really good.
4	Yummy, price is right and the portions are huge.  Drive thru isn't as fast but worth the wait.
4	This place is ridiculously delicious. I've had many of their menu items and have never been disappointed.  The drive thru is a bit long when crowded, but that's because they're made to order.It's a real restaurant menu with a drive thru so it's not like Taco Bell, it's worth the wait.Horchata-AMAZING!
5	Wah Wah Wah, everyone's a food critic nowadays. Whatever, I think the food is good and if I don't like it, I simply won't return. Why waste your time telling the whole world that your beans were slightly warm or that the cheese wasn't totally melted the way you like. I think people should make their own meals at home if they think they deserve perfection.
2	The food quality is very inconsistent. When it's good it's amazing, but some days it is some of the worst. The meat will be either super old or overcooked and tastes and feels like its burnt to a crisp. I find myself not wanting to go here as much just because I never know if I'm going to spend $20 on amazing or awful. It if was always good they would definitely have more stars. It's sometimes a little pricey and you have to pay for things that most mexican restaurants will give you (like chips and salsa).
4	Last night was the first time I went to Senor Taco.  My other half had been there a number of times and never had a complaint other than the one you constantly read here:  long wait times; especially at the drive-thru.  But apparently, this varies.  Arriving there at 9pm on a Tuesday night, we didn't wait more than ten minutes before our order came out.  Granted, we ordered the daily special, which means it might have been pre-prepared or set up; but there definitely was no wait.As to the variability in the food's quality some reviewers mention, I can only repeat what the other half has said:  the food has been consistently delicious.I think one of the reasons people might have an unjustified complaint about wait times is the perception --- shared by me until arriving yesterday --- that Senor Taco is "fast food"; and of course, you thus expect "fast delivery".  But I take issue with that assessment.  Once you REALLY take a look around, you realize that it's significantly less a fast food place than, say, Taco Bell.  The menu is rather extensive (especially for a "fast food" joint) and everything's individually prepared (hence, the sometimes long wait).  In fact, compared to other Mexican restaurant menus I've looked through, this "fast food" place offers a lot more choices than many established restaurants!  Prices are higher than the typical fast-food joint; but, again, this isn't a fast food restaurant in the true sense of the word.  That misconception most likely contributes to disappointment for those expecting fast food, at cheap prices, served quickly; and surprised approval from those, who realize they're going to get a lot more for their buck than they previously thought.I had the shrimp burrito and 2 fish tacos special.  At under $7 -- and a 12oz beverage was included -- it's a very reasonable deal.  The burrito was HUGE and unlike places like Taco Bell, there was a very favorable distribution of meat to rice in the wrap-up (Taco Bell tends to serve a LOT less meat and fill the rest up with copious amounts of rice and/or beans).  The taste of the shrimp burrito was also very good; and I'm no burrito fan.Service was fast and very friendly.  Possibly the only complaint I have is that this is not the type of food I could eat on anything like a regular basis (and only let myself go there yesterday, because I had done a double treadmilling at the gym that day and was treating myself).As far as I'm concerned, this "fast food" restaurant can hold its own against more established sit-down restaurants with extensive menu selections, which  -- from what I've seen -- still don't beat this place for the variety of plates offered and the low prices.  The only negative, as far as I'm concerned, is the blaring TV and music ... but show me a Mexican restaurant, which DOESN'T share that affliction?Open til 11pm, Senor Taco also offers lots of good food at good prices, without having to rush over there when you don't want to eat, because most restaurants in the Valley close at 8 or 9pm during the week.When I go out for Mexican food now and again, it's usually for fish (for reasons of health).  Should I decide at any given time to have some other kind of Mexican food, I see no reason to drive through the Valley looking for anything better unless it's simply a matter of trying something new.  Senor Taco is more than capable of meeting your Mexican food cravings and doing it at a price that won't have you taking out a second mortgage on the house.
4	Drive thru is a wait but my fault since I don't want to go in. Prices are kinda up but I am too lazy to cook myself. Heh, I guess I am not the only regular. Both cars in front and behind turned off their engines... Glad they are here on my lazy days!!!! Thanks!
1	Gross. Another desperate attempt to eat after waiting too long. A friend told me this place is good. He must secretly hate me. This place is a joke. They should close their doors. Carnitas burrito was literally dried up nasty chopped pork with zero flavor. Zippy. Nada. It was an oversized tortilla with pork and a tiniest little bit of guacamole and like maybe a piece of a tomato. WTF are you selling as a burrito. There's a sign that says the "wait is worth it". This is what is defined as a bold faced lie. Fuck this place, DO NOT EAT HERE. It really can't be any worse. Well I guess it could.
4	Great food. Vast menu. Good salsa bar. Friendly. Huevos Rancheros and Breakfast Burritos are delicious. Flour tortillas are amazing.
