3	I would've loved to have given Carrot Top 4 stars (though in no way did he earn 5...he's funny, but not THAT funny).  Carrot Top seemed a bit off tonight.  Either that's part of the schtick or this truly was the case; I laughed but my side never started hurting.Carrot Top has an opening comedic act which honestly I can't remember the name of...the act wasn't that funny (2 stars).  He set Carrot Top up well as anything Carrot Top was going to do was better than the opening act.  This was for the most part true.  Carrot Top comes out with his stand-by: props.  He quickly runs through these and you get a lot of laughs that are timely as well as many of the stuff he's done before on TV.  After about twenty minutes of this, the props stop for the most part.  He still performs a lot of physical comedy, but he does more of a stand-up routine akin to Leno or Letterman.  Still funny, but the props were funnier.As a member of HouseSeatsLV, we got these tickets.  The show was for the most part full but it was hard to say who got tickets and who truly wanted to be there...not everyone was laughing.  This, along with Carrot Top noticing, made the show funnier.  Even when Carrot Top wasn't hitting the jokes, you were still having a good time.  It started to wane towards the end, but everything up to that point made up for it (somewhat).This show is show in the Atrium Showroom (same theater for Ronn Lucas, Fantasy and Three Redneck Tenors), which is a steep ampitheater that gives even the worst seat a decent view of the show.  We were in the 3rd row from the top and could still see quite well.  Ticket pricing ranges from 45-75 with taxes and fees, these seats being the cheapest price.If you can score a discount thru Tickets4Tonite or get free tickets (comped or through a locals service), check this show out.  If you like physical comedy (like Gallagher), check this out.  If you like Carrot Top, check it out.   If you don't like any of this, it's pretty simple: Don't see Carrot Top.
5	Absolutely Hilarious!!!!I went to his show June 19th and I'm so happy I did.  I've always been a fan of Carrot Tops and have wanted to catch his show every time I'm in Vegas.  This last trip I just went for it.  Not only was his performance a great laugh (almost constant) but his opener, Charlie "something", was pretty good.  Before the show even started they were playing video clips like you'd see on America's Funniest Videos.  During the clips as we were laughing so much we were crying I turned to my friend and said, "if we're laughing this hard during video clips what are we going to do when he comes out?!".All in all, I love Carrot Top and would absolutely go see his show again.  I'm heading back to Vegas around Halloween and have every intension on his show being on my itinerary.   So if you're in Las Vegas and looking for a good laugh I would highly suggest going to see Carrot Top's show.  It's pretty affordable and the theater isn't huge so even if you're sitting in the back you pretty much have decent seats and see everything including him making his goofy faces.
4	I wasn't sure what to expect at this show, but it turns out Carrot Top is one funny muthaf*cker!  He definitely had me and my husband laughing a whole lot....and that's even with us being sober unlike many people in the audience!  Well, I was sober, anyway!  lol  ; )The theater was nice and small so everyone had a great seat and the tickets weren't bad at all...only like $55 a piece.It was a fun show with lots of laughs....I would recommend checking it out!
5	Carrot Top has gotten such a bad rap over the years for those stupid 1-800-COLLECT commercials that no one believes he can carry a show and be HILARIOUS at the same time.  He may look all roided out, but there is genius inside that scary-ass head of his.I've seen him at a County Fair AND twice in Vegas and he kills EVERY TIME.  People in the audience who don't laugh are, quite simply, not intelligent enough to understand subtle humor and/or are totally out of touch with popular culture.I'm writing this while on a business trip in Twin Falls, ID, and this state has officially sucked all life and enthusiam out of me at the moment.  Just trust me...you won't be disappointed in this show.Be sure you get your tickets at Tix 4 Tonite for a good discount!
4	My friend said to go to his show when in vegas, so I made sure to buy tickets once I arrived in town. Carrot top is one funny dude, he was pretty much on for 90 mins straight with good material and  entertaining props.  I actually thought he was funnier just doing his little monologue. Tickets were about $55 each which is pretty cheap for vegas standards. I hope he is in town next time we go to vegas, I would see his show again, heeheehee celery head you have some funny.
5	Move over Lindsay, Carrot's the original fire crotch. Dude is fcking hallarious. I love that he overdoses on steroids and botox. Usually funny dudes are ugly. Carrot Top is superficial-riffic.
3	I caught Carrot Top last year when I got tickets from a client.  Not necessarily my pick, but I remembered seeing him on TV and thought it could be a good time.I absolutely agree with Jason L about the vibe.  If the audience is into it, Carrot Top totally feeds off of it and brings the level of the show up a notch.  My audience wasn't quite sure what to make of him at the beginning, and it was like he was pulling teeth to get a laugh out of the crowd.  But once people started loosening up a little, the laughs started to flow and he really got into it.I'll admit that I didn't have too many belly laughs during the show.  Perhaps not quite my style of humor.  But I definitely did a lot of chuckling and grinning.  CT still has a lot of great prop humor and his look and energy are half the fun of the show.RECOMMENDATION:  Grab a few drinks at the bar before the show to loosen up.  The potty humor and crass jokes only get funnier that way!
4	LOL. He doesn't stop ever. He gages the audience and works with all the props and ideas and the sound guy. He was also recent. Used great jokes about the white house and was awesome. I can't personally stand the way he looks. But i got over it. The guy had me and my friends in stitches. The only thing that sort of sucked is this "Has anyone ever been off the strip? Have you seen the locals? Aparently not having a full set of teeth isn't the standard"Ok-- atleast Ronn Lucas said it was people from henderson. the group of us from here made comments about it after the show. But f- it. We were all touritsts at one point wondering the same thing.
4	K.T!Wasn't expecting much but laughed the whole way through. His raunchy skits, which was basically the whole show, were hilarious. Is it just me but does this guy have a odd facination with the male genitalia???It is true that if he's feeling the crowd that he really works his stuff. The Saturday night I went, the crowd was lovin' him so he gave us a great show.He just has to stop promoting Criss Angel's "Believe" show. I think during the whole 1.5 hours he mentioned it llike 5 times. Sorry but I'm not going to watch it.Tickets are pretty cheap (we paid less than $140 for a pair and sat in the 2nd row) and well worth it.
5	My girlfriend and I never really heard anything good about this show, until we went to see it.  We went on a Monday night and there wasn't an empty seat in the house.  C.T. was super creative with his jokes and suprisingly current.  Would definitely recommend this show!
5	When I told my friends and coworkers that I had tickets to Carrot Top more than a few people gave me funny looks. I heard murmurs of "lame" and saw a couple of raised eyebrows. What can I say? THEIR LOSS!!!! Went to Carrot Top on a Saturday night. Sat in the front row. Had a blast! This guy was so funny and over the top. I would definitely see his show again. The best part is his music montage at the end. The people who left a few minutes early to "beat the rush" are idiots. I plan on rubbing it in to all my non believer friends just how awesome this show is.
5	OMG..I was surprised. I didn't want to go see Carrot Top - I thought he was cheesy and I was forced into it.  I am soo glad I went. He was awesome! We had great seats in the center second row. His props were amazing and his energy is so frenetic and hysterical. His humor is a little raunchy, but I was cracking up. He had the Las Vegas tourist jokes sprinkled in too. I loved his ending musical number. We saw him the first night, and everytime I experienced something in his set that he made fun of, I would remember his jokes and laugh again. Great show!!! No longer a skeptic but a HUGE fan!
5	OMG!!  My ribs were killing me during this performance!!  If you've heard about this show, whether it was good or bad,  it's a must see!!  I can't say it any better than ALL the previous reviews here.  He is absolutely hilarious, a little raunchy, but definitely feeds off the crowds response!  Don't leave Vegas without seeing this show!  You won't regret it, trust me!!  Oh and about Chris Angel...you might want to check out his reviews first...I ended up changing my 3 tickets last minute for Carrot Top, and it was cheaper to see this show!!  Well worth it!!  Thank you Yelpers!!!
5	Saw the show last saturday at Luxor.  The guy is really funny, beginning and end were great, middle is a little slow but when isn't it.  Props were great, but it doesn't make up his whole show, which is why I enjoyed it so much.  Since when did carrot top look like the terminator?  He's jacked.
5	A MUST-SEE! He is absolutely hilarious. Was planning on watching Criss Angel, but opted out for this and it was a great decision. I was laughing practially 90% of the time. Granted, there were some slow parts, but it was def an overall hit. Great, great, great show for the money.Check out Tix4Tonight for his tickets, they're really cheap (relatively speaking) and there really is no bad seat in the theatre (bc it's pretty small, which is a good thing!)
5	wow...i havent laughed this hard in a long time!!i have to admit, i always thought carrot top was obnoxious and would never have thought of seeing his show. my fiance always said how funny he was and i was like "yeah right!" then we saw him do a comedy piece on a late night talk show and he was so freaking funny! i thought to myself - i would definitely see his show!well we were in las vegas for a chill weekend by the pool and no set plans. we decided to check out carrot top and i'm sooo glad we did. he is a genius!! we seriously laughed almost the entire 90 minute show. the whole show was great from beginning to end, even the opening act comedian was awesome. i would definitely recommend this show to anyone looking for a fun time =) this wont be the last time i see his show!
5	In light of my negative opinions of Cirque du Soleil's KA (see review) and my glowing reviews of Carrot Top's show, I'm afraid I'll be viewed as a totally juvenile borderline re-re woman... oh well! The world needs to know about this show!This is an awesome, totally underrated comedy show. Carrot top's comedy has matured and is very clever. The entire audience was laughing the entire time. I have never laughed this hard! He still uses the props, which are hilarious, but he does other things too which make the show SO damn funny. I highly recommend this show!
5	We saw him Oct 6th at the Luxor,  great show.  Loved the props, he did so many, any other comedian would have used less props and did the act slower, Carrot was great.  He was on for the full 90 minutes.  Loved the Rosie O'Donnell reference and the indoor snowstorm.  We got $72 tickets for $39 that day at tickets4tonight, 6th row center from the stage, we didn't get our seat assignments until 2 hours before the show.
5	Last night's Carrot Top show had to be the most hilarious comedy performance I've attended in many years.  I never thought I was a fan of his until last night.  Some of his stage props are goofy and some just left me puzzled, but most of them were just downright funny.  He made good use of the video board behind him to accentuate a number of his jokes and the sound props were all right on.As expected there were jokes and props about sleeping pilots, Tiger Woods and the big rodeo happening right now in Vegas.  Whenever a string of jokes failed Carrot Top went right back to the cock ring jokes to reel the crowd back in.  If you have two hours to spare check out Carrot Top's show at the Luxor.  The show is dark on Tuesdays so if that's the case stand in front of a mirror and make fun of yourself.  It seems like that approach has worked for Carrot Top.
4	Have seen this show more times than I would like to say as I interned for the Luxor Entertainment department and still have friends that I take to see the show occasionally if I can get hooked up with tickets.Show will be great if the crowd is really into it and gives him good feedback. He is funny and has some great skits... its a shame when the crowd is too prude or too stupid to understand his jokes because they ruin the show for everyone else.Oh and be nice to the staff! They are very friendly and friends of mine.The show gets a knock from me bc I have seen it so many times and over the course of 2 years the show has not changed all that much, minus a few skits changing to keep up with current news. And I really wish he wouldn't let the crowd effect him so much but I'm not on stage and can't imagine how that must feel.My recommendation: Go see this show! Tickets are fair priced and can often be found at the half-price ticket brokers around town. Don't be afraid to laugh if other people are not. Its ok.. he's funny, you don't have to hide it.
4	Carrot Top delivers a fun show if you want something different from another Cirque show like another reviewer had pointed out.I liked that the venue was very cozy, small enough to where you can pretty much see the stage well at almost any given angle, big enough so that it didn't feel claustrophobic.Carrot Top was over the top with the use of his hilarious props. I really liked that he seemed genuinely awed by an 80 year old audience member sitting in the front row laughing at his show. He passed him and another girl celebrating her 21st birthday, shots of Crown!He seems like the type of guy that would just be funny hanging out with.His show was a little raunchy and definitely not for kids but what show in Vegas is really? It was a great value given we paid a little over 100.00 for 2 seats that were fantastic. Mid section just right of the center.I wouldn't see it again unless it was free but that's mainly because there are other shows I would rather pay for. I would highly recommend it though.
5	Everyone gave me a strange look when I told them I was going to see Carrot Top in Vegas. The tix were cheap so I thought I'd give it a shot. He was freaking hilarious! Probably one of the best comedy shows I've ever seen. You'd think the prop stuff would get old after a while but it just gets funnier.The stage is small enough that there really is not a bad seat in the house.
5	Honestly, this is the best comedy show I've ever seen.Like others, I was skeptical about watching a Carrot Top Show (I grew up in the 80s and just thought he was a washed-out comedian).  However, it was the only show that was within our price range and my boyfriend was worried that other comedians would be too "raunchy" for us to sit through with his mom.  However, to our surprise, the show was awesome!  Carrot Top was absolutely hilarious.  His props were hysterical and he had tons of energy from start to finish.  We were all laughing non-stop. Since the show, I have this new love and respect for Carrot Top.  I now have this soft spot for him where I feel like I need to tell everyone how great he is and if anyone says anything bad about him, I gotta defend him like he's family.
5	WOW, ONE OF THE BEST SHOWS I'VE EVER SEEN.  Opening act was OK, but short as well.  When the top arrived it was fast paced, very energetic, very topical.  He was having a great night it seemed.  The sounds, lights, music, video...all on point.  Very small venue so everyone has a great seat.  Great performer to audience interaction.  SUPER CHEAP TICKETS for a great great show.  I could see him again in 3 months, because he is so topical his show is always changing.  From Micheal Jackson, the Tiger Woods, to his part in the hangover movie....doing coke, all awesome.  Worth the price X'2.... Great show KT, see the show and it will make sense.  Thanks for the Birthday shout out in the front row last night.  And, BTW I hate crown royal, but a b-day shot with a fellow going away redhead....CLASSIC.  See the show peps, its a great value and well worth every penny!!!!!
4	For all the shit Carrot Top gets in his career as a comedian, he actually puts on a pretty good show!  Very funny, some current material thrown in, and plenty of video and music to keep the crown entertained.  I got the tickets at one of the Tix4Tonite booths for around $40 each, a bargain by Vegas standards compared to many others.  It was totally worth it, he put on a very good show for close to two hours.  I didn't think I'd like him, but took a chance because of all the high ratings on Yelp.  I'm glad I did!  Don't let any preconceived notions you may have about Carrot Top stop you from seeing this show, it IS funny.Loss of a star however after I checked him out on Youtube and videos from years ago still show him using many of the same props.  He just "repurposes" them for different current events - ultimately it's still funny and it works but loses points in the creativity department.Like everyone else has mentioned, the venue is small enough that anyone can get a good show, and it has great acoustics.  Check this show out!
5	Went to Vegas for my 30th, and after doing research on yelp about shows, saw the great Reviews of CT.  bought tickets and only until a night or two before did I tell the wife and friends where we were going, YES I was embarrassed and they gave me hell.  But it was my birthday so my wife had no choice, I put the night in the hands of CT and Yelp reviews.  Needless to say I couldnt convince the friends into going.GLAD I WENT!  I was laughing non stop the whole show.  I would deffinately not recommend this show if your uptight, CT bashes on everyone, including himself! Would i see again, Hell yes!  (even the wife gave raving reviews to our friends that she wants to take them to see him next time)Sat in second row, paid 65 each ticket,and you would think the first row would be the worst, but some get to have Crown Royal.
5	Great show! Carrot top was awesome. We sat in the front row and CT shared a crown royal with me. If you make to Las Vegas I recommend that you see the show.
1	Let me start by saying that my review is in no way a reflection of my opinion of Carrot Top. He's a funny guy and I was very eager to see his show. But the show was cancelled and the Luxor box office WOULD NOT EXCHANGE MY TICKETS.I won tickets to the show on 97.1 (a local radio station for those of you that aren't from around the Vegas Valley.) The tickets specifically stated they were valid up to March 31. Due to a lot going on in my life, I had to wait until the last minute to use them. I checked online to make sure he did shows on Wednesday nights, which is when March 31 fell this year. There was nothing to the contrary on their website. Aside from "Dark Tuesday", it said nothing about cancelled performances/unavailable shows/etc.I went to the Luxor, eager to use my tickets and see this funny man. When I went to the theatre where he performs, the doorman said he was on vacation this week, AND THAT I COULD EXCHANGE THE TICKETS FOR A LATER PERFORMANCE. I understand a guy like Carrot Top needing a vacation - apparently he busts his ass 6 nights a week making people laugh in here. BUT WHY WASN'T THE CANCELLATION OF HIS PERFORMANCE MENTIONED ON THE WEBSITE!?I went over to the box office and told them of the situation, and what the doorman had told me. The woman working the box office said THAT WAS FINE, and THAT SHE COULD EXCHANGE THE TICKETS. She even asked me what later performance I would like to attend, to which I responded a show next week. She then said she just needed to talk to her supervisor about doing it. I waited patiently for 5 minutes for her return. She came back, and I was very much eager to get my tickets for the show. The first words that came out of her mouth were "CAN'T DO IT." She explained to me that they COULD NOT EXCHANGE THE TICKETS. This is AFTER TWO EMPLOYEES TOLD ME IT COULD BE DONE. She also told me the supervisor said I "should have come earlier." I came within the dates the tickets told me to come, and now you're telling me I "should have come earlier" when you DID NOT POST ON THE WEBSITE THAT SHOWS WOULD BE CANCELLED THIS WEEK!? Seriously, fuck you guys. The billboards all up and down the strip promoting the show say that Carrot Top's show is "worth the trip." But now I'm never going to know if it was because the Luxor's box office supervisor is an inconsiderate jerk.Carrot Top, if you're reading this, go perform somewhere where the box office doesn't treat its customers like shit.
5	When I mentioned to my husband I was going to purchase tickets to a comedy show in Vegas he thought it was a great idea, when I said for Carrot Top he had a blank stare. I told him he had great reviews and the tickets are reasonable for a Vegas show. We actually ended up getting our tickets at the tix4tonight booth that same day as the show, so if you are iffy about it get them there for half off. The show was hilarious, some parts were raunchy but overall it wasn't too bad. I think you have to be over 21 to see the show anyhow. The Vegas tourist jokes were right on, I kept hitting my hubby saying "that's me"! He made fun of several current topics, and himself. This was a great show and the value of the tickets was definitely a plus. Also you got the feeling "KT" (you'll get it if you watch the show) is truly appreciative of the audience. A lady in the show had the loudest laugh there and he kept telling her she was awesome. During his drinking bit, he walked over a shot of crown to her and gave her a hug. ( I think he normally shares his shots with people closer to the front of the stage.) That won me over.
5	I have met a lot of people that are initially skeptical of Carrot Top's show, but I have to say it was AMAZING!  I did not stop laughing the whole time.  There is definitely a reason his show has been at the Luxor for so long and doing so well.  He really is worth the money.
5	OMG HE WAS GREAT!The theatre is so small and intimate! No matter where you sit you are very close. I called day of and got a ticket in the center row middle. He was so close i probably could have spit on him from my seat... but why would i do that? The guy is hilarious...Show was decently long, only once did it seem to get a little boring. But he did alot of comedy specifically about the city of vegas and it was dead on!! And of course tons of props! SO FUNNY!For the price, absolutely do it. I dont watch many comedy shows, but i loved this. And even if you are not too sure if you like carrot top... go, and then you will know, you love him.Drinks, i would go have some cocktails before hand. Inside Luxor there are mall shops and an ice bar! Go check one of those out. When you wait out in the lobby you can buy extremely overpriced drinks, in plastic cups because you can not take any glass into the theatre. and once into the theatre there is no bar... and to go back out into the lobby you have to walk down a long hall. so i would suggest buying two drinks for the show :)
5	It's a MUST GO SHOW!  Carrot Top was hilarious and had me laughing so hard I was the one who was RED! Any seat is a good seat in the auditorium and the lighting and sound effects added to the overall experience.  What is better than a great show...getting it on sale! Right now  they currently are offering any two shows for $75 between Excalibur and Luxor so we went and saw Carrot Top and Defending the caveman for an entire night of laughs!Side note...or warning...LOL...Carrot Top gets almost totally undressed! Talk about peeling the Carrot :)Side
5	Review for show date 7/5/2010Wow this guy is a true entertainer!  The show was well worth the ticket price. We paid approximately $60 for VIP seating on an internet website, but I agree with previous reviews that any seat in the house would have been a good seat.So back to Carrot top, the guy is just a genius.  Props were extremely funny and many of them were current.  Aside from the props, his stand-up is also very good and his timing is superb.  His jokes are somewhat crude and he does poke fun at many different sterotypes, but somehow he seems justified because he also pokes fun at himself.  He seems very sincere and likable so I was never offended by any of his shtick.  Although much of his routine is adult natured, I would have felt comfortable taking my 15 year old son.  Some reviews say his routine has been the same for many years, but I would have to disagree because I know a lot of his material in this particular show I saw was improptu.  We had a special guest in the audience....Cris Angel...he was literally 3 rows away from my wife and I.  Several times during the show, Carrot Top and Cris Angel had dialogue which was often very funny.Anyways, both my wife and I were thoroughly satisfied with this show.  I think the only thing that could have made it better was if he came out after the show to greet the audience.  I would have loved to have shaken his hand and thanked him for the side-splitting laughs.Thank you Carrot Top.
5	We never would have gone to see Carrot Top if it weren't for Yelp - thank you!!! I went in thinking "there is no way this is going to be good," but now 24 hours later the wife and I are still repeating/laughing at  many of CT's jokes.I was literally in tears I was laughing so hard. There was rarely a lull in the laughter the entire 75 minutes CT was on stage. Totally, totally worth it - particularly if you get 50% off tickets the day of the show from one of the "same day ticket" booths. The theatre is small so don't worry about getting a bad seat.
5	I have always been a closet fan of Carrot Top, but girlfriend was very skeptical of this show.  We went though and we both were blown away by how hilarious he was.  We will definitely be going back!
5	A must see!  Carrot Top had us peeing in our pants...well, almost.  If you stay at the hotel, I think they give you a discount on the tickets.  It was worth the two hours spent inside of the small theater.  Ton of props and his overall personality made this show spectacular.
4	Went because friends that were in town wanted to see him and he was great!  Loved the finale.  Worth the $$$$.  Just DON'T stay at Luxor.
5	GREAT show! It's as funny as everyone says it is. His props are great and he also makes a lot of jokes about Vegas, travel, etc. (his bit about the hotel room curtains is so true). He also makes fun of himself and those awful collect call commercials he did a few years back. I was able to go to the Tix 4 Tonight booth and get same day tickets for 1/2 price.
5	Wasn't sure what to expect from this juice head but I have to admit THIS SHOW IS A MUST SEE!  Omg my wife and I were cracking up the entire time. I haven't heard or seen from Carrot Top since the 80-90s, but I'm so glad we went to see his show. We usually watch cirque shows when we go to Vegas, but this was well worth the time and money.
5	I have seen this show 5 times and I really enjoy it.  CT always has something current from the news worked into his show.  This makes for an ever changing show with some new things each time I've seen it along with some old standards.CT moves constantly during the show and he must almost exhaust himself before the end of the show.  His props and box of tricks are always filled with fun things.My only problem with the show has nothing to do with CT, but I'd like to know who designed the theatre and its entrance/exit.  Wow, what a pain!  Still, seeing CT and his show is so worth it!
5	I came to Vegas not really wanting to see a show but the longer I stayed the more the itch to sit and watch something exclusive Vegas. Carrot Top was someone I always seen on Leno and I wanted to go see something I was familiar with. The tickets I got were from Tix4Tonight. Across the strip, there are various kiosks and we compared their price between the box office and another independent seller and they had the best price, ($44). T We were lucky enough to get tickets the night of the show but I think if we had waited any longer we would have been out of luck since the theater looks like it only holds 300 people. We were lucky enough to get seats in center stage but I don't think there is a bad seat here. Carrot Top was funny and entertaining the whole way through. He engages the crowd during the entire show. His brand of humor works well in a live setting and he goes between his prop humor and regular stand up. He did a really good job of being relevant and even cracking jokes at Lady Gaga's meat dress at the VMA awards that had just happened a few days ago. All in all, I would highly recommend this to my friends. Nothing he put on was offensive to anyone. Go on youtube and watch a clip to see what you can expect.
5	My husband and I went to the Carrot Top show and we are still talking about it!  Tickets were very reasonable, and we got great seats.  I think anyone with a sense of humor will enjoy his show.  We both laughed so hard, during the show,  I think we both cried.
4	If it weren't for all these damn good reviews I NEVER would have watched this show.  Carrot Top is freakin' hilarious.  I have not laughed this hard or constantly in YEARS.  I was literally in tears.  The only part that was kinda iffy for me was the little music performance at the end where he performs a mix of random songs and changes into different costumes.  Otherwise, he left me in stitches.Buy your tickets at tix4tonight (not at tix4less las vegas, damn impersonators).  $45 and the seats were great.  Can also print out a $2 off coupon on their website.  Until next time, KT!
1	Sorry, guys.  no way is this show worth more than 5 bucks.Let me start by saying I always kinda liked the ol Carrot Top even if he's kinda stupid. I'm not pretentious about comedy as I am totally down with the dumbest, stupidest thing you throw at me sometimes. Hell, Ive seen Gallagher like 3 times for crissakes!One of the worst comedy shows I've ever seen. BAR NONE. And I accidently saw Dane Cook once. I went to this show sort of as a joke thinking "it won't be all half bad," I got half price tickets.The prop comedy was ok at best, he barely did much of it. Wish he'd have done more of it, cause I laughed at it, at least.Any time he tried doing solid standup w/o props, it was just absolute garbage.The material was written as if he was trying to cater to every person from every part of the united states (I get it, I get it, he has to.), poking fun at rednecks, the president, rap guys, etc. I consider myself to be fairly liberal, but I seldom get offended by much, and I was kinda feeling like a country bumpkin watching this show because of how dumbed-down and vaguely racist I thought it was. To make matters worse every joke about any demographic group he was making a joke about had a stupid goofy sound effect, stupid mask, and/or little light show associated with it. As far as I'm concerned, it looked like something you would see at a high school talent show or on youtube. I was extremely dissapointed with how bad it was. I've seen gallagher a couple of times and I will take him over this carrot top show any day of the week. Maybe it was an off night for him. Kind of seemed that way, honestly.If I could give it a 0 star rating, I would.You couldn't give me a free room at the Luxor for a night to see that show again.
4	Price - 5 StarsI went in not expecting too much but I feel like I got my money's worth. He was funny out the gate and although the show did slow down at times, he was pretty funny overall. I didn't find anything he said to be offensive.If you don't like slapstick comedy, this is NOT FOR YOU. YOU WILL NOT BE HAPPY.
5	Carrot Top was so funny! I loved his show, we had the best seats! I would go see his show again and I'm sure laugh as hard the second time as the first. The best show at the Luxor :)
5	I had gone to see Carrot Top when in Vegas in Aug. I LOVED it! In Dec. I took my niece to Vegas for her 21st Bday.  We saw the show on our last night in Vegas and both of us were laughing on so many things from his act that at times we were in tears (were seated 4 rows from stage and he came into the audience too!).  Some things from Carrot Top's act made us feel as if he'd been with us the first 4 days of our trip, starting from the opening of his act.  I was nervous about seeing the same show/performer in less than 6 months, but I actually laughed harder the second time around and was thrilled that I had seen new stuff in the show! Well worth it! I plan to see him every time I'm in Vegas from here on out. I saw 7 shows during my 2 trips and this ranked at the topm my #1 and the #1 of comedy acts I saw.  Also I suggest checking out "Matsuri", which was my #2 show (#1 Performance Act show), Cirque's "Viva Elvis" was a very close 2nd.Went to T&T (Tacos and Tequila) restaurant before show. Great chicken burrito and tilapia tacos (Baja on menu) and chips/salsa.
5	we recently saw carrot top at luxor for the third time in about the last 3 and a half years and it was still hilarious.  there is a lot of stuff that he keeps in there year after year, but its still enjoyable, but probably 60% of the show is new each time in terms of topical humor new props and what not.  its always really well priced at the tix 4 tonight booth.  i always leave with a sore stomach from laughing so hard and wished it would have gone on longer.  i always recommend to anyone wanting to see a comedy show when they are out in vegas to go see carrot top.  it is worth the money and unless you are a really uptight person you will find it hilarious.
5	Not one to tweet or text, but ROFLMFAO, wow what a great laugh. A little heavy on the special effects, but great material. Best deal was to get two shows for $75, and chose Carrot Top as one of them. Glad I did!!!Nothing was out of bounds and no bad seat in the house. We sat in row J, center stage and didn't have any problems seeing any of the props he used during the show. Even the Priorty Mail box with the white c--k was easy to see. Carrot Top's comedy lines aimed at celebrities and the entire "Vegas Experience" description was spot on. To say he was hilarious would be an understatement, I laughed so hard my stomach hurt and my 70 year old mother-in-law laughed just as hard at the toilet humor jokes as I did. I will definately see his show again the next time we visit Vegas.
5	Hahaha what an amazing show. I could not stop laughing. Carrot top effects are too cool. Truthfully, I went to this show with my boyfriend not expecting much at all. I laughed so hard, my ears started hurting. If you are open minded with a cool since of humor u will enjoy this show. Hell, it's Vegas baby.
3	A show you can count on for some great laughs.  Carrot Top has tons of funny props and sound effects.  I would recommend it.
5	Sooooooooooooooooooooo fricken funny I am still laughing. Great performance. Tough to do so many jokes/skits for that long of a time but Carrot Top pulled it off. Alot of his jokes are pretty current. He was so funny and good that I would definitely go see it again next time I am in Vegas. Ever seat is a great seat in the theater. Highly recommend if you are looking for a lot of good laughs! :o)
5	This a great show.  Carrot Top kept us laughing for an hour and a half straight.  Yes he does do a lot of props and he does them well.  He has kept his show current with jokes on things happening the day we saw him.  You cant beat the price and you wont find a funnier show.
5	This show is definitely one of the best in Las Vegas... I've seen it twice now, and gotten free tickets both times, but would honestly say that the $50 for tickets is totally worth it!  I really wasn't expecting much from the show bc Carrot Top doesn't have the best reputation with all the 'steroid' jokes, but he really surprised me! If you are staying at the Luxor, be sure to avoid Criss Angel!! They have changed the show numerous times bc of bad reviews, but this show cannot be helped! Or if you have to see the criss angel show, go BEFORE you go to Carrot Top! lol.... The first segment of the show is all about prop humor, but he definitely keeps it up to date which is really cool and creative! I definitely think he made a great comeback and his comedy routine is awesome! Best $50 you'll spend on a show in Vegas!
5	I wasn't sure what to expect since I haven't heard any of his material recently.  His show was hilarious !  Tears were rolling down my cheeks. Definitely worth the money.
5	Absolutely the funniest show in Vegas. He will have you laughing the entire show. The auditorium is small so every seat is a good one. Special effects and audio is amazing. A must see.
4	Great show and talent!  I love the theater too!  No bad seats in the house.
4	This was definitely worth while. I had a great time. I love controversial type humor. He wasn't the funniest comedian I've ever seen but hey, he does this stand up a few times a week for ages. Their was definitely moments where he lost the crowd but made a joke out of that as well. Looks like he toned down on the juice, but he's shredded as hell. I walked away thinking, "I liked it, he seems cool".
5	We went to this show to see what it was all about. I see his billboards and hear he is a nutcase but I kept hearing he put on a good show. We have seen a lot of shows in Vegas some better than others.....We sat front row center. WOW, were we close....We should have sat in second row center, lol. This theater is very small but everyone feels involved. The show was great with props, jokes, slight impressions. I was pleasantly surprised needless to say. DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND CHECK IT OUT!!!
5	Ok I am a 25 year old female and a little hard to please. Even phatom of the Opera was just ok for me. I think movies like the Hangover are dumb and pointless.... So when my hubby wanted to see this show I wanted to say no but since I had already picked Blue Man for the previous night, I let him win. I was not expecting him to be this funny nor entertaining. Yes he's a big goof ball but HILARIOUS and he's cute too. I think I laughed more then my husband. I would absolutely recommend to all my family/friends. I am now a fan of Carrot Top and is thinking of giving movies like The Hangover a second chance!
5	Seriously did not anticipate enjoying this show as much as we did. Hilarious! On our last two trips to Vegas we went to cirque du soleil shows so we were looking for a different experience this time around. Carrot Top uses lots of props but he also uses music and the pace is really fast, we were never bored. Tip: You can bring drinks into the show as long as they are in plastic cups. The bar inside the theatre was very slow and we missed a portion of the opening act while waiting in line. I'd recommend bringing a drink in from another bar in Luxor.
4	This is the second time we have seen Carrot Top while visiting Vegas...!!  First saw him about 10 years ago....and we had a blast....and this most recent visit....he was even better..!!  Use of props, hitting topical issues...just awesome..!!  Highly recommend...!!
5	So much fun!  our bellies were sore the next day from laughing so much
5	Carrot Top was very funny. I laughed the whole way through the show. The best part is he incorporated current event jokes and audience interaction into his show, which gave you the feeling that he wasn't just on autopilot performing the exact same jokes night after night. I strongly recommend seeing this show. There are plenty of discounts if you look around, and they even give you a discount coupon if you're staying at Luxor. He also hosted the tour of Luxor on the hotel's in-room channel. It was amusing, something to check out if you're still undecided, as it gives you a glimpse of the humor he uses.
5	I picked this show based on the rave reviews here and elsewhere on the internet.  I went with gobs of skepticism and apprehension.  What I vaguely recalled from Carrot Top's TV antics, I didn't care for him or his style of humor at all.  "Lame" and "juvenile", and later "self-mutilating freak show"  came to mind.  Didn't help that my boyfriend couldn't stand Carrot Top either, so we were taking a big risk by going to see his show.  Holy cow, BF and I are both zealot converts now. I laughed out loud and flailed around my seat in out of control hilarity the entire time.  I laughed so hard and relentlessly that my stomach hurt and got a month's worth of ab-workouts in the process.I can see how CT's style of humor may not be for everyone, but he certainly had the entire audience behind him.  Besides how effectively and consistently funny and creative his props and delivery were, what I was most surprising by was how affable his stage presence was.  A mix of down to earth self-effacing regular guy, with occasional false bravado thrown into the mix, which he quickly corrects with more down to earth, tho never depressing or uncomfortable, self-effacement.   I was also pleasantly surprised to see that behind the gags and low brow jokes and juvenile [yep, he is that, but in my kinda way] quips, there is a professional who had clearly put much thought and planning into his show and he gave the audience high energy, enthusiasm, and hard work.  He was neither arrogant nor douchy, and there was an inexplicable sweetness, and oddly enough, absence of cringe-inducing crassness, even when his jokes were at their highest juvenility.   He didn't seem to take our presence or our laughs for granted.He hit it out of the park with me, ultimately because I couldn't stop laughing and time flew by.
5	Everyone needs to focus on this guy's talent b/c Carrot Top is hilarious!  He's creative, funny, and puts on a great show!  Totally worth the money to go and see him.I've seen him twice, and my husband has seen him 3 times.  He always puts new and different jokes into his show too which is great b/c you can go and see him again and again...smart guy!If you're looking for a fun night with friends or a date, go see Carrot Top.  You're sure to smile, laugh your butt off, and have a great time.
5	great show!  There was some older folks in the crowd that did not laugh at the dildo jokes.  And the indian guy next to me didnt like that I everyone laughed at the joke about punjabis working at 7-11,  lol, but it was funny, everyone in my party agrees, oh yah, he looks like a mutant from xmen, you dont need to sit too close
3	I think the major factor that determines if you will enjoy his show or not is the demographic you belong in.  From looking around and seeing the reaction of individuals in the crowd, it was clear that his target audience is middle aged white people.  Most of them were laughing their asses off and of course he had this country and rock and roll music bit at the end.  There were also some offensive jokes towards minorities but he makes fun of white people and himself the most, so I guess it evens out.  But kudos to the Luxor ticketing office.  I reserved seats two weeks in advance and I got seats in the middle of the second row, which is perfect because everything is eye level.  I even got a 50% military discount.  So for $33, this is the absolute best deal in Vegas.  The show is not horrible, I had a couple laughs, but a lot of the props he showed were old and the same ones he uses whenever he goes on the Tonight Show.  He did have a "new" box, which had some good props but the props weren't enough.  On TV he's just non-stop, prop after prop, but he actually did some stand up at this show, which resulted in a lot of dead spots, and him apologizing multiple times for the bad material whenever the audience went dead.  Really, just an A-ok show.  I enjoyed it but it wasn't great.  But Tim Duncan from the Spurs was in the audience and I had better seats than him, so I'm not going to complain.
5	I was so skeptical about Carrot Top, but it got great reviews.  After seeing the show, I've recommended it to everyone I know.  His funny, irreverant and self-deprecating humor is spot-on for Vegas.  And the price cannot be beat.If you're looking to overpay for some incomprehensible, pseudo-artistic acrobatics show, go see one of the myriad Cirque de Soleil shows or Le Reve.  If you're looking to have a great time with your friends, laughing until your sides hurt, and talking about it for days afterwards, go see this red-haired goofball, you won't regret it.Oh, leave the kids at home, this is a show for adults.
5	I get that Carrot Top was one of the 100 most annoying people on TV through most of the 90s.  Please don't hold annoying long distance commercials against him!  Best comedy show I have ever been to!I bought these tickets at the Tix4Tonight Booth the day of the show.  At $30, they are some of the most reasonably priced tickets in Vegas.  Worth every penny!Another thing that I love about shows in Vegas is that they generally let you bring in drinks to the shows so you don't have to pay the crazy prices once inside.  Right around the corner is a Fat Tuesdays... Buy a 40 oz margarita and take it in with you!From the very first joke, I was almost peeing my pants.  He is a master of prop comedy.  For the entire hour and a half of the show, I was losing it.   You must go!
4	Hilarious. I like his style even though he's freaky to look at. But you know what? The fact he looks so freaky is a part of his act.
5	A friend recommended this show to me.  I couldn't believe it.  I almost backed out at the last minute, but alas, I went.   HI-freaking-LARIOUS!  Use the loo before the show, because it is pee your pants funny.  From the video before the opening act, to the opening act, to the man with the hot mess of an orange hair-do, this show rocked!!!!
3	Bought our tickets at half price vegas tickets for $40. Not sure if it was really a deal. Such great reviews, I wanted to see Carrot Top. We checked in late, at 7pm to pick up our tickets so we got bad seats,  the last row all the way to the left. However, when we got there, I was happy to see that  the stadium was small so our seats were fine. Easy to leave also if you wanted to use restroom from our seats. Anyways, I really wanted to love him but I just was not into his humor. He was funny but not hilarious. Most of his show involved music, props, and acting. Maybe my expectations were too high.
4	When my BF and I started planning our trip to Vegas, he told me that he really wanted to see Carrot Top's show. I wasn't too thrilled to hear that, but I agreed - a relationship works on compromise, right? So; being the yelp faithful that I am, I looked up his reviews. I was very surprised to see that he has an average 4.5 stars, and made sure to tell my friends that when I saw their reactions to us seeing Carrot Top! My BF got front row seats, which was pretty close to the stage - but it wasn't soo close where he was spitting on us! First off, there's a big screen in the middle of the stage where they were showing funny home videos of babies barfing, and then animals humping random objects & other animals. His opening act was pretty funny, I forget his name - but he did point my BF and I out when he got on a bit about all the weird table games there are - Pai Gow being one of them, it was cool - he said "Asian couple in the front, do you know how to play it?" And we shook our heads "no" - and he said "See, if they don't know how to play it, I have no luck!" Then came Carrot Top - I can't believe how funny he was! We were laughing about 90% of the time! A lot of his props were hilarious and the voices he does were good too. Not impersonations, but just weird voices that added to the show! Towards the end of the show, a big bucket made to look like a prescription bottle came down and he said it was time to take his medicine - out comes a bottle of crown! He offered shots to the audience, and my BF got one - so he was happy about that! All in all, Carrot Top is a little freaky looking, but his show is good! I can't believe I'm saying it - but go see this show!!
4	Maybe it's because I had low expectations, but DAMN!  I laughed so hard my face hurt (insert joke about CT's face here).  "I wanna come inside!" (No.) "It's hot!" (You're coffee.) "It's a different kind of heat!" Just go see it.
5	KT is educational. You learn acronyms like DELTA--Don't Expect Luggage To Arrive.He's always been that weird comedian that was kind of funny. And then he got ridiculously buff. But he somehow stuck around and has made Vegas his home.Now that I've seen his show, I'm glad we have him in town. The guy is nothing short of hilarious. His brand of humor is completely random, at times raunchy, but always on point. The guy never skips a beat. Make sure to pay attention or you'll surely miss some lines. This is the kind of show for those that love cock--jokes, that is.Seriously folks. KT exceeded my expectations. Recommendation level: high.
5	This guy was the antsy little boy in your grade school classroom who couldnt sit still and constantly sat in the corner for punishment.  Very high energy show, the seating is steep so every seat in the place had a good view of him and the stage.  He was on stage for a solid hour and a half. Highly recommended if you get your tickets at tix for tonight or half price tickets
5	Very funny
5	I didn't think I liked Carrot Top, but after seeing great reviews decided to see his show.  I am so glad I did!  It was hilarious.  A must see in Vegas!
5	I didn't want to like him. And I definitely didn't want to like him twice. Every time I tell my friends I'm going to see him, they ask me "Why?" (as other reviewers also mentioned).  And I keep having to explain, "Trust me, he's a lot funnier and wittier than you would expect". He's not just a prop comic. He makes fun of many topics, and in a clever way. He makes fun of Vegas and Luxor a lot, and it is good stuff if you frequent Vegas. Even if you don't, you'll be able to relate. Sometimes witty, sometimes random, sometimes self deprecating, always funny. He's so funny that I've developed the teeniest tiniest little crush on him. I went alone, so I felt kinda cheesy laughing out loud many times. Parts of his act are a little lewd (in a funny way), so be careful who you bring. If you've seen him on TV, he keeps it clean, and you might be tempted to bring grandma. I suggest not bringing grandma unless she's a little naughty. I've been trying to recreate some of his jokes with my friends, but it's not going well. I'm not Carrot Top. My hair is brown, and I'm not funny. There are only 13 rows. I counted, b/c when you're by yourself, you have time for such things. No bad seats in the house. I was in the second to last row, and it was a great view. Don't pay extra to sit closer, as it's not necessary, unless you're trying to see his pecs through his shirt. Please go see him. If you don't laugh, I'll refund you the cost of the ticket. Oh wait, no I won't. I will just judge you.
4	Ok, so I've seen his show more times than I care to admit. Usually for free, so I'm not some weird groupie or anything. He is really entertaining and despite all the crap he gets for being a "prop comic" he's really clever and funny!I recommend his show highly. He's practically a Vegas institution at this point. He's been around forever. I love his sense of quirkiness and he just thinks outside the box as far as his props go. He's pretty clever!
5	My husband and I saw Carrot Top yesterday at the Luxor.  He was hilarious.  We have seen several Vegas shows and this was by far our favorite. Well worth the money!
5	me and my gf saw 3 shows while in vegas. we saw criss angel, mysterers cirque du soleil, and carrot top and carrot top tops the list(no pun intended....kinda). this guy is straight up and down hilarious! you wont regret going
5	Didn't expect it to be so good but we went based on the reviews.  Worth seeing, for sure.
5	I went to see his show last night with my girlfriend who LOVES Carrot Top.  She even has a picture of him in her IPhone.  I kinda rolled my eyes when she asked me to go as part of our girls night out.  Man, was I mistaken.  He is hilarious!  I was like, "Was he always this funny?"  Why does he get such a negative rap.  I would recommend everyone to see this show and he is great with his humor, super witty, gets audience involved and just plain ol' funny.  I totally wanna get my hubby to go see him again with me.  Great job Carrot Top!
5	So effing funny.  The jokes never stopped and I laughed the whole time.  The cock jokes, the cane & cellphone contraption so you can see where you're going while you text, the Tiger Woods putter.  He killed it.  Would definitely recommend it and I would go again.
5	As a local I have seen MANY Comedians. Carrot Top was hands down the best show, period. A solid "10" no question about it. A must see for anyone regardless of where you live. Put this guys show on your bucket list.
4	Never had a good reason not to like the guy, now have great reasons to like him. He's genuine, he pours shots for his audience, his show is energetic, fresh and the small venue adds to all these qualities. Keep doing what you're doing Carrot Top and keep us laughing. Went with my parents and his show is not obscene, not edgy, just a good time. He had me laughing the entire time and I'm a comic snob (or so I thought) ... for a Wednesday night during CES, I was happy we went to this show. Good mix of props, topical banter, audio and visual gags ... keeps the show rolling. Everyone I heard on the way out left surprised at how much fun they had ... don't hate.
5	He was great. I always thought he was more college humor kind of guy but the truth is, he is one of the fastest, most clever comics out there. The props he uses are only half of it. Although he drops a few F words here and there, the show is not full of bathroom humor. Its pretty clean. He comes out into the crowd and poured shots for may of us. Funny show and was worth the money.
5	Was a great show, dont think there was a dull minute the entire show.  The show went on for over 2 hours well worth it.
5	So my friends and family wanted to know why on Earth I wasn't going to one of the Cirque shows! I had seen Absinthe the night before and enjoyed it. Wow! Carrot Top was hysterical. Love the simple prop jokes, and his delivery is spot-on. The jokes keep coming the entire show. He is no snob!! Makes light of himself and had the whole audience cracking up for nearly 2 hours. He walks into the crowd and pours shots. Wish I would have got one!!  You won't regret it!
5	I didnt want to go see him, but my husband did!  I am glad we went!  We laughed the entire show.  He was so quick with the jokes!!  All of the props were done in a very clever way!  This was the best show we saw this time in Vegas!  I would go again and tell other to see him!!  LOVE IT!!  We saw 3 show during our visit, this was the only one I really enjoyed!!  Thank you Carrot Top!!
5	Ok this guys is laughs.  I have never stepped foot in the luxor before, i usually go a little higher end. I was in the mood for a comedy chow over a Cirque show. Holy crap this show was funny.  Even he was bagging on the Luxor and Criss Angel. For the price of his show you get a lot of laughs for your money. My friends were like eww carrot top and passed , me Im like  eh why not whats the worst that could happen. Well I made a good call.  People in the audience interrupted him several times. He put them in their place  just like they deserved and shared some crown shots with the audience.**dont pre judge him until after you see the show**Highly recommendedgo see thisvery funnygreat value
5	Okay. Just like everyone else, I didn't want to like him. I really, really didn't want to. But after seeing his awesome reviews here, I decided to just do it. And I'm SO GLAD I did! He's probably the funniest comedian I've ever seen! He rolls with the punches, and it's just line after line of hilarious stuff! Some of the audience members were seriously obnoxious, but he dealt with it. (Who interrupts a comedian to ask if he's been on a tv show? Wtf, woman. There was also a girl screaming about how she had turned 21 the day before. Shut up and let the man perform. I had also just turned 21, and I didn't do that. Geez.)Anyway! He is seriously hilarious (also 47 years old! who knew?), and I highly recommend seeing his show. I would even go again.
4	Honestly, I was nervous about seeing Carrot Top- even though I had free tickets. I don't like standup comedy shows because I fear being picked on by the comedian or having to sit through racist jokes and such. It's just not for me. Also, pictures of CT have ranged from bizarre to scary- I mean, I'm looking at one as I write this review: makeup, eyebrows stretched up on either side, humongous muscles- he looks like an angry/crazy cartoon. I didn't know what kind of comedy to expect from him.I was happily surprised that he has changed his appearance.  No makeup, no strange eyebrows. Even his muscles are toned down.  That was helpful because I could just pay attention to the performance. He's kept his crazy hair, which he swears is real, and which he referred to throughout the act. I actually thought he looked kinda cute, in an impish sort of way. You'd never guess his age by his appearance. Maybe plastic surgery has helped. He jokes about looking feminine, though.The seating at the Luxor Atrium is a bit tight, so larger people might not be especially comfortable. People leaving their seats or arriving late are especially annoying when quarters are tight.  My knees hurt after sitting there for an hour and a half or so because I could not stretch my legs.  As far as the view of the stage, I don't think any seat is in  bad location.  Each row is sufficiently lower than the row behind it to prevent heads from blocking anyone's view.I won't reveal CT's act, but he was funny, self-deprecating and current. Be prepared for some lewdness!
5	Smart. Funny doesn't cover it. Clever. It's the show I recommend to the out of towners. He never lets me down. They always come back and say, "Awesome recommendation!!".
5	Absolutely Hilarious - Worth the price!  The theater was small and intimate and Carrot Top is very funny!  Would definitely recommend.
4	Finally talked my husband into going to see Carrot Top.  He didn't think he'd like him and I thought it would be great.  He was so funny and my husband totally changed his mind.  We both laughed throughout the show.  He interacted with the audience, without picking on the audience like some comedians do.  He seemed to mix some old jokes that you have seen him do on TV with new current stuff like a new bookmark to help girls enjoy the book "Fifty Shades of Grey" better....very naughty and so funny!If you are unsure if you'd like the show - give it a chance.  He is so funny.
4	Since it was 111 degrees outside, my friend and I really didn't want to ever exit the Luxor (where we had a package of two nights / Criss Angel tickets - which BLEW CHUNKS) so we got tickets to see Carrot Top. Even though he's obviously done this show a million times (300 times a year, he said) he was still funny and he made himself crack up, which makes me crack up. His props are super silly and I find that right up my alley. I'm a educated, professional woman with the sense of humor of a college frat boy (ooh, that should be my yelp description).I would see this show again!
5	My mans Uncle took us to this show and it was hilarious!We laughed so hard. I can't believe after all of these years he can still pull something out of that truck and come up with something new and funny.This is a money worthy show!Tickets start at $49.95 plus taxes and service fees.
4	Surprise, surprise. I did not think I was going to like this show. I don't think of myself as a Carrot Top type of person. Yes. I'm pretentious. :) And the pre-show with highlights of what looked like America's Funniest Home Videos made me think I'd made the wrong decision. And the comedienne who was Carrot Top's warm up act was not very good. Sorry. But then Carrot Top came on and almost immediately I was laughing. He was very funny! The prop comedy is okay, but I actually liked him better when he was doing straight stand up. It was a last minute decision to get tix and we were toward the back of the theater. But we could see well. Who know I would like Carrot Top. This was a fun show with reasonably priced tickets. And Carrot Top seemed genuinely appreciative of his audience. I ended up really liking him. No more mean Carrot Top jokes. :)
5	Unreal... I had zero interest in ever seeing him, always annoyed me on tv... his (PG, on tv) stuff always was kinda like, "Eh... okay."  I got some free tickets to this and I still almost didn't even go... but, I'm telling you... I never laughed so hard in my life.  I couldn't breathe at times.  I am still stunned that I could laugh so hard at Carrot Top (!?).  Also, what's awesome is that the stage is super close, not a bad seat in the house.  The worst seat in there and you'd be like 50 feet from him.  The show moves quickly and I love how they don't take themselves too seriously.  I can't believe he can muster that amount of energy every night.  Our show was Friday night and he kept saying how unusually loud we all were and maybe that pegged up his performance or something... but it was great... and I feel like a tool for liking it so much, haha.
5	Booked the show based on all the amazing reviews I've read. Laughed the whole time - really great show. He puts a lot of effort into the show and you can tell.
5	I had no interest in this show, but I am glad I went.  This was one of the funniest shows I have ever seen.  Go see it if you can. But don't takesmall kids.
5	OK - we started the night and were in a bad mood - don't ask me why (MSG in our burgers?) ....and so we picked up our tickets, went to the show room, and sat there thinking we had made the biggest mistake of our lives.....We had seen Carrot Top on TV - and while we enjoyed him, we were not yet fans....And then Carrot Top entered the show room and within 3 minutes we had forgot our bad moods, were laughing out loud, and  enjoyed his comedy act.  It was like a magical transition from bad mood to great times in Las Vegas. And that set the tone for the rest of our week (this was the first day of our trip....having driven in from Disneyland to Las Vegas for a week).Carrot Top does an amazing job - enjoyed every minute of it.
4	My husband and I are not typically Carrot Top fans.  We find him to be obnoxious.  We attended his show at the Luxor based upon a friend's recommendation.  It was a hilarious show.  The use of his props were genius.  Our seats were in the front row and I would highly recommend this seat to everyone.  Carrot Top had us laughing the entire show.Two thumbs up!
5	This was a GREAT show!! We laughed our butts off!
5	Best entertainment value on the Strip.  Very talented.  Behind Vinnie Favorito, he is best.
4	I had a choice between Cris Angel and Carrot Top and after doing some research reading reviews and the ticket prices. I decided Carrot would be a much better choice over a Cirque show and it did not disappoint. The preshow was show was just videos of animals having sex which I thought was hilarious. Next Carrot Top came and did his prop comedy in a very XXX way and had tossed some raunchy jokes at the audience.  He very much cares about his fans and shows he isn't fake like Cris Angel is from reading his reviews on Yelp. Towards the end he shows his abs and flaunts his body towards the women and heard some oohhs and aahs from them. Non stop laughing throughout the show!
5	Seen this show three years straight!! Not all of it is props,  he does stand up with a projector screen behind him and it's still funny as hell. Brings out a "new box" which has new props never shown from years past. Must watch show. Always on special at luxor or tix 4 less booths. Seen tons of Higher budget shows on the strip and this continues to be my favorite.
5	Wasn't sure what to expect had heard great things about him. Very glad We chose this show, it's intimate and he really puts on a great show, high energy, good mix of standup and prop comedy along with use of multi-media (slides, music). He seems to update his material frequently, much like a late show monologue so if you saw him 6 months ago it'd be worth seeing him again. He's self deprecating so very east to like him. A few years ago he beefed up and wore lots of eyeliner, just looked kind of freakish, like a radioactive overgrown carrot, when we saw him he looked like he had slimmed down a lot less of a caricature of himself as he had looked like a few years ago. I have a pretty edgy sense of humour, loved it, laughed the entire show. Best Value in Vegas at $65 a ticket.
5	OMG!! Just saw Carrot Top!! He is freakin hilarious!!! You have to go see the show if you are inVegas! I can't believe there aren't more reviews about him. We sat in the front row and not only was it worth the 50 bucks(cheap for Vegas shows) we got crown shots with him and can tell he really doesn't take himself that serious, which is great. Total nonstop action from start to finish my girlfriend even got showered with toilet paper which was hilarious. If you are looking for a great show don't miss out. Take a chance with Carrot Top. Greatest line I heard him say was "I'm the best show you probably didn't want to see"
5	5 Stars without a doubt. If you could give more I would.The show is way better than the DVD's! I mean the environment was alive!!Carrot Top out did himself with the props, engaged with audience and the seats seemed great from all angles.I sat right in the middle up front and I was beyond pleased. I would highly suggest to anyone looking for a quick 2 hour show in Vegas.I was skeptical about this at first being that I have been to other shows like George Lopez, Katt Williams etc. Price was more than fair, drinks were reasonable and the seats were great!The walk into the Atrium was a bit long kind of but who cares, walk off your buzz! Next best thing to this is a Fight at the MGM.
5	I have never sat through a comedy show and laughed from start to finish like I did with Carrot Top.  I saw him years and years ago when he was at the MGM and loved it, but now he's even better.  I can't recommend this show enough!
5	WOW, I can't believe how great this show was. Several people I know said it was fantastic and I didn't really know much about him before we saw his show.  I can't wait to see him again, I am a huge fan now.  I laughed so hard I thought I was going to have to be hauled out of there and everyone around me was also laughing.  His opening comedian was also excellent and this show was current and I'm assuming changes often enough that you can see it repeatedly and never get bored.  Carrot Top is the best comedian I have ever seen.  If you loved this show too you may want to consider Gordy Brown and Absinthe which were also funny and entertaining. I got 3rd row center seats with a little bit of a discount by booking one month out.  The theater is small enough that no seat is bad but being up close is always the way to go.  If you sit on the front row CT will probably incorporate you into his show but nothing too embarassing and he won't bring you up on stage or anything crazy.  LOVED it.
5	A MUST SEE!!! We see his show every time we're in Las Vegas (a couple times per year). No matter how many times I watch his show, I can't help but to laugh all the way through!! It's almost more fun knowing what's coming next although, he always has new material based on current events. I can't say enough good about him! Carrot Top is the BEST!!!
5	I have seen his show 5 times. I have seen some of his jokes, 5 times. I have left the theater with my jaw ACHING from 1.5 hours of laughing, 5 times. Seriously, I get bored easy. This guy is AWESOME.I saw him again last night, and today, my jaw still hurts. Not sure there is a better deal in this country than to see this guy at these prices.
5	Laughed my butt off the whole show...I swore I had worked out on my abs...I was so sore from laughing!
4	I went to watched show 6 months  ago I like it. Video before show very funny
5	You have to love Vegas.  In this strip, you can see people dive from rooftops into small bodies of water.  There are magicians who will astoundyou. Strip shows like X and Peep Show) with real strippers(small disclaimer: went to one years ago, but I am not a pervert)  In the middle of all this grandeur and expensive staging...there is a 47 year prop comedian?Part raunchy yet strangely self effacing, Carrot Top is really funny and a great entertainer.  The guy maybe warped, but he actually cares that people have a really good time4 Stars for quality of material, one star plus for originality...not exactly first date material, but truly a good 90 minute laugh
5	I absolutely loved it. Carrot Top was awesome!! I would totally see it again.
5	I purchased tickets based on reviews from Trip Advisor and Yelp.Carrot Top was way, way better than I would have expected.Highly recommended.
5	This show was the funniest shows I have ever seen in my life. I tell everyone of my friends that come to town that they must see this show. Carrot Top is hilarious and his timimg is amazing. I suggest this to anyone. Not for the meek though.
5	Corny? Sometimes. Unexpected? YES! Hilarious? Verymuchso.
5	Hilarious show!!  Lots of laughs, kind of dirty but VERY funny. Even the legendary Tom Green was in the audience with us for this show.  Go see it, totally worth the $$$.
2	Fun, but not really funny.  We got free tickets to see Carrot Top and I definitely enjoyed going to see the show, but I don't think it's really on par with your average Las Vegas Strip show. Of course, you probably know that he's a prop comic, so everything is kind of a pun, represented by some crazy gadget he glued together. As it's really tough to string together multiple props, the main part of the show is one-liners. Actually, I thought his best stuff was when he was making fun of himself - either his looks or his popularity or comparing himself to Criss Angel. Also, he had a lot of funny clips of other people making fun of him which were pretty good. Prices start at $60 and go up, which is just way too much to pay for this show. I was happy going for free, and would have enjoyed it equally for up to $20/ticket, but more than that, and you'll probably be disappointed.
4	It's easy to mock Carrot Top. He's a prop comic in the world of stand-up comedy, which gets him about as much respect as mimes and jugglers do in the world of magic and the performing arts. His ginger locks make him quite conspicuous and an easy target for parody.But he's also a Vegas icon -- one who has been performing at the Luxor for the last six years and has inked a deal that will see him there through to 2015 -- and if you're going to experience everything Sin City has to offer and see what represents it best, checking out the Carrot Top show should be on that list. That said, I've been putting it off for the last four years and a dozen or so visits to Vegas, as I kind of bought into the negative hype and cynicism, and have spent my dollars elsewhere. My bad.Like many other Yelpers, I approached seeing this show with a let's-get-it-over-and-done-with attitude, so I could finally say I saw Carrot Top in Vegas, but walked away with a wide grin and an uncontrollable puerile giggle. This was not what I expected.Carrot Top pulls you in within minutes of his show. His rapid-fire presentation of homemade props and one-liners move along so fast that he's already on the third joke while you're still laughing at the first. His material runs the gamut from lewd buffoonery, silly puns, and incredibly sharp and astute insights. What's more, this is a comic who cares about his audience -- and his returning fans (of which there were many in the audience, which also says a lot about this show)  -- because his performance is not perfectly scripted and does not feel like tired old shtick that's been repeated night after night. The early part of his show included a number of witty lines that seemed very topical and mocked recent current events, there were plenty of brilliant ad libs tied to audience member reactions, and a later part of his show included a few new prop jokes he was daring enough to test out on the audience. Simply put, Carrot Top is so brilliant and full of energy that he's probably what's powering the light that emanates from the Luxor's pyramid night after night. Don't make the mistake I did, by putting this lively show off on your next trip to Vegas.
5	Mentally when I think of Carrot Top,  I've always thought he was a douche bag. From all of his pictures and TV appearances I've seen, douche bag was the impression always in my mind.... My impression has definitely changed to something better...So last Friday I was staying at the Luxor and decided to see the Carrot Top show. To my surprise, it was a pretty amazing show. I laughed the whole time.I was able to see a different side of Carrot Top, which wasn't a douche bag at all. The show was vulgar at times but not overboard, like some other shows can be. His props were very clever and entertaining. He even served the audience shots at one point. Also, at the end of the show he came on stage in a cape and underwear. I never knew this, but Carrot Top can give the Thunder From Down Under a run for their money. Carrot Top is RIPPED and has a really nice body. From the neck down he is quite attractive. If you have nothing better to do in Vegas, Carrot Top is definitely worth seeing and will be the start to a great night.
5	I laughed the entire show! Hilarious! You will get over the fact that you actually paid to see Carrot Top when you laugh your butt off for over an hour straight! I was like most people and thought I will never see him! He is sooooo funny. Somewhat R rated but super funny. Lots of energy! Loved it!
3	Carrot Top is a funny show. It is a prop comedy show and is usually funny. I have seen it a couple times and it is always different, but fun none the less.   The price is reasonable for the tickets. It is great for a cheap date night.  I do have to say the humor probably isn't for everyone, but that can be said of any comedy show. The last time I saw this show, it was especially crazy since there was a drunk lady in the audience that actually ran up on stage and almost jumped on Carrot Top. Security had to come in and drag her off. Then her husband got involved and there was pretty much a huge brawl on stage. Poor Carrot Top, who was about 200lbs lighter than the drunk couple, turned it into part of the act and made it a pretty funny thing for the rest of the audience, probably not the couple that were forcefully removed though.  I know it isn't part of the show and wasn't stage because I asked a friend of mine who works at the box office. It was extra crazy and now my group has a fun story
4	Much better than I expected. I always thought he was creepy but his show changed my mind. Quite loveable actually.
5	So funny, thought I was going to pee myself!!!!!  When in Vegas, Carrot Top is a must see. My friends and I were so glad we did. Will be sure to see him again when we come back. Thank you Carrot Top for a great night. We love you.
3	My wife and I are 40ish and enjoyed the show but didn't love it. I would say about 3.5 star show.  Opening act was NOT funny the night we went.  Carrot Top was funny but felt canned and repetitive. The props were funny to a point but, again, that's part of the canned feeling. I prefer a fresh/off the cuff feeling if that makes sense. The theater is small but nice.  I find the Luxor to feel very out of date/dirty/cheap/etc... so I didn't enjoy being there. However, it's not a long wait. The concierge at the Mandarin Oriental recommended the show to us as the best comedy show. I will try something different next time.
5	I would go back, saw him when I was young (and prob shouldnt have) but hey it was worth it. And it was worth it this time, I especially loved him giving out shots of Crown Royal (my fav). He was funny, most people say they hate him, but I dont know after this how thats possible.
5	I know, you're thinking "Carrot Top?"  But, you really do need to hit this show while you are in Vegas.  He is a "prop comic" bringing out all kinds of crazy "inventions", along with a well choreographed musical backup and a schtick that riffs on everyone's experience on the Vegas strip.  The jokes come fast and furious - after an hour and a half, I had a headache from laughing so hard.The show is most definitely worthy of its 18+ rating, though it would be better classified as crude rather than really vulgar.  If you are easily offended, you probably shouldn't be in Vegas to begin with.  If you've survived walking along the strip already, you won't be bothered by anything in Carrot Top's show.Probably one of the best things about the show and what really makes it work is that you can tell he really enjoys what he's doing and laughing at himself as much at his humor as the audience does.  This isn't some guy just going through the motions.  While it is certainly "scripted", he does a lot of improv and interaction with the audience and he does a good job rolling with the crowd.Definitely a recommend!
5	Very funny.
5	Might impressive! I wasn't sure what to expect. I have never followed Carrot Top but knew who he was. His show is hilarious! Very fast paced and it never lets up. I would see it again without question. When I have friends and family visit Vegas this is a show I will take them too. If you are a local you will get a very, very nice discount for tickets for excellent seating. Carrot Top has won me over.
5	This show in my opinion is the best comedy show on the strip. This is the 3rd time I have seen carrot top and each time its new & fresh. His comedy includes a bunch of props that are current and reverent. This show was so good that I had to stop laughing so I could breathe. I have offered to pay $20 to family members towards a carrot top ticket.
5	This show was soooo funny, saw it last night during my weekend Vegas trip. I highly recommend it, like most of the people here who have already reviewed the show. It's 90 minutes long and fast paced, and I was laughing the WHOLE time. My friend also enjoyed it as much as I did.I've never thought much about Carrot Top, but after having watched the show, I am a fan. His funny, well timed, at times self deprecating humor, makes him very endearing to the audience.Thank you Yelpers who highly recommended this, or else I would have never even considered checking out the show. But so glad I did. I am definitely going to see the show again the next time I am in Vegas. I'm glad to see that other Yelpers have seen this show more than once and that each show has fresh content. (I was wondering).
5	Really great show! I was so presently surprised. I don't know what you might think about Carrot Top if you've never seen him, but all I can say is give him a chance. My husband and I were looking for a show we hadn't seen yet (we've seen at least 10 of the popular shows out there already over the last couple of years), so we read the reviews on Carrot Top and decided to give him a try. We are so glad that we did! This is definitely an adult-themed show but he is not as crass and lewd as say Andrew Dice Clay...and Carrot Top is way funnier. His show is rapid-fire jokes from beginning to end, and you will not be able to stop laughing. He uses tons of hilarious props, many of which he creates himself, and also some funny video clips to go along with his jokes. If you are lucky enough to be in the first row of the first 2 sections, you will probably be treated to a shot of Crown Royal, which he serves to you personally in a Dixie cup. Seriously, I laughed the whole time. He is really funny.Right now Luxor has a special of 2 shows for $75, which is a great deal. I would highly recommend this show and Jabbawockeez. Carrot Top tickets are usually $49 and up, and Jabbawockeez tix are $75 and up. Or you can get discounted tickets from Tix for Tonight outlets on the strip. Never pay retail!
5	If there's one show in the sub-$70 category to watch while in Vegas, it is this! I've seen Carrot Top more than once in the past couple of years, and it's been a blast every time. His jokes come out like rapid-fire, oh if only he would slow down and stretch it out into 2 hours! For the amount of material he covers in 1.5 hours, you are more than getting your money's worth.Tips:- Carrot Top has been around for awhile so its easy to get his tickets at Tix4Tonight. We paid approximately $50 for the top-tier $70 tickets.- No shows on Tuesdays nights.
4	Didn't know what to expect. I've been to Vegas many times and have seen many shows, but never Carrot Top. He is worth seeing and frequently his tickets are available at a discount. He's funny, uses unique self built props and even pokes fun at himself. He's very good at making it all seem spontaneous, but really couldn't pull it off if it was. He's well rehearsed and knows what it takes to get everyone to laugh.
5	I have been a closet Carrot Top fan for ages.  The dude is hilarious!  If I could meet and hang out with one person, it would be Carrot Top.  I know he would have me rolling.  I've been twice and would go again.  Just can't get enough Carrot Top!
5	I couldn't believe it either, no offense carrot top, but at first I will admit that I was very skeptical about this show. Sure you've probably seen Carrot Top on television, but in person? He is TOTALY different in the sense that his comedy is RAW but very hilarious.After asking many people around town and the ticket venders, I always asked them which show they recommend, and all of them would tell me "Go see Carrot Top." I am a frequent Vegas visitor and I only regret that I hadn't seen him sooner. One of the great things about this show is that its actually a decent length, it didn't seem short which was awesome because I honestly wanted it to keep going. The other great thing about the show is that it was very current, in the sense that a lot of his jokes had to do with very recent events which only leads me to believe that I can come back in 6 months, see the show again and the material will be completely different. Great job on that behalf on keeping the jokes relative and hilarious at the same time. There is nothing lamer than seeing a comedian twice and realize that its the same crap from before, but you will NOT get this with Carrot Top. One thing that also stood out is that the presentation of the show was very effective for the audience. Its very interactive, Carrot Top plays a lot with the crowd and you can tell that the crowd is just sucked into everything he is doing and saying.Great written and Physical comedyGreat Interactions with audience members ( The theatre is medium size but is perfect in this case)Great Job keeping the material fresh100% Recommend it, please don't waste your money on other crap, listen to the reviews.
5	My wife and I were happily surprised. We saw him two nights ago and he was hilarious.  He is very creative with the props and very good at stand up. If you are in the first few rows you may get to do some shots from Carrot Top himself. Very happy we went. We will see him the next time we go.
5	So I was very skeptical about this show I never really new what carrot top did and was quite surprised he is a comedian I think Luxor hotel needs to fix the coolness in the theater because it was ridiculously cold but I'm not blaming carrot top for that nonsense plus the attendants warned me it would be cold so I brought a jacketBut the show was an absolute blast I have not laughed that hard in a long time at one point had tears running down my face if you only have time for one show I highly recommend carrot top
5	We recently had the opportunity to see Carrot Top's show.  I was laughing almost the whole time.  I never really had much of an opinion about him but I do now!  He was hilarious and I would definitely recommend the show (as long as you can cope with crude). He certainly looks like he loves what he does and that makes a huge difference.  He was funny whether off the cuff of scripted.  He was fast paced and it seems like you would never see the same show twice.
5	Best show in LVH. 3rd time I've seen him. Laughed from the warm up comic to the end. Ron Jeremy stopped in to see the show and CT worked it in like he's a regular. Can't wait to see him again
5	Don't sleep on Carrot Top. His show is prolly the best on the strip. I was laughing right from the start. The props are a fun and welcomed. You can tell he really enjoys what he does. At one point he walks through the crowd handing out free shots and takes the time to talk to his audience. I thought that was awesome. His show has a lot of adult content but hey, it's Vegas. You shouldn't be bringing your kids anyway. Skip the blue man group show and come watch Carrot Top. Cheaper and a far better show.
4	Incredible show.  Couldn't stop laughing.  Even though he must do this same show over and over again Carrot Top makes it look fresh and fun.  Only negative was I could have done without the unknown comedian who opens for him.  One note:  If you have kids DO NOT take them to this show.  It is VERY adult.  He must use 5 different dildos as props.
5	Awesome ShowI was invited to see Carrot Top on Friday Sept 6th and had mixed emotions about how much I would like the show. Well,it was great. Carrot Top is so clever,energetic and likeable. I'm a pretty cool 62year old and I did not find any of the references or language offensive,even though it is a little risque ( don't bring the kids.) I laughed my butt off. I just wish I was in the front rows for the shots. It's a must see.
4	Alright Carrot Top, you got me. Friends surprised me with tickets, which was very nice, but I wasn't exactly sure if this show would be any good. I mean Carrot Top? I've always kind of figured him to be just ok. The show was much better than I expected. Definitely worth the price. He starts off with funny one liners, one right after the other, using his random crazy props. He also pulls props from a "new" bin and clearly uses current topics. The shows seems to be updated frequently. He even did some jokes about the days crazy weather. He then does some audience participation and even hands out some shots of Crown Royale to a the front row. Who does that? It's awesome!!!He finishes up the show with a country music bit and then goes into a wild rock bit. I much preferred the beginning of the show to the finale, but all in all the show is pretty good. Note: The show is definitely not for everyone, as he makes a lot of inappropriate jokes. Personally, I think it adds to the show and I'm all for it... but maybe not the show to take your grandmother to see.Another Note: the theatre is fairly small, so I don't think there's really a bad seat. We had excellent seats, almost exactly in the middle.
5	Do yourself a favor. Get over the negative connotation associated with Carrot Top. If you like to laugh and have a good time - This is the perfect show for you. Or anyone really, as long as they are 21+. The first time I went to see Carrot Top, a girlfriend dragged me. I wasn't sure I was going to love it & she wasn't sure either. But she her uncle gave her tickets for free, so our thoughts were "How bad a could a free show be?". Well, surprise surprise. I loved it. I laughed nonstop. And I wasn't even intoxicated. We left that show telling our selves, we would pay to see his show again.He has a hilarious show filled with props and most importantly current jokes. Nothing is dry or stale. There is music, videos & the tons of props he uses. I just couldn't stop laughing. His jokes are easy to relate too.Fast forward a few years. I was able to see Carrot Top again. I knew I was in a for a good show but a part of me was like, it is not going to be as funny. WRONG!!!!!!! New props, new jokes, new lines. During our show, he even passed out shots of Crown. I don't know Carrot Top but I get the impression that he works all the time to keep his show fresh and funny. I do know that he is one of the funniest persons I have seen, PERIOD. And I do know that I would go see Carrot Top again.
5	This the 2nd time I have seen the show and I swear it just gets better. I literally could not laugh anymore! If you truly want to laugh your ass off then you need to go see Carrot Top... You will not regret it!!!! I have sent everyone who comes to town for a visit to the show and they all agree "it's hilarious"
4	Is it weird that I thought this show was adorable? Carrot Top was quite impressive with his gizmos and gadgets that he associated with his show, but I feel that he apologizes way too much about his jokes. That, and it's not really my kind of humor, but it was very entertaining over all.
5	Not a fan of CT, but went to the show from a recommendation of a friend.  I was so pleasantly surprised how much I enjoyed his show!  I loved it!  Insanely funny, witty, you will cry laughing!  Go see it!
5	Awesome show, worth the $$.  Truly funny guy- tell he likes to laugh at himself and others!  The theater was smaller than I expected but fit his style and could actually see him. We will DEFINITELY see him again.
5	Pleasantly surprised! My husband and I laughed our butts off. I was a bit worried because there is a negative connotation associated with Carrot Top. But he was really funny. The props are so dumb and cheesy you can't help but laugh. And he stays current (had a Miley Cyrus tongue joke) However , the whole show isn't props. He does stand-up, a few impersonations, and even some improv as he interacts a little with the audience. The theater isn't large, so it has a more intimate feel. Yet it's comfortable, he wears old sneakers and jeans and passes out shots. We would absolutely see him again. Two Cheeto-covered thumbs up for this rockin show!
5	WOW WOW WOW! We were in Vegas for a tradeshow and wanted to do something fun one night and "settled" on a Carrot Top Show. I have never seen his show before but my girlfriend and I were AMAZED at how good it was. It was one of the best comedy shows we have seen. The show is so diverse, so many things and types of comedy and he is incredibly funny. I had a different idea of what type of show this would be and we were both blown away. We both were laughing so hard for an hour plus our stomachs were hurting and there weren't any dull moments. Also we booked late and had the very last row but they were still great seats. We are looking up his schedule so we can bring our friends. Incredible performance Carrot Top!
5	Carrot top is a great prop comic.  The show is at the Luxor and there isn't a bad seat in the house.Carrot top is a very talented comic and everything he does in the show is funny.  The funniest times in the show is when a joke doesn't work.  He is able to make you laugh more than if it was the best joke you ever heard.  He tells a lot of Las Vegas specific jokes that tourist and locals alike will really enjoy.  He is a master of using props and has a great imagination and guides the audience to see just how funny something can be.The bad.  There is no opportunity to meet him before or after the show which is a huge disappointment.  It would be nice to just get a minute or two to talk to him.The bottom line, I highly recommend this show you will not be disappointed.http://carrottop.com
3	There are props. This is crude and silly prop-comedy. Know this beforehand and maybe you can enjoy yourself. I like most of the show. I think we would all be better off admitting that we like Carrot Top. I maintain an untested hypothesis: 9/11 would not have occurred if the terrorists had attended Carrot Top when they visited Las Vegas. A lot of his jokes are silly. But that is okay: this ain't Joe Rogan -- up on stage -- high out of his fucking mind, expounding on the multiverse. It is Carrot Top and there are props and dick jokes.Gallagher (performing nightly at The Laugh Factory inside Tropicana: http://www.yelp.com/biz/gallagher-las-vegas) says that Carrot Top stole his act. Perhaps. (Most people remember Gallagher for smashing fruit, not specifically props.) But, is there not room in Vegas for two headlining prop-comedy performers? I don't know. Go to both shows (and possess the cojones to admit it!). My name is Edwin and I like Carrot Top. - E
5	Our group has always loved Carrot Top. So, on our last visit to The Strip, we grabbed tickets to his show, took two trams, walked up four broken-down escalators, was assaulted by a large group Bible-bangers trying to get us to repent for our sinful choices, and had to trudge past the weirdos in Excalibur. That's how much we adore this man! The theater is a pretty perfect size (intimate but not "small"). Moreover, no matter how petite one is, the theater's design permits easy viewing. And, I cannot tell you how much we appreciate the FIRM no cellphone policy. (One idiot DID take out his phone and tried snapping pictures during Carrot Top's spectacular finale ... he was immediately spotted by security who shined a blinding light on him and told him to turn it off. Dumb people are everywhere, I guess.) We have gone to other shows where all we can see is people texting (why even come to the show?!) and taking pictures (enjoy the moment!), so this was a welcome change.The opening act was horrendous. It was some girl who made one awkward sex joke after another ... and it sounded like a funeral in the theater. Dead silent. The worst. Nonetheless, Carrot Top was hilarious. While we reveled his act (a blend of personal anecdotes, ridiculous digs at "Las Vegas culture," prop comedy, and general, silliness), his improvised moments were where his talent truly shines. (Wait for the clever ways in which he engages his audience).  He lost us on the "country music" portion (I have heard less than a handful of such songs in my life). But, he changed topics so quickly that we had no real complaints (only worries about his musical taste). (HOWEVER, Carrot Top ended with a celebration of classic Rock ... so, we ultimately concluded that he didn't sign his soul over to some sort of brain-dead, country-music Devil). The show is fast-paced, goofy (in the best way!), and soooo dirty (also in the best way!). Be prepared, this is a frenetic, multi-media extravaganza for the A.D.D. crowd. (And, the crowd loves it!)Skip the egomaniacal magicians (except for Penn and Teller ...  they are awesome). Avoid the boring acrobats (you aren't a senior citizen yet). And, dear God, dodge the puppet jokester (you don't drive a tractor "on the farm"). See Carrot Top for a genuine laugh (and a laugh AT the Vegas experience)! You won't regret it!
5	One of the best comedy performances I've seen in Vegas. Believe the reviews. You'd think he'd be burned out by the amount of shows he's done over the years, but the guy brought a lot of energy and had humor and props that were topical and current.I don't remember laughing harder or as often at a comic in my life. Fast paced humor, creative, great show...
5	Ok, truth be told, I've been to Vegas about 40 times, and many of those trips were / are with my best buddy, as we'd get away for a guys weekend or whatever.  Every single time we'd see a billboard, an ad or any literature with Carrot Top in it, we'd just chuckle, call him  the'Top' and blow it off like little school-boys.  Trust me, it was funny when we'd make the comments- we're hysterical.  Point being, we thought the guy was a joke (without knowing much about him)Well, I got an offer once for 2-1 tickets to 'the Top', so we bit the bullet and went.  Actually, we had a few more guys along for this trip, so 4 of us ended up going, all with VERY low expectations.  I mean...have you seen how this guy looks?  Surely he can't be that funny...Well, hell....was I ever wrong!  Yeah, he's still funny looking, but I LAUGHED the entire show, start to finish.  I laughed so hard my stomach hurt.  Tears rolling down my face laughing.  I laughed like a fat-baby laughs- that deep, funny laugh that you can't help but smile when you hear it laugh.  He's quick.  Prop to prop, and honestly, I don't think it's scripted- whatever prop he sees, he comments on and quickly moves on to the next.  It's 90 minutes of rapid fire props and funnies.  Every one in my party was amazed and thought it was the funniest thing they had seen.Fast forward a few years (to August of 2013) and I went back again with my girlfriend.  The show was fresh, even funnier...and we both laughed as much as I did the first time.  He's not dirty, but he's not clean.  It's adult humor for sure- there are some dildo jokes and sex jokes, so if you're easily offended, stay away.  If you're a perv like me and don't mind stuff like that, get in line and be ready to laugh.The bit about the Luxor light being as bright as that tiny crack in the curtains in any hotel room is spot on, and the next time you're in a room and light is shining through, you'll laugh every time thinking back to that bit.  Most of his humor is very observant, timely and related to current events.  He's a real talent.FYI- the theater is cold.  Dress appropriately.
5	Holly smokes, this show was really funny, he is awesome! At some poin he comes in the audiece and serves drinks ( you think THIS is cazy? See the shoaw). If you have a chance absolutely go watch this show
5	Excellent show and also not a bad in the house! Tacky and topical and he's spot on with his observations
4	Any time you wanna watch a show at the Luxor, you have at least two good shows to choose from. One is Jabbawockeez and the other is Carrot Top. Criss Angel? Hell no! Dont waste your time and money on that money grubber.Anyways, with Carrot Top, you are guaranteed laughs and groans. You laugh when he busts out with a joke accompanied with a prop and sometimes you groan when you get the punchline. Now before you even step foot into the Atrium I highly recommend that you go to the bathroom and try to avoid drinking anything during the show for it is 90 minutes long. Just the walk from the lobby to your seat is pretty long already. Somebody should of thought about putting a bathroom somewhere in the lobby next to the bar a long time ago. Come one man! You put a full bar but not bathroom any where near it? Lame.When the show starts, you are warned to turn off your cell phone or at least set it on silent and put it away. No pictures or video of any kind allowed during the show. That's stupid because if I had my own show, I would at least allow pictures to be taken as long as there is no use of flash. Pictures included in great reviews like this can give any show more exposure which in turn brings in more people. So whoever made this decision for Carrot Top should not be a holding a job right now.This was my second time watching this show. Last time I saw it was about 6 years ago. I cant believe he is still going strong. Just like last time, he opens up the show with a veteran comedian. Last time it was Anjelah Johnson. This time it was Rob Sherwood.When CT finally comes out, it is nonstop jokes, one-liners, and continous use of silly props that he himself came up with. If you are not paying attention, some of his antics will go right over your head. I recommend that you not be tired or drunk when you watch this show or you will miss almost half of the comedy he puts out. Special attention is given to those that shelled out extra money to sit in the front row. CT makes sure he notices you. He even busts out with a Crown Royal that came out from a bucket from the ceiling and pours out shots for those lucky enough to be in the vicinity where he hands it out. So minus one star for the bathroom being so far away and the ushers being really anal about any picture taking. If you go through all the reviews, there are hardly any pics in  them. Overall, CT is a good comedian who keeps things new and relevant with his skits. I would would watch this again if given the chance.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #27
5	I have to be honest, I wasn't expecting much from this show but I'm so glad I went. There were four of us and we were all laughing the whole time. When it was over I didn't want to leave. Carrot top is hilarious and definitely worth the money. If you're debating on seeing this show debate no more and go.
5	Carrot top is super funny! Some drunk/tripping dude stepped on the stage, but like a pro he went with it, made it funny, and worked right through it. He is strange, a dork, and can entertain himself therefore the audience can have fun with him. His comedy is also current, meaning he jokes about what has been on the news and entertainment shows (TMZ) lately.
4	I would have never thought to go to see Carrot Top, but the Yelp reviews talked me into it.  I'm glad I went.  The theater is small and intimate.  I laughed pretty hard the 1st half of the show; actually, I cried.  The rest of it was still funny but I didn't laugh nearly as hard...just a few chuckles.
5	Carrot Top is obviously the best comedian. Pros:1. Ingeniously simple.2. Nothing wrong with props. Whatever makes you laugh. 3. Wife said he's the best.4. Keep making fun of other Vegas acts. It's topical.Cons:1. Grandma and Grandpa jokes aren't funny.Stay passionate CTOP! Many in your audience will be first-timers.
5	I laughed so hard during this show I thought I was going to injure myself. A master class in the art of performing comedy.
5	Not only was the show entertaining but CT is an absolute sweetheart who genuinely appreciates his audience.
5	I saw Carrot Top on my 21st birthday when he was in a much smaller place, and it was the best comedy show I had ever seen. Fast forward 12 years and I finally went back, and he is in a much bigger place and it's well deserved. This was once again amazing. I think people see Carrot Top and assume it's gonna suck. The two guys I brought thought this but they were glad they went. The show is funny and quick and never leaves you a chance to stop laughing. I have never laughed so hard in my life, and this time I got lucky with front row seats! He also played off the crowd and when someone puked and half the row left in the middle of the show he made jokes about it the rest of the way that were super funny. He also handed everyone in the front row a shot and when he handed me mine he grabbed me and put his head against mine and said "Velcro." I'm bald. It was pretty cool. I recommend anyone who goes to Vegas to see this show. I will be seeing him every time from now on.
5	Best show in Vegas! Carrot Top is hilarious. I laughed so hard my head hurt the rest of the evening. He is an under-appreciated comedian. He puts out 100% plus in his shows, and appreciates and acknowledges his audience. This is a Las Vegas don't miss. Warning: Not for kids or prudes.
5	Seriously laughed my head off the entire way through and completely understand why people see this show over and over again. When it was over and I was walking out, I wanted to experience it all over again.Bear and I commented and laughed about him throughout the entire trip. The only downside about the show was his opening act-- not funny, very underwhelming. But whatever, 15 min of that was worth it. Maybe that was the point, because CT came out with a BANG and kept the energy that high or higher throughout the entirety of the show. The night we saw him, the Luxor president & family (celebrating a birthday) were in the audience and he seemed to be keeping it as boss-friendly as possible... I would love to see one of his uncensored shows!
5	Highly recommended when in Vegas if you wanna laugh then this is the show he's  super funny the whole time. Every seat is a good...
4	Our whole group was surprised at how much we liked the show! I almost always go for cirque de soleil but this was s real crowd pleaser. And he is seriously buff
5	I don't usually review shows because I work in the industry and think it's unfair. That being said, carrot top is exempt from that rule.Before living here I would visit all the time and usually stay at Luxor because of the deals I'd get. I used to see the billboards and say ," Not if it were the last show on earth." Then, when we moved here in 2012 and were given the opportunity to see the show on a comp, my husband insisted we go.Not only was I wrong about Carrot Top, I literally find myself defending him when I recommend the show and people scoff at me. I actually had to buy my friend and his girlfriend tickets to see the show with us for him to try it out, and he loved it more than I do! Please do yourselves a favor and see this show. It's really inexpensive for vegas and there are deals everywhere on it if you look hard enough. Start to finish it's hilarious to the point of your sides hurting. You won't be disappointed!
5	BEST SHOW EVER! I was literally laughing til my stomach hurts! Been living in Vegas for almost 10 years and I didn't regret seeing this show. the fact that he has props on stage, it makes it WAY funnier! You really can't visit vegas and not see this show, it's a TOTAL MUST!
5	This show is hilarious! I have been several times and each time it is funnier. His box of props is hysterical. He is a master using props to coincide with his jokes. I highly recommend this show to anyone going to Las Vegas.
5	I've wanted to see Carrot Top for a while now and could never get my wife to agree to go until tonight. I think she laughed harder than I did. After the show both of our faces were hurting from laughing so much.
5	Who knew? carrot top is funny as hell.Great show - highly recommend if you're looking for comedy on the strip. The dude will have you laughing the entire time!
5	Carrot Top elicits such a negative knee jerk reaction from so many.  It's like asking people at a pizza joint if they want anchovies.  When was the last time you actually had anchovies??  The guy has been a Vegas headliner since 2005.  There's got to be a reason why he's been able to stick it out on the strip and fill seats in that theater for the long haul while so many headline comedians have come and gone.  One year they're at the Excalibur, then The Plaza and then there's their one way ticket to Laughlin. I didn't think I would enjoy the show as much as I did.  He opened the show at a frenetic pace going from prop joke to prop joke.  Didn't think the joke was funny?  No problem!  There's another one in 5 seconds.  It was like watching the biggest 5 year old wise ass with A.D.D. show off his box of toys.  Freakin hilarious!!  The rest of the show was just as great.  You'll definitely laugh a lot and have a fun time unless you don't laugh at cock jokes.  So yeah....eunuchs may be sensitive to Carrot Top. We sat in the second to last row.  There's not a bad seat in the house.  You can purchase the cheapest seats without hesitation if you're still skeptical.
5	WOW. Really REALLY funny!I'm not sure why I have or rather had such a negative opinion of Carrot Top prior to seeing his show, especially because I haven't seen his performance before.The Yelp reviews do not lie. The only reason we went to see him was because of such positive reviews.WOW, the show was really good. Like others have said he's throwing jokes rapid fire every 3 seconds another joke, and if you don't like this one, in 3 seconds there's another one, and another one. We laughed our heads off. It was a REALLY good show, REALLY funny!Probably one of the most underrated comedians, and one of the most underrated shows on the strip!Definitely recommend!
4	This was a great show. I've always found his performances on Talk Shows very funny. Also, living in Vegas... I've come across him many times! Each time, he was very respectful, yet funny! One encounter I had with him, a lady stopped him, as I was speaking with him. She asked, "My daughter is a huge fan... Do you mind taking a picture with her?" His response was, "Let's all take a picture together." He then handed me the camera, and asked me very politely to take the picture.This was my first time seeing his show. I thought it was great!He does a great job, mixing his routine. He mixes the funny "Craft Products" we're all used to seeing, with random jokes in between. He also goes into the crowd, and interacts with his fans. I was laughing the entire time. I could say, "So were all the people around me."The music he plays is pretty good... There was a long portion of Country music, which was the worst part of the show. Would I go again? Absolutely!
5	Non Stop laughing. Great show that starts fast and never let's up the entire time. Carrot Top makes fun of everyone. The audience is no exception. All the great reviews are 100 percent true. For the money carrot top show is possibly the best value in Vegas. We both agreed we will see him again.
5	Awesome show I can't say it enough! You will laugh to the point your stomach hurts. I live and work with tourist and locals and I can honestly say of the 100's of people I have spoken to they will all agree that this show is a must see.  It's funny cause every last one of us did not expect much yet  we were pleasantly  surprised at how entertaining he was. I do not know were we all formulated an opinion of him not being good but he did prove us otherwise. So I would say go for it you will be glad you did.
4	What a great show! Lady and I laughed throughout. Not a bad seat in the house. Fair price for all the laughs!
5	I did not stop laughing for 90 minutes straight! It was hilarious! His material was fresh and new. The use of props enhanced his performance. He connects with the audience 100%. The theater is small enough so that wherever you sit you're still able to to enjoy the show. Prices were reasonable. I would watch it every time I visit Vegas! I'm completely satisfied.
4	Great show. Half the cost of other shows and as most reviews have already said. Do it!!!!! Not a bad seat in the house is also true. Perfect view as rows are low enoughthat your not looking at the back of someone's head.
4	Pleasantly surprised.  Was indifferent to Carrot Top having a thought he was a bit weird.  His show was funny and flowing with great energy and lots of quick and witty jokes.
5	My husband and I were in Vegas for our 4th anniversary in June (we were married in Vegas, and there was a couple in the audience who had just gotten married on our anniversary 6/10). I wanted to go to Carrot Top but my husband  had never heard of Carrot Top but we went anyway. We laughed so hard. I have never seen my husband laugh so much at a comedy show....or ever! Carrot Top is not just about props, his stand up is so funny and relate able. I loved the jokes about walking around in Vegas...........so true! If I ever get an opportunity to see him again I will jump at it!
5	Fantastic show! I took my 19 year old daughter (the show is 18+) and we both thought it was great.  He covers just about every single topic you can think of from sports to sex to Vegas to music - and makes your head spin (in a good way) and sides hurt from laughing so hard. The opening act (didn't catch his name) was a comedian that is on XM radio and he performed a great warm-up set with a lot of good improv with the crowd. If you're sitting on the fence wondering if the show is worth the investment of time and money to attend - it absolutely is. I would definitely recommend Carrot Top's show.
5	The show kept me laughing from beginning to end. After seeing Criss Angel show the previous night and being extremely disappointed I was hoping that carrot top would make it up for me. Oh boy did he!! The show was hilarious I would recommend it to anyone in a heartbeat not suitable for children but it is stated on the website. Carrot Top is very personable and interacted with the crowd very often I can't remember who opened up the show for the first 10 minutes but the guy was awesome as well. I would definitely come back to see carrot top any night and I would recommend him to family and friends. Good job carrot top you are a true comedian. Can't wait to see you again!!!!
5	Carrot Top is the most hilarious comedians in Vegas.  I've lost track of how many times we have seen his show in Vegas. First saw him at MGM years ago, his show is always non stop laughter .  One of these days maybe I'll get a cup of crown during the show!  You can't go wrong buying tickets to his show.
5	Carrot Top, a must to see for anyone in Vegas, if you want an absolute fun/entertainment this you can't miss! our family and friends love it! and we would see it every time  we can... don't take our comment, go and see it for yourself!
5	So freaking funny! I did not stop laughing through the entire show. If I could, I'd go multiple times in one trip. Great energy, interactive with the crowd, and never lost my attention. Loved it!
5	My husband and I enjoyed the show very much. We literally laughed the whole time.  We both thought it was fantastic and highly recommend.
5	Fantastic!  Robin Williams legacy lives on in carrot top!  We laughed so hard we cried!!!  You can see the influence that Willis left and Ctop still has his own style!  Great great show!!  Not for kids!
5	Carrot Top is incredible live. Go see this show if you are in Vegas. My wife and I saw this show on our honeymoon and we were laughing non stop. This guy does not disappoint.
5	This show was SO much funnier than I would have expected. The only reason we went is because it was the next show to play and I was pleasantly surprised. I would highly suggest this show to anyone who is a fan of comedy.
5	Last time I saw Carrot Top was 25yrs ago at UNLV when he was still a scrawny-up and coming comedian... Thought he was hilarious then, but didn't think he would be as  cleaver or original Now that I've "Matured" and have a little more sophisticated sense of humor... WRONG!!! He still was witty as ever and kept me laughing like I was in college again... Great job Carrot Top.  I would recommend this show to anyone, and I don't recommend too many shows.
5	We came on a Sunday night and got 2 for carrot top Section 2, row G seats. I think retail comes out to $70ea - stadium seating. No big head problems. - As you wait for people to find their seats, there are clips of animals humping each other and guys getting their ding dongs hit. haha - Foreplay comedian, Ron, is pretty funny. About a 10min or so stand-up - Carrot Top is hilarious. I was laughing from start to finish.- A comedic that makes fun at even himself. Cheers. - Not for kids. Dildos and Crown Royal shots- Absolutely no pictures or using cell phones. Staff are hawks! LOL- Creative props. Jokes on Vegas, celebs, music, sports, current events, stereotypes, everything... - Crazy ending. Confetti! Well-worth it! Must watch.
5	Dude is still hilarious!!  If you're worried (which I was),...don't be...his show will surpass your expectations!
5	Watched the show with my 71 year old mom and my 19 and 21 year old niece and nephew,  everyone in the group had a blast,  my mom said carrot top comedic timing just top it off,  I say carrot top being so observant and making fun of everyday common stuff makes anybody relates to his show,  had a good family laugh last night
5	Great show! Being a Carrot Top fan for years, I went in with high expectations, which were far exceeded! I laughed the entire show and can appreciate how well he reads his audience. This is definitely an 18+ show, as there is a lot of adult humor.
4	Show was pretty funny.  Lots of props and funny jokes.  It was better than I expected it to be!
4	My husband heard from his friend this show was hilarious.  When we got tickets to this show, I went in thinking this show was not going to be that funny. I was wrong. It was hilarious.  It was completely the opposite of what I had in mind.  I definitely recommend going to this show.
4	Bought tickets on a whim since my bf and I didn't know what to do Sunday night. Stopped by tix4tonight and tickets were $97.40 total for two tickets after a $4 discount cpn from online. Normal tickets from the luxor box office are around $65 total each so about a $16 discount but seat choices were limited since almost all the tickets were sold. If I had known ahead of time that I was going to see the show, I probably would've booked online.We got row D seats 28 and 29 which were close to the door and to the side but I don't think we missed out on anything. Since it's a comedy, most of the action happens center stage. I think it's better to sit up closer to the side than it would be to be in the middle but further back. A lot of his comedy is props so it pays to be sitting closer. He does a lot of one liners so if a joke doesn't fly with you, there are probably others that would make you laugh. My bf thought everything was funny but I found some of the more unoriginal stuff unamusing. But the jokes referencing other celebrities or Las Vegas were spot on. I found it funny for the most part but wasn't laughing at all times so that's why this is a 4 for me.
5	OMG Carrot Top is hysterical!  We have traveled to Vegas for many years and just never thought about seeing him.  This time we said what the heck and purchased tickets.  I was hesitant as we had gone to see Gordy Brown at the Golden Nuggett and his show was so stupid that we never laughed once.  Well, we are in our 60's so we weren't sure if CT would offend us or make us uncomfortable in any of his show.  He shows a short film at the beginning of his childhood and a lot of crazy stunts he did.  We laughed our heads off.  It was soooo funny!!  CT came out and we started laughing as he went through his trunks pulling out props.  We didn't stop laughing until the show was over.  We were crying from laughing so hard.  What a great guy and so personable with the audience that you felt like you knew him.  We highly recommend seeing Carrot Top at The Luxor!!!  Just do it--you'll love it.  Definitely the best show on the Strip.  Thanks Carrot Top for the best part of our trip to Vegas and we're still talking about some of your routine!
5	My husband is a big fan so this was his pick.  I never really saw much of Carrot Top so I did not know what to expect.  OMG! I never laughed so hard!  We laughed from begining to end.  The props were clever and liked that he broke it up with bouts of stand up comedy.  Not a ton of profanity and just day to day funny observations.  My husband laughed so hard he got a headache and I had to close my legs to keep from peeing my pants!!! Great GREAT show! worth every penny.  My only reccommendation is to bring a sweater because it is VERY COLD in there.  I assume because CT runs around 100 miles an hour that he must request cooler conditions.   Very small venue so no seat is really bad.
5	You cannot go wrong seeing Carrot Top in las vegas.  His show is amazing and will have you laughing the entire time.  I've been to tons of las vegas shows and Carrot Top is at the top of my list.  It's proof that you don't have spend lots of money on big cirque du soleil productions that over-promise and under deliver.  Carrot Top show tickets will run you around $65 a ticket and every seat in the small theater gets you a great view of the show.  One of my favorite parts of the show was when Carrot Top came into the audience and gave people in the first 5-6 rows shots of Crown Royal if they wanted them.  He actually walked around and passed them out himself.  It was awesome to see a performer interact that closely with his audience and I honestly thought it was a really great touch.  The show itself it definitely not for small children so leave your kids at home.
4	Carrot Top puts on an awesome show.  He really seems to feed on the audience, and care about really entertaining people.  He is not nearly as raunchy and crude as a lot of the stuff on the Vegas strip, but if you are offended by seeing a dildo used a  a prop for comedic effect this is not the show for you.
5	Carrot Top had me laughing the entire time!His show is located in the Luxor in the Atrium Showroom.  Small theatre = good seats anywhere!  Just a warning they keep the air condition to South Pole temperatures so bundle up!His opening comic was funny to start! He isn't out on stage very long but warms up the crowd.  Once Carrot Top hits the stage, it's continuous jokes with a little rock n roll at the end.  He has a good balance of his prop comedy with funny stand up.  He even spends a little time poking fun at himself! He ends the show dressing up as different singers rocking out to a fun variety of songs.  The show is funny and entertaining.  I enjoyed every second!
4	I was invited to the show with some fellow Yelpers. The theatre was small and intimate. A good venue to watch a show like this.The seats were roomy and comfortable. Carrot was very funny- his jokes were of a wide range of topics like: sports, politics, music, romance, Hollywood, etc. It's definitely not a show for the faint of heart or someone easily offended. He offered a mixture of jokes about the props he had and did some stand up comedy in between. He also showed some really hilarious video clips. There were lights and sound effects that added to the evening.  He interacted with the audience and allowed for a bit of heckling. Only negative thing was that they had the AC blaring the entire time. My feet and hands were freezing- so cold that it almost made the hour and a half unbearable.
5	Going to see a show in Vegas? MAKE IT CARROT TOP.The boy and I went to Vegas for four days. We weren't then really into gambling (still not too much) or doing the typical partying thing, so we bought tickets to shows every night. Carrot Top was by far the best of the four, and the cheapest.I think I paid $80 total for two tickets. The showroom is a smaller size and we were almost sitting in the back row and the seats were still awesome. Before Carrot Top came on, an opener came on for about 5-10 minutes and he was awesome! Carrot Top then came on and had us laughing the entire time. For most of the show, he does one liners or quick jokes. If you don't like one, there's something new coming in a few seconds so don't sweat it. He was pulling props out and using them to crack jokes; it was hysterical. I'm pretty sure I was crying a few times during the show. I also got an ab workout because I was laughing so hard and so much.I originally bought tickets because I read the great reviews on here and my boyfriend was hesitant. He couldn't believe people gave him so many 5 stars. Seems to be a common problem for most people. Seriously though, stop judging, buy his tickets, and you will have the time of your life.
5	I really really enjoyed Carrot Top!  I wasn't sure what to expect, and braced myself for goofy prop comedy.  But the props were only about 25% of his show, and they were actually pretty funny.  I laughed all the way through his show, which at times was a little "adult" ... if you're uber-sensitive, you might be put off.  Not me, though!He's a skilled comic, did a well-rounded set covering TONS of topics ... he's rapid-fire to be sure.  He's very self deprecating about his looks and reputation -- even showed a clip from Family Feud "Name an annoying celebrity you wish would just go away..." and the lady said "Carrot Top!"  Awww.... (I'm laughing again as I type this!)He did quite a lot of musical parody, poking fun at pop stars, country singers, etc.Honestly, it was just funny stuff, pure and simple -- and a great theater with excellent views.  Used to be an IMAX theater, so the seating is sort of steep rows of comfy chairs with clear, unimpeded sight lines.He even ran around during a break and poured out shots of Crown Royal to dozens of folks in the crowd!  Free premium scotch ... hard to beat that  :^)Go ... you'll enjoy it!
5	2nd time to see the man... this is such a good show!  He is so funny, creative, talented, and you are guaranteed to have a good time. His stand up is hillarious.  His props are also awesome, my husband jokes that he probably owns the record for patented inventions.  :)  His routine changes a bit each time with current events, love that...and will probably go a 3rd time
5	WOW!! What an awesome show!!! It was my bf birthday and he wanted to see this show. I was skeptical at first but I was laughing throughout the entire show. 90 mins long. We loved every minute of it. You learn that DELTA: stands for Don't Expect Luggage to Arrive. Best show ever! Tons of props! Awesome lighting and sounds! Carrot top has us laughing one joke to the next! Highly recommend!!!! You have to go!!!!Here's how we saved money go to tix4tonight, print your coupon online you save $2 each person. Then buy the tickets at the booth, lots of location on the strip. Go to box office at the Luxor and pick out your seats. First come first serve on seats. Ta-dah! You save money! There are 11 rows in the theater and all the seat are great! Worth every penny!!FYI!!!! ITS FREEZING INSIDE MAKE SURE YOU WEAR A JACKET OR GO DRUNK!
4	Redhead Tidbit: Asians and Africans do not carry the redhead gene. In fact, the only Asian redhead I know is Hwoarang from Tekken - he's not even real. We snagged free tickets and honestly, I wasn't too thrilled about seeing this show. I had the impression that Carrot Top would be this creepy-looking, cocky, douchebaggy redhead SOB with lame jokes. Picking up the tickets and finding the theater was confusing. Not even the people that work in Luxor know where it's at. How sad. It's on the same floor as Jabbawockeez, the food court and Taco & Tequila. The box office is to the left of the big white Jabbawockeez mask and the Atrium is where Carrot Top is at. We watched videos of extreme sports and what seemed like 90's episodes of "America's Funniest Home Videos"...which ended with animal porn.My soul very mistaken about Carrot Top. I was laughing 90-95% of the time. I'm just not too sure what happened on the remaining 5-10%. The show lasted 1.5 hours with an opening act. He had lots of props, cock jokes, dildos, pubes, musical references and whatever the hell is wrong with today's society (i.e. Kim Kardashian and Justin Bieber), NASCAR, Chris Angel, Vegas, etc. He made fun of his self and those that made fun of him for being a redhead having cosmetic surgery. I was waiting on jokes from a paricular South Park episode but that didn't happen. It was a lot of information to take in and for him to come up with so many topics and ideas without missing a beat on stage was remarkably incredible.  He kept going on and on, joke after joke, and prop after prop. Shots of Hennessy and music parody towards the end seemed like a filler.The only concern I had was that it was super cold in the Atrium. All the seats were taken and I was hoping other people's body heat would help but not really. So, bring a light jacket.
5	A hidden gem in Las Vegas.Carrot Top is one of the funniest shows I have attended.Laughed for an hour and a half.  Carrot Top makes fun of all topics to include himself.Everyone that comes to Vegas should see this show and it is reasonably priced.  Best value for a show yet.No bad seats anywhere at the show.Funny, funny, funny!
5	We started laughing when we sat down for the opening comedian (didn't catch his name) and didn't stop until Carrot Top was done his act. I didn't know too much about the show prior, just that we got half price tickets and heard he was 'pretty funny'. Well, that was an understatement! There isn't a bad seat in the house as it is a small venue and Carrot Top even shares his booze! We would have paid full price knowing what I know now and would recommend the show if you are looking to laugh.
5	So my friend recommended this show and I was hesitant at first.  He said Carrot Top is so funny.  I am happy I took his advice.  We used a M Life special and the front row center was only $40/ticket.  That is practically a steal.  Carrot Top was so funny.  Since we sat in the first row, he incorporated us into the show.  He also has a shot of Crown with everyone in the first row.  Anyway Carrot Top puts on a really great and funny show.  I would definitely recommend this show for anyone who wants to laugh.
5	Despite the great reviews, I braced myself for disappointment.  But the reviews were spot on, Carrot Top is a great time.  The prop comedy is really great in person and Carrot Top has a great delivery and connection with the audience.  He's a really likable guy and not freakish like some of his pictures on the internet might make you think.A few negative reviews complained about excessive language, especially the F-word.  I did not find that to be the case.  No more than 10 uses of the "F" word.  He did have several running jokes where he used the "C" word (for male anatomy) but the way he used it was not overly crass.
5	When our boss said he bought the group Carrot Top tickets I didn't know what to think. Is this going to be good?  I went in with an open mind. To my surprise, he was hilarious!  I laughed the entire time. I really left with a new appreciation of his talent. I have a whole new view of this guy, and the girls kept commenting how he was in such great shape. "Keep it up,  Carrot Top!"
4	This was the 4th time I've seen Carrot Top on stage. Twice when he toured and twice now in Vegas. His Vegas show seems to be getting a little tired as about half of the show is the same as I saw in 2010. The finale of the show was almost exactly the same as 2010. Still had plenty of laughs but I feel he could do more with it. If you haven't seen him, you will have a blast. I had tears in my eyes once just from the new material. Even if you don't think a "prop comic" is for you, if you like to laugh, this is a must see.
5	If I could give ten stars I would and it still wouldn't be enough.  This show is amazing.  I have seen it three times and cannot wait to see carrot top next week when he is in ny.  He is absolutely hysterical, very topical and just a nice normal guy.  He is a genius as a prop comic.  There is nothing I can say bad about this show.  This is a must see when in Vegas.  You will not regret it. Every seat in the theater is a good one.  They now have meet and greets so you can meet him.  All the billboards are correct, carrot top is worth the trip.  If all you do in Vegas is see him it's totally worth the flight and hotel.  It's basically a one stop shop for all the shows because he spoofs other Vegas shows.  Everything he says about Vegas is hilarious and true! He is the best thing to ever happen to Las Vegas.  Like C-top always says, Vegas is a family town....we have booze, we have gambling, we have prostitution.....bring the kids!  And he's not bad to look at either.
5	My wife has seen Carrot Top on many TV shows and wasn't impressed. I suggested we go see his live show to get the live experience. Now she is Impressed !! In her words, "His show was fantastic !! It was a super Carrot Top show. It was fast witty laugh out loud jokes, props, skits, dancing, impersonations, rock & roll, great lighting, free whiskey shots, costumes.... Everything but a dog and a pony !! Carrot Top is an unbelievable talent. It was by far the best comedy show either one of us has ever seen. We left in a great mood !! Only bummer was after the show they were out of the T-shirt that my wife wanted.
4	Really funny! Don't judge it just because it's carrot top. The ending of the show was stupid but the rest if the show was really good. Go see it!
5	Funniest, most entertaining show in Vegas.   I'm not kidding! I have no affiliation with Luxor or CT.....I'm just someone who's seen his show a few times.  1st time was at another hotel in Vegas (MGM)....I was there on business, and wanted to take my staff somewhere after dinner (I hadn't planned anything, so needed to find something at the last minute).  Since it was mid-week, we were able to speak with the Concierge and score some tickets.  Though the theater was full, we sat right up front (must have been reserved seats for high-rollers / whales who didn't show?).  Anyway, I/we laughed non-stop, from start to finish.  I mean, we were dying.  There wasn't even a dull spot.  The entire set KILLED!  I always wondered if maybe it wasn't really THAT funny, and maybe we were just in a good mood that night?  2nd time-  back in Vegas at Luxor now...with my girlfriend.  I told her how much I enjoyed Carrot Top....and wanted to see him again.  I wanted to take her and check his show out again, somewhat to see if it was really as funny as I recalled.  I had also been advertising to everyone in LA ever since how funny he was.  Sure enough, funniest show I've ever seen.  She agreed.  I've been back a couple other times since...and tell all my friends that CT is honestly the most entertaining show in Vegas.  I've seen most (75%) of the "major" shows in Vegas.  Maybe it's because I'm a Florida guy (Orlando) from the 80s.....but Carrot Top is the most entertaining comedy based show in Vegas.   Trust me....you'll enjoy the show!
5	I was unsure of going but so glad I did.  I really enjoyed the show he is very funny and humble.
5	Love this show! This has got to be the best comedy show I've seen in Vegas! I've seen it twice in less than 2 years and still love it! He had me laughing hysterically from the beginning to the end both times. It was also nice to see that on my 2nd visit, not all the jokes are the same, but even the ones that I remember are still freakin funny! Hell, even the brief opening act was funny and that almost never happens!Carrot Top is the king of prop comedy, with nearly every joke revolving around props that he either made or repurposed for the show. This is definitely an adult show, as many of his jokes and punchlines are about cocks...And although the show is only 90 minutes long, he covers a lot of ground and jokes because most props only take seconds to present. The theater is fairly small and there really isn't a bad seat/view anywhere. If you sit closer to the front though, you might have a chance at getting a free shot of Crown Royal to drink with Carrot Top towards the end when he roams the audience trying to meet people.
5	I read the reviews just like you are now and I know what you're thinking:  Is it possible that Carrot Top is actually funny?  Are these reviews all fake?Ask yourself a question:  Why do some people hate Carrot Top???  Did he actually do something wrong?  Answer: No, there is just some stupid bandwagon to hate on this guy.We stayed at the MGM and I was looking for a comedy show that was close to our hotel (Carrot Top plays at the Luxor).  I could not believe the number of positive reviews for his show.  For some reason I thought that Carrot Top would be awful... but I realized I have no real reason not to like the guy.We got discounted tickets from Tix4Tonight.  The venue is small and great, not a bad seat in the house.  Seriously, the back row has great seats.  The opening comedian was fairly funny, and Carrot Top was outstanding.  My significant other had never heard of Carrot Top and she was talking about his show for 3 straight days.  Also, the show was long (in a good way).  The entire show lasted over 2 hours.  The price + show experience is one of the best deals on the Strip.  I also like that he made fun of himself and pointed out stupid reasons people claim to hate him.He gave out shots of Crown Royal (I think) to some of the audience.  It looked like he poured the entire bottle.  He did a big musical number at the end.  It was just okay, but it seemed like it was one of his favorite things to do.
4	Great show. He was so funny and creative. The theater was a perfect size with no bad seats. Didn't like the opening comedian but he was only up there a few minutes so it didn't really matter. The entire time Carrot Top was on stage I was laughing. Not a disappointment.
4	After knowing of Carrot Top for years and seeing so many of his bits on TV I finally decided to go see him. I still remember his collect call commercials. There are no bad seats in the auditorium. It has stadium seating and the seats are curved toward the stage. They sell popcorn and souvenir sodas for about $8 each. I got some but it was't worth it. It sounded good at the time.Carrot Top was very funny with his props. He has a lot of energy. He also interacted with the audience toward the end (mostly with the front row audience). I think the show was well worth it for the price. I got a discounted ticket for about $33.
5	I was pleasantly surprised by what a solid, entertaining show this was! Carrot Top is hilarious-really glad we went!
