5	Finally there is a good Indian restaurant in Henderson/Las Vegas with amazing service!  I spent months traveling in India and know what the dishes are supposed to taste like and that there is supposed to be some actual flavor involved.  The Taj Palace does not disappoint and is able to deliver authentic Indian food - not the bland stuff served in the majority of other restaurants in LV.    Do yourself a favor and check this place out.
5	"Excellent: really good Indian food". I am non-Indian but fan of any type of curries, I have tried almost all the Indian restaurants in Las Vegas, but this one has the most different and authentic tasting Indian food. They have really good biryani and chicken curries. Plus point is that it is in Henderson. I had food there last year but it wasn't good so I stopped going there, but I think the owners have been changed and they have created this into a very nice atmosphere with friendly staff. I am happy that I don't have to go far for great tasting Indian food anymore. I recommend taking your guests to this place.
3	To be perfectly honest, I was slightly disappointed. Call me obsessed, but I came in fully expecting to see murgh makhani in one of the lunch buffet trays. Unfortunately, all I saw was its boring cousin - chicken tikka masala.On the bright side, the absence of my favorite dish caused me to try a lot more than I usually do. I was happy to see goat curry and it was pretty good. The other dish that stood out for me was the mutter paneer. I didn't care for the cheese, but I enjoyed the peas and the curry was a decent dipping sauce for the garlic naan (this is where murgh makhani excels IMHO).Incidentally, I did see murgh makhani on the menu, so they definitely serve it. I just wish it was in the lunch buffet like at Namaste. For that silly reason, I give the edge to Namaste, but Taj Palace is still A-OK.
4	Update: Still no Butter Chicken in the lunch buffet :/However, I did find a new item that I enjoyed quite a bit - Methi Chicken. The sign says the dish contains spinach. If that's true, then it's not Methi Chicken. Maybe they just figure it's easier to write "spinach" than to explain what "methi" is. In any case, it was good.I've also discovered Kheer. It's an Indian rice pudding finished with nuts, raisins, and cardamom. For some reason, I've never had this dessert before, but it is absolutely delicious.Despite Butter Chicken still being MIA, I think a star upgrade is in order.
4	So someone would call me crazy for yelping this place again and I usually don't even Yelp.  I was craving their food again so had to make another trip there.I really had a great experience and this time I went with my guests and they loved it as well. 41/2 stars this time because I know the staff is really friendly but I think the person who takes the order just need to speak up a little bit. He speaks so softly that I have hard time understanding so I am just hoping for an enthusiastic person to take my order next time. I would go again to eat :)
5	Went there today and let me tell you that's one amazing buffet they have or I should say the best Indian buffet in town. I have no idea how they are surviving over 30 items for just $9.99. Had a chat with the Chef and he knows what he is talking about especially when it comes to food he is one knowledgeable person. Over all awesome place to go for buffet. I am going there for dinner tommorow with bunch of friends and looking forward to it (bit excited) long story short best Indian food in whole Las Vegas hands down.
5	I really liked this place a lot.  I am a little scared of Indian food, because not sure exactly what I am ordering.  The waiter was really nice and explained everything, without being sarcastic.  We ordered a couple of things, that was good, but next time, their medium will defintely not be okay.  Very hot for me.  I think mild next time is the key.  I love spicy food but am used to the asian spicy so this was a little much for me.  I will pass on the app platter too, and go straight for the samosas, which were so good.  The only thing that kinda sucked for me that it closed between lunch and dinner for a couple hours...whats up with that.  Aren't we still a 24 hour town.  Lunch and dinner hours...what is that???  Oh and excellent mango lassies...
4	Tried their lunch buffet today and thought it was pretty good.The upside: they have a variety of dishes and choices for vegetarians:Yellow dal(they had a name for this dish but I forgot)-It was yellow lentils and squash with tamarind and spices...really really yummy. I had 2 helpingsPalak paneer-spinach and cottage cheese-very good. its a bit spicy though. I love spicy food and found it a little extra spicy.potato and peas-goodchana masala-good but very oilybhindi-was ok. (i make bhindi better;)pakora-I had one and thought it was too much oil. tasted okthey had a couple of more vegetarian dishes(I think 6 in all) and 4 chicken/lamb dishes and rice that I did not try. Was told that they were quite good.I also tried the mango chutney and coriander chutney which tasted great. They had several more condiments available. The raita/yogurt with cucumber tasted good too.The server brought water and asked us what kind of naan we wanted. Unfortunately they did not have tandoori roti which is a healthier bread but who am I kidding(there's nothing healthy about the meal. Well, with the exception of the salad, spinach and  yogurt I guess:)We got naan - and it was good. It had a generous helping of butter so we requested one without and he brought it out quickly. The naan was crisp, fresh and tasted amazing!The restaurant was quite busy but the server did a good job keeping our glasses filled with water and asking if we needed anything else.Its definitely one of the better Indian meals I've had here in Vegas.
2	My indian wife and I are bigtime fans of good indian food, so we thought we'd give Taj a try this Sunday night.  After waiting 42 minutes from the time we ordered to the time we were served (four other tables were seated), we received what was literally the SALTIEST indian food (perhaps saltiest restaurant food) we've ever paid for.It is our assumption that their chutneys are "from the jar" and their sauces are pre-made, then cooked down over the course of the day (or longer) to the point where salt is the predominent spice.Moreover, the level of cream and grease in the food was dissappointing and likely to give Indian food a bad name in the mind of first timers.If you find yourself standing in front of Taj, turn to your left and go the the Thai place next door.  It's actually pretty good, pretty speedy and less expensive.If you want very, very good indian food in the Vegas Valley, drive your car away from Taj and drive to Samosa Factory on Sahara and Decatur.  That is a place I will return to a few times each month as long as it remains open.  Indeed, if it were a bit closer to our house, we'd go to Samosa Factory every week.  I will not return to Taj.  Sorry guys.  Make your sauces fresh and dial back the salt and use a little ingenuity to make your food flavorful without all the grease/cream and you might have a shot at something decent.  As it stands, your days are numbered.______________________________________________________As a follow up to my review, one of the co-owners of Taj contacted me through yelp with the following message:"Hi this is the co-owner of Taj Palace. I am very regretful about your experience in our restaurant. We are new in town and served hundreds of people so far (including buffet and a la carte) and never had any guest regretting about their decision to come to Taj Palace. Personally I am feeling really bad about what happened with you. If you could have told your server about the food we wouldn't even have charged you anything because here in Taj palace we try to give people the real touch of authentic Indian food, we shipped all our spices from India and never had any problem. As customer satisfaction is our number one priority. As far as our chutneys goes we make it fresh every day and throw away all the leftovers. Once again I am sorry about your expereince and would like to make it up to you. So, if you decide to come next time for lunch (which you should) we will take care of both of you guys and would like to redeem the status of Taj Palace."So, Taj gets points for customer service.
4	I enjoyed the food here and the servers were very nice. We had the chicken tiki masala and lamb vindaloo, both were good. The naan with the onions were delicious but the onion bhajis was not that great. I'd go back because it's local, nothing really wowed me.
5	Personally, it's the best Indian food I have ever experienced. My friend, whom I dined with lived in London when she was younger and enjoyed a lot of fantastic Indian food while she was there. She also quite enjoyed it. We had veggie samosa, and chile naan with chicken Tikka marsala. The staff was really accommodating and were very helpful. I will say that we ordered medium heat and it was almost too hot at times. We agreed to level 5 heat, loved it but will probably go with 4 or 3 next time...lol. Anyhow, we will be back for the lunch buffet.
4	After a fabulous experience at another Indian buffet in town, my sister and I were very excited to try this place. It is located next to one of our fave thai places close to our house. :D We were not disappointed. We came a half an hour before the lunch buffet ended, I recommend getting there a bit earlier because they seriously start to remove food at three on the dot. The naan was fresh and delicious, the sweet rice was yummy and the tikka masala was to die for. I could just eat the sauce on rice and live happily ever after. Wonderful cucumber/yogurt sauce and I don't know what kind of crack they put into the rice pudding with slivered nuts but it was addictive. I wanted to take the steam tray full and run out of the door. Good service besides feeling rushed to finish when it hit three, and we will definitely go here again.
4	I got the mixed grill. The lamb and shrimp were overcooked and dry, but everything else was very good. The fact that there are no other good Indian restaurants in Henderson/Green Valley makes this an easy choice to return. The service was very good, the prices were fair, and overall, the food was delicious
5	Seven days a week, 11-3, Taj Palace has a lunch buffet for $9.99.  Located in the the shopping center on Eastern and Richmar, this new Indian restaurant is rich in decor and cuisine. The hand painted tapestry style wall mural, lantern style light fixtures, and open lighting gives a bright look that most Indian places lack. The service was the best I have had in a long time. As we sat ourselves, the waiter came over to ask what kind of naan we would like and filled our water glasses. Throughout the meal, our dirty plates never stayed on the table for more than 5 minutes, if even that long. Water glasses were promptly refilled at the half way mark as well. The food was consistent. I found that I did not hate anything, but the tandoori chicken was dry. The garlic naan is amazing. When brought out, it was piping hot and topped with a copious amount of garlic. The line had two different kinds of rice; basmati and a vegetable biryani. They also had somosas that were tasty. The saag (spinach) here was delicious, but did not have the paneer (handmade cheese). The other non-meat dish I really liked was the veggies in the yellow curry. For those who love their meat, do not fret, because Taj Palace offer some dishes for the carnivores as well. The chicken tikka masala was creamy and possessed a deep, rich flavor. The goat curry was tender and not gamey.Do not forget to get a bowl of the kheer (rice pudding) before leaving. Taj Palace's version is not too sweet and has cashews for a nice crunch. It was the perfect end to a great meal.
5	I have to admit I was hesitant to try Indian food with their bold spices and rich flavors but now I could kick myself for waiting sooo long. This is now my second trip to Taj Palace for their lunch buffet and I'm in love! All their dishes are rich in flavor and oh so good. I have not tried any other places in town so I have nothing to compare to but at this rate who cares, I love having them so close to my house. My first visit there I fell in love with a carrot pudding with it's sweet texture and shredded bits of carrot, it is perfection on my spoon. So I was disappointed that they didn't have it out this time when I came in since I had been craving it for 2 weeks. When the waiter came by to see how our meals were I sadly told him how much I loved their carrot dish and how much I'd been craving it. He smiled and said yes it is good isn't it and walked away. After devouring all their other yummy vegetarian dishes plus the oh so scrumptious, piping hot naan bread, I almost choked back my mouth of food in surprise to see the waiter carrying out a bowl full of my carrot dish to the table!!! I couldn't believe how awesome and attentive he was. That's what I call service ;D at that point I had already overeaten and could not take more than 2 bites so I kindly asked for a take home box ashamed to waste such perfection. I'm glad my taste buds have finally matured to try the wonderful new cultural flavors I've introduced them too. LOL I can't wait to go back and I recommend this place to everyone I know!!!!
2	I had high hopes Taj Palace but should have known that this place is destined to be another flop in the bucket of sub par Indian restaurants in Las Vegas. My family and I had dinner here last night. We ordered several different naans, rotis, and kulchas. The naans were undercooked and you could pull at the doughy centers. The rotis were too thick and you couldn't tell them apart from the naan. We ordered chicken kadai and butter chicken. Both dishes are rich but the oil floating on top of the chicken kadai was just gross. The chicken pieces in the murgh makani (butter chicken) were strange bits with tiny bones. I was hoping for good quality white chicken breast. We also ordered a shrimp dish but all you could taste was the tomato base. It lacked the spicy kick we were looking forward to. On the other hand, the servers were very polite and friendly. The ambiance could use improvement. I'm all about energy efficient lighting, but the white lights gave the place a cafeteria-like feel. How much longer do we have to wait before we can get the quality Indian food of cities like Chicago, NY and LA?
5	We are so thrilled to have excellent Indian food so close to home! I can't believe we didn't try it sooner.  We loved the Menu with all the many items not found in every Indian restaurant.  I love hot, spicy Vindaloo sauce, which was cooked to perfection in their Lamb Vindaloo.  My husband had the Lamb Madras, not quite so hot, also cooked to perfection.  The accompaniments of Basmati rice and Naan bread, along with delicious Mango Chutney and cool, refreshing cucumber Raita more than our expectations.  The service was great and the ambiance as well.  The best part was, we had leftovers for lunch the next day! Next we will try their lunch Buffet. We will highly recommend it to all lovers of Indian Cuisine as well as novices who want to try something to really treat their palate, especially lovers of spicy, hot food, like myself. Their offer of Dine-In and Carry-Out, as well as Catering makes it complete!
5	Excellent Indian Restaurant. Food was really good, and so was the service and atmosphere. I love that you could choose the spicy level from 1 to 10, I mean it's Indian food so that's a major factor. I went with 9 on the spicy scale and it was deliciously spicy. I highly recommend trying this place.
5	I was really hesitant reviewing an indian restaurant. Since living in LV for 3 years I had pretty much resigned myself to the idea that indian restaurants were just mediocre. Taj Palace completely changed my idea and I think it's the best place for real (i.e. not covered in oil and cream) indian food. My hubby and I have been here a few times, and even brought other friends out here who loved it! Firstly, the food is really fresh which is important. The pieces of meat they serve are big cubes, the flavors are bold and remind me of how my family cooks. We've tried their lunch buffet which has a really big variety of veg and non-veg food, I love that they bring fresh naan to your table! I have to say that we tried their veg samosa  and it was one of the best we've ever had, crispy on the outside and piping hot on the inside. I think i even dreamed about their mango lassi, it's so good. We've tried a variety of their chicken dishes and while they do an amazing murgh makani (butter chicken) last night we tried their chicken kadai (chicken with green peppers and onions) and my hubby LOVED it! I was craving aloo parantha (a bread stuffed with potatoes and peas)  and saag paneer (spinach and cheese cubes) and it blew me away. In fact, the food is even better the next day!  The service is amazing, and everyone is really nice. They remember us from previous visits and that makes it more special when we eat there. Unlike other indian restaurants where we've waited 10-15 minutes to even get water, here they serve you drinks immediately. Also, I would give them an extra star because they are one of the few indian places that serve ras malai which is hands down my favorite dessert in the world. And it was soft and perfect and delicious, I didn't even share it! All in all, we'll be regulars here for a long time!
5	Great service, very flavorful, authentic (of course) yummy dishes, huge menu. I'll be trying the lunch buffet as soon as I'm in that area of town during noon. Happy to give Taj five stars.
4	Decided to try this place due to a restaurant.com gift certificate and we are completely glad we did.We ordered the Tandoori Jhinga (shrimp), chicken tikka masala, one regular naan, one garlic naan, and a mango lassi.Everything was great! Chicken tikka masala was spiced just right (..I think we could've handled a bit more spiciness) and shrimp tandoori was yummy. Garlic naan was a bit overcooked so we ordered a regular naan, which was just right. The restaurant itself is in a great location, spacious, with nice ambience. Overall, I'm glad there's an Indian restaurant in the Silverado area definitely worth a repeat visit :)
5	Best curry I've had in a really long time! I actually had a sit down dinner here as I'm not much for buffets.  It's a little pricey, but worth every penny. We had a tikka masala, lamb rojan josh, and the mattar paneer. Each dish was cooked to perfection and had its own flavor profile, like it's supposed to. So many curry houses seem to have a one size fits all base sauce, which ruins the food. Thankfully, this is not the case at Taj. The portions were generous in both size and with meat content. Though it was a little at the high end for a curry house, I do feel as though I got my money's worth.  They are still waiting on their booze license, so at this time, no beer or wine yet. I can't wait to go back and try some more of their yummy curries!
4	Good selection for the lunch buffet. Garlic naan was made fresh and the taste was very good. Great value for lunch.
4	A palace indeed!  Had the pleasure of having a late dinner and had my reservations as I walked into a nearly empty dining room.  Our waiter was awesome and was extremely welcoming.  Not too familiar with this type of cuisine so I relied heavily on recommendations.  Unfortunately I can't remember what I ordered... but I do remember enjoying it thoroughly.  I even requested 2nd's to take home for lunch the next day.  Stop by and give it a go!
4	Was a little skeptical because my family and I have eaten at quite a few Indian restaurants in town and there have only been a couple that have passed the test. Taj Palace is definitely another Indian restaurant that we will be frequenting in Las Vegas!
5	This place just reopened with new management and is absolutely amazing. The owner is very active and makes sure you are enjoying your meal. The food was spiced great and the service was awesome. This is definitely a place you could get into a habit of going. We will be backs ASAP!
2	It's an OK, Indian restaurant. Only reasons why its getting all the positive reviews is because its the only one in Henderson (specially on Eastern). I had their lunch buffet which was so-so, curries were cold and sort of tasteless. They were running low on food at the buffet and the rice was abysmal. How do you screw up rice? The best thing about this place is their garlic naan. I think its the freshsest naan I ever had at a buffet.There are better restaurants in Vegas, if you want good food, then go to Namaste or Mint Indian Bistro.
5	The friendly wait staff is here to please knowledgeable Indian food eaters. Complex flavors on traditional Indian dishes will treat you right. Check this place out. Recommendations: anything tikka masala, garlic naan and the sagg paneer. Cheers.
4	Last night, in his work-induced coma on his only night off in ages, my husband mumbled something about dinner... "what are you hungry for?  what have we not eaten in ages?  And then he answered his own question - Indian.   I remembered seeing positive reviews of a place on Eastern and found it on my yelp app, so off we went.  We entered with a bit of hesitation as the restaurant was empty with the exception of two diners... after waiting for what seemed forever, he acknowledged us and invited us to be seated.I recognized him, but couldn't place his face.  Maybe it was because he handed us menus while talking on a cordless phone and giving the other customers their check...multi-tasking.  Not good for an initial restaurant impression...the husband began to eyeroll me...But he became more forgiving as the server helped him through the enormous menu -- and we, as usual, overordered... Vegetable Samosas Chili PakorasTandoori ChickenChicken Tikka MasalaMango ChickenShrimp TikkaDalSaag with PotatoesZeera riceRaitaChili Garlic Naannot to mention the complimentary pappadums and chutneys and chilis...stop it!   Yes, enough food for days...My concerns that this would be steam table fare were put to rest once things began to arrive on the table.    Favorite dishes:  the vegetable samosas were incredibly flavorful and delicious.  Mango Chicken (even better than the tikka).  The two vegetable dishes, yellow lentils and the spinach were very satisfying, the rice simple and delicious, and the garlic chili naan was spectacular, particularly with the raita.  All in all a very good meal.Oh, and the server?  It's Jignesh, the former manager / server of Sai India Curry -- our favorite little chaat house near UNLV that zipped up unceremoniously a while back.  Beer (domestic only for now) and wine available.  It's a simple, lovely space with good food and kind service...and the owner is definitely Yelp savvy - he encouraged us a to write a yelp review as he bid us adieu...
5	Lunch buffet is great -- the only thing that would make it perfect is if they served aloo gobi.  Chutneys are fresh and delicious.  Haven't been there for dinner yet, but we definitely will.Staff is super-nice, service is excellent.  Great location.  We used to love India Palace, but hated to have to drive into the hood.If you like Indian food, you'll love this place.
5	Do I like Indian food? Yes, I like lots of flavor, being from Louisiana. I have had Indian food with some Indian friends of mine and I didn't have the heart to tell them they can't cook because I thought that's what Indian food must be like. Taj Palace had all the flavor I craved in every dish I ate.Lamb Samosa, Goat Curry, Lamb Kadai (too good), and the dish that stood out as interesting and fun was Mango Chicken Curry. I will be ordering that one again.
3	Taj Palace is located in an upscale strip mall and had been one of our go-to places for Indian food. Their lunch buffet is $10.95 and one of the better values in town. Their space has a bright and comfortable ambience. They offer a wide selection of vegetarian and meat dishes, some of which you don't typically see at other Indian buffets. I do wish they offered Butter Chicken instead of Chicken Tikka Masala because dark meat is more tender and tasty than white meat. They also include unlimited, fresh-baked plain or garlic naan with your lunch. For dessert, they usually offer kheer (rice pudding) and sometimes they also have halva. Actually, this is the first place I ever tried halva, and it was delicious.Service is friendly and generally efficient. On our last visit, I was disappointed by how they handled an incident where I discovered that I was chewing on a small strip of plastic imbedded in their curry. The staff initially denied it was plastic and said it was vegetable fiber. Once it became evident that it was indeed a piece of plastic. He said OMG, grabbed it and ran back into the kitchen. They never apologized or offered us any dispensation, nor did we ask for any.
4	my husband and I went to Taj Place, the food was good and tasty, the service was good, we really like it.
4	Just noticed a picture of Iron Mike Tyson posing with the owner, so apparently this must be a local favorite of his.  I came here awhile back for the lunch buffet and while the selection was fairly extensive, the single item that beckoned me to return was their garlic naan.   Served piping hot straight from the tandoori oven, the aroma is ethereal and it is one of the best I have ever had.  If you wait too long, the soft pillowy texture transforms into a stale saltine cracker-like consistency so please don't hold anything back and just attack that naan like Tyson on Holyfield's ear.I try to rate Indian restaurants on their regular menu rather than buffet since there can often be a steep drop off in quality of food although their buffet is somewhere between 3-4 stars.  On my return visit with a friend for dinner, we ordered the Goat Vindaloo and the Malai Kofta (vegetable balls served in a heavy cream sauce loaded with spices such as cumin, coriander, and chili) and a side of the chili garlic naan.  The server will ask you to give a number from 1-10 regarding spice level.  We chose 7 for the vindaloo and 5 for our vegetarian entry.  Combined with the chili garlic naan, our tastebuds were on overdrive for most of the meal and in retrospect, I think the garlic naan is perfect on its own minus the chilis and 5 is plenty of spice to perk up the flavors without constantly reaching for water.  The goat in the tangy and hot vindaloo sauce was amazingly tender and very flavorful and was accompanied by some nice hunks of potato.  I actually didn't mind the fact that some of the pieces were still attached to bone since those were some of the best parts.   The malai kofta balls were savory with the vegetable component, slightly sweet in part due to some raisins within the mixture, and the complex sauce was both creamy and spicy providing a beautiful spectrum of flavors.  Throw in the beautiful interior, nice choice in silverware and plating, and the excellent service, this is a great option for those venturing out to Henderson in the mood for something off the beaten path.  Do take advantage of the $5 off dinner coupon for checking in on Yelp and do not leave without partaking in the garlic naan.
5	I really enjoy this place, its very close to my boyfriends house so we always come here. The chicken tikka masala is very good, and the goat curry is great!! The servers are very friendly and treat customers very well. It is worth trying.Update: Their lunch buffet has been getting better and better by the day!!!!
5	We have been going here since they opened. Amazing food. Generous buffet from salad to vegetarian to chick & goat dishes.They also serve free naan with buffet you can even get garlic naan, fresh out of the oven. The service is always great, we never have to ask for a water or drinks. Plenty of parking too.
5	Mom got a coupon on the mail and decided to give this restaurant a try. We went in there with no expectations. The service was fantastic. Everyone was warm and attentive. I ordered chicken tandoori and mom got peas and potatoes in cream sauce. We ordered naan and rice. We also had delicious vegetarian zomosas. The food took a while which told us it was being cooked when we ordered and not sitting in a warmer. Everything was delicious. We are definitely going back for buffet. The restaurant is beautiful! Good Job Taj Palace!
4	This place is great!! I had their lunch buffet and I went home fully satisfied.We ordered Garlic Naan, and got food from the buffet line. Chicken tikka masala was  really good! It was tender and the sauce was delicious! My favorite way to eat Naan is to dip it in curry or dipping it in one of the dishes.  I devoured three baskets of Garlic Naan in no time. Their curry was excellent as well. Great place to satisfy your Indian appetite! Im getting hungry just talking about this place.
5	My wife and I took her brother and his wife to this fine Indian restaurant late on a Friday night. Luckily they are open until 10:30 PM. It was the first time we visited this fairly new restaurant. Since my wife's family has never had Indian food before, I wanted them to try some of the more tasty, but safe for beginners Indian dishes which I will discuss in a minute. We were greeted and seated quickly by warm and friendly people. Before we placed our order I asked for some papad to munch on. They brought out several pieces with two different types of sauces/chutneys that were just delicious. As an appetizer we ordered four vegetable samosas that were the best I've ever had. I thought I would go out on a limb and ask for one of my favorite Indian dishes, that is always off menu - the ultra delicious and elusive Chicken 65. Our waiter said that he would ask the chef. To my surprise, he returned with a yes; however, the chef needs a day in advance to prepare it. Definitely returning soon just for that dish alone. In lieu of Chicken 65, the chef recommended Chicken Kadai, which turned out to be excellent. On a heat scale of 1-10, I ordered an 8 and it was perfect. It was flavorful and saucy.  In addition, for our main courses we ordered Indian food staples such as Biryani, Chana Masala, and Tandoori Chicken. Biryani can be difficult to make correctly especially if you have eaten a lot homemade Biryani. It was the perfect complement to the other dishes. The portion was ideal since we were all sharing. The Chana Masala very tasty. The garbanzos were cooked perfectly and over all was very good. . We ordered a whole Tandoori Chicken which is enough for four people. It was brought to us on a sizzling platter. It was moist and scrumptious.  We opted for 3 orders of Naan - garlic, garlic chili, and plain. Perfectly seasoned and made fresh. You just can't eat Indian food without Naan. I highly recommend the Taj Mango Shake. They are so good, you will need your own because you won't want to share it. One sip and you're hooked. Have it with your meal or as a dessert. Either way, it's a must-have beverage. I can tell you that I have no need to go anywhere else for Indian food. This is it for me. Anywhere else would only be a gamble. I will be returning to try other dishes and of course I will call ahead to try their Chicken 65. Since everything else was so good, I know that I won't be disappointed
1	Dont know what the hype is about, nothing special have had alot better indian food, dry chicken tika ,rice tasted like it was a day old.. Best part was the naan bread and the cute waiter...
5	Close to my house, I think I found a new spot for my indian food pleasure. I had samosa, korma and naan. Yummy! I love the blend of spices in my korma. The somosa was the biggest I've seen. This is a MUST return place! Oh and a bonus, they have goat!!!!
5	Great Buffet. This is a vegetarian's haven. I took my vegetarian daughter here and everything was absolutely delicious. We both had the buffet which came with made to order garlic ( you can order it regular too) naan bread. I love spicy food and this place satisfies that craving. I've been to many Indians restaurants in Southern Nevada and California and I must say this place is in the top three. I ordered the lamb vindaloo to go at an 8 heat level. I was warned by owner Bobby that it would be very hot and I said I could handle it. I must say he was right!! It was a lively treat to the taste buds but it required some labor to get the heat down. Next time I will get it at level 6. I was very impressed by the portion of the dish. In my experience Indian restaurants are usually chintzy with meat portions. Taj Palace is very generous with their fare. I will be a frequent patron.
4	Great food!! I really loved their Curry Chicken and Tikki Chicken Masala and the fresh naan they serve to you in the beginning..soo good and soo fresh! I went to their Lunch buffet for the first time yesterday, a lot of selection to choose from and it is all very worth the price!  I brought my sleeping 4 mos. year old along with me. I had no idea she was going to wake up so suddenly and was crying the moment i would get up and get myself a fresh new plate of food. The very nice gentleman waiter that was there was so kind to go out of his way to help cheer my daughter up when she would cry. She was in all smiles afterwards!! =)    GREAT place, ambience, music, service, and definitely delicious food!  I am going back again very soon! =) Thank you again to the nice gentlemen waiter for making my daughter and I's first time experience at the restaurant  so wonderful!!
4	Really great food - flavor, spice, everything.  At first I was unsure about the price, but  the value is great: a ton of food, enough to share and for leftovers. Everyone that worked there was so nice and courteous. We'll definitely be back!
5	We were so happy to find this restaurant.  There is a pride of ownership here, and the food is made with love.  The food is so good, and they offer more Nan.... refill your glass of water.... are always polite and welcoming.  The best thing is the Tikka Massala.   It is not the watered down stuff like the Mint Indian Bistro.... although we like to go there too sometimes.   The food here is serious and if you like it spicy... you got it!    Lunch buffet is $10.95  and worth every penny.  Just take a small sample of everything on the buffet line, and you will leave with a smile.   One time they had samosas, and they were also great.  They don't always have that though...... Enjoy!  Don't forget to leave a little tip ha ha
4	Great lunch buffet! Beautiful and relaxing setting.  Nice waiters, friendlyWith good service.
5	Great service and great food! Loved it!
3	As a long time orange county kid and the son of Indian immigrants,  I have a pretty good understanding of quality South Asian cuisine. I've eaten a lot of it from restaurants and I've had it countless times in home cooked meals. Trust me then, when I say that this place is really just ok.It's well decorated, and the service was alright. We came here for a lunch buffet one time. I did find the garlic naan to be pretty tasty. But in the realm of indian cuisine, this establishment hardly impresses. Its hard for me to put into words exactly, but the flavor, texture, and quality of the ingredients were simply below what I expect from an indian place. Some of the curries were a bit bland. I wasn't particularly impressed by their chicken tikka. The lentils here are are a bit overcooked, and again, just not that good. Don't get me wrong-- its passable and worth trying. I think its a good place to go to for lunch-- indian food isn't something most people eat everyday. But if you want quality south asian food, there are much better places, even here in Vegas. Try the hole in the wall Kabob Corner in Fremont. It may not look impressive but their food tastes much fresher and is much better seasoned.
5	My husband and I stopped here for lunch and it was fantastic. We are normally a little skeptical of buffets but the food was all very fresh and hot. Plus there was a lot of selection. The place has a nice decor and a nice smell aside from the food. There was an underlying spicy incense smell. The price was just a little higher than the standard lunch buffet but it was definitely worth it due to higher quality. The service was good, our water glasses were never empty and the server checked on us repeatedly to make sure everything was to our liking. I would definitely recommend.
4	Food was good. Its close to my house and I had a groupon so decided to try since I love Indian food. Service was good. Saw that they offer a lunch buffet so may have to come back and try sometime
3	Was looking for an Indian restaurant for dinner in the Henderson area, and Taj Palace has 4*, so I figured why not.  I had the chicken tikki masala, and my date had the paneer tikkia masala.  We also had a side of rice and an Indian beer.  Even with the $5 Yelp discount, the bill came out to $37 after tax.  While the food was definitely good, as was the service, that just seems like a lot of money for what we ordered.  Every other Indian restaurant I've been to in town is cheaper, and even more so when I use a restaurant.com certificate.
5	love the food, recommend chicken tika masala (you can't go wrong with this one in any Indian restaurant) want to try lunch buffet sometime.
5	Being such an unoriginal foodie I have been working on branching out to different types of cuisine. Indian Food was on the must try list for me. Admittedly my very first Indian food dining experience was some time last year and I failed to yelp about it *insert hand slap here*, but that only means I will have to revisit the eatery (drumming up repeat business) and yelp about it then.Back to Taj Palace: YUM!Last night was my second time dining here and it was equally as delightful as the first time. Excellent service, not a glass gone empty all night, food seasoned to perfection and plenty of left overs to enjoy today. My only gripe menu item gripes were regarding the appetizers, Paneer Pakora and the Fish Pakora; both were extremely dry and virtually flavorless. All in all, stellar service (the place is rarely packed), delicious eats (if you steer clear of the fried appetizers), distinguishable meats (white meat chicken used, yey!), and delicious flavors will have me and my friends coming back for more.
5	Our fave place. Service superb. Food Delicious! Reasonable price. DELICIOUSNESS!!
5	Great Food, I love the Chef ;-) He's Awesome!
4	Delicious. Got the chicken saag and paneer masala. Great portions for decent prices! (10-14$ each). Very friendly and attentive staff.. they check the spice level with the appetizer chutney so you know what you're getting.Will be coming back on my next trip to Vegas :)
5	I like Indian food on the spicier side, and they got it just right.  Their saag has a pasty, airy texture.  Overall, quality buffet.
5	Place was Soo yummy!  Went with a party of 10 people and we all ordered something different and shared and we liked everything
2	Not the worst Indian restaurant in Las Vegas, but absolutely not deserving of a 4.5 Yelp rating. When we visited the buffet was uninspired, featured no paneer option, and was severely lacking in spice and overall layers of flavour. It felt geared toward middle America's palate rather than those of expats from the sub-continent and those of us with a bit of experience in the true heavenly flavours of the region. Give me a good curry and some tasty naan to mop up the sauce and I am happy. Sadly, Taj Palace presented my usual go to dish, the chicken tikka masala, as a disappointinging bland, rather sweet, and lacking any real zest and the naan was almost tasteless.The food looked OK, but this is the sort of Indian a grandparent would eat. I'll stick to Mint or Mt Everest.
5	I dont go anywhere else for indian food in vegas after finding this place. Staff is very attentive and polite which is nice, sometimes i go in on a slow night with my 5 year old for mommy son dinner dates and the place is empty so i dont feel like he is bothering anyone. Plates are def big enough for 2. Decor inside is beautiful, date worthy. I always get the murgh madras combo. I have had it spicy and non spicy by accident when they forgot to ask. I have to admit spice is key when it comes to flavor here but the meat is always very well cooked.. Must go spicy!
4	I ate at this place about two years ago with a friend who was a curry fiend. I remembered the meal I had was pretty good, so when we got some coupons in the mail the wife and I decided to go again.I'm in no way or form an expert on Indian food as I've always enjoyed the east Asian curries more, so the wife and I played it safe and went with a full order of Tandoori Murgh Shahnaz (marinated baked chicken on the bone) and Jhinga Tikka Masala (prawns with onion and peppers in a tomato cream sauce). On the side was garlic naan and white rice.The chicken, being thighs and legs, was as good as I remembered. Served a sizzling cast iron plate on a bed of onions and peppers. They managed to render out most of the fat while cooking (thanks to the clay oven), but managed to keep all of the flavor.The prawn dish was delicious, but for $16 I would expect more prawns or at least bigger ones. The highlight of the dish was the tomato cream sauce that found it's way on top of my chicken rapped in naan.The service was quick, attentive, and funny. When I ordered both dished with the rice & naan combo add on for $5 the waiter suggested just a double order of naan and a single order of rice. That kind of customer service is very highly appreciated.When it came time to go we had some left overs that definitely earned a trip home with us. I appreciate it when a restaurant gives you decent to-go containers and these guys didn't attempt to have us shove everything in one big Styrofoam container but gave us smaller ones for each component of the meal. Perhaps a silly thing to comment on, but I like it when my left-overs look just as good as the day I ordered them.Is this an "authentic Indian" restaurant? Damned if I know, but since the staff is Indian and very friendly I imagine if you flexed your knowledge they'll be accommodating.
4	A narrow menu selection, but good quality. I only recently realized that they charge for rice (at dinner), which I thought strange.
2	As badly as I want to try new Indian restaurants in town, I always end up leaving utterly disappointed and regretting my decision for not just going to Mint (my never-fails-me staple).  Taj Palace was no exception.Things had started off well with a nice interior and friendly service.  But then everything started to go downhill from there with a total blowup to end our meal.-Food took much too long to come out.-Free papadums were nice, but the tamarind and mint chutneys tasted old.-The garlic naan had no traceable amounts of garlic, plus it was super crunchy and almost burnt.-$5 for a bowl of plain rice.-The aloo gobi (or gobi aloo as they call it) was completely flavorless (at an Indian restaurant??).  It was just boiled potatoes, cauliflower, and tomatoes sitting in some liquid.  Not edible.I will give credit where credit is due and say that the Paneer Tiki Masala was very good.  It was flavorful and had a generous portion of paneer.The kicker was at the end when we went to pay for our meal and we were told they wouldn't accept our coupon.  It would have been one thing if there was a sign posted on the door stating this or if we hadn't shown the servers the coupon until the end of our meal.  However, there is no sign saying they don't accept coupons AND we had the coupon out at the edge of the table from the minute we sat down.  FOUR servers never once said anything about it before we ordered, despite the fact that I saw all of them look at it.I'm tired of restaurants offering coupons and then deciding they don't feel like it anymore and won't make good on the ones that are still out there.  But to wait until after we are done eating to tell us, when you know that we have a coupon waiting, is shady to me.  It's times like these I wish my mom didn't raise me to be polite and just walk away from the situation.  The paneer was their saving grace that brought them up to two stars.
5	Just went here for the first time earlier this evening, based on Yelp reviews. Excellent food and service. Staff was very attentive and friendly. Food was AWESOME!
5	I was in the east side of the town and trying to find a Indian restaurant that closer to me to get the lunch. i was looking at the yelp and tried this place for the comments they had. i was happy with their interior decoration and the guy who was water is kind and pleasant to make the place likable. food is little spicier and its perfect to my taste and thandor chicken was over painted with the red color. i think they use lots of food colors and they might have to reduce that to make people less curiosity. Mango Lassi was perfect and Dosa taste was great!!! i will definetley go back and will recommend to anyone!!
5	Great Indian buffet! They have a great selection for vegetarians, such as myself, and also some meat dishes for those who choose to eat meat. Vick is a great server, he will take care of you ASAP! Check it out!
5	The Good:Of all the Indian restaurants in town, Taj Palace is one of the best.  Their dinner menu is so distinctive and it stands out of all the menus in town.  Their food is rich in flavor, content, and taste. This might be sneaky, but I got a good look at their kitchen when I was walking to use washroom- their kitchen is huge and from all that I've seen, it is spotless clean.  That showed in the quality of their food and its taste.   Service was good. The Bad:Nothing. Nada!  If you insist, I still don't have anything. Bottom line:If you live in Las Vegas and you are craving Indian, this is the place I recommend you go.  I will go back there soon to try out their lunch buffet.
3	We were craving indian food but didn't feel like driving so we stopped by this place. We had their lunch buffet before but wasn't overly impressed. We figured the dinner would be better. I ordered the chicken tikka masala with 7 spiciness out of 10 and it was pretty hot. They used white meat but some pieces were very dry and some were moist. She ordered a combination plate. Coming from NY and Boston indian food always comes with rice but they charge you here. We also ordered a nan and roti which was pretty good.This place wasn't horrible but I probably won't go back to this location and would probably drive a little further for better indian food.6/10
5	JUST SHORT AND SWEET to let others know...this place is wonderful in every way.....best Indian food I have ever had and best service and low prices...BEST OF ALL...they do not have a liquor licence BUT encourage you to bring your own wine or beer and they will open for you, NO CHARGE.
5	I had wanted to go to this place for a long time because my husband and I are vegan, and my daughter and hter boyfriend eat every kind of food out there, so we finally went all together and it was awesome!  The flavors were out of this world, we could not stop eating, the service was wonderful and the servers were kind and funny.  We had all vegetable dishes and the kids had fish and lamb.  The dining area was lavishly decorated and could be a very romantic dinner spot.  The only suggestion I could make was to turn the air conditioning up, especially with all of the spicy food!
4	Let me be straight, I love Indian food. What's better than sopping up all that extra sauce with tender naan bread? You really can't go wrong.We haven't had the pleasure of a  Indian restaurant close to home, so when a friend of our invited us to Taj Palace for dinner it was a no brainer! The decor is subtly lit, and classic Indian culture. Pretty much what I would expect walking into an Indian restaurant. I was quite excited to see the discount for check-in on Yelp! The screams "Smart" business to me!Our server's name was Vick and he was a class act! He made some really amazing recommendations. The most unexpected and easily most refreshing was a yogurt based mango drink (non-alcoholic). If you don't do alcohol this is a MUST! It was subtly sweet, enchancing the earthy flavor of the mango while wrapping you up in all that yogurt creaminess. I don't even like mango and I was in love.The wine list was pretty limited, but I can't say I was expecting a cellar list to be presented. The Pinot Noir I ordered was pleasing, but pinot's a typically easy drinking wines.We started with a lamb samosa & chili paneer. Both were presented quickly, and were delicious.I wish that I could remember, pronounce or even spell some of the Indian names of the dishes we ate....but alas, I cannot. I know, lame! I had the non-veg combo platter. It included Chicken-Tikka Masala - Butter Chicken - Chicken Curry - Dal - Riata - Naan - Rice - Rice Pudding. I went with a level 4 on my food. I like the spice, but want to taste the flavor. My husband tried the Shrimp Curry at a level 7.The Butter Chicken at Taj Palace is nothing short of incredible. Don't get me wrong, everything was delicious, and I have few complaints. As I write this review however, my palette is overcome with the savory lingering of the butter chicken sauce. YUM! Vick, our server, actually had the Chef make me an additional portion to take home for Naan dipping! What an awesome guy, he's an A+ in my book!My husband's dish was SPICY, and rightfully so - it was a 7! The shrimp was perfectly cooked and saucy. My only complaint was that his Garlic Naan was quite burnt around the edges. This was disappointing, as I had read many reviews about how great the garlic naan was. Oh well, maybe next time.And that's where I'll leave you my Yelp friends. There will indeed be a next time. Taj Palace was delicious. The atmosphere was comfortable and classy. The service was on point and attentive. Give Taj Palace a try, your tummy will thank you!
2	I took my dad here for an early Father's Day lunch (the Friday before Father's Day), bad choice when your father is Indian. The ambiance and decor was very nice; and the service was good, considering how busy they were.Now on to the good stuff (well the not so good stuff in this case) ..the food. We frequented the restaurant during the afternoon, during the lunch buffet. I was excited to try somewhere new and the reviews about this place were great. As soon as I approached the buffet, I could see that the vegetables were soaked in oil. I was mortified. I'm not the healthiest person, but I could not knowingly eat such oily Indian food, especially when I cook it myself and I know it does not require that much oil. My dad had the buffet, and was not very pleased. I ordered malai kofta and dal makhani off of the menu. The malai kofta was not good, I took it home and threw it away (and I was raised to never waste food). The naan was ok, nothing to write home about. The plus side to this adventure was the dal makhani ..it was really tasty (: Most Indian restaurants in Vegas are not cheap, and this place is no exception. I don't mind paying for quality when I receive it ..but I did not receive it here. I will not be back.
4	My hibernation from Yelp ends with this review for Taj Palace!I've been to Taj on several occasions and have always received perfect service. I seriously think that they have the best Naan here in town. Everything else is debatable, but for some reason their Naan takes the cake in my eyes.  Of course, Indian food is always amazin for vegetarian options which is what keeps me coming back. When I asked for a 10 on the spicy scale, it was exactly what I was asking for. Everytime, they question whether I truly wish to receive a 10, I always assure them that I'm Thai and can handle the heat. Usually that's enough anecdotal evidence to prove that I am a true chili head. I believe I ordered the Tikka Masala this time around and I really have no complaints. For the drink, I got the Mango Yogurt drink (can't remember the exact name). For dessert, rice pudding. The server highly recommended that I have the ice cream in place of it because he thought it was way better. I declined only because it was freezing cold in this place. Otherwise, I would have taken up his offer. Since this place is conveniently located next to my house, I will be here more often when I'm craving delicious Naan.
3	We decided to try this place for the lunch buffet, and it was alright for 10.95 (before tax and gratuity).  We opted for the garlic naan and it was delicious.  My favorite dish of all time at Indian buffet is the goat curry.   There was goat curry on the line, however, it wasn't flavorful as I would have liked it to be.  Thank goodness they were tender.  The chicken tandoori was kind of dry.  The kheer, which is the rice pudding, wasn't so delicious as the one over at India Palace.  I have to say that I enjoy the lunch buffet at India Palace much more.  I probably won't be coming back to Taj.
5	I have now eaten here several times and each time the food is gotten better. The manager was very polite and willing to take advice regarding the food and seems to have taken some of my suggestions to heart and continues to make the quality better. The cleanliness of the restaurant is excellent. The buffet is a great value and very well done. I would highly recommend this Indian food restaurant to anyone near the area.Peter
4	I've been coming here since this place was called Taza, then Jai Ho, and now Taj Palace.  I'm not sure why the name changes but either way the food is always good.  I by no means am an Indian Food expert but my experiences here are always good.  The curries are as spicy as you want them.  The nan is delicious (I love the garlic nan), and the Tandoori chicken is always piping hot and tasty.  If you're not familiar with Indian food or really hungry, be sure to hit up their lunch buffet.  There are a lot of choices at a very reasonable price.  The servers are also very helpful as I try to order something new on each visit.  Also, be sure to keep an eye out in local publications for coupons and specials!
5	Wow! My daughter and I were visiting from San Diego a couple of weeks ago and used yelp to locate a good Indian restaurant.  We were not disappointed! AND the service was great - thanks Vic!All I can say is YUM YUM YUM! :)
2	This place was okay. My fiance and I were seriously craving indian food. and this place was near our house.The portions are good. You get a good amount of food for what you pay for.We shared the chicken tikka masala,It looked yummy. the first bite was really good, but as I kept eating I noticed some pieces of chicken tasted old.The naan was good but nothing special.Honestly, I would not return here again. I've had better indian food for cheaper.
3	Been wanting to try Taj Palace for a while since it's the closest Indian restaurant to my house and I'm obsessed with both Samosa Factory and Mt Everest from my work lunch breaks.  Even though it averages 4 stars here on Yelp, there was always something about the reviews that made me a little tentative.   Well, that and the non buffet prices.What is it about Indian restaurants and their dinner prices?  They always seem about $3-$4 more expensive per entree than I expect.  Compared to most of their lunch buffet or lunch special bargains, it drives me a little crazy to go to one for dinner and get much less food for a lot more money.  This type of thinking is why my pants I just picked up from Men's Wearhouse barely fit, but I digress.I ordered the Veggie Samosas which is one of my standards I judge any indian restaurant on, some plain naan, and goat curry spicy 7 out of 10 (love this scale!).  I asked if the curry came with rice, and I was told no, but that I could do a combo of 1/2 rice and 1 naan.  Sure, sounds like exactly what I need.  When I arrived, my total bill was $29.  Now the curry was $16 and the Samosas were $5 (according to their website) so I guess the naan and rice cost $7 or so? (shrug)Started with the curry over the rice first.   The curry had a nice flavor, it was thick, smoky, and the spice level was perfect.  On top of the rice or being sopped up with the naan (the naan was about what I expect, which is a good thing), either way made me happy.   The goat was tasty, but there were a LOT of bones and pieces of fat and cartilage throughout which was a bit of a buzzkill. It was rare to be able to get a bite of meat without having to constantly spit out a small chunk of something (best visual ever, I know).   I actually would have ultimately preferred it with JUST the curry sauce by the end of my plate.The samosas were very large and perfectly shaped with a great flaky crust.  Honestly it almost seemed a little too perfectly made which had me wondering if it was homemade or not (I have no way of knowing honestly, it's quite possible it is).  They tasted fine on the inside, but I found the outside to be overly salt or peppered or both.  I'd honestly never had a samosa with so much seasoning on the outside of it, and my fingers were covered in spice whenever I'd pick it up to eat it which I wasn't used to..   The green sauce it came with was good, wasn't so much a fan of the red.  Overall a good version, though I prefer Factory's or Mt Everest's.Final conclusion is that I enjoyed my meal overall, though I wouldn't exactly say it was worth the price I paid in total.   I did get leftovers out of it which softened the blow a little.  I think I'll stick with Samosa Factory and Mt Everest to satisfy my Indian cravings, though if I'm ever in a dire need for some curry in Henderson (it happens.  It definitely happens) Taj Palace warrants some consideration.
5	My husband & I enjoyed dinner at Taj Palace on a Monday night. The service was prompt & the food was excellent, some of the best food we've had in Vegas actually. The prices are very fair considering how rich in flavor all the dishes are. The garlic naan is to die for as well as the coconut chicken curry. Yumm! This place will be visited again very soon
4	Pretty solid Indian food definitely the best place on this side of town. Definitely worth trying.
5	As far as Indian food goes, Taj Palace is delicious. As far as service? Our waiter Vimal treated us like queens. It's the typical strip-mall exterior, like almost all restaurants in Henderson, NV. Coming from Los Angeles, I'm starting to get used to great restaurants like this - after all, many wonderful treasures can be found in strip-mall style buildings in LA.When we were seated around 8:30 PM, the entire restaurant was empty, so there was no wait. Vimal brought out Papadum (Indian bread, crispy and very thin like a cracker) with hot green sauce and a tasty plum sauce. We ordered veggie Samosas to start, which seemed to be hand-made at the restaurant and were spectacular. Vimal convinced us to try Nasi Biryani rice instead of the traditional white Basmati rice I normally order. It's like an Indian fried rice, with golden raisins and almonds that has a yellow coloring from the spices. Delicious. That came out with our chicken tikka masala in medium spiciness and our garlic naan. Every dish was better than the last. At this point a middle-aged couple came into the nicely decorated restaurant and sat down to dinner as well. I think it's surprising that the place was so empty, considering how yummy everything was. The other couple verbally recognized this and asked Vimal about it as well. It seems new ownership took over more than a year ago, and he just needs to get the word out. So here's the word - we'll be stopping by again soon to check out the buffet for lunch, that seems like a great value!
5	We love coming here.... we uaually come at least 1 time per month.   The staff is always friendly, the place is very clean, and the food is spicey.   We love the Garlic Naan and the Tikka  Masala.   We have tried all the Indian restaurants in the Vegas area, and none come close!!  Price is about 10.99 and worth every penny.
4	I really like the Garlic Nan, We actually ate at the lunch buffet, which is definately worth the $10 price. I couldn't tell you what to order but we had some kind of mixed vegetable dish that was really good.
5	I loved this place so much, and not just because the food was great--it was the service and recommendations we received from the staff (one of whom I was pretty sure was the owner) were enough to give 5 stars. I had ordered a restaurant.com coupon back in March for this place and forgot about it, so when one of my friends was in town and we were craving Indian food, we of course had to stop. I ordered Mango Curry Chicken and my friend had Lamb Jalfrezi, and of course we added naan and rice to our order. The rice was a recommendation of the server's--one I had never had with peas, white raisins, and nuts. It was quite good, and went well with what we ordered, but I am going to stick to rice without all the extras next time. It was pricey to have that much extra stuff in it when I just want some straight up plain rice.The Mango Chicken was pretty much sweetened Butter Chicken, but it was delicious. The lamb was a little tough for my liking, but luckily that wasn't my dish! ha ha, sucks to be my friend. But it was minty and delicious and had a nice flavor but was a workout for the teeth.We went a little overboard our $25 restaurant.com coupon and ended up spending another $25 apiece. That's the danger in those things--you think you're not going to be above the limit and then there you are, paying for stuff you didn't really need ($8 beer, that I will say was good, just not perhaps something I needed to complete the meal). I will definitely be back--I want to try their buffet as well as their lunch. It was a good dining experience overall, with minor details not upsetting my 5-star experience.
3	Now, I love Indian food and basically will order it every where I travel to because I always get a craving for it.  I had been thinking about Taj Palace for some time now and finally got the family to try it out.....a.  Ambiance - strip mall setting, plenty of seating arrangements and for various size. Perhaps you can fit up to about 85 people, so it was decent size.  Good lighting, nice bar, buffet area, tables and booths.  I say 4 star.b.  Service - It was not busy, so we got pretty darn good service from everyone there. Although it seemed to take like forever for the food to come out and the natives were getting a bit restless.  4 starc.  Food -3 stara.  Chicken Tikka Marsala - OK, so this is really an English invented Indian dish and not popular in India.  I get it. Just like Chop Suey and Fortune cookies in Chinese cooking, these were things invented not in the original country.  I get it.  But man was this dish uninspired!!!!!!!  The chicken was cut in huge cubes.  The best way to slice is to take the breasts and cut at angles to get thin against the grain meat that when cooked, produce an aromatic and tender chicken.  Eating these chunks, was like eating chunks.  We asked for 2 out of 10 spice due to the kids and this thing was more spicy than the 5/10 spice I ordered for the Lamb.  2 Starb.  Lamb Bhuna - i was a looking for the Lamb Roghan Josh.  The spice was mild, perhaps they messed this up with the miles Tikka I ordered?  The lamb was a bit tough, however the gravy sauce was awesome and quite tasty.  I give this a 3 star.  Great taste, terrible texture.c.  Garlic Naan - Kids loved it, we had to order another servicing.  4 stard. Tandoori Chicken - Hmmm good color, bit dry, on a bed of peppers, very tasty, if not overly cooked.  2 star.To me, a family of four and it cost about 85.00 including tip. Way too expensive and not enough to warrant a return visit.  1 Star.
5	I just love this place! Great food and the service is wonderful. You really feel like the staff cares about you. They recommended great food combinations and beer that made our experience better than if we would have just stuck to our normal Indian food order. I just moved here but this will be one of my "go to" places. Thank you Taj Palace.
3	Ordered take out the other night. We asked the guy taking the order what their best chicken dish was and he suggested karahi chicken. Ended up ordering karahi chicken, palak paneer, dal makhani,naan and roti for our guests.When we brought home the order, we realized they had given us shahi or karahi paneer instead of the chicken. I called back and the guy was apologetic and offered to deliver the chicken to us. SInce the order had taken over 40 minutes and it was a busy saturday night, we offered to come and pick it up.4 points for customer service as they compensated by giving us a complimentary pulao rice, and some achar relish and corrected the order.2 points for the food however:dal makhani-was extra creamy but tasted the best of the lot.palak paneer-was okchicken karahi-which they claimed was the best chicken option was flavorless and pretty tasteless.pulao-was not bad, pretty decent.naan and roti were well made.they let us keep the paneer karahi as well, but unfortunately that was pretty tasteless too.I usually love leftover food the next day but this I was happy to get rid off.I will try them again as this may have been a freak day since they were busy, but it was disappointing considering our guests were looking forward to a nice indian meal and price wise the place is not cheap! I guess I will stick to the buffet for this one, as somehow the buffet experience has been ok every time but have not had the same luck with take out orders.
4	Amazing goat curry, masala mushroom... And above all.. Amazing service...!!
4	Came here fresh off the plane and we were craving indian food so we landed on this strip mall restaurant. I wasnt hungry to begin with but ended up going with the large lunch buffet. So delicious, they had goat that was tender, the server Vigal was very friendly but I felt that he hovered a little too much. Some people like that, some dont. Service was impeccable though. Food was so delicious too. $11 dollar buffet with custard dessert and rice pudding. REallyyyyy tasty, go!
5	For a lunch buffet priced at $10.00 with killer garlic naan and the best service I have seen at an Indian place, this place gets 4 stars automatically.  The food?  Well, it was simply wonderful and amazing and delish and oh so perfect.  I came here solo for lunch two days ago for the first time and found the place to be a hidden gem (to me, maybe not to others).  I'm sure the options might change daily for the buffet, but the first two things I tried were the only two things I ate - because they were that good.  The lentils with rice and the chicken tikka masala - can't go wrong.  For some reason I just wasn't in the mood for lamb, but it looked very good.  This place is good and you can't beat the lunch buffet price and food!
5	Very good indian food. Not as spicy as I would like, but the staff offered to give me an extra dose of heat on the side. The chutney tastes so homemade and delicious! Will definitely make this place one of my regular dr in places to go
4	This is one of my favorites places, I dine in or out at least 2-3 times a week! The lunch buffet is a great deal, look for the coupons that float around in local mags, we've gotten ours from the 89012 mag.* Lunch Buffet - 11.00 a.m. - 3.00 p.m.* Dinner - 5.00 p.m. - 10.30 p.m. * Special Buffet Prices - Monday to Sunday: $10.95 / personThe staff is, as they say from their website, "Guest is as good as God" ...well, I wouldn't go thaaaaaaaat far, but they've ALWAYS been incredibly friendly, attentive and happy to see me (I'm their golden goose).It's not cheap, so don't roll in expecting $10/person.Being a vegetarian, (which Indian culuture is as well) they have an excellent selection of lentils and meat-less dishes, my favorite, the Yellow Dal, a sh*t ton of Naan and a side of tamrin sauce.  Delish!  My carnivore husband loves the lamb & the Peas Pillau (a yummy rice with peas, raisins & nuts)I would give Taj 5 stars if it wasn't for the consistency.  On a few occasions, I've ordered the usual, gotten it home and it tasted crappy!  I've phoned in everytime after and they've apologized and offered to pay for my next order.  Different chef working that night :/ Overall, LOVE!! :)
5	This is probably one of the best Indian places.  The service was friendly and fast.  We ordered 5 different plates and it was all good.  Naan are always good.  At first there was only 3 tables by the end of the meal there was 10 tables filled!  Definitely going back there for the lunch buffet soon.
2	I had high hopes for my meal at Taj Palace.  I read the series of Yelp reviews and even recall a few friends stating it was a good place for curry. I have to presume, it was a bad night for the team at Taj Palace. As much as it pains me to write a "negative" review, I have to be true to my experience. We arrived on Friday evening around 8:30 pm. The Yelp reviews for Taj were higher than Ping Kao 3 my intended destination.  Upon arrival I noticed the large dining room had a total of three occupied tables.  The friendly waiters greeted and seated our party of two promptly. To make a long story bearable I will cut to the chase. I ordered a medium butter chicken, at $17.00 I anticipated a fantastic dish. My Partner, ordered a $16.00 lamb dish. He will write his own review.  To our amazement, the two dishes did not come with Naan or Rice. We ordered these items on the side. The plain basmati rice was $5.00 and the Naan was $3.50.  The food came out within ten minutes. Have to give an A for speed and service during the pre-dinner service. This team was on top of it. There were four servers for our table. Our water was never empty and the empty or unused plates/utensils disappeared quickly. So on to the food. I will only speak to my own dish. I have had several butter chicken (Murgh Makhani) dishes at different places. I am familiar with the expected flavor. This particular dish just did not taste like any butter chicken; I have had in the past. The color of the dish looked proper but the flavor was off. It almost tasted as if they used mayonnaise instead of cream or yogurt in the dish. It was slimy and did not have a good flavor at all. To supplement the flavor the meat within the dish was chopped into small bits. There were also chunks of bone, fat and bay leaf. It was just awful. Some might say, you should have sent it back. I have warded off sending any dishes back at restaurants, there are too many horror stories.  I simply did not finish it. The post-dinner service left us sitting with dirty dishes for twenty minutes. When the two waiters finally collected the plates they did not ask about our experience and did not notice most of my butter chicken was still in the dish.  I do not expect anyone to read my mind. It had to be a bad night.  Maybe, I will try again in the future.
2	OK, first a disclaimer. I'm British which may mean I have overly high standards for Indian food. That said, I've lived in the US for 8 years, so I feel I know what to expect.My main gripes with this place were the fact it's overpriced ($5 for rice after ordering a $16 lamb curry) and the fact that the food was bland. The waiter asked how spicy (mild, medium, spicy) and I said medium. When the food game, it looked nice, but there was very little flavor and no spiciness I could detect. It wasn't horrible, but I've enjoyed Indian food in mall food courts more than the food at Taj Palace.The service started off great (four waiters taking care of the two of us), but we were oddly left for 20 minutes after we'd finished out food with not a waiter in sight.Also the booths were rickety! They don't seem to be attached to the walls, so I could feel every time the person behind me moved. It's difficult to describe this annoyance without sounding ridiculously petty, but I spent most of the meal leaning forward at an unnatural angle.I really wanted this place to be good (not least as I'd talked my girlfriend out of her favorite Thai place that's in the same strip mall). A curry and beer on a Friday night ... the stuff (Englishmen's) dreams are made of! Maybe the lunch buffet is great, and that why this place has great reviews. I can't think of any other reason.
4	Ive been back here many a time, I am surprised by the buffet at lunch time- it is so good!  Always a winner, great customer service. Try it all- you wont be disappointed!
4	Finally, a place that rivals anything we've had in Surrey, which is a large Indo-Canadian neighbourhood outside Vancouver. The mixed tandoori grill is terrific and very low in fat. The lamb biryani was so tender we barely had to chew. I'm almost sorry we found this place, as all my diet plans are now totally out the window.
4	I've been here a few times and the great food and attentive, friendly service keep me coming back.I really enjoy their lunch buffet, mainly because I have so many favorite dishes that it's difficult to narrow it down and choose one or two things for dinner. Their naan bread is tasty; doughy with a light crisp. The restaurant is clean and has a great ambiance. The decor, from the wall color to the art is beautiful and tastefully done. The staff is warm, inviting and very attentive, ready to clear your plate seemingly as soon as you make the gesture to push your plate to the side.
5	Had such a great time at Taj Palace!! Our server Vick was a pleasant mixture of  cute and charming. We were first timers at Indian food, and Vick took the time to explain the dishes. An extra detail not gone unnoticed!!!!!!!!  The food was delicious, so flavorful! All in all, it was a wonderful first experience and we can't wait to go back!
5	I love this place. This is hands down the best Indian restaurant I have ever been to, and I have been to a lot!.  The buffet is awesome and comes with your choice of traditional or garlic naan bread.  This is a haven for any vegetarian looking to experience great flavor as there are many vegetarian dishes to choose from. Also for non-vegetarians you can enjoy the delightful scrumptious chicken dishes prepared by Chef Jaipal as well as the vegetarian dishes.  If you like goat the buffet includes a wonderful goat curry. When ordering off the menu I recommend the lamb or chicken  Vindaloo or the lamb and chicken Haryali, but everything on the menu is delicious.  If you try the buffet keep in mind  that the heat factor is at a level 5 from 1-10. When I order off the menu I like it spicy so I usually go between 7-8.  Also the service is impeccable; every one is friendly and every now and then Chef Jaipal will come out and say hello.  If you love Indian food, this is definitely the place to go!
4	It is a well decorated, charming Indian restaurant in the middle of a strip mall on Eastern. Parking can be a hassle on the weekends for dinner due to it being located next to overly popular and equally overrated BJs.The service is always incredible. The servers are friendly, accommodating and extremely willing to make suggestions to get you out of the "chicken tikka masala" comfort zone. For dinner, boyfriend had Spicy Vindalo ($15) which is chicken cooked with potatoes, spices, and vindaloo sauce which is the red variety of sauce. It was not very spicy as I believe they modified it due to fear of us not being able to handle the heat. I love my food spicy. The dish was good, nevertheless.I had the Spicy Haryali ($16) which was chicken cooked in spicy green sauce made with onion, spinach, mint, cilantro and green chili. Once again, it was very delicious but not spicy. We ordered side of gralic naan ($3.50) and it was very good.Also, the server suggested we get Peas Pilau ($7) which was basmati rice seasoned with peas, nuts, and raisins. I didn't care for the raisins and probably would opt for just regular basmati rice next time. We also shared an Indian variety of beer based on the server's suggestion. It was good and quite large. ($8)All in all, the food was good and the portions generous...but, the total did leave a bit of a sticker shock. I think I'd opt for the lunch buffet and try to sample more of their dishes.  The service, as I mentioned before, was superb.  I would recommend this place if you are in the area and craving quality Indian food and great service.
4	They have a good selection for their lunch buffet (have both veggie and meat options). Always love their dessert options and garlic naan. Staff is friendly.
4	Best Indian Food I've had in Vegas. Clean, polite, tasty, and a wide variety.My only complaint is the parking! Keep up the great work!
4	Yum!1 star = customer service was awesome.  They really helped me out as it was my very first time really eating Indian food.  My friend is also on a Vegan diet and they helped him pick the foods he can eat.  Extremely helpful!2 stars = for the environment!  Handcrafted art and tapestry walls surround you in the restaurant and it feels kind of intimate and romantic!3 stars = GARLIC NAAN.  Don't leave this place w/ out trying it especially if you're into bread and garlic like I am.  It is so tasty I finished the entire basket myself!4 stars = Chicken Tikka Masala!  Yum! Buttery curry and mildly spicy over a bed of their rice; so good!  5 stars = Fried Okra!  My friend ordered spicy so it was a lot to handle but the veggies went really well to compliment my Chicken.Coming back for sure!
5	My mom is British, so I grew up on Indian food (Brits love Indian like we Americans  love Mexican). I've tried dozens of restaurants and even tried to make it at home a few times ... this is one of the best Indian places I've ever been to  -and it's certainly the best in Las Vegas/Henderson. The staff is attentive and polite, the food is good and spicy, and the Mango shake is delicious. That's all you need to know -- now go and try it!
5	Great food and great service! Very friendly staff and right in Henderson! We will definitely be back!
4	I liked it.  Very good.  Spices were excellent.   I really enjoyed the mint chicken and the mango curry.   The tandori was a bit salty and did not like it that much.   Otherwise, I would have given 5 stars.   However, I will return to this place soon.
5	This place is in the same plaza as BJ's, and it is fairly easy to find if you use the turning lane in the middle of the block. I arrived here with some friends on Friday afternoon shortly after lunch hour. It wasn't too crowded, and they got put tables together to accommodate us sufficiently. We went straight for the buffet without even thinking about the menu, although it's pretty easy to justify eating the lunch buffet here when you do look at the entree prices.The buffet table nearest to the clean plates is clearly all vegetarian items, and the next table has meat dishes, a small salad bar, and desserts. All the items are clearly labeled by name and with ingredients. While I don't remember all the names offhand, I loved the Chicken Korma, really enjoyed the vegetable samosas and Chicken Tikka Masala, also liked the Tandoori Chicken and Saag (spinach), and generally had no issue with other dishes except for the goat curry. That thing does not taste like goat, or like any particular meat. Also, your choice of butter or garlic naan is brought out from the kitchen to your table.Although I've only been to two lunch buffets at Indian restaurants, I feel that there's enough good food here to grant this place five stars, with of course some consideration that buffet food is generally not on par with a la carte courses. Check it out whether you like Indian food or whether you just want a change of pace.
5	We got delivery from here last night. (a Tuesday!) The food was awesome!!  Everything was hot, crispy and very flavorful.  The gentleman who took my order was very polite and made sure to get all of our details correct.  He recommended the rice with raisins and cashew, which was not to be missed!  It totally made the meal.  Everything in the vegetarian appetizer platter was still crispy, not soggy like I expected from my usual delivery experiences.  The portions were generous but not too much to finish.  We will definitely be repeat customers to this fabulous gem of a restaurant.  Maybe next time we will dine in for the full experience.  Thank you for the yumminess!!
5	The staff is very friendly. My family loves it when we go here. We have tried many different dishes from the menu and so far, so good we have enjoyed all of them. On our last visit the waiter made a bet with us that we would enjoy an indian beer better than what we were about to order. And sure enough We like it better. Unfortunately, I cant remember the name of it so I need to go back soon. The naan bread and chicken are fantastic
4	I come here for the lunch buffet 11-3pm since I can never make up my mind on choosing one item at an Indian restaurant ;)The $10 buffet rocks since it's all you can eat and a great way to try new things. I'm a huge fan of their paneer saag, aloo tikki, tandoori chicken and chaana masala! Their chutney selection is great and I love their pakkoras. The manager is always there making sure water is being refilled and making sure I'm enjoying everything. The restaurant is clean and so is the restroom. Love this place!
5	I have been seeking out good indian food since a trip to Seattle in 2011. My quest is finally over...until I move to Minneapolis in September.We tried the Mushroom Matar Curry and the Lamb Tikka Masala. Both delicious with the zeera rice! The flavors were impeccable and the portion sizes were perfect. Friend of mine also highly recommends the Tandoori Chicken, says it's the best in town!We also tried the green chili naan and the garlic naan.  We were a little disappointed that the green chili one was not as spicy as it was advertised, but the garlic naan surely made up for it!I will be back, probably more frequently than the waistline on my pants wants me to.
5	My favorite Indian restaurant! Food is fantastic! Decant price! If you are gonna do dinner the portions are bigger then most Indian restaurants so great for big parties. I prefer the lunch experience with the nice verity of dishes!
5	This place continues to be a wonderful eating establishment. Wonderful staff, super cheap lunch buffet with great choices. We finally got the time to check out the dinner menu. It was wonderful. The menu had so much to choose from. And we tried new breads that we never even heard of. Lots of fun, nice atmosphere too. Be warned the dinner entrees are huge, most likely intended to share. We overbought the first time expecting a cat dish of curry, we should have known better. All portions were well made and generous. They offer a few meal deals at night. The soup was wonderful. We have been coming here since 2011 and never got sick. Which is a big deal for us. :) We have never had lousy service, the new manager is always smiling. Wonderful place. Recommended.
2	The boyfriend and I went for lunch based off of Yelp reviews.  It was my first time trying Indian food and it was okay.  Found out I'm not a fan of Indian food, unfortunately; my taste buds didn't have an A-HA moment.  BOO!!  I was really excited about trying something new and hoping to find a new favorite restaurant.  However, the Naan was very fresh and tasty, much better than Trader Joe's (duh Cody!).  So the Yelpers did me right on that review.The buffet lunch was very reasonably priced at around $10.95 and had a nice portion of vegetarian options as well as carnivore options.  The service was decent and atmosphere was ok.  Seemed clean until I saw the employee transferring food from his pan into the serving pan with his bare hand.  Not a good moment for me, being a germ-a-phobe and immediately stopped eating.  I didn't share this with my boyfriend in an effort not to completely ruin lunch and the fact that he thinks I'm a little OCD.  Had it not been for this incident, I would have probably said it was an Okay lunch.  Probably won't be re-visiting Taj
4	Decided to be adventurous and came here because of the rating. The service was excellent and attentive at all the right times.  Food presentation was nice.  Chicken tikka masala and naan were excellent.  We tried 3 dishes with naan and drinks, spent over $100. Will be coming back.
5	Listen, there are only one or two other indian restaurants that compare to this one in town.  Mint is great if you want real clean high quality indian food with tiny portions.  Origin is great if you want a fine dining feel and you want to pay a lot.  THIS PLACE is great if you want delicious and huge portions.  I would skip any other Indian place in town.
5	I have never tried Indian Food before, so I was excited. When my friend and I walked in at first we thought it was dead but when we came inside there was actually a lot of people. The service was GREAT!! They are very attentive and very helpful. I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala and my friend ordered the Lamb Mango Curry. Both dishes was delicious.  Have to order the Peas Pillau and the Garlic Naan. And their Mango Lasse was very refreshing. My friend and I loves to eat and try new places, since this was my first time trying Indian food. I would definitely let my friends know about this place and I would come back to try more of their dishes.
4	I was first introduced to Indian food back in Riverside, California, a number of years ago by my significant other, who LOVES Indian food.  I have to admit while it was tasty, it wasn't anything I was in love with.  We found this place because it is across the street from our apartment complex.  Price-wise, it's a bit expensive, but the dishes are amazing.  My first dish was the Mango Lamb Curry (mild spice level, mind you). Delicious.  The lamb is tender with just a bit of fat and tendon to make it just that more yummy, but not make me feel guiltyl for eating that extra stuff. My significant other ordered a Paneer dish. Also delicious.  A few weeks after we went there, he discovered that Taj Palace had a lunch buffet for only $10.  Yay!  All their dishes were scrumptious. During the lunch buffet, I tried the Goat Curry, some vegetarian platters, and their Peas Pillau.  The goat in the goat curry was as wonderful as the lamb in the lamb curry.  Their vegetarian platters were all delicious and the Peas Pillau was gastronomically pleasing.  We have made several trips back to Taj Palace and will probably be making more! Oh! And one can't go to an Indian restaurant without ordering Naan!
4	I love Indian food! This place is by far one of my favorite places to visit in the Las Vegas Metropolitan area. The lunch buffet is only $9.99 and the selection is nice and fresh. I love the tiki masala, the fresh garlic nan and the samosa's are also pretty big and flavorful. I'm not a vegetarian, but have to admit some of their non-meat dishes are also quite tasty and delicious. It was hard for me to find a decent Indian restaurant in Sin City, but this location satisfied my Indian cravings and is definitely a spot to check out if you're visiting Las Vegas. Located in neighboring Henderson off of the 215 freeway on Eastern Ave.
4	I had a sudden craving for Indian food and this was the only place nearby. Because I read the hours wrong, I arrived about 40 minutes before 5p and therefore during the time they're closed (their hours are 11a to 3p, then 5p to 10:30p). I found something to do in the meanwhile because I was still craving Indian food and arrived a few minutes after 5p.As soon as you enter the restaurant, there is a strong aroma that may be a little overpowering. I wanted to do the take out option and was seated at the bar waiting to order. It took longer than I expected, but the people were nice and kept offering me drinks. They took my order (lamb tikka masala and chicken curry) and I played on my phone in the meanwhile. A word of caution. I didn't order any naan because I had rice at home, but it looks like just one piece of naan is $2.50. One piece of garlic naan is $3.50. No, thank you.They arrived with my food, I paid, and I went home. I've never really had Indian food before and fortunately, I was not disappointed with my choices. Both the lamb tikka masala and chicken curry were delicious. The portions were big enough that I had leftovers that still tasted good the day after. I'd definitely go back and order more food for take out.
4	LOVE this place.. their menu is pretty pricey though! Very helpful staff! I always leave with more food than I should probably be getting! Definitely give their lunch buffet a shot!
4	Very good lunch buffet, but usually the same items. The food generally has a pretty good and consistent flavor and is prepared well.The restaurant tends to be very quiet, which is great for lunch time meetings. It's also very clean, service is very prompt.The only ding on a star is the lack of variety. Every time I've been in it's the same dishes with no rotation.
4	I'm sad it took me so long to try this place! Great lunch buffet with a mild to medium spice. Attentive staff, very clean and well decorated place. However, I was disappointed that they didn't have rice pudding on their buffet.
3	The food is good, but I have to warn you, if your body is not used to curry, be afraid. LOL
2	After recently relocating to Las Vegas, I decided it was time to scout out a place to turn to when I'm experiencing a craving for Indian food.  I wouldn't say I'm an expert, but I spend most of my dining-out experiences in Indian restaurants and this time, I wasn't too impressed.***DISCLAIMER: I have left behind the perfect Indian restaurant where I recently moved from and I know nothing will ever compare***We ordered Paneer Pakoras, Chicken Tikka Masala (spice level 7), and Chicken Curry (spice level 5).  The Paneer Pakoras were fresh and fluffy, but lacked flavor or spice.  The sauce for the Tikka Masala was okay, but no amount of creamyness or richness would save the dry chunks of chicken.  The spice level was pretty good, but if you like spicy Indian food, you better order something higher than a 5 because a 5 is the equivalent of mild (in my opinion).  The Curry was tender, but just okay.  Nothing much to report on that.My biggest problem with this place is the price.  The Naan and Rice are an additional $8.50, not to mention the fact that each entree item is about $15 a piece.  Yes, you get a lot of food, but that's standard at any Indian restaurant.  The Naan is nothing exceptional, either.  Our total bill came out to $45, which is crazy!  With as many places Las Vegas has to offer me, I won't be returning.  The staff IS nice, though!
5	I'd like to amend my review a little now that I've been back so many timesI've tried the lunch buffet twice in two days. I'm officially hooked!The service is pretty attentive. Vimil (Vick) is very friendly. He makes an extra effort to remember his customers and takes pride in his job. He's remembered my name ever since I paid with a credit card. Him and other staff always keep my water glass quite full, a definite necessity in an Indian restaurant. We got there by about 2pm and the lunch buffet closes at 3pm. At exactly 3:06pm the server came over and informed us that they were closed and it was time for us to go. I thought this was a little abrupt, but we were mostly finished, so we left.I really like the varied options depending on the day. The Samosa's were really good, filled with spicy potato. These were a little spicy, but very tasty. I poured a little bit of mint chutney over the top and it was perfect. I actually wished they would have had them the second day. I also really liked the Chicken Tikka Masala, because I love the red sauce that it comes in, perfect for dipping Naan. There was also a white cream based chicken dish that was really tender. On my first visit I didn't have room to try the Tandoori chicken on the bone. But on my 2nd visit there was Tandoori chicken pieces and they were pretty tender. I like my stuff super saucy, so I dipped my Tandoori chicken in the Raita (spiced yogurt) and it was delicious. Garlic naan is the way to go. I love me some garlic!! The naan has came out piping hot... super fresh on every visit. Also on my first trip I brought my vegan friend and she had a lot of options to choose from and was very happy with the selections. I would definitely recommend telling the server if you are vegan because one of the labels above the food was inaccurate. For my second visit I brought two Indian food experts, they both agreed that it was a pretty good buffet, especially for the price. They seemed to enjoy the food, but one of them felt that the dishes could have used a little more spices. Both of them agreed they would rather have the dishes spicier, but realize that with a buffet it's usually going to be mild to medium.  I would definitely like to come back during dinner and try some of the menu items. Although I think I'll have a hard time staying away from this buffet. I love having tons of options and you can't beat the price... about $11 per person.
2	I just moved to the area, and this is the first Indian I have tried in the Las Vegas metro.  So I am comparing it to the only other Indian places I really know, in the Kansas City metro.    This place sucks compared to KC.  Nothing was free (no papads given, no lassi or kolfti samples)  NOT EVEN THE RICE.  You had to pay for the rice separately.  It wasn't very good, either.  The food was mediocre.  I can make a better veggie korma and I am a white girl from Wichita, KS.  The service was very poor.   I won't be in a hurry to come back.  Maybe I will try the lunch buffet at some point.   Maybe.
4	Great food as per normal. Just a little too expensive for Indian though. However, I have come to expect that in Las Vegas now.
4	Ordered take out last night and it was surprisingly fresh and good! The chicken tikka masala, aloo gobi and mushroom mattar all tasted authentic. The samosas and naan were excellent!
4	I have eaten at many an Indian cuisine Resteraunt from here to Ontario. So I'd like to say my palate is seasoned. Taj has good food. Alot better than the three other Resteraunt's that were here that served canned curry and canned veggies at the buffet. The naan is great and compared to their competitors it surpasses them easily. The butter chicken is flavorful and nothing on the menu tastes artificial. Ghandi's is still my favorite in town, then Orgin India and this place is third. But if you want a quick buffet that is yumy and satisfies the senses ...come here!As for customer service they are always great. Very friendly and funny. And I love the open seating. Over all 4 stars. Dang near perfect.
5	Best Indian lunch Buffett in Las Vegas, the food quality is consistent, the staff is friendly, affordable priced, you can't go wrong if you like Indian food.The Garlic naan is outstanding and the Chicken Tikka Masala is the best I ever had.Try it!
3	Great place for buffet lunch. Unfortunately the same exact food is offered at dinner for 3x the price.Strangely we were at the buffet and at 315 were told they are ready to close and asked  us to leave.
3	This place is good.  It's just a little overpriced for my taste.  I'm better off making it at home.
4	I went here for the first time for lunch. I had a great experience. The staff is friendly and attentive. The price is great for a lunch buffet. The quality of the food is good. I found some of the sauces a little too creamy for my liking. I thought the variety of vegetarian and meat dishes was good. I wish the buffet had more dessert options. This is my new go to place for lunch when I want Indian food.
1	We visited this place last night for dinner.  There were 4 other parties dining there when we arrived.  The place was nicely decorated for a strip mall restaurant and the staff seemed friendly and welcoming.  Nehil was our waiter and the experience we had with him garnered Taj Palace this one star review.  Another couple came in after we did and Nehil spent 10 minutes chatting with the couple at the next booth, talking about himself.  When he did stop by to take our order I told him that I wanted the Vegetarian Appetizer Platter and he said "you don't want to order that, that's going to fill you up and you won't eat the entree."  I then ordered a potato filled bread and he said "you don't want to order that, take the garlic naan"  as if he wants to tell me what to eat.  I deferred to my Husband who wanted the half tandoori chicken and Nehil said to him "you don't want to order that, take the fish entree".  I asked to speak to a manager and he said none was available.  I then asked for a business card and the name of the owner and as we were leaving a group of men entered through the back door.  I spoke to one of them and told them about our experience and they just stood there dumbfounded.  We left and had a wonderful $75 dinner somewhere else.  Too bad Taj Palace - you lost our business forever.  The quote for this place is "Guest is as good as God".  I think not.
5	My bf took me here for the lunch buffet and it was great! The selection of food was soOooo much better than the other buffet I tried over at India Palace. We even got fresh naan! Choice of garlic and regular. Loved the Samosa and the mango chicken curry. Will definitely go back! This is a great selection of food for only $10.95. Even just 1 dish is worth the price!
5	In our party of 7 on a Saturday night we had one Indian food newbie and a couple greenhorns. We asked the acting manager to bring a dish for everyone to share "family style" that represents dishes of which they are proud. He beamed at the opportunity and the staff was incredible in their service. Those of us who regularly love Indian food couldn't have asked for a nicer, more friendly and higher-quality experience with which to introduce friends to this cuisine. I even appreciate that they took emphasis to make the vegetarian in our group (me) feel catered among the majority meat dishes. I adored my tikka masala paneer, rice (with pine nuts and raisins) and mushroom-veg dishes, and everyone else raved for the tandoor lamb ribs, curries, and shrimp. I wish I were eating Indian food like this all the time -- and with management/staff who is this splendid, no matter the cuisine. But alas I don't live in the Vegas area. Taj Palace is a treasure in the land of ordinarily low expectations for nondescript strip mall restaurants.
3	After my appointment, I was hungry and decided to give this place a try.  They had a big sign out front that said "Best of Vegas 2013."  I was excited to try it.  They were only serving buffet bar, so that's what I got.  My waiter was not very friendly.  He did not look happy to be there.  The buffet bar had about 10 different items plus rice and a vegetable samosa.  I was a bit disappointed with the selection.  I tried a little of everything.  Nothing really stood out.  It was all just ok.  The goat curry was mostly bones and gristle.  Ugh.  If this is the best Indian food that Vegas has to offer, I feel sorry for this town.
5	Great food!! I have been to almost every Indian restaurant in the Las Vegas area and can say without a doubt that this one is one of the best. Sure it's a little pricey, but they give you huge portions. Food was great, staff was very friendly and took care of everything I wanted. Stop by here, you will be glad you did!!
5	Wonderful experience -- food is fantastic and service is delightful!
3	Decent buffet. Limited vegetarian options but good enough. Nice place to eat. Non veg options seems to be great.
5	Great food, good selection of veg curries at buffet (choose from 6).Fresh and tasty garlic naan.Tastefully done interiors and decor.Clean bathroom with diaper changing station.Our little one was sleeping, she woke up 10 mins before 3 pm (close) and they accommodated us for 15 mins after close while she ate.
3	Came here for dinner with a bunch of friends and got seated right away since it wasn't busy at all. The ambiance is nice and relaxing. There was some incense burning and although the smell wasn't really all that pleasant, I got over it eventually and didn't think much of it.For our dinner outing, I opted for the paneer tikka masala paired up with some garlic naan. The food was alright but nothing to write home about. I thought the tikka masala lacked flavor and the naan was a bit dry in comparison to what I am used to at other places. Other people in my party ordered the chicken tikka masala and I decided to get in on it just to see if there was any difference in flavor between the two. Surprisingly, there was not. Oh well.. I came to get fed and that happened so I guess I'm good haha. Luckily, someone in our group had a coupon to take off some of the damage from the bill.Not bad but not enticed to come here on a regular/semi-regular basis. I'd probably give it another chance but might expand to other options on the menu instead of my usual Indian comfort dinner dish. We'll see..
5	---Rant---Great stuff~ The rice dishes were as spicy hot as I'd hoped they were, and the Tandoori Shrimp were more like Tandoori Prawns (REAL sized prawns). Portions were huge!  That's always awesome! Service was great; just what I expected. Answered questions, brought us more water on a regular basis, check came quickly, food came quickly, etc.This place is WAY better than Mount Everest India's Cuisine!  I don't know understand why that place gets more stars than Taj Palace; this place has better portions, comparable prices and better service.  And the food comes out faster!!!After my first visit here, I came back the very next night for takeout; more Tandoori Shrimp, Basmati Rice, and the usual Chicken Masala.  Can't go wrong.If you want great Indian food at reasonable prices, and you have a big stomach, definitely visit Taj Palace!~Criticisms:- Lighting could have been better, seemed kind of dingy- Decor could use an upgrade---Overall---Service: A.  Servers were friendly and answered questions I had about the foodFood: A+, great selection, BIG portionsAtmosphere: B-, chill and relaxed, but could use an upgrade in lighting and decor
5	This indian buffet is best in Las vegas.We never had bad food here and always satisfied with quality and reasonable price.This is one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas.
4	HENDERTUCKY'S INDIAN RESTAURANTNot a food cart or truck behind a grocery store or a converted gasoline station, it's a real dedicated Indian restaurant with real Indian decor. I understand it been under new ownership for two years plus. It's our first visit under the present ownership.We came for the lunch buffet around 2 pm this Friday. There were still a few occupied tables and the buffet carts were filled with food. Of course I ordered their garlic naan plus a Kashmiri naan. (it was most disappointing).Yu-go chauffeur always eats the veggies first and saves the meats for the second plate. He loved the spiciness of the veggies but he thought the meats were a little underseasoned... but not  a problem, he dunks everything in their green, white and red sauces anyway.It's a charming place to relax and enjoy which we certainly can attest to.
4	My husband and I liked the fact that it was close to home, had a very nice atmosphere, extremely friendly and helpful staff, delicious food, and reasonable prices (considering all the previously mentioned perks).  We walked in and were immediately seated.  Our server provided us with menus and asked if we had been there before.  After answering that we had not, he asked what Indian dishes we enjoyed and recommended some very yummy items on the menu.  We ended up getting LAMB DO-PIAZA, CHICKEN TIKKA MASALA, GARLIC NAAN, PEAS PILLAU, and 2 FLYING HORSE ROYAL LAGERs.  Everything was very tasty and full of rich flavor.  We couldn't finish and our server packed up the rest for us to take home.  We will be going back soon and will be taking our friends with us! :)
5	Best Indian food every love the coconut curry and the samosas are the best! I cant wait to go back.
5	This place has authentic Indian food! The service is great, the prices unbelievably low and the food quality is extraordinary. I have been eating there for over two years and I have never had a bad experience. If you go for lunch, they have buffet for only $9.99 and it's totally worth it! Highly recommended!
5	Great service; very friendly and helpful. Food was great! Better than I expected. I hate it when I ask for spicy and it comes out mild but this place did not disappoint! Overall the food was very good. This is going to be my go to place for good Indian food.
4	Just finished our third visit, second dinner here. We got the non-vegetarian meal for two. Everything was great, spiced to our request of medium heat level on the lamb and soup. We have enough left over for lunch tomorrow and we are both stuffed tonight. There was lots of flavor and every dish was distinctive unto itself. There were only two other tables with patrons and nobody else came before we left. Too bad as the food and service are both quite good and I for one want to see them busy enough to insure they are here for a long time.
4	The BEST Indian food and service in LV (Henderson)!
5	I've been coming here since this place opened.  The lunch buffet is great.  Love the goat, mango chicken and samosa are great!!  One of the best Indian buffets around!!!!  Definitely check lunch it out if you like Indian food. Wait staff is on top on service.
4	Great lunch buffet...Lots of variety of vegie curries and meat curries including goat or lamb. Some good chutney and sauces and fresh vegetables. The naan was pretty good. Extremely clean place and nice atmosphere. However the lunch buffet was pretty pricey. I would go more often if it weren't for the price. I will travel further to find good value.
5	The chicken tikka masala is to die for. The servers are very efficient and nice. Right when you sit down, they bring over water, Indian chips, and two sides to dip the chips in. The green one is pretty spicy, be aware! The red one isn't as spicy, but so great. Today we had the spiciness a 5, which was almost a little too spicy for me but still good. I haven't tried the buffet, but will soon for sure. I highly recommend this place! The atmosphere is nice and welcoming and I've never had to wait for a table.
5	I am so in love! Absolutely amazing flavor! Beautiful set up! And extremely friendly staff. We will be going back! :)
3	After a hike yesterday, we stopped here for their lunch buffet.  It was almost empty when we arrived but we must have been a draw because business picked up while we were there.They brought us ice water and we ordered garlic naan.  In fact, we ordered a second basket of garlic naan before we even started with the first.  It was quite good.The first part of the buffet had all vegetarian dishes.  Some of the standouts here were the  pakoras, large triangles filled with a spicy mix of vegetables, and the saag.  The saag had excellent flavorings and was very tasty.  I also tried some of the lentils and they were also good.In the second section, I had some goat curry, chicken tikka masala, and tandoori chicken.  The chicken tikka masala was standard as was the goat curry.  The tandoori chicken was a bit dry.A couple of things I noted that were different.  There is no silverware on the table.  You pick up utensils at the buffet when you're there or you go back and get if you forget.  I was expecting some kind of MTV India music playing or video,  but they had their TV off which was quite OK.  But instead, we had pop music which just didn't seem to fit the place.The room is pleasant, service was OK, and the lunch buffet was good.  There are a few standout items as mentioned.  I didn't have dessert, not even kheer, which almost unheard of for me.  The naan filled me up quite nicely along with two plates of food.
5	Tried the lunch buffet and it was delicious! Also had the mango yogurt drink, loved it and it definitely helped with the spicy food. If you can't take the spiciness, you can ask for this white sauce thingy that you can add to your food to make it less spicy, which I did. Lots of vegetarian options, but also had goat and chicken entrees. The buffet even had some desserts such as watermelon slices and rice pudding. The service was amazing! The waiter kept the water refills coming and took the dirty dishes right away. And lastly, the interior decorations and the ambiance of the restaurant is perfect! Very Indian style and great for groups or even dates! :)
5	Had the lunch buffet here...such a great deal for the authentic cuisine! Everything was delicious, especially paired with the fresh garlic naan. The restaurant is nicely decorated and had a warm, inviting feel. Great place to stop by with a group or even for a date :) The staff was courteous and made sure we were taken care of.
5	Great food, great atmosphere. I'm so stuffed, and we're taking most of the food home in doggy bags. Would've included a picture but everything looked so good we dug in before we realized.
5	Sorry I've been passing this place for 5 years.  Finally made up my mind and arrived at 1:30 today.  Sure glad that I need. The food was first class buffet.  Did not eat any of the pure vegan dishes,not my preference.   The various rices were fresh and fluffy.  Nothing looked like yesterday. All the meat dishes were surprisingly delicious.  Nothing was over spiced..just right. My system does not tolerate spices very well. The rice pudding desert was different but excellent as well. Service was spot on. .One of the tests of restaurants, for myself is the cleanliness of the rest rooms. Five stars clean here. I'm sure to be back in the future.
5	Everything was amazing!  Tender meat dElicious sauces.Menu needs more pictures because the food is even prepaired beautifully.
5	They can serve Jain food ! A classy and sophisticated restaurant at a few miles distance from Vegas strip. Delicious food and the staff was very friendly to accommodate our Jain food requirements. Try the Paneer butter masala, totally worth it! Don't forget, Yelp check-in provides free mango lassi.
5	I love this little restaurant! Everything on the menu is delicious and the service is always great. Their butter chicken is amazing, and the lentil soup has really intricate flavors - absolutely delicious. I also love their chicken tikka and tikka masala - you really can't go wrong with any dish here! And don't forget e garlic naan :)
4	Tasty food and friendly staff. Been coming here a few years. The prices have risen lately, but still within my budget for Indian food.
5	Been here about a couple times now and I must say I like the place.Service has been pretty good, the staff are friendly and attentive.The food takes longer to make and prep, in my opinion, but worth the wait as soon as you get to eating!What I've gotten the last two visits are the infamous Tikka Masala and Chicken Tandoori.Tikka Masala - famous dish in all Indian places that they guarantee all first timers will like. Pieces of moist, tender chicken cooked in a tomato-y, gingery sauce! Very rich and hearty! Suggest you dip their freshly baked Garlic Naan in this sauce!Chicken Tandoori - sizzling, marinated chicken cooked in the tandoor, on a bed of peppers and onions. Seasoned very well, comes out in the red color because of the spices. Moist and a little spicy for my palette but I still love the dish! Great to eat with their Basmati Rice!I'm glad we took our friend, Sandra R, here for her first time. A bit scared at first because she hated the smell that ALL Indian places have. She liked it, definitely ate everything on her plate. Upon paying and getting ready to leave, the waiter was so sweet, providing a small bowl of mango ice cream and put a candle on it because it was her birthday. Small gestures are a plus!Will definitely be coming back when craving Indian food!I hope to try their buffet style one day, but available only from Monday - Sunday11:00am to 3:00pm.
5	Hey the place is very authentic and food is just waooo one should visit atleast once whenevr comes to vegas ...and i am sure the taste will bound you to come again...
5	My first time trying Indian food! What a great place to try something for the first time!When walking into an Indian restaurant for the first time, the smell of the spices and herbs they use hits you pretty hard. It was very surprising. It grows on you though.With my lack of knowledge with Indian food, I just let Nieves D. & Carl I. Take the wheel and order the food.For starters they bring out their version of Chips & salsa. it's a very thin seasoned chip that you can break.. and for the dips it includes a green spicy dip and a sweet tangy dip. Both quite Delish. Tikka Masala Saucy chicken- I can't even explain how delicious this was. The sauce had the right amount of spices to give a good kick. The chicken in it just melted in my mouth it was so good. Was not dry at all. Tandoori sizzling chicken- we got a whole chicken and it was more than enough for us. The most moist chicken I ever had! Again, the spices used give the chicken so much flavor. Spices that I have never tasted before. Chicken was cooked above perfection. Lamb spicy coconut curry- I'm not really a fan of lamb so I just took a bite and decided to stick with the chicken. But the sauce the lamb was swimming in was pretty damn good. If it had a different meat in it, I'd probably devour it. Garlic Naan- Their version of garlic bread. You can dip the bread in the sauces of the dishes you order and it pairs up quite well. You get this mango shake when you check in. The service was good, the food just took forever to com out. But it was defiantly worth the wait! They even brought out mango ice cream with a candle for my birthday! What a great birthday dinner!
5	Great food. I love the lunch buffet. I took my wife for her first Indian food experience and she loved it. She talks about it all the time and wants to come back every week. I highly recommend.
5	Ate here last night and food and menu was amazing , service was top notch , it's my third time eating Indian food but this was my best experience , the waiter was extremely knowledgable and friendly and even suggested a dish that was chicken cooked in coconut milk and spices that was not only healthy but amazingly good , it's close to my house and I'll definitely be back !
5	What a great place! I've been eyeing this joint since I moved here. My wife and I loved it!! Prompt and friendly service, nice causal atmosphere, we will definitely be back!
3	We recently went to this restaurant... we have been going there for a long time... and it was different.   The Tikka Masala was not as good.... it was bland... and that is the main reason we go there... I asked the waiter what had changed since we had been there about 2 months ago.. and the bald chef apparently is no long there.   I was dissapointed with the flavor of the samosas also.... I wish I knew where the old chef went.. Not sure we will be coming back if the food is going to be like this????  Update... the bald chef is now at the Taste of India on Maryland Pkwy.  We will be going there now to see if the food is great like it was at the Taj Palace before he left.   They said they sometimes have Tikka Masala for lunch, but said to call in advance to check... they may be able to put it out for us...
2	Great food. Great service. Will certainly be a regular here.
5	First of all let me say i rarely ever rate a place 5 stars .Today was my first time trying indian food, i must say my experience was very pleasant! I am super pleased with this place and will be coming back soon! The service was excellent! I ordered the garlic naah and the chicken tikka masala with rice. I also got a mango smoothie free when i checked in here. The ambiance is also vey nice. Im impressed. Honestly cant think of one negative or bad thing to say.
4	Great little Indian joint tucked away in one of the many plaza and business centers on Eastern. This one in particular you can find in the same plaza at BJs!I met up with some friends here for lunch on the weekend to take advantage of their AYCE buffet. We got there around 1pm on a Saturday and there was ample seating despite the restaurant itself being pretty tiny. But hey, not complaining! (I hate waiting, but who doesn't?)Anyway, it's good to note that the buffet is only available for lunch and dinner menu becomes ala carte style so if you want to indulge in the buffet like me, come during lunch hours which I believe are until 3pm. Onto the juicy stuff, the food! It's not a huge selection but it was pretty tasty. The first section by the plates are the vegetarian entrees and that includes samosas! I love samosas and these were great. I had to force myself not to grab more than one each time I went back for another round. I also enjoyed the coconut curry chicken and the tikka masala. I was a little bummed not to see any lamb dishes or butter chicken but you can't win them all. You also get naan for the table and we opted for garlic naan. Came out fresh and hot!And one of the most surprising parts of the meal was the check! The lunch buffet costs a whopping $11. I don't know about you, but that's a steal for me.Lots of parking throughout the plaza is available as well so nothing much else to report on that front.
4	Taj palace is pretty much our go-to Indian Lunch place. (We do not work nearby) They are very accomodating of groups large and small, and its a great place to take carnivores, herbivores and omnivores alike. It's also a quick lunch; even though it's a buffet the servers are attentive and friendly. We're never left wondering if we can get the bill so we can go.I am Chronically Terrible at Spice, so Indian can sometimes be a challenge for me. I know, I suck. I havd been informed. But one of the things I love about Taj Palace's buffet is that they have a variety of heat levels; I can step outside my comfort zone, endure the burn, and them cool down if I bit off more than I can chew. (Pun absolutely intended.) Plus, their garlic naan is delicious and ever flowing, and all of the different sauces are just meant for being sopped up. My favorite is the goat curry. Yumm
4	Very good quality food and great price. Not to mention the service is very attentive and the restaurant is very clean. They have a greta selection of different types of naan bread. It's tucked away in the shopping center that it's in and doesn't seem to be anything special but when you go there and try the food it's unforgettable. They have northern Indian style & Pakistani dishes and it's perfect for vegetarians.
5	This place is beyond amazing. Been there over 5 times and every time I go in, it only seems to get better. They have a variety of options that are truly tasteful. The service is great as well. Definitely go for the lunch buffet. It's awesome.
4	Great Indian food.  Not as greasy or overwhelming like some other restaurants.  The check in Lassi is nice to have, and the portions are appropriate.  Delicious masala for sure!
5	Back again.  Still the best deal for Indian buffet in the greater Las Vegas area. Food is always fresh And the price is right.
5	Good
5	Our favorite Indian food restaurant in the area.Best chicken tikka masala I've had since I was a kid. We normally get the Non-Vegetarian platter for 2 which comes with an order of pakora, chicken tandooria, your choice of a chicken dish, their dal of the day, tomato basil soup, an order of naan, an order of basmati rice and a dessert for about $50. We normally get the chicken tikka masala, but I've heard their butter chicken is excellent. Every bite of food is delicious here, and all of the servers are very knowledgeable about people with a gluten allergy which is always helpful. Most Indian food, except the breads, are gluten free friendly, and I have never gotten sick from eating here.Great service, fantastic, flavorful food and a relaxing ambiance. Best place in town.
4	Been there to eat last Ssturday.  The lunch buffet was awesome.  Very good tasty Indian dishes and delicious garlic naan.
5	Very Good! Butter Chicken ROCKS! The garlic Nan Bread is super super good too! Very nice staff as well.
5	This was my first time here, never heard of it before.. Just happened to drive by and I was hungry.  I got the $10.95 lunch buffet.  It was soo much better then I expected.  The garlic naan was delicious.. The samosas were great and I can't say one bad thing about all the entrees I had.  I tried the chicken tiki masala, goat curry, and another spicy chicken dish I can't remember the name of.  All here cooked and spiced perfectly.  The spinach saag was perfect.  Only downfall of buffets is you can't adjust spice level. I like it face melting hot but I totally understand why they have to make it mild.  I'll defiantly be coming back to try the rest of the menu.
2	I went with some friends, after an exam to celebrate....bad move. My girlfriend ordered Chicken Tikka Masala - and it had good flavors (slightly sweet) and made with chicken breast. I ordered the butter chicken. I was sorely disappointed because it wasn't chicken breast or even thigh- the "chicken" was consistent in shape and texture with chicken feet -- and that honestly really grossed me out. To only make matters worse, I felt really bad 2-3 hours later- and by bad I mean food poisoning- stomach cramps...and you can imagine the rest.Needless to say, I won't be returning.
5	Now I'm not a connoisseur at Indian cuisine.  This is probably only my second time ever having it.  One thing I know is when food is delicious...and this food was fantastic!Very attentive service as soon as I walked into the door.  I knew I wanted to try something vegetarian, so the waiter helped me out and let me know some of the favs veggie dishes. I knew that I wanted to try the samosas, so I started my night with some of those.  I must say that they taste so much better than the frozen ones I usually buy from the supermarket.  Haha.  Great potato filling with excellent seasoning. I don't really know what the green sauce is that comes with every table, but it paired well with them.Decided on ordering the Paneer Masala, full order of basmati rice, and I've read so much about the garlic naan that I had to see if the hype was real.  Mann it sure was real!  That naan is top notch! I had no idea it would be so much food (just meant that the next day...leftovers). I ordered the masala with a level 6 spice, and it was very mild.  I know now I can take it up to an 8 or 9 on my next visit.  The richness of flavor really hooked me in, and the naan pairs perfectly with it.  I now know that a full order of rice will feed two (or me twice). The paneer has a tofu like texture and didn't taste like cheese at all.  I'm wondering if this type of meal can be super fattening.  Guess I'll find out soon because I will be back again!Great flavor, cool atmosphere, relaxing decor.  This will be one of my favs
4	This is a review of the lunch buffet, I haven't tried anything off the regular menu.The buffet is awesome , always fresh with an excellent variety.  The nan is very good, highly recommend the garlic nan.Service is good and the staff are always on top of bringing more nan and refilling table drinks . They buffet hot plate area is always clean and very presentable .If you go here you will easily consume a thousand calories or more, so it's a great stop after some good physical activity ;)
4	Pleasant service and decor.   Had the buffet and everything I tried was very good.    One could say selection is limited for Vegas buffet standards but it's still good enough and reasonably priced.
5	Super awesome food. Had chicken tikka and kabobs. And had the best beer in the world - Haywards 5000. Great host and servers. Highly recommended!!!
5	Great food! Great service! Had kabobs and chicken curry with Taj Mahal beer, perfect meal
5	Best Indian food ever!  We had tandoori chicken and kabob!  Superb food, amazing service.
5	Food is excellent and the service is great!  Staff is very friendly.  Portions are huge, always good to have food to take home :)
5	It really is fit for Royalty! I had their buffet couple of times and there are very delicious. The flavor of the curries is on the lighter side not as strong as other places.I love their ALOO MATAR-Green peas [matar] cooked with potatoes [aloo] & spices,ZEERA ALOO-Potatoes cooked with cumin and herbsALOO GOBHI-Cauliflower and potatoes cooked with spices and herbsGOAT CURRY-Goat meat cooked with a fine blend of Indian spicesTANDOORI CHICKENHALF - you can get half for $11 or full for $20This marinated chicken is cooked in its own juices in the tandoor, and is the fire and spice of India.I like everything so far. You can buffet to go as well, they will give you a box, naan and a small cup for soup to go.
5	tried it for the first time last night and it need not disappoint. Garlic naan is amazing. They use fresh garlic not the power stuff. My bf and I also had the chicken tikamasala and the chicken mango curry. Both dishes were delicious.
5	I recommend this place to everybody who likes to try different types of food. My husband and I went to the lunch buffet. Everything was fresh hot and delicious. The naan bread amazing. We tried a little bit of everything and loves it all. That is our number 1 spot for Indian food. Next time we will come back for dinner. The atmosphere is great. Very traditionally decorated. The service was excellent. All the servers were very prompt and polite. We got water and bread right away. 5 stars all across.
4	Was here for the lunch buffet. Decent taste, good selection of buffet spread. Would be better if they have a better dessert option.
4	The staff is always friendly and so far have no complaints about the food my favorite is the samosas!!
5	I live my the Taj and my friend and I finally went there to have dinner.  Just entering the restaurant , with its aromas was great.We started with the salad that we both shared ,it was so nice before dinner.Then we shared the shrimp vindaloo,7  heat level and also the coconut chicken with a side of garlic naan. Every dish was so amazing.Im just sorry I never ate there sooner.Next time I will do the lunch buffet so I can try a little of everything!I haven't had Indian food since I was in London a few years back and this place was great,the service was also very good. I will be coming back.
4	Just enjoyed the lunch buffet, which included several dishes I've never seen in other Indian restaurants. The Vegetable Samosas are better than I've had anywhere else,  ever. Service was very good.
5	Delicious Indian food! They have a large selection of vegan/vegetarian options and every single one is delicious. I always go for dinner and I'm never disappointed with the food or service.
