3	It was opening day and my wife wanted to go.  There was a long line so I didn't expect to be served right away.  The music was way too loud considering the conditions.  My wife and I had the JJs White Hots and my children had hot dogs. We had the onion rings and french fries.  The White Hots were a little small considering the price but were tasty.  My children were not very enthusiastic in their comments regarding the hot dogs.  The onion rings were good but the french fries had nothing special about them.  They were very plain.  The soft drink selection was not very expansive.  A lot of the new self-serve places are using the touch-screen machines that give you a wide variety of drinks.  It is a little expensive for hot dogs and bratwursts.  The White Hot upgrade to a combo that includes the fries or onion rings and a drink is about $10.00.  Check the menu before you go because it is limited.  I expected more than was offered there and all of us left the restaurant agreeing that we won't hurry back any time soon.  For that reason, I could not give it 4 stars.
3	Ordered some dogs to go (Maui Gold and the Char Heel).  I tried to order the Whistle Pig, but they were out of a key ingredient, so no luck this time.  Dogs themselves:  Both were very good, but not necessarily great, because, after all, we're writing about hot dogs.  The toppings make or break these things, in my opinion.  The Maui Gold with sweet and tangy pineapple salsa paired with the crisp diced onion and hot dog provided some unique flavors I haven't tasted before.  Buns were fresh.  Two thumbs up. Service:  A little bit chaotic, but, this is, after all, their second day in operation, so I'll give them a pass.  There were plenty of staff members around, so it's not like mgmt has tried to cut corners.  They just need to settle into role and responsibilities a little and develop a better understanding of how to interact with customers (I felt like cashier was reading a script and the person handing me my food at the end of the counter was in another world).  I'd also point out the restaurant doesn't seem to flow very well.  Food is being carried by staff members to tables through the crowd of people waiting for to-go orders, which happens to be the same spot as the soft drink machine crowd.  I wish they could have spaced things out a little better.Price:  Very reasonable.  $3.50 for a dog; add $2.50 if you want onion rings and a drink.  That's cheap by East Blvd standards.Overall, I think any place with a line extending to the door has something good going on.  I'll be back, hopefully they will have worked out the service kinks by that time.  Dilworth workers just gained another great spot to grab a quick, but decent lunch.  Competition is good for all of us.
4	Went here on the 4th of July for a few dogs, and I have to stay, I was impressed.Due to the fact that I came there at lunch time on the 4th and that it was the Grand Opening, its no surprise that the line was pretty long.  Its set up so you place your order, pay, are given a numbered sign, and your food is brought to you at your seat.I ordered the Char Heel ($3.49) which came with Chili, Slaw, Diced Onions, Mustard.  I made it a combo and was able to get onions rings which were great, and a refillable fountain drink for an additional $2.49.  I also ordered the The Whistle Pig, which came with house-cured bacon, shredded cheddar cheese, diced onions, and mustard.  I have to say, it took a LONG time for my two buddies and I to receive our food.  Once again this may be due to the fact that it was the Grand Opening and therefore somewhat crowded.  However, once our food arrived, I knew after the first bite of that warm, tender Char Heel, that it was worth the wait.  Its hard to pick one particular flavor of the Char Heel that stood out because they all perfectly complimented each other.  Not to be outdone, the Whistle Pig was full of salty goodness as the bacon added a unique texture and taste that you've got to experience for yourself.I've really got nothing bad to say about JJ's sans the long wait.  The staff was very friendly, there is plenty of parking on either side of the building, the prices are reasonable and most importantly, the food is legit.  If you are looking for a new spot to Charlotte, I highly recommend JJ's.PS: Dear JJ's Management, I know you guys are from upstate NY; much love for the Nick Tahou's sign you guys have hanging up.  But you guys have got to bring a REAL GARBAGE PLATE TO CHARLOTTE!  You would be the only spot in the south us implanted Western New Yorkers could go for a Plate!  Give it a thought...(http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nick_Tahou_Hots)
4	Never would have guessed that I would enjoy a Hot Dog this much!  Brats too!  July 4th 2012.... 1:59 1/2 pm and the Rooftop is BOOOOMING with an All-Drum Banging "band" (of sorts) - WBTV News Van taking up two parking spaces!  Many people parking way down the street and walking and waiting outside 40 minutes (including me) to see and taste what they have heard and read from the media saturated coverage (good job) of this grand event!  The OFFICIAL [in a very DEEP voice] so-called official [in a very whispered undertone] OPENING DAY! ! !  YAY! By the time you are reading this the staff will be very familiar with the menu and you can order in your sweetest southern accent: Yes (some people are not sure how to respond to sentences that start with the word YES)!  In a more diplomatic (for me) manner of ordering I just pointed to the menu on the wall!Maui Gold: Blackened on the outside and perfect on the inside... Loaded with Grilled Pineapple salsa and Chopped White Onion!JJ's White Hot, stripped (almost it did have a bun) - They say this Brat is House-made, it was very tasty - Usually the "JJ's White Hot" has Sour Kraut probably Sauerkraut (not an angry German, uhhhh Deutschelander, I mean!  Sorry to the Germans).On the Buns!  Martins Potato Roll, hummm...soft and an OK flavor, though NOT able to hold much more than a Hot dog without spilling some on your bling bling (if you know what I mean! On a serious note...If you have never dined on this Roof-Top, especially at night, especially when the weather is just right, even when its Hot or cold, you could imagine how fun it must be or... you could find out for yourself!The Orangeade and Limeade looked really Good, so I'll be back to check those out!  I keep hearing about the Onion Rings and seeing photos of these, so I will probably taste those too and if I like them I'll tell you and if I do NOT like them I will only post the Photo (I'll never tell you who(s) taught me that trick)!They did a great job for this Busy and grand scale event, so I imagine it will continue to get even better!  If I give them 4 stars on "opening" day imagine how much you will like it!
2	Let's just cut to the chase. I was not incredibly impressed. We went to check it out last night since we have been craving a good hot dog. We left still craving a good hot dog. The Coney Dog looked great but was bland, and the onion ring batter turned too hard when fried. I actually was concerned that it may crack a tooth. The Andouille sliders are a rip off. Twice the price of a regular dog and less than half the meat. The amount of meat in each of the 2 sliders was less than a single Little Smokie link. Basically tasted like mayo and bread.The food isn't horrible, just not great. I won't be rushing back anytime soon.
5	Tried out JJ's on Friday, during opening week.   I'm not a huge hot dog fan because places like this are usually fried food centric.  However, I was surprised at how much I enjoyed the two dogs I got.  Char Heel and Whistle Pig.  Both were phenomenal.  I ordered the onion rings as a side and hand mand lemonade - fantastic. I'm very excited to try the rest of the menu - Must try this place.
4	Tried JJ's the day after the Grand Opening. Smooth ordering process and solid list of options for dogs. Great interior decor and vibe and best of all--the food was very good.  JJ's has been added into our go-to rotation.
4	I grew up on Salens hot dogs and was a treat to have my first one in 10+ years.Great aesthetic inside and out. Kind of tight seating -- mostly due to having a newborn in a stroller.Cashier was a little ditzy and for a family of 4 (2 adults, 2 kids under 4 yrs + newborn) it was a bit expensive; $30. Onions are AWESOME. Had a bit of bite to them. Hot dogs & Italian Sausage were great.We will definitely go back sometime in the future as a splurge dinner.
5	Best hotdog(s) I've ever had. The toppings are phenomenal. The space and design details are great and the concept (once the crowds die down a little and some opening kinks are worked out) is perfect for a very fast, very cheap meal. They have 4 taps of local beers, and then a very decent canned beer list (Oskar Blues and the like). My only complaint concerns the VERY young (most looked 18 or under), VERY inexperienced front of the house staff. It matters little since its a take-a-number type of place, but the girl taking our order was dumb as a box of rocks and had zero social tact.Me: "...and a side of fries please."Her: flatly "We don't have those anymore."Me: *looks back at the menu* "....Wasn't your grand opening yesterday? Do you mean you just ran out?"Her: "Ummmm...*stares vacantly* we just like, don't have them."-long pause-Me: "Onion rings then."I just thought it was funny. It does nothing to dampen my enthusiasm for JJ's!
5	We stopped by JJ's later in the afternoon on their opening day, which was July 4th.  We were happy to see that the line had died down, because when we passed by the place about an hour earlier, there was a line wrapped around the building.  When we got inside, there was still a line to the ordering counter, but it moved pretty quick.  We were meeting several friends here so a couple of us got in line to order while others got a few tables together for our large group.  I had the bratwurst with sauerkraut and deli mustard, which was awesome, and the wife got the herb chicken sausage added to her salad.  Yeah you heard me right, she got a salad.  She enjoyed her mixed green chopped salad and the balsamic vinaigrette, and the chicken sausage made in-house was awesome.  We also ordered a couple of beer from their four taps.  On tap beers were local NoDa Brewing, OMB and a Foothills IPA. They also serve several beers from cans and red/white wine by the glass.  We also tried some of the dogs and I would need to return to eventually try them all.  Looking forward to getting a whistle pig next time.The main issue with JJ's, when we were there, was the chaos that was their opening day.  Once the staff has a few shifts under their belts and they work the kinks out, I hope JJ's will be around for a long time.  They offer a very reasonably priced menu for Dilworth and what I assume will continue to be a stellar beer selection.  They also need to figure out a better way to order another beer other than going back up to the counter, especially, if they are planning on having groups of people hanging out at the restaurant.
3	JJ's may be serving red hots off of the grill, but their overall value and product is better described as luke warm.  In short, they grill up a competent enough dog in a great looking space, but be prepared to fork out a handsome price for the privilege.A walk thru the front door leads to a relatively open dining room with a mix of booths against the wall, a centralized bar area and tables out on the floor.  Props to the central light fixture/insider-refence to "The Drum," which was the original restaurant at this location.  You order from a central counter, where the menu is plastered against the wall .  The concept is informal and, aside from delivery of your order, everything is self-serve.  Credit is due here for a very polished and consistent look across the brand.The focus, though, is mix of hot dogs and sausages.  All are chargrilled and then served on a potato bun.  The options are diverse and range from traditional to unique (e.g. a salmon sausage).  On my lunch trip, I tried the chicken and herb sausage which included grilled onions and peppers along with spicy remoulade.  It was tasty enough, but nowhere near a good value at $6.00.  It couldn't have been more than 4-5 decent sized bites.  Even the regular hot dogs go for $3.50 to $4.00 a piece and I would find it hard to think that just one was a filling lunch or dinner.To make your 'red hot' a combo will be another $2.49 and that gets you a fountain drink and a side.  For my side, I tried the "soon to be infamous" onion rings as I was told they were out of french fries (how does that happen?).  While the batter was unique as it had the look and consistency of tiny corn flakes, my order size was small and about of quarter of the overall portion was only the flakes of batter which were heavily laden with oil.  This order was soon to be forgotten.  The other two options: slaw and borracho beans, though I have not tried them, seem lackluster when compared to the hype given to the fries and rings.  Hopefully the portion sizes are larger.To tally it up, I was $8.50 in just for my lunch and felt like I had very little to show for it.  Was this meal truly unique, I might see it as a special occasion kind of place.  But ultimately, and the real challenge here, for this concept to work is for JJ's to differentiate itself from any other restaurant that serves a hot dog or a sausage.  While there are a few things here you won't find elsewhere, at the end of the day it's still a hot dog or a sausage and side items that are largely commonplace, all in a self-serve setting.  JJ's hasn't elevated these items or the experience to a higher level and, consequently, I'm left asking, "Why pay the premium?"  For these red hots to catch fire, something more is needed.
4	We went to JJ's on a Saturday night and it was definitely busy. I ordered the Maui dog with onion rings. I enjoyed the pineapple salsa, but the onions were on overload.  Although the onion rings were a little on the greasy side, the spices and flavoring was delicious. There was a definite spice to the rings that built up over time. The hot dog was very good and we will definitely be coming again.  Can't beat a great hot dog with great prices.The space looks great, parking lot is annoying.
3	First, let me state that I want this place to succeed.  It's in a great location and there's not really anything similar in the area.  Getting hot dogs on a Saturday afternoon has been a longtime routine of mine.Pros:The hot dogs I got(the Char Heel) were fine.  Nothing really to complain about there.  Chargrilled and potato rolls, can't go wrong.I love the location, the atmosphere, the patio, the deck.  I especially like paying tribute to the original tenant at that location, The Drum.  nice touch!Cons:The main reason I couldn't give a rating higher than 3 is because they said they had taken french fries off of the menu.  How can you have a hot dog place and not have french fries?!?!  Perhaps the cashier misspoke.  Because considering the place was not even a week old, and to already take something off of the menu, seems like an odd decision.My next complaint, and it is minor, is all of the references to upstate NY.  I understand being proud of where you're from.  Or even a "themed" restaurant.  But when you have a Char Heel dog, a Maui dog, a Joliet dog and a Sonoran dog, you lose a NY theme possibility.  When you're in the heart of Charlotte, a "Go Panthers" dog seems more appropriate to pleasing your customer base than a "Go Bills" dog.
2	Checked this place out with my boyfriend. We got two hot dogs (Dirty Jerz and Chili Cheese Coney), onion rings, and lemonade. I was super stoked because this place seems to have it all - great vibe, outdoor seating, FREE PICKLES? I mean, come on. But when the food arrived, I was disappointed. The hot dogs were fine, but nothing spectacular. I'm hoping their sausages have something more special about them? The chili topping was okay but not fab, and the Dirty Jerz is just your typical hot dog. We got some of their special "Rocket Sauce" on the side, and it looked like vomit. Seriously, like a grayish-pinkish chunky mess. It did not taste good.The onion rings were very greasy, more like onion straws, with no crunch or anything to them. Basically just thin onions dipped in oil. The breading did not hold together whatsoever.The lemonade apparently has basil in it, but I couldn't taste it. Just was like a watery lemonade.All in all, I'll probably give JJ's another shot, but with much lower expectations.
1	I wanted to love this place, and I really don't want to give a mean review but here's what I found. Tables and floors....filthy on a Sunday afternoon. Ick right off the bat.Onion rings.....SUPER greasy. I have a tummy ache as I'm writing. Dogs.....well, I've had better standing on a rainy street corner in NYC.Price.....way high and not a great value for what you get. A clean restaurant and a smiling face or two would have really gone a long way in softening my review. (Lebowski's has nothing to worry about with their new neighbor.)
4	I've been here a couple times with my husband, and we really enjoyed it. It has an excellent location right off of East Blvd in Dilworth. The hot dogs are very good, and the menu has a lot of toppings to choose from. For my taste, these are the best hot dogs in Charlotte. We both had the Chili Cheese Coney and the dog itself has a lot more flavor than the typical dog. They grill it right there and the chili and cheese are very well balanced. The onion rings are terrific. I only wish they had healthy side options like a salad or a cup of fruit.
5	Just ate here for lunch today!! IT WAS AWESOME!!! Def should check it out if you are in the mood for a dog!! they are good.  the onion rings are good too and all the choices look great.  Can't wait to go back and eat another.  Also A+ on the decor and atmosphere!! SHOULD REALLY CHECK OUT THIS JOINT! or you be missing out
4	First visit yesterday and I have to admit I love it.  Yes it's a little more than you'd spend on street meat hot dogs but then again it's flavor and style of the dog you are buying too.  I really dig the decor, very clean and refreshed and I can't wait till the weather cools down so I can enjoy the roof.  Another great thing is the chance for a t-shirt afer punching all the unique dogs on your loyalty card.  That's a great marketing idea!I was also glad to see some decent beers on tap and the remaining beers are can only.  Can't wait to go back.
4	We had dinner at JJ's Red Hots last night and were not disappointed.  It was our first visit to the restaurant.  The staff was very friendly and helpful.  They offer a good variety of hot dogs and sausage.  We enjoyed the "JJ's Redhot," "Dirty Jerz," and "Charheel" hotdogs.  They have a bit of whimsey in naming their hotdogs to match specific U S states.The restaurant is exceptionally clean with a health rating of 101.  Plus, the design of the restaurant is quite comfortable and pays homage to The Drum restaurant that occupied the space many years ago.We look forward to returning to JJ's and trying their other hot dogs.
2	I eat out a lot, work in a restaurant,  and I love hot dogs! But this place didn't seem to hit the spot. I was excited for a hot dog joint. Meh. Not what I expected, the fun upbeat decor and music do not add up to the service, or food.  Here it is a Sunday afternoon, no one is in here. I'll start with the food, I had the JJ no.1 Red Hot. Hot is what it was, spicy and the pickles added an awkward, but good touch. The coleslaw, bland. I think KFC has better coleslaw that what I just ate from here. The beers on draft, all four, are local, NoDa Brews, which are of course yummy. Probably the only thing I enjoyed. Don't get me started on the staff, who weren't so welcoming and seemed bored out of their minds, as they stood there, with the manager I'm assuming, watching tv. All in all, I've had better, nothing special about this place. I give it two stars, ONLY because they had good beers on draft.
4	Last week I had the opportunity to meet the owners, managers and staff at JJ's and to sample a good portion of the menu. JJ's is in the space occupied by The Drum restaurant, which operated from 1948 - 1995. Following the end of The Drum's operation several restaurants have opened and failed in this space. Judging from the new design, the level of enthusiasm and the quality of the food I think JJ's is here to stay!We tried sample portions of most of the offerings and all were well-executed and tasty. JJ's uses smokehouse hot dogs from Sahlen's Packing Company in Buffalo, NY and the dogs are chargrilled over an open flame - yay for that charred smoky taste! Then come the toppings. There are eight signature hot dogs like the Char Heel (house-made chili, house-made slaw, diced onions and mustard) and my favorite: the Joliet Jake (Chicago style with tomatoes, sport peppers, diced onions, pickle relish, deli mustard, celery salt and pickle spear). You can also build your own with a long list of toppings, some of which are made in-house. House-made picked jalepenos and pickled vegetables are available at a self-serve bar near the soda fountain to top things off. I didn't try these during my visit but next time I'm definitely going to load up!JJ's also serves several specialty sausages including house-made smoked salmon sausage with quick-pickled cucumber, red onion and herb aioli - so tasty and a good option for the non-pork eating crowd. The chicken sausage with grilled onions and bell pepper was another favorite of mine but the andouille sausage sliders take the cake with delicious cole slaw on top. Bratwurst, Italian sausage and a Polish round out the sausage menu. Salads and homemade chili are also offered so yes, you could even take a vegetarian here - the onion rings and desserts are great too!
4	Best damn dogs i've ever had... i had to have 2.. OK maybe 3...
2	This place serves up some excellent wieners (and sausages), but an excellent wiener doesn't automatically insure an excellent hot dog - whatever version you're having - one of their Signature Hot Dogs, or one you choose to build yourself. The wiener is only part of the composition of a great hot dog, the most important part, but still just a part. The roll, the toppings (individually and collectively), cooking method, and finally the assembly process itself will determine the ultimate pedigree of the dog - Best of Breed, Mutt, or something in between.We tried 3 Signature Hot Dogs - JJ's "No.1" Red Hot, The Char Heel, and The Joliet Jake (Chicago Style) - and I was underwhelmed with all 3 from the point of view of taste, texture, and composition. The very first think you notice when you unwrap the dog (any one of them) is the omnipresence of the color yellow (check out the photos) - the mustard, rather sharp mustard at that, is applied last, and with a heavy hand. On the first 2 Signature Dogs we tried, the mustard is applied to a large layer of slaw, and these 2 items overwhelm all other aspects of the hot dog - the excellent wiener gets lost, as do the other toppings, which are fairly small quantities to begin with - in fact, I don't know if I like their chili or not, never found enough to taste. These 2 dogs cost $3.49.The Joliet Jake ($3.99) is not an outstanding version of the Chicago style dog. There were no whole Sports Peppers, the tomato was limited, and the Pickle Relish was bland, and the deli mustard was applied last and too liberally for my taste. I do not care for Potato Rolls, in general, and this one didn't change that opinion. All in all, these heavy hot dogs are overpriced, and do not rock you with flavor, mainly for the reasons mentioned. I would not order any of the 3 dogs we tried as they were served.I went back, and ordered a simple dog with Sauerkraut and mustard, with the mustard applied before the kraut, and this was a very good dog, showcasing the excellent wiener, but cost $3.99 - very much over-priced. I don't consider this a hot dog destination kind of place, especially not in the Charlotte area, which boasts a number of outstanding dogs, include the Southern Chili Dog at Green's Lunch, a variety of good dogs by The Chili Man, and a number of very good Chicago Dog choices, including the outstanding one at Poppa's in Mooresville.I imagine this place could do very well, it is the trendy kind of place some folks flock to - look at the success of Skippy's and their Pretzel bun in Winston - but I'll probably not be one of the flock here. Love the wiener, love that it is grilled, but the dog as a whole is another thing.
5	JJ's caught me by surprise and I couldn't be more excited.  If you haven't visited, you need to make it a point to check out this new hotspot.Let me first start out by saying I have always been a little bias on my hotdog cravings.  For the past decade, I've loved Chicago dogs moreso than the Carolina style.  I did grow up in Statesville in the 80s and there was a place called Elliott's Old Fashioned Ice Cream and their ice cream and hot dogs were insanely great and memorable.  It was a classic soda shop feel and was very 50's.  It since closed after the owners passed away and I've been disappointed 95% of the Carolina dogs that I've had.  Enter, JJ's.My wife got the Char Heel and Homemade Chips w/ Ranch.  I got the Chicago Dog with Onion Rings.  I ended with a Chocolate Shake and she had a nice import beer as their selection is great for this type of spot.My Chicago Dog was fantastic and I have to say they have the edge in flavor over Matt's Chicago Dog.  That floored me.  The relish isn't the noteable bright green buy the flavor was fantastic.  Now, the Char Heel.  This is the best Carolina-Style hotdog that I have had since 1995ish.  As soon as I took a bite of this magnificent hotdog and it had that perfect snap, the flavors of the onions, chili and mustard sent me back.  Yep, I'm a little intense with this one but it's just that good.  The flavor was perfectly balanced and it brought me back to my youth.  This is located next to Lebowski's and the businesses that tend to go in here don't last long.  They have a great parking lot now and a rooftop patio so I'm hoping people take advantage of this place.  I know I'll be doing my part in hope they stay strong.
3	First off, if you're looking for a good, healthy meal, then this is not the place for you. As advertised; it's hot dogs. Sure, hot dogs with all different toppings, but hot dogs nonetheless.As expected, it's a totally casual place. You order at teh counter, and then they bring your order to your table. The booth we sat in, however, was totally weird. On the side I was sitting in, it was a normal sized booth, that could fit 2 people, but no more. But the side my husband sat on was about a half of a booth, so that only he would have been able to sit on that side. Weird, and kind of awkward.I ordered the "No. 1" - which is topped with chili relish (which I love whenever I can get it), mustard, onions, and a pickle spear. It really was a pretty good hot dog. The pickle spear made it a bit difficult to eat (it pushed the dog out of the bun), but I just kept mashing it back in after each bite. I was not, however, thrilled with the bun; plain, like from a grocery store shelf, cold, and kind of doughy.My husband ordered the Cheese Coney, and I had a bite of that, too. That one was also pretty good; topped with chili, cheese and onions. The 2 of us split an order of their homemade chips, and there were more than enough to share in that order. This was probably my favorite part of the meal. The chips were hot and crunchy and had a cool dipping sauce to go with it. My husband puzzled (a few times), about why they didn't even have fries available. I didn't really care, and I like the chips, but I do agree that a lot of people probably would like some fries with their dog.I also enjoyed the small bar that had some free extras, like ginger carrots and pickled vegetables. I munched on those while we were waiting for our dogs to arrive. This was a really inexpensive, enjoyable lunch (I think it cost $11 for the both of us), and a good family place. I'm a little baffled at some of the excitement that I've read in the other reviews, because, I mean, I just can't get that excited about a hot dog, even if it's good, but I'd go back every once in a blue moon for a cheap, quick, yummy, totally unhealthy lunch.There's not much else to say; other than: hot dogs.
4	A hot-dog only restaurant?  Heck yeah!!!! Woot!This place serves up one of my guilty pleasures.. Hot dogs.  And not just your run-of-the-mill boring things stuck in a bun.  No, they do it right.  They GRILL their dogs.  If you ask them to boil one, they will be highly offended.  And, if you smile and ask nicely, (and are weird like me) they'll even burn one for you.  It's on the short list of my favorite things.. a charred (almost black) hot dog.  Maybe I was dropped on my head early in life, I don't know, I have no explanation.  But JJ's did it for me.  And it was glorious!They have great toppings, yummy milkshakes, and good fries.  I also tried their onion rings, but I wasn't that crazy about them.  Let's face it, I was there for the dog.They also have some "higher end" items, like a salmon sausage and other 'brat' type things.  We really enjoyed our visit.  I can just imagine how nice their rooftop area will be in early autumn or spring.  They have a decent beer selection, and even have wine.I predict this place will stay busy, and I can't wait to get back for another charred treat!
3	I live in the dilworth neighborhood, and was very excited for the opening of JJ's.  It was a beautiful evening so, we went in ordered dogs, fries and beers and told them we wanted to sit on the roof.  They told us to go up, after about ten minutes I went in to check on our beer.  They were sitting on the counter and I was told they had forgotten about them and apologized.  I took the beers and went back on the roof.  In a few minutes two delicious hotdogs and fries arrived, I aske for a napkin ans the server directed me to downstairs, so I went and got napkins.  We ate the hot dogs and half way thru ran out of beer, no server in sight, and I had laready closed out my cc, so we finished our hot dogs and fries, and left heading somewhere else for a beer and an appetizer.Beverages are the cash cow, had we had a server on the roof we would have ordered more dogs and more beer.  Figure out the service, we want to come back.
2	This area has needed another hot dog joint since the demise of that other HD place City Hot Dogs located where PioPio is now located. City Hot Dogs had a great do-it-yourself topping bar and I kinda wish JJ's took note of that and expanded what they offer.Walking in impressed by the decor and merchandising, I really expected to be wowed. I saw some beautiful looking franks & sausages coming from the grill area to the counter where a small army of employees added the various toppings and sent them on their way.I placed my order for something easy and tasty that can't be screwed up: a chili-cheese coney with onion rings and a sweet tea. Next to the fountain station was a tiny topping bar and I got a small cup of the vinegar-veggies and they were quite good. Probably the most flavorful item the place had on this visit. Doesn't sound good saying that, does it?Sweet tea was average. Chili-cheese coney, while a decent size, lacked any memorable flavor. I figured with the frank being charred the way it was, that dog was going to pop with flavor. No dice. Chili was kinda bland. I had to douse this sucker with some hot sauce and a dash of salt & pepper. The onion rings were a failure. I think the majority of the breading was left in the little basket or on my lap. Somebody ain't frying these suckers right and ketchup is a must to dip them in. Not a lot of flavor to be had out of these either.For the price I paid, I felt like this place did not deliver. I can easily go to Greens around the corner from my building and get 2 hot dogs for the price of JJ's one and even though Greens is guilty of using canned chili, frozen fries & onion rings, etc.....the tastes and bargain there are so much better. I can get a dash of more flavor out of a bottle of Texas Pete there than anything JJ's had to offer.Methinks JJ's needs to strive harder in coming up with food that will match what they're trying to accomplish. Merchandising already? Really? C'mon! Work on your product first! It's like they're trying to sell this off as a franchise before they're putting their money where their mouth is in the actual menu itself. I even saw a group of the owners/managers/partners having a pow-wow in a booth, hatching up their next scheme. Do you know hard it was for me not to go over there and rain on their parade?I would like to make a return visit and at least try one of their brats or other sausages.  For selling me an overpriced hot dog, I say this place fails. For such a lack of flavor they should at least given me 2 for that price. At least expand that topping-bar so I can boost the flavor up some how.As I told Sam J., hot dogs should never cross into that "gourmet" territory that hamburgers have done in recent years unless they're made with lobster gibblets and lips instead of the normal pig innards.Your pal,Walter
5	A funky scene with great dogs and wide selection of craft beers. The onion rings have a nice crispy breading. Will definitely be back.
4	I was excited when I finally had a chance to eat here. Love hot dogs. I have the Maui Gold. Grilled hot dog topped with pineapple salsa. The salsa was good. A nice crunch to it from the pineapple. However because of the sauce of the salsa. It made my bun very soggy. It fall apart when I took my first bite. But I still like it tho. And the 2nd thing I'm totally in love with is their string onion rings. It's not big, and have a nice crunch to it. You can tell by how much I like crunchy foods. Customer service was great. They check on us twice. First by one of the staff then by the manager. I will definitely come here again. Except put the salsa on the side since I really do HATE soggy buns.
5	The vibe of this place is really cool. Everything from the decorations, interior design, lighting, etc has a cool feel to it. The people who work here are really nice and make you feel at home. I also like the layout, with the upstairs patio outside and long bar table inside. Frankly (har-har), I'm not a huge hot dog fan but I enjoy the food here anyway. The onion rings didn't blow me away but I liked the hot chips a lot. Hope this place sticks, I'll definitely be coming here often!
4	Where JJ's picks up in a long line of previous businesses on East blvd, leaves only a harkening of what is to come. I can't say that I've made it to a restaurant that offers so many aesthetic considerations, a diverse menu of all-things-on-a-bun, and continues to show up with originality. There are many things I love about this joint. Here's a few:Novelty. The presentation of something simple like a hot dog can't get overly complicated and sometimes you really want a restaurant to just stick to their guns. JJ's takes a small step in an adventurous direction with hotdogs, sausages, and other wiener-esque concoctions, but not in a distasteful way. Love the true, blue homage to the Chicago-style dog, NC chili dog, and the coney. All are always solid choices. Pickle bar. I'm a huge fan of anything pickled (maybe not pig's feet or eggs) and love that they house a menagerie of veggies. I highly recommend the "quick pickles." Very subtle with just a hint of clove. Marvelous. Martin's Rolls. Sure. These guys could slave away and bake fresh rolls every single day, but Martin's makes a mean roll. The perfect vehicle for a smokey dog. Sahlens. Hands down one of the best tasting dogs I've had. Chalked up there next to Hebrew National and a few other homemade varietals. Milkshakes. Goodness gracious. I don't even need to explain this. Just try one. Orangeade. Fresh squeezed oranges and some soda water, a little fresh basil/mint. Based on a old 40's style beverage. Huge in the Carolinas. Definitely worth a shot if you're feeling it. A few places for improvement will always arise with a newbie in town. Here's a few:Sides. I've heard many grumblings of "Why aren't there fries?" I'm not a huge fan of fries with a dog, but could be a well-considered venture. Staff. Sometimes the staff at the registers can a be a little nonchalant with customers. I think a little explanation of menu items, specials, or recommendations could go a long way. I'm stoked that JJ's has made it's way onto East blvd. Can't wait to see that walk-up window open on the outside! Looks so rad!
3	They put bacon on a hot dog. That fact alone was enough to make my dinner special. Those are two of my favorite fatkid things AND they were on the same bun.  It was like that 2chainz song, but actually good.All the beer is selected to compliment the hot dogs, I had a NODA something or other,  recommended by the cashier. He was right, it was a good move.I'll likely be back.
2	Pretty disappointing...My friends know my obsession with hot dogs, some may say its unhealthy and sometimes really weird but hey I just LOVE them!! I came in here a month or so ago and we received burnt dogs that all you could taste was that-i had the Coney Dog and it was not good. We got the Onion rings and they were VERY greasy. Most likely will not be back sorry JJ's I wanted to LOVE you!!
2	I think my experience was like a lot of others on here.  I was really looking forward to trying JJ's, but was underwhelmed after the meal.The decor is great and it's a cool spot.  I stopped in after watching my Noles get a win on a Saturday night and the place was dead at 10pm.  I guess a hot dog place is more of a lunch destination, but I thought there might be some other drunken college football fans looking for some food to soak up all the booze from the afternoon.  I kind of got the suspicion it was dead for a reason.....We tried an assortment of hot dogs, the onion rings, and the nachos.  The nachos were on special for $2 and they were definitely the highlight of the meal!  I was expecting tortilla chips, but they came with crunchy kettle chips topped by beans, cheese, and salsa.  The kettle chips added a nice crunch and stayed crispy even though they were topped with salsa.  The hot dogs were 'Meh'.  First of all, they came with buns that were right out of the bag.  They weren't toasted or steamed or even MICROWAVED.  The hot dogs were also charred black.  I like my dogs crispy, but not completely charred.  Do you need to specify that?  I did order a 'Charheel', but damn.  Maybe they should rename the place 'JJ's Black Hots'.  The hot dogs themselves aren't even that great.  I like all beef dogs like Nathan's, but these tasted like the cheap 'grocery store' brand.  You know what I'm talking about.  The onion rings weren't good either.  They were served cold, but I had already eaten half of the small basket before I thought to say anything.  Remember, I was there after a long day of beer drinking.There could be some potential here, but I will be going for the more expensive sausages if I make it back.  The hot dogs just weren't that great in my opinion.
2	Hubby wanted to try this place for a while.  We went there during lunch time on a Wed..not very busy..uh-oh.  The menu looks really good.  Everything sounds enticing.   Hubby likes bratwurst.  We ordered a bratwurst and a Chicago style.  Opps - they are out of bratwurst - I thought the menu said housemade (how can you be out of them).  so hubby got something else - let's just say that if it's not a hot dog - it's going to be more than $6 and that is just plain expensive for something on a bun with kraut and mustard. My Chicago style dog was burnt, which seems to be common place based on other reviews.  I didn't mind but it was just ok.  I did like the toppings on the Chicago style.  The homemade chips are good. I think IF we come back, we will stick to the hot dogs and ask them not to burn them.Update: was contacted by the manager and he offered a free bratwurst when we come back.  I'll give an update when we get to do that.
4	People that love Hot Dogs love this place.  I had their brat dog and it was one of the best I have had in a long time!Try It
4	First off, let it be known that I am a former Western New Yorker and a Buffalonian and apparently the owner of JJ's is too, so points already in my book. Next, they served Sahlen's hot dogs which are the best hot dogs and taste amazing. Now, while I was hoping this would be a very close replica to what is Ted's in WNY, it is not and I am pleased with the differences. It is very clean and spacious on the inside with a very neat decor if you will.  They take pride in the little details, especially presentation. They have a variety of dog styles on the menu ranging from Buffalo to Chicago to NC and everything is freshly made. They have different beer and food specials throughout the week and I look forward to going back to try another style dog until I get the menu covered, I love hot dogs. I was disappointed that they didn't serve fries ( I was really craving some cheese fries) and tried the chips instead. I am not a chip fan to begin with, and these didn't change my mind. However, the onion rings were very good and nicely done. The staff could be a little more enthusiastic considering there was quite a bit of hype around the opening of this restaurant and make more of an effort to engage with the customer and educate them on the menu.
4	What a nice hot dog joint! JJ's had a Groupon and I just couldn't resist the temptation of a good deal and a new place to try. I'm on my veggie kick and while they do not have veggie dogs on their regular menu, they offered a portabello sausage on the day I was there. Tempting as it was, I choose their chopped salad with salmon sausage on top. Even though salmon sausage sounds kind of funny, it made for a flavorful dish! I was really impressed at the size and quality of their salad. I also got a milkshake...it was more on the milky side than thick side. The staff are really friendly and completely clean conscious. There was always someone cleaning, sweeping, or tidying up. The interior is fantastic and fun with excellent lighting. They offer a tremendous special on Fridays for an "all-you-can-eat" hot dog bar. Wow, go dogs!I'm a fan and hope you are too!
4	I won't dive too deep into the aesthetics of the place since others have covered it well, but suffice it to say the place looks great and the patio upstairs is a nice place to enjoy some tube-steak...As for the edibles, they're serving Sahlen's hotdogs from NY, which are solid.  They're not huge, but they're quality so that's what counts.  (They do serve the same brand next door at Lebowski's) They have the obligatory selection of pre-designed topping dogs, and sausages, as well as some other munchies like chips and salads, but we didn't try any of those.  You can also build your own dogs too if you want.  They also have an all you can eat hot dog buffet sometimes, and it was only $5 so if you can hit that up, it's a crazy deal. I think I had 6 the last time we went, so you can get your money's worth!  All in all, a cool vibe, if a little pricey, but I think it's worth it.
4	4.5 Tube Steak Boogie Merguez, Andouille, Linguica, Bratwust, creative hotdogs, good beer, good winecool design, local business I think this place Rocks, and will support it every chance I get. Granted this was my first trip ... but I don't get the bad reviews ??
4	back for seconds a few days later.... love the food and designbut wish they would lose the styro foam... not an eco-nazi....just don't like it !
4	Hot dogs, hot dogs everywhere and also have a drink!JJ's is a great spot, home to a wide variety of signature dogs, from the Sonoran, with its delicious borracho beans, to the Chicago-style Joliet Jake, to my favorite little slice of hot dog hominess, the Dirty Jerz. Your dog will always have a crisp skin and taste like actual meat, just as it should be. Even next to the delicious hot dogs the sides do not disappoint. Try the sweet potato chips. You'll be hooked. I promise. The house made chips are excellent too and if your dog choice was not so south of the border, don't worry you can get a side of those tasty beans as well.  Top it all off with some selections from their pickle bar.Now you can have a soda to go with your meal, but you can also have one of the craft beers they have, both on tap and in cans. They always have the local breweries well represented and $3 brew night sweetens the deal even more. If you aren't really in the beer know, the counter staff aren't usually very well versed, but even if you take a wild guess they have enough quality choices that you should be pleased.
4	Wonderful place...great decor and most importantly...delicious food!Walked in Saturday afternoon, not really knowing what to expect but was pleasantly surprised with the cool, funky decor and menu board. And it didn't hurt that my check in got me some free onion rings...whooo hooooo!I decided to be my own chef and keep it simple with the Handcrafted dog- I chose deli mustard, onions and sauerkraut. I didn't have to wait long and my delicious meal was HOT and ready, the bun was fresh and soft and didn't overwhelm the dog, the ratio of bun to dog was perfect. My dog was cooked perfectly, but I like a bit of char and crunch! The toppings were delicious. Again, not too much to overwhelm, it was just perfect!I actually enjoyed the onion rings! They were huge, the breading was delicious and crunchy... and super delicious with ketchup.Overall I was very pleased with my visit, and look forward to going back...I hear there is a dog wrapped in bacon that had my name ALL over it!!
4	Best dogs I have had at a restaurant in Charlotte. The big deal is they toast the buns so they are not all doughy. The onion rings are thin and the right level of greasy. Service was friendly. Will return again.
5	I finally made it to JJ's after hearing some good things about it.  From the time I went in I was impressed with the layout and decor of the place.  You can tell the ownership spared no expense in creating a warm and inviting atmosphere.I went with the Chili Cheese Coney and a side of Onion rings.  The dog was perfectly cooked and the toppings were a complete compliment to the taste of the meat.  The onion rings were light and airy and tasty as well.There was also a great selection of craft beers and drinks.  This place is definitely a winner and I'll be going back.
4	I've suddenly developed an irrational fondness for hot dogs, and JJ's Red Hots has become my Sistene Chapel for hot dogs. And not just your typical boiled or grilled hot dogs, but hot dogs all dressed up and ready for the big dance. In this regard, JJ's doesn't disappoint. I opt for the Chili Cheese Coney - chili, cheddar cheese, and onions - and the Whistle Pig - bacon, cheddar, onions, mustard. All this with a grilled Sahlen's frank, and you can't go wrong. I can't go wrong. If you don't want one of their signature dogs, no problem, you can build your own. Any topping, go for it!Great atmosphere, too, tastefully and eclectically decorated. Not only do I enjoy the dogs, I enjoy eating here.There are plenty of good places to get a hot dog in the QC, but JJ's just might be the best, or at the very least, the most original.
4	I checked this place out for the Noda Cask Event.  I enjoyed the atmosphere and the tasty hotdog, the onion rings were too stringy for my taste.
3	Such a cute restaurant and really good service; however, I don't think the hot dogs are worth 4 bucks a pop. My hotdog was burnt, a little on the cold side and not very flavorful. That being said, I would go again because it's nice place for groups.
3	Went there for lunch today and it was pretty good.  I'm from Buffalo, NY, so I am biased towards Ted's.  JJ's is no Ted's, it a cool concept-trying to make hot dogs trendy...but it's a little hard to swallow paying 5.99 for a hot dog.  When did hot dogs decide to become hipster?  Call me old fashion, but I'm good with ketchup and mustard, hold the relish...
1	Will never go back.  I was with party of 5.  One order was completely missed and the other one was completely wrong.  My "cucumber & tomato salad" consisted of a large clump of iceberg lettuce cut into 4 pieces, partially brown & wilted.  There was 1/2 tomato at best and maybe 4 slices of cucumber.  Not only were a few orders wrong, but it took a long time to get our uncomplicated order to our table on a VERY slow, early evening.
4	For some reason I am always hesitant to go to JJ's, because "it's just hot dogs", but every time I go, I never regret it.I have gotten a few different hot dogs, but the Chicago is my favorite.  It just has a ton of 'stuff' on it, so lots of good things are happening with each bite.  For a side, I highly recommend their chips, which are seasoned, crispy, and served with a nice side of ranch dressing for dipping.The atmosphere/seating is really nice as well.  You can sit in a booth or at high tables.  The tables are also huge and have great views of the televisions.  JJ's would probably be a good place to enjoy some hot dogs and watch some baseball games...or any other sport.I also loved the amount and variety of condiments/pickled vegetables.  Nice compliment to the meal.Overall, the food, service, and atmosphere are quality, and it is relatively inexpensive.  I will definitely make some more visits back here.
5	Ok. After trying several rounds of the "Dog of the Week," I'll sell my soul for another one of them. The varieties that came out of the minds of local beer aficionados like Chris from Good Bottle, Jason from Salud, and dudes from OMB, Birdsong, or Daniel from CharlotteBeer, I'm hooked. It's what I look forward to the most upon each visit. Recently, I checked out the dog with peanut butter, sriracha, and bacon. Ummm....yeah. I almost lost my mind it was so good. Anything that even slightly breathes that side of Thai/Vietnamese flavor. Also, summertime calls for a nice, tall orangeade. The Arnold Palmer variety is rather refreshing, too. Not too sweet and ever-so perky. Winner, winner!
5	Kicks major ass! Will eat here often.
5	A contender in any hot dog competition is JJ's Red Hots. For some reason my girlfriend has me craving hot dogs on a regular basis now and I have to say I have found the Charlotte, NC Madison Square Garden when it comes to dogs. Today I indulged in The Whistle Pig, all I can say is the 23 minutes and 19 seconds riding in the car to get here was well worth the 3 minutes it took me to eat the dog (I devour food). The dog is bigger than some sandwiches I have seen. It had the "snap" every dog should have on the first bite and it was also soooo flavorful. I mean I can actually taste the hot dog with all the toppings I had. The ambiance of JJ's Red Hots is awesome. The dining room is nice and open with tons of natural light. Its very inviting. Even though I was unable to make it to the roof it looked spectacular and comfortable.  I will most definitely be back to have a beer and a dog chillin' on top of the roof. If your in Charlotte you must stop by JJ's Red Hots
4	No more free onion rings with check in... :(  I finally made my way to JJ's after being introduced to them at a Yelp event a few months back... I decided to take the boyfriend some lunch and figured we'd try something new... I love everything about Chicago except the cold winters and the Bears, so I got the Joliet Jake or Chicago Style dog... It was awesome... The boyfriend is a little less adventurous, so I ordered him a Coney with no onions... The dogs were both grilled to perfection... The toppings on my dog were perfect... Not too little, but not too much, either... The boyfriend enjoyed his dog as well... He doesn't enjoy the burnt hot dogs like I do, so he was very happy with the way his was cooked...  I ordered the fries for him in a medium because I wasn't sure if he'd like them and apparently I under-ordered... lol  I understood once I had them, though... Nice and crispy with no limpness from grease... My onion rings were great... Sometimes I like a nice, light batter with thin slices of onion... This batter has just the right amount of spice as well... I loved the to-go containers... You know how most places just give you a hot dog wrapped in aluminum foil and you end up with a soggy bun from the condiments? None of that here!  It's an actual container that gives the toppings enough room to stay on top of the dog without falling all over the sides... They were efficient, friendly and very helpful...  Fabulous time... Highly recommended!
4	JJ's is definitely in the hot dog kingdom! I am use to the all beef Nathan or Sabrett NY hot dogs but I can always chow on a good Chicago dog too! I love that JJ's pickles their condiments and there is always a variety of pickled condiments to choose from. Their fresh seasoned onion rings are to good to miss! They do a check in special where you can receive a free order of onion rings!  Be sure to check them out. Dogs and sausages are nicely char grilled. Buns always toasty. Great atmosphere.
2	If you're in the mood for a hot dog or sausage sandwich, you'll like JJ's. But, if you go there hoping for something more, prepare to be disappointed. Their chili is good on a dog, but not great on its own. Balsamic salad dressing was very blah. Both the Italian sausage and Andouille sandwiches are good. Their onion rings are the skinny shoestring kind.
3	I wasnt impressed with the buns, really dry definitely not homeade. Actual dog was great, loved the house relish. But what stole my heart was the french fries...omg they were that crusty texture with just enough softness inside to cant stop eating them. Go for the combos!
1	I expected greatness from this restaurant with their outstanding reviews. however when a group of friends and I went here for a friday afternoon lunch we were served black and crispy hot dogs. I lo a good chargrilled dog but these were so burnt that we all just left and ate at one of the many better places close by. If you're looking for the taste of black char and some cancer causing carcinogens- look no further- JJ's burnt dogs is the place for you.
4	I ordered a bratwurst and a standard hot dog. The brat was different than what I'm used to (contained veal) but the hot dog was delicious. I was told that they have all-you-can-eat dogs on Thursday nights after a certain time. Good eating at JJ's.
5	So 5 stars is "WooHoo!  As good as it gets!" and I take that very seriously... so for those that are saying how can a hot dog joint be 5 stars... it's 5 stars for a hot dog joint!!!  For those of us who appreciate a really great dog in a simple yet cool space this IS as good as it gets!!!  I have enjoyed the Char Heel which is a classic souther style dog and the Joiet Jake which is their Chicago Dog... AWESOME!!!  The onion rings are not too greasy, the buns are not soggy and the hot dogs themselves are perfectly prepared and tasty.  The beer list is good enough and the prices are overall a heck of a deal.So if you dont eat hot dogs, I feel bad for you but I will probably see you at Yoga and will smile with a touch of sadness.  If you DO enjoy great hot dogs, then beat feet here ASAP!!!  Eat up!
3	A good hot dog? yes.  Five stars good? No way.  I have driven by plenty of times and thought about stopping but I have to be in a certain mood to have hot dogs, so when my daughter wanted to take me out for Father's day, I decided it was time to check out JJ's.We arrived at 11:30 and I was surprised to find that we were the only people in the place. Usually not a good sign, but I had read so many glowing reviews we assumed that the rush would catch up with us later.There was plenty of help behind the counter and they were eager to take our order. I had the Char dog with mustard, chili and slaw, my daughter had the Fryder man which had cheese, chili and french fries on the dog. We both had fries and we got an order of onion rings to share. I'll list the highs and lows:Service was very good and the gang behind the counter was attentive but the kitchen was a little slow since we were the only ones there. Not too bad if you consider they make everything from scratch but keep it in mind if you plan to run in for a quick lunch and are on a schedule.The star of the show is their hot dogs and their wieners were very good.  Nice char, mildly seasoned and clean tasting.  Natural casing made for a nice bite.  They are so mild that the flavor of the wiener is lost with most of the toppings.  Chili was good and reminded me of my Mom's homemade recipe.  The buns taste like a potato bun and they are nicely toasted but nothing special.French fries are just OK.  could be frozen, i don't know. They are cooked well but nothing special.  Mine were a little greasy.  The onion rings were a big disappointment.  The first order was cold.  I mean like they had been in the refrigerator cold. They cooked us another order but by that time we were halfway through our dogs.  They were very greasy and not all that good anyway.We got a couple dogs to go and i like the to-go containers.  Kept them safe and sound all the way home.Bottom line is they make a good hot dog, everything else seems to suffer.  If I go back I will try the sausages, they had a pretty good selection.  If you are into crazy topping combinations and locally brewed beer on the roof, then this is probably your place.
5	This isn't your normal hot dog stand. They have the basics mastered! Whether you're looking for a basic dog, Chicago dog, Carolina dog, a Coney, or southwestern dog you'll find it here. What sets JJ's apart is they're not afraid to venture into uncharted hot dog territory. How about a Rueben dog covered in sauerkraut, Russian dressing, and a pickle spear. How about a pizza dog with marinara sauce, mozzarella cheese, pepperoni, and fresh basil. They also have great local beer selections on tap. It's laid back, fun, and exciting - everything a hot dog place should be.
4	I LOVE WIENERS!  I like'em charred and/or grilled, not boiled.  Not ever.  Once you forget a wiener on the stove in boiling water and are reminded by the exploding sound, you will never eat a boiled wiener again.  I spent my tween and early teen years with season tickets with the fam to a AAA baseball team in Virginia.  I lived on chili cheese foot-longs for 4 months out of the year.  You would think I would have gotten tired of the dog.  Alas.... my love for the wiener endures.  Enter JJ's Red Hots.  I have been wanting to go since they opened, but it's location is just a tad too far for me to make it for lunch during the work-week, and my laziness makes it too much of a hike on the weekends for just a hot dog.  What do you do when you go into the office on the Friday after a Thursday holiday and no one is in the office?  You take an executive lunch and drive around Dilworth looking for wieners and inappropriate items from Paper Skyscraper.  My order of a chili cheese coney (no onions) with fries arrived promptly and smoking hot.  Good char on the dog.  Cheese was melting over the chili.  The chili was fine, nothing that rocked my world, but good enough, maybe could have used a splash of hot sauce.  I did the unthinkable to hot dog purists and dumped ketchup on it, but that's how I roll.  The bun was soft and fresh and held all of the ingredients in place so I didn't end up with chili on my rack.  Coke products to drink, including real Cherry Coke (yum!).  The fries were fine, nothing special (I will try the chips next time for something different).   The total for my dog + fries + drink was $7.01.  Good price for lunch and reasonable for what I got. They have an interesting pickle bar.  I tried the quick pickles and they were delicious.  They also had ginger carrots, pickled onions, and .... other stuff (not sure, I wasn't in a pickle mood today).There was hardly anyone in the place at 11:30 (early for lunch), I am sure everyone was dogged out from yesterdays July 4th festivities.  It was easy to find (if you are heading away from South Blvd, it will be on your right).  Parking, in typical Dilworth fashion, was a bit of an angled mess, but it looks like it could handle a pretty steady lunch crowd without getting too crazy.  JJ's gets a 3 1/2, which I rounded up.  I will be back to try other variations, along with their sausages and *maybe* even a veJJie in honor of our Yelpin' veJJie, JJ.  Nothing that changed my life, but a great place if you are craving a wiener.Note:  A Ballantyne location is coming soon - I think I read towards the end of July 2013 after they get their permits and such in place.
2	My wife and I were very excited about trying this place as we had heard and read some pretty good reviews. I am from the south and I knew exactly what red hots are. My wife, from Michigan, was thinking they were just regular dogs.I had a red hot with sourkrought, chili, onions, and cheese. My wife had all but the krought.Neither of us were overly impressed. While they were good, they just didn't jump out at you. The chili was so-so (could use some spiciness), and the red hots were pretty lame. This is a great idea for a restaurant, but it really needs to be kicked up a bit. There was simply nothing that would draw me back. Sorry.
3	I've wanted to try JJ's for a while so my expectations were probably a little too high. It's so hard to find really good hot dogs and I thought this was finally the hot dog haven I've been looking for. They were ok, but I was a little underwhelmed. First, the hot dogs were barely warm, and the onion rings were just about room temp. To me fried food is nearly disgusting when it isn't piping hot. But on to the flavors. I really enjoyed the Char Heel, the hot dog had a nice crunch, and the chili was flavorful and savory. Not at all the cheap hot dog chili found in a 79 cent can. The Chicago dog was a little less enticing. I'm all for complex flavors, but with so many toppings they overpowered the hot dog. I felt like I was eating a meat flavored pickle and pepper in a hot dog bun instead of a hot dog with toppings. Finally, the onion rings were sweet and had just enough batter on them, but I've definitely had better.The prices are good; two hot dogs full of toppings with a side and a drink for $9. The interior is very clean and warm, a mashup of old school diner with a slight hipster vibe. I'd like to assume they were just having an off day, and the next time I visit they'll have the best hot dogs in Charlotte. For that hope, I'd come back.
5	I love hot dogs. There, I said it. I always feel like less of a foodie whenever I have one, but I don't care. Hot dogs, FTW. The hot dogs at JJ's are hot dogs unlike any I've ever had. The dog itself is whatever. It's a hot dog. But the toppings, and more importantly the combination of toppings is what takes these to the next level. Graham was traditional and boring with his dog. He had the Char-heel, which was a combination of slaw, chili, raw onions and mustard. I loathe all of those toppings, so I wouldn't touch it with a ten foot pole. But in his words it was "effing delicious". I had the dog of the week (the big cheesy), and oh baby... It was topped with bacon, jalepeno pimento cheese & pickled jalepeno. One word to describe it: epic. The pimento cheese was so good. It's not a combination I would have ever put together on my own, but it definitely worked! We both had our dogs with chili cheese fries (which were fantastic) and best of all, it was SO CHEAP! $15 for everything, including two sodas.
3	I had heard about this joint on the radio about new successful restaurants so when I was in the area I was excited to try it out. The dog of the day was "Shred, Hot, and Bleu". Right up my alley!  I asked about the dog size and the nice lass behind the counter said average size.  She was right and I was a little disappointed.  I figured one dog wasn't enough for a lunch, and at $3.99 I wasn't going to spend $8 on 2 hot dogs of average size (there was a 2 dog meal but it didn't seem like a value) I was certainly ready to be wrong!  I got the onion rings as part of the combo (which was a good deal). I was quite disappointed with the dog, flavor and bun. There was supposed to be a hot sauce component but I never tasted it (I saw a tiny bit of a reddish sauce). The slaw was good and the Bleu cheese was just the right strength.  The dog itself was small and not hot (temp), the bun was 2nd rate (maybe a bit too humid? It didn't taste fresh). Onion rings were hot and delicious.  Very light batter.  Little crumbly made it tougher to eat with a nice shirt on but worth the effort. If the dogs themselves were better (a lot larger and hot) and they get the balance of toppings right then they may have a $4 hot dog but as it is now, I would pay $2.00-$2.50 for one.So I came back about a year later and got a Sonoran w/rings (free rings thanks to Yelp coupon!).  The bun was much better this time, but the rings were greasy.  Dog itself (good beef taste) was really good (& messy!). Pickle bar was cool but no plates to put the stuff on!Verdict: still overpriced for hot dogs but good for a change of pace.
4	Love the place .... the dogs are small-ish but they are tasty and I love the atmosphere..... would've given them a 5 but I did the tour for the free shirt and they haven't gotten in the 2xl yet.... I stil have my punch card because they don't have the shirts....... JJ's FYI most folks doing the tour normally aren't going to be an XS....
5	My new favorite lunch spot. I get the 2 dog combo, and usually try the "Dog of the Week" I have yet to eat a hot dog that wasn't delicious from JJ's. Pair that with those delicious onion rings, and you have a winner...actually, it's about lunch time now, so I'm headed out to JJ's.
5	It is what it is: A hot dog joint. But they do it really well and with a cool atmosphere. People seem to expect too much out of it... the Hot dogs are great.
5	Sweet baby jesus, I finally did it. I found the Holy Grail of the HD world. I consider myself a hot dog connoisseur, and this place is the best in Charlotte. Between the crispiness of the outside, the juiciness of the inside, and that delicious bun...its heaven. Want your mind blown? Get the onion rings as a side and add them to your dog, total mouthgasm. Oh, and the pickle bar. Definitely hit up the pickle bar.
5	Favorite hot dog in Charlotte. If I hadn't lived in Chicago previously, I might say my favorite hot dog place ever. I love the atmosphere both inside and out, but you can't beat the rooftop deck. With this building's bad reputation for keeping tenants, I hope JJ's can make it for the long haul. I'm a big fan.
5	This place is right out of buffalo/Rochester it reminds me a lot of teds. They use sahlens dogs which there is no comparison to them in the south. The dogs a grilled over charcoal to perfection. They always have a good selection of beer as well. We will be coming here as long as they are around!!
3	Okay hotdog. Casual atmosphere. Individual dog prices are okay; "combo" price was a little high for what you get. Will try it again though.
2	I drove sixty miles today to sample JJ's Red Hots for the very first time.ORDER: The Double Dog combo, featuring a Char Heel ($3.49), and a Joliet Jake Chicago dog ($3.99). My side was their "soon to be famous," Onion rings. Coke. * * * * * LOVES * * * * *-- I loved the location, and the chill rooftop seating.-- I loved the restaurant's cool lay out, decor, and the high ceilings. -- I loved the pumping blues music that puts energy into the room.-- I loved the friendliness of the employees, and the fact that they know how to smile. -- I loved the cleanliness of the restaurant.-- I loved that the owner's/manager's are present and involved.* * * * *  LIKES * * * * *-- I liked the taste of the Char Heel. The charred wiener imparts a delicious campfire grilled taste to the hot dog. My first bite was delicious, after that - meh, not so much. -- I liked that the drink dispenser had Cherry Coke. -- I liked the multiple seating options: booths, tables, and raised bar seating. -- I liked that there was a fairly large parking lot. -- I liked that the bathroom was clean.-- I liked their pickle bar.-- I liked that they had Dale's Pale Ale and other quality beers available. It was overpriced, but it was available. * * * * * DISLIKES * * * * *-- I did not like the Joliet Jake Chicago hot dog. It was about what I expected - no thank you, Chicago can keep it. -- I did not care for the flimsy, barely warm, super greasy, sad excuse for onion rings. They remind me of the onion rings that are designed to be put atop a burger at places like Pinky's. I would not order them again. McKoy's Smokehouse and Sauceman's Barbecue have FAR superior onion rings. -- I cringed when I saw that my bill for two hot dogs, broken up, greasy, onion rings, and a soda - was over $10.00. A hot dog should never cost $3.49 each, much less $3.99 for the Chicago dog. -- I did not like the fifteen minute wait for my order, given that there were only three dudes in front of me, inside the otherwise empty restaurant.  -- I HATED that there was a sign in the parking lot that said that I was subject to having my car towed if I parked in the wrong place. Welcome to Charlotte!SUMMARY: An above average hot dog, selling for triple of average prices.
1	Food is good, but service is terrible. Waited 45 minutes and only half our food came. They forgot the rest.
4	Saw a picture of the dog of the week on Twitter. It was enough to make me leave my house and drive to JJ's immediately. Seriously, I didn't even take the time to change out of my pajamas.This week's dog: Pork and Greens. Sauteed collard greens, bacon, red onion and pumpkin mustard. Collard greens just make everything better. Go get this. Delicious.My other dog: The Char Heel. Chili, slaw, onions, mustard. You can never go wrong with this Carolina classic.The two dog deal comes with a side (I went with the beans. They were good, but I wish I had went with onion rings. Rookie mistake) and a drink for less than ten bucks.Workers were friendly. Didn't take long at all to get my food. I believe it took longer to try to bust a left turn out of the parking lot. Oh East Blvd, you win every time.This spot has been a revolving door of places for years. It's nice to see something stick here. Cheers to JJ's!
4	The price is right and the food is good! The inside is nicely decorated and well lit. They have 2 dollar hot dogs on Tuesdays. Lots of different choices in how to get your hotdog 'fixed'. I also love the pickle bar but I am a sucker for pickles. Ok selection of beer at decent prices. I'll be back!
4	I've seen many a place come and go in this location, but JJ Red Hots seems to be a good fit.  If you are a fan of hot dogs, this is the place to be since JJ's has a ton of specialized hot dogs for your enjoyment.  What also pretty awesome about JJ's is that you can order a beer with your hot dog!  They have bottles on the wall (rotating) as well as a good local draft selection.  Nothing beats a good dog and a brew!The vibe of the place is very cool with vintage posters and a light fixture made out of a drum set.  Everything is kept super clean and maintained by the friendly staff.The last dog I had here was pretty good: The Sonoran (Southwestern Style).  Its got Borracho Beans, Fire-grilled salsa, red onion, cilanto lime creme, and shreadded cheese.  It's as if you were craving some taco bell, classed it up, and on a hot dog instead.  Yum!  There is also the option of building your own dog - which I have not been brave enough to do yet.
4	I have a problem. I sometimes get a really bad craving for hot dogs. Up to now, I've been out of luck in Charlotte. I mean, there's the great Matt's Chicago Dogs but it's in Uptown and it's a hassle to park. So when the craving happened, I went to Yelp and it brought me to JJ's.Figuring I would start right at the top of the menu, I chose the "Number One" which comes with hot relish, onions, mustard and a pickle spear. It was a good choice. Nice amount of toppings and the bun was perfectly toasted. Don't get me wrong, I'm usually a "boiled" wiener rather than a "roasted" weiner kind of guy, but there's just something to be said about that charred flavor! (Next time, I'll read Ben's review and try peanut butter, sriracha, and bacon.)I also got a side of onion rings (thank you, Yelp check-in offer). Thin rings of onion coated with batter and fried. Not the thick ones I usually see. These actually tasted of onion. And fried batter. Unless you're planning a coronary, you might want to pick something a little healthier. Maybe the slaw?Soda fountain, tea urns (I mixed some unsweet into the very sweet tea) and some bottled drinks. And beers.Very small parking lot during the busier lunch hours, so you might be stuck parking on the street and walking a bit. But it's worth it.
5	JJ's is not a restaurant.  It's not a hot dog joint.  It's a culinary experience - designed to tickle your taste buds, and key into your other senses in pretty surprising ways.  Before even getting into the food, it's worth mentioning that everything about the restaurant is well-designed, and gorgeous.  The menus are creative and fun, interior decoration is clever and well-themed, and the layout of the restaurant is stellar -- especially if the weather is nice and you can sit on the rooftop deck!I LOVE the hot dogs at JJ's.  Truly.  I've had several different combinations of hot dog type and toppings, including some of their crazy dog-of-the-days (The Elvis, for example, had peanut butter, honey, and banana chips on it!).  They're well made, and delicious.  even when there's a line to order, food never takes long.I will admit that the one thing that's lacking for me is the sides - I've had the beans, fries, onion rings, and chips, and they're all relatively forgettable.  I usually stick to 2 dogs and a drink.  My favorite hot dog? Rocket sauce, bacon bits, and cole slaw.  Yum.Keep an eye on JJ's instagram account for specials and contests, too.
5	Woot Woot!
5	One of my favorite quick-eat spots in Charlotte. Best hotdogs in the QC. Atmosphere is great and the prices are extremely reasonable. Highly recommend it.
3	2nd time visiting the restaurant, I liked it a lot more this time. Got the Chili Cheese Coney. Could have used some more chili but hotdogs were over bun size.  Fries were good.  Good spot for lunch or for casual hangouts.
2	I wanted to love this place, I really did. Best thing I had was the cherry coke Hot dog meat was forgettable, chili was blamd, buns dry.Good quality cheese thou.Cool staff, clean place.
5	This place is awesome! Definitely sit outside if it's nice out...hard to beat the rooftop!
2	My friend and I have been very much anticipating a visit to JJ's. Sadly we were very disappointed. The staff was unfamiliar with the menu and it took over 10 minutes just to order. Our food arrived before our beers. I can honestly say I can make a better Chicago style dog at home. The seasoned chips were the best part of the meal and the manager looked like he had just crawled out from under a car in a garage. The only reason we will return would be for beer and chops on the rooftop during the summer.
4	Who can say no to their $2 Signature dogs on Tuesdays? Well of course those who don't eat pork for dietary or religious reasons, but they should reconsider.These hot dogs are delicious. I'm slowly working my way through the plethora of amazing options and then they go and make a weekly rotation of local brewery inspired hot dogs.They seem to constantly be thinking up new ways to dress up the traditional frank. Grilled to perfection and with a myriad of options.They also have great house chips and onion rings.I usually do take out but it is a great location to sit and grab a beer with your hot dogs and during these Spring evenings, they have the roof top patio.
4	Though there is now a fancy new JJ's (okay, not fancy by most people's reckoning, but fancy perhaps compared to the original), the East Boulevard location is still the best. I just wish it were closer. Of course, then I would be spending way too much time there, so it's probably for the best that it's just where it is.You can find a most excellent selection of dogs on the menu, but even after all these visits, my favorite is still the Char-Heel. Nothing quite like a charred dog. Though you can of course eat a boiled dog - and you can probably eat one without even boiling it, truth be known - there isn't one quite like a dog without a good char on it. And while most of JJ's dogs have a good char, the combination of ingredients on the Char-Heel just seem to come out the best.There are a decent selection of toppings on the others, but they don't hit the spot quite the same. While I like the sides, they almost always end up a little limp for my taste. A good example is that batch of onion rings (straws?). The first one or two is great. But after a few minutes, it turns into a sloppy mess, and it's really hard to get to the bottom, but throw just a couple on top of the Char-Heel and you're set.Another great thing about JJ's is that pickle bar. And also don't forget to use your Yelp app - you can typically get something for free (sometimes more than one thing), just for firing it up.
3	Love me a good Hot Dog, I don't think I got the full JJ's experience. I didn't even see half the dogs that were advertised at our table on the flip chart with photos. You can also only use one promotion when you come in  - I had an offer for BOGO hot dogs and onion rings and had to choose one - so I haven't got to have the rings yet....sad days!I'll be back again and will get the full experience and update this review!
2	I got the whistle pig dog and the Coney chili cheese dog, both terrible...to much onions, cheese was still cold not very filling.  I also got chili cheese chips which were nothing to brag about, it's basically chips with half melted cheese.  The place itself is not bad, weird music, sports on the tv was a plus but subtitles was annoying.  Service was prolly the best part of it, very friendly.
5	I couldn't love this place more.  My favorite thing to get is a hot dog with barbecue sauce, cheddar cheese & bacon.  The bacon is like something from a dream.  All of their food is delicious.  Everyone who works there is fantastic.  I wouldn't change one thing about this place. #schoolofrockcharlottelovesjjsredhots
5	JJ's had me at pickle bar.But then I had their hot dogs, and they're delicious! The dog of the week keeps me coming back [and may be one day I'll have my own ;)]. The service is great, the beer choices are good, and did I mention the pickle bar?!
5	Just a great place. Onion rings are awesome, hot dogs are perfect. They have great staff. You have to give this place a try.
5	The hot dogs here are awesome! They have a great variety of unique toppings and of course the basics for those who prefer to keep it simple. The prices are also reasonable with meal combos and deals on Tuesdays (and other days, I believe). Don't forget to sign up for the rewards program! The service here is a step above the rest - truly great! They were extremely nice and attentive and happy to answer any questions. We will be back- next time at night so that we can take advantage of their great beer selection!
4	If you're in the mood for a killer hot dog, look no further. JJ's has many unique dogs to choose from including the two that I tried: the Char Heel and the Dirty Jerz. The Char Heel has chili and cole slaw while the Dirty Jerz is topped with mustard and sauerkraut. Both were extremely good and I'd get them again if I went back. I also had the house chips, which were also good but nothing out of the ordinary.  The food comes out very quick.  There was a group of 5 of us that went and we all had our food within 10 minutes.  Definitely a good choice if you're in a hurry. I was expecting this place to also have killer sweet tea but that wasn't the case.  They also don't have lemonade, so those Arnold Palmer lovers are out of luck.
5	An amazing place! The hot dogs are out of this world, the design/decor is great and the service is fast. Pickle bar is fabulous but needs a dill option. Give it a try. Wish there was one in Atlanta. I like it so much I will make sure we stop in every time we are in Charlotte.
5	Great place, must visit!My husband and I frequent JJ's 2-3 times a month.  We love the service, the sweet tea and of course the hot dogs!  We can both order the single dog combo with a drink for less than $15- what a deal!  I usually order the Whistle Pig- house-cured bacon (very good!) and lots of shredded cheddar cheese. Yum!  The pototo rolls that the dogs are served on are very soft and are served warm.  Try the Weiner the Pooh dog- peanut butter, honey and bacon.  Trust me, its good!  The sweet tea is awesome but give the OrangeAde a shot, very refreshing!
5	This place by far has the BEST Hot Dogs in Charlotte!
5	My husband and I went to JJ's yesterday expecting an average dog - not knowing what we were getting into. We walked in and were surprised to see an extensive menu of creative hot dogs, brats and sausages (even veggie options) that could make your mouth water! The prices were right - two dollars for the dog of the day and 3-4 dollars for other menu hot dogs. I got the Sonoran which had beans, salsa and a cilantro lime cream. It was so delicious I ordered another! My husband had the mac daddy (mac and cheese on your dog!) We both walked away satisfied and FULL! - But wanting more :)
5	Having been to Buffalo, NY many times in college, I loved getting my Red Hot fix.  I cannot explain it, they're just better than regular hot dogs.So, while in Charlotte, I figured I had to hit up some Red Hot dogs.  This place did NOT disappoint.  Lots of great combination Red Hots and Sausage options.  Try everything. We each got something different, and I was impressed with every combo I saw.  Onion rings are great too. Service is friendly.  Place is clean.  I will be back when I'm in Charlotte next time.
5	This place is amazing. I recently tried another hot dog place here and it is nothing compared to JJ's.  Kid friendly with a lot to choose from.  I will have to come many more times to enjoy it all.They have a "hall of fame" menu that is on the table, so check that out before you order. They have a text club and when you join you get a free dog! Also free rings with a yelp check in...wow! I can't wait to return for more.  And make sure you stop @ King of Pops on your way out for a frozen treat.
3	I feel bad reading all these great reviews and not loving this place myself?!? It's mediocre at best. The actual hot dog tastes like bologna to me, but they do cook it so that it has a nice crisp. The chili tasted like a can, but I swore they said it was homemade? They use great buns and we did enjoy the onion rings. I didn't hate it, but hot dogs are so easy to make at home that I wouldn't bother coming here again. Maybe if I'm in the neighborhood again, I'll give them one more try! The restaurant itself was clean and interesting to look at!
4	When you think hot dogs, what comes to mind? Those nasty things rolling around in a gas station? Burnt sticks served at every cookout you go to? Rubbery, tasteless non-descript meat? Well, let JJ's change how you think of hot dogs. They use quality encased meats (hot dogs & sausages from Sahlen's in NY) and top them with well thought out combinations of ingredients, ranging from ordinary to extraordinary! You can get a plain jane hot dog, a Chicago dawg, or many other signature creations. Don't like what they have... fine... make your own! They also offer sausages, chicken options, and vegetarian options. Service is great and they always have some sort of special going. I'm just waiting for them to add sweet potato fries or tots... Don't miss out on this spot!
2	I fell through for International Hot Dog Day and had the house special: a beef dog with jalapenos, beans, cheese, bacon and mustard. I sampled the pickled bar, and got over-excited to see a sign that read pickled okra, but the container turned up empty. In JJ's defense, it was during lunch rush, and the pickled cauliflower (kind of) made up for it.Overall, the meal was just OK. My dog was all bark--it looked good, but I like the kind of sausage that "snaps back" when you bite into it. If you can't have the casing, though, at least have the burn. The dog was too pale for my taste. My hubby liked the bun, but I found it rather heavy and bland for a potato roll. My side was the borracho beans, which boast a little beer and a sprinkling of shredded cheese. But even with a douse of Tabasco AND Texas Pete, the flavors didn't pop. It's a nice try, but for gourmet dogs the king is still Miami's Dogma, at least in the southeast.Shout-out to JJ's Dog of the Week, the Creative Loafing-inspired dog Fear and Loafing. You can't go wrong with bacon, crushed pineapple, Sriracha, no matter what.
3	This is my second shot at a JJ's, having had the Ballantyne experience where the owner came back disappointed in my review and that I didn't get it, the experience that is.So...son and I went to Dilworth for lunch.  This time I ordered the bratwurst and the Italian, like before and ordered a naked dog so I could really taste the basic product.  Also, onion rings.Onion rings were good and portion plentiful.  And compared to previous JJ's experience were oily, but not saturated, were not a clump of rings stuck together, but were loose enough to eat separately.  Flavor was excellent and they were hot, not just warm.  Apparently Dilworth cooks to order without them sitting around.My quality and taste standard is the Nathan's Beef Frank.  It is flavorful, savory, has a snap to the casing, and is a great dog.  Now I get it, that we all have different tastes.  My loves are your hates and vice verse.  JJ's is a good dog.  It came lightly charred, which is far better than one taken from water or microwave, was flavorful, but not savory and was fatter and longer than the Nathan's.  It WAS a good dog.  If I were rating Nathan's as an A, JJ's would be a solid B or B+.  Respectable.For some reason the brat seemed different from the one in Ballantyne.  But it was A-OK, like this review.  Maybe my taste buds were off.  And the Italian was not only good, but dressed with the peppers & onions it also came with a really good mustard.  Excellent.As to the service, the cashier  here spoke, answered questions and had, well, personality.  I will make another trip to Ballantyne to look at their menu board because in Dilworth the menus had lots of description.  In fact, there were four people standing inline and I asked if they were ordering and they said that they were reading the menu so we joined them.  Once at the cashier we had our questions set and completed our orders quickly.So as a guy who eats about 4 hot dogs annually, JJ's is A-OK.  Am amazed at the 5-star ratings and rave reviews, but accept that hot dogs are not a big deal in my life, eating such confined to airports that have Nathan's and the occasional dog with grandchildren.  If you do want hot dogs, JJ's is THE place to go.  If you don't want the doctored dogs, just order a naked and put your standard condiments provided.I most likely will up my rating for the Ballantyne location after I re-visit.  JJ's is a great place for kids who like dogs and both locations carry out what they do pretty well.Did I get it?
1	I went to the East Blvd location and the hotdog was very hard and burned and the onion rings were limp and swimming in grease in the basket. These people don't know how to cook and I will NEVER return.  The staff was not at all friendly.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE! We go there all the time. Everything on the menu is good. Never a disappointment. I have tried both locations in Charlotte and will continue to go. Great service and great options. Onions rings are amazing.
5	This palce is really good, They have a big menu and everything is great. If You like hot dogs this is the place for You
5	Their hot dogs are fantastic and served on delicious potato rolls.  They have a standard menu with lots of really great dogs pre-topped but do tons of specials too. Be sure to grab a card for a tee once you try them all!
4	Solid 4 stars. If you're into hot dogs with many unique toppings, this is your place. I'm more of a Vienna Beef boiled dog kind of guy but it's tough to find a good hot dog joint in Charlotte. I've been a few times and it's been consistently good every time. First time I was there, owner came out to talk to me. Very friendly and you could tell he cared about his product. Will definitely be back.
4	An epic lunch spot hidden in Dilworth! My boyfriend and I love going when we want a treat. They really have epic food and service. They make all of their sausages in-house and you can taste the difference. A great atmosphere and place to grab a quick bite to eat.
4	Hot Dogs are their own food group - seriously. I love JJ's! Great lunch spot. Plus the King of Pops guy is normally outside. It's like your favorite couple. I could probably eat the whole menu in a full days time if I put my mind to it. Sometimes I come fairly close. JJ's Hotdogs - Thank you. Thank you for being in the town I live in *virtual yelp hug*
5	I started to give it 4-stars, then had to add an extra star because they always have an awesome beer deal!  JJ's has become a regular in our lunch rotation.  Before I even get to the hot dogs, once of the best (and unique) features is the pickle bar.  Pickled okra, peppers, carrots are a great way to start the meal.The hot dogs are not your regular, basic hot dogs.  They are cooked perfectly and very flavorful.  As well, the buns are on point and a bad bun can screw up any hot dog.  Overall, a great spot to have quick bite to eat.
5	***This review is for Sausage Fest 2014***Had a GREAT time!! All you can eat sausage and BEER!! Had Elk, Italian, Oriental(w/shrimp!) , Lamb and Turkey sausage.Tasty sauces/condiments to go with each..All very good, my top 2 favorites were the Oriental and Italian..Also had a pepper jack Brat w/ coleslaw..One of the highlights which did run out was a chowder..WOW!! Could have eaten a gallon of that!! Good bands also..Had awesome beers from NODA,  Triple C, Wicked Weed and a few others.  Very friendly staff!!  Good vibes all around.Will go back to the restaurant proper in the future and hope there is a Fest in 2015!!
5	I have seriously never been very adventurous with hot dogs. Honestly a bum and ketchup is all I need. I don't even like mustard. Booo I know I'm boring. However I was pleasantly surprised to have the pleasure of trying JJ's Red Hots at a yelp event. For someone who normally does not like mustard, both dogs that were offered had mustard on them. Oh man and did I scarf them down like no tomorrow. Today I had the pleasure of having anything on the menu on them as a thank you to veterans. The quarter hounder, and was it delicious! Bacon, queso, lettuce, tomato. With a drink and side of fresh house made chips served with ranch. I ate every bite! So far it's my third dog there, and I plan on trying all of them. The signature is awesome. Mustard, relish, onions and a dill pickle spear. And I will say this is not how I would normally want my hot dogs. I've also had the whistle pig with bacon, onions, mustard, and shredded cheese. To all hot dog fans you must try this place. They are all also very nice here and it's almost like your at home. Thanks for the meal JJ's! I will be back.
4	Paul's YER (Yelp Elite Rating):First time here. It's always so friggin' busy that I couldn't ever find a place to park. So i came on a Saturday afternoon at 230pm. Odd time. Not busy. My strategy worked!Got the double dog combo: Joliet Jake Chicago Dog (had to see how close it is to a real Chicago dog) and a Quarter Hounder. After biting into the Chicago dog I quickly realized that this is most definitely NOT a "Chicago dog." This is a BUFFALO DOG (Saleen grilled dog) with Chicago style toppings. But was it good? YES! Authentic? Not at all.The Quarter Hounder....hum. Well it was suppossed to basically be a Bacon Dog. Well it had bacon but the bacon was chewy and not crisp at all. Flavor was good but that bacon just can't be soggy and chewy guys!The onion rings were recommended and they were of the very thin variety but very flavorful. Not as crisp as I'd like but the taste was there.Now the staff was EXCELLENT! Rastafarian dude at the front counter was AWESOME! Super friendly and cool. Everyone served you with a smile. Place is "Diner Chic" and cool inside.I will be back to try their sausages and other dogs. Just recognize that their Dogs are BUFFALO STYLE which means GRILLED Saleens. Very good indeed but don't expect steamed or boiled dogs.Overall I'd recommend JJ's.
4	This place was bookmarked on my Yelp for a long time before we finally made the time to stop by. Man, I am so glad we did! We came on a Saturday about noon and there wasn't really a crowd so luckily we didn't really have to wait in line. I got a veggie dog combo with fries. One dog I got with rocket sauce and slaw and one with the cilantro lime crema and grilled onions and peppers. Both were amazing but the crema with onions and peppers was my favorite! My husband also got a veggie dog combo with fries. We were so shocked with how they looked and tasted that we went back in to make sure they were veggie, they were! We couldn't hardly believe it! We also got a free onion ring with our order because we used the yelp deal! The onion rings were ok but nothing I would probably order again, they were very greasy and the breading didn't stay on super well. They had a good beer selection and we were able to get drafts for $2 each! Luckily on the day we went the weather was nice and we sat up on the deck to enjoy our food. We can't wait to go back! Also, make sure if you live in Charlotte or frequent it often that you get a rewards card. If you get 50 points then you get $5 off anything, 1 point = $1... in two trips you could easily get enough points!
