5	Yes, HK Star gets 5-stars from me.  It's good and as authentic as it gets!  It's so good, I shall mark this occasion of it's opening with a poem:Twinkle, twinkle, H-K starYour Chinese food is the best in Vegas, by far Hidden in a plaza, people don't know and pass byPray reader, next time stop, find it ,and give it a try!A recommendation -- the lunch specials are cheap and good.  Yes I said it!
5	This place is flippin fantastic!!  A new restaurant from a bunch of ex-KJ Kitchen employees.  The menu is quite similar but the atmosphere and service are certainly a step up.  They don't have their liquor license yet so people were coming in w/ bottles of wine and 18 packs of beer!We went with the ginger lobster, crab and fish maw soup, sauteed green beans, jellyfish and squid in XO sauce and they gave us a cold chicken dish on the house.  Every dish was insanely good w/ the lobster blowing everyone away at the table.  I think this might be my new favorite Chinese restaurant in town!!!
4	I went there for lunch with my wife and kids.They have good variety of selections for their lunch special. There are 97 lunch special dishes and the prices range from $4.95 to $6.95.We order beef chow fun with vegetable and gravy, pork chop with salt and pepper,  salty fish with minced chicken tofu  clay pot, and red bean drink. Both the chow fun and pork chop were wonderful. The pork chop was awesome, nice and crispy outside and very tender inside. My kids are not much of meat eaters but they both love it.The salty fish with minced chicken tofu clay pot is one of my favorite Chinese dishes, but the one at HK star was terrible. I have to say it was below average, I had better at many other Chinese restaurants. My kids both love tofu but after a bite of the tofu, they refused to have another bite.  The red bean drink wasn't that much better neither. Definitely don't try the salty fish tofu clay pot  and the red bean drink.Even though we had couple items that were less than satisfied, but the other two were so good that we definitely will come back and try other dishes.
5	if you like KJ's Kitchen , you'll love HK - they both have the $8.88 lobster special - nice, all the food, fresh, large portions and what makes this place better then KJ's - THE SERVICE !  We also tried a hot pot dish - beef with eggplant, a shrimp dish with ginger and  snap peas, bok choy with garlic, they comp'd a nice plate of duck with boiled peanuts and a chicken / potato soup - the broth was very flavorful.  So now i've got china mama and HK in the same parking lot, yunnan and ting dong spring in another  location, side - by - side; i don't give a rats ass what the so cal and no cal people say - the chinese restaurants ( and for that matter the pho/banh mi , japanese, etc ) are on par with what cali has to offer - just one white man's opinion !
2	I saw some great-looking hot pots and stir fry dishes being served in this place.  Unfortunately, my system of asking the waiter what his/her favorite dish is finally broke down and I got the worst dish I've had in a Chinese restaurant in a long time.  DO NOT order the "Chiu Chow Style Duck" or anything with a similar name.  It's a fatty, chewy, rubbery plate of blunty chopped duck and fragmented bone that tastes like it was tortured to death for hours, surrounded by peanuts that have been boiled to absolute mush, soaked in salty soy-based sauce.   Please, please don't order this dish.  The salt and pepper squid was okay, slightly above average even.  Just don't eat the duck!  Sometime I'm going to go back and eat something else, and hopefully I'll be able to leave a better review.
5	Personally I like this place just a little better than KJ's Kitchen, the portions are bigger, about the same price, and the dishes taste pretty good from the opinion of an Asian man.  Lunch is pretty cheap ($6~$9) for the portions they are serving you. The lunch specials have a large variety, they even have boba if you're interested in that. I can see some serious competition between the current most popular Chinese restaurant and HK Star.
5	This restaurant is on the top of my list for authentic Cantonese cuisine. The lobster is to die for at $8.88/lb...ask for the (Bei Fong Tong)style, it's deep fried with lots of fried scallion/jalepeno and garlic...very tasty!!!
4	My new favorite authentic Chinese Restaurant in Vegas! Sorry Food Express you got beaten by equally tasting food, at a much more affordable price.The general rule of thumb is, if you see Asian people (especially elders and parents) eating at a Chinese restaurant, its a good sign. If you see Whites, Mexicans, or Blacks eating at, its usually not a good sign. Yes, as racist as it sound there is some truth to it. To our delight,  walking in Sunday night around 9PM, saw around 12 Asian families eating there. This is a damn good enough sign for me, considering its Sunday.Food:The star of the show is the lobster in ginger and scallions. Lobster had a sweetness to it, which means freshness. The deep fried sea bass was great as well, very flavorful and deep frying it doesn't kill the taste. The fried tofu in seafood sauce was okay, but the tofu wasn't really crispy. Still tasted good, even though I'm not a big fan of tofu. The beef chow fun tasted great, but I think the portion was a little lacking. The sizzling beef and mushroom in the clay pot was average. I tasted worst, but I certainly have tasted better. The pork soup was great. The sesame desert wasn't one of my favorites, but I'm not a big fan of sesame desert to begin with.Service:The service is fairly amazing. We didn't even really have to ask for anything, including forks, boxes, wet towels, or the check. They just gave us about everything we needed. Waiters were smiling and seemed like they really enjoyed their job. Soup and desert as well, but that is to be expected. The only setback was it took about 5 minutes before I got my teapot refilled from the time I put the lid up (used to signal for more tea). But they did refill it with hot tea, which is nice. Price:What really got my 3 other co-workers and myself was the $9 per lb lobster. Thats at market value, which is awesome. The beef chow fun is about $2 less than Food Express. Everything else on the menu is about the same price as other Chinese restaurant in Vegas.This is everything that Food Express offers, except cheaper and better and it doesn't have a stupid name. Service is top notch. Not everything totally impressed me, but nothing disappointed me. This is definitely a place to come back to. 4.5 stars for the great food, price, and service. Needs a little more before I give it a 5 star (I'm hard to impress).
5	This has become my top Hong Kong style restaurant in Las Vegas.  I go there once a week with my parents.  The service is very fast just like they serve you in Hong Kong.  The flavor and qualify of food is better than most Chinese restaurants in Las Vegas.  Price is reasonable.  They have lunch specials that are discounted from the dinner menu.I agree with Tony T. in his review.  If you see mostly Asian people in an Asian restaurant, then that's a good thing.Lastly, my compliments to the waitress and waiters.  They make going to  HK Star such a pleasant experience.  Be back next Sunday!
5	A place I can finally give a 5 star review.The 2 bad things of the night was they took a while to refill our teapot and the fried tofu with pepper need an additional sauce. That is really the worst thing I can say all night at this place.Came back here on a Friday night, and saw around 5 Asian families, 2 families with elders. Good sign since many Asian elders are really hard to impress (mine at least). Service is just stellar. The waiter was very attentative and it shows he's passionate about his job. He recommended an alternative fish to give us freshness instead of a frozen fish. Our waiter also had a kid of his own, so he got along well with our coworker's twin babies. Lastly, he showed us how to pull the last remaining meat from the tail of the lobster without destroying it. It was super tender and just orgasmic. Lobster, sea bass, beef and mushroom with oyster sauce, and steamed cod was all great. Only issue was the fried tofu needing a sauce since it was like just eating french fries. I recommend the sweet and sour sauce. This is the place I recommend going for authentic Chinese Food. If you want lobster without being ripped off, this is the place to go.
5	After many of you wrote to me to try out this restaurant because of my review of Food Express Chinese Restaurant, I decided to stop by today to give it a try.I have to say that I absolutely love the location--off the beaten path, not on Spring Mountain like I expected, and in this strip mall on the corner of Jones & Desert Inn.  I thought it was closed due to the lack of cars parked in front, but they were open, and I was happy.Walking in is like walking into a Chinese restaurant back home: cloth covered tables, those shiny, rounded wooden chairs and money bamboo and statues around the place.  I love the fact that they play Chinese TV and speak their language while you're around.  It makes the whole experience more comfortable and authentic, which I love.  We were seated immediately and given some time to order.They didn't take our drink order right away, which I'm not used to, but I think they were being polite by giving us five minutes to decide what to eat out of their extensive menu.  They provided 3 menus--lunch, dinner, and their authentic cuisine menu.  I also appreciate their Boba shake menu, which I love to drink!  If you ever try one, get the melon flavor with apple tapioca or without tapioca. It's so yummy!I was happy to find the intestines, jellyfish, sharks fin, among other dishes that most people find exotic.  They are all my favorites!  We went for an all out lunch and ate quite a bit of food, and here's the breakdown to the experience:Sharks fin soup: 1 bowl is 28 dollars unless you want the ultra fin which is 48 a bowl.  I ate the one with crab and brown sauce, which was to die for!  Just like home and made with real sharks fin, not that fake stuff.  You can tell from the cartilidge connectors and the soft white flesh that gets stuck with some of the fin.  It was absolutely yummy!  Nice and salty, briny, and tasted like the egg flower soup base with a bit of soy sauce and seafood.  Salt & pepper fried shrimp (without shell): Wow. This has this great, light batter that it's fried in and topped with a little chopped garlic, pepper and slices of pepper on top.  Nice and spicy and with the right saltiness.  It's so nicely seasoned and light that I could eat a whole plate to myself without realizing it, honestly.  Great appetizer.Half fried chicken: They have a few options of fried chicken and honestly I can't remember which one I ordered, but I think it was the Queen.  Either way, it was super crispy skin and moist chicken pieces with that great salt and sugar to sprinkle on top.  Great dish and it satisfied that fried chicken craving I had for days.  No one can go wrong with any of their fried chicken.  If you prefer no salt, they serve it on the side anyway, so season to your liking!  Even without the side salt, the skin has a nice flavor to it and has that hint of salt and pepper.Honey Walnut prawns: Who can go wrong with sweet shrimp?  Lightly fried, great mayo lemon sauce and a wonderfully crunchy, sugared walnuts.  I loved stacking the nuts on the shrimp and eating one whole shrimp as one bite.  The textures are amazing with this dish, having that soft, creamy shrimp and mayo sauce and that crunchy, sweet walnut with it--it's to die for.  One of the best I've tried in Vegas.  Not as preferable for me as Food Express' version, but still god.Live Steamed Lobster with silver and gold garlic: Need I say anything more than lobster and garlic?  They bring it out to get your approval.  I went for 4 pounds at 16/lb and it was worth every penny!   Succulent, chopped up into easy-to-handle pieces and coated in that amazing crunchy garlic.  It was absolutely wonderful and I wasn't ashamed to suck and slurp the pieces and use my fingers. They put just enough butter in the dish to make it flavorful but not oily, so that was lovely.  Trust me--it's really good.Overall a great meal and worth the price ticket, for sure.  I'm glad that I found this place because of you, readers!  If you haven't tried it, please do.  It is authentic and a great place for foodies to try exotic foods.  For a restaurant to bring me a dish that transports me back to my childhood back on Guam is a great find, and this restaurant did it with their sharks fin soup.Hop in the car and try this place.  It's like taking a trip to Hong Kong without leaving the city, and you can even take that experience to go.  Happy travels!
5	Great Chinese style seafood with good price!Their lobseters are all more than 3 lbs.Pros:- live seafood special- free soup- free desserts- friends and experienced staffs- good taste- Good price- easy parkingCons:- Need a car to get there from the strip (10 Min.)
4	What do you do when it's 11:30pm and Raku is all booked?  Go to HK Star.  We called them 15mins before they were closing and they accommodated us.  We were the only ones there but we ordered quickly, the food (noodles of beef and chicken) came out fast and flavorful.  It's not gourmet or super authentic but if they were nice enough to let us eat when we were the ONLY ones in the dining room, it's not too bad.  Would definitely go back and try something else.
5	I know 5 stars migh seem excessive, but today's meal for 10 was exceptional in every way: the service was fast and friendly, the ambiance bright and inviting, the bathrooms clean. But the main ingredient, the food was outstanding - very fresh seafood, from lobster, seabass and squid to big, succulent shrimp, the vegetables were vibrant green and very tasty and the wide rice noodles in a yummy sace were to die for! The prices were very reasonable given the portion size and the quality of the food. They don't sell alcohol, but provide glasses for your own beer and wine. We will definitely be returning and bringing other friends with us. A Hong Kong style true find that gives L.A. and S.F. a run for their money!
5	I love this place and I go there for lunches and dinners.  I take my out of town friends there too and they've become big fans.  The service is very good, the owner is very nice.  Great lunch prices with entrees at either $4.95/$5.95/or $6.95.  Also, the lobster price for dinner (not lunch) is $8.88/lb and that is cooked.  The only drawback is that the lobsters are usually 4 - 6 lbs.I have never been disappointed with anything I've ever ordered.  A couple of my favorite dishes though are East River Tofu Clay Pot, West Lake Beef Soup, and Snow Pea Leaves.
4	Great lunch specials!Food tatse like authentic chinese food great portions for price as well. My only issue is the spicy salt pork chop has a wierd sweet batter that I am not found of. The best ones have a light dust on them not a batter. Other stuff I tried was good though. Gotta hit this place up again for dinner sometime though, I saw that lobster was only 8.88/lb right now. but it you order it at lunch its 16/lb because of the cheap lunch special I guess. Definately one of the better ones in Las Vegas.
4	Read other reviews and given it's right around the corner from work, an associate and I had to check in out. We had fried dumplings for the appetizer (excellent) but no soy sauce was offered or on the table. I equated this to asking for A-1 at a great steak house. For the entree I had sweet and sour pork, my friend had lemon chicken and we shared a shrimp fried rice. Everything was excellent. Crispy cover on the pork and chicken and great sauce on both dishes. I'd love to come here with a big group and taste test the Poo Poo platter. Lunch prices are very reasonable. You'll have to ask for soy sauce and silverware. Or just sharpen one of your chop sticks and go harpooning. Enjoy.
3	I came to HK Star for a family birthday dinner.The following are the items we ordered:Wonton souphttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/LJQCv30PCIpC3FnvHF5mXQ?select=P5WrBpRmFWlW9I4zkS3yNwCrab legshttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/LJQCv30PCIpC3FnvHF5mXQ?select=rQhV6cM1P2wTmtuZOPP1WACrispy Pork chophttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/LJQCv30PCIpC3FnvHF5mXQ?select=9QGNrxu0yo-0Xuuxc3175gHoney Walnut Shrimphttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/LJQCv30PCIpC3FnvHF5mXQ?select=4PSrCZfOR59aBpmfR4donACrispy Fish with TofuChinese Greenhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/LJQCv30PCIpC3FnvHF5mXQ?select=BYhXtf7qfqXvtD8pyMMV_AHouse Special Crispy noodlehttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/LJQCv30PCIpC3FnvHF5mXQ?select=B0bSG-x2DrjjUsyBX7e3aQThe portions and the taste were pretty decent. As you can see the majority of the items above are seafood. This place seems to specialize on seafood but there are plenty of items for non-seafood eaters or vegetarians. I am fond of the chinese green, the crispy noodle and tofu. At the end of the meal we got free dessert. I believe it was supposed to be almond jello but there were no jello pieces. It was like dessert soup hehe. It was all liquid.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/LJQCv30PCIpC3FnvHF5mXQ?select=7P3me3zI8jQohwt-42yNVgOn a non-food related note: there are big screen tvs all over the restaurant. I know there are at least two, possibly three. It was turned on to a Chinese food channel showcasing how fish are caught and then cooked. I guess it's to go along with the seafood theme of the restaurant? Anyways a lot of the folks eating at the restaurant seemed to be fascinated by what was on the tv versus concentrating on their dinner. Hehe.
5	I came here with my housemate awhile back for dinner and the place was packed with mostly Chinese families out celebrating Mother's Day.  However, the wait wasn't too bad and we were seated within 5-10 minutes, and we kept ourselves entertained by watching the DVD of a food review show from Hong Kong.We placed our order and it took awhile for the food to arrive, and it also took the waiter a long time to finally bring out the steamed rice (did they run out?), which was the few negatives of the evening and overlooked given how busy they were.  But the food was tasty, which is the most important.I also came back a few days ago to order some lunch specials to go.  The portions were decent and the price is very competitive. Compared to what people typically have to pay for a burger combo at the fast food joints, this is a steal and it tastes better too!Speaking of lunch I think I will go there now for lunch. Seafood & Tofu in Clay Pot here I come :)
4	This is a great restaurant for some Cantonese dish. We ordered Lobster with Scallion and Ginger, House Chowmein is beyond wonderful, Fried Rice was great. Pricing for lobster do change, I was there once and lobster was $8 lbs and then yesterday it was $16.74 per pound (maybe because of the father's day weekend, I felt that it was a ripoff. Otherwise I will keep coming back.
5	UYE LUNCH with: Misti Y & Hubby, The power yelper couple Teri C. & Reggie M, Annie G., Angela H,  Tony T, Jade W, Cindy D and little gorgeous Eva! First of all we each ordered one item and had family style. We ordered the following:Fried Cod Fillet with Salt & Pepper - It was soooo good, I think this maybe better than food express especially that it was a lunch special for $6.95Fried Salt & Pepper Pork Chop - We had to order 2 of these because it was friggen good that we needed more! This maybe the best Fried Salt & Pepper Pork Chop in Vegas! Kung Pao Shrimp - I am not a fan of Kung Pao, but I really liked the taste of this. Braised beans with Beef - Succulent and YummyEggplant Hot Pot - This was so good and steamy hot in my mouth which I love! Tofu and bean sprouts Hot Pot - Amazing...I always favor tofu dishes! Mongolian Chicken - This was very tasty and chicken texture was just right. Shrimp Chow Fun - The flavor is wonderful and I like this style better than beef. Regular braised Green Beans - This was also yummy with a simple taste.Although I would love to try dinner but the prices seems a little high, HK Star will be my new to go place for lunch! 5 stars for AMAZING, non oily food and prices are from $4.95, 5.95 and 6.95! Thanks again Misti Y. for the generous surprise and I love my Yelp Lunch box! A round of applause to Cindy for coordinating this!
5	Since discovering HK Star for dinner awhile back with my housemate I have made regular stops to sample their large selections of quality lunch specials at very competitive prices.  The prices range from $4.95 to $6.95.Your typical $4.95 lunch specials are your HK Style dishes like beef, chicken or pork fried rice, chow fun/mein and other simple meat and vegetable rice plates.  Portions are generous, so a typical person will have enough leftovers to have at least a snack.  My personal favorite from this section is the Beef Chow Fun w/ Vegetables & Gravy.For $5.95, you get non-seafood entrees with side of rice, such as Pork Chop w/ Salt & Pepper (which is highly recommended).At $6.95, you can order from various clay pots and seafood entrees, which are a great deal considering the quality and deliciousness of the food. The best deals in this price group is the selections of Rock Cod Filet dishes.  I have many favorites in this section: Rock Cod Filet w/ Salt & Pepper, East River Tofu in Clay Pot, Shrimp w/ Chef's Special Sauce and Shrimp & Egg w/ Gravy on Rice (this one is a comfort food for me, and at other restaurants is typically made with beef).This restaurant is highly recommended for locals living or working on the SW part of town, or when you visit Chinatown (Spring Mountain area to go grocery shopping).  Out of town visitors with their own transportation should definitely considering checking this place out, if you are looking for non-tourist trap off-strip Chinese foods.A solid 5-stars review for the restaurant's lunch specials.
5	Lunch UYE with some fantastic people and this place has definitely a hit Even from one luncheon it is clear that this is one of the best Chinese spots in Vegas and going to be  favorite of mine.Firstly, there was quite a bit of choices in their lunch specials that ranged from $4.95-$6.95- what a deal for quality food! We orderedSalt&Pepper Pork Chop- two of them since they were delicious, crisp and generous on the garlic/onion/sliced chilies on them, but wasn't encrusted so that non spicy eaters can brush that stuff off (and not get burned) and leave it for the chilie fiends at the tables.plain braised greenbeans- simple, but it's so good to mix with everything else.braised greenbeans with beef and XO sauce- yummy variant if you don't want to go plain. I'm ordering this again since XO and green beans is love. Shrimp Kung Pao- normally don't enjoy Kung Pao too much, but theirs was good and shrimps were a good size and fresh tasting.Mongolian Chicken- I actually didn't try this, but it must have been good because the plate was scraped up! Shrimp and Pork (I believe) Chow Fun- nice noodles actually, cooked right.East River Tofu Hot Pot- ordered because of the name and was a surprise. It's not much to look at, but it was actually pretty good. The tofu has a meatball inserted into it and is in a light brown sauce with bean sprouts. Comforting, surprising. Hot Pot Eggplant in Garlic Sauce- this was pretty yummy. Hot Pot and eggplant with just about every combo usually ends up as one of my favorites. Going to be getting this again! Salt and Pepper Rock Cod Filet- yumo! The fish was fresh and buttery with a light and crisp batter. Compared to other spots, it is pretty reasonably priced here. This was so satisfying I am seriously thinking of going this weekend with the family. I've been to many on Spring that had good star dishes among underwhelming dishes- no, this was all tasty, cooked right, cooked with some China love..  Yeah, I'm not Chinese, but my sister and brothers are. This is some of the food of my childhood and comparable to a few places that we frequented in Los Angeles without the line out the door. HK is a Diamond find, not merely a gem. Love affair for sure.
5	I was kinda nervous because this was my second UYE that I attended. The first one was at Menchies but I didn't get to meet Joanne. For starters, I drove up in the parking lot and didn't see the restaurant because I didn't look up at all the signs for the businesses in the area, so I drove away and went around in the block to come back to the same spot. I finally looked up and saw the sign "HK Star"... YAAAYY. As I walked in, I wasn't sure if I was in the right place, but then noticed Misti, Angela, and Jade as well as the other follow yelpers like Teri and Reggie, Honey, Cindy and her daughter (what a cutie pie), and Bobbie, and Tony T..... YAAAAYYYYY, I was definitely in the right place. Everyone immediately introduced themselves and were ordering their food. The waitress I guess didn't hear what I had said for what I wanted, but it was cool because we had enough food for everyone to share. The food was great. Poor Honey, she and I kept elbowing each other while we were eating and reaching for food. The prices weren't that bad either. It was $4.95 to $6.95 and the food was well worth it like the pork chops, Kung Pao Shrimp, and more. Thank you Cindy for the event. I had a blast especially taking pictures of your daughter and with your daughter. She's a doll. Pics are to follow!
3	My husband wanted to try this place based on the reviews.  It was pretty busy when we came in,  they had TV playing Chinese cooking shows all over the restaurant to keep you entertained.  He ordered salt-n-pepper pork chops, shrimp with snow peas, and steamed sea bass with black bean sauce.They started us with their free soup, which is boiled pork neckbones with carrots and lotus roots.  When they brought out the shrimp with celery I was shocked, didn't we order snowpeas?  There were a few snowpeas but mostly celery.  If I wanted celery I would have ordered celery thank you.  The salted pork was okay.  I was expecting a whole fish but we got a slice or steak of the sea bass only.  They all had good flavoring but the portions were a too skimpy.  Afterward, they gave us the tapioca bean soup desert.  Overall, it was an okay experience.
2	First off....the food was very decent. The lunch specials are cheap and the ones we picked were tasty.But OMG!! EEEEEEEWWWW! They had some video on of various "food" items that looked like worms and male body parts squirting uh, liquid, as they were being prepared as food. I swear it was one of the most disgusting videos I've ever seen. Stomach turning, and it makes you wonder what you're eating.The video apparently came from their media server, which seemed to only have that video on it.I can't fathom why they'd play it unless it's to keep non-chinese out (or make us throw up.)I think I will take a pass and go to China Mama next time.Freakin' EEW!
5	Wow, just took some friends from China here and they loved the food, like me, they thought it was a really good representation of Cantonese food. We had the lunch menu:-String beans with XO sauce and dried shrimp-Garlic eggplant in claypot-Seafood and tofu in claypotIt was a lot of food for under $30 w/tax+tip1The food was really fresh and clean-beats Monterey Park Cantonese anyday!
5	As I have stated in previous reviews, I do enjoy Chinese food but it is not a do or die with me as it is for my husband. After reading the rave yelps I decided to take my husband here for one main thing...the salt and pepper cod. Ok...I was enamored with the salt and pepper pork. :)My husband can be extremely picky....I do believe this was his favorite meal in our entire Vegas trip. He and I were joined by my sis-in-law and we shared the cod, pork,  and some fried rice. My sis-in-law is Chinese/Hawaiian and while she liked not loved the fried items..she really enjoyed the fried rice. I think we all thoroughly enjoyed the whole meal...for both the taste and the value of the lunch menu...and this is a definite must go on our next Vegas trip.Thanks so much for turning us on to this place!!!
5	I've been wanting to come back since we've gone for the UYE. The BF and I came here for lunch (FYI- lunch specials are 11-4:30 daily) and ordered:Salt&Pepper Rock Cod- spectacular. It's simple, but uber delicious in it's flavor and freshness. I will be happy to order this again and again...Pork Chops in Mandarin Sauce- its pretty standard. I haven't had these bad anywhere and I only order in rare moods.Hong Kong Style Chow Fun- good. It's simple in that its just stir fried in soy sauce, has onions, green onions and sprouts. I got a Taro Milk Tea (without boba) and this was very good. Smoother even than some boba shops where sometimes there's  big chunks of ice. We have been on a shaved iced kick so we ordered under the desserts the mixed fruit ice thinking that's what it was. Nope. It was mixed fruit from a can in syrup with some chunks of ice on top. Meh. Service is okay, but not the most attentive unless you ask for things. Still, the food here is authentic and good at such great prices so for that I will keep my 5 stars..
3	A really strong 3, almost a 4.  I would definitely try it again if I was in the area.I met Vegas Yelper Angela H here for lunch.  She had given me a list of places and I picked this one based on the reviews.  I thought the food was pretty good and so was the service.  By the time were were done yakking the remaining food and tea was cold.  The portions are certainly large enough.  And the price was cheap!  Because we got there late for lunch the place was clearing out and almost empty by the time we left so we did not feel rushed to open the table.
3	Pretty good for 10:30PM at night on a Friday after driving 4 hours and  checking in to our hotel .  Not busy at all.  My family and I ordered shrimp with vegetables, clam soup, pork chops (the sweet hong kong style kind), and  few other dishes.  All was pretty standard "real" Chinese food found in the OC.  The servers were very friendly and helpful.  There was a TV show playing on their 2 HD tv (Chinese man version of Andrew Zimmern. Nothing to complain or rave about.
4	Don't get me wrong! I love HK Star, but the service is really poor. I have been back twice since the UYE lunch and both times we have been ignored for normal requests, like more water, please, more order please etc.... One of the times was even on a Saturday. Therefore, I am taking 1 star down for the service, BUT I will continue to come here for lunch because it is just damn good as well as the price! By the way, their crispy fried tofu with salt and pepper is to die for!
2	Bad service. Greasy, flavorless dishes. Not worth your dime even if the lunch special is under $10. Ordered chow fun beef noodles and the chicken cashew dish. I doubt if I had ordered something else it would have been better. Never coming back.
2	Sorry, but after coming back a few times, our experiences get worse and worse that 2 star bump down is fair. Firstly,today there were flies. A lot of them bothering our food and we're trying to eat while waving them away. I eat with a bowl of rice in one hand and chopsticks in another- I don't have a spare hand to keep waving so I look like an idiot waving my rice bowl about. Take care of that shit because that's annoying and unappetizing. The UYE we got fairly decent service, but maybe it was a fluke or they knew we were reviewers so they tried to be on their best. When I came with my BF, we had to flag down for everything even though theres only 2 tables. Next two times with family, sometimes flags were ignored and we were held hostages waiting for the check and to-go boxes. The servers always look angry and don't seem very happy doing their job. They don't seem to be pleased when we ask for anything so I try to order everything at once, but that doesn't make a difference because they ignore you asked for things and only bring out items you paid for and not the condiments, or water or tea.  Refill request and simple things like asking for condiments or water was ignored even when asked repeatedly. We also were given forks only and also had been skipped in being given hot tea before...I'm assuming they think it's not for white people (Asian clientele had tea and chopsticks without asking). Other Chinese restaurants when in doubt usually ask. It seems that dinner/bigger spenders ordering the lobster specials and such are the friends that have gotten decent service so it probably is because they only care when you spend a lot. That's not how to run a resto- treat me nice when I have a big ticket, and then ignore me when I come for a lunch special. People talk and nothing is more loud than unhappy customers. Food that we get is good, but I don't think it's fantastic enough to say that it can overcome the pisspoor service and attitude. I'm going back to Food Express and Joyful House for Chinese/late night and lunch across the street at Wendy's Noodle Cafe. Wendy's is not only fantastic service, it's so pleasant that their smiles can cure a bad day. They're just as good food-wise and the three of them have actual service. My family is nice and still gave our standard 20% tip. I had half a mind to yank that off the tray and put it back in grandmas wallet. I rarely have felt we shouldn't tip at all....I normally leave a little bit, but I should've got their tip and bought myself dessert at Wendy's Noodle Cafe. I doubt that I will be going back here. If I do it's because someone insisted and I had enough notice to bring an obnoxious big neon foam "sports" hand to wave for service.
4	Good, fresh, and authentic comes to mind when describing my dining experience at HK Star.  Whenever eating a cultures cuisine that is different than my own I have always kept a few simple rules of thumb that have always proven to be tried and true.  If you walk in and you are the minority, this is a good sign.  If you are the only one speaking english, this is an even better sign.  And both rules have proven to be good indicators of great eats once again.  My wife and I went on a Monday night and this place was jumpen, packed from wall to wall. I ordered the jelly fish and  squid in a spicy bean curd sauce which they called XO sauce. The squid was a little over cooked however the overall texture and taste was good.  The jelly fish was quite odd, not the taste or in this case the lack there of, it was the texture. Picture eating a piece of gristle, gelatinous yet gritty, that is the texture of jelly fish.  To say the least it was not my favorite. We also ordered a plate of deep fried shrimp in sweet and sour sauce which was just OK. However the crispy noodle chicken chow men was amazing.  The prices were fair, the food was fresh and authentic and they are centrally located, what else do you need to know.
3	We had an ok seafood dinner here.  The cod filets in our filet and Chinese broccoli dish were not of the freshest quality though.  The spicy basil clam dish was good.  The clay pot with seafood and tofu and mushrroms was again ok, but the fish again could have been better.  It also looked to be a popular place for a family meal in a busy part of Vegas' Chinatown.
3	This is a review of their lunch specials.The Skinny: pretty good selection of Cantonese styled dishes done well (3.75), service: is poor but pretty standard across Chinese restaurants (2), value: can't beat the crazy lunch prices here where dishes range from $5-6 (4).We came here for lunch on a Friday at 2 pm. This is the least busy I have seen this place.My hubby and I have come here for dinner multiple times in the evenings but this was the first time for lunch.We ordered the prawns stirfried with egg, salt & pepper porkchops and the string beans sauteed in XO sauce. The best thing was the salt & pepper porkchops. The porkchops were flavourful and tender on the inside while the batter was light, crispy and non-greasy.  Stingbeans were stirfried nicely however the XO sauce lacked complexity due to the addition of jalapeno. The prawn dish tasted fine but was drenched in oil.Honestly combined with the previous food experiences here, the food itself would rate a 4 probably. But the service seems to been significantly less attentive since we were there last even despite the fact the restaurant was relatively quiet (ie, we kept having to ask our waiters for refills for things - water, tea).Due to service issues, this place rates a solid 3.5.
2	HK Star was not what I expected when I went here on my last trip to Vegas. My family raved about how great this place was and we decided to go back here again based on my family's previous experience. When we went here for dinner, there was no one in the restaurant. People arrive after 6:30PM.  We were seated and we placed our order. After placing our order of various Chinese dishes and receiving our order, it was like the waiter forgot we were there. Don't get me wrong, the food was great. The service needs to be worked on because quite frankly, if you're the only group in the restaurant, it's not THAT hard to have good service. Vegas is hot and there are a lot of flies in the area. They don't have that AC Unit that prevents flies from coming in. Every time the door opened more flies would come in. Unless you like fending flies off while you eat, you should not eat here.We kept asking for more rice and we didn't get it. After we got our dishes, the restaurant filled up and it was like a free for all trying to get the waiter's attention. We had to keep trying to wave down the waiters.  When we wanted our bill we had to do the same thing. We were ready to pay. They did not pick up our bill. My brother ended up walking the bill over to the register. Do they not want to get paid?I guess I've been spoiled with great Chinese food in my area. My family may want to go here again but count me out.
3	If you like 'fish and chips', one of the only redeeming dishes to have emerged from English cuisine, than you will love the salt and pepper cod (or shrimp) at HK Star on Jones and Spring Mountain. HK Star is a Chinese seafood restaurant with a caffeteria-like feel tucked inconspicuously behind the more well known China Mama's. Though the ambience and several of their dishes leave something to be desired, there are some redeeming items on the menu.Two such gems include the aforementioned 'salt and pepper cod' ($6.95 lunch, $9.95 dinner) and 'salt and pepper shrimp' ($6.95 lunch, $11.95 dinner). Both are lightly battered and deep fried, then tossed with hot chilies and crispy garlic bits. The 'salt' description rings true as well, though they have successfully managed to not go overboard with it. I couldn't pick a favorite between the two options, as the cod is flaky and moist and the shrimp are plump and snappy. These are certainly the best two items on the menu, and you won't miss the 'chips' at all.The sauteed vegetables ($5.95 lunch, $7.95 dinner) come with a nice variety of mushrooms, one of which is kind of chewy and sponge like. After a google search I think I can call it 'snow fungus,' though I can't be entirely sure. Pass on the Kung Pao cod ($9.95) as the only flavors emerging from the blonde sauce come from the peanuts and MSG.The scene is a hurried and the staff are not entirely friendly, but for the prices of those fried morsels I'm willing to tolerate a less than stellar overall experience. Come in with low expectations (with the exception of the salt and pepper selections) and you will leave satisfied.
4	I came into HK Star with my roommate today and had a great lunch.  They had many choices for the lunch special based on price.  One section was 4.95, the other was 5.95, and the most expensive was 6.95.  While many lunch specials come with salad, soup, egg roll, and maybe some other items, HK star's lunch special came with only the entree and a side of rice.  This was no problem, though, because the portion of the entree was very large.  We got one order of crispy dumplings for 4.95, and they were probably the best dumplings I have ever had.  The dough on the outside was soft, yet crispy on the outside, and the meat on the inside was plentiful, and, more importantly, seasoned perfectly.  When you bit into the dumplings, they poured juice into your mouth and a little into the hands, which is exactly what I want.  It wasn't water being poured into your mouth, it was the juiciness of the chicken.  I would definitely suggest getting a plate of dumplings when you go!For my lunch entree, I got the Duck, and my roommate got the Mongolian Beef.  The duck was a very large portion, and was served with a thin, yet flavorful sauce, and boiled peanuts.  Very good dish, especially for only 5.95!  The Mongolian Beef was surprisingly very good, too.  I don't usually like the americanized chinese dishes, but this one had just the right amount of spice, and even the onions with the dish were very good.  I would highly suggest HK Star to anyone looking for a great chinese restaurant in Chinatown.
4	Went solo for lunch today at HK Star. It was an impromptu decision to get lunch here, since I was originally planning to go get dim sum with some classmates afterclass. But being the first week of school, things were hectic and things rarely goes according to plan.Anyway, I figure since I was in the area taking care of errands, I will drive a few more blocks to try another new item on the HK Star lunch special menu. I have typically ordered the more expensive items, so decided I want to try something from the $4.95 portion of the menu.  Hong Kong Style Chow Fun sounds interesting, and I have never ordered it and would like to find out what exactly is HK Style Chow Fun.When the waiter came, that was what I told him I wanted "Hong Kong Style Chow Fun" (#8 on the $49.5 lunch special menu - okay I didn't say the #8 part of it).  He said theone with the gravy. I have never ordered it, so I said sure. He also wanted to confirm that I wanted Chow Fun, because on the menu the Chow Mein option is also available, and I said yes.  He looked a little confused to me, and I repeated the order again in Mandarin "Hong Kong Style Chow Fun" and off he went to punch in the order in the POS.Minutes later, a generous plate of chow fun with gravy and vegetables, shrimp, chicken and fish arrived.  I was hungy for the past 2 hours so I took a quick picture and dug in.  The food was delicious, and I was thinking this is a great deal for $4.95. I ate the entire plate of chow fun without being interrupted by the wait staff.  It wasn't until the very end when I have ate everything that the waiter who took me to the table brought over the check.When I saw the bill, I realized the fantastic deal was a mistake, because they have made me "House Pan Nood, sub Chow Fun", which I interpretted as House Pan Friend Noodles made with Chow Fun and asking me for $6.51 for my lunch. I was annoyed enough to write a comment on the bill that I "asked for Hong Kong Style Chow Fun" and left my $7 for lunch. I figured besides taking my order wrong and delivering the food and provided no additional service, such as asking if everything was okay or if I needed more tea or water, that was what was earned.So downgrading my rating to 4 stars solely on the poor listening skill, not knowing the menu and non-existent service.  I feel had I called my order ahead and the regular waiter took my order, I would have been given what I ordered. Or my experience today at HKS was due to being stuck with the crappy waiter that some other Yelper have complained about.  Hopefully next time the ordering process will be better, and if I sense any confusion in the waiter repeating back my order, I will just have to point to it on the menu to make sure we are all on the same wavelength.
1	Horrible service, mediocre food,$25 credit card minimum. Everytime i come to this place it takes forever for my food to come and they never give me the check when im done. Id have to go up to the front counter to pay. The thing is it was never busy at all! The only great thing about this place is daily lunch specials.
4	Lunch specials are the real star of this place!  I've been here a handful of times and only for their lunches!  They offer quite a few choices for lunch - $4.95 to $6.95, including rice!  All these dishes are served family-style, which makes it ideal for a group!Highlights include their Braised Tofu, Salt and Pepper Pork Chops (although they could really cut them more so they aren't such huge pieces), Fried Flounder, Black Cod in Black Bean Sauce, various Chow Fun dishes, Chinese Broccoli in Oyster Sauce, Braised String Beans with XO Sauce, Eggplant with Garlic Sauce, East River Tofu in Clay Pot, etc.The list goes on and you're bound to find something that you like on this menu! Service - like Elnino F. mentioned, there are some issues.  They really don't like giving out water.  On more than one occasion, I had to ask more than once for a glass of water.  Yes, they aren't making any money on the water but they should still provide it since you need something to wash all that food down and sometimes tea just doesn't cut it.Overall, you really can't beat the price for quantity and quality at HK Star, especially for their lunch prices.  I briefly glanced at their regular menu, but what's the point?  Their lunch prices go for a pretty long time too!Minimum $25 before you can use a credit card.  There's an ATM machine at the smoke shop in the same shopping center.  (On the left when you walk out of the restaurant.)The lunch special menu is valid daily from 11 am to 4:30 pm and again from 9:30 pm to 12 am. You may have to request for this specific menu though.
4	A wonderful l"ocals" surprise. Who knew. Great vibe an the music was great (if you can work with dub step music). Not sure what they do on other nights because it's a dance club with private karaoke rooms as well. I just left at 4 am and although the crowd was considerably lighter than earlier, they were still partying hard when I left. Quite a nice room in general with a very competent and complete staff. I'll definitely be back, and if I go on a different night, I'll post again.
4	Great food and prices!!  service was also pretty good; no where near as bad as some reports.  Victor was our waiter.  he had a great sense of humor and steered us to some great dishes.we went there for dinner last night. started with apps of salt and pepper shrimp and veggie egg rolls (menu says seafood, but they are veggie now). salt n pepper shrimp were awesome!  could have just eaten those all night, but we would have missed some other good stuff.then we had the seafood chowder.  nothing like American chowder.  chunks of misc seafood (i don't like fish, so i didn't look to close at what i was eating) in a broth base.  not an overly fishy taste or smell.  i finished a whole bowl.the mongolian beef had good flavor and a nice spicy kick.i didn't try the fish in black bean sauce but the other 4 in our party really liked it.the chow main with beef, chicken, and shrimp was decent. the large pieces of beef, chicken, and whole shrimp were generous.and, the best item of the night:  Lobster!  a whole lobster! they had a special where lobster was $8.88 a pound.  ours was just over 4 pounds. there were several ways to have it prepared, and at our waiter's suggestion, we went with the ginger and scallion sauce. everyone loved it!total bill was only $116 for the 5 of us. great price for 2 apps, soup, and entrees, including us "splurging" on the lobster.  all were stuffed and very satisfied.
1	I'm not going to rate this place for their food because their service was so poor that we decided to leave before we even got our food. First, we walk into the damn place and it smells like wet dog. Literally, wet dog. So I'm thinking to myself "we came to Vegas to eat at this dump?" Second, our server comes to my family and my mom is ordering and asking what's good. The server has the god damn audacity to say whatevers on the menu is on the menu just read it.So my mom flips a shit and she asks is there something wrong with you? Do you have no patience? Is there somewhere you need to be? And this server knows immediately that he messed with the wrong family. My family glares at him, I say. Let's leave. We'll eat somewhere else. And we leave.Seriously, this restaurants service was so poor, I didn't even bother trying the food. Judging from the looks of it, this place is probably where you'd have you food spat in. If I could, I'd give it 0 stars but I guess this one star is just out of pity.
1	OMG WTF! How long should it take for food to be made and brought out? I was sitting forever. First I come in and ask for a table for 11...the host heard 7. We got there and sat down at about 730 pm...waited forever for the waiter/server to come get the order. The it took them 45 minutes! to get the first item to the table. After that items took anywhere from 20 - 40 minutes for each item to come out. We finally finished eating and paid for everything at almost 10pm!I'm never coming here to each again!
2	We had dinner here with family and friends. The food wasn't bad, but the service was down right lousy. Asked for water twice and never received any. They took away our teapot and never brought it back. The rest of our party wasn't even there yet and a couple of waiters came by to ask if we were ready to order. Need I say more.... We had the garlic ginger lobster with yee mien base, salt and pepper pork chops, stir fried garlic pea pods, frog hot pot and if you spend over $38, they give you a dish of either steamed chicken or soya sauce duck for free but on the other hand if you don't ask for it, they won't bring it out to you. I saw tables with over $38 of food but no chicken or duck. This is not honest in my books. Anyway, the lobster was quite good, but I did not particularly like the noodle base that we ordered for it. The salt and pepper pork chop was a little bit too salty and was too fatty for my taste. The pea pods on the other hand was perfectly prepared and the frog hot pot was quite delightful, no fishy taste. The place was very busy when we arrived, but after 9:30pm it died down considerably. I'd give this place 3 stars just for the food but minus 1 star for lousy service and dishonest.
5	I was coming here every weekend till I decided I needed to eat healthier not it's every other weekend. Lunch specials are the best I have found so far in town, cheap and good. Favs: Salt and pepper pork chops - one of the better ones in VegasBraised string beans- healther and good. (not sure if they are really   healthy but they are good and in the veggies category) dinnerWalnut ShrimpLobster, house special with green onions and stuff. they have a special at dinner time, $8.88 per pound for lobster. great food, service is not great but again it's chinese food. Just dont expect any service and they will wow you! lol
4	I am ashamed I have lived here nearly 4 years and have just discovered this gem.  I read all the other reviews and HK Star really deserves to be a 4-5 star IMO.The food is phenomenal.  I enjoyed going to KJ Kitchen and Joyful House but I will be coming here for now on.  We ordered at least 15 dishes for Chinese New Year.We got most of the items listed in all these other reviews so I won't spout it off.  My suggestion is to bring a good orderer, someone who can order in cantonese/mandarin.   If you don't have any asian friends who can order, then PM me.    And I tend to say this in most of my Chinese restaruant reviews.... you can't rank Chinese restaurants on Service and Timeliness.  Asian restaurants get a pass, unfortunately.  Generally speaking, Asian people are rude.  Go walk in SF or NYC Chinatown and see how many people bump into you, cut you in line, spit on you, and deliver bad service.   Look we're kind of misunderstood.  Yah we're rude but alot of it has to do with culture, social upbringing, etc.   Just rank us for our food and nothing else
4	I went here today to celebrate Chinese New Year. I was with a group of Chinese folks so perhaps we got special treatment because the service wasn't bad at all. I find most asian restaurants have sub-par service, and this place just seemed average from a service standpoint to me. The food on the other hand was above average for a Chinese place. We ordered a smorgasboard of everything and most things I tried were light and fresh tasting rather than greasy. Additionally I didn't get sick from an MSG overload, so that's a great sign. I wish I knew the names of what we ordered, but I will admit some of the things were a bit too authentic for this adventurous eater. *Bright yellow chicken with the chicken's head on the plate. Hrm, I really didn't like my food staring at me while eating it. Hard to get used to that. I suppose putting a chicken head on the platter makes this place more legit, however. *Big blocks of tofu with "bamboo fungus" (I kid you not, this is how our Chinese hosts described this!). Looked and smelled pretty nasty, can't say I was even willing to try it as a tofu hater. *Beef chow fun noodles - awesome and way better than the ones at your standard chinese delivery place. *Fried pork chops - it's fried pork! Obviously amazing. Not as salty as theones at Anna's Garden.*Seabass in a clay pot with tofu - the seabass was slimy and chewy, pretty nasty imo, but most of the people at our table were loving it.*Honey walnut shrimp - one of my fave dishes and their's is well executed. *Fried squid (I'd call it calamari but not sure if the Chinese would use that word?). Phenomenal - not greasy, so light, and so tasty.*Green beans - ok this sounds lame, but they do some amazing wok fry technique and use shrimp flakes or something and I can honestly say they were the tastiest green beans I've ever eaten. Green beans are my favorite veggie so I do eat them quite a bit. These were so freaking good I'm on a mission to replicate them somehow (as someone who has never cooked Asian food odds aren't in my favor!). Overall one of your better Chinese options in Chinatown. Service was decent, the food wasn't all that greasy or MSG-laden, and prices were fair for what you get. I particularly enjoyed the trippy Chinese karaoke videos they play while you eat. My favorite is the one with people in 80's clothes playing paddy-cake over a dead bird. I wish I could speak the language so I could understand what the hell was going on in that video!*
5	The best roast duck in town is now at HK Star!  I finally went for dinner and ordered 1 whole roast duck and it was so delicious! It is definitely the best duck ever to exist in Las Vegas! The sauce is savory and seasony. Skin is crispy and fine.  Meat is tender and juicy. And even Mayor Oscar Goodman thought it was extremely tasteful!  Providing him recommendation to try the duck as he first walked in when he asked me what was good at HK Star; made me feel like what a true democrat would be!
4	Came in for a family dinner a couple weeks back. Was for a party of 12. And the service was pretty good for it being a Chinese restaurants. And food quality was quite good as well. Not easy to find a nice Chinese restaurant with actually decent service.I am so behind in my reviews that I don't specifically remember all the food. Though the peking duck was memorable. And the pricing is very good for the quality of food.
3	We just had dinner there tonight- 7 adults and 4 kids so I was deciding whether to just order off the menu or get their prefix menu.  Even though I am part Chinese, my Cantonese is very limited so I asked about their menu for large parties.  The first one they handed me was in English and started at $218! So I balked and asked about the cheaper prefix menu..you should have seen their face..like what menu??  You know the cheaper one I say...OH they say but it's only in Chinese..okay so you can translate it for me then! (smile)Anyways- so we get the cheaper prefix menu and it's only in Chinese, well, I start asking them what was on the one for $68 and what was on the one for $148.  After a little haggling back and forth about whether I can switch out certain dishes and get others instead ( really wished my mom was there cause she is a way better haggler) we decide to just stick with the $148 prefix menu.What we got:Soup- lotus root with pork shoulder ( it was good)Cold App- jellyfish, boneless chicken feet and assorted meats (was okay only, most of my party did not partake as it was not their cup of tea)Steamed Chicken with ginger sauce- was really yellowish but everyone enjoyed itWalnut Prawns- gone before I got any!Cubed Steak- again gone before I got anyLobster Cantonese- was okay, wished I could've switched it out for crab instead but was good overallChinese vegetable and mushroom dish- was tasty, the kids really enjoyed itWhole Flounder- the head, tail and fins were fried and the rest was filleted and sauteed with vegetables ( really good)Scallops and Veggies sauteed- also gone before I got to itClams in basil on a hot pot- it was okay, the hot pot doesn't work cause if you don't eat the clams right away, they end up overcookedRed beans and tapioca for dessertOh and service was a little slow even though there were only 3 tables in there at that time, I had to ask three times for condiments!Overall, it came to about $160 with tax..would I order the prefix again? Probably not...being that I was the only Chinese person at my table, I think most of the dishes were a little too "authentic" better just order off the menu next time!
4	This is the go to place for large events like birthday dinners and Chinese New Year celebrations amongst my circle of fobby-ish friends here in Las Vegas.  Why?  Cause the food is authentic, reasonably prices, and of high quality.  Also, since we're all fairly Americanized - it's CLEAN.  Other Chinese places may have great food but you wonder if you're gonna be sick the next day or have to guess how many cockroach legs you ate.  Not here baby.That being said, besides the chow fun, fried rice, and honey walnut shrimp I can't say too much about the food cause I'm not a seafood guy.  Friends love the crab, lobster, etc.  Check it out and you won't be disappointed.  My parents don't like many restaurants but did like this one.
2	We were looking for a late night dinner and remembered this restaurant.  We settled on sharing of shrimp in black bean sauce and chicken chow fun which were good, but nothing was exceptional.
3	So I came here with my large family and took over 2 tables the other day.  It has been a year since I came here with my grandma.  I didn't like it then and I don't like it now.  The salted long green beans (dao gote) were, well, salty as heck.  So last week, the food is all Americanized.  Which probably explained all the Americans eating there.  If you like that sweet and sour and shrimp with walnuts and mayo, battered pork chops, and sweet and sour fish filets, then you will probably love this place.  But since most of these items are not really authentic Chinese food, I say stay away.  I like my flounder steamed,  they only deep fry them here.  Come to think of it, I think they even deep fried the tea probably. Ok, overstatement there.The service, however, is very friendly. They speak Mandarin so that leaves me out of the speaking equation.  The place is clean.  You can tell when you go to the restroom and your shoes don't sound like they are glossing over a tar pit. So there you have it.I noticed one of the staff is from KJ's Kitchen which remains my favorite despite their perennial customary Chinese style crappy service.
4	When I walked in all the customers were 100% Asian! I flagged down the female manager and asked about the live lobster weight average and she replied they were between 3 1/2 to 4 lbs Price was $9.99 a lb and I find it strange that they always say your crab or lobster weights 2 1/2, 3 or even 4 lbs. what happened to the ounces on the scale... or do they just round up? The good thing here is that she brought the live lobster to my table for me to check out and the poor lobster was still kicking fresh. Overall the lobster was tasty and delicious, although the sauce mixed with ginger and onion was overly thick - to much corn starch. The other dish of rock cod with veggies was nicely prepared and the veggies weren't over cooked. I saw many people ordering the clay pot dishes and they had many choices to choose from. Service here is typical for a Chinese restaurant waive them down if you need anything otherwise they just ignore you! I'll return to HK Star and check out the clay pots next time.
4	Went here recently and with a large party. I don't think I would enjoy this place as much if I went with just one other person. The benefit was being able to try everything. I liked everything I ate. What really stood out was the roast chicken, salt and pepper pork chops, Hong Kong style pan fried noodles (I think that's what it's called), and I think according to pics I saw on reviews was the choy sum or pea sprouts?? Whatever-it looked like bok choy but with less stem and more leaves. I wish I knew what it was so I could order it on my own next time hahah
3	Yeah, it's definitely one of those places where if you need service, you flag them down. You don't wanna sit there waiting for them to assume you need something.We didn't get any lunch specials or anything because they probably counted it as a holiday (it was July 3rd).My Canto friend ordered us fried rice, this one type of noodles, and this Mongolian Beef that wasn't on the menu. The menu actually has a really yummy taste, but it's just REALLY CHEWY. That was the only bad thing about that dish. Otherwise, it would have been epic.I don't think I'd actually come back to eat here unless it was just convenient and just there in front of me. Maybe I'd have to come back to try the lunch specials once or something, but eh, I don't know.
3	Well the service is just piss poor. I just dont understand why they cant have a conversation with you. A simple "HI" or " More water" would work. Instead you have to ask for everything. Its like they want you to beg for things. On the other hand, the food was decent and cheap. So I wonder if i should even go back to this place. It is a toss up for me.
3	Authentic Chinese food. The restaurant is not clean but the food compensates. Fairly decent and fast service. Brought clients there to eat and they liked it.
1	I have to say that this was one of the worst waiter experiences I have ever had.  I should have known something was up because when my partner and I first walked in we were given a cold stare before being shown to our table (I wonder why this was?)If not for the waiter, I might have given this place 3 stars.  The food was good, though nothing spectacular.  They did have good prices which is why I think my "chicken" noodle in black bean sauce was actually "chicken fat" noodle in black bean sauce.  The taste itself wasn't bad, but I'd rather not eat a piece of chicken with the yellow gelatinous fatty skin hanging off every piece.My partner ordered "chicken" fried rice, but the server heard "shrimp" fried rice (it was sort of tasty though).  The waiter repeated twice what he ordered, the first time I heard him say shrimp, but the second time I could have sworn he said chicken...but alas, what he brought out was "shrimp" fried rice.  My partner jovially said he had ordered the chicken, but would take the shrimp.  The waiter actually seemed offended.  He said "no, you ordered shrimp."  Uhm, ok, I think we know what we ordered...but then he had the nerve to turn away from the table, throw up his hand and wave it while walking away, as if to say he was done with us.  OH HECK NO (neck starting to roll).  My mouth went open and all I could say was, "did you see what he did?"  Never once did we throw 'tude because we received the wrong order...we just pointed out that we had not ordered what was brought out, but would take it anyway.  We should have got up, but we didn't...we were hungry and munched the food unhappily.  The waiter, meanwhile, went to talk about us to another waiter.  I know this, because I was staring right at him.By the time we were done, the "other" waiter passed our table and asked if we were ready for our check.  Yes, please...when I attempted to pay with my debit/credit card, the guy said there was a $25 minimum order.  Uhm, now WTF?  excuse me?  Where was this posted?  Nowhere that I saw...well, I don't carry cash, so I asked, "do you have an ATM?"  No, was the reply...so he took my card and charged me a $0.50 fee because it was under $25.00.Needless to say, I will NEVER go back to this place and I will adamantly stand against it.  There is no excuse for rude service...and if you're going to have a minimum for a card, then post it.
1	Cheap,abundant food of so-so quality. Ambience is very poor. It is dirty and messy. And there is in no real service.  But dirty cheap if that is what you are looking for in a restaurant.
5	I was craving some good Chinese food and I knew that the restaurant scene in LV caters to all of the out-of-town visitors, so I was hoping to find a place like HK.Located in a strip mall in the oriental part of town (Chinatown?), I would not have come here unless it was recommended.  The outside, so often misleading, would lead one to believe this is another mediocre Chinese-American restaurant.  The service was haphazard and spotty, no doubt due to the language barrier and me using my pigeon-talk mixture of the little Cantonese I retained from childhood and simple english.We did get our order in, and in short order the food began to collect on our table.  There was soup, a chicken and corn soup and a shrimp soup, both good as appetizers.  Then, everything from steamed fish (flounder) to fried tofu, walnut shrimp, pot stickers, sauteed baby bok choy, garlic chinese green beans, roast duck, and a clay hot pot (bitter cucumber and ribs)!  Although it was all very good, the crowd I was with really enjoyed the tofu and veggies (green beans and bok choy) above the other dishes. This was a dinner to remember!  At least, until I get to HK, SF or LA!
1	I came in for lunch BC I heard the Won Ton soup here was good here. It was a cold Monday so this sounded good.I got in before noon and was seated asap. I advised the waiter that I wanted a bowl of won ton soup noodles and he asked what size? I said the regular and he advised me it was a small bowl only and suggested large which I agreed on. When my soup arrived it was huge and enough to feed  at least two people. I proceeded to confront the waiter who insisted the smaller bowl was to small.As a waitress passed by I stopped her and asked what size is the bowl of won ton noodle soup and she said it was a double order compared to a regular size! I told her what the waiter had just done and she apologized.  The soup was just average compared to So Cal locations.This waiter was a real asshole for misleading me and I'll never return here again! For an extra $6.00 was it worth losing a customer?
1	I eat here frequently with my in-laws(whom are Chinese), and the food and service is great. However, I just got back from eating dinner there with a friend from out of town that was craving some good authentic chinese food and it was a total disaster. The waiters were not attentive, everyone around us who came in after us got there food before we did, they never came to change our plates or take away plates that were empty, the food wasn't hot and the worst part is they added a 16% gratuity onto our bill.  I asked why was the tip added automatically if it was only 2 of us and the waiter said that's how it is.  I am appalled at how they treat American patrons compared to Chinese patrons.  I am NEVER returning to eat here again and I will no longer be recommending this place to friends.
5	Great place for authentic Chinese food.  Favorites include beef chow fun, Chinese broccoli, and chicken/ginseng soup.  Also, it's worth mentioning that this place is extremely thoughtful and considerate when packing your to-go orders (such as soups).  After dining in, I ordered two soups to go and was pleasantly surprised that the restaurant not only double-bagged the order but also wraped each soup individually to deter leakage.  An A+++ for both the food and service!
4	My favorite lunch specials in Vegas so far,A pot of hot tea is on the table as soon as you get sitted (+1 for that!)Rice is complimentary and decent quality,Prices ranging from $4.95to $6.95 for a plate bigger than other places in Chinatown.Best of the best:  -seafood and tofu clay pot  -salt and pepper rock cod  -stir fried Choy sum with garlicShrimp chow mein are pretty decent, the salt and pepper pork chop have so much flavor but a bit too much on the greasy side for me.Yesterday I tried the hainan steamed chicken for the first time and it's pretty yummy, I wish they would use more ginger and spices but my bf loved it!Will definitely come back again and again!Minus 1 star for the bathroom cleanliness tho
2	How can you call yourself a Hong Kong restaurant if you eighty-sixed a bunch of Cantonese staples at 7 pm on a Friday night?Beef chow fun - "We out of rice noodle?  Try our pan fried noodle!"I also tried to order stir fry clams, which were also out.  Roast duck?  Nope.Seriously, I should've walked out after they shut me down on THREE dishes.  Nope, that would upset my mom and auntie.  So, I had to sit through it and eat other dishes that I didn't care for.  Their tea was horrible - it was full of tiny, flavorless tea leaves.  It was undrinkable.Their food was ok but, their practices were shady.  Telling us they're "out" of certain dishes and pushing other dishes on us.  The server also told my mom they would throw in a complementary dish if we ordered more food.  What a freakin' upsell!  Bad tea?  That is not ok in a Cantonese restaurant, ever.I left this restaurant with a bad taste in my mouth but, it didn't come from the food.  it came from the manner in which we were treated.
3	This is a place I don't mind going to but would never suggest it.  My dad and uncle who are chinese do not like this place.  We are use to rude service so I won't deduct nor add any points for that.Let's get down to business, the food.  I've eaten a lot of chinese food in my life time and this rates as pretty standard.  I do recommend the twice pan fried noodles combination style.  Everything else is just par.  Do not let them talk you into the beef stew.  Where it loses most of it's points is bang for the buck.  You pay too much for what you can get cheaper somewhere else.
3	Being a Hong Kong born, this restaurant sparked my interested when it was first mentioned to me. My uncle took a group of us to the restaurant for lunch, recommending their specials (e.i. the flaunder. 1 lunch order is about $6.25 while the exact same order for dinner would be $24) In addition to any entrees like noodles and fried rice, every table's given a free container of plain white rice. It's not exactly that classy restaurant you'd like to take your friends/visitors to, but for a cheap lunch with fast service, this restaurant represented HK's traditional restaurants pretty well.
4	Well, I go there quite often. One thing I can promise: they are cooking real Cantonese food. Not like some other restaurants, they never cook American Chinese food. Tastes good, tastes traditional.Some dishes I will recommend: Cod Tofu Pot, Roast Peking Duck (2 courses), Plain Chicken, Deep Fry Tofu with Spring Salt and Honey Pork Rib. All taste very good.Inside the restaurant, the light is very enough/ Four big TVs surrounding the dining area, and they are always playing Cantonese songs. If someone's birthday, they also play Happy Birthday. The only problem is their service. Since they are all Chinese servers, if you speak Chinese, they definitely understand. However, some of them are nice and friendly, but some are pretty rude. So don't be mad if the waiter is rude to you.
4	Yes, this is where you want to eat Chinese when in Vegas. First, this place is LEGIT Chinese food.  Its not difficult to find good Thai in Vegas local restaurants, and a case can be made to say the same for Vietnamese, Japanese, & Korean, but Chinese?  That's been the elusive one.  Well, look no further, finally I found it!  I haven't had better since I was in New York.  If you want to have delicious Chinese food and you want to find it in a local restaurant (not inside a pricey casino hotel) then this is THE spot.  The atmosphere was nice, not extravagantly decorated, but pleasant enough.  Most patrons were Asian, I noticed just one other white guy in the place.  Employees did not speak English, other than the names of the plates, but it didn't cause any issues for me.  A nice size kettle of hot tea was immediately brought to the table.  The menu is large, with lots of seafood, and separated into categories by the meat used in the main dish.  There are certainly some strange dishes (snake anyone?) so I stuck to the safe,  tried and true American white guy favorite dishes.  For an appetizer I had Wanton soup.  This came in one size for about eight bucks, but there were around ten large dumplings.  The broth was tasty but not as salty and rich as I would get in the North East, so I had to add soy sauce, but the dumplings were everything I hoped for.  Big chunks of shrimp and meat inside, and no "mystery" items that go "crunch".    I had the Shrimp w/ Cashews for my main course, and it didn't disappoint.  The shrimp were plentiful and large, cooked and cleaned just right.  The vegetables were crisp and fresh.  Lots of cashews, and the sauce was nice.  The white rice was also good, although I was expecting "sticky" rice not "jasmine".  I really couldn't have asked for more from this plate.  To drink I had a "Lucky Buddha Beer", known for its neat green glass bottle shaped like Buddha.  I'm not a die-hard fan of Asian style beers, but this one has become my favorite beer overall recently. Crisp, clean, and refreshing, almost a sweetness.  Total price is moderate.  Its certainly not cheap, but neither is it expensive.  The beer was pricey, but that's to be expected.  It's a nice middle-of-the-road restaurant.  The service was acceptable, but nothing to write home about.  Tea and food came out very quickly, but water is not served unless asked for, and there is not much "checking up", I sat with an empty glass of beer for a long time and was never asked if i wanted another.  There was a slight communication issue when i asked a question about the wanton soup, like I said, no English here.  But the staff was at least friendly, and I've certainly had worse.  Oh and the restaurant hours - on a Thursday night they were open until midnight, with a full menu.  Overall, I have to say this is by far my favorite Chinese restaurant in Vegas so far.  Not that there is much competition.4.5 out of 5
4	Probably one of the best HK food I've had in Vegas. If you're in Vegas and looking for some non-greasy HK food, check this place out!
4	So ever since this place has opened, my family has migrated here from KJ Kitchen. We've gone here for b-days, graduations, christmas, new year, you name it, we did it here.  Honestly, the food is pretty much the same.. still tasty and done Hong Kong style. The main reason we migrated was because KJ was just getting too popular and crowded and service was just getting poor. Since there's a competing restaurant now, I guess the customers are getting spread. The service here is definitely better and they run super super cheap tasty lunch specials. PRO: LUNCH SPECIALS!!!! you'd be a silly goose to go anywhere else!
5	I don't know about $8 lobster, but $33 lobster split 2 ways was phenom! We had surf and turf at $25 each. Top notch. Next time maybe the Duck.
3	My parents absolutely love this place because of great deals during the lunch hours. They have even enticed my aunts and uncles to come here and they actually do on a regular basis. Prices range from 4.99-5.99 offered 11am-4:30pm (I forget if its only on week days, but I know for sure Holidays are excluded). I really like the beef chow fun and we usually order the salt and pepper pork chops. The chow fun is definitely up to par, but I think other Chinese restaurants wip up a better salt and pepper pork. I think it's probably the batter, which is not as crisp as other places.  When I went a few weeks ago we also ordered the Seafood hot pot, mongolian beef, and fried flounder.  All of it was pretty standard and nothing special, but I guess I shouldn't complain because it could be a lot worse.  The fried flounder's batter could also be a little more crisp.  In my parents opinion inexpensive prices is what makes the food taste better. The service is pretty bad, but I guess I'm used to it because most Chinese restaurants tent to forget about customers after they place the food on the table. I also read on other reviews that they try to avoid giving you water, which is true! I've even heard this from my aunt who also comes here regularly.  We were 3/4 done with our meal and no one even checked on us. So finally after waving my hands in the air I was able to ask for water.  I feel like I should give them 4 stars, but after I thought about the bad service and okay food they definitely get a 3 from me!
5	Currently my favorite restaurant in Vegas. Lunch menu is affordable, service is good, food comes out fast. Go between 11-4pm and 9:30pm to midnight. For specials pricing. Try the black bean cod, chinese broccoli and garlic, seafood tofu clay pot...
1	Let me start off with.. TERRIBLE SERVICE! Maybe it's because we came in 40 minutes before they closed, but we made sure it was okay with them. Or we would have gladly went somewhere else (which I wish we did).The entire staff was rude. No greetings. All we got was a "how many?" The waiter kept rushing us to order although we had no idea what we wanted. Never was offered a refill. We were even rushed to pay our bill so they could shut down their computer. Nothing was offered or explained. We had to ask what everything was.It was just a bad experience. From an unfriendly staff to being rushed out. The food was just okay. Nonetheless, I will not be coming back.
3	3 star because of service otherwise it's a 4 star. We waited quite a while before we could actually place our order. So expect a bit of delay in service. Asian place after all.However, food was good and prices were amazingly reasonable. We went there for lunch. They have plenty options for food. Price ranging from $4 something to $6 something. Things we had,- Bitter melon with chicken on Rice: I was just happy to eat bitter melon after years. It's my favorite vegetable. Also, the dish tasted pretty good.- Pork chops with black pepper and salt: It was crunchy and yummy. You know how deep fried stuffs are usually good?-A whole deep fried flounder fish: For $6 and few cents, that was a huge fish. Nicely battered and crunchy!Portions were pretty generous. And after all that, our bill was under $20. It's a nice lunch hub people!
4	A grumpy old lady to greet you and seat you, check.A busser that does not want to be there, check.A server that doesnt even know you are there, check.You are in a chinese restaurant alright. If you are thinking that you pay all those money to go to a restaurant for service, then do not go to real chinese restaurant. This people run the restaurant like its open in Hong Kong. Come here just for the price and the food. Flag if you need anything, dont complain too much and your food should be just fine.If I rate this restaurant for its service and stuff, three is max. But to me, a restaurant main selling point is the food. If the food quality is top notch, I will come back. The extra star is for economical price. Anytime you can get a nice fried flounder for $6.95 is ok with me.
4	My family and I recently came here for Father's Day. Apparently they have been running a special that prints in the Vietnamese newspaper; party of 4 that spend more than $38 has an option of choosing between soy sauce duck or chicken, pnarty of 7 or more gets two free dishes. We did not inquire about what dishes because there was only four of us. By the time we finished ordering, we had surpassed the $38 mark and secured the duck. It is easy to ring up the bill.We ended up with:Hot & Sour Soup- It was unremarkable because it was neither spicy nor tangy. This soup is suppose to have very bold flavors and nothing really stood out.Mandarin Pork Chops- Large meaty pieces in a balanced sauce. It was not too sweet nor tangy and was crispy.Salt & Pepper Squid- This is my sister's favorite dish. It was golden brown and a generous portion. A little too salty for me, I ended up eating half a bowl of rice with each piece. Rock Cod in Black Bean Sauce- A family favorite and it did not disappoint.Seafood Chow Fun- I have had better. A decent amount of fish fillets, scallops, squid, and shrimp.Complimentary Duck- Came out on a bed of peanuts. It was delicious and surpassed our expectation. Definitely better than the soup and chow fun.Complimentary Mung Bean and Tapioca Dessert- It is served warm and reminded my family of our favorite Vietnamese dessert. It is made in a similar fashion to the Vietnamese style as well. It is less soupy and thicker.Overall the dinner was very enjoyable. Much like a few of the other Asian restaurants in Chinatown, they run a reverse happy hour deal where they cut the prices on their dishes. I must find out when now.
4	Best HL style Chinese in Vegas.  China Mama is good too, but this place has a better menu and better servers. Love the tofu and eggplant.
4	Delicious Chinese food.  Clean environment.  Very reasonable prices.  We dined on yummy treats like my favorites chinese broccoli and eggplant.  We also had some delicious fish!  I can't remember everything but I can remember that everything was really delicious!  8 of us dined and our bill was something like $78.  Wow! That's reasonable.  We will definitely go back when we have a hankering for Chinese.  It is in a really crappy strip mall and you would easily pass it by.  However, the inside is nice and tidy and the food is good!
1	Went there last nite. Have been there before. In order to order lobster dinner you had to order A main course. this is the first time we were told this.  Lobsters were 995 a pound. They only had 4-5 lb lobsters that's $45. Plus a mAin dish $12. That's a joke. Not even told this on menu or a sign. We ordered two lobster dishes one was 4.5 lbs and other was 4lbs. when the bill came we were charged for 2.  5 lb lobsters. $90 and 4 main dishes $48 tha total was $138 without drinks. CHECk your bill they are not nice
4	HK Star has very good Chinese food. My extended family comes here often. The food is very good and inexpensive. Only complaint on the food is with the clay pots. Don't expect much if you order something that needs a long cooking time. Two dishes that we always order are the salt and pepper shrimp and salt and pepper pork.  Everything we have ordered has been good except for a clay pot(this particular dish needs a couple hours to cook not 30 min). HK Star has a bad rap on here because people always complain about service, to those that complain about service this is a restaurant, not a day care. Waiters are not supposed to spoon feed you.  highlight of  of Pros of HK Star:plenty of parking plenty of tablesgood for big groups inexpensive , tasty, authentic food, this is not a panda expressfree soup before and after your meal, non Asians will probably not like the dessert soup and will find it strange good servicebar with Asian importsnot a long wait time for foodrestaurant is cleancan't think of any more comments at the moment
4	Their food tastes really good! However, their food had too many sauce in it. Less sauce will make it five stars. Asian restaurants rarely please me and this one was decent, so I give it a four.
4	Very good food and very reasonable prices make HK Star a solid choice. Restaurant is very clean, and although the help can be indifferent, we have never encountered bad service. Just be aggressive and flag your server down if you need something. At 6,426 people per km2, Hong Kong boasts the most densely populated urban center in the world. I know we are in Vegas, but old habits are hard to break. Salt and Pepper Rock Cod was delicious, as was the Beef Chow Fun. Clay Pot Tofu was very tasty. My wife especially liked the String Beans with Beef in XO sauce.  Add a couple of soft drinks and we were out the door for $30.
1	I decided to take my father in law to this establishment. My father is a 6 foot 5 guy and you cant really miss him. The restaurant was packed and we were waiting for a table. This other family comes in after us while we waited for 10 minutes and cuts us. They were immediately sitted and that ticked me off. Then to make matters worst, the restaurant tried to sit us in the corner where the table was flush to the wall. and the opposite side to the wall was another table. There were 3 of us, the table already close to the wall/ corner of the room. How do you expect to fit 3 people ( one being a huge person) in that area. We didnt even sit down, we left to go eat at another place. I would avoid this place if you dont speak the language, apparently they give priority to others.
5	Great food and services. Very busy, yet very organized. Speedy services. Fresh out of oven roast duck, yummy!
4	Really good cantonese style chinese food.  If your total is over $35 they give you a dish for free and soup too.  So come and eat a family style and check out some authentic chinese food.  I would recommend coming when it's not too busy because service can be undermanned at times.
5	This is the ONLY place I know that offers "lunch special prices" on dinner time (9:30pm). And GREAT FOOD. Two thumbs UP HK star!
4	Tried for first time today.went for lunch, had salt and pepper pork chops and Mongolian beef.salt and pepper pork chops were very good because mostly all meat pieces maybe needed a little more salt but very good, Mongolian beef very good.Very good price for lunch special.highly recommend HK Star
3	CHEAP but during lunch time. This is my parents' favorite Chinese restaurant and I'll have to say that it's not bad. The Chinese brocolli is delicious and so is their spicy eggplant. After giving up pork about a year ago, I will have to say that I allow myself to indulge in the salt & pepper pork chops. Although a bit bony (caution: you may bite into a shard of bone here and there), they are perfectly garlicy and peppery with enough crunch. The service is not great by any means: inattentive, feeling pressured when ordering, never come back to check on our party or to refill tea/water. They're only friendly when we're with my parents because they're regulars.
5	Looking for some Hong Kong/Chinese food?HK Star is definitely one of the must-try places for Chinese food in Vegas. There is crowds on special holidays and etc. and sometimes they will take away their lunch special menu during those peak times. They do have a special lunch menu, so if they don't give you one, be sure to ask! The price is reasonable, especially the lunch menu. You can get an entire fried fish (my favorite) with the side of a spiced soy sauce for $7. Also, their XO string bean is very good! I get so addicted to them.However, the food is very consistent every time and the quality of the food is decent. The restaurant itself is pretty clean which is the first star. The service is quick and the food gets to you quick even during rushes is for the second star. The third star is the quality of the food. It never is too salty or too sweet 90% of the time. The fourth is for authenticity. They do have menus items that cater to more Americanized cuisine, but they also have very authentic HK-stylie food. Lastly, fifth star is because I've always come here for Chinese food nowadays and the food is still good.
5	I cant thank enough the wonderful staff of HK star to accomodate my party of 15 poeple on a week night, at the last minute wihout a reservation on top of that... It was Chris' s bday night and after the harsh task of getting ALL the relatives toguether, I was able to seat back, relax and enjoy an outstandind meal at a price very easy on my wallet.Every dishes were wonderful, every taste in our group were pleased but I am not able to list the 18 to 20 diferent dish on our menu... On top of my head: war won ton soup, salt n pepper shrimps, salt n pepper cod, salt n pepper calamari, salt n pepper pork shops, seafood n tofu claypot, chinese brocolis, mustard greens, shrimp fried rice, roast duck, filet mignon cube, mongolian beef, sea bass with black bean sauce and much more than what I cant recall at this time!Our waiter was funny, helpfull, patient with the children and kind to the ederly person in our party.Thank you, thank you HK star, we will come back very soon to enjoy your great food and wonderful dinner service!
4	Good food, right up there with KJ Kitchen and no long wait.lunch special pricing up till 4:30pm.check this place out.
2	Me and my family comes here for great food, and that's what you'll get when you come to HK Star! It would've been a 5 star if it was the food alone. This place lacks atmosphere, and there is no signs of customer service anywhere. The servers are rude, the chefs will occasionally get your orders wrong, and the manager won't even greet you at the door, whether he's there or not. I like the food here, but I'm going to eat here less often because the servers suck at service. At least they should give you water and refills without you having to ask them.
3	The food is acceptable but not worth for more than 3 stars.  The price is reasonable.  Waiters are nice and friendly.  The worst is the owner.  He is very rude.  He didn't let me look at the menu unless I sat down.  Spoke English to me by using his Chinese-English.  If I am not a Chinese, I won't understand him.  He also turned the TV very loud on a Chinese news channel.  There were other Ethnic groups dinning at the restaurant.  I don't think they appreciated the loud TV noise.
1	Probably 1 of the top 3 worst dining experiences in my life was here at HK Star. We were the only table being sat at the restaurant. The server failed to listen to what I requested and put in an order on what he felt like hearing ( like typical old fashioned asian men do ). He never brought us water throughout the ENTIRE MEAL. Never once checked on us to see if we were ok or if we wanted water. The request I made on the dish I ordered wasn't fulfilled and he did not clarify with me before putting in the order if he was going to honor my request. ( I asked for broccoli in my chicken dish and specifically told him I would pay extra for it). At the end of the meal, I was not happy with the service and the dish that didn't come out properly. I told him I preferred not paying for the chicken dish since I did not touch it. Manager comes out and says he can not take it off the bill and that the dish is made the same way for 8 years. I told him I don't care how long the dish was made, I made a request and the server gave me no clarification on it being fulfilled or not and never came back to check on us or even give us water for our meal. Manager then says that I could have requested to change the order and I asked him how? when no one came over to check on us? I paid for the dish that I didn't touch and told him that I would not be coming back. If a server can't even provide proper service to 1 table, he should not be employed and managers are willing to lose a possible return customer over 9 dollars is plain stupid.
4	For full disclosure, I am not crazy about Chinese food. We've been here a few times and the food has been reliably good. It has the normal busy family-style Chinese restaurant atmosphere with the  big round tables. Must trys are the ginger and scallion baked lobster, walnut shrimp, salt and pepper pork chop and pan-fried flounder. Also liked the salted fish fried rice. This place is good for big groups and they have weekday lunch specials.
1	I am not sure why people are giving this place a good review.I ate at lunch today and service was horrible, no one entertained to get us a chair until a server 15 mins later noticed us.Service is horrible here, it took me awhile to get my water, servers gave us plastic fork because they said utensils is being washed. Really? Everyone uses chopsticks here.I felt like if you aren't not in the Asian race they would not care for u, notice a group that came after we sat and the servers were   attentive to their orders.Food is good no doubt I love them for that, and preferable to eat during dinner when the owner or manager is in. The servers act like a bunch of monkeys today without a trainer by there side.
3	2nd time coming here. My mom likes this place because of the lunch special. I like the orange chicken and fried rice. We've also ordered vegetables, pork, and beef plates. I really dislike the service. I wouldn't go if it wasn't for my mom. Every time we come here the employees are all eating lunch so we have to wait longer for food. Our 2nd visit was at 3pm. I really want to give 2 stars but the food and price are decent.
4	Came here at lunch time with family on a Sunday and the place was pretty empty (though I hear that it's super packed at night).  Lunch time prices are around half of dinner prices.  Food was great given the price, ranging from $5 -$14 for entrees.  Service was fast, generally.  You could tell that food was cooked fast here--quality a bit compromised (bok choy and fried squid were a bit salty and the roasted duck was a bit dry), but for lunch time prices, I wouldn't complain too much.  Chow fun and fried flounder were excellent!For a quick, cheap, yet delicious sit-down lunch time dining experience near Chinatown, this place is a good, safe choice.
4	Come for the cheap, tasty lunch and late night dining specials. Don't expect friendly smiles or service. Order the salt and pepper pork chops, string beans, crispy chow mein, and tofu hot pot. Leave happily stuffed and repeat.
4	I always come here for cheap chinese food whenever I pay Vegas a visit. It's a good meal to have right before the long drive back to LA! 4 star for the quality of food that match up with it's price. Customer Service isn't so bad, the waitresses that work there are all really nice. They never disappoint when I visit. I'd come back again! This place is my go-to chinese restaurant!
5	I always eat here when I come to Vegas. Service is fast and friendly, food is awesome!! What else can I say....
4	Salt n Pepper pork / Chow Fun / Honey Walnut Prawns / War Wonton Soupwas ordered and good for 4 people......this was dinner but i heard you get better deals at lunch.....would recommend to any one hungry for chinese food....good service...always attentative when need more tea or water........
4	One of Las Vegas' best Chinese kitchen's  The Hong Kong & Taiwan music videos only add to the 'flavor'.  Try the frogs legs!
1	I gotta say they have the worst service in town!!! I went there with my friends yesterday for CNY dinner. We had to wait a long time for each of dish that we ordered to come out. Not only the wait of the dish, they even forgot the food that we order till we finish the dinner of the day!!! They even forgot the water that we asked as well. Worst thing is, by the time we paid, THEY CHASED US FOR MORE TIPS!!!!! Yes, you heard me right!! They literally came up to us and ask us for more tip FOR THEIR POOR SERVICE EVEN WITHOUT ANY APOLOGIES FOR THEIR  NEGLIGENCE ! I swear to god I'm not coming back here ever again.
1	worst service ever I had experience. had seated at chair for so long no one was even coming to check. Last, do not ever let server recommend something your check will be horrible. I had order a whole duck and a live fish to be cooked. Three people was just enough to eat no more stuff left. My check was $180 I was shock. I mean they are not even a restaurant at strip also their food was not even good as to pay for a round hundred. One more thing was they also add the tips even my table was not more than five. A restaurant with horrible service and no laws no more to say just don't go here
3	From the other chinese restaurants I went to, the food is alright. Not as flavorful.
4	Authentic Chinese food. Excellent lunch special dishes. I like their Hong Kong style pan fried noodles.... Awesome. The food comes out hot and it seems fresh.The only thing I do not like about this place is that service is hit or miss. It's difficult to flag down a server or a bus boy. It seems like they never have enough staff whenever we dine there. Minus 1 star for thhat.Everything else is reasonably priced.
1	NEVER AGAIN!!!! I can stand the poor service and had put up with it several times because the food was decent for local Chinese restaurant.  But will not tolerate if I get food poisoned and be sick for 5 days! After research and doctors visits it turned out to be norovirus, or Norwalk Virus!! Enough said!! Eat at your own risk people!!
4	The house specials of Fried Rice and Noodles were very delicious as were the salt n pepper pork chops but I wasn't too big of a fan of the flounder that we ordered.  The restaurant is very active and there are some things on the menu that I'm not sure that I will ever order.  The only bad thing I don't like is that parking lot.
1	I don't recomend this restaurant; poor service, no customer service they don't give you water unless you ask for it, and when about time to pay and were waiting for our change and waiting and waiting they ignore us to give our change until we just left the restaurant. SMH
5	Yessiree! This place is pretty darn good!  Close to home as I can imagine. If you are for the west coast and likey 2nd or 3rd generation Cantonese food then this place is the place to go  if you are from Hong Kong or more of the Panda or PF Chang style of Chinese food then this may not be a five star event for you. First look- I first checked if they have tanks to hold fresh seafood and fish. They do so that was a great sign. Now I decided not to order a fish from here due to the cost but good to know that they have fresh live fish. Next check was to see if they have real home style soup. The plain broth with some mustard greens and beef bones. Yep they had several choices so I was felling darn good. I did not order a soup due to this being lunch and I was going for the big entree test today. My time tested entree test:Bitter Melon with beef-  the butter melon was sliced thin and the beef was also thinly sliced. Nice flavor and just the right amount if black bean sauce. I love bitter melon and it had to be al dente to be right and this was just about perfect. Steamed pork with salted fish-  this brought back the home cooking from my mom and grandma. I love the flavor of the pork steamed and even the juices. The salted fish on top added a nice flavor. Steamed flounder - this was about as good as it gets. The fish had the best juicy flavor when steamed with a bit of scallion and green onions. The bone came off easily and the meat was firm. I normally order  a Rock Cod but did not want to pay he big bucks. 19.95 for steamed flounder was just right. Chinese broccoli with oyster sauce- my go to favorite but alas the kids ate so much of this so quickly that I only had a bit of a taste. Crispy and crunchy with just the right amount if oyster sauce for a subtle salty flavor. Curry Chicken -  love this dish and here the curry was the right spice and consistency. I was a bit dialed that here was not enough chicken or potatoes yet this was still a great dish. Chicken with green onion. - this is my all time favorite dish. Simply prepared chicken on the bone and cut up with a sauce made of minced scallions. We ordered a full order vs. half due to wanting to have some for home later. To me, this is very home style authentic west coast cantonese food.  I really enjoy this place. So based on all my favorite food items, this place I consider to be top notch in my book. GK says check it out!
4	I had dinner here on a recent Saturday night with the BFF and her family.  Tip:  it's always a good idea to eat Chinese food with people who are actually Chinese because you don't have to worry about what to order.  I didn't even look at the menu because I trusted that whatever came out of the kitchen would be fine with me and it was!  We came here mainly for the lobster, but also had the French Cut beef with mushrooms, tofu with bamboo shoots, and pea sprouts with garlic.  Everything was tasty, but I especially liked the beef dish. I'm no Chinese food expert, but I dined with some and it was a very enjoyable experience overall; I'd definitely come back for more.  Xie xie!
4	Great food and inexpensive... Highly recommended to anyone who enjoy eating traditional Chinese food.....
1	My bad for not writing this review sometime during the past 3 years when this was my "go to" Chinese restaurant in Vegas.  While the service was sometimes spotty, the food was always good.Unfortunately, they've now reached the point where the service is VERY poor and the food is inconsistent leaning towards bad.  I was forced to actually complain about the crab I ordered since it was totally inedible.  And what was the waiter and owner's response....nothing!  They ignored me, and would not even come back over to my table.  They finally sent another waiter over with my check.  No offer of a replacement dish, no discount, nothing.I used to eat here 1-2 times a week and most of the waiters and the owner all know me.  I always tipped well and never complained about a single dish.  This was the 2nd time in 3 days I ate here and the last time the crab was slightly undercooked too.I can no longer recommend this restaurant and will not return!
5	We came here for lunch and got three things - beef with green beans, salt and pepper rock cod, and Hong Kong style shredded pork noodles.  All were super delish.  We liked how like the cod was and the salt & pepper with jalapenos gave it nice flavor.  The green beans were cooked just right, though, I wish the beef was sliced thinner.I don't really know the name of the noodle dish in English, so I'm guessing what I called it is probably close.  These were lunch portions and were reasonably priced.It's actually right across the stress from where we had Vietnamese the other day and I liked this meal much better.  They gave a type of soup that was like a pork & chicken broth as a pre meal cursor.Service was fine - no rudeness nor super friendly, just average.  And for me, since there was no rudeness, I would give it 5 stars for being Chinese.  The restaurant didn't have a lot of people when we went because it was before noon.  The food came quickly and the place clean.
4	Even tho the service is not that great the food makes it up for it! The food are tasty and cheap! I always go there after work
1	My wife and I were fortunate to dine hear before the crowd arrived. As I mentioned in my review of China Mama, this center is super busy, and the greatest accomplishment is finding a parking space.When we walked in, there was a group of Chinese businessmen in suits, sitting at a large corner table. It almost looked like a scene from an old movie, where the Chinese Mob was planning something in San Francisco.That was the highlight of this visit. The bottom line is simple: The prices were on the high side for this type of food, and the quality just wasn't worth it. From the hot and sour soup, to the entree and side dishes we ordered, it seemed no better than a "hole in the wall" take out, that re-heats its left overs.We were not only disappointed with the food, but the service was less than friendly.My friend, Phillip gave this place 5 stars 5 years ago. It must have changed owners, and the new owner is cutting corners to pay for the place. I will agree with Dave R, and his review. It's worth reading.  If you have the good fortune of finding a parking space in this center, continue your good fortune, stay away from this place, and walk over to Q Bistro. Your wallet, and your sense of good taste will thank you!
4	The services always good, i guess we been here so many times the owner/manager know who we're. Always brought out the condiments the way we like it even before we asked. The food, sometime it's really really good, and then there are time it's too greasy! i guess it's depending on which chef was cooking when we're there? that's explained why i took back a star. But overall, it's a pretty good Cantonese restaurant, you can't get anymore Cantonese than Cantonese DVD Kareoke playing on all 4 flat screens!
1	Restaurant was closed down 8/14/14 by the Southern Nevada Health Districthttp://m.vegas.eater.com/archives/2014/08/21/snhd-shuts-down-hk-star-for-imminent-health-hazard.php
4	I ate here last night with my family for the first time in years.  The reason why we came here was my fond memories of the place from back then.We arrived at dinner time.  Surprisingly, the restaurant was not crowded, but more people arrived as time passed.The food was good, but nothing to rave about.  The waiter got our order wrong though.  One of the dishes we ordered was Rock Cod with Salt & Pepper, but instead he got us Salt & Pepper Pork Chop.  The only reason I didn't fume about this is because my family and I like the pork chop dish as well, so we just let it slide.A good point is that since we ordered Wonton Noodle Soup, the waiter actually poured soup, noodles, and a wonton into each of the 4 bowls.  I'm not sure if it's customary for the waiters to do that at the Chinese restaurants (despite my frequenting of many Chinese places), but I thought it was good customer service.He also spoke some Tagalog with us to break the ice.  I was impressed.The waiters also speak English, which is not always the case at other Chinese restaurants.Also, when we finished our entire container of white rice, they delivered another full container.  Yes, we eat that much rice.My only complaint is that they never bothered to refill our cups of water, but this is pretty common in Chinese restaurants so I can't really dock them for that.I would eat at this place again.  However, I'd be more careful when ordering so that the waiter doesn't get it wrong next time.
4	good tasting chinese food. they have a huge selection of lunch specials between 5- 10 $ . everything we ordered tasted good .  rice here is free , you can eat all you want
4	Came in for dinner after experiencing LA Reve. I was reluctant after my last experience  here at lunch but I was craving seafood. It was a Tuesday evening so the parking lot wasn't crazy like a weekend.They were running a special  - purchase 3 entrees and get lobster for $10.00 a pound. Ended up ordering clams with basil, rock cod stir fried with Chinese veggies, Mongolian beef and lobster with green onions and ginger. All the seafood was fresh tasting and solid (They brought me the lobsters live to approve). My least favorite was the Mongolian beef which was spicy to my surprise. The waiter who was a younger Vietnamese gent spoke perfect English and was funny conical but was on the spot with service. What a difference compared to my last visit.Overall a enjoyable solid meal for less then half a La Reeve show ticket!
3	Good food. Dont expect much service from them, not even on a not-busy night. Tje waiters were chatting with each other and with friends, tje table next to ours had to hunt them down for sauce and bill. We had empty glasses of soda and water all night long. The waiters are too comfortable working here. Owners need to be aware.
3	Service was very good.  I was a little confused by their menu, but the waiter explained it to me.  I was quite pleased with the food.  Much better than expected for the location (in a strip center).
3	This is a large Chinese restaurant. They are known for their seafood. My being a seafood hater was a bit displeased but I was here on a family event.I got pea shoots and Szechuan pork. Both dishes were pretty good. The pork dish had a little too many onions though.There was a lot of crab, lobster, and fish but I didn't eat any of it. There was a slight debacle where they charged us $1 per person for rice, which was something they haven't done before. We didn't even ask for rice; they handed us rice and didn't tell us about the charge. After some complaining we got the $8 fee waived (ridiculous since a bag of rice that feeds like 30 people is $8).
4	I've been coming to HK Star for several years, since they opened, whenever I'm in Las Vegas, which on average 5 times yearly. I have always enjoyed their original Cantonese style of cooking. One of my faves is the live lobster which they always have on special at $9.95 a pound, cooked with ginger and green onions. I love their steamed tofu stuffed with shrimp. Their fried live Dungeness crab is always excellent. There is so much more I have had and need to try more. Only on rare occasions I have been disappointed here.
1	Travelers, beware of this restaurant. It's very likely you will be cheated. Check each item on your bill very carefully before you pay.We ordered live seafood from their tanks, which they then cook for us. When we finished our dinner, they gave us our bill. They overcharged us by about $70 on one dish. (This item they rectified and changed the amount after we disputed it.) They also charged us $5 for some salt and pepper condiment dish - which we never ordered nor got - unfortunately we didn't notice this item until we were back at our hotel. The portions on the dishes are ridiculously small and the meat dishes had more vegetables than meat. Don't be surprised if you're hungry shortly after having a meal here, though you have spent a small fortune!  There are much better restaurants nearby that give you better value. Don't waste your money here.
4	I ordered seafood chowfun, schreaded  chicken with eggplant in garlic  sauce , and shrimp  fried rice,  All these dishes were delicious and we're very generous  portions, so I do recommend  this chinese  restaurant. You will not be disappointed .
2	I have one huge complaint but let me start this with a good tone. Food was fairly good. Ordered seafood soup, calamari, snow pea leaves, roasted half chicken, and house special pan fried noodles. The food was tasty and seemed satisfying. The waiter was very patient and courteous to us. But what really turned me off about the place was the lack of CLEANLINESS. As I sat down, I noticed that the chopsticks had piece of a previous meal on it. Next, we found crab shells in our calamari. Finally, to top it off, we found a long strand of hair in our snow pea leaves. Like they say in baseball, "three strikes and you are out". In our case, we walked out. Not recommending this place and not planning to eat here again. TONS of other Chinese places that have better food AND cleanliness.
