1	Forever 21 is one of those annoying stores which is too crowded with cheap junk.  If you have the time and the patience to dig through piles of crap you can find some cute treasures but they won't necessarily last long.  The fabrics aren't high quality so they rip easily.  Everything here is super cheap though so it 's no big deal.  They do a lot of copycatting which has landed them in court with several designers.At home I discovered John 3:16 printed twice on the bottom of the bag.  The same verse that appears on the bottom of In-N-OUT cups.  The King James Version is "For God so loved the world, that He gave His only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in Him shall not perish, but have everlasting life."  I found this quote very exclusionary.  It don't need a store shoving their values in my face.  Why don't they just print "Attention all non believers; you're going to hell" on my bag.  Oh wait, I guess they did.
3	Another small ass Forever 21, last time I came here looking for black shorts and none even existed.  But the year before when I was here, I found a cute black dress, so I can't completely hate on them!
1	One of the smallest and worst Forever 21's I've ever been to.  You would think that since it's located in Las Vegas (a sort of fashionable, shopping area in the U.S.A.), this F21 would have cute/fashionable clothes that keep up with the trends.Um, I THINK NOT!  Even the one at my local mall has cuter clothes and much more organized.  Ugh.  This place is a disgrace to the F21 name, as if the name didn't suck already.
5	Love Love Love forever 21  It was the official grand opening in the Fashion Show mall in Las Vegas July 24, 2010.OMG, WOW, Overwhelming, enormous and massive are words that come to mind. Did I say gargantuan?The new location is 2 levels and 124,000 sq feet and not crowded. Except for the crowds of customers shopping.They did a tremendous job, the store looks impressive!Starting with the visuals - the windows were dazzling and all the displays and mannequins thru out the store were brilliant. Lots of glitter and gold! If mannequins could talk they were shouting "buy me", "be me", "stare at me"!The layout of the store is easy to shop they have all their different labels divided into sections. Sort of like stores within a store. Be sure to check out the new Kids section. They now carry Men's, maternity, faith 21[extended sizes] at this location. As well as the usual Heritage [vintage], love 21, twelve by twelve [couture line] and they have a shoe + accessories section.Don't worry about waiting for a change room; they have one in every corner of the store. With lots of rooms in each one. All the change rooms have mirrors inside and hooks to hang up your 6 room limit. Lots of friendly staff hanging outside the change rooms trying to hang up the clothes you don't want to put back on the racks. I felt a little bad for them they literally had heaps on the floor to hang up and put back on the already overflowing  go back racks.Tip #1. Best place to shop is the go back racksTip #2. If you couldn't find something you were looking for keep looking or go back the next day because it could materialize.Tip # 3. Set aside a minimum of 3 hours- you will need this time to walk thru and peruse .Tip #4. Why waste  valuable shopping time  Take it home and try it on. Please see store policy below.Facts + Quotes ,As I was told by the staff1.     Question. How large is this store? Answers. 1.20,000 sq feet- 2. 31,0000 3.  34,000  4. very large 5. bigger then Macy's2.      Question. Why is the section called "twelve by twelve"? Answer. 1. HUH? 2. I don't know 3.  not sure 4. it's our couture line3.    Fact:    It is the largest forever 21 store in the world.4.      Fact: The location  used to be Lord & Taylor department store5.      Quote: It took over 1 week to merchandise including  many sleepless nights.6.   Quote: "You can buy everything the mannequin's wearing, except the wigs. We don't sell those"7.  Fact: This store will create 650 full time and part time jobs.8.  Fact: The store has 36 cash registers 136 change rooms  and in fact the store is 126,000 sq feetCongratulations, wishing you much success forever 21. I will visit you often. I will still got to the Meadows Mall location and for a quick fix Boulevard Mall. Sometimes, not often I don't have 3 hours allotted for one store.Store policy:  Exchange or store credit is allowed within 21 days of store purchase with original receipt and tags attached. Merchandise must be unwashed, unworn and undamaged for exchange or store credit. Sale merchandise and  jewelry are all FINAL sale and cannot be returned for exchange or store credit. Unless required by law, store credit and gift card are not redeemable for cash or transferable and cannot be replaced if lost or stolen. There are NO cash refunds or credit back to credit/debit cards. [ This is what it states on the receipt]. I wish the policy was 21 days for exchange or refund. It would be easier to shop for clients and take stuff home on approval instead of getting stuck with a gift card.Note: square foot age and facts by staff could possibly be inaccurate. Joey Garr http://www.vegaspersonalshopper.com/forever-21-store-review/
5	Forever 21, you FOREVER have a place in this girl's heart! This review is for the new store that was opened just recently. The first reviews listed are for the old location.I have been to one of the larger locations in San Fransisco but this place tops it! It took forever just to walk around and I wasn't really going through all the racks. There is quite a selection so ladies, make sure you have your walking shoes, a shopping purse (ones that sling over you so you have access to TWO HANDS!), and a large FOREVER 21 shopping bag to place all your new purchases in! There is a dressing room in every corner so you'll easily find one and the staff is pretty friendly. I did bump into a couple that seemed unhappy such as a girl who asked me for the time (obviously, she was counting down the minutes till she was off of work!).The selection of clothes is fantastic. You will definitely come out of the store with something. They do have a smaller section for kids and men. I didn't have a chance to really check it out but from the looks of it, they have some nice clothes in there.I'll be sure to visit you gigantic forever 21 whenever i'm in town.
3	The new store is department store size. It's great when you're just shopping around, but in the case of why I was shopping, a big store is a big mistake.I was going for a 80's look for our Yelp Elite event and when you're looking for specifics, this was kinda a bitch to navigate. There was a lot of dressing rooms, but some are packed more than others so keep in mind to keep an eye on empty ones. One room upstairs I waited quite a long line, but a downstairs one in the back had no line. I also found some items on the dressing room rack or just out of place on a random rack not in my size and I pulled them off to ask employees where would that item be.....I got really general areas like "thats somewhere upstairs...I think" , " I think that dress is somewhere downstairs in the back" so it was fruitless trying to go about it that way. I also had one girl ask me if I needed help with finding anything so I said "I am looking for a 80's outfit for a party"....All I got was a "Oh" and she walked off and greeted another customer...WTF? Don't ask and not say anything when I reply. She could have honestly said that she doesn't know what would be considered 80's and that she can't help with that.  I would appreciate her honesty rather than just walking away and being rude.  I ended up going through the ENTIRE place with bags full of clothes to try and unfortunately none worked. Out of the entire place, I couldnt find the outfit I needed and felt SOL for my costume. It's very frustrating. I got a headband. That was it. I will come back when I don't need anything specific and am just browsing for myself. It might be a while....I was really irritated when I left.
5	This store is the biggest Forever 21 in the world and is department store sized.  The store is 2 story and split into sections by category and/or individual line.  There's something for every style and it even has men's and kid's section.  Forever 21 has so many great lines that it's nearly impossible to not find what you're looking for, especially in this ENORMOUS megastore!Yes, it will take you a wee bit longer to look around at everything, but I guarantee you won't leave the store empty handed.
5	OMG! Biggest Forever 21 in the WORLD! Holy cow! So I've been to the previous store in this mall and it was extremely tiny. I came here with my friend a few weeks ago and I was amazed!! It was HUGE! It is humongous because it used to be a mens Macy's. I was so overwhelmed that I didn't know where to begin! This is like every girl's dream. You could practically spend the whole day shopping in here! I must come back to this store the next time I'm in Vegas!
2	Perhaps my expectations for the newest, largest Forever 21 were too high? It's not like I am a regular shopper of Forever 21. While they are cheap, the clothing isn't really my style and the quality is lacking. I prefer clothing that does not fall apart after a couple washes!I recently went shopping at Fashion Show Mall with a friend. We were both in need of an outfit to wear for a special event we were going to be attending. I had found my dress at another store, but was still in need of shoes and accessories. I really wanted to find inexpensive things because the chance that I would be wearing them again was rather slim. My shopping partner also need specific things.. like a fairly inexpensive white dress worthy of wearing to a club. We enter the new Forever 21, which is 2 story and department store size. A friendly employee greeted us immediately and offered us a bag. We declined and asked where we could find white dresses. The employee waved her hand toward the back of the store and said we would find the club wear in the very back. Sadly we were unable to find any suitable dresses in white. Strike #1.On to the next item on our shopping list - Gold shoes. The shoe department is where I started to get discouraged. For a two story, 120,000+ square foot store, the shoe selection was woefully small. Strike #2.It was take to take a peek at the accessories and see if there was anything we could possibly use for our outfits. I was looking for a specific style of headband, as well as a gold belt. Again, no luck at all. Strike #3. We're out.
2	Okay, like the saying goes... bigger is not always better.This is a freeeeaaakkiiiiiinnnnn' GINORMOUS store. I went here to meet two of my friends, and boy... was this a fun time looking for them, NOT. The music is pretty loud, so you can't hear your cellphone ring.I saw about a hundred associates "working" there... a.k.a. walking around aimlessly, taking the escalator up &down, talking to each other. I think only one person actually asked if i needed help in the whole 2 hours I was there. She was helpful and pointed me in the direction of the shoe section.There is a lot of clothing being double- or even triple-shown. There's actually not that much selection, just a lot of the same stuff. I don't care much for Forever21 anyway, because the quality just doesn't meet my expectations... I could probably find some pieces in Chinatown with a lot more detail for about the same price and comparable quality. Big ups for having a bathroom inside the store though.. well, obviously, it was the old Macy's...but Lord knows, girls and their bladders just don't hold up like mens' do.
4	OOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHH MMMMMMMMMMMYYYYYYYYY.ok even the actual forever 21 sign outside is ginormous !!!!!!I believe it's 120,000 sq ft. if you want to size it up...the cashier told me theres over 700 employees there.If you live in Northern California ...the great mall location is only 33,000 sq ft. WOOWW+1 for being ginormous = a lot of selection+1 for having all the f21 lines+1 for having associates everywhere!+1 for the the store being fairly neat and orderly-1 for associates not knowign where a lot was -- somewhat understandable.forever 21 is the go to spot for disposable clothing.This place was awesome because I was so excited and there was soo much to look at.Options were endless. Now i can walk down the street and probably see 50 people wearing the same top as me.
2	It's so big...I got lost and spent 5 minutes on the phone with my sister trying to find her again..womp womp wompSelection is huge, but for some reason I couldn't find anything I wanted. Big store also equals lots of people. No bueno. It's not retail THERAPY if you're getting pissed off that the chick to your left who just took the last Small of the bikini top you wanted. It was a sad day. As for staff, you got a ton of them, but yet when you're looking for something and need their help...they're nowhere to be found, it's like they know when you need em and they run and hide. One plus aside from being so big and spacious: I love love love their jeweleries, such a huge selection of rings...I couldn't decide, so I got a ring for each finger..not really, but I wanted to.
5	This two story mutha is HUGE!  i've been to a lot of big Forever 21's... 2 of which really impressed me, Culver City [for it's organization and cleanliness..] and San Francisco. [for it's size]  but this location at the fashion show mall place takes the crown.  WINNER!  and you will be too when you walk out with an interchangeable outfit picked from one of the hundreds of racks of clothes.  I love the way this store is sectioned out according to styles.. you may run into a few repeats of items in other dept sections, but that's the beauty of their method of madness.   It gives you an idea of other ways to wear a particular garment..... a totally DIFFERENT way.  You could be a person who would never step foot in a "Forever 21"  because of "personal style" preferences.... but I promise you friends, you'll find something in that store.  a tank, a purse, shoes.... a bra, a necklace.. even MAKE- UP!    There are a bunch of dressing rooms.. and if you see that one register is too long to cope with.. find another!  Plus size beauties.... your welcomed here too!KIDS! YOUR WELCOME HERE TOO! Men! YOU TOO!  no more waiting for your lady while she shops.. though you only have a mini of a section to choose from... you still have something to kill 14-15 minutes! [don't trip though, kids.... dads, boyfriends, husbands...]  if you're still waiting... there's a kick it spot just outside with starbucks and yogurt within your reach. I've loved Forever 21... [FOREVER] and was always disappointed in the original Forever 21 Fashion Show had to offer... so kudos!  Whoever designed this bad girl of store is a genius.  Again, I commend the way the store is laid out... and appreciate the styling!
4	Okay...this store is HUGEEEEEEE!!!!!! I think this is the largest one i've been to.However, the larger it is may not always be a good thing. It can get overwhelming so if you see an item that interest you....grab it and try it on nonetheless because it will be a pain in the ass to try to relocate that item later on.I don't like it being such a large store. I'm on vacation to Vegas afterall. Sure I love shopping (what girl doesn't?) but if it requires me to spend at LEAST 3 hours in the store....nu uh!!! I rather enjoy and take it the full Vegas effect than go shopping at a store that may require me to take up half my afternoon.Either way, i'm a fan of forever 21 so quick and simple four stars.-Cynthia
3	I'll preface this by saying I'm not a huge fan of Forever 21. The clothes are cheap and tacky for the most part. There are some gems in there, but damn I'm too lazy to dig for them!! I liked how big and nice this store was, but it pissed me off that they would have them same merchandise replicated 2,3,4x in different spots in the store? So if you liked a shirt but you couldn't find your size it was like a treasure hunt roaming around the store trying to find where else they might have hidden your shirt. The lines for dressing rooms and check out were quick and painless. Overall if you like the clothes at Forever 21, it's worth a stop in.
1	The only way I will be back in here again is if I am being dragged in here with some friends. I would rather not visit again. I think a "regular sized" forever 21 is too much for my ADD-like mind to handle. This was overwhelming. How in the hell can you find anything in here in less than an hour?? Not only did I visit the same section more than 3 times thinking I was in a different part of the store, but I couldnt find a dressing room, nor a cashier. Maybe I am over reacting, but this IS a BIG BIG BIG store. This place is perfect for the diggers, seekers, and shopaholics.... but for me, I will try something a little easier to navigate.
4	It's over the top, it's cheap and its tacky! It's everything Vegas should be! If you forget anything stop on by. You know you're only gonna wear it once anyway! When you get tired of Chanel, Barney's and Niemans- or you loose all your money. Forever is there.xx Forever
4	Huge store - a bit overwhelming at first but totally worth the visit. For once, customer service was over the top. Someone was always asking me if I needed help in each section I went to. Annoying at times but at least I know there's assistance if need be.
5	Walking into the great land of forever21 I almost passed out!  The store is HUGE!!!! Woohoo, hours had passed and I wasn't still finished shopping!  The store has everything that is online and all of the lines as well.  Customer service is top notch and extremely helpful!  Every time I am on vacation and ready to spend some money, I seek out forever21locations, and so far this location is the best.  A Vegas must if you love fashion and enjoy saving money at the same time!
4	I came in to browse to kill time, which I think is the best reason to be in here. Really, I don't ever come into XXI thinking I'm looking to buy things...I mostly look and end up with only accessories. To look for something specific is quite a hunt so I'd recommend to come and roll with it. .I was rather pissed my last time looking for 80's  clothes for a party and a very specific kind of 80's look (80's valley girl) .  Don't do it to yourself...come with general ideas like wanting a new dress.  I think the idea of a department sized store is a clusterbitch, and it will always be a touch of chaos, but I think I have to give a bump up for the staff. I walked in and the staff was genuine in greeting people, enthusiastically. I was curious in this 70's boho paisley tunic and couldn't reach it. A SA helped me and when all of them turned out to be smalls, he went around the store looking for the right size and was super helpful. Staff walking by made sure to say hello. If you look like you were searching, they came to check if they can help out. You REALLY need efficient staff to keep a place like this as painless as possible. It's vastly improved since my last visit where I was on my own, and the staff was definitely overwhelmed that Saturday. Last visit, there wasn't enough people to ask, some seemed confused, and the dressing rooms were messy/backed up. There's a lot more staff this visit and it's only a weekday. It'll always have downfalls because of size, but at least the staff tries their best to be helpful and I can appreciate that.
5	This is the most fantastic Forever 21 I have ever stepped into. Normally I don't even review stores, but I can't help but express my love for this store.Even with its monstrosity, this F21 manages to remain relatively organized. The best part is that there is at least one worker who knows where EVERYTHING is. I wondered about a top that I saw (obviously in the wrong section) and the worker called another one, who was able to pinpoint exactly where it was off the top of his head. I didn't find it, but I was really impressed with the alacrity of response. My one irritation was that they seem to have too many workers going around asking if I'm finding everything okay. I felt like I was in Asia where people follow you all over the store making sure you are having the most pleasant shopping experience ever. Hello, I can't have fun if you're on my back the whole time! I know they were just trying to be helpful, but maybe not everyone has to be uber helpful...Also when did F21 start selling kids' clothes? Haha so awesome!
5	This is what heaven will look like to me.I now have a new game for my trips to Vegas: save the money I would spend buying things before I get there.... and spend it here. Seriously, I walk in there and forget that I already have a suitcase stuffed full of semi-slutty clothes... I want to buy MORE!! Not to mention it is the most well-organized Forever I have been in. Normally, everything is mixed up... sports gear with party dresses, plaid shirts with sequin miniskirts. Here, it appears that going-out clothes are sectioned together, casualwear has its own wall, even workout gear has its own area. I was there for a long-sleeved thermal, a light jacket and a workout tee..... after I was able to stop drooling over the enormity of this place, I was able to find what I wanted easily (along with PLENTY more than what I bargained for.... but it's FOREVER!!!!).Make it a POINT to go here, ladies... you will not regret this.... your wallets might, but you will not.
4	This location is INSANE. It's two stories of crazy shopping. All I can say is that if you were looking for something at a forever21 in LA, New York, or where ever... you can bet it's here. They have EVERYTHING. Advice: pay at the upstairs check out. Shorter wait.
3	I finally got to check out the new location this weekend..and let me say..Forever 21 has come a long way! I once was the manager of the Blvd Mall location and they are nothing alike. This one was fresh and the staff was friendly. It was fun to shop and check out what they had this season. They did have some crazy good deals since it was Black Friday weekend.Its not my favorite store but if your at Fashion Show its worth checking out.
5	Biggest Forever 21 on earth!!!! You can't go in & come out empty handed (trust me I've tried) but all and all, there's a variety of styles for everyones liking. I always find what I need with a good/decent price range
5	OMG this the biggest Forever 21 I have ever seen. It's two floors and it is massive. This store is located in Fashion Show Mall. There's even an escalator. The store seems like the size of a department store. There is a huge variety of clothing and a lot of salespeople wandering around. The only thing is that I didn't see a lot of fitting rooms, maybe they were hidden.This is definitely the spot to get a last minute outfit or if you are in need of some specific article of clothing. I'm pretty sure you will find it here. They even have a small mens, junior girls and plus size section. The store is very clean and has a great layout. I am not a Forever 21 fan, but after seeing this store, I am reconsidering!This really took me by surprise, it must have opened up fairly recently. I say in the last year. I spent an hour perusing and I still didn't even finish! Tip: lines upstairs seemed to be shorter.  ^_^*~
5	This place is the biggest Forever 21 I've been to since the one at SF in Market St. I just love how their place is sectioned up ... easy to find things for kids, guys, and the gym?! what more could you ask for ... aside from that ... the music is great ... shopping with great music man i'd be on it all day at that store! Let me get those tracks and have the clubs play it ... =p
4	Normally, I wouldn't review a chain store like Forever. People know what to expect when they step foot into one--racks of disheveled clothes that were barely organized to begin with and usually look like a tornado tore through them and virtually nonexistent customer service. But this F21 deserves a review.1. It is THE HUGEST Forever 21 I have EVER SEEN. It's the size of a 2-story department store. Step inside, stare wide-eyed around, remember to breathe, and begin your shopping excursion. I recommend going through the rooms systematically or else you will be like my friend and I, on our way to the checkout line, and then realize there are whole rooms you have missed. 2. For a f21, it's relatively organized. There are rooms for the Victorian era-ruffled look, business attire, kids' clothes, etc. Each rack is also relatively neat and doesn't have the perpetual post Black-Friday look that most F21s sport. 3. The store is very well staffed and the staff actually offers their help! Rarely have I been asked how I'm doing, if I need help finding anything, been cheerfully and willingly helped with locating something in the event that I actually do need help, or been offered shopping bags for the growing pile of clothes in my arms by wandering staff at other locations.
3	I was REALLY excited to come to this one as it's the largest one they have because my local one doesn't have a ton of stuff for guys. First of all, this place is overwhelming. It seemed like we were in there 2 hours before we finally got to all of the sections that they have. But then there's the guys section, there wasn't much of a selection at all, and they didn't even have a sale section! My wife seemed like she had a great time in here but as someone who likes this brand, it didn't really excited me. But I will still shop there.
5	Honestly all the shopping Ive done in my life this store this location the service was 200% every single person was trying to help me heck even walked me over to the section I was looking for another came and told me she was just going around the corner if I needed anything like so so so amazingly nice!!!They had my sizes they offered me an umbrella cause it was mega raining outside!! The store is huge has so many things!!! Next time im in LV ill be coming to shop here!!! Oh and prices are so decent!!! I'll be back in the new year count on it!!!.....one sour note....our store here in edmonton alberta in West Edmonton Mall is toally different...unorganized rude staff no  one gives a damn...its dark and gloomy and cant find any sizes cause everything is so messy....oh well Im just happy about the LV 21forever!! thanks to the staff there!!!
3	Good god, this forever21 is huuuuuuuuge!! I didn't know where to start and I was quite overwhelmed with it all!! I didn't want to spend hours in there so I just casually walked around and if I saw something I would stop and check it out. I love their accessory stations! For some reason, I am going apeshit over headbands but missed that section and found it after I paid. -.-;; Seems like everything is downstairs.. I went upstairs and it was not as crowded and didn't seem to find things that suited me up there. They do have the kids, extended, heritage, twelve by twelve all in this one store. Pretty gnarly.There were soooo many workers here too. And what is with the guys in suits at the doors?! My bf's sister said they were security.. they look like bouncers for a high end nightclub or something. I didn't think the workers here were that friendly at all. I saw many of them.. none of them said "hi" or asked how I was doing.. that says a lot especially when they were tons of em.After paying I walked around for a little trying to meet back up with my in-laws but after looking for 5 min.. I called it quits and decided to wait outside!I don't come to fashion show mall very often but if I do.. I will be back. Especially if people want to walk around.. I will just kill 3 hours in there.
3	Largest forever I have ever seen. I had the biggest smile when I saw this place, but my bf's face on the other hand didn't look as excited. I wandered around looking at all the clothes and bought a few things. The one thing that I do remember is getting yelled at by one of the associates. One of the mannequins had a Minnie Mouse headband, so naturally I figured if it is on the mannequin it is for sale. WRONG! An associate out of the woodworks comes running up to me and grabs it out of my hand and said "That is not for sale". Geesh SORRY maybe you should put a giant sign on her head. DO NOT TOUCH! Anywho that store is gigantic.
3	this location is apparently the largest store in the US. its kind of ridic...almost too big. it was hard to find a good way to navigate through the store and make sure that you didn't miss a room. =P love that they have a dj on the weekends. they have everything here so its hard to walk out of the store empty-handed.
4	O. M. God.This place is every straight guys worst nightmare, which is why I ditched mine to gamble at the Wynn while I hit the mall and this two story 126,000sq ft (!!) fluorescent heaven.Despite the holiday weekend, I never had trouble finding my size or someone to help me track down an item I saw on a mannequin. Unheard of in any other F21!I tried to remain calm and keep my purchases to a minimum since I almost always regret my non-cheap-tanktop purchases, but I was pleased with an inexpensive beige dolman sleeved sweater and misc accessories.$40 I could've wasted on a slot machine went straight into my closet, so I definitely felt like a winner!
4	Meet the Gigantor of all Forever 21's out there.  Two floors of clothes, clothes, clothes, shoes, and accessories.  Women's clothes, at least.  There is a tiny section for guys, but don't expect much, fellas.  Think of it as an exaggerated version of a cohabiting couple's walk-in closet.You could easily spend 1.5-2 hours here doing nothing but browsing.  If you come with a group of friends that do not share a similar taste in fashion with you, make sure you bring your cell or walkie talkies because you will easily lose each other from all these window-shopping distractions.Normally, I am not so die-hard to shop at F21 every time I stop by the mall, but this place was a piece of work.  Although the clothing selection made my mind explode, making it worthy of four stars on the spot, I deducted one just because of how staff here is just like any other F21 out there - I never saw one smile out there and none seemed too willing to help because they looked like they were "busy" putting away clothes.  Regardless of their efforts, the place can still be quite a mess because people will just leaves clothes that they change their mind about anywhere (which I, too, am guilty of from time to time due to my lack of exercise and inability and memory to walk back and return an item I no longer want to the rack).  Oh - and just like any other line in Vegas, lines are a nightmare here, too.  For both dressing rooms and cashiers.
5	This Forever21 is AMAZING! It is enormous!! Two floors of shopping. It would probably take about 4-5 hours to browse through everything.This Forever21 actually gets 5 stars because of two things:1) The employees will actually help you look for sizes! WTH? Unheard of everywhere else! At other stores it seems like the employees try to avoid the customers whenever they can!!2) Clutter free!!! :: I usually hate shopping at Forever21 because of the energy it takes to navigate through the huge piles of clothes and other crap.... but this place is so clean and pretty and ORGANIZED.
5	I reallllly liked this Forever 21. I've seen big Forever 21's before, like the massive 3 story one in downtown SF, but I liked this one better. Although it is huge, it is spacious and well organized. There was no clutter, no piles of clothes sitting around, no pushing or shoving or annoyingly loud music!  The staff was friendly and helpful. I felt like I was in the store for like and hour and a half! Time went by so fast. I really liked that the store was well organized and it allowed me to be able to find things easy. Even though the store is on the strip in the middle of  a tourist haven, it didn't feel like it, maybe because it was Christmas Eve but I honestly believe that it's because the layout/design of the store is spacious with lots of walking room. I never felt claustrophobic, like in other Forever 21's.I liked their shore section which orderly, unlike the shoe sections at other Forever 21's where basically shoes are thrown every which way. I will say that I was surprised their accessories section wasn't bigger though. I will definetly come back on the my next trip to Las Vegas!
3	Since Forever 21 @Fashion Show Mall has expanded to a department store size it has become one of my least favorite store to be at.  Here is a few reasons why:1: The store is way too big to be able to just get in there for a quick visit.  2: I can never find anything cute in that store anymore, everything is a mess.3: The lack of customer service, even though they have tons of people working, no one care to help, everyone is busy tasking.Besides from the great energy, decorations, reasonable pricing and lots of products.  I feel like it is all for show, and lack of quality and effort.
4	I heard that this was one of the biggest Forever 21's in the country? I'm not sure if this is true... but man, it was pretty much like a department store.I found a bunch of cute shirts but it always seems to be that way at this store. Everything is pretty reasonably priced but then again, you do get what you pay for. Meaning the quality is not that great sometimes but still very cute.It's a huge store and clothes are usually all over the place so I expected that. The sales people seemed friendly and the people in the fitting rooms were as helpful as they could be.There were a huge variety of tops, sweaters, jeans, pants, dresses, etc so no complaints there! Sizes were plentiful and I had a fun time shopping through the store.
5	The is the mecca for inexpensive, cute and trendy clothing. I could literally spend 3 hours browsing...forget the time it would take to try on all the stuff I found (ladies...I wouldn't recommend bringing your hubby or boyfriend). If you love trendy clothing but don't like paying a bloody fortune for it....Forever 21 is the answer. It isn't the highest quality of clothing in the world but it lasts for the season...and for the price...you can't beat it. The staff is super friendly and try to help you find what your looking for (again...if you smile, are polite and don't treat them like they are beneath you...they will bend over backwards to help you).  When my kids are with their dad....you will always find me browsing here.
1	It's huge, has some cute clothes, and is fairly inexpensive. However, it has the same problem as many other Forever 21 stores. Music that is horrible and way too loud, shoddy material, and sub par customer service.  Only here, the customer service was MUCH worse.Rude at the cash registers, rude in the dressing rooms, and very unresponsive workers when it comes to basic questions like "where are the open fitting rooms?" Most of the fitting rooms were closed, most of the registers were closed, but there were 90 people working. I know it is two stories and huge and full of many different departments, but efficiency is definitely something they can learn.Walked by three managers, no greeting or "let us know if we can help you!" from them. Also, the men's section is limited. My boyfriend has a smaller frame and thought Forever 21 would be a place where he could buy good-fitting pants. The smallest size was a 32...and that was of the ridiculous looking pants that most men would stay away from. It is alright if you're a die hard  Forever 21 fan, but really skip it if you are not. It will ruin the brand and maybe even shopping for you.
5	OMG is all i can say. i must admit, i hate forever 21. i find the clothes cheap and never am inclined to check the store out. but this one blew me away. it has an amazingly large selection and it was two floors.they have an in-house DJ that was playing the best music! my girl and i were grooving the entire time we were there. it changed our mood from sleepy/hungover to ready to go out and party!it is insanely big. the lines for the changing rooms were long but moved fast. they had lots of the rooms shut down for some reason...i actually bought a skirt. good deal and good time at this store!
5	This IS the best Forever 21!!!!! 1. MASSIVE (2 huge overwhelming floors of everything you need to rock out)2. ORGANIZED (all merchandise organized, no clutter, no crap on the floor  - you can actually find stuff!!)For those two reasons alone this gets 5 stars in my book.  This puts the SF flagship store to shame.
5	For the love of the shopping God's!!!!!! I feel like I was blessed as soon as I stepped into this shopping paradise. This is by far the largest forever 21 I've been in...and If I remember correctly from one of the stores assosiates... one of the biggest stores in the US. This 21 is the size of a small department store, everything nice and oragnized, and great sales associates. They also carry the children, plus size, and men's lines here which is pretty impressive. Curvy girls check it out ASAP!
5	This is by far the largest Forever 21 that I have ever seen/been in!!! It's HUGEEEEE. It's soo big that my friend and I had to think of how we were going to try and look at everything in the store. In the end we got so tired from looking that we barely looked around the second floor. One of the plus sides of this Forever 21 compared to others is that they carry the different lines of Forever 21 in organized sections. For instance, there is the Heritage section, the plus size section, the workout clothes section, shoes section, jewelry section, bag/clutches section, and little kids area. Also, this is the first Forever 21 that I have ever been in that has a restroom for customer use. The employees were also very nice and willing to answer any questions, and also inquire if customers need help or not. I was a little disappointed in the fact that the shoes section was a little small for such a big store, but there was still a bit of variety to try and find what you want. If they don't have your size our on display, then you can always ask a sales associate if they have it available in the back.
4	I hate forever 21. I hate how the clothes are unorganized, randomly placed, tight walk ways, cramped spaced, and most often than not some chic bumping into you.  Yeah you saw me! Don't act like you didn't!So when I arrived at my hotel (Encore) my friend called to tell me I could find her at Forever 21 across the street.  UGh why?Well, for starter this forever 21 was the exact opposite of what I mentioned above.  It's HUGE!!!!!! Department store size Huge! Everything was neatly placed.  Needless to say, we spent a good amount of time in the store.  I was only able to peruse one floor.  We went back the next day for the 2nd floor.
5	This is how I was greeted:Forever 21 guy: "Welcome to the world's largest Forever 21!!"Me: "Are you serious? Bigger than the Hollywood and SF locations because boy I've been to both."Forever 21 guy: "Bigger, that's why you're going to need these. (hands us shopping bags). See you in 2 hours!"LOOOOOOVE!He totally got me. This place is HUGE. I couldn't get my mind around it. There are so many things to see and look at and find. I wanted to stay in here all day. They had clothing choices for all body types (very unlikely to find at regular mall locations). Oh I wish, I wish I could go back here. 5 STARS for the friendly Forever 21 dude who greeted us, because if it wasn't for him I wouldn't have been in such a great mood to spend $$.
2	Its huge, like shockingly overwhelmingly huge.  Everything is also the same... 80's flower print.  Spreading that puke over two stories doesn't make it any better.  All I wanted was a cute pair of black shorts that I could wear to a club.PositivesHugeNegativesJust a lot of the same stuff repeated over and over through the whole store.Cheap quality.Walked out without buying anything and I had money burning a hole in my pocket.
4	WORLDS LARGEST FOREVER 21!!!I am overwhelmed by even slightly large forever 21's , so needless to say I left this particular location 1 hour later and dizzy. However, if you have the time and patience this place is amazing. I might not even bother packing clothes next time I come to vegas and just head straight here instead. Everything from formal-wear, bathing suits, jeans, accessories, shoes has their own huge ROOM. To put it in perspective, the store is about the size of a macy's department store. Next time I will come mentally prepared!
4	forever21 on steroids!!  i was lost in there... they have everything.  it seemed like i was on the 1st floor forever.   so i decided that when i went to the second floor, i was just going to shop faster.  lol.this one is as gigantic as a department store.  go and have some fun!!  =D
4	I love this store and its fate they put the biggest location in my city! if you need anything to complete or create an outfit they have what you are looking for and for a great price!
5	The biggest Forever21 you'll probably find on the planet.  Which, FYI, can also make it a bit overwhelming. My gfs wanted to go shop here because they told me that it was the biggest F21 they've been to.  I walk in through the front and realize I can barely see the back wall of the store. Yep, the entire location is about the size of a department store.The first floor is mainly clothing and accessories, and the second level also contains the childrens and mens section. What i was really impressed with about this store is not the size and selection, but how ORGANIZED it was. I feel that shopping at a F21 can be annoying and time consuming because you literally have to search each rack to find items because everything is scattered around the store with no sense or order.However, here, that is definitely NOT the case.  Similar style items are all grouped together, and you can easily find various sizes of whatever you are looking for.  The neatness and cleanliness of the overall store was definitely a big big plus for me. I'm definitely impressed that they are able to organize a store of that size better than the smaller stores located back in LA. I think I was able to browse through the store in the same amount of time it would have taken me at a smaller, more disorganized store. That's pretty impressive!There are several fitting rooms scattered throughout the store on each level, so you won't have to wait too long to actually get a room.
3	This is supposed to be in the biggest Forever21 . I admit , it was pretty big . However , all the Forever21s I've been to were pretty big . But this one just happened to be a little bigger . Instead of a store , this Forever21 is more like a department store . This Forever21 might be big but it didn't really impress me all that much . They just sell what other Forever21s sell but with a larger inventory .
1	Extremely frustrating when the last item is on the mannequin and the sales staff will not take it down.  The dress was no longer stocked and apparently the store policy is that all items on display can not be removed.  Had the same situation in Dallas and the manager did the right thing by removing the item so I could purchase it.  Forever 21 MUST be more customer oriented.
3	It's a love-hate relationship between F21 and I. I love it because they have a huge selection of inexpensive and cute shoes, clothes, and accessories. The staff are nice and I almost always find something that I like. I hate the fact that they have more than enough fitting rooms but don't bother utilizing all or even most of it! Hence why there is a huge mess of a line ALL THE TIME!  And it takes a little while too!But I still love the place regardless of the long wait in the fitting rooms. In fact I came here a few days ago and ended up getting a shirt for 10 bucks and work out pants for 15. Yay cheap clothes.
2	I had to kill some time in the mall, so I decided to check this place out. It is soo huge and a little overwhelming. I almost felt like I was inside of some crazy circus maze and all the employees were a bunch of mute fashionistas that just walked around flipping their hair.I was never greeted a single time, never offered one of those shopping bags I saw them walking around with, and I was never said, "excuse me" to when the employees would brush by me. It also seemed like the employees walked around aimlessly as if they were as confused as I was. They really should have a map of this store, so you'd at least know where you were going. I spent about 30 minutes upstairs walking around in circles until I decided to go downstairs to look at the accessories. I gotta admit, the accessory sections are actually very nicely organized, so I was able to find 2 pairs of feather earrings right away and I spent less than $10 on both of them. The shoe section was just a little awkward because there were about 4 employees walking around as if they were suppose to help you (none of which said anything to anyone there) and only ONE small bench. Actually, there were two benches, but the second bench was occupied by a giant mannequin! Needless to say, I didn't buy any shoes.I ended up walking out of Forever 21 with a skirt, 2 pairs of earrings, a pair of shorts, and a Massive Headache. I feel like they don't really care about customer service at all here since they know they'll make their sales anyway. None of the employees ever said anything to me either when I was walking around, at the shoe section, or at the dressing rooms. The store is also overwhelming with its size and loud music. The only thing I can't complain about are the prices and styles, which is probably going to have me coming back here.
4	Huge !!! 2 stories. The 2nd best one I have shopped at. Chicago is the 1st! It can be overwhelming but I def found some cute items. Very organized. You won't be disappointed if you are a Forever 21 fan!
5	The truth is, I never thought Forever 21 could even have good customer service. My standards just were never high in that department. In the Bay Area, half the people working at Forever 21 don't even know what's going on, where things are, etc. And the stuff is EVERYWHERE. It's SUCH a turn off. The situation is out of control, folks.I was very pleasantly surprised by this Forever 21. Not only do they have a vast selection, everything is easy to find. You can actually see everything that's laid out. The employees are willing to search far and wide for that size you need or the shoes you saw, instead of averting their eyes and snapping, "Everything we have is already on the floor, okay!?" Even the cashier was super charming - the cherry on top of a fantastic shopping experience.All in all, my boyfriend and I found some super cute clothes here and I am very satisfied.
4	I love forever 21 but the fashion show mall location is a bit much even for me.. The music is super loud in there.. to the point of major distraction. Hence, me removing a star.. .But they have a great location in the fashion show and its HUGE... They even managed to get in their maternity and plus size section which is great b/c my hips and thighs personally need a lil more wiggle room.. All and all a good variety.. and staff a plenty... if only they;d turn the damn music down.. wow.. I just sounded like my parents.. !!
4	This Forever 21 has a very nice set-up. I walked in the store and immediately noticed the accessories area. They had rings, necklaces, earrings, belts and etc. They were really reasonable and is cheap enough to wear a few times and not feel bad ditching when the trend is over. I found many work appropriate pieces and it was fun picking out accessories. This area was surprisingly organized even though many girls had gone through this area. The other room I noticed was the "nude" or "neutral" colored room. They had the cutest outfits on the mannequins. The quality of the clothes is decent for the price you're paying. Just walking around the store, I got a lot of different ideas for different outfits. Things are laid out nicely and the cashiers were quick.
4	I was so excited to check out this Forever 21, as being said the "hugest one in the US". I entered and quickly thought it was huge, but the set-up didn't quite intrigue me that much, it looked like any similar Forever 21, but I was hoping for something different. There is huge selection of clothes, and they have so much different rooms filled with different type of styles of clothing! I thought it was cute that they had one room filled with pretty much, clubbing attire and of course that room was filled with women ready to go out for the night! I found so much clothing as I searched around the top floor, then when it came to the bottom floor, I found many cute things also! It took forever to get around the whole store, but it was fun to do so.The workers weren't really as greeting as other Forever 21 stores. I think out of the whole story only 2 asked me how things were going or if I wanted a bag, but quite a couple of them assisted me when I asked for help! Although I was quite intrigued to what some of the employees were wearing, some dressed really impressive.I thought the little mannequin set up area, where it said Forever 21 Las Vegas was cute also!But I left the store with a quite bit of items and I was completely satisfied!
3	First impressions are not everything and this flagship store keeps surprising me. Maybe, I just came during a weak season and was disappointed with the selection. Yes, when women's clothing overrun both levels of the store, the men's section is minuscule in comparison. In all fairness, the Forever Men's section is roughly the same size as most other stores, but put into the overwhelming mass of women's hippy wear, hipster chic, and club attire, it looks puny. I might not be rushing here to buy out their inventory and making it my primary wardrobe, but there are decent accent pieces. The prices are also more reasonable than most of the other stores within the Fashion Show Mall.
2	Located on the Strip in Fashion Show Mall, this massive Forever21 store is actually considered a 'Department Store' on the mall's map.  With two stories, it even has an elevator and its own his/hers restrooms (women's on the first floor and men's on the second floor).  Customer Service is Horrible: Absolutely no 'Hello' or 'Welcome' from ANY employee and I passed about 10 employees during my visit.  Unfortunately, terrible customer service is consistent with most Forever21 stores I've shopped at.  Since customer service is extremely important to me, this knocks off an entire star.  Moreover, of the three register areas that I saw, only one register area was open.  Seriously, why have all those registers and employees but have only 2 registers open IN THE SAME AREA!?  I had to search for an open register by going from one side of the first floor to the other side of the second story.  Of course the employees saw me searching but did not offer to help.  They continued to chit-chat with each other and I am not one to ask rude employees for help.Restroom:The restroom was rather unpleasant.  I'm not expecting anything extravagant but let's just say that some gas station restrooms are more well-kept. There was an OPEN trash can, obviously filled with gross trash, right next to the toilet.  The sink handle was also broken. Selection:This location has more products than any Forever21 store I've ever been to.  I noticed a few items displayed in different areas of the store.  I actually like this strategy because the store is so big that I might have missed it the first (or second) time. All items were neatly displayed and organized but I would rather shop online than deal with their terrible customer service.
4	One of the most organized and easily accessible forever 21's I've been to. It seriously looks like a fat department store... It's too bad that out of 100,000 square feet of women's clothes/accessories.... There's like a closet space of 400 sq ft for men's. I can still argue that shoes aren't an accessory though! If you know their return policy, you'll know what I'm talking about.
5	I'm kinda flabbergasted as to how this F21 only has 3.5 stars. (Edit - my 5 star review just bumped it up to a 4 star! yay!) Have these people not ever been to the disheveled F21s in NYC?! This one is the biggest, cleanest, best selection of clothing of all the F21s I've been in - a close rival to the F21 in Times Square.A worker told me that this F21 used to be the biggest one in the U.S. before another larger one opened in California! There is a really awesome photobooth in here where you pay $3 and get 3 strips of photos! Cheapest photobooth I've ever been in! While you are taking the photos it's not the most flattering so be sure to choose B&W or Sepia!I came here primarily for the F21 x Hello Kitty collabo on the first day of its' launch and was impressed by their stock! The register lines were also quick and everything in the store was neatly laid out, organized, and easy to find. Definitely can see myself popping in here for a last minute outfit change for a night out in Vegas!
4	This forever 21 is the size of a walmart with the food section. The funny thing is that I am not even joking about that. There are 2 floors but it just keeps going and there is section after sections. I got lost twice. Overall I spent about $60.00 bucks here. I went in looking for a dress and came out with 2 pairs of pants, a shirt, a pair of sunglasses and earrings. This is a tween girls dream come true along with winning the heart of a vampire of course. Only thing I hate about Forever 21 is thier sizes. I am by no means a big or thicker girl but here I am a large to an extra large. It makes me have huge self esteem issues. The best items to get from here is thier jewlery and thier sunglasses. My beautiful earrings only cost me $1.50 a pair and my sunglasses were $3.00 and I wear them all the time. My friend had to brag my extra large behind out of this store before as she stated "discovered another section." I will go back to this store becasue everything in there is so shiny. P.S. they have a tiny kids section and an even tinier mens section somewhere in the back, so this store is geared towards GIRLS!!!!
5	I literally fell in LOVE from the moment I stepped into the store. This place is HUGE. I love to shop at forever21 and this is by FAR the cleanest, organized forever 21 store I've ever seen. I thought my Downtown, SF three story tall forever21 was huge, but it's not even close. I've noticed that they have more clothes available that are out of stock for the longest time at other forever21, so another plus for this location!!!The clothes are organized in many sections, and I could literally walk through the store for hours looking for things I might've missed.  I didn't want to leave this place. My boyfriend had to literally drag me out of the store. Too bad I was here under a time crunch, I would love to come back and shop here.
1	Seriously?!?  You really don't want me to spend my money here... Ok...  the most od aweful service I have ever received in a retail store in my life.   They literally turned a few hundred dollars worth of sales I was about to make out the door.  I will NEVER go back here again.
5	THIS PLACE IS BLOODY HUGE! It's overwhelming in there and I love it. 2 FLOORS OF FOREVER 21-NESS.....it's just so clean, organized and pretty in there. Fabulous service too!! GO GO GO GO!
3	I forgot to say that the lines get so long and unorganized. They need to seriously work on making the lines way better and organized.
5	Forever 21 has really upped their game in the past few years! This store located inside the fashion show mall is HUGE! it use to be a Macy's and before that a robinsons may! It has a section for everything!! They even have a section for men and kids now!! And the stuff is getting better with quality. I LOVE the jewelry! That's usually where you'll find me in this store. Or the hello kitty line! It's like a girls dream come true! Haha the female associates never seem to be too helpful with me for some reason. But, the male associates always greet me and offer help. I don't mind that especially since this store doesn't do anything good for my attention span! Haha I could spend a whole afternoon in it and leave the doors spending less than $100!
2	I love Forever 21 just not their stores. Service: 1/5 The service is okay here no ones stands out that are helpful.The dressing rooms are over packed, unorganized and slow. Once I had a bag of items I DID want but since your only allowed to bring 6 items with you in the dressing room I had to leave the items I DID WANT outside. There must've been miscommunication or a misplacement because my bag with the items I DID WANT miraculously DISAPPEARED & I was super annoyed I had to go look for those same items again. Store: 2/5 The store is huge like a department store and I hate department stores. There's so much clothes the selection is way too huge. You'll just end up walking in circles. I never thought I could say this.. too much can be a bad thing. Clothing: 2/5 You get what you pay for. Their clothing is cheaply made and the quality sticks. Shrunk cloths is a given, I always shop for a size bigger than myself in tops because my tops always end up shrinking SO ANNOYING. I'm a small but I always buy mediums. ONLINE: 5/5 BUT like I said I LOVE FOREVER 21...so if your looking for an organized selection check out their website. Its a lot better than their stores.
5	This Forever 21 is AMAZING! Loved it here 2 floors of everything awesome, nice and neat and not too cluttered like many other locations.  So many clothing options to choose from for any style, great cloths for a night out that aren't to expensive.Overall, if you love forever 21 as much as I do, this location is def one worth checking out!
5	huge forever 21. 2 floors. each clothing line were separated on each floor. I loved all the new summer/spring line. picked out bunch of clothes and there were alot that were on sale!  My mom and I couldn't finish shopping forever , definitely topped one of my favorite forevers. Thank god the security thing went off, because the cashier forgot to take off one of the tags. that would've sucked on my 12 hr drive home...The mall in general is nice. big, spacious..options! i love options!
2	Before leaving for Las Vegas, my friends and I decided that it would be fun to buy cheesy sequined dresses to wear at the clubs during our stay. A colleague warned me not to buy anything in Vancouver beforehand, as it would undoubtedly be overpriced. She told me about the 2-storey Forever 21 in the Fashion Show Mall that would meet our needs perfectly. Although I typically don't like stores that mass-produce cheap, throwaway clothes (oh the wastefulness!) I thought this would be a perfect place to prepare for a night out.When we arrived in the city, we dropped our things off at the hotel and made the trek up the Strip to Forever 21. As others have mentioned, the selection is outrageously big. Overwhelming, even. The group of ladies I was with easily found armfuls of dress possibilities, which we promptly brought over to the change rooms to try on. This is where the trouble began. Now, I'm a well-proportioned and curvy lady, and I normally don't have too many troubles finding flattering clothes. Although everything I tried on looked great on the rack, absolutely NOTHING looked good on my body. If I weren't so confident beforehand, I would have felt terrible about myself, as I'm sure many other ladies have before me. I think it's just a matter of the quality of design and materials being ultra-low, which of course is how they can charge $15 for a dress.In short: yes, there are rooms and rooms full of clothes, but they're all cheap (and not in the good, "wow, look at this steal of a deal!" way). At the end of it all, all I purchased was a few pairs of cute socks with moustaches, foxes, and owls on them. I'm glad to say I had packed a beautiful back-up dress from Anthropologie, and I didn't see a single other person wearing it while I was out. As for the clothes from Forever 21, it seemed like everyone else in the clubs and casinos was wearing their dresses, and they all looked cheap doing it.Individuality FTW!
2	WHERE: Inside the Fashion Show MallWHAT: clothes & fashion galore!For this review, I am going to talk about the upsides and the downsides to this Forever21 location!Positives- This location is huge, and it once used to be the Macy's department store! There are millions of product to choose from, so you are bound to walk out with at least one thing each and every time you decide to go inside.Negatives- Like I have previously stated, this location is huge! & if you already have something in mind, it might take a while for you to find that one thing you came in looking for, haha. And! Their return policy is the worse! If you have not yet tried to return something, and do not know their policy. You have 30 days to return or exchange your item WITH YOUR RECEIPT, and for STORE CREDIT. You do not get cash back, so buy something that you really LOVE! =)Another downside is their customer service is extremely poor! It is probably one of the top retail stores who try to give good customer service, but fail to do so... I was in there a couple of days ago, and there were these pants on a mannequin that I wanted to purchase.  I asked one of the workers, and she had told me it was the last pair. Then she followed with another sentence (rudely) saying they can't take it off the mannequin.  So, in my head I am thinking why leave it on the mannequin? Other retail stores would be happy to take the clothing off the mannequin and finally sell it!In other words, have fun & hopefully you don't get into a situation like I did! Haha =)
4	Come here with a lot of time on your hands because the sheer size and volume of clothes in this store will swallow you alive.  I walked in to look at one thing and before you know it I was sucked in.  By far the biggest F21 I've been to; selection is good and plentiful and the music is so loud just enables you to go into the zone and focus.  Thumbs up.
2	For the biggest 21, didn't have such a great selection- especially for the men's clothes.  Crowded and garage-saley.
4	Trust me, 3 hours isn't enough to cover this forever 21 branch. It goes on almost forever xD With the store divided into sections according to styles from vintage, to pastel, summer wear, club wear, hippie, to denim and many more, It's not hard to stay in one or two areas most of the time - then you realize you've spent half the day inside and the sun has already set.If there's but one thing to bear in mind with any forever21, quality should be the last thing you should go there for. You shop there because the prices are affordable not because they're going to last. With that said, expect copious amounts of different trendy designs sometimes stacked in the same hanger-to-hanger pile. It's necessary to shift through the contents for awhile before you could find something worth buying. Shoes shouldn't be an option, they'll give you blisters for the most part. Tights and basics are sold at affordable prices. They tend to rotate the styles around different sections of the store monthly so one day you might find the new spring collection by the shoes, the next week, it's pushed to the back of the store - not exactly convenient for regular shoppers.There's a DJ experience on certain days and the place can feel so much like a club - minus the alcohol xD My mom and I drop by the place when we've got time to spare. Overall, it can get pretty overwhelming for a first-timer but knowing that the Fashion Show is mostly aimed for tourists, if you happen to stop by Vegas, be sure to check this place out - pronto!
4	this is the LARGEST forever21 i've ever seen!!they have so much stuff here, you'll find things that have been discontinued or newer items no longer in other stores or on their website.for a store this big, they have a ton of fitting rooms: but only one was open when i went, so....bleh. but the lines were still shorter and faster than the forever on powell in sf
5	what can i say love this place i can spend all day here shopping ,this place is huge with so much to choose from , crazy busy , DJ spinning awesome loud music on the weekends . cute clothing ,good prices , shopaholic paradise  !!
2	2.8-stars. Quantity over quality.Gigantic Forever 21 - the biggest one I've ever been to. Size can be overwhelming to navigate and could use better merchandising in general. Had a cute dress boutique area and summer selection in front, but otherwise not much else memorable.The accessories are scattered in several areas lining the walls and didn't display any apparent theme/reason for each separate area. Would far prefer accessories to be centralized esp. given how large this store is.Dressing rooms are run pretty efficiently, but would avoid Forever 21 during peak hours.
5	I love this place and how big it is. I believe my best friend says it's the biggest F21 in the world. The only problem with this place? It's so big that it overwhelms me and I end up not shopping :(
4	Fist pump fist pump fist pump!!Upon walking into this shrine of insanity one might wonder, is that a store or a night club?? Now I usually come here after getting my eyebrows threaded by the wonderful Glenn at Sumita, but the real reason I come here is because they offer plus size! You heard me right fatties, PLUS SIZE! Now you can look like your skinny club going friends!The store here is wide and huge (just like i like em!!) lol its 2 levels and never ending! Bottom floor you have normal sizes, shoes, accessories, under garments, and some photo booth thing. The top level has men, plus size, and girls clothing. Why they do not offer little boys clothing is kinda stupid, but whatevs, they arent on H&Ms level yet : )))) The quality of the clothing here is hit or miss, as is the price. Ive found some good steals for cheap, and Ive seen some SUPER CUTE items, alas Im cheap and wouldnt pay 32$ for a dress. What I dont like is that they dont offer bigger sizes in jeans, only up to a size 16 or 18. BOO!! They do offer really really cute items in my sizes though and I love the fact that they use good colors and the clothes dont fit hella stupid.I love the accessories here! Where else can you get a ring or earring for 1.50$!? HERE!! Come here for your slutty club wear or cute daily wear and some rings and shiz!
5	another forever 21 and forever picking out clothes lol sorry charlie.. sh opping time lol
5	I wish I could Yelp about Yelp for removing my comment about forever 21! It would only get 1 star... Anyways, since I must elaborate about Forever 21, I will... I love this store so much, I go in there and I usually am able to spot out things that I love right away. I get lost in the levels and rarely want to leave! There is so much ground to cover there, and sometimes when I leave I feel like I have missed something, which is WHY I go there so often! I really think that Forever 21 is a great store, with lots of options to choose from.... I also LOVE how they have clothes for average women... I am not super skinny... im in between and I am still able to find things that are gorgeous and fit well and compliment me... Actually, I am on my way to forever 21 RIGHT NOW! :-)..... I hope this was good enough for yelp! ;-)
3	Forever 21 is too much of a sensory overload to me. It is huge, bright, and loud.  Entering the store made me feel like I needed sunglasses and earplugs.  However, they do offer some cute, cheap clothes and accessories.  I needed to get a few things, with the full knowledge that they'd be "one and done" as far as wears received, so I didn't want to break the bank.   Their sizing structure is a bit weird (I'm a Small/Medium everywhere else, but at Forever 21, I've become a Large??).  There doesn't seem to be any rhyme or reason to the layout of the store, even though it is the size of a department store.  It would be nice if things were in sections, you know- like a normal store- so you don't have to wander around aimlessly looking for things. One thing that really irked me in particular was the lighting.  Several dresses looked orange under their bright, odd lights, but back in the dressing room, they were clearly red.  I didn't know which lights to trust!! Since I was buying a dress to match with a pair of shoes I owned, this put me in a bad position. (I went ahead and bought the dress- it is red).They have a pretty strict return/exchange policy, probably to keep costs down.  No returns on accessories, shoes, or sale items, and 21 day exchange/store credit  only returns on everything else. Considering the cheap prices, I guess that's not too terrible.
5	There is no comparison. The first time I was here, I spent 2 whole days, opening to closing time trying to get through the store. I kid you not. Now, I'm better - I only take a day, 4-5 hours if I'm in a rush. They have sooo much clothes - it's the forever 21 heaven here. It's clean, spacious, and there are tons to choose from. Bright side : there's two floors! It's department store sized.They have almost everything you see online, instead of only a limited selection. There's a maternity section and a kids' section here, as well. Their accessories place is kind of limited, but oh well. There are plenty of workers here who are pleasant, and ask if you're doing okay. Cashiers are, so far, the most harried and impatient/surly people everr.The only thing I don't like about this place is their lack of fitting rooms. I think they have only 2 or 3 ever open, even though there are tons scattered throughout the store . This makes for longer lines, antsy people, and more of a hassle to get clothes back to racks. There are so many employees around, why not just open more fitting rooms to make it easier for them ( and us! ) ? But anyway, I really love this forever 21. I always go to the fitting room several times (with a full bag every time) and, well, usually leave with a full shopping bag, too. Great selection, great shopping. Done.
3	After raging so hard at Encore that I managed to break a shoe where can a girl go to find a quick replacement? Luckily Forever 21 was across the street. I dashed in and sadly, no sandals despite the 100+ degree weather. No worries these moccasins will do.This place is massive. Really. The largest forever 21 I've ever seen. It took me awhile to find shoes...in my size...that weren't fall related. But I could've easily spent an entire day here shopping. Beware.
4	You can spend alot of money here. The sales were awesome and the prices matched. The staff was virtually nonexistent. But that was okay. They stayed out of the  way to let us shoppers do what we do best. The store was clean and organized, and when returning to Vegas, I will definitely be back.
5	I love this Forever. Usually when I am on vacation I try to shop at stores I don't have at home, but this one is so big, you can't ignore it. They had a DJ spinning while we were shopping and it was around 8pm on a Friday night so traffic was dead - perfect time for some last minute shopping. The product assortment is huge and they have an amazing selection of accessories and shoes. Check it out. You won't be let down, I promise.
4	This store is HUGE! It will take you at least 3 or more hours too look around and inspect everything they have too offer. I love to shop and I'm always happy too do so..but this store was a little large for my taste and loud. Maybe it's because I'm over 30 shopping in a teen store *hides* lolThe quality on some things are crappy, so be selective. It's great too get some cheap jewelery and basics. I will come back because I just can't stay away!!
4	If you're gonna go to a Forever 21 store in LV, this one's the biggest with most of their lines available. (FYI, the one at the BLVD. MALL closed recently.) Suited security guards at the entrances remind me of the Timberland store at the Premium Outlets/North. The last time we went here, was the first time we actually went in to browse. I was still pregnant, and searching for more cute things to wear.  It was a big run-around, as some employees were a little clueless about the maternity line (it's better online, trust me). So, did we ever find it? Not really. But I did get a chance to browse. I saw HELLO KITTY- I love HK stuff. I also spotted some striped tops (OK, I admit that I am addicted to striped tops) at less than $12. No wonder this brand is super-popular. There are all types of clothing styles here- trendy, classic, basic staples. It's also no wonder why I see the over-40 set here too, besides the teens (my niece is a fan) and 20-somethings. There were so many different choices- the multiple lines I mentioned before. There are two levels. You could really spend a lot of time here. Because the brand is junior sizing, I'm a  size large, not my typical "medium." I plan on coming back when time is not an issue.
4	I don't know why I waited so long with writing a review for this store. I came here twice, Summer 2011 and Summer 2012. (Well I did make more shopping trips but you catch my drift). Both times I was pleasantly surprised. Since I have no Forever21 close to home (in the Netherlands) coming to Las Vegas and seeing this beauty of a fashion store simply blew me away. It was HUGE. I am sure that while I was in this store it took me a long while to comb out a couple of sections. I spend a lot of time in this store looking for outfits to wear and take back to the Netherlands with me. The quality of the products are good, all of the stuff I have bought have not broken down or have fallen apart. Which is the total opposite of what most of my clothes from H&M do. The service was okay, not good or superb. Just good. But I cannot imagine being so busy in a store as big as this one, and all the girls and guys that worked there looked amazingly busy. Looking for a dress, I was kindly helped by a guy there who, (I noticed and tried not to laugh, when I saw it) was wearing a furry tail. It was a bit strange to see but that's what I love about stores like these, you see the diversity from the people that work there. This guy really did his best to help me find a dress but we couldn't find it, eventually I found it myself but he was being very helpful. He didn't stray for a second when there was 'no hope' of finding the dress, like the experience I had with some staff members from different stores. The dressing rooms are always busy whenever I shopped there, I do feel that with the amount of dressing rooms they have they can open a lot more. After this I've only been in a different Forever21 and that one is in Antwerpen, Belgium. The one in Antwerpen cannot hold a candle to this one of course, but staff wise it couldn't hold a candle as well. I feel that the spirit in Las Vegas was more friendlier. A half star taken off the rating because of the limited dressing rooms available. Another half star because it's a really huge store and it overwhelms you, and I sometimes feel that there isn't really a red wire trough the whole store that comforts me in my shopping experience.
3	Yelp 100 Challenge * 1/100For women who have fine-tuned their personal style (and branched away from the trends, might I add), Forever 21 will be a long scavenger hunt for you. It's an overwheming 2 storeys of the latest fashion trends with store layouts changing a little too often for our own good. I used to come here a lot the past 2 years until not too long ago, the loud pipe-in music started to not ring well with me anymore. More often than not, I would spend about 2-3 hours rummaging through the shelves & clothing stacks only to end up with nothing in my shopping bag but (probably) a new necklace - if I'm lucky. Once I got a cute gold-plated heart necklace that faded into an itchy (and rusty) bronze in about 3 weeks and in another instance, I got myself a pair of $17 jeans and the seams popped after about half a year. Sure, they're cheap but durability is not something you can count on with Forever 21. If you're a shopper who delights in quantity over quality and are looking into getting something cheap for a one-time event, stop by the store, but make sure to have an idea of what you want beforehand and ask the staff about it or else you'll lose a lot of time (& money, since there are a lot of attractive deals) before you know it. Don't be too quick to fall prey on the low price tags.
2	This is a huge store ,2 floors, which its stuff are repeating on themselves over N over. I didn't enjoy my shopping experience since it was very hard for me to notice which area I have check and which I haven't check yet. Although the variety that is offered is much larger then other 21 stores, it is pointless , so I left without buying anything cause I was exhausted from navigate myself in the store
4	Holy cow, was I excited when they opened the new location! This location is sweet! It occupies the space of a department store, can you grasp how big that is? There are entire sections devoted to accesories, and jeans and work-out clothes... Wow.I disagree with many Yelpers about the quality of the items. I mean sure, it's not the best but I have never had an item rip apart of anything like that. You do need to take your time and look through the whole store though. And don't get me wrong, I only end up liking like 10% of the items offered. There are a lot of cheap and way too trendy items there. I only shop for dresses andaccesories when I'm there. I have found some nice-looking items, like an angora sweater, some linen dresses, etc. I figure if oyu are patient enough to look through racks at a Salvation Army or a Ross, you can give yourself half an hour to sort through the crap to find the jewel. That's actually what I like about it, I feel like when I find an item I like, that's unique enough to warrant a purchase, that it is well worth it. Don't even get me started on the accesories. Again, you may end up liking one piece of jewelry or bag out of the hundreds, but it will be so special. I find their jewelry is a mix of tastes between Carrie Bradshaw and Serena Van Der Woodsen, if that gives you an idea. Also, some of their faux leather purses are really good imitations.
3	I overheard that this was the second largest F21 location in the world. I'm not surprised, because this mall is also HUGE!With that said, this place is just too big. Where do you start and on which floor?Girls will love this place for their variety and relatively affordable prices.
4	I'm a fan, they have cute things for fat people too. This is the only one that carry plus sized in Vegas and one of the few in the US. So for buxom tourist, you may wanna check it out. I Yes, I know Im not buying a investment but it lasts enough for what I paid generally. I normally look at the stitching as some suppliers for them are cheaper than others and skip out on those not sewn in half way decently or really cheap feeling fabric. I don't know what other people are doing that things just rip on them at the time... but it doesn't happen to me. Then again, I happen to get caught on doors, windows, home decor, bushes, etc so maybe they're accident prone like me, just not as lucky as I am with clothes. I like to buy accessories here as I am most accident prone for breaking long hanging necklaces. I can't feel bad if it was only $8 so I don't wear delicate necklaces of actual value. Truly, I would like to know how it is possible for me to snag necklaces as often as I do.The minus and plus is this store is so big. It's easy to get lost and there's some outfits that are in several places so sometimes one area has all the size you need and you may not know it. This is far less of a problem if you are in the niche markets like the mens area, kids area, maternity, work out, basics or plus sized. There's also a clearance area in the back area of the store upstairs and downstairs in a smaller side room. Its a huge dig, but maybe you'll find something.
4	Whenever I come to Vegas, I always visit this F21 store - the sheer size of it is impressive, and I love that they have an entire room of sale items.  The store is generally well-organized and neat, and the sales associates I encountered when I was here last week were very helpful and friendly when I asked for directions to the bathroom or the nearest open fitting room.  My only complaint is that the music was WAY too loud.  I'm 23, I like EDM, and I don't have "old ears" yet, but even I had a problem with the volume of the pounding music that was playing.  My friends and I were exhausted after shopping in here for an hour, and couldn't wait to leave to get away from the noise!  Other than that, this store remains on my Vegas to-do list.
5	What's not to love about this monster Forever 21 store? Only hard part was deciding on which purchases to actually buy. So much selection, helpful staff and perfect inexpensive dresses to go out in that you don't have to stress over if they get ruined. This store rocks and I will be back often.:))
3	Sure this location is cool if you want to die of an anxiety attack.Jk, you cool gurl, you cool.
5	This Forever 21 was my favorite store inside Fashion Show mall and my favorite Forever 21 I've ever been to out of the ones I've visited in New York and Houston! It's two floors and the selection is awesome! I was able to find two sweaters pretty quickly that I loved. I came on a Monday in the afternoon and the store was pretty empty. I'm giving this Forever 21 five stars because at all the Forever 21s I've been to the sales associates don't offer any customer service unless you are waiting for a dressing room or checking out. Two sales associates here offered me a bag to carry my stuff and just asked how I was doing in general. I worked at Old Navy in retail for half a year so I subconsciously pay attention to these things. Everything was also very organized and neat and I was able to find what I wanted quickly despite the store being giant.
3	It's not unlike any other Forever 21, where they have fake sections and fake themes. All in all, the place is enormous and the variety is huge, but somehow I always manage to feel very discombobulated in these kinds of stores due to its layout (or lack thereof).I had the hardest time just trying to find a simple pair of flip flops because my other pair broke from overuse (walking up and down the strip a million times). For some reason, Forever 21 does not believe in having a coherent shoe section, but instead has a mini shoe section with random shoes scattered about the rest of the store hidden next to piles of camisoles. Sometimes large selection and variety can be a bad thing :(
5	Love this place! It's my one stop shopping spot! It's huge, as big as a department store. It's probably one of the biggest branches you'll ever see. They even have their own section "room" for shoes, jewelry and accessories. The various clothing styles are separated by their style, and as well as their men's section. They have a lot cute stuff, especially when you're all into the pop culture scene. This place will not disappoint. The cashier line may be long and it is extremely busy though, especially when you also wanna try on some clothes. They have many helpful staff as well.
5	This by far is the biggest F21 store I've ever been to.  We went on a shopping trip and found so many cute things for under $20 each.
1	Horrible customer service. Took me forever to get into a fitting room while 4 associates just stood there gossiping. And when they finally acknowledge me I did not appreciate the attitude when giving me a room. The store was a mess. Everything was literally everywhere and it was near impossible to get anyone to help you out. Clothes are cute, I will give them that. But the clothes don't last so it's a "you get what you paid for" type of ordeal. I used to love shopping here - accessories were cute and affordable, kids section is adorbs, and the basics were my fave to shop at. But seriously, HIRE NEW ASSOCIATES and fire the ones that so obviously express their hate for working there. Lost a regular customer.
4	Hooray for finding a Forever 21 with an actual plus sized section (and not just a few racks). I haven't been to Forever 21 in quite a while because I rarely found anything in my size. The Forever 21 in Fashion Show mall was HUGE. Apparently the 2nd largest in the country. They had a large section of Men's clothes as well. It's still Forever 21 so the pricing is cheap and the construction generally is too.I was able to find some great dresses however, including one that was perfect for the wedding I was in town for. I got a ton of compliments and the fabric is actually pretty good... especially considering that I spent  less than $30 on it!
4	This store is huge. The sales staff wad okay. They were busy putting away clothes and to busy to help. The syore stays open very late pass 10pm.
1	Huge F21 with horrible customer service. Stay away, you'll be waiting in line as they practically ignore you for ten minutes.
5	Best plus size section I've ever seen in a store like this (with their main business being regular sizes). It was HUGE and took up 3 full rooms of the store. Basically, it was every plus size item from their catalog/website. It was so great to be able to find so many options and to try them all on in person, rather than having to buy them online and roll the dice. I will return here any time I'm in Vegas. Way to go F21, you really impressed me!!!
4	Huge store if you know forever 21and like try hair styles you'll love this store.though there's never anyone around when you can't reach something.
4	While I didn't find anything in the Mens department, the store is absolutely HUGE.Am I too old to find anything at Forever 21?  Never.
4	This place is massive. Lots of options, staff is helpful and friendly. They even have their own DJ! If you're looking for something to wear out and have time to browse this is your place.
2	I'm sad to say but I was very disappointed with my experience at this forever 21. The negatives outweigh the positives significantly. The positives being they have a very good selection & the store it's self was clean. Unfortunately with having such a large selection of items it was almost impossible to find what I was looking for. The staff didn't know where to find anything either. Plus when you asked them they looked at me like I just asked them if there was a spider on my face. I had to ask around a dozen employs for help (some being friendly, some not so much) with non of them being very helpful. When I was looking for sunglasses I had to ask 4 employes where to find them & I got sent to three different location in the store before actually finding sunglasses. I think this location should give there employes a LOT more training. I ended up leaving annoyed & without finding a single thing I was looking for. I feel like I wasted my time.
4	JP, the young sales associate definitely gets 4 shiny stars from me.  So sweet, and helpful as I frantically put together an outfit to go to Lavo's Saturday Brunch from work.  He made me feel like I was shopping at Nordstom's.  Usually when shopping at F21, i only see the salespeople at the dressing room area and at the cashier counter.  JP was totally happy to serve yours truly the whole time I was there .  Hope see him again:-)
3	Yeah this F21 is huge! Yeah it's organized. And yeah it's cheap. Unfortunately, the clothes are pretty hideous now. I don't know if I'm getting older, but fashion now is not something I'm excited over. Everything is floral, I mean grandma's couch floral. Stuff is from the 80's or oversized. What happened to just a basic, fitted, solid color blouse? My friend Loren and I walked around the entire store and didn't find one thing that we liked. I would rather go to a more expensive store and invest in quality tops that will last me longer than cheap ones that wear out in 2 washes. This store just isn't for me anymore, I'm sad to say. On the plus side, they do have a good selection of workout clothes. Got 2 pairs of running shorts for $14. And their kids section is pretty darn cute.
4	Good selection of clothing options. Huge store so it can be a little overwhelming. The prices are great and the staff is always friendly and helpful.
2	Went there today and have to say I was really disappointed. For being the biggest Forever 21 in the world, they have an extremely small selection of men's clothes- I went there to hopefully exchange a pair of jeans I bought for my husband online, but had no luck finding the same pair in store. That was fine, but I waited in line to do an exchange for store credit and had to explain my situation to three different employees while they kept passing me off to one another- every time I said "Store credit is fine, I just need to order another pair online"- then when the third associate finally rang my return through, at the end he told me I actually couldn't use the store credit online and that I would have had to send them back through the mail in order to get a return. I asked if I could have the pants back, then, and he said no, since he already rang it through. What? Finally another associate ran to get the manager and came back 5 minutes later saying that I actually COULD use the store credit online, they were mistaken. Overall it was just such a huge ordeal for what should have been a really simple return and I felt that they were too busy to pay attention to me when I explained in the first place that I needed to order another pair online. Which doesn't surprise me, since the music is so loud in the store that they probably couldn't have heard me anyway. As for the women's section, I feel like their prices have just steadily risen over the past few years- I used to go to F21 to get good deals on cute unique clothes but now I feel like everything looks like clubwear or cheap reprints of whatever trendy graphics are popular on tumblr this season (galaxy print, upside down crosses, etc). I feel that the quality of their clothing has decreased steadily while their prices have been on the rise, and if you go in there looking for a specific item you're in for a real scavenger hunt- it doesn't seem to really be organized in a way that makes sense, just room after room of random items. My overall impression was that it's a huge store and the employees feel overwhelmed and don't know what's going on. Nobody knew what they had in stock, what their return policy was, how to ring up my return, where to find someone who knew how to ring up my return, et cetera. I know it's a big store and with that many employees it's probably hard to keep everyone on the same page but their customer service really suffers. If you're looking to pay $20-25 for a thin strappy dress and are only making a purchase, this is the place for you, but if you want much more than that you'll be sorely disappointed.
4	This Forever 21 is large and AWESOME to spend 1-3 hours in, if you've got the time of course. The staff was very friendly and helpful and the selection is SOOOOO BIG! My friend and I had a fun time going through all of the sections and bought a bunch of stuff as well.. Their accessories are a bit spread out though and they didn't have my size in a few different shoes. The next time I'm in Vegas, I will definitely come here again!
1	The store staff tell you to buy items, take it home, try it on and bring it back if you don't like it. What they don't tell you if they only grant store credit. Breach of several laws but store managers indifferent.  There are too many alternatives in this shopping mall to put up with this unconscionable practice.
5	Great store, great employees, guaranteed satisfaction  I love the way everything is neat and organized.When you need help, someone will be there to assist you, and plus, they so it with a smile.No other Forever 21 store is as great as this one!!!
5	Huge store u don't know where to start there is a lot of stuff for men and woman and the dj was great he played some good stuff to put u in the shopping mood
2	I love Forever 21. I usually always shop online. But I heard Vegas has one of the biggest forever 21s. I went to this store yesterday. I was not impressed. The same shirt I seen online was more in the store. The plus size section was not very organized to me. The plus size clearance was one rack while there was entire section of clearance for the smaller sizes. I'll continue to shop online I'm offered more.
5	My favorite Forever 21!This is the biggest F21 I've ever been too and the store is very organized with the separation of all their sections. This place has the biggest plus size section and I absolutely love it because they have great plus sized clothes too.All the other F21's I go to have a shitty plus size section and they're normally a tiny corner.Staff here is very nice and always ask if there's something in particular you're looking for/ finding everything okay.
4	This is a huge location inside the fashion show mall. I agree with other yelpers that it could take you hours to see everything. The only negative was the lack of size large in almost every item. I would definitely have spent more money if they had all sizes stocked.
4	Huge Forever 21!!  I wouldn't be surprised if you got lost here, too.  This forever is located in the Fashion Show mall, across from Trump hotel.  When I got there, the mall closed at 9 pm, but Forever 21 didn't close until 10 pm. Yay!There are so many clothes everywhere..and I couldn't help but feel like they were disorganized. I saw many identical tops but in different racks.  I find that a bit annoying because I don't want to look at the same thing three different times.  (especially if I'm on a time crunch!!)The people who work here are very friendly.  I was greeted upon entering with a shopping bag and was asked about forever 21 emails.  The girls in the fitting room were so helpful! The only people who weren't friendly were the ones at the registers.  What a bad way to end a good shopping spree!  They had bad attitude and did not look happy at all.
5	OK I cannot express myself enough when I say that this is the place for like 18 to 50 year old men who want clothes that look and feel good but cost next to nothing. They copy designers for all the latest fashions and have such excellent deals. This is my go-to place for when I need a quick, cute outfit. They even have shoes. Warning: this is a retail chain which primarily has clothes for women and so if you're like me (a guy) you must check ahead of time to see if they have a men's section.GREAT VALUE!
1	Worst forever 21 ever all employees not available for help when asked for something on display on a mannequin employee made me walked all around the store to not ever find it and acted like not know what products they have in store.  when ask for a store manager they said there was none available or ask to remove it from the mannequin to buy it hey said corporate did not allow for it... Loosing Busines this way specially in a high demand location like the fashion mall at Vegas blvd will not be enticed to ever come this store ever
3	Very big and lots of clothes compared to over forever 21s. The reason for 3 stars is because I asked an employee is get me a shirt from the top racks which were unreachable and she made it as though I was asking her to do something extremely difficult. She proceeded to slug around looking for a pole-hook to get it added with a sigh. This made me extremely uncomfortable and if you're to lazy to do your job I suggest you stay home instead.
5	I'm a guy and I hate shopping. But this location playa the 80's. Made the time go by cause I was jamming. Keep up the good work
4	Cheap men's fashionable clothes! Well the men's section is really small compared the women's, but it's sooo cheap! I usually stain or tear up the clothes prior to any stitching coming off so this is a good place to stretch your dollar
3	This is the largest F21 I've been to. My favorite is all the way back in New Jersey's GSP. When I figured out Las Vegas has one I had to check it out. It's basically the same, but for some reason the layout is so vast! And the items are all strategically (randomly) placed so that you basically have to spend time in the store just to find what you need and to increase chances you'll buy what you don't. I don't mind it though. The employees definitely need to be retrained in customer service, but I've noticed that a lot of retail/customer service based people in this state lean more towards the rude side of things.
3	This ginormous Forever 21 has been elevated to a department store, complete with a (seemingly closed) alteration service.  I've been in several two-story F21 stores, but this one is several times larger than the largest I've visited.  There is a maze of rooms, each full of trendy disposable clothing as far as the eye can see.  The awesome thing about this F21 is the breadth of the rarer departments, namely F21+ and F21 Men.  These are usually each a couple of sad racks.  Not here!  They're entire sprawling sections of their own.  The unfortunate thing is that apparently the way you fill a crazy huge F21 is by putting the same clothes on multiple racks in several parts of the store.  I saw the same things over and over and over, like a glitch in the matrix.  There were also so many racks with one-offs, it was overwhelming.  Checkout crawled, which seems like a problem at every location. There was one employee dealing with the growing line while several other employees hung out nearby. But I scored some sweet macaron socks and a cheap cami - I guess that was worth the wait?
3	One of the largest F21's I've been to. Where to even begin. You can get lost for days in here. Staff is really friendly. I was immediately greeted as I walked through the door and the salesperson handed me a shopping bag. This location has everything from plus, kids and men's. Don't think there is any particular concept to certain areas in the Missy sections. Seems pretty random all over. This location takes up two floors in the fashion show mall.
