3	I don't get out to Middleton often enough to know the caliber of its restaurants.  My vague impression is that it's a bunch of middle end chain places (Macaroni Grill and the like).  Therefore, Hubbard gets extra points for at least being locally owned in a town of chains.  Menu is mostly comfort food staples.  Lots of different pasta bowls and sandwiches. Highlight is the  Meatloaf of the Gods.  However, like most Food Fight establishments, Hubbard is merely OK.  Big on presentation.  Lacking a bit in the really tasty food category.
1	Grade: FThe world's worst service. I wouldn't serve this rancid mess to animals.  Your money and time stolen by Food Fight Inc.
3	Coming from the established Food Fight Inc. chain that holds several other Madison staples (Bluephies, Monty's), often seeming inclined towards breakfast, the Hubbard Avenue Diner comes across more as a decent straightforward diner than an update with a twist delighter.    Offering an expected array of breakfast combos, burgers, and sandwiches.  With a guarenteed wait period for a saturday or sunday midday.  Hubbard delievers what you'd expect for a fair price.  If you're in Middleton looking for a breakfast staple you're set.  If you destiny calls you to a grander morning feast head inbound.
2	Did lunch there.  NOT IMPRESSED...  Service was terrible, food was well presented but OK at best.  Skip this place.
2	I think this place has a lot of potential, but for whatever reason just can't seem to get it together.I'd heard only good things about it, by foody locals, so I thought I would be at least satisfied if not impressed. However, I left with an overwhelming felling of "meh."I'll give them another shot, but it won't be anytime soon. Maybe I'll buy one of their many pies next time? There's got to be some reason they stay afloat, right?
4	This place is one of my favorites in Middleton.  The food is consistently very good.  Not spectacular, but very good.  The burgers are delicious but nothing out of the ordinary.  There are some other good meat dishes as well; the fried chicken is good and the meatloaf is supposedly excellent (I've personally never tried it).There are also some good pasta dishes, which you wouldn't expect from a diner.  The parmesan penne is always a favorite, and the double-deluxe mac & cheese is 100% Wisconsin goodness.  There are also many sandwiches and salads, ensuring that there's something for everybody.  The servings are large but not humongous.  Good thing, because you definitely want to save room for the pie.  I haven't explored the pie selection in depth, but there are numerous different flavors available every day and many seasonal flavors as well.  I usually stick with the Key Lime pie, which is probably the best I've had in Wisconsin.  The apple is also delicious.The service has always been friendly and attentive, but it takes a while to get your food.  It's easy to see why; Hubbard Avenue Diner is constantly busy.  Waits for seating are common on Fridays and Saturdays, although Sunday evenings are quieter.  Good as this place is, I don't think it's quite worth a fifteen-thirty minute wait.  There are many other great restaurants in the area that could seat you right away.All in all, a very positive dining experience.  I've been there often and never left disappointed.  Reasonable prices and good food, with excellent pies.  Recommended if you are in the area or are generally a fan of other Food Fight Inc. restaurants.
3	This is another one of the yummy Food Fight establishments. We have a place in our hearts for Monty's Blue Plate, but this is close...I just miss my Black Bean Burger.A fun atmosphere(although sometimes overly kid-filled), and decent dishes. I wish the service was a bit better...I reccomend the Meatloaf, and the Apple Crisp Sundae(get two spoons--it's HUGE).
5	Note: This review is ONLY for their bakery.I ordered a cake for the boy's birthday, sight and taste unseen.  I have never been to Hubbard Avenue.  I was drawn in by their online order form that listed sizes, cake flavors, filling flavors, and frosting flavors.  There were just so many options!  And for $12.99!  Sold!I called up and ordered a mocha cake with raspberry filling and mocha frosting.  The lady on the phone told me how good that sounded.  I know, Phone Lady, I know.  She asked for an inscription.  She then asked if I wanted any particular decoration.  Baffled, I said no, they could do whatever they wanted.  Upon hanging up, I hit myself in the forehead.  I should have specified that the cake was for a 31 year old man, not a 5 year old boy.  Shit.  Hopefully they don't put clowns or pokemon or something stupid on it.I picked it up, and I was extremely pleased.  It was a pretty little cake, the color of wet sand, with a palm tree on it.  Tasteful (pun not intended)!  Professionalism and prettiness aside, it was a gloriously delicious cake.  The best part really is the mocha buttercream frosting.  I want that frosting on everything I eat from now on.  It'll be worth weighing 400 pounds.
5	My favorite place in Madison for comfort foods that will satisfy everyone. I have taken ALL of my visitors here. Have never had to wait more than 15-20 minutes for a large group on a Friday night during peak hours. Usually you can grab a seat at the litte bar.  I go to Hubbard about once a week.I think the Mac & Cheese here is better than the Great Dane's. Comes with jalapeno corn bread. YUM. Milkshakes are generous portions and very good, and so is their pie. Fish fry is good and consistent from friday to friday (have not had the same experience at the Old Fashioned). White chicken chili is great and the blue cheese dressing is delicious. Waffle fries are great too. Oh and so are their biscuits at breakfast.
4	I have a punchcard for their pies. The pie flavors change seasonally and are always amazing. You get HUGE slices too. The only one I haven't liked (after about 20 tries) is the grasshopper. Blubarb is my hands down favorite, followed by pumpkin.
4	Great little place!  The menu is pretty diverse and I always enjoy my meal.  SAVE ROOM FOR PIE for dessert!  You MUST try a slice of something!  Their pie selection is insane!  A MUST stop for breakfast or lunch if you're ever in Middleton!
3	I would rate Hubbard about a half a notch above "typical" diner food. I came for lunch on a weekday and was able to get a seat right away. My waitress was very prompt, though not overly friendly. I ordered the veggie bean burger, and though it was perfectly acceptable, it was not fantastic. I also ordered a slice of the apple pie and I must say I have tasted better. To me, the filling tasted like it came straight out of a can. Nonetheless, the menu is extensive and is sure the have something for everyone, and the bakery case is quite the eye-catcher to all who walk in the front door.
5	I consider myself something of a chicken tender/strip enthusiast (not the most refined of tastes, I know...), and I'd be lying if I said I didn't think the Hubbard Avenue Diner had the absolute best chicken tenders I've ever had.  They're the kind that let you know they came from a chicken as opposed to a freezer, with an absolutely sublime breading, and deep fried to the most exquisite of golden browns.  Get them with ranch to enjoy them at their best, and don't even think about ignoring the awesome coleslaw that comes as a side.Their pies are good too.
4	I'm so fond of Hubbard Avenue Diner in spite of eating there exclusively with my ex-fiance, who turned out to be a complete tool.  The point is, that's how good this place is.  I can vouch for the breakfasts (spinach omelet as well as whole grain blueberry pancakes) as well as the lunch/dinner menu and pie.  I had their tuna steak sandwich once, and it was good but not great.  My standby is the veggie burger, which is just right.  There always seems to be a wait, but it's been worth it for this FIB.
3	I had a positively delicious breakfast on a Sunday early afternoon.  I got the breakfast quesadilla stuffed with scrambled eggs, black beans, and not enough cheese. It also comes with a side of homemade salsa that was super pureed and did not have enough heat or chunks of tomato for my liking.  Seriously though, despite these two things it was still quite tasty.The place was packed but our service was excellent.  The pies/cakes looked amazing, must try!
3	Had dinner here on Father's Day.  The wife had the tuna gyro & fries with the French silk pie for dessert, I had the blackened chicken sandwich & waffle fries with raspberry rhubarb pie.  My son (3yo) had the cheese burger & apple sauce from the kids menu.The wife said the tuna in her gyro was dry and overcooked but enjoyed it overall.  My sandwich was pretty tasty but the waffle fries were only luke warm.  Disappointing when there is an extra charge for those.The French silk pie was too rich!  We couldn't eat more than a bite each and took the rest home. Apparently this is their most popular dessert.  The raspberry rhubarb pie was excellent.Service was efficient if not particularly friendly.  Our server did seem to get overwhelmed as the place began to fill up.  It took ages for her to bring us the check.  This place is very kid friendly so stay away if you hate the sound of noisy kids.  The tiled floors and open plan nature of the restaurant made the screaming and crying carry really well!I suspect we would have enjoyed it more if we'd gone for breakfast instead.
3	This morning I got up early to join the boys' "breakfast club". It was pretty delicious! I'm a big hash brown fan, and the Morning Scramble special did not disappoint. My only complaint is that the edges of my eggs were slightly cold, and the cheese wasn't melted. But I can look past this, due to the savory browns. The decor is somewhat 50's, with an odd collection of teapots and a wall painted with the names of all the pie flavors available. I love the plastic coffee thermos they leave on the table for you. Hood Half n Half! Domino Sugar! This spot is pretty authentic and the service was great.Next time, I'm trying the Breakfast Quesadilla or Daily Double :) But for now, I'm sleeping in...
4	Went here the other week with my parents and my wife for dinner. Agree with other reviews that you can plan on a wait. We waited about 30 minutes. Nothing too unusual for a Friday night around 6:30.I had the fish fry. It was decent - not the best I've ever had but very good and decent portions. My wife had the Chicken Quesadilla and it was awesome! She loved the corn salsa that came with it. She shared a bite (as well as her leftovers) and it was very good. My parents had the Pot Pie and the Meatloaf and no one was complaining. Their slogan "Famous for Pie" was very true too. They had a ton and we had to try them. WIfe and I shared a slice of Apple Pecan something - it was very good. My parents shared a slice of Cherry - my dad said it was the best he ever had! I will definitely go again and try their breakfast!
3	Hubbard is definitely decent, but it seems like more often than not it just isn't quite as tasty as I was hoping it would be. However, they've got tasty shakes (nothing out of the ordinary, just good, not-too-thick shakes) and the dual silk (chocolate and peanut butter) is no-bones excellent.
3	Met a colleague here for breakfast earlier this week, and must admit I was pleasantly surprised and impressed with this place.Service was prompt, courteous, and professional. Prices were a tad on the high side, but the food was of better quality than your typical diner.And while you can't easily eat "healthy" here, I was able to order 2 eggs (whites only), an English muffin and fruit for just under $6.  Please to report the eggs weren't soaked in butter or grease - they were light and fluffy.Colleague had a more traditional meal, which looked scrumptious and featured big portions. I'll definitely be back here for a cheat meal, even if it is a (gasp!) Food Fight owned establishment. I'm not snobby, nor do I hold an underlying grudge against the  FF restaurants.  ;-)
3	I've been to Hubbard Avenue Diner a few times, and the food is a mix of average and super-good. Hits: Smokehouse Hickory Burger (subbing a black bean patty for meat), French Silk* pie.*Most FS pies are light and creamy; theirs is dense and fudgy. I wouldn't personally call it FS, but I will call it heavenly.(Occasional) Misses: Their regular fries (I'm a potato gal, I've got high standards; on my last visit they were dry and over-cooked), the parmesan penne (bland), and the Italian Turkey BLT (the first time I tried it, it was amazing; the second time it was okay at best - can't put my finger on why). The diner itself is adorable with a wonderful mid-century vibe, offers outdoor seating when the weather is nice, and has a friendly, attentive staff. If the rest of their desserts are as good as the French Silk pie, a visit to Hubbard Avenue Diner is worth the visit for a treat alone.
4	I love the vanilla malts (and they're huge), and our 14-year-old son loves the burgers. It's a fun spot, in the classic diner style, though it's only 10 years old.
4	I'm really digging this place.  With every visit the food has been very good, the service excellent, and the entire experience enjoyable.  I stopped in earlier tonight to sample their meatloaf and a slice of pie - both were great.The meatloaf was moist and flavorful, even without any gravy (I ordered that on the side).  The homemade mashed potatoes were spectacular, and featured nice little chunks of potato (I prefer a chunkier mashed potato over a whipped mashed potato).  The homemade biscuit was buttery, flaky, and soft; the gravy was obviously homemade, non-greasy, and delish.  One of the things that I appreciate most about this place is they go easy on the butter/grease/oil.  My meatloaf came with a side of steamed veggies and they were just that - steamed - without any butter or added fats.  I'm getting tired of Wisconsin diners/restaurants dousing everything in butter... the Hubbard Avenue Diner definitely steers clear of that tendency.For dessert, it was a slice of the peanut butter silk pie, and oh my gosh - talk about heavenly.  I think I turned diabetic with that single slice, but wow, it's worth it.  Dense and thick, with a thin fudge base that sits just above the flaky crust and topped with homemade whipped cream... wow.  I realize the irony of not liking my stuff drenched in butter and the sinfulness of such a dessert, so no need to comment about it... :-)Hubbard Avenue Diner = WINService = 4 stars (always has been fantastic)Food = 4 stars (really solid comfort food, expertly and "cleanly" prepared)Value = 3 stars (a tad pricey, but this is quality grub)MISC = 4 stars (great atmosphere and incredible desserts)Summary - definitely worth a visit, and save room for a slice of pie.
4	Stopped by on a Saturday night with the boy for a slice o'pie after his positive reviews. This establishment is so cute--classic diner vibe down to the rotating pie case by the door! I think it would be nice for a date (first date maybe?), although I haven't tried the savory food. He got the fudge bottom silk pie and I got a strawberries 'n' cream slice. These slices are HUGE.. so don't be frightened by the nearly $5/slice price. His fudge bottom was very tasty, but it wasn't a silk pie like I'd ever had before.. it had a texture sort of like pudding with extra gelatin in it. My strawberries 'n' cream was half macerated strawberries mixed in with whipped cream and half whipped cream. So delicious! I am a girl who loves homemade whipped cream, and this pie was my kinda dessert. I wish the crusts were a little bit more substantial, but they are really just a vehicle for what's inside the pie!
3	Good spot if you are interested in an updated old style diner. Clean and friendly with a splash of unique foods. Main focus is on the pies which are 5 star.
4	Of all the Food Fight places in the area this is my fav!  It's nothing to write home about but it's great for what it is!  it's not your typical diner food, it's got that Madison twist (the tuna gyro, for example) that makes it fun, and more granola friendly!  I've never been disappointed and I Always have leftovers... this may be because I'm always saving room for dessert, which is AMAZING!!  Breakfast is more like a 3.  I have high standards and so far Madison's breakfasts just haven't impressed me yet... it's fine I would just rather make my own, I guess. The meatloaf is good, the Smokehouse Hickory Burger is great and the fish fry is pretty nice too.  Not a fan of the scalloped potatoes with ham... no matter how many times I try it and want it to be wonderful it dissapoints :(Service is OK, always nice, usually on top of drinks... they just always seem to be in a rush, which I get on a Friday night, but on a Tuesday when the dining room is not quite full?  Good luck getting any attention if you aren't ordering or they aren't dropping off your food.
5	I love this place. Truth be told - I love diners in general. But Hubbard is great - I've tried it for brunch, for dinner, and for pie of course.Brunch - I'd have to say you can get better brunch other places in Madison. But they do a decent job.Dinner - comfort food. Definitely not fancy. I like the chicken pot pie.Pie - is to die for. Especially the peanut butter silk/french silk one. Oh my god - instant food coma.Service - always really friendly and attentive.Environment - feels like a diner. Not too retro, but definitely still diner with booths and stools. It also has a tendency to be cold - at least in my opinion.
5	Authentic Main Street diner. Decor is 50's / 60's motif. White bean chicken chili is to die for. Love the counter service and homemade pies to go!  Love the uniform, unfortunately it's hard to explain.  Think "Peace Sign" of "Pi Sign"  Peace of Pi.  Cute play on words.
5	Today I had the clam chowder. It was excellent as usual. I also had a half of a chicken salad sandwich, a piece of two silks pie and the key lime pie. All of it good. Especially the Zanzibar chocolate ice cream.
5	Always our go to for breakfast!  All other meals are wonderful too.  I order pie first with my coffee and then eggs to follow.  I have never been disappointed.  Other suggestion besides their outstanding pie:  biscuits, fried chicken, pot roast, and scalloped potatoes with ham
3	Generally tasty, nicer-than-typical diner food. There are better places in town for breakfast, but they cover the bases. For lunch and dinner, the NY Turkey Reuban and the chipotle chicken salad are two of my favorites.I have never really cared for their pie crust, though the duo of silks pie is really good, and the mint brownie way surpasses the regular brownie. Can get pretty busy during peak meal times, but the wait is never too-too long.
2	The breakfast was very disappointing. I have not had any other meals here. However their desserts: cookies and pies are yummy. I don't think i would ever buy a meal here again. However i will stop in for a cookie or 2 ;)
4	I'm a big fan of a glass case full of desserts and this diner has two-a large case full of mostly pie but also some cheesecake, carrot cake, cookies, etc. and a tall rotating case full of pies. The pie flavors change seasonally and most I've had are pretty satisfying-a few seem like they have food coloring added and I tend to stay away from those (this is why the glass case is very useful). Other than the dessert case ... this place is made to look like a classic diner but the food is perhaps a bit more 'updated.' The veggie bean burger is my favorite-not like a prefab 'veggie burger' but more like a thick lump of refried black beans on a bun-a little messy. Good if you love beans and want to eat them like a burger but probably not as good if you really wish you were eating a burger but are a vegetarian. The shakes here are also good. The service is ok. There is sometimes a wait but it usually goes fairly quickly. Families with kids are abundant. Very similar to Monty's Blue Plate on the east side (same parent company)-Monty's seems to have more vegetarian options and fewer types of pies.
3	I've been here twice (and the first time I bought a t-shirt that had a peace sign, 'of,' and then a pie sign = peace/piece of pie).The first time I got the eggs benedict...it was ok. The hollondaise was pretty heavy and traditional. The service was great even though it was mega busy. They let you drink coffee while you're waiting for a table!The second time I went it got an omelet which was better than the benedict and came with a really good biscuit. But I got a piece of pie, which they are supposedly famous for, and it was terrible. The apples were mushy and pretty much flavorless. The crumble on the top was also flavorless and not crispy. The crust was mushy and might have even not been fully cooked.All-in-all, I will probably be back to try dinner options in the near future!
2	This is another example of a restaurant that survives and thrives based more on reputation and perception, than actual food quality. When one claims to be a diner, the fundamentals of such a claim should start with breakfast. Frankly, how hard is it to screw up breakfast? You don't have to make an outstanding breakfast, but you have to make one that at least is as good as one would make in their own kitchen. Such is not the case with Hubbard Diner. If you read the reviews by Scott C and Hannah M, you will note that they are intrigued by the uniforms and t-shirts, rather than the food. If I want to go somewhere to see great uniforms, I would think of the Wynn in Vegas or the Borgata in Atlantic City. I came here for the diner food.The scrambled eggs were dry and brown. The hash brown was bland and again, dry. The toast had a nice flavor but was hard and cold. The orange juice was not fresh squeezed but rather tasted like what McDonald's serves. How do you get away with serving this type of breakfast and still able to call yourself a diner? The decor is cute and kitschy. The use of the math symbol for pi is fun but not unique. All of that can't overcome the plain, and rather bland food.I would like to thank the patrons who dined around me that morning for making me realize I am still in back-ass dumb-f*ck America. Despite the fact that less than a mile away is a Starbucks and other chain restaurants, rural america still exists. The table across from me was a group of gentlemen discussing electricity and wiring on a farm, while the table behind me had two older men talking about Jews, how cheap they are and how they go to their own temples to worship whatever they worship with their own people. Thanks fellow patrons for making me remember why I prefer urban centers and I am always much safer in Newark or Harlem than I ever will be in back-ass, farm lands.
3	We came here on the advice of some locals for dessert. I had a slice of pie there and left with a box of delicious apple pie as a souvenir. While I can't vouch for anything from the "food" menu, I will say that they have very solid pies. The decor is charming, too.
3	good diner atmosphere, food was so so. had the ham and potatoe casserole and then a slice of caramel apple walnut pie ala mode. casserole was ok, not super flavorful. and honestly i wasn't amazed by the pie.
4	I visited friend who recently moved to Middleton this weekend. She hasn't had the opportunity to fully explores that many places yet, so we took the advice of the gal at the Kinko's counter and had brunch at Hubbard Avenue Diner.I always feel so much better about a place after I find a decent place to enjoy a meal...I think it's my favorite thing about traveling. Hubbard Avenue Diner provided an extremely comfortable environment to have conversation over coffee, get a decent meal, and have a piece of pie if you're so inclined.Coffee was great. Breakfast cooked to perfection! Fresh biscuits, carnivore omelette was amazing with meat that tasted better than usual, hash browns weren't greasy like those those had after bar at Denny's the night before. Gross!I will definitely make a return visit to Middleton and will definitely add brunch at Hubbard Ave Diner to my itinerary.
3	I was here with a group of people for a bruch/lunch on July 4. A busy morning, but we were lucky in that we only had to wait about 20 minutes for a table. Being a huge pie fan, I had a good time looking at the pies in the display cases. For my meal, I had an omelet, with cheese and other stuff in it. It was good, but nothing too outstanding. I also had a slice of key lime pie. Delicious. But the reason why I feel like I can't rate this place higher is due to the slow service. By the time we left, there were maybe 50% of the tables full. It had gotten the point in the day where the wait staff was wrapping silverware in napkins. But I remember it took 15 minutes to get our pie. Literally, all they had to do is slice a few pieces of pie. I would definitely go here again, but just expect for it to take longer to get served.
3	Went their recently at about 2:30pm.  Not very busy.   We had to wait a very long time for or orders to appear.   They were good.  I would rate my Rube about a 7 out of 10.   fair amount of corned beef.  good and flavorful cheese.   Sauce was so so.  Bread, ok but could have been better.   The Fiesta Chicken bowl was good with a nice variety of ingredients but we were sure it was to include poblano peppers which we couldn't find in the dish.   We should have said something but didn't.I requested soup with my sandwich for which I had to pay more for as a side.   It was just a cup of soup and not a bowl as I had hoped for.   Seemed skimpy to me.  The soup was good but nothing spectacular.The cheesecake was not that exciting.   It was ok.  Maybe a 6 out of 10.
4	I can't review  Hubbard Avenue Diner because I am a cousin of one of the executives and owners. Darn it. Try the Popeye Omelet.
3	Been here twice so far since moving to Madison this summer; once for Friday night fish fry, once for brunch (ordered a quiche & hash brown special, which came w/ sweet bread and a fruit cup). The fish fry was quite good -- light, flaky, a bit greasy but that was to be expected. Fries were tasty. The brunch special, though, was pretty mediocre. Friends dining with me on that occasion were underwhelmed as well. But for a nearby diner, the styling of the place is OK, service satisfactory, and love the pi t-shirt slogans. Speaking of which, have yet to try the pie -- next time!
3	We stopped here for breakfast on day 2 of our Southern Wisconsin mini vacation. We were waiting for the Mustard Museum to open and Hubbard Ave. Diner is literally right next door.The breakfast food was ok. Chris had eggs, bacon and pancakes and I had potato pancakes with a side of bacon. It was nothing exciting or memorable, but good enough. It was a bit pricey for what we got.We loved the Art Deco design and architecture of the place although it is new and not period construction. They have a large assortment of pies on display, though we didn't get a chance to try any.The service was good and the restrooms were clean and handicapped accessible.
3	It's a Food Fight restaurant, and this place has reliably decent food in big portions for reasonable prices.  It's very similar to Market Street Diner in Sun Prairie, and like there, the real star of the show is the pie.  I've only been here for dinner, and I've never had any complaints.
3	Very tasty comfort foods. I love their chicken chili and their milkshakes/malts. I had a great experience with the brunch on Christmas eve morning.  We have also ordered cakes here and they are always beautiful and tasty. They are very very slow.
4	Good food, but maybe a bit more then average price.  I had the meatloaf dinner last time we were in and it was good if a little drier and heavier then Mom made when I was a kid.  My wife really liked her food and I enjoyed mine.  The atmosphere is pleasant if busy. Overall a nice experience.  Would recommend the pies.
3	I have been a fan of this diner for years--mostly based on breakfast experiences, but the past couple of visits have brought it down from a better rating in terms of both food and service.  The interior of Hubbard's has a fun, 50's diner decor that was once a novelty, but now seems a dated trend  --and something for which you pay extra to maintain.On a visit today, my spouse and I asked about an item we had previously loved on the menu, and were told by "Kara" the waitress (who is too good for her job)--that it had been taken off the menu over a year ago.  Not, "so sorry, we no longer carry that" or "i'll pass along your feedback to the mgt" or "you're right, that was great"--just an impatient attitude that we hadn't kept up with the Hubbard Universe of Menu Updates and were wasting her valuable time and attention.The waitress also went through the motions when it came to service--putting down the plates and asking if we needed anything else as we watched her back walking away from us.  We had to call out and stop her in her tracks for Tabasco---and got the hand. No drink refills, no plates cleared, nothing.  It was the end of the Sunday brunch rush, there were fewer and fewer patrons, and one could sense the changing of the guards, but still. Although we had planned to take advantage of bringing home a slice of pie or another tempting treat from the extensive bakery, our waitress's indifference and later ongoing disappearing act changed our minds--we felt lucky to get the check without waiting forever.As far as the food goes, our omlettes were delicious, filled with fresh and generous ingredients, but the hashed browns had been on the grill far too long and were practically inedible. Too bad no one asked--not the waitress or the hostess, who never said a word--about anything-- upon our arrival or departure.   The prices at Hubbard's have risen yet again--but the quality of the food and service have not. Throughout our latest meal, various workers were scurrying about to finish their side work and clean the floors--one young woman was vigorously sweeping  a pile of restaurant floor ICK right next to our table--clearly raising dust --and taking away our appetites.  I understand that this work must be done--but how about some consideration for patrons who are still trying to eat without dust as a condiment?  If the same vigor had been applied to giving service to diners as was given to the workers' desire to  clean up and leave, we certainly would have had a better experience.
4	Nice atmosphere, perfectly-sized plate of food for a good price. Homemade biscuits are to die for, and I'm usually not a biscuit fan. Wait was a little long, but to be expected mid-morning on Sunday. Will definitely come back here.
4	Great breakfast, lunch and pie! Haven't tried dinner yet.
4	Great find.. Fresh and tasty ingredients, Breakfast was amazing.  From what i hear the baked goods, pies etc are amazing here and def worth tryiing.Can't wait t come back
5	Best breakfast in Madison!
5	Sunday pot roast dinner.  Please, go on a Sunday.  Be overwhelmed.  It's just amazing roast beef (pull apart tender) with a giant helping of mashed and gravy along with a dinner roll and beans and carrots.  Our waitress was one of the nicest, most genuine servers I've ever had.  Ever.  She bounced from tables to the counter and always stopped to ask how we were doing, if we needed anything, and give us some tips on dining and sights around the area.  The pie.  Oh, the pie.  I had the duo of silks.  Out of this world good.  I highly recommend this place over Bluephie's (same restaurant group, different take at each place).
3	i like this spot, but it's kind of frustrating. it advertises itself to be gluten-friendly, but it's not. pointing to the crouton-free-salads and bun-free-burgers on the menu as the gluten-free options is not really being gluten-friendly (this during hours when they randomly decide to not serve actual gluten-friendly dishes like the delicious blackened catfish). and for a spot that has a whole room of baked goods (pies, cakes, cookies, muffins, cupcakes, etc.), i am really surprised they do not provide ANY gluten-free options, whether it comes from their kitchen, or the nearby silly yak (who serves many madison/middleton-area restaurants). c'mon folks...again, i dig this place. they just need to step their game up.
5	GREAT PIES!!!This review -- and my rating -- are for the bakery ...and, in particular, for the PIES!!!For many years, my wife and I have been stopping in Middleton on our annual trek to Spring Green.  Although Spring Green's "House on the Rock Resort" and its "American Players Theatre" are wonderful, currently, the city is simply not a food hotspot.  But Middleton is another matter -- it has many restaurants and multiple bakeries to consider!This year, on a beautiful, mid-August Saturday in Middleton, we stocked-up at Clasen's European Bakery, had a brat at their outdoor brat stand, walked next door to Culvers for a banana split, drove a few blocks to the infamous National Mustard Museum (where we replenished our depleted mustard reserves) and walked next door to the Hubbard Avenue Diner.This was our second visit to the diner, but I had almost forgotten how great their bakery was.  As soon as you walk through their doors, you are standing in front of their bakery case, which is always loaded with tall cakes and beautiful pies.  This year, though, as I was standing before their showcase, I felt that I was in the "National Pie Museum"!!!  So much good stuff!!!My apologies to the young lady behind the counter for all of my questions and for my "kid in a candy store" enthusiasm (she was very kind to me, though, smiled and answered all of my questions).  Eventually, my wife and I selected three slices of pie to go.  I ordered a Hot Fudge Malt and a Strawberry Shortcake (it looked like a double decker Strawberry pie!).  My wife ordered a Butterscotch Meringue.  We placed the three individually-boxed slices into our cooler and drove to the hotel.Our plan was to rest for an hour, take a shuttle to the theatre and to sample our desserts upon our return.  Neither of us could wait that long -- we dug into them right away!  Here is what we found...The Hot Fudge Malt pie was very good and flavorful, but just slightly heavy for someone who has had too much to eat.  The Strawberry Shortcake pie, however, was a surprise -- it was actually vey light, very moist, fresh, flavorful and tasted almost exactly like strawberry shortcake.  Even the crust was excellent.  This was my favorite.  As my Chocolate Malt pie was to me, my wife's Butterscotch pie was slightly too heavy for her (remember that we had already had a lot to eat!).  That said, although I usually don't like butterscotch, if I had had any room left, I would have eaten the whole thing!  Still, that Strawberry Shortcake pie is still my favorite.  I'd like to add it to my daily diet!!!Moral of this story -- go for the pie and bring your appetite ...and maybe a camera, too!
3	Not a bad little diner.  The food was about what you expect for diner food, some things amazing, some mediocre.  They were packed on a Sunday at 11:30 and we had to wait about twenty minutes for a table.  Normally wouldn't be super frustrating, except they were very slow to bus tables and seat people.  We really could have been seated sooner than we were.  The service was pretty good.  Our server didn't exactly come back to check on us a lot, but she was on the floor quite a bit and we were able to call her over when needed.  I ordered the burger with a cup of chili and a side of hashbrowns.  They burger was nothing special, the chili was ok, but yum yum, get me more of those hashbrowns!!  They were perfectly crispy shoestring cut taters.  All they needed was a bit of salt and a good dousing of ketchup and I was in psuedo-breakfast HEAVEN!  Hubby got the Sunday special of pot roast with mashed potatoes and gravy and green beans.  Thankfully we have a deal about quantity over quality, so halfway through the meal, he was willing to trade 3/4 of my burger for a paltry amount of his roast and potatoes.  Worth it!  The pot roast was really tender and the potatoes and gravy were creamy and perfectly seasoned.  Skin on, baby, the only way potatoes should be served. They had millions and billions of pies, so of course, I had to have a slice.  I'm not sure if it was just because I was already stuffed, but the cherry pie for me was only ok.  Too much fake syrup, not enough cherries.I would go back though, just for a couple more servings of hash browns.
1	Thumbs down!  Worst Rueben I've had in a while. $9.80 for a Reuben with fries. The pastrami looked like it had been fried and was old; it barely tasted like pastrami. If I bought this pastrami at a store, I would never buy it again.The sauerkraut was dark and flavorless, as if it sat in a hot pan all day, then got reheated for today. The 1000 island dressing may as well have been mayo; there was no tart or sweet flavor to it. Which is a shame, because I've always enjoyed eating at the Hubbard Ave Diner.
2	I was disappointed with both the food quality and service, but have only been there once so hopefully my experience was atypical. The frittata was bland. Copious amounts of tabasco were needed. The service was very poor. Waited a long time for a menu, and had to repeatedly ask for coffee and condiments from a server who, although not rushed, just did not seem to care.
4	We stayed at the wonderful Country Inn and Suites in Middleton last weekend and volunteered for the Ironman WI. By the way all five of us girls ate on Monday morning, you would think WE all did the Ironman on Sunday....but we did all sign up for the Ironman 2013 in Madison. I had the BEST  Huevos Rancheros with hash browns. The homemade salsa verde has a definite kick so if you have a timid stomach, you may want to avoid it. Me: I asked for extra salsa. Great service, prompt delivery of our food and healthy portions. We were all so full we didn't even have time for pie,which was very disappointing. It looked so delicious.We asked the hotel for a local diner and we loathe Cracker Barrel for reasons I don't think appropriate to voice here.Bravo Hubbard Avenue Diner!
4	Hubbard Street Diner is a nice, large place that does a great job of putting a modern touch on classic diner food. Seating is widely spaced and the ceiling is high, and the place feels very large. It can be somewhat loud, yet you still feel like your conversation is private.I've been twice had had the specials both times: fried chicken once, and the pot roast another time. Both were remarkably good. The pot roast was a very large portion and while it was a little salty, that was the only fault. Otherwise it was great -- soft and tender, with rich gravy and strong flavor. Mashed potatoes and green beans came with. The beans were good, the potatoes good enough. They had a lump or two (intentional, I'm sure) and bits of potato skin inside; neither of which I care for. Still, I ate all of them. They tasted great.The fried chicken was crispy and hot, but not greasy like many other places. I'd say it's the best I've had in the area, easily. The coleslaw was good and the potatoes as I described above. I opted for butter, salt and pepper rather than gravy and liked it better this way. However, for a place that says, "Famous for pie!", I am seriously unimpressed. I had the French silk and the filling was way too thick in texture. The whipped cream was unnoticeable in the context of the dessert and disappeared from the taste of the pie itself. I would not order it again. The coconut cream was better, but too light in flavor -- adding some more coconut to the filling might fix that. The crust on both were good.Despite the pie issue, I would go back. Both dinners were good, and the menu has a wide variety of dishes. Perhaps I will give breakfast a shot one day on the weekend.
4	Gave them two stars four years back.  We have been back five or six times in the past six months and have been very impressed.  No complaints and look forward to my next visit.
2	This diner in downtown Middleton was close to the hotel we were staying at. It was about a 10 min wait on a Monday evening.I had the catfish sandwich with a chili side. The catfish sandwich was dry and the chili side was cold.My coworker had the pulled pork sandwich in which she described the buns as "brick-line!"  My second co-worker had the catfish bowl with cornbread which was just okay.For dessert we had the boston creme pie which was very disappointing. I had the strawberry rhubarb pie which was probably the highlight of the night. I heard that the lemon white chocolate pie was only good because the flavors were different.Maybe it was just a bad night but I'd recommend to skip this diner and try somewhere else.
4	Went last with with the wife (who is vegetarian), I ordered a classic burger and she ordered a portobello burger. We both were impressed. Pie was good for desert. Service was good. Overall recommend!
4	I don't think I've ever had a meal at Hubbard that I haven't enjoyed. We tend to stop in here on lazy Sundays when we pathetically can't be parted with our pj's because they do a yummy brunch quiche special till 11:30 or 12:00.I recently had the Huevos Rancheros on one of my better "early" mornings, and it was FANTASTIC. Crunchy corn tortillas, filling black beans, eggs your way, and cheese--because this IS Wisconsin. Good salsa verde with a kick on the side. I was, however, deeply disappointed in the brownie i had them bag up for me, though. It was dry, and not rich. I didn't even finish it. I DIDN'T FINISH A BROWNIE.Guess I gotta stick to the pie!
4	Went for post night-shift breakfast, because we were told we could drink here early in the AM. And we did-- the bloody marys are delicious, and spicy. The french toast is also delicious, not so spicy. All six of us enjoyed the hell out of our food, even though they made us wait out in the cold until they opened at 7. Overall, a great diner breakfast experience.
5	Loved the breakfast so much we went here two days in a row!  Pancakes and French toast were both awesome, as were the hashbrowns (cooked just how I like), biscuits, and veggi benedict.  Wish I would have had a chance to try the pies because they looked great too!  The service was very good both times.
3	It is really hard for me to give a breakfast restaurant a rating above 3. Hubbard Avenue Diner comes close. This place is seat yourself and is very casual. The meals come with some delicious biscuits instead of disappointing pancakes or english muffins smothered in butter. Also, the food is good and the menu is an average size as far as breakfast places go. The staff has always been very friendly and that has made for some favorable experiences.
2	Pie is good but the food was cold and stale. It tasted like it was a day old, surprising since we waited over 45 mins for it to come out. Lots of Madison residents have suggested this restaurant but it is over rated.
4	I came here on a Saturday for brunch and Hubbard Avenue Diner did not disappoint! We arrived around 1pm...the place was busy, but they seem to turn over tables fairly quickly. We only waited about 10 minutes to be seated. I LOVE all the pi references =) We ordered coffee and the waitress brought a small carafe to the table for self-serve refills. Nice! For food, I ordered one of the daily brunch specials, an egg scramble with sausage, mushrooms, onions, and cheese served with hash browns and a biscuit. The scramble was cooked well and included the right balance of eggs and "stuff." Hash browns were crispy and the biscuit was flaky and delicious. My breakfast mate ordered the daily quiche, which included a unique hash brown crust (rather than a pastry crust). I was told it was yummy =) Overall, I'd come back to Hubbard for a solid, quality brunch. The breakfast menu is not super extensive, but they offer good options, plus the daily specials keep it interesting. I'd like to try some of the more unique dishes, such as Potato-Zucchini Pancakes or Breakfast Quesadilla.
2	Kind of a cute place, although a bit kitschy. The pulled pork sandwich was greasy and messy, but decent, but the banana cream pie contained gray bananas and left something to be desired. The coconut cream pie that a friend ordered was delicious!
4	Just buy a whole pie vs 5 dollars a slice. The place was good. The only problem was 20 min wait was really 40. They should have the buzzer things that reach to the mustard museum. No place to sit while waiting.  For the price the burgers were big. Sunday is pot roast but I didnt feel like paying 13 dollars for pot roast.
5	My b/f and I were staying at a nearby hotel and woke up with the kind of hunger that a measly room service breakfast just won't satisfy.  He pulled out his phone and searched for nearby yummy places to get our grub on at.  He found a place called 3 Sisters.  Sounded awesome.  We threw on some clean clothes and out the door we went.  ...As we pulled up I had just remembered that it was Easter morning - dammit.  They were closed.   So we took a little drive and stumbled upon this diner.  Looked cute, it was busy, so we parked and went in.We waited a whole 30 seconds for a table.  THEY HAD MIMOSAS.  Done.  I ordered one.  Joe had some OJ.  They had a cute little menu for breakfast.  One of the dishes that caught my eye was the potato zucchini pancakes...yum!!!!  I didn't order those though :( I did order the special breakfast quiche.  And my oh my was I a happy lady :) You had the option to get either the typical pie crust OR a hasbrown crust.  I decided to walk on the wild side and get the hashbrown crust.  Just delicious!  Joe ordered their french toast, 2 eggs, bacon, and hashbrowns.  The french toast was creamy and delicious.  They make the cinnamon swirl bread that is the main star of the french toast.  Obviously.  He also got a biscuit as a side.  It was the size of a small child and more delicious than I can begin to tell you.  It was tangy, flakey, buttery, chewy...heaven.  We ordered 2 to go.  I also ate them with honey.  Ohm nom nom.We were too full to order pie :( that and we had no where to store the pie at.  We were checking out of our hotel that morning and headed back home.  I hear that it is delicous.  They had a chocolate cake that was like 2 feet tall.  I had a dream about that last night.If you find yourself near Middleton, WI or Madison... go here.  Eat.  Drink.  Be Merry.  And bring me some pie.  OR biscuits.
2	We came here for brunch because the two other cafes in the area close earlier. I was surprised to find that the comparable menu items I would normally order at other establishments were significantly more expensive for smaller portions. I decided not to overpay and only had salad. I now remember why this is our Restaurant of last last resort.tl/dr: Overpriced!
4	Very solid food. The menu has a good variety of food with both vegetarian and non-vegetarian options. It's not the fanciest food, but when I have visitors or when we can't decide where to go, this is just a good solid option that will have something for everyone.
4	FINALLY!For a long while I've been saying, "I wish there was a place in Madison where I could get a decent, cheap breakfast." Now a few things. Hubbard teeeeeeeechnically is in Middleton, but it's better than decent. So yeah, if you're on the isthmus you gotta get in the car and drive, BUT it's worth it. And I will continue to do so until someone tells me there is something better closer to my pad. 4.50 you guys. FOUR. FIDDY! One egg scrambled (or however you'd like) hash browns and a house-baked biscuit! Add another egg and it's a tiny bit more, add some meat like snausage or bacon and add a bit to the price, but still well under ten bucks. It's bigger than its east side bro Monty's so finding a place to sit has never been an issue for me and the staff is super nice. I'm a fan of you Hubbard... I'm a fan. Just wish you were closer because I'd be there more often if you were. Or I were. Or... we were? I don't know, you get it.
5	Hubbard Ave is my go-to brunch spot when I'm looking for hash browns, omelets and pancakes (or corned beef hash or meatloaf of the gods). Especially when friends are in towns, since they love the home-cooking feel and the Mustard Museum is right next door. (The Mustard Museum is perfect for a short walk when I've eaten too much at Hubbard Ave Diner, which is every time.) Brunch is a solid four stars, every time.The extra star is dedicated to their Strawberry Shortcake.June 14, 2013 was Strawberry Shortcake day and pies were on sale. I had friends in town, so I thought - what a great excuse to buy a pie! I almost ate half the pie before they arrived (oops!) The pie was covered in whip cream so frosty cool it was almost like ice cream. The shortbread was light and moist and covered in fresh strawberries. It was the perfect combination of whipped cream, shortbread and strawberries. I ate this pie last week and I'm still daydreaming/talking to my co-workers about it. Thank you, Hubbard Avenue Diner, for all that you do.
3	I went here for lunch.  It's not for the average 1 hour lunch place.  It took us a wee bit longer to get our food.  The food was ok, I was under the impression that the tuna steak gyros would be sliced pieces of tuna or at least a tuna filet that was cooked the way I liked it.  It was a well done piece and it would have been better broken up into pieces.  It was tasty, just too much tuna for each bite of my gyros- it took over the bread, vegetables and their dill sauce.  My friend had the hamburger and was able to only each half.  She really enjoyed it.  We also brought back with us the pie, because...it's pie and you should never leave without dessert.  It was tasty even on the next day.  I can't say that I'd get the tuna again, but I'd give them a shot on another dish!  Oh, and I was informed that going here for breakfast is good and cheap!
4	Kinda pricey but very good
4	Great location, great atmosphere, great service and delicious food.We had White chicken chili and turkey pesto blt. Had an awesome pie at the end. Will go back again for sure.
2	Service was incredibly unremarkable, slow and inattentive even though they weren't busy. Blt was not any better than hospital cafeteria food. Pesto mushroom sandwich was the best of our dishes, if a little too cheesy. Chicken chili was okay, but underseasoned. Would not return.
3	I went to Hubbard Avenue Diner for the first time for dinner on a Tuesday night. We were seated promptly and our server brought us water right away. The place was pretty busy for a Tuesday, and it seemed like they were well staffed.We had a tough time choosing what to order, since everything sounded pretty good. In the end, I went with the white chicken chili (which the menu said they were famous for) and my friend went with a burger and fries.The food arrived a while later. I've got to say, mine was the least white White Chicken Chili I'd ever seen, but it was really delicious! A nice mix of beans, chunks of chicken, and a flavorful base, topped with cheese and green onions. My friend reported that her burger was "what she expected", typical diner fare.After our waiter brought the food, it was tough to get his attention. When eventually I asked for a box, he disappeared for several minutes. My companion pointed out that the boxes were within a few steps of our table. I almost got up to grab one myself when he finally returned.The service wasn't that great, but the food was pretty good. I'd like to return for breakfast, and to try some of their ridiculously good-looking desserts!
3	My fiance' and I ate here since he is a Hubbard, and I'll soon be a Hubbard. In the end, the name was the most interesting thing about this restaurant. The food was fine. Not awful, not that delicious. Service was fine. Our food came out quickly, the server girl was prompt, but not too friendly. The atmosphere was, of course, like a diner.Our pie was not good. Sign after sign -- on the front door, on the menus, on the "seasonal pie" flier on every table -- talked about how Hubbard Avenue Diner is "famous for pie." We split the "Raspberries and Cream" slice of pie from the "seasonal" menu. It was made with a cream-based filling (think banana cream pie) as opposed to raspberry chunks like a traditional fruit pie.I couldn't find the crust. Well, I found a little -- it was a strange, flaky texture (almost phyllo dough-like) and very thin. The topping on the pie was, I believe, supposed to be a cream cheese topping. You know, cheesecake-y. The baker, though, must have forgotten to add any sugar when mixing the topping. It was a nice mouthful of cream cheese. Just straight cream cheese."Famous for pie"? Why?
3	I have eaten at Hubbard several times. I am usually pleased with their food and service. It's not the food I have an issue with... it's the pie. Which is weird because that is what they are all about. I have had tried a few of their pies, and I'm not impressed. The worst one was the banana cream pie... that is the nastiest piece of pie I have ever had. The bananas were firm but slimy, like they had been coated in something to preserve them? I don't know, but the pie didn't have much flavor at all. The other pies I have tried are key lime, and I think it was a peanut butter cup one. The peanut butter cup chocolate one was ok, and the key lime again had no flavor. Your pies are pretty pitiful, which is pathetic considering that is what you all try to be famous for. I will continue to go back for the food but I'm pretty sure tonight's banana cream pie nastiness will prevent me from buying an over priced crappy piece of pie again!
4	I was born on pi day (3.14), so you'd think I'd be a huge fan of pie. I wasn't until I had Hubbard Avenue Diner pie. We ordered a slice of the strawberry rhubarb, and between bites of pie I was all WHOA and OMG spices and wouldn't shut up about it. Pi day might just have to be pie day, instead of what it was before -- icecream cake day.They were open Labor Day, which led to ten points for Gryffindor. Despite being swamped that whole morning, their staff was friendly, efficient, and worked well as a team. Plus, our waiter laughed when we said we wanted pie first. I think he knew we had our priorities straight. We ordered the standard diner scramble and the veggie quiche, both brunch specials. They were well balanced meals, flavor and texture wise; my quiche came with a cup of fruit and slice of blueberry loaf. There seemed to be several gluten free and vegan options too, which is considerate -- not something you see often in a Midwestern diner.But seriously, their pie. Next time I'm invited to Thanksgiving, or maybe a 4th of July BBQ, I'll sign up for pie and I'm sure it'll be the hit of the party. If not, then there'll be more for me.
2	Pretty disappointed with the breakfast.  High price, lower quality.  It is pretty hard to screw up hash browns but they were able to do it.
4	If my mother was a diner, she would be embodied by Hubbard Ave Diner..this place epitomizes home cooking. It makes me happy, warm, and fuzzy. Thank you Hubbard Ave.
5	This place is located in "downtown" Middleton and is centrally located.   Easy parking also.   I just moved to Madison so I have visited this place a few times.   Once for lunch, yummy, and twice for breakfast, double yummy.   It is a clean diner with great service.   The food has been served quickly and hot.   Try some pie.   This place is worth the visit.
3	Like the true deli experience, the true diner experience is hard to find in these parts. The Food Fight group's twist on this slice of Americana nails it in most respects and misses it in just a few. Here are my key performance indicators for excellence in dinerology:- Simple food spun up by a short-order cook with a mouth that makes a sailor blush. - Bad coffee brewed in a Bunn-O-Matic and poured by a gruff waitress who, with her smoker's voice and polyester uniform, can keep up the banter with the foul-mouthed cooks. - Pie for dessert.Here's my analysis of the KPIs: - We didn't talk to the busy cooks, but the waitresses appear as if like they could hold their own in the kitchen. They don't wear polyester. That's OK. The food is simple: turkey dinner good, cole slaw good, skip the fish fry, eat the French fries. The patty melt is an old diner standby. Get it here, even if it's Lent and you're Catholic and it's Friday. If God has tried the fish, he'll excuse you. - The coffee is OK, not terrible, and the pie is great. If you visit during the holiday season, do yourself a favor and get the candy cane pie and ginger cake.
2	I wanted to like this place. I really did. But the fried fish was tough and the french fries only luke warm. The chocolate shake was the redeeming value.
5	This place rocks!!! The staff is super nice, friendly & helpful... They offer cookies, cakes & pies too( which are on display)... I have yet to try these but I shall.... perhaps my next visit.....The restroom is kept clean too.. looks like an updated 50s kinda joint... fun, relaxing, enjoyable..some place to bring the visiting relatives... oh yeah.... they don't have(at least summer of 2013) hot dogs... have cheeseburgers but no hot dogs(?)....I'm not one for hot dogs but thought you should know...
5	Great place, friendly staff and DELICIOUS FOOD & BAKERY!  I love the fun diner vibe and cute "pie" t-shirts.  Baked goods are dangerously good!  :)   I've been here for dinner a few times!
5	I stop in for pie every time I'm in the area for business. I pick up pieces for everyone in the family. This trip, I picked up strawberry cheesecake, oreo cheesecake and French silk and ate the strawberry cheesecake right away. Oh yum!!!! I had to go back for more before I headed home!
4	Highlights/lowlights-great service-just like many Madison brunch spots be prepared to wait-good foodCame to Hubbard Avenue Diner on a busy Sunday morning around 11:30. The space resembles a 50's diner, particularly the bar area. We were told there was a 20 minute wait for a table or we could be seated at the bar whenever space was available. Two seats opened up right at the bar as soon as we got there (obviously fate). Sometimes you don't get great service when you sit at the bar, but that is NOT the case here. The service at the bar was excellent. There were a lot of great options on the menu but I finally landed on the southwest omelet and my boyfriend got the "mile high" (Denver) omelet. Both omelets were great and balanced the egg, extras, a cheese really well. We will definitely be back again!
2	I've eaten at Hubbard Ave Diner many times.  Great pie, good service, average food, really inconsistent execution by the kitchen.  If they aren't busy, you've got a good chance to have your order arrive correct (as in get what you ordered as you ordered it) and hot.  If they are busy, forget it.  They really need to have an expediter in the kitchen.
5	Our favorite restaurant in Middleton. I regularly get the black bean burger but have tried many of the menu items and it's just really well prepared good hardy food. It gets very busy on the weekend and some evenings but it is well worth the visit.
4	I am surprise this is not higher than 3.5 stars.I have hit Hubbard mostly for breakfast and it has always been a very positive experience (if you don't mind a weekend morning wait).  Good service, good food, good variety, no weak points, which is rare these days.I would go out of my way to eat at the Hubbard, which puts it in a 4 star category for me.
4	I feel like I should write two reviews for Hubbard - one for their food, and one for their pie. First - the food. It's okay. Just okay. We've had a number of breakfasts there that taste like they sat under a warming light for too long.  Things weren't fresh. hashbrows tasted soggy.  Just okay. Their mac (the food I eat more than any other food when we are out) was also just okay.  The waitress claimed, as she brought it one time, "The BEST mac and cheese." I have to disagree with her. It's pretty mediocre.  I would give it 3 stars. It's not horrible. It's not great. It's just...yes...I'm going to say it again...okay.The pie, on the other hand? Delicious.  Single handedly the BEST lemon meringue pie I have ever eaten. I confess that sometimes we stop and buy a full pie and just eat it as a family for no good reason other than it's amazing.  The pie? 5 stars.So what do I give The Hubbard Avenue Diner overall? Well, mathematically speaking, I guess it's a four.  Four stars.  But just go for the pie.
4	Great place to eat for good diner food. The fresh toast is especially good and the coffee is never ending....gotta love that. Great bakery case as well...pies galore!Parking is ample, staff is friendly and if you get there around 7:45 on a Sunday morning seating is instant.So, if in Middleton looking for a place to eat...that should be your choice.
4	Carrot cake is Devine! The best I've ever  had!
2	This is the most overrated establishment in the Madison area. If I hear one person talk about the food and the PIE, how GREAT the pie is, I will scream. Yup.My friend and I got there and we are waiting to be seated. We were acknowledged and asked to just step aside because a person with a walker was coming through. No problem. Then another party of two walks in and they are seated immediately. WHAT?!  We had been waiting and did a nice thing and were skipped over.So we waited more and more. The place was cold and it was raining so the wait was even worse. Finally we are seated. Our server took over ten minutes to get to our table. When she got there, there was no greeting. She just asked us what we wanted. Wow. So much for service.So then, we order. My order: coffee and a cobb salad. Coffee does not take too long. It took almost another ten minutes to get coffee. I am not kidding. This was probably the WORST service I have ever received. I get my coffee and shortly after my salad comes. Here is the thing, I never saw my server again until I was done with my salad. thank goodness the salad was fresh and delicious. If I had needed anything, I would have been SOL. Yeah, she never checked on us. I then ordered a piece of apple pie warmed. I was SO excited for this. PIE!  This place is "the" pie place. The pie was ok. And kind of pricey for being "ok." $4?  No way. I can get a better slice of pie elsewhere. My server also barely warmed the pie. Needless to say I was disappointed so I just took the rest home. All in all, that visit took nearly two hours. Yeah....Coffee, a salad and pie. They were not exceptionally busy. There was no mad rush. And I was not high maintenance. For average pie, you should pick your service up.Sorry, I am not sorry, for thinking this place needs to stop relying on its reputation and provide good pie and good service.
2	Just a note. The proprietor of Hubbard Avenue Diner reached out and addressed my issues. I really appreciate his attentiveness. That act alone will ensure that I try the diner again.
5	We used them to cater three events at my office and they were AMAZING!!! I would totally recommend using them as a cater. Jose was very accommodating to my special requests and I believe they went above and beyond what they had to do for us. The desserts were always the biggest hit of the meal. We had pies one day, carrot cake another and sugar cookies the other day. Everyone raved about it! We will be using them again for sure.
3	Good basic diner food with a decent veggie burger. Otherwise, vegan options are basically nonexistent. It is a shame that they do not have some vegan pies because the non-vegetarians in my family really enjoy them. It is also kind of odd that they are located about a block from a great, vegan-friendly bakery (Blooms), which should provide inspiration.
5	Okay... not sure where to start. The food was amazing. The service was amazing. The dessert selection was amazing. We went on a Wednesday at 1:30 and the place was jammed packed, if that tells you anything.We had their pie and their cheesecake, both where great. I had a burger, with the thickest slices of bacon I've ever had on a burger. My wife had the chicken salad that she scarfed down. The fries were great. This place that you wish every Denny's, Village Inn, Perkins, etc. could taste like. Simply amazing. Go there.
5	Great menu, tasty food, awesome pie. If you are in Madison you have to eat here. A classic american breakfast menu is what greeted me here. The portions were big and the price was fair. The eggs were so good I wanted to find out who supplied them for the diner. They just has this fresh taste that really stood out. (BTW I ordered my eggs over hard) This diner is clean and the staff is friendly. This place gets busy too, since they are right next to the mustard museum.But I had read that the pie was good here and so, with a full stomach from breakfast, I ordered a slice of banana cream pie. This was the freshest cream pie I have ever had in my life. I tasted no preservatives and the sweetness was balanced. The crust was flakey with no raw spots on the bottom.Highly recommended, do not pass this place up.
2	It is ok.  My folks love it, I think it is ok in a pinch.  This morning I had the corned beef has with eggs over easy.  Eggs were over something and the has was tired and dry.  Like I said, ok in a pinch but not my favorite spot.
4	don't matter. You need food? They got it, and lots of it! And pies  service is amiable. You pay at the front. There's parking. Writing is difficult. I love pie!
4	I love the Reubens! Dessert is delicious. Friendly wait staff. Often very busy and noisy. Decent prices and family friendly. Piece of
