3	I really like this place, it's got a really cozy feel to it and the food is yummy. Pretty standard Mexican fare, nothing stands out as being exceptional, but it's all tasty and comforting.
5	awesome.  i can't speak to their whole menu, because i've only had a couple of items...i try to order other things but i particularly love the macho burrito!  the complimentary chips are alway nice and warm.  delicious!  and their super friendly and quick.
5	A buck or two more expensive than your standard Vegas Mexican fare, but very good food and the servings are absolutely enormous.My nachos (yes, as my wife keeps reminding me, I know they are supposed to be an "appetizer" to be shared) came with a TROWEL rather than a fork.
5	They should change the name of Coyote's to Zarapes as that is easily the best thing on the menu!  We have been going to Coyotes for over 10 years and have always received excellent service and the food is always great.  The dinner Zarape portion is enough for me and my husband to split and walk out feeling over stuffed.    Very yummy!
5	I've been coming to this place since I was a kid; it's a great family restaurant and has stayed constant in its great service and yummy comforting food.  The tamales are better here than at any other comparably priced Mexican restaurant, but they don't have the traditional pork...only beef or chicken tamales.The margaritas are great.  The chips are always warm and served with salsa and beans.  I got tortilla soup the other day, and the waiter brought me the bowl of soup with the tortillas and cheese on the side so I could add as much or as little as I wanted.   It was a nice touch.My husband had the Chile Relleno and thought it was amazing.  I really have no complaints!
3	This restaurant was recommended by a hotel staffer from the hotel nearby. She mentioned that it was authentic Mexican and that it was one of her favorite places, so my co-worker and I decided to try it out. Seeing as I love Mexican food, it was an obvious decision to go. It wasn't too far from the hotel, just a few hundred feet actually.The staff was very friendly. We were greeted and seated  within seconds. Chips, salsa and re-fried beans appeared on our table within minutes. The restaurant was very clean, with brownish walls and decorated with the typical decor you'd see in any Mexican restaurant. We were there around noon, it wasn't overly busy, but busy enough during lunch. Our waitress was friendly and prompt. I'd say our food arrived within 5 minutes of us ordering our food. I had ordered the 2 combination special, and had chosen a chille relleno and a chicken enchilada. I'd have to say, that both were just okay. I was expecting the chile relleno to be quite delicious,but it was just all right. The chile had some heat to it, but the egg batter was all mushy and the cheese wasn't gooey and melted enough. The chicken enchilada was a little better. The chicken was tastier and soft.  The rice was pretty dry. Wasn't as great as I thought, or was expecting. I probably wont' be back, I'd like to try other restaurants in the area. But, it was definitely worth the try. Great service though! Maybe it's what I ordered!
4	Coyote's Cantina is a throwback restaurant to my first experiences of traveling with my friends in high school to eat lunch/dinner after class.  I reminds me of first getting my car and going to the old United Artist theatre to watch movies.  I haven't been back to Coyote's in years but returned today on a spur of the moment lunch with some buddies.Upon entering, Coyote's had a few folks at the bar sipping their famous Margaritas.  We were seated promptly and brought drinks, chips, and bean and salsa dip.  The chips and dips were delicious and the lunch menu was reasonable and vast with selections.  I order the crab enchiladas and my buddies went with Carne.  Overall, the food was all great, fast, and the service was on par with any good Mexican restaurant in Vegas.  I'm a huge fan of Lindo here in town, however, Coyote's was a nice trip down memory land and a place I plan to revisit very soon.
5	My family and I have been going to this places for years and pretty much the same people have been working there. This place is so good the meals are big the prices are very reasonable. The service is fantastic and the food is so good like homemade nothing is pre packaged and you can taste the freshness and the flavors of the food mm so good!!
5	Five stars for the lunch-special margaritas.  Four stars for the food.  Five stars for the service.  This is about as good as gringo-style Mexican food gets in Las Vegas.Chips are always fresh and tasty as are the salsa and beans.  Personally, I love the crispy tacos at Coyotes, and the chile verde is different--served with potatoes--but still a cut above the chile verde most other places serve.This is a good place to eat, relax, and have a good time.  The staff at Coyote's make the whole experience very pleasant and memorable.
2	We hadn't been at Coyote's in a year, but since we were in Henderson, we thought we'd try it out again.   Service was good, the busser kept our water glasses full and chips and salsa coming.  We ordered the shrimp enchiladas and crab meat enchiladas.  Neither left me wanting for more.  I don't believe "real" shrimp or crab was used but flavored fish.  The flavor was not that of shrimp or crab.   The sauce on the enchiladas was just ok, nothing flavorful or that I would want to order again.  Side of guacamole, again, was jut mediocre.  Traditional rice and beans finished the plate....again ok.  Hopefully other munu items are more flavorful, as the ones we tasted would not bring us back for a return visit anytime soon.  Prices seemed to be more costly than most Mexican restaurants we frequent.  A simple bottle of beer was $4.75.
4	Stopped in for lunch today. Not my first trip and will not be the last. The place is warm and cozy with a cantina feel. They start by bringing out chips with refried beans and salsa to start.I had the Chille Rellanos with Chicken with comes with beans and rice as most entres do. Very good, had just enough heat to make you feel warm after coming in from an ugly rainy day. I was with some other co workers who all enjoyed their meals.Last several times there i had the fish tacos and almost ordered them again but decided it was time to try something better..good choice..: )They do offer lunch specials which is a plusStaff was on point and quick with several refills of our beverages
5	We have finally found our favorite Mexican restaurant since moving here last November. We had tried a few other well-rated Mexican restaurants in the area & just weren't impressed, but now the search is over! We just bought an entertainment book & I was excited to see the coupon in there b/c Coyote's was next on our to-try list.We went on a Tuesday & there were a few tables occupied but not many which is to be expected on a Tuesday. We were seated right away & immediately given warm tortilla chips with salsa & bean dip. My DH & kids devoured the bean dip & I thoroughly enjoyed the salsa. In fact, I need to call them & find out if they will sell me a container, it was that good. The menu was extensive & I had quite a hard time deciding. My hubby usually always orders a combo plate & after asking our waitress for suggestions, he decided on a Chile Relleno & Chicken Burrito combo ($12.99) He was served an enormous plate of food & said he was glad he only ordered a 2-item combo & not 3! The burrito was filled with melt in your mouth chicken that had been cooked in a verde sauce. The chile relleno was one of the biggest I'd seen & although the breading was a little too thick for my taste, it was still really good & extra-spicy, just the way I like it! I finally decided on the Chicken & Steak Fajitas ($17.49-ish.. can't remember the exact price) since I wasn't really in the mood for anything too saucy or covered in cheese. They were some of the best fajitas I've ever had. The seasoning was perfect & the portion was huge! I brought half home for today's lunch. mm mm mm I really liked that they served it with plenty of veggies, it's one of my favorite things about fajitas. Sometimes you get fajitas & it's mostly meat & hardly any veggies. Not so at Coyote's. Our waitress, Flavia (sp?) was very friendly & explained to us that they were a family run business that had been around for 20 years & that everything is homemade, down to the tortilla chips. I really like that in a business & we will definitely be back!
4	Oh how I miss the Crab Enchiladas in Verde (green) sauce!  One of my favorite Mexican plate of food anywhere.  They have the best chips, salsa and hot bean dip to snack on while waiting for your entrees as well.*insider Tip*If there is a wait for the restaurant, walk into the cantina and seat yourself.  It never fails for me...there is always at least one booth available immediately to the left of the cantina entrance (a bit hidden.)  I also think the service is much faster in the cantina as the waiters are in there often getting drinks for the restaurant customers.
2	This place used to be excellent and was packed years ago. The quality went down and the prices are way up. No value at all. They need to get this place back to where it used to be.
2	This place was ok. No this isnt going to be my new favorite mex rest. To be honest I was here since we had flipped a coin btwn Enzo's (across the street) and bc Enzo's wasnt open yet we came here. I was torn btwn the lunch fajitas $11.99 or the Crab enchiladas $16.99.  the regular order of fajitas was $17.99 (for 1) wow. ok. I went w/ the lunch order - and it came out less than 5 min. later. on a regular plate - not sizzling on the skillet like they do at any other restaurant I've ever been to and ordered enchiladas. I hoped my dissapointment didnt show too much b/c I've been known to show a "cara" when I get sad. It was 1/2 a plate of onions w/  4 slivers of fajita meat. 1/2 cup of rice and 1/2 beans. I'm glad the portions were that small so that I wouldnt eat too many calories @ lunch - but I know I'd never order that plate again. The meat was good (for the most part) but since there wasnt that much to judge, its easy to say it was good. SALSA: CAN you say PACE? it was sweet and gross. BEANS: the bean dip did taste good and surprisingly really good and authentic. how ironic.  usually the salsa tastes great and the beans are runny , however here the salsa sucked. SERVICE: VERY attentive. kind but like all salesmen trying to get you to order tequila, drinks, (at 11 am) beer, margaritas, dessert? anything? I hate trying to be upsold. If I said no 3x , you suggesting everything else on your menu isnt going to make me change my mind all of a sudden. maybe he knew b/c I didnt finish my plate that I left still kinda hungry. In all fairness Viva Michoacan is around the corner and is around hte same price bracket or lower - and tastes way better.
2	The decor is very well put together. Their chips and salsa are tasty, however, I would prefer unseasoned chips.For the size of the portions and the (lack of) quality of ingredients, this place is way overpriced.$3 for a soda?! $15.99 for a taco and two enchiladas filled with dry, tough, chicken, reminiscent of Dinty Moore or dog food.There are too many other Mexican restaurants in town for a greater value. That being said, we won't be partaking in their menu again.
5	when I lived in Vegas I used to come here all the time...the service is great, the food, especially the pork tacos and cheese enchiladas are phenomenal and their ultimate margaritas give even a guy like me a decent buzz....One of the few things I miss about living in Vegas is going here...the one star reviewers are high on drugs to give such sad reviews of this place...since moving here to Oregon it's been quite the journey to find any place remotely comparable...
1	12/28/11 DINNER.One of the single worst meals I've had in my entire life on this planet.Went with spouse.We started off with each of us ordering a $15 "large ultimate margarita". They ask you to call your tequila, I said "Herradura", but to tell you the truth, there is so much mixer in the drink, why bother? They might as well simply offer them with the cheapest booze in the well and charge you less for them. By the end of the drink, and dinner, I felt little to no buzz from a very large glass of cocktail.Spouse ordered a 3-item combo with a salad to start. The combo, one tamale, one taco, one chile relleno, was $16. The added salad was $3. $19 total. Ridiculous.I ordered the "enchilada de Cangrejo", AKA their "New Mexican" crab enchiladas. That single plate of food, 2 rolled tortillas with god-knows-where-it-came-from crab (Lake Las Vegas?), rice (which I didn't eat, cuz it was one of the worst versions I've ever tried) and beans (that tasted burnt, so I didn't eat them either) was $17. $17? Again, ridiculous.So ALL I ate were some chips, some salsa (which was sad), some bean dip (which was acceptable), two SUPPOSEDLY New-Mexican sauced (there was no heat or flavor) rolls of crab and cheese. That's it, for (with tax/tip) $35 for my portion of the meal.Now, I eat everything. I am not a snob nor "food challenged", I love most food put in front of me. And I NEVER get ill from food, unless food poisoning (maybe 6 times in 55 years?) is involved.Well, I was sick with indigestion for nearly 24 hours after this meal.Yet ANOTHER strike-out for Mexican food in Las Vegas Valley. And this was a MAJOR fail.
5	This place was fabulous!  We have lived in Vegas for 6 years now and we recently went to Coyotes for the first time a couple weeks ago.  The food was very good, the service was wonderful and if you are into drinking margaritas, their house margarita was very good for the price.We moved to Las Vegas from California 6 years ago and we have not been able to find what we think has been a restaurant that meets the high standards of Mexican restaurants in California.  After eating at Coyotes, we think we have finally found that restaurant.If you like Mexican food, you can't go wrong with Coyotes!  We will be going back over and over.
2	Easy access and good location. Menu limited Mexican options. Asked for the house specialty. Uninspired taste and food was served lukewarm. Dirty glass and prices are medium high for Mexican lunch food. Alot of good competition in the category and probably won't repeat.
3	So, Coyote's is your basic Mexican restaurant.  It is certainly nothing special, but I have never had food that I didn't enjoy. I generally ONLY come here because my sister LOVES the place.  With that said....Two good things about Coyote's:1 - they serve both salsa and bean dip with your chips (something not every place does).2 - they have a brand new happy hour menu with roughly 10 cheap appetizer options.   I believe this new happy hour goes from 2 - 5pm.
5	This mexican restaurant is one of me and my family's all time favorite.  We have been going there for many years now and the same people have worked there all this time.  It's nice to see familiar faces that also happen to remember our faces.  The food is excellent and their salsa is our absolute favorite from any restaurants we have been to.  The atmosphere is delightful, the food is served hot and tasty and the service is impeccable.  This will always be our number 1 choice for mexican food.
1	Ugg! We ate here these evening  only because We had a coupon Warning Sign 1 6pm and not busy The chips were good ,the salsa ok and they gave us bean dip. They are way over priced 13.99 for a SMALL chicken enchilada and a soggy taco Nothing had any flavor,Warning Sign 2  The waiter never came back to ask us about the food. My partner had the same thing and when the bill came it was almost25.00 with the coupon!The worst was we had to wait 15 minutes for the bill and the waiter never came back to charge my card This is a neighborhood bar and restaurant and they must have a great happy hour cause it ain't the food or the serviceWon't be back!
4	We were visiting Las Vegas and staying in Henderson. I ate here twice and had the chicken fajitas. They were one of the best I've had. The serving was very generous, the chicken was seasoned lightly. The salsa was fresh and tasty. My friend had the chicken salad with the creamy Italian dressing and said it was good.
5	Have been here several times.Fast service balanced with good food (large portions) and tasty margaritas to boot !Prices for what you get are a bargain.This is actually one place where you don't mind getting the bill in quick order so you can leave a great tip.Will be back.
4	We tried Coyote's per fellow Yelpers.I liked it. I ordered a "Cheese Enchilada" and it was the biggest Enchilada I have ever gotten!The Rice was OK but not great and the Beans were tasty.The Chips and Salsa were very good.It was $9.99 for my meal which I found fair.We didn't have to wait long for a table and the service was great.We will try this place again when on that side of town.
4	This is one of my favorite Mexican food places in Vegas.  I like that the staff is so friendly and always remembers us when we go.  I'd much rather spend my money on a small, neighborhood restaurant than a big chain.  I really like their chips (which are always served warm) and salsa and usually order their fajitas.
2	I went here on recommendation of friend of friend. I missed lunch and crave Mex carbs. Traveling to LV I know this town is a virtual wasteland when it comes to good Mexican food.As I walked in I had the feeling of deja vu knowing I had been here many years ago but no recollection of the food. There's a reason I blocked it out. Decided to sit at bar. Bartender was attentive and best part of the experience. Great chitchat and good Margarita. I had the (recommended) enchilada and chili Verdi burrito. The burrito was ok. The pork was pretty tender but there was potato chunks as filler. The beef enchilada was cold. She took it away and said they would put it in the microwave... Says it all there.Won some money in the bar slot machine and no charge for the drink. So the meal was cheap. No repeat
5	Visited again just a day ago.Great service, good food, excellent margarita's (frozen).Same overall quality food/service during busy and off hour times.Food presented failry well but has always tased better than it looks.
5	We have been coming here for years. It looks like a hole in the wall but once your inside the experience starts. One of the best Mexican places in Vegas. We moved to Summerlin and still make the drive to eat here. The service and food are amazing! The prices are great and the portions huge. Also love the chips and salsa! Highly recommend trying this place.
5	One of the best Mexican restaurants around. Looks like nothing on the outside but you'll feel right at home on the inside. Get anything on the menu and try not to fill up on the chips.
3	I tried this place several months back and was pleased.  We were on this side of ton after picking out some flooring and decided to stop in for dinner. This wasn't the same experience as the last. Started out with "Chili Con Queso". This was very cheesy and delicious.The prices seem to have gone up. I ordered the same thing as last time "Enchiladas Real" which is simply 2 cheese enchiladas and some rice and beans. It went from $9.99 the last time to $13.00. I asked the server to have them made with flour tortillas instead of corn. When he brought out our food he even said they were made with flour tortilla as he set them down so I knew he heard my order correctly. By this time he has walked away and my soda cup still empty. As I bite into my enchilada I taste that it was not made with flour tortillas. I had to wait 10 minutes until he came back to check on us to tell him about it. By this time the rest of my party had practically finished what they were eating. When I told the server he was very apologetic that it was wrong but never remade it! I still haven't gotten a refill on my drink by the way. When the server came to clear out table he saw i didn't eat my food except for the 1 bite. He offered to give me dessert to make it right. I said that was OK I would rather the meal just be taken off the check. 5 minutes later he brings an amazing looking ice cream. It was delicious and very thoughtful but being honest here he should have simply removed the meal from the check. The restaurant was clean and the food I did eat was good. My main complaint is with the service and how they choose to handle things. With the expensive prices it might just be worth skipping the future.
5	The food is great and the atmosphere is wonderful. It feels like I am sitting at a table in a Spanish home. It is a little pricy for some items, but totally worth it. And don't forget to try the fried ice cream.
1	Food was overpriced - Ten dollars for a burrito ala carte with no guacomole or sour cream. Shredded beef burrito was average quality but served luke warm.  Ordered regular margaritas - $4.99 on the menu but showed up as $6.49 on the bill.  Won't be back.
3	Went to Coyotes cafe for lunch today.. Wow it was expensive even with a coupon.  The food was good  but not great, the nacho chips with beans and salsa was the best part.  I will go back but only if I have BOGO coupon.
2	I agree with the reviewer who said "no value at all." That statement pretty much sums up the food at this restaurant. I wanted to like this place. I thought the decor was very cute with a southwestern theme throughout. It felt cozy and quaint. The decor earns the one star. Our server was pleasant, but once bringing over our food didn't really ever come back to check if everything was ok. The food was average at best. The prices were ridiculous. My carnitas "platter" was $16.99 and it was a handful of meat, a tablespoon scoop of guacamole, a tablespoon of sour cream, some tasteless beans and rice. The pork was not dry, but it was very flavorless. And being limited on guac, sour cream or any type of sauce to add for flavoring due to the server never coming back around to check on us, my plate was left half eaten. While still a solid amount of food on my plate, another female server comes from behind and asks if I am done. I say yeah, probably....does she offer a box for three quarters of my meal? Nope. I, in nicest way possible, reclaim my plate and ask her for a box. She trots off and drops one off at our table.Boyfriend had a "macho burrito" which was $14.99...pretty standard, average burrito - in portion and taste. We didn't bother waiting for someone to come by to ask for another box, so we just piled it up in mine.We ordered a strawberry margarita to share..it was ok tasting..they of course use low quality tequila like cuervo in it, but the price was $11.99!A simple bean and cheese burrito was $10.99. Beans and cheese and a tortilla...$11 bucks.  They need to truly re evaluate their prices or really improve on their food if they plan on sticking around.
3	Service was fantastic and promptFood was just ok. Enchiladas and Burritos seemed to be runny. No better way to describe it. Food came out very fast. Almost felt like it was pre assembled and then just reheated quickly. It tasted ok, but the consistency was off.Also a bit pricey for what you get compared to other Mexican restaurants. The quality is definitely not worth it.
4	Best Local Mexican food Happy Hour specials in town!!  See my pictures for the HH menu and prices.  We come here often around 5pm for the Happy Hour 2:30pm to 5:30pm.   Their house margaritas are AMAZING and super strong!   The Happy Hour food servings are the same as the menu servings, so they are not "cheating" the customer here.  The HH chicken quesadilla and flautas are our favorites!  We have ordered off the regular menu many times and find it a bit expensive - so happy hour is the pefect balance!They serve complimentary chips, salsa, and bean dip.  The service is always excellent.  While this is my first check-in and review, I have eaten here about a dozen times.  And will eat here another dozen more in the next few months!   Coyote's is kid friendly and our 2-year old loves the chicken quesadilla and flautas as much as we do.  I want to give Coyote's 5 stars, but their expensive menu discourages us from visiting during normal hours.  I wish they would consider a "locals" special or coupon card.
4	Happy Hour is the best. The chips, salsa and bean dip are phenomenal.I come here often for happy hour and always have their Mexican Pizza. Pretty tasty. Their Margaritas are also delish. Letty is usually bartending, she's great. Very friendly and attentive.
4	The staff here was so very very friendly! I would return just to chat with them - but there was plenty more to like.  The salsa was delicious, the beans were lard free and the chips were piping hot.  My lunch was also fresh and tasty and not smothered in cheese or anything like that.I would highly recommend stopping in for the lunch specials!
1	Went last night prior to movie...worth trying due to positive reviews.  Got chips and salsa, found hair in salsa as chip was heading to mouth.  Then, looked in glass of water and saw what looked to be what I hope was a small piece of paper with writing but server said it might be a bug.  Got right up and left, won't be back.
5	Delicious very good food always enjoy it here n Yummy margaritas : ))) Great service fun friendly staff
3	This place is...absolutely average with prices higher than average.  Honestly, I would not return here unless it was so close to the Galaxy Luxury+ Theater.  But, since it is right next door, I do manage to go here every five or six weeks.  So, just be prepared for some extremely average food and what seems like an extra $10-$15 on the bill.  Obviously I don't hate eating here, but it always feels like a compromise when I do.
5	One of my most cherished spots for the last 15 years and home of the Best Margaritas in Las Vegas.  When you walk in prepare to be hit with an authentic Sante Fe New Mexico feel and a southwestern food with a slight twist. Free chips, salsa, and re-fried beans wet your appetite for an experience that is sure to lift the spirits. I normally stick with the carne asada or flautas but I've never had a bad meal in 15 years at this place.
4	Pretty nice food. Very attentive and nice waiters and waitresses and greeters at the door. But I've been to a good amount of Mexican restaurant, yet I felt like some of the food wasn't authentic enough. I feel like it needs some more sauce on the food that I ordered which is called arroz con pollo. But for that night tonight still the best  mexican restaurant I have went to in Las Vegas at least for now
3	We went to Coyote's for lunch after seeing a movie at Galaxy.  It was larger than I was expecting, I saw an occupancy sign that said 220.  The booths were spacious and comfortable.  We didn't venture far into the restaurant, or to the restrooms, but what we saw was very clean.  Our drink order was taken very quickly, and our chile con queso came out quickly as well.  This is made with real cheese, no processed stuff here.  You can tell because when you tried to get it onto your chip, it left LONG strings of cheese back to the bowl.  This made eating a little difficult, but we loved it.  Not a lot of places near us have queso this good, we'll definitely return to get some more.  It could use more heat, but I generally think that, so I don't knock a star off for failure to make something hot enough.We each had a lunch special, my wife had the crab enchilada, and I had the Zarape, which is basically a large flour tortilla stuff with chopped fajita beef and topped with red and green sauce.  As per usual, I liked the green sauce better.  If I got this dish again, I would ask for all green sauce.  I thought the meat was very good, it was completely cooked, no pink whatsoever.  So, it was overcooked for my tastes.  But, it had good flavor.  I understand it's the lunch portion, but I feel like I had a lot of bites that were just tortilla and cheese, no meat. The rice and beans were good, I'd say above average for those typically served with an equivalent Mexican dish.  Also, as I looked through the rest of the menu, the prices seemed high for this type of establishment.  I certainly enjoyed my lunch, and would return to Coyote's, but some of the dinners seemed to be a few dollars higher than I would expect at a similar restaurant for the same dish.
1	My husband and I ate here and the service was horrible, the wait staff seemed lost and the manager was worse..after our order was finally placed and we recived our food it was completely wrong..we ate very little of it we didnt want to return it to the kitchem and wait another hour before we got food. Needless to say we will not be going to this place again.
4	Went here with a party of 8 after a gymnastics meet it was great food and wonderful service!!
5	Mexican food here is wonderful. The shredded beef taco plate is our favorite. Chips, salsa and bean dip come with every order. Margaritas can't be beat. We have been coming here for 16 years.
3	I go back and forth with this restaurant. I've been coming here a long time. I do like the complimentary chips, salsa and bean dip. It's my favorite part about gong to a Mexican restaurant.... Instant snacks! The chips come out hot and are refilled as needed. Service is usually pretty good. Our waiter made an great effort and kept our drinks refilled. I just feel that the quality of the entrees don't equal the price. The food is ok, but not amazing. I ordered the taquitos dinner, but the rice was dry. Beans and taquitos were average. I had mine filled with beef which was ok. My friend ordered a burrito but she found it to be dry. She thought it should have had some cheese on it.  All in all $30+ for two mediocre entrees doesn't seem to be that good of a deal.
1	If I could give this place 0 stars I would! Worst Mexican food I have ever had in my life! The food was extremely bland and soggy. Salsa tasted like it was straight outta the Jar. (yuk)The old man server told us in his 100 years of working there he had only one other person complain. LOL I hardly doubt that.
2	I don't live here and came with family.  I have been here several years ago but didn't remember the food.I am eating a healthier diet and the fam assumed this Mexican was like our normal place.  Not so.  We eat at a local place and have Baja style tacos for $2.50 ea and an amazing shrimp ceviche tostada for $3.50.  We can feed a family of 4 for about the same price as ONE entree here.My a la carte taco was in a fried shell.  I have never had that before and I eat Mexican at least once a week.  Also $5.50 ea!  Robbery.Anyways, I wouldn't go back.
5	I love this place. My wife & I visit here every couple of weekends. One of our favorite places. The food is flavorful & will not disappoint. The staff is always friendly & the environment is welcoming. By far SOME OF THE BEST MARGARITAS IN LAS VEGAS!!!
3	The ambiance and service is nice, but do not order he vegetarian burrito. It seems like just a frozen mix of broccoli, cauliflower, and orange and yellow carrots warmed up, wrapped in a tortilla, and some salsa put on top. The veggies aren't grilled or spiced. The veggies just fall out of the burrito if you try and cut it. I ate less than a quarter of it and then finished he rice and beans (which were good) and left the burrito. I went home and made something for a snack since this was so disappointing and I was still hungry.My parents had the steak fajitas and the combo with the chile rellenos and they were pleased and said they would return. They had wished the server had told us about any specials and about the happy hour drink specials. I probably won't be back since I can get a much better veggie burrito for cheaper elsewhere.
4	Much better then the critics from the RJ and weekly have rated it. Low key environment in the heart of Henderson where the prices won't break you and you can still get a very flavorful dish. I wouldn't say it's the best Mexican food in Vegas, but yet it's one of two I always crave when thinking about Mexican fare. Margaritas are good too and they offer plenty of flavors for everyones tastes. Beans and salsa are more addicting then any other place so be careful bc they are generous and will keep filling you back up. Definitely recommend.
3	This place was recommended by some good friends. I have to say, good service, decent food and a good margarita. Nothing spectacular, but good. A little pricey for the quality though. The main thing that upset me was, the "fried ice cream". We all know what fried ice cream is and when you're served a ball of ice cream rolled in soggy corn flakes... WTH... Not impressed. And they still charged me 7.99 after I complained about it. So, good service, decent food and drink, laughable dessert.
1	Would not even give this restaurant one star! The worst Mexican food I have ever had. The food had absolutely no taste, and the plate was drowning in cheese. Disgusting. Similar to what another reviewer wrote, the beef tastes like the beef from Taco Bell. In fact, Taco Bell has better Mexican food than this restaurant.The prices are also absolutely ridiculous. Have not seen prices this high in all of Las Vegas. They really need to lower their prices if they expect to have customers!Lastly, the service was horrible. After taking a drink order or giving us our check, the waiter would disappear for 20 minutes.Overall, a huge disappointment, and now I have a horrible stomach ache from the disgusting food.Thanks Coyotes!
5	Great happy hour!  2-5:30, great deals on apps and margs!House margaritas are strong enough to compel me to write this review after just the first one!I always judge a Mexican restaurant by their cheese enchiladas, as that is my favorite dish that I order everywhere I go.  This place did not disappoint!!  Although pretty much I could fill up on chips and bean dip - it's worth waiting for the food!
5	I give it five stars for the service alone. Seriously, the best service I've received at a restaurant in a very long time. The salsa and bean dip is fantastic and our food was very good.
1	May 30.14 at Coyote's at 9:18 pm I was turned away . The hostesses said closed.  So disappointed its Friday night in Vegas. WOW,, So Outback got my business.  I was not the only one turned away.
4	I love that they bring chips,  salsa,  and bean dip! best salsa in town, but after 2 flop meals I only go to the bar now & keep it simple. come for the Margarita lunch special & a taco
4	This is a great local Mexican Restaurant next to Luxury+ Theaters and Barley's Casino.  They have great margaritas ($24 for a pitcher). I love the family atmosphere of the restaurant and they obey traditional rules of a successful Mexican restaurant: Chips/Bean Dip/Salsa, Water without asking, friendly staff.Beef Chimichanga and Combination Fajitas were both ordered and were devoured!Note to diners, Arrive by 8pm as the kitchen closes early if they are slow. This is the reason I am giving it a 4 star.  The Joe's Crab Shack is opened until 11pm next door. The bar does have video poker! Not sure if they comp drink though, if you play.
1	I haven't been here in a really long time. This place has been in Green Valley longer than any other place I think. It was just terrible.The walls are a dingy yellow, with plaster repair spots all over. The plastic holder on our table was so dirty it stuck to my fingers, and you could hardly read through it. I ordered the crab enchilladas. They used mealy ground up canned crab meat that tasted like crap. Stale old rice and beans. None of the food at our table looked good, my friends said it was OK. There are many mexican places in town, I won't be coming back here. The best part of the meal was the margarita, large is $13, no thanks.
4	Tried Coyote's Cafe last night. Good bean dip and salsa, great fajitas!! Excellent service-we will be back!
1	Service is alright. The prices are high for what you get. Plastic cups and serving dish foe chips. Booth seat is on concrete. Chips were stale salsa was good. The carne asada enchilada meat was dry over cooked and red sauce was dry. Wife had pork chile Verde which was moist and tender OK flavor. Drinks were overpriced and food was edible considering we were tired we should have left and went to taco bell.
4	Happy Hour   margaritas were awesome and only 2.99.... Food was good. I had enchiladas. Defiantly coming back.
5	hands down best fahitas and margaritas in Vegas!!!
5	Stopped in for lunch and it was great. Nice quiet environment,  friendly staff. Waiter visited the table frequently to ensure we were set. The food seemed very authentic but with their own unique taste. Definitely would visit again.
5	The best Mexican food and margaritas in Vegas...Going there tonight and cant wait to have my favorite on the menu... beef fajitas!!Amazing servers and service brings it all home.
2	my parents have taken me to coyotes ever since I was in my mothers stomach she craved Mexican food when she was pregnant. coyotes is so close to my house that it was perfect, my parents would always kick back and have a couple margaritas while I enjoyed my root beer and bean and cheese burrito. but unfortunately business started to go down the drain for coyotes, and their prices shot up. my family stopped attending. I went a few weeks ago with my bestfriend and the food I ate with my friend was mediocre at best. it was nothing like what it was when I was growing up. very disappointing.
1	Never have I been left with such a churning in my stomach. I had eaten at Coyotes only once before. To my surprise, it was better than I had expected. Recently, I went on another venture to this restaurant only with an extremely different experience. Not only were the prices ridiculous, the place looked like a ghost-town. I cannot stand when I go to a restaurant and there are no other people. Not to mention the fact that I nearly couldn't make it to school the next morning. I would recommend this joint if you wish to have a legitimate reason for missing work. If, however, you are looking for tasty Mexican food, you are looking at the wrong place.
1	I can't even give this place 1 star but Yelp requires at least 1 ton posy. Having recently moved here from OC, it's very difficult to find decent Mexican food at a sit-down restaurant and we were hoping to find a favorite cantina we could count on.At first glance, the aesthetics held a lot of promise. Typical, familiar and nice restaurant layout.We sat down and opened our menus- way pricey for typical cantina-style restaurant. 10.99 single taco with rice and beans anyone? The chips came... Cold and all broken pieces. Salsa was bland. Had to ask them to bring something hotter with flavor.I ordered a chimichanga with chicken; hubby had carne asada tacos ($15-ish each dish!) Food was terrible. Cut into my chimichanga and a ton of watery chicken (canned?) came leaking out. Rice was bland.  Carne asada tacos were tough and not well seasoned. The waiter asked how we liked it since my burrito was virtually uneaten. Offered to bring another type of dish out but I was over it. They should have offered to remove it off the bill but they didn't.To top it off, we were subject to the LOUDEST trio of women (not drunk) behind us that drew dirty looks from everyone in the room. You couldn't hear anything except for their conversation and giddy laughter from taking selfie after selfie. Will NEVER go back to this place.
1	Not sure who the cook was for the evening, but we had dinner there on 1/1/15 and everything was bland from the bean dip and salsa to the main course. It's like they forgot how to season or did not season at all.  Very disappointed. Will not eat there again.
