3	First, it was called Samueli's, the Samuel's. Now Weiss. The name has changed, and the food has gone from excellent to horrible, back to excellent again...you never know what it will be called next. But as of right now, the food at Weiss is awesome. I used to love going to breakfast with my grandfather here, now I thoroughly enjoy a solo breakfast on the patio (when the weather permits) to cure a hangover. I can sit outside and read the paper and sip my tea without too many distractions or noise. It is across the street from the GV library, and in a pretty quiet shopping center. The only time it is really too busy for this is Sundays for brunch. I love the lunch menu too, it reminds me of a Boston deli with corned beef and matzoh ball soup (excellent, by the way) Green Valley lacked breakfast joints for so long, that even though they are popping up a bit now, my loyalties remain with Samueli's, Samuel's, Weiss...whatever it may be called.
4	Used to go when it was Samuels. LOVED it! They knew me, my family, my names - this was quite common and the place was always busy! Then the Weiss family came in. The menu changed a bit but the food quality is still SO good! Matzah Ball soup fans, this is the place! Great chopped liver, whitefish salad, omlets, challah bread - everything is so good! The downside? The service is VERY inconsistent. The staff will tell you (by talking loudly to eachother) when they feel overwhelmed or too busy or if a customer is annoying them. But we've also have GREAT service on occassion. The food/bakery is good enough to keep us coming back, but we are always apprehensive about the service level, each and every time.
3	For the food I would have to give 5 stars.The only problem is the shaky service.  If you to during lunch rush except very bad service.  Not sure why they can't hire another part time server.There have been times that we almost had to leave because of the bad service.I have to admit that I keep coming back for the matzoh ball soup!
4	This is a cute joint that reminds me of the Bagel Shop back home.  HUGE breakfast and lunch menus with lots of options.  I have been here quite a few times.  My grandma was ill and came two days in a row for the matzah ball soup.LOVE the corned beef hash...it is sooo heart-stopping good.  They have a first plate special (specials change daily) sometimes with the hash, cheese, chive hollandaise and poached egg....the Nova Scotia Florentine is awesome (like eggs benedict but with nova and spinach instead!).They have great, huge sandwiches.  I am a fan of tongue on challah.  I have also had the remington (open faced roast beef with horseradish).  Sides come with everything - fruit, home fries, or other salady stuff.  Service has been decent.  Also - Dr. Brown's soda in Glass Bottles!!!  Black cherry is my favorite.  The pickles are also delicious and you get a bowl for the table at lunch time.
5	hands down best bagels (in the world?)
3	For lunch my wife ordered a cup of chicken noodle soup and I requested my first ever matzo ball soup.  Same soup, but my matzo ball acted like a sponge without any noticeable benefit.
5	Excellent food. Bad Service. Now you know.
4	Best bagel I've had outside of New York. Better than any place I've been able to find in San Francisco or Los Angeles. I'm surprised it's not better known.The bagel is just a great combination of flavors plus the bagel has that combination of spongy and chewiness that you get in New York. I also got their hash with eggs for breakfast. Excellent hash they make themselves. The only partof the meal I didn't like was the potatoes.My service was fine, but I came during breakfast when they weren't busy.I don't know that people want a Goy to tell them what a good Jewish bagel is, but this was noteworthy food.
3	This is a very popular diner with families and the geriatric crowd. From this, you might correctly infer  that  "daring" is not what this place is about. But this is Jewish home-cookin' with all the good and bad that this implies.The various bagel and lox plates are wonderful.The latkes are just what they should be, and are served with both sour cream and apple sauce. The omelets are huge but often kinda dull and dry.The blintzes were the only item that I've received that I thought were a bit on the small side. But they were so rich and yummy that I was not disappointed in the end.So, if you like Jewish soul food (and maybe a bit of bacon on the side) this is worth a try. ...and on your way out, grab a slab of noodle kugel for later.It couldn't hurt.
4	This restaurant is a local mom and pop with good 'ol home cooking.  I ordered the eggs nova scotia which was filling.  The combination of eggs, salmon, cream cheese, and dill was great in this dish.  The "everything" bagel was fresh and when I asked for extra cream cheese the serving was enough to lay on a thick coat.  I've also had one of their gigantic sandwiches and the pickled tomato was tasteful.
5	This place is great but I've gotta break it down. They make most things "in-house" including the breads The portions are huge The prices are fair The taste is great ( we had the Ruben and chicken salad sandwiches) Now I'm going to explain a few things so you can decide if this place is for you. The decor is minimal and functional. Its the combo of an east coast Deli and Diner. I don't think you would like it if you're into "ambiance", but we loved it because it was just like back home. Also when I say east coast deli , I don't mean the overpriced , over rated ones that you can sometimes find in Manhattan. I'm talking about the ones where the neighborhood goes for lunch and morning coffee with a bagel. Now on to the food. The rye is amazing and the corned beef was out of this world. The chicken salad was like east coast chicken salad, where the chicken is almost puree and the ingredients seem equal in amounts combined. Most places on the west coast have chicken salad with big chunks of chicken and less of the other ingredients. I think both types are great, it just depends what you like. The potato salad was close to east coast potato salad (once again I say it so you can get what I mean, not because I just like saying east coast ). There are no bits of egg in it and it has an underlying flavor of vinegar. I added a little salt & pepper to spice it up, it could be considered bland. It's also made mostly with whipped mashed and some small chunks of potato.The fries were fresh and hot. Now on to the service, which I see has had the most disputed accounts on yelp.When we arrivedt it was around lunch time and the sign said "please seat yourself" so we did. The bus boy came quickly to take our drink order. The waitress came several times to see if we were ready to order, which could be misconstrued for "rushing you" depending on how sensitive you are. The food came within 10 minutes and we were pleasantly surprised with the portions (as I said previously). The waitress wasn't very engaging at first , but after our food came, she checked on us several times. As we commented on what we liked she told us more about how the food is made and the owners. She was very pleasant. As we were eating we could hear some employees discuss an issue regarding duties and other employees.Now if you are like most people you would find this inappropriate, but for us it felt like home.In any NY deli on any given day you can find the employees discussing everything from their after work plans to their cousin's bypass surgery while they take your order and make your food.I mean really have you met an "East Coaster" that hasn't tried to tell you their life story? So now that you know,  you can decided for yourself.As for us it was definitely "East Coast Official" and our new favorite place
4	My brother and his wife recommended this place when I mentioned that I had wanted to hit New York New York for theirPastrami on rye...the best.We'll I've found something better!!Everything was homemade from the Jewish rye to the Russian dressing. Their menu is extensive and everyone at our table loved their food. And yes, the service was just fine. It wasn't rush hour lunch but where is service great at 12:15?
1	I always liked weiss, when I found a hair in the butter the size of my waste, I said that's it! It is a turn off to see something like that in your food. Even though I told my wife about it she does not care she loves this place,but me, where it use to take me 5 mins to eat, now takes me 2 hrs because I am looking for another belt for my waist.
5	I'm picky ok and when it comes to pastrami on rye, i'm pickier.Everything about my sandwich was spot on.The deli might as well be some deck chairs in the middle of a parking lot on a 150 degree day, I wouldn't care, they'd still get 5 stars for that sandwich.
5	Every Sunday we visit the BF's father and have a barbecue at his house which is close to Weiss Restaurant.  On the way, we stop by at Weiss to get a pint of potato salad, which is so delicious and deserves 5 stars! I can't wait to try other items like Pastrami on Rye!
5	This place is like being home. It is the first place i have been able to get a good knish and rueben sandwich since I left Brooklyn. Worth the trip. Good friendly, but not annoying, staff. Seems like a good old school east coast deli.
5	I ate here again for omelets. My personal favorite is the Brentwood which is open faced with broccoli, swiss, bacon, and more. Very good. A nice heaping of toppings paired with the perfect amount of eggs. The omelets come with your choice of bagel, fruit or toast.But this is the place to do FRENCH TOAST. If I wasn't cutting carbs, I would order french toast every time.
4	One of my favorite places to eat when I'm in Vegas! I love the reuben, especially how it's packed with corned beef, light on the cheese, and kraut. The portions are big, and I never skip on ordering the Matzo ball soup. Nice, casual place to eat.
4	Far away from New York and tucked in a strip mall in suburban nevada is a pretty fantastic jewish deli. My meal "half" a reuben and some matzo ball soup were pretty great. I'm only really knocking off a star because I thought the soup was undersalted and a little oily (though other than that it's how my grandma makes it).Don't worry that a half reuben won't satiate your rumbling belly. Their half reuben is still bigger than a whole one anywhere else. It's a pretty solid showing, though If you, like me are a fan of katz's deli sometimes you don't need a ton of cheese to make a point
4	Over this summer, I hit Weiss Deli 4 times.  Prior to Weiss, Harrie's was my go-to Jewish Deli ( at least in vegas ) mainly because it was so close to my office.  Now, I'll take the extra 1/2 hour to hit Weiss instead - this place rocks !  I've tried the breakfasts, the deli sammies, the soups , the cookies, it's all good with me ! pic added
4	Went to Weiss Restaurant for breakfast.  It's about 20 min drive away from the Strip in the town of Henderson NV.  Afterwards go to Ethel M if you're interested since it's only another 5-10min drive away.It's an old style restaurant that's pretty popular now since Chowhounds mentions they have the best bagel outside NY in Vegas.  B. didn't like the booth sinks too deep he said, so we got a 4-top table.I got:Poppy seed bagel w/ cream cheese $2.75.  I wanted sesame but they ran out.  I asked for it toasted & it was.  Cream cheese was on the side.B. got regular bagel w/ lox & cream cheese $5.25.  That's cream cheese w/ pieces of lox mixed in.  I liked it better.2 scrambled eggs $1.75 - we shared, fine. Corned beef hash $4.95 - housemade.  I liked it, but found it salty.OJ $2.25 - not freshly squeezed, B. got it.Coffee $1.95 - they refill it free.Our total $18.90 + $1.53 tax = $20.43 before tip.  Separate bathrooms available.  Credit cards allowed.They have a little deli section & bakery too.  Didn't buy anything there.
4	The owner here is really passionate about homemade Jewish deli. Last visit, I orders the Ceily's Stack, sans cheese. It's brisket sandwiched between two giant latkes, smothered in brown gravy. Mmmm. This place has the best challah in town, surpassing even the venerable Bagel Cafe. However, I must say I like Bagel Cafe's matzo ball soup and hamantaschen better. The hamantaschen at Bagel Cafe are of the softer variety and have a nice lemon zest in the very flavorful dough. I know Weiss receives laudits for the matzo ball soup, but I found it didn't have quite the garlic kick I desired. The corned beef hash here is superb as is the smoked whitefish, which I find much more satisfying than Bagel Cafe's chunkier variety.You must have their blueberry danish, which is out of this world. It has a delectable cheese and a compote-like filling which is amazing.On my last visit, I was a little surprised that they seemed to have changed the menu, as they axed much of their traditional Jewish dinner entree fare. Disappointing :(.
4	As a 45 year veteran of New York City who just moved to Las  Vegas, let me start by saying Weiss' Deli is authentic and delicious. We tried the Matzoh Ball soup, a Corned Beef and Pastrami sandwich, a scoop of Whitefish Salad and we had some Pickles and Pickled tomatoes. The Matzoh Ball soup was better than most I have had in New York and as good as the best I have had. The Whitefish salad was excellent, nice and smoky, and a big portion as well. The Pastrami and Corned Beef were very good, not quite as good as New Yorks very best, but good enough to go back for. The pickles were very good as well. All that and fries for 35 dollars including tip with portions big enough that we could not finish half (the rest went home with us). Also, the fries that came as a side to the sandwich. They were fresh, crunchy, and a big portion as well.The decor was minimal at best, the staff was courteous and attentive, and we are looking forward to going back to try what is supposed to be the best challah and bagel in the Las Vegas Valley.Also the Rye Bread was home made fresh and better than any in New York.
4	Weiss Deli has rapidly become one of my favorite places to eat, whether for breakfast or lunch.  I love their chicken soup, it reminds me of home!  The bagels are just like you would find in NYC, made with substance if you know what I mean, not full of air, but definitely delicious.  I have never had a bad meal there.  The service is just okay and you do need to get there before the rush, otherwise you'll have to wait to be seated.
4	I get really bent when ppl whine about the ambiance of this type of place. It's an old ass well worn deli. That IS the ambiance!!! You don't go to Picasso (mmm.....lol) for a bagel! Ok..had to be said, so here we go:The matzoh ball soup is really a 2 star to me, my girls (who'll do their own review) would prob say 3. It does have a chicken flavor that doesn't taste of chix base, I'll give it that, but it is definitely not cooked down enough (i.e. watery) and has neither enough veg or herbs for my taste. I agree with the yelpers who say Bagel Cage's is better. A good chicken broth must be rich in celery, onion and carrot flavors as well as chicken. Matzoh ball was a bit mealy too...Now, moving on to the yum portion of the review! The lox platter was divine. The bagel crisp/chewy, the lox firm and fresh, and all the bells and whistles were perfect. (their capers were different than any I've tasted...almost boozy??? dunno...I liked 'em!)The whitefish salad was soooo good! One child did not like it, but the other loved it and so did I. Finely minced, perfectly smoked and seasoned, the kid and I devoured it with their crispy, delicious bagel chips. We were glad kid #2 didn't like it! I also agree with the yelpers who prefer Weiss' whitefish salad over Bagel Cafe's.The service was pretty good. We were checked on often, just never with coffee pot in hand. I had to flag for my refills, but the coffee was very good.We've also had their corned beef hash, and loved it.Over all, with the exception of the matzoh ball soup, I highly recommend this place...complete with it's comfy old booths and tables.
5	My favorite Jewish deli in town! Great corned beef on rye. They even have kishka! OMG this is the best deli in town! I try and get there before the lunch crowd which starts at about 11:30. They have really tasty pickles, my mom and daughter like the sour pickles and I prefer the other ones...they are crunchier. Everything looks so good here that I am often tempted to order something other than my usual hot corned beef on rye...yummm so delicious! Also do yourself a favor...dont order the cornedbeef lean, it needs just a little bit of fat to give it that perfect flavor you love so much!!  The potato salad here is the best on earth! I am not a fan of potato salad usually but at Weiss deli, I order an extra helping every time I come!! Its That Good!!   They also have a take out section which carrys tasty kakes...my husbands favorite brand of snack cake. Treat yourself to some delicious food ... and some huge portions !!I love it.
4	You may want to get the 1/2 sandwich and soup because these sandwiches are huge!!!  Great quality food.
5	A Pagan and a priest walk into a jewish deli... Not the beginning of a bad joke but my first entrance into Weiss.  After living in Hong Kong for the past 14 years a proper jewish deli was something I missed dreadfully so now onto the review.Upon walking in with my buddy the priest, I noticed this was the old Samueli's deli.  So having gone there a bit during my university days I was quite pleased.  Then I noticed it was even better than samueli's.Hot Turkey open faced sandwich to die for, latkas to die for, bread pudding is so huge you take half home. Actually everything so huge you take leftovers.  I have been going about once a month and I havent had anything bad.  The partially cured pickles are great also. Matzo ball soup is also good.Everybody walking in acts like a kid on their way to Disneyland.Service is friendly.  New york diner ambience, not a bad word to say about the place other than I wish they had a nap room in the back after I eat there.
4	Not unlike my weird yucca craving that led me to Havana just to order that one day, I had a strong desire for tongue meat last week and just could not wait any longer.  I was nearby since I avoided the tunnel and took surface streets, and decided to see if Weiss sold their meats by the pound rather than ordering a sandwich.  Sure enough, they do!  They sell everything: corned beef, pastrami, tongue, smoked salmon, etc - you name it.  I got 1/3 lb tongue sliced, and then I decided to order a beautiful small challah.  They slice it for free, but I kept it whole so we could rip it.  I ended up eating a few slices of tongue on the drive home, then made a small sandwich for a pre-dinner snack, and then had another one for breakfast the next day.  It tastes like childhood!  I look forward to going back for more meat or a meal soon!
5	I love this deli. I've been going there for almost two years now. Started off with fewer than once-per quarter visits but over time, I can't get enough! From the Mother of Hash to the simple pancake breakfast, to the huge sandwiches and straight up coffee, this place just rocks it. Every time. I've also started getting my sliced meats, cheeses and fresh breads from Weiss, as well.Service in the dining room can be slower so don't go there in a rush. I've come to adore the character and care of the staff once I understood it's not a fast-in, fast-out joint. If you want quality, you come here. Speed, go elsewhere.I love you Weiss Deli.
4	Can I make a legit review of a Jewish deli AND not be partial to the signature Jewish deli staple the bagel? Yes, yes I can. I don't hate bagels. But I don't love them either. What I do love is matzo ball soup and Weiss serves it up in king kong sized portions that has flavor to match.Matzo ball soup is one of those dishes that is so incredibly simple yet easy to screw up. Weiss' version has the perfect balance of chicken broth, chunks of chicken, celery and carrots, noodles and of course the matzo. It's served with bagel chips and the "smaller" size is enough to tie you over for several hours. On my last visit I got the half-sandwich and soup combo and the half-sandwich was a little overwhelming, but I certainly got my money's worth! I had the corned beef which was great on rye-not too salty and not dry which is often a terrible fault of sandwich places.The decor is nothing to look at and likely hasn't been updated since opening, but I don't come for that. The people watching here is great! I know that shouldn't factor into my rating, but sometimes that's half the fun in dining out. Weiss' always has an eclectic group of diners and is a place where you can dine solo without feeling weird about it.My only hang up with Weiss is the customer service which rivals that of a Wendy's. If you're lucky enough to make eye contact with one of the several pre-pubescent waiters in training upon arriving, make a bee-line for them and indicate that you would like to be seated or else they will make the assumption that you just came to hang out in the front and read the daily specials menu.  Speedy service isn't their trademark, but for the most part the staff is very friendly.Weiss' is a nice place to have a good for your soul meal that will fill you up without emptying your wallet.
5	On most Sunday mornings, you can find me at Weiss. I am crazy for this place. The food is outstanding whether you eat here for breakfast, lunch, or dinner. They have everything, from omlettes, homemade bagels, lox,  the best matzo ball soup, chicken noodle soup, patty melts, etc. When the special says 'Chili' order the chili, it is fantastic!  Weiss is a Las Vegas/Henderson treasure!
4	I have eaten here for years, sometimes with just a few people, other times with a large group and they have always been accommodating. The food is excellent! Breakfast, lunch or dinner you can't go wrong, although breakfast/lunch are my favorites. Good food, large portion size. Very reasonable price. The outside dining area is a great place to enjoy breakfast! My only complaint: The weekends can get busy, especially in the morning at which point the service isn't as good.
5	Very good Jewish deli and bakery. Pastrami and corned beef sandwiches are delicious. Matzo ball soup is very good. Knishes and bagels and pastries are excellent. Best Jewish deli around!!
4	How cool to stumble on such a cool little deli in Vegas. Just got off the plane, "starving". This Deli was a life saver and it felt like home the first step in to the door.Service was great and the portions were huge. While the group I was with are not big eater, we did put a mighty dent into the meals.Walked away deeply satisfied.
5	We've been having breakfast at Weiss for many years and it is still our favorite. Others come and go but they are strong in the heart of Henderson. My favorite is the Yalim Omelet and Sesame Bagels. My brother loves their Lox and bagels with capers cream cheese and all that good stuff. Everyone makes you feel right at home!
4	Went here for lunch today.  Matzoh soup and a Reuben.....very good indeed!  Waitress rides a 55 Panhead, of which I was envious...The rest of the menu looked good, I look forward to visiting again!
2	I had the traditional corned beef on rye (whole) and my son had a tuna melt. He enjoyed his sandwich which was served open face and smothered with cheese. Both entrees were huge and should have been shared. My sandwich was dry and tasteless. Anticipating this possibility I ordered a side of slaw. Sometimes a great cole slaw can really help a dry corned beef sandwich and elevate it to an outstanding meal. Not the case at Weiss's. Their slaw was absolutely tasteless too - basically watered down mayonaise as the dressing - and horrible mayo at that. Very disappointing. We had high hopes as we wanted to try a non-strip deli (beyond Canters and Carnegie) and hoping for a great find. I was disappointed. The prices are lower than on the strip, so I didn't feel absolutely ripped off.
5	NOTE** The Yelp map location is wrong.  Weiss Deli is in the shopping center on the South East Corner of Sunset and Green Valley, NOT the North East Corner.After trying all the famous delis (Carnegie, Stage, Canter's, etc...) in the big Casinos and noticing they are all a shadow of the originals that I love, I set out to find a real deli in Las Vegas.  Delis are best when they are being run by deli people.  And that's the problem with the casinos.  They are being run by people that don't know the difference between deli mustard and Dijon.  I'm dead serious, I once had someone at the Carnegie argue with me that grey poupon was a brown deli mustard, and my only choices were yellow and Dijon.  If they pulled that at the original Carnegie in New York , there would be a riot.  So although it's a little off the beat and path from the strip, Weiss Deli is well worth the trip.  Only in business since 2006, Owner Michael Weiss is using his Grandma's recipes.  Which explains why Weiss' tastes like it's been around for 60 years.  As I always do when trying a new deli, I went with pastrami on rye.  This is the best pastrami you'll get in Las Vegas folks.  Sure the Carnegie is starting off with a great product, but I've had it tough, cold, and sometimes they get lucky and make it right.  But from the first bite of this sandwich, I knew they were serious about how to prepare pastrami.  It was piping hot, it was perfectly steamed, it had plenty of fat on it (which adds to the flavor).  Even though it was my only time eating here, I can almost guarantee it's great every time.  The guy cures his own pastrami, enough said.  The flavor was perfect and while I might prefer Langer's in LA just a little better, this is a good 2nd.  Every bite of that sandwich was a joy to eat.  Also we need to talk about one of the most impressive rye breads that I've ever seen.  Each slice of rye is about 8 inches high and 10 inches wide.  Freshly baked on site, I'd love to see a whole loaf of that rye.  It had a nice crunchy crust, but with a rye bread that large, even with a huge pile of meat in it, the crust was almost a picture frame surrounding the delicious soft seeded rye.  Served with National Deli Mustard, I can't wait to enjoy this sandwich again.  Also not to be missed was the side of potato salad (which I couldn't keep my wife from eating - I think I only had like 2 bites of it before she claimed it as her own).  It's almost like a mashed potato salad since the potatoes are so soft and mashed together with egg and mayo.  It reminded me of the flavor of the famous Rascal House Potato Salad, and that's the highest compliment I can pay it.The wife had "The Remington".  It was hot roast beef, melted swiss & cheddar jack, grilled onions, on grilled rye bread.  It was supposed to come with horseradish sauce, but she isn't a fan of that, so we went with a side of brown gravy to dip it in.  Excellent sandwich.  They messed up a little bit, since we ordered it open face (which is usually how it comes) but it was still good as a sandwich.  The roast beef was very tasty and their brown gravy outstanding.  Her side of french fries were pretty boring however, but so what, the sandwich is so large, you don't need them.  Each sandwich was served with a half a pickle and half a pickled tomato.  I wouldn't be surprised if they pickled them on site.I also tried a combo appetizer of chopped liver and white fish salad.  What a great idea to be able to get a scoop of each right next to each other.  I was surprised it was only served on a large lettuce leaf with a black olive and a pickle spear.  It wasn't brought by our waitress, so when I asked her where all the veggies were, she was shocked that they sent it out like that.  So she rounded up some tomato and red onion.  I'm used to carrots, and cucumber, maybe bell peppers as well.  The presentation wasn't very good, but since it got messed up, I'm not sure how it's supposed to look, or what's supposed to be on it.    I preferred the white fish salad to the chopped liver.  Excellent whitefish salad!  Not too salty, nice and smokey with plenty of mayo.  The chopped liver was just ok, but still better than most places.And last but not least, the prices.  Only $10.95 for a huge Pastrami Sandwich.  I was shocked.  For that quality and size, that's $15 anywhere else.  And if you get one at a deli on the strip, maybe it will be $20. (Of course it will have even more meat than Weiss, but you'll most likely be throwing half of it away which is a shanda).
3	The Asian in me is drawn to the odd cuts of meat that Americans throw away as scraps. Due to this fact, I naturally gravitated to this Jewish deli. I love tongue and was even more enthusiastic when I saw their specials board. The offering of calves liver and onions ($15.95) caught my eye and I knew I had to get it. Liver has a strong flavor that can be off putting for most, but growing up with all these alternative cuts, I enjoyed it. The caramelized onions where sweet and contrasted well with the salty/peppery bacon. Add a brown gravy on top and the dish was tasty. If that was not enough food, it came with a choice of soup or side salad, veggies, and mashed or broiled potatoes. I am starting to think that the Jews and Asians share similar souls because of what we are willing to eat and the quantity given. Nothing that came out of the kitchen was skimpy or small. In fact, most things could probably be shared. Watching the monster sandwiches pass by made my friend question how someone could eat it without dislocating their jaw.Sadly, this score is given for the lack of customer service. The busser did not look too please when we first entered and sat ourselves. After we asked for water, refills did not come often. After a few rounds, he got the hint and topped off our glasses. The server took our orders, delivered our food, and asked if we were ok in passing. When she wasn't doing one of these tasks, I did not see her.
3	Unlike most of the reviewers I actually had a pleasant experience with the staff. Yes, for the majority the staff is young but I didn't get the impression they were that bad. I also didn't actually eat in the restaurant but rather picked up from their small deli. I wouldn't really call it a 'deli' but they did have some really beautiful looking challah and breads. I picked up a large matzah ball soup because I had a hankering and I wouldn't say I was disappointed but I wasn't blown away either. Pretty basic...not overly flavorful and the matzah balls are a bit big for my liking. Also picked up a half a pound of rugelach - and they were pretty good!
5	They bill their BLT as "The Perfect BLT" and they aren't lying. Goes great with cole slaw.But you MUST try the sweet-and-sour cabbage soup. It's one of the best soups I've ever had and comes with bagel chips.
4	Short and sweet:Friendly, fast service. Small, slightly cramped space. However, it is clean, bright, and inviting. Also conducive to my niece making friends with the table next to us rather quickly.Food Ups:HUGE portions... and even that doesn't do it justice. You *will* have leftovers, and you will want them.The brisket was amazing and tender and juicy and seasoned perfectly. The stuffed portabello was tender and meaty (texture) and fantastic and the spinach filling was fresh and just the right amount of bright and crisp. The corned beef reuben with homemade kraut was excellent. The chopped liver was so amazing I got some to go.The chicken noodle soup was fabulous. Lots of chicken, veg, and flavor. Not overly salted and very, very well done. Home made and heartwarming, absolute bliss.Food Downs:The potato pancakes were too thick and just too large. Plate size, two of them came with the brisket and all but overpowered everything else. The FLAVOR was great... but I think we all wanted something a little smaller, maybe a little crisp?The amount of cheese on the stuffed portabello could give even the healthiest patron a coronary. It detracted from the rest (see above) of the amazing dish. Cheese as a garnish, yay! As a gravy? Not so much.A great meal, truly. Maybe a 3.5... but most of it was such an upside (with some of the amazing stuff to go!) that I had to round up. I will definitely be back for more.
1	10/29/11 BREAKFAST.It greatly pains me to write this review, but here goes.Many months ago friend Kathe took me here. She was hungry, I was not. So I had iced teas while she had a "Black Mountain", an eggs benedict with beef brisket instead of ham or such.I tried her food. It was AMAZING. The brisket was a nice not-too-thin cut of beef, fatty and tasty. The poached eggs were perfect, runny inside. And that hollandaise was one of the best I had ever had. Unusual with the amount of lemon flavor, but that made it refreshing. A great plate of food.TODAY I returned for the second and LAST time. I ordered the "Black Mountain". The brisket was paper thin and boring, except the fatty part. The eggs were overcooked, hard inside. The hollandaise was dull and thick, just not good at all. And my spouse, his words, had the worst omelet he has ever had in his entire life. In fact, at our table, no one really liked the food that much.I don't know what has happened to this place, but now, sadly, it's off my list for good.PS And the service? Well, I've read people having problems with service here, but it was half-filled with customers and the service was well-meaning and fine. A good tip was left.PPS According to internet sources of various kinds, Weiss USED to be one of the 5 places in Vegas with the best hollandaise. Now only 4 remain:1. Peppermill Restaurant & Fireside Lounge2. the coffee shop @ Jerry's Nugget Casino3. Bouchon @ Venetian4. Verandah @ Four SeasonsNow, from that list, I've only been to the Peppermill, but not had the hollandaise. Guess I'll have to try it, next time, but I'm not a huge fan of the food there. I know nothing about Jerry's Nugget. Bouchon and Verandah have been on my "to do" list here since I arrived. I can believe Bouchon's hollandaise is great. And I hear the brunch @ Verandah, in general, is fantastic. Hopefully I'll get to all 4 soon.
4	As close as you will get to a NY deli in Vegas, everything is great and the portions are HUGE.  This place is hidden in the back corner of a shopping center so get the address before you head over...
4	I've been here a few times and each time I've tried something different and I have yet to be disappointed. Their traditional eggs benedict is quite tasty and even something simple as the hot dog with fries is yummy! Next time I visit I will have to try the matzo ball soup as I've heard it's out of this world. The hours are limited but it has the nice feel of a deli, quite New York-esque as I put it and for the price and friendly service, you can't beat it. I'm definitely a fan.
4	This is a great deli. I have been here lots of times and every time it is great food.This time I ordered the soup and sandwich combo.My honey had the pastrami on rye. The matzo ball soup is huge a cup is the size of a bowl! comes with bagel chips. And then i had the half  chicken salad sandwich on halah bread so good.The wait staff is a little lazy and unobservant, the hostess texting when she should be seating people.Food is 5 stars. for the two of us it cost 28$.
4	My husband and I have become regulars here over the last several months. I first want to say that I do agree with some of the posters here that the service/seating can be slow. However, everyone has always been kind and courteous. Perhaps with just a bit more efficiency with front of house - seating, busing, etc. - things could be streamlined a bit. However, the place does get busy and everyone is working hard. The food is outstanding here. I had been searching for a proper everything bagel, and the ones here are addictive! As vegetarians, my husband and I also appreciate that there are a number of dishes for us here. It is a great local place with a family feel.
4	Parking is terrible and location hidden in the corner. It gets better from there. Variety of food good. Fresh and good quality. Good portions are served and price is good for quality and quantity. Atmosphere is old deli style that everyone wants to be at. Food is good service is good. Worthy of repeats.
4	Almost drove right by... It's located in the back of a run down strip mall. Got nervous when we walked in and the place was empty (think it was around 3pm on a thurs) anyway decided to trust the good reviews and sat down to order. We both decided on a half sandwich and matzo ball soup combo. 8.95 for combo and 1.50 extra for matzo ball soup as opposed to the soup du jour. Holy shit! The portions were ginormous! The soup which I thought would be a cup was a big bowl served with bagel chips. The waiter reassured me this was the smaller size. Heh. The half sandwich was enough for 2 people! I had pastrami and he had corned beef. Both were piled a foot high between the biggest half slice of rye I have ever seen. Pastrami was sliced paper thin( just the way I like it) and soooo juicy and delish!  I didn't try the hubby's corned beef but he enjoyed it very much. Would definitely go on a reg basis if it was a little closer. Next time could easily share unless you want to take home leftovers.
5	Ordered chicken noodle soup on a cold day just like mama use to make. Then followed up with a half beef brisket sandwich on rye, meat was lean and seasoned to perfection. This place I'd always busy and locals know this secret spot in green valley.Definately worth going for that new York busy deli feel.
4	This is a two for one review since we came here two consecutive weeks, once for breakfast and once for lunch.            For breakfast  I had the corn beef  hash with eggs and french toast.      The corn beef was ground up and had some diced potato's in it. It was crispy and tasty, I prefer my corn beef a little chunkier but that's a personal preference.       The french toast was a couple huge slices of challah bread it was solid nothing special to me, if it was Hawaiian bread instead of challah I would, Hallah! ( I know lame)        Our next visit for lunch , wife had the Clary a triple rye sandwich filled with pastrami, corn beef , Swiss cheese ,cole slaw and Russian dressing. This huge sandwich is a winner.            I had the Ceily's stack potato latkes stuffed with braised brisket , provolone, muenster cheese and covered in brown sauce. I would have liked more brown gravy but it was pretty good, anyway, I think if you like potato latkes you would love this dish , me not a big fan of the latkes but that's personal taste.       Portions are huge, food tasty , I like this place alot.  Service was good    I
3	I have been here one before so this review is after my second visit.  First....food was good.  Simple presentation and the Leo (Lox eggs and onion scramble) was good but smaller portion for the price.   The waiter was very nice.  The owner on the other hand, was not.  I came with my dad, elderly.  From the same very small town the owner and his parents who co own it I am told, are also from ( in new jersey).  My dad was thrilled someone from his old hometown owned a business here and he looked it up and knows the mom.  When we got seated he asked the waiter if the owner was there, he wanted to say hello, he's from the same small town, knows his mom, who used to own the place.  The waiter was nice and said the owner was in and went to get him.  Waiter came back, asked my dads name, and left again.  Food came, drinks refilled, check paid, owner never comes out to say hi.  How disappointing.  I know that is not part of the restaurant experience but it reflects the attitude  of the owner  I read in some past reviews.  My dad was surprised and commented it's not like we expected a free meal, I just wanted to say hi.  Anyhow, based solely on that, we will not be back. There are other good Jewish delis in the Las Vegas area.  How sad that the owner could not have stepped out on a slow morning ( there were many empty tables when we were there this morning ) and said hello.  They lost a customer and most likely more as my dad is his hoa president in the area and people talk.  Hopefully the owner reads these reviews and acts accordingly in the future.
4	This place is a small little place stuck in the corner of the shopping center, you'd miss it if you didn't know where to look. There is limited seating and sometimes a wait.  But the wait is worth it.  This is a good place for breakfast or lunch.  The quality of food is fresh and plentiful.  I enjoyed my sandwich, it was huge, it had pastrami, corn beef, swiss cheese, cole slaw and russian dressing on rye bread.  It came with fries and a pickle.  I think it could be one of my favorite places for a good sandwich.
5	Picked up my mother in law for some breakfast and headed to Weiss Deli, she'd never been here so my husband and I was looking forward to her reaction.No trouble getting a table, service was great and when the food arrived, my mother in law's jaw dropped open!  She had ordered the french toast with strawberries and whip cream.  She didn't know how big the order was!  The big pieces of bread were lightly breaded and very lightly crisped on the grill.  She of course couldn't finish it, so between my husband and myself, we helped.I had the deli delight omelet, that has corn beef, brisket and swiss cheese melted on top with corn beef diced and sprinkled over the melted cheese.  It was delicious.  I really enjoyed my omelet and as always, very happy with service, food and atmosphere.
5	A great deli east coast style. Corned beef sandwich, chicken matzo ball soup and the beef brisket sandwich all amazing. By the way the picture of the soup on this page is their small. This is the best deli in the Vegas area period.Yes the service is a little slow at times but this is the west coast and everything is slow.  If you moved here from the east get used to it.
3	After enjoying a fantastic bowl of kreplach soup at another Las Vegas location (see my reviews), decided to drive over to Henderson to try this place...I was here years ago when it was Samuels, I believe; inside the place has not changed, rather barren interior, the booths are vanilla.  Service was efficient without charm.  Zero charm, but they took my order, got my food.  Felt like I was ordering through a drive up.Ordered a kosher salami sandwich, was $10.95, came with a pickle slice, half a dilled tomato, one black olive and a side (I got the cole slaw).  Plenty of meat, probably inch to inch and half thick.  Sandwich was good, cole slaw a yawner.At 3:44 pm on a Friday, there were 5 of us in the restaurant.  So was ok, average.  And as I sit here waiting for my check, thinking about that bowl of kreplach soup I had an hour ago at that other place... think I'd rather be there...more "authentic", more "jewish", more like home...I mean after all, why else go to a "jewish" deli...?????
2	My food was just ok. Not exactly what I ordered. Asked for ham but got bacon. The service was very bad. I had to flag them down to fill up coffee and they acted as they were doing me a favor. But the coffee was good. I may give them another chance.
4	Brisket is often a hard meat to get right, but Weiss put a nice twist on my brisket sandwich. In NY, the brisket is often crumbly, dry and lean and excellent. In the Weiss version, it is still lean (on request), but it is braised which makes it a bit moister and delicious. It still needs 1000 island dressing, but was quite tasty.  I liked the fact that you can get 1/2 sandwich and soup ($1.25 extra for matzoh ball) if your not that hungry, but the sandwiches aren't as big as Carnegie. THe soup had its moments, but was not seasoned enough, but after tossing the dark meat out of the soup (a big No No), the soup was above average and matzoh ball was giant, but needed salt. Only negatives were my battle with the one fly in the place that was buzzing the back of the restaurant and no free cole slaw/pickles ala NY deli's. Rye bread was fresh too. Huge menu, so must go back and try other items including a rare sighting of an Egg Cream.
5	A real deli. massive sandwiches that taste so great. A true oasis for New york style deli lovers.
5	Went in for breakfast today and forgot to check in cuz I was so busy eating.Got 2 eggs scrambled with egg beaters and they also offer egg white only for .95 extra. With country fried potatoes seasoned and they are extra tasty.Also comes with any bagel and huge cup of cream cheese. All for 4.95 + .95 Then it's mandatory to get a small bowl of the absolute BEST chicken noodle soup on the planet ( just don't say that to your mom ) but it rocks!Service is pretty good but don't expect gourmet because it's a deli style place.Always a good experience here. Food is always very good.
5	Super awesome!!  Home made everything.  Cole slaw good.  Potato salad good. Pastrami and corned beef good. Potato pancakes and brisket good.  Highly recommend.
5	Great! You'll eat until you hurt. We go out of our way to eat here each time we are in Vegas. Get Ruben and chicken noodle soup.
4	I did not expect this place to be a full service sit down restaurant. We showed up at noon on Sunday expecting to order a sandwich at a counter and look around at all the wonderful dessert items. Instead, we were instantly in the middle of a busy restaurant that offers a big selection of breakfast and lunch options. I don't think I have ever taken so long to decide on what to order. I chose the half order roast beef sandwich on a soft roll with a side of fries. Easily the best roast beef sandwich I have ever eaten! It was piled high with plenty of mayo, mustard, lettuce ,and tomatoes. The french fries were run of the mill and could have used more seasoning. Better yet- throw some gravy on those fries. I am so glad I ordered the half sandwich-- it was plenty! My wife ordered the half order brisket sandwich with a bowl of chicken soup that we heard so much about. The soup itself was good, but had a dill flavor that was overpowering in my opinion. On the other hand, the brisket was tender and delicious. Our bill was a little over $20.00, and the service was great! Considering this place is a bakery, I was disappointed in the baked goods available for sale at the counter. I saw a few cookies, but was hoping to find an eclair, pastry, or cake to try out.  I am giving this place a solid 4 star rating for the sandwiches, portions, and service. I will definitely be back to sample their breakfast menu.
3	There was nothing really special about this place, they actually took kind of a long time. The waitress had a lot of  "regulars" to take care. Umm if it was me I would pay more attention to the new customers, (if you want them to come back). The food was good., the bagels were amazing, but with little customer service I cannot give a four star.
4	This little gem of a Jewish deli in the Trader Joe's strip mall at Green Valley Parkway and Sunset  rocks!.  Food is consistently very good, sandwiches are huge, service is excellent.  The potato salad is supreme!  Looks, feels and smells like Brooklyn... kind of ambiance of an East coast diner.  I eat here at least once a week.
5	FINALLY a good Jewish Deli!  Don't leave without trying the Matzo Ball Soup!!!!
3	Great down-home atmosphere with classic comfort food. Portions are enormous, and, as it's comfort food, can be heavy.
5	Craving pastrami  and wanted one of these big sandwiches.  But came in with my husband and he had other plans.  He wanted to try the matzo ball soup, and split the sandwich.  So knowing that there was more than plenty of food, I agreed.He took a few bites of the matzo ball and the soup and didn't really care for it, so he ended up eating more than half the sandwich and left me still craving pastrami.Always good food and good service.
4	As my bubby would say, "You're sooo skinny.  You should eat.  Your wife, she doesn't feed you?!?"  Okay.  I don't have a bubby, but I do love a good Jewish deli-style breakfast.  So I like to imagine that I do have a bubby and she wants me to eat more corned beef hash and eggs.In Vegas, Weiss is the best option for a tasty Jewish breakfast option: Bagels -- check.  Best bagels in town and an absolutely top-notch everything bagel.  Cream cheese and lox -- check.  I'm not a lox fan, but I took a smoked salmon fan here and she audibly moaned in appreciation of the fresh smoked salmon on cream cheese and a bagel,  Like I said, I don't really get the lox love, but this place has earned it.Eggs -- check.  Perfectly prepared over-easy eggs.  Not too greasy.  Soft and runny yolks.  Love 'em.Corned-Beef Hash -- check.  Rich and quality beef.  If you've only had hash frozen or out of a can, it will shock you how rich freshly-prepared hash tastes.Fresh fruit -- check.Add it all up and my imaginary bubby loves that I found this place.
3	This is my second time here and both times I've really enjoyed my meal! They make the bread and bagels themselves and the service has always been good!  If you come on a Sunday morning, be prepared to wait a little bit because it's pretty packed!  I keep hearing their sandwiches are amazing and I look forward to trying them soon!
5	One word: MagicalThis place has sandwiches the size of a small child. They have the BEST potato salad I have ever had. Reminds me a little of Canter's Deli in Hollywood but smaller and more homelike. I love their bricket and their Matzo Ball soup is to die for. Great service, too. Friendly people!
5	Best matzoh ball soup I've had outside of my hometown (NYC).  Truly.  I can't wait to try their whitefish salad...  Also, their Challa is TO DIE FOR!!!  Why haven't I been eating there every day???
5	Great chicken noodle soup and brisket sandwichGet half sandwich on challah
4	Love this place. Always packed and the food is great.
4	Yummo Jewish deli food that totally satisfies my bagel fix. You get a ton of food with your order so come hungry or bring a nosh partner. I order something different every time I go and I always leave happy.
5	We've tried just about everywhere is Henderson and believe me, Weiss has the best breakfast in town!
4	Want comfort food? Come here! The chicken noodle with matzo ball hit the spot! ..and so did the open face roast beef sandwich smothered in brown gravy...and so did the open Reuben sandwich piled soo high with corned beef smothered in sauerkraut and Swiss cheese.  You get the picture.  All the dishes that Mr. B & I  tried here was delicious and I'd say that was the best chicken noodle matzoh ball soup I've tried by far! It was just that fabulous!  Broth flavorful, with sliced carrots and celery that were soft from simmering in the chicken broth,  chunks of tender white chicken meat, the noodles were thin, the matzo ball light and fluffy texture.  The small size was the perfect serving for lunch for me. The open faced sandwiches here are huge portions. Meats, lean and tender and not salty.  Couldn't finish and had plenty leftover.  Ambiance - The sign when you step in will either read "seat yourself" or "wait to be seated." Comfy booth seating or table and hardwood chairs.  It's not a big dining area and the place looks kind dated, but clean.  Service wise - It's super busy both times we been there, but orders and food came out promptly.  As it got even busier though it was at least 15 minutes till our server could get to us again and ask for the check, then another few minutes to close it out.  Not going to hold it against them though since it was just the 1 server and 1 bus person vs. 34 patrons (yes I had time to count everyone while we waited) Luckily everyone in there was patient and understanding.  Good food does that to ya!! ...oh and props to Vegas J for posting the food porn that led me here!
4	I lived less than a mile from Weiss' for about three years and never noticed it; it's kind of tucked away in the corner of the Trader Joe's mini mall and it's easy to miss. It bums me out when I think of all the crappy meals I ate when I could have been eating here. The pastrami is always key for me in a deli, and Weiss' is great, not Langer's great but pretty good nonetheless, and they make their rye in-house. The open faced brisket sandwich with mashed potatoes an brown gravy is comfort-food heaven, and I haven't had a bad breakfast yet. The desserts in the to-go area, particularly the cherry breakfast pastry and the massive brownie, are all good. Decor is a bit lacking, but when the food is this good in a neighborhood joint- who cares?
4	This will be a bit of a strange review, I actually sent a dish back, but I like the place...I am jumping ahead of myself.Last week I was feeling a yucky, the start of a flu bug, or maybe the end, it's hard to tell as these things don't hit me that hard, maybe just some man flu lol.Anyways, the wife suggested we stop in here for a sandwich and bowl of soup. This place is straight out of the 70's !The decor, the menu, the service...All in a good way. We got there around 7pm, the place was slammed, a quick look around showed one waiter and one bus boy..Oh oh I think, this could spell trouble.But let me say this straight away, if the owner of Weiss's is reading this, give those kids more money, whatever you are paying them is not enough, rarely have I seen two people work an entire restaurant so well, the service was great, friendly and well perfect.The order was simple.One bowl of Matzah ball soup, two orders of pastrami on rye with Swiss cheese and fries.Well the soup order was for a small bowl, we both had some and there was plenty left over, the broth was great, perfect for a sicky like me, my wife said the Matzah ball was good, as ever, we will take her word for it as they are not my thing.Now the problem, the sandwiches came out, and honestly, I thought they had made a mistake, if you had blindfolded me and said what meat is this I would have said corned beef, the closest thing I can equate the meat to is, well if you have ever tried the pastrami sandwich at Subway, it was close to that, just not as good...So yeah it was bad. As the wife like corned beef (which the server said it wasn't and on closer inspection it did look like pastrami so I will give him the benefit of the doubt there) she kept hers, mine went back, instead I went for an open faced hot roast beef sandwich with gravy.Now that was a home run, great beef, tender and juicy, the gravy was perfect, just a great sandwich.All in all a good meal, it could have been a disaster (though I will say, how does a Jewish deli serve bad pastrami) but they fixed the issue I had and again, the waiter was fantastic.So yes I recommend this place, maybe you should ask for a slice of the pastrami before ordering though to make sure it matches your taste.
5	Breakfast, brunch, whatever; be ready to enjoy an absolutely delicious meal. The customer service is outstanding and the food even better. This place has a family feel to it. The Hall-ah french toast could not be more heavenly. The tongue sandwich: tender. Their latkas: luscious. Even their coffee will satisfy your cravings. Go there and be ready to be happy.
3	After reading a few reviews, this place gave me the Bagel Cafe vibe, and it's not too far from me so I decided to give it a try. I went with my family and another family so we had a party of 7. They managed to accommodate us pretty quickly. The service from beginning to end wasn't bad, but it wasn't extraordinary either. At least half of our party started with the chicken noodle soup that they're famous for. I enjoyed it very much, but I did notice I had way more noodles than my boyfriends bowl. Between us we ordered an East Coast type sandwich made with Taylor Ham (a personal favorite) it was piled 4 slices high with American cheese and raw onion. Good sandwich. An order or chicken fingers, a BLT (too much L), an open faced roast beef, a burger (big but average), and a side of chicken salad. Ill go back for that chicken salad alone, it was one of the best I've ever tasted.Towards the end when we paid, we gave the waitress our bill that was only about $2 over. We were going to leave the rest and main part of her tip on the table as we collected it all. Well in the mean time she gave us dirty looks and assumed we only were leaving her that as a tip and talked smack to other employees. It was a little funny and annoying at the same time. As for a Jewish deli, ill stick to bagel cafe, but return here for Taylor ham and chicken salad Togo!
4	Massive sandwiches, you should share.  My deli fix is this joint. Anyone say black and white cookies?  Apparently Zappos CEO likes it too, I saw him ordering for the office around Passover.
2	Good food. Sloppy service and dirty. When the front door is dirty and the floor hasn't been swept or the ceiling fans cleaned we should have left.
4	The best corned beef sandwich I've found in Las Vegas / Henderson.
5	Our new spot! Fresh & tasty!  This place may not look much inside but the food and service makes up for it.We ordered roast beef w/ au jus & corned beef sandwiches w/ Cajun lentil soup.Wow! Blown away with flavor and portions!
4	I almost missed out and ordered a simple Everything and Lox.  The waitress suggested, instead, the Lox platter.  I am glad she did.  The in-house, hand-sliced Lox pretty much put to instant shame any Lox I ever had when living in New York.  It literally made me swoon when coupled with the fresh fruits and veggies on the platter (including good grade olives and a pickled green tomato).My colleague ordered the Hash, and said it was comparable to what his grandmother used to make.  He encouraged me to try it, although I have never liked Corned Beef Hash, I figured I'd give it a chance.  I am now a fan, at least of Weiss' Hash; enough of a fan that I may order that the next time I am visiting.And there will be a next time, if I have anything to say about it.It's worth a  cab ride from the strip.  Just make sure you don't get long-hauled via the Interstate.
5	I use to come here a lot with family and friends back when it was Samueli's. There sandwiches were the size of a small dog, the matzoh ball soup was as good as my grandmothers, and the prices weren't too bad either. What has changed? I'm happy to say just the name.My wife is from Japan and has never had matzoh ball soup nor has never eaten in a east-coast style deli. I felt ashamed of this considering that I'm a Jewish boy from Boston. Where was my mind!? I had to correct this crime!We got there a little bit after noon and the place was busy, but not packed, and we were promptly seated. Just sitting down you know this place is a real deli, not like one of the chain ones that popped up in the valley that feels like you are eating in an cafeteria. The sounds of dishes and silverware being banged around by the busboy, conversations drowning out the radio, the yentas in the neighboring table kvetching about their bill to the waiter, and waiters zooming around.I decided the best option for the wife was to do the "Not so hungry" combo (1/2 sandwich and choice of frieds, soup, or salad) and I ordered that too. We both got matzoh ball soup (extra charge for the matzoh balls) and she got tongue while I got corned beef, both oo rye because it's only right. Of course my meal was washed down with a Doc Browns.For a "small soup" it sure was filling, it had a baseball sized matzoh ball, noodles, and chunks of chicken. The soup was a bit cool when we got it, but it was served in a shallow bowl, but the matzoh ball was piping hot. The soup was garnished with two thin slices of toasted 'everything' bagels. The chicken soup here is just perfect, more sweet than salty the noodles weren't breaking apart, and of course the matzoh ball was a ball of doughy, chickeny, soupy heaven.The menu may say "half a sandwich" but that's really only relative to the what they considering a normal sandwich. By size comparison I would say this would be a 6" sub at any sub shop but with extra meat. My corned beef was stacked with care, warmed to just south of 'hot', folded over itself properly so I could sink my teeth into it versus having just a brick of meat fighting me. The rye bread is a treat on its own. The bill came to $24, and we both were stuffed, happy, and already planning a return trip. Between the atmosphere and food it's amazing how much a meal can take you back in time and someplace else. For a brief second I thought I was going to step out onto a street in Brookline, MA.
4	I've only been here once, but I will definitely go back. It was a while back but I had been searching the area for something  more in the lines of comfort foods. After googling and searching yelp, I read a few reviews and looked over their menu. It sounded like it was close to what I was looking for so I  headed over after work. Food - I got an open face roast beef sandwich with mashed potatoes and gravy, as well as, some chicken noodle soup. The soup was pretty good, but the best part was the HUGE plate of roast beef and mashed potatoes. They were the warm, yummy comforting food I was in a search for that day. I totally left happy. Service - It was just a touch slow but the kid was pretty friendly and brought things out in a fairly quick manner. The only reason it was slow was that he was the ONLY person there and there were quite a few tables. I tried to be patient as I've been there and it kinda is hard.I know this is a jewish deli so I totally need to go in for bagels one day, but I haven't had the time or thought. It's hard to find a place in the city with any semblance of comfort food so this place is a good alternative when I'm wanting mashed potatoes and warm yummy goodness. It's not the plate lunch places of the South, but it's a good substitution.
4	Good place for good ol healthy comfort food! I could tell this place was legit by the more than 90% filled restaurant. The place just oozes New York style deli restaurant ambiance. Loved it. Did the 'not too hungry' special with the chicken noodle soup + matzo ball and a pastrami sandwich. The soup was good but wasn't a wow factor for me. Personally I thought the flavor of the broth was too light. There were lots of vegetables, noodles, and chicken though which is a big bonus. The star of the soup was definitely the matzo ball. It came out super hot and was pretty much just how I expected, a fluffy dumpling. The pastrami sandwich was also THE BOMB. They give you so much meat inside the sandwich. There was no way I could've straight up taken a bite. The pastrami was very tasty and it paired well with the rye bread I got. Total for me was $10 which I thought was a very good deal considering I couldn't finish the lunch. xDOverall, chicken noodle soup = ehAny of the sandwiches = thumbs up (since they are a deli)
4	Great restaurant! Reasonable prices for the amount of food you get. The chicken soup is ammmmmazing!!! I ordered a grilled cheese on challa bread. The challa was fresh baked and tasted great. Also their brownies are to die for!!! Don't leave without checking out the bakery section!
5	Like going home.   I was raised in New York and I know deli.   This place is the real deal.  Great breakfasts, terrific soup and amazing sandwiches.   The breads are fresh and everything tastes like home!   We came back three times while in Vegas even though we had to drive clear across the city.  Warm, wonderful owners who are still excited about their trade.    Just go!
4	Judging by our breakfast and the sandwiches that were headed for other tables, nobody goes away hungry.  The latkes (3 big cakes) were nicely seasoned and mixed well with the applesauce and sour cream.  The hash can hardly be called hash when the meat content is at least 90%.  The Everything bagel may be popular but my Egg bagel was both light and chewy, perfectly toasted.It was surprisingly easy to get a table at 9am Saturday morning.  The service was a bit slow -- a little bit of pleasant assertiveness solves the service issue -- but the food is worth the wait.  I'd love to have lunch sometime but the breakfast had me skipping lunch and dinner.  This place is on the permanent list for Vegas.
5	I was in the area again and really desperate for some good, sit-down eats... I haven't been back since my last visit, but I remembered the food being good here.It really was as good as I remembered. I was super annoyed the first time around because the service is faaaaar from spectacular, but if you have the time to wait around and are okay with spending a little more than usual for lunch, give this place a shot!While we waited to be acknowledged so that we could grab a table, I noticed the little order out room to the left seemed a lot more open and bright than it was the last time. I don't remember being able to access it directly from the dining area, so they may have made some changes there. It was like a dark, dirty hole of a room the last time!As soon as we sat down, we were immediately informed that any drinks would take awhile as they were currently out of clean glasses .................'kay.*cue me, reminding myself that the sandwiches are good...* I ordered the hollywood club and my husband tried the chicken salad, both were really, reeeeally excellent.
5	I was gonna give it 4 stars because its a pain to get seated. Long lines and not to big of a place. Then the food shoots it straight off the charts. We decided to give it a try awhile back and was blown away. I never heard of this little gem hiding in Henderson. While we were waiting, it gave us a chance to look over the menu. They have a pretty good size menu from Breakfast to hearty lunch and dinner style entrees. They also have a white board with daily specials that change day to day. When we finally were able to sit down, the service started to shine. The waiter came right away and was very courteous and efficient. We already knew what we wanted since we were waiting for about 30-40 min. Was the wait worth it. I sure in the hell say YES!! Waiting for our order, I noticed the food coming out. Big hulking sandwiches piled high with Corned Beef, and other huge deli sandwiches being ordered. Matzo ball soup with asteroid size Matzo ball in the middle. My wife ordered the Homemade Corned Beef Hash plate with eggs, skillet potatoes and a fresh made Bagel with Cream Cheese. Who wants toast when you can have a fresh made bagel done the real way. The Cream Cheese was fresh and you get a big ol helping of it. The Corned Beef Hash looked heavenly. Crispy and flaky with a hint of caramelizing on the meat with an amazing blend of seasonings. The best part is that it wasn't salty like the can stuff. It was perfect as is. The bagel was fluffy and toasted just right. Just enough crunch but still kept its soft and chewy texture. I ordered the San Gennaro Omelet. Loaded with chunks of Italian Sausage, Basil, Garlic, Mozzarella Cheese, and Marinara. It wasn't sloppy and it was made flat and not folded which I liked. Made it more appealing and easier to eat. It covered the whole plate. It also came with a side of skillet potatoes and your choice of Toast or Bagel. Yeah, I went for the bagel. You can get toast anywhere lol. I had to try the bagel and glad I made that choice. I jumped in to that Omelette and was blown away. You could taste each of the ingredients and the blended together perfectly in your mouth. Normally, I scarf down my food hella quick, but this had me take my time and enjoy it. I can go on and on and there is so much to choose from. The big hulking deli sandwiches, breakfasts and lunch entrees I know Ill be back again. Plus, I know where to get some amazing bagels to go, since they have a little shop on the side to get stuff to go. The desserts they make there look amazing and I will be sure to review that when I try. Till next time..Let's Eat!!!
4	The Weiss deli was a good find.  I stumbled across it one day in the back of a strip shopping center at Green Valley Parkway and Sunset in Henderson, and have returned there many times since.  Weiss in Henderson and the Bagel Cafe near Summerlin are my two favorite Jewish delis in the LV area.  Having lived in Manhattan (NYC) for so long where I had my choice of high quality delis, Weiss probably comes the closest in comparison to any found in NYC.  The food is prepared the way a traditional Jewish "bubbie" would make it (lol).  Try the pancakes...they use a special cake flour from overseas that makes their pancakes flavorful and fluffy.  They're killer, and put ANY IHOP or Denny's to shame.  I introduced several of my friends to Weiss and they ALL go bonkers over the pancakes. Weiss makes a proper chicken soup, too.  If you order one, the tasty baseball-sized matzo ball is like a prize in the the middle of your big bowl to keep carving into.  I also like the chopped chicken liver pate.  Not too many people would order such a delicacy, but it's the best I've found in Las Vegas--and I'm picky.  Lastly, the sandwiches are generously portioned and made the right way.  Simple, high-quality ingredients are used--none of that processed "meat" you find at Subway or other sandwich shops.  The bread is freshly baked and cut on the premises.  At Weiss, the full menu is available all day long, so you can have those special pancakes for lunch or dinner if you want.  And as you leave, stop by the adjoining bakery, for a sack of fresh bagels to go or a sweet rugelach bite for dessert.  I highly recommend Weiss for a good value, high quality, authentic Jewish deli meal anytime.
5	I'm only reviewing my one visit, but I can't stop thinking about that darn chicken noodle soup. It was delicious. Also had the turkey melt, this thing was huge, I couldn't finish half of a half if that makes any sense. Our waitress was very attentive, constantly coming by and refilling our coffee and waters. I can't decide which soup is better, my mom's or Weiss, ok, Weiss it is. It's been haunting me ever since.
4	I met my favorite, Jaime W, here for breakfast on a Sunday morning. Weiss had been on my radar for a while, so when she suggested we meet there I was excited to finally see if it lived up to the hype. I ordered a pretty basic breakfast that came with eggs, potatoes and bacon, and we also decided to share an everything bagel. I have had some good bagels in my day... when I first started dating my husband he worked for a man that had relocated his bagel shop from New York City to Arizona, and I ate man, MANY bagels from that shop. The everything bagel we had at Weiss was, without a doubt, the best bagel I have had in Vegas.My only real complaint about Weiss was the service, it super spotty. I asked for more half and half for my coffee... Our waitress came back 5 minutes later to see how we were doing, empty handed. So I asked again. Despite the so-so service the food was fantastic. Great breakfast potatoes and the bacon was cooked perfectly. And that bagel, so good!! Weiss has definitely lived up to the hype thus far, next time I will be sure to go for lunch so I can try the soup I have heard such wonderful things about!
2	Don't eat outside, we have young children and thought it would be better to sit out on the patio - 3 families went in after us and where already eating before we received our food, not to mention we had to make 3 trips back inside for condiments and remaining order items.
3	I stopped in here for a mid-morning breakfast sandwich to go.  I ordered the Egg Salad on a toasted bagel.  The egg salad was very good!!  I ate it in the car with a fork while driving to a meeting.  I would have given 4 stars but was disappointed in how long it took to get an egg sandwich to go.  Both the Egg Salad and Bagels were already made - no cooking required.  The restuarant was not busy, only one other person waiting behind me.  But, it looked like they were making a lot of catering/pick-up orders which meant that it took them almost 20 minutes to put the Egg Salad on a toasted bagel.  I can understand waiting 20 minutes for a cooked-to-order egg and ham sandwich.  Fine.  But when I see the Egg Salad sitting in a bowl in the front chilled case, it shouldn't have taken so long.  The front staff seemed a bit disorganized. I would love to go back and sit in the restaurant and try the breakfast.   This was my first visit to Weiss - which many of my friends have recommended.  I will return soon.
4	A good solid four. Pastrami on rye is a good go, nice pile of meat on the sandwich. They also have something called halva which I detest but my wife loves, stuff can be hard to find. Staff was pleasant, gets a little crowded around the counter but food is worth it.
3	Would be five stars, but really needs a deep cleaning and some updated furnishings...we are talking duck taped booth seats etc! Shocking and sad for such fine food!
5	Best breakfast experience in Vegas:) We got the whitefish salad with bagels three days in a row:D I cant wait to go back!!
4	If you care about great food and portions in a deli, this is the one to eat at! It is low key deli with really great items. Everything is made in house and you can taste the great quailty. You are also on my top favorite places in this city!
5	good old fashion food, I'm getting hungry as I write this, service is good...only draw back is things like service get a little slow when their really busy..
5	Best breakfast in Green Valley! The Black Mountain Benny is my recommendation.
5	I used yelp to find a breakfast place by the Galaxy Green Valley Theater. This is where the hubs and I ended up and we've been here 3 times since.I LOVE Jewish delis. It reminds me of my NY NJ days. Good homecooking, and just quality food in jiffy.The restaurant in nestled in a old shopping strip mall. The deli\bakery has it's own entrance and the restaurant has booths and tables both inside and outside. As far as decor goes - it's definitely minimalist central but I did appreciate the local artwork they had up. We got their just after they opened and they already have 6 or seven other tables with people. The place obviously has lots of regulars because I heard a few waiters say - "Your usual Mr. So and So". Always a good sign.I had their "the usual" breakfast sandwich and despite the warm day we were having, I had a bowl of Matzo ball soup. Everything was just the way I wanted it.  My husband got "the killer" breakfast sandwich and pancakes. He gobbled it all up. The bagels that the sandwiches came on were so fresh. My soup was flavorful and there was plenty of it. Despite my best efforts, I could not finish it :(The second third and fourth time I've been here, I had the same breakfast sandwich and a side of corn beef hash. I enjoyed every bite. We brought another couple along, one of whom is a vegetarian. She had ordered the vegetable hash and could not stop saying how great it was. My husband ventured out and had their french toast which he told me was to die for. I knew it was because it was made on challah bread. I had a bite of it and it really was amazing.The waiter we had the first 3x was Jacques, he was the perfect waiter. He remembered us when he waited on us the second time and just really added to the great experience we had. I didn't catch the waitress's name that was there for us on visit #4 but she was as sweet as could be.All in all, from start to finish, we thoroughly enjoyed this place and have already began the tradition of coming here for Sunday breakfast and driving down a block to catch a movie.If you are looking for a great breakfast\brunch spot, make sure to add this to your list of places you must try.
5	I remember when a couple of other businesses occupied this location that Weiss Deli is at so I was skeptical about if Weiss was like them or not. The reviews and delicious pictures on yelp got my to finally try this Jewish deli. It is tucked in the corner of a shopping center. They have a decent amount of tables and chairs outside if eating outdoors is your thing. Inside is clean, but the decor is dated. The booth I sat at had gashes in the seat. The inside isn't very big so I imagine trying to eat here on the weekend is a zoo. When you walk inside towards the left they have bagels & pastries for sale. I took a look but the case was empty and I was told by our server that they sell out quick in the mornings. They have a board when you enter that tells you what specials are going on that day.They have a section on the menu that says "not so hungry" for those feeling like they can't tackle a whole sandwich themselves. You get 1/2 of a sandwich (your choice from the sandwich station area on the menu) and your choice of either a cup of soup, fries, coleslaw,  potato salad or fresh fruit on the side. I decided to order this priced at $9.95 and I can assure you that you do need to be hungry unlike the menu claims because the portions are generous. I decided to try the "Chicken Noodle Soup" and it was the best I have e-v-e-r had in my life! It was hardly a cup like the menu suggests and was filling all by itself. I could just sip on the broth for days! The soup had a couple bagel chips on the side that had such a nice garlic flavor. For my sandwich I went with the "Roast Turkey" on challah bread. The 1/2 sandwich was so big that I had to cut it in half just to eat it. The bread was seriously delicious!  I could only eat a portion of my sandwich and took the rest home for later. My hubby ordered a "Pastrami Burger" priced at $9.95 that came with a side of fries. He said the pastrami had good flavor. I saw on the menu they offer catering. The next time I stop in I will be trying out something from their tasty looking breakfast menu. I would stop in when working on this side of town just to get some of the soup to-go!
5	This is by far one of the hidden gems of Las Vegas/Henderson. I LOVE THIS PLACE! It's a good 'ol Jewish deli like the ones I grew up with in NJ. It's usually crowded here during breakfast and lunch so take that into consideration. The food portions are HUGE but everything I've tried is super yummy! I will let you in on a little secret....the chicken noodle soup is magical! When I'm sick, Weiss's chicken soup is the only thing I ever want to eat. It's plain, old fashioned chicken noodle soup so don't come in expecting anything fancified. The beef and cabbage soup is also surprisingly good! I love that they sell bags of bagel chips to take home and crush up into the soups later on. The hash dishes are great, benedicts are tasty and sandwiches are stacked high. For true east coasters, this place is like a short trip back home and always feels like family, KEEP UP THE MAGIC WEISS!
5	Outrageously surprised! had never been. Portions and quality rivaled the best New York delis. The waiters were attentive. Food delivery was slow. But I will wait for great food!
5	So, I have to admit something.  I used to be a regular at an awesome German Restaurant in Huntington Beach, CA called the Einbecker Inn.  Used to go there for their awesome Bratwurst and authentice, rare, hard to find German beers. Alas, they are now gone.  So, you can imagine when I saw "Weiss" while I was travelin in Las Vegas on business and it had great reviews, I had to try it.  Not really thinking that it's a NY Jewish Deli! (I'm not very quick on the draw with these things).  However, when I got my food here, I was blown away.  This is truly an authentic NY Deli hidden in a strip mall in Vegas!  I ordered the Remington sandwich which is roast beef with two kinds of cheeses, onions, horseradish sauce (missing the German punch).  I changed it up a little bit and ordered it on a french roll with no onions and was absolutely ecstatic.  First, it was huge.  Could have done with half and saved myself from rolling out of the front door.  Second, the roll was golden brown and perfectly toasted.  If you are a fan of horseradish and need the sinus clearing properties of such, ask for extra on the sandwich.  Not enough in my opinion.  It was excellent.  Trying to lose weight for an upcoming wedding and felt guilty eating the whole thing, but seriously...it was worth it.  Adding this restaurant to my favorite locations. Don't let the location, how hidden it is, or the dated motif inside persuade you....it would be a lot worse in NYC and if you lived there you would be a regular.  Get over it....ask for what you want, and enjoy!
2	for the money you can find better, i expected cheaper prices for a sandwich but if the price was right hell i'd pay it but no indeed it was not, my roast beef came out looking great but the taste of the roast beef was mediocre at best it tasted like a cheap pot roast i've ate much better roast beef for much cheaper, the au jues was good though and the homemade potato salad was very delicious! half the soft drinks come in bottles so it's non-bottomless which is a shame, overall i will not return due to the high prices and medium food quality :/ i prefer jasons deli much better for your dollar! Thanks for reading
5	Great food, esp. breakfast. the sandwiches are huge. Try it !
4	Come hungry, leave full. This Henderson deli is one of the best spots to grab a bowl of soup or a sandwich, and the portions are massive.I have eaten here on many different occasions and have enjoyed my meal each and every time. The cabbage soup is some of the best I have ever tasted, and the bagel chips that accompany it are delicious. The sandwiches are huge, piled high and sure to fill up even the hungriest of appetites.This small restaurant fills up quickly, so get here early if you don't want to wait around for a table. But don't worry, even if you have to wait the food is worth it.
5	Great place for a deli sandwich or a great breakfast. Friendly staff and fast service. We enjoy the pastromi and roasted turkey sandwich on rye with cheese and cole slaw, they use a special dressing thats really good and the pickles are big and fat!It's a fat sandwich, three layers, with piles of thinly sliced meat, the rye is fresh and adds to the flavor in a big way, but the wet slaw on the bottom can make it a bit soggy.  its so fat, I've used a fork to help eat it!Gooo lunches for sure!
5	I come here at least 3 days a week. I always rotate from the breakfast menu to the lunch menu. I will say that my ultimate favorite is the open faced Reuben!! So much cheese! Nom nom nom!!The portions are huge which is what I love! (That's what she said) the staff always remembers names and faces and even what I drink.
4	My dad is obsessed with finding a good Jewish deli; in his world that means chicken noodle soup, a corned beef sandwich, and real raw horseradish - none of that inferior creamy stuff.  Every time we're in Vegas together, I humor him by yelping "deli," never expecting to find anything worth trying out.  Imagine my surprise when Weiss popped up in my results... Curious but not expecting too much, we hopped in the car and drove over.  My skepticism proved to be no match for this deli - we all walked away pleasantly surprised and with full bellies.Service was excellent - honestly one of the most professional and efficient, not to mention genuinely nicest waiters I've ever interacted with.  The portions are HUGE.  A bowl of soup could feed all of Boulder City.  So much real chicken, veggies, and super thin noodles, make this a hearty and yummy start to a meal.  The bagel chips that are served with the soup were delightfully crunchy and included a big variety of flavors (plain, pumpernickel, everything, etc).  Only complaint on the soup is that my mom's and my matzo balls were really soggy, like maybe they were undercooked or left in the broth for way too long.  The corned beef sandwich was very large - tons of meat, on seemingly homemade rye bread that was super tasty but could have been toasted a little more to provide a more solid structure to house the meat. The meat had great flavor; for my taste it could have been a bit leaner or more cleanly trimmed of fat, but I am extraordinarily picky about that - for most people, the way they serve it will be perfectly fine.  The best part?  Raw horseradish!  One suggestion?  More pickles!  One pickle per person does not a deli make!  I'm kidding, this place is definitely living up to its Delicatessen name.  But I'm serious about more pickles.
5	Delicious and the portions are really big! We were on a time rush and they served us quickly. Love it, I would come back if I was a local here.
5	Sooo good!!! I am from NY and been searching for a good deli! Everything is so good.   The matzoh ball soup is yummy! A must try.   I liked it better than the soup at the Vig deli and theirs is good.   Great bagels.   NY deli /diner style home fries.   Only negative is sometimes they say your server will be right with you and a long time passes....... But the food did come quick.     I will return again again and again to try other dishes :) and sandwiches
5	Amazing food here... have yet to have something i didnt like.
5	OK let's be honest... I love this place!!!The soup and half sandwich is HUGE!!!! The chicken matzo-ball soup and pastrami sandwich is huge, and hot, and SO SO good!!!I order the beef brisket, potato pancake, brown gravy, smothers in melted cheese and extra brown gravy is to DIE FOR.... Damn, order the pancake well done and you have got an orgasm in your mouth!!!!  Get more sour crean on the side, yes, yes, yes...
5	The chichen noodle soup is great!!
5	Jewish penicillin a bowl of chiken noodle soup when the waitress says the large bowl is very large listen I couldn't finish it, very very good it hit the spot the I just got sick and that was just what I needed. I will be back!!!
5	We've had breakfast and lunch at Weiss and loved both meals.  For breakfast, the bagel sandwiches are enormous.  I recommend adding the home fries to the sandwich for 95 cents.  They are made with onions and really add flavor.  The sandwich can be difficult to eat, but get after it with a knife and fork and you will be in good shape.For lunch, my usual is the Reuben.  This sandwich is LARGE, easily 2 meals.  Loaded with cheese and sauerkraut, it's the perfect amount of each ingredient.  I recommend heating it up in a toaster oven or regular oven, rather than a microwave.  It kept the bread crunchy.  My wife likes the chicken noodle soup, which uses angel hair type noodles and lots of herb, particularly dill.  Highly recommended.We usually get some bagels to go to make sandwiches at home.  Fantastic everything bagels!  They also sell all of their meats by the pound, as well as many other items.  They make their own corned beef and pastrami, and it shows.
4	The staff was attentive and friendly! I had the Reuben Sandwhich which was a delicious and I look forward to my next visit.
2	I feel sorta bad for Hendersonians.  They have Weiss, Summerlin has Bagel Cafe as the resident Jewish deli.For the record, Bagel Cafe destroys Weiss.I've tried the baked goods and the deli food.  The hamantaschen, rugelach, and black & white cookies at Weiss are not very good. The filling in both the hamantaschen and rugelach seemed to rely more on a gel-like substance than fruit.  The cookies, a little stale.  Passable, but not something I would buy again. The matzoh balls here also taste a little off...I really can't explain it. Rubbery? Their corned beef, however, is decent as are the bagels.   But, Jewish deli is serious business.  Weiss just doesn't pull it off successfully.
4	Being a big fan of bagel cafe, I wanted to find a similar place to eat that was a bit closer and easier to get to. Luckily, I found Weiss.  Man oh man, this place has some dang good chicken noodle and matzo ball soup ! Broth is super flavorful, chicken is nice and tender. Basically, it's just piping hot amazingness in your mouth. Their food portions here are big enough, that I probably don't need to get the soup everything I go, but you can be damn sure I will. Especially now that it's getting colder, no way am I going to pass up the soup when I eat here. Along with my soup, I usually get Ceilys stack. It's two potato latkes stuffed with brisket, and then covered with melted provolone and Munster cheese, as well as their brown sauce (gravy). I actually prefer to get mine with the gravy on the side. It's so rich and a little bit too salty for me to want it slathered all over. Instead, I prefer it on the side so I can just put small amounts on here and there. Also, just as a side note, Yates great even as left overs. I can never finish the soup and the stack, so I usually take half of the stack home, and it's still just as good. Meat, cheese, and potatoes... how can you go wrong ? As fire the service, I've gotten mixed feelings about it. I had Jacques add my server in the morning, and he was great. He was super busy with the tables, but still checked in on us and was very friendly. At night, I had Margie. While she wasn't unpleasant, she wasn't very pleasant either. We were also only one of three tables at the time, and the service wasn't that great. Other than that, all has been good. Now, if I haven't reiterated it enough... go get some matzo ball soup !
4	I'm going to make this short and sweet.  Chicken Soup here is unbelievable.  Imagine a Jewish grandmother making a fresh batch of it for her favorite bubala who came down with a flu.   THAT'S how amazing it is.  The omelette was OK, so I can't go with 5 stars.  Service is great, too.
5	Best chix noodle ever! Pastrami great too...pickles are weird meh. Egg cream soda yumm!
5	This place has the best chicken soup ever! It's authentic New York Jewish deli food. We arrived a little after noon and the entire restaurant was jam packed. We both ordered chocolate egg creams, they were delish! The only bad part is that they don't give you a gallon sized glass.. ;-)All three of us opted for the half sandwich and cup of soup. Their portions are huge! I ordered a half of a bagel, they served a whole bagel as a "half portion"... Superb! The half portion of chicken soup is a full bowl. It comes out really hot too. Their matzoh balls are softball size. The prices are very fair considering the portion size. My daughter ordered a hot dog-- it was a 1/4lb! They serve Hebrew national brand, yummy! I can't wait to go back! 5 stars!
5	The food here is great. Everything I have had so far has been fantastic. The service here is also top notch. They are family owned and care about their products and it really shows. Honest food, reasonable prices, and friendly service. I recommend you try them out and see for yourself.
4	This place was great .My friend took me there for my birthday. It was busy when we got there and by the time we were almost done, there was a line.I ordered the Ruben sandwich. It came with lots of cheese, a little bit too much sauerkraut. It was a huge sandwich. The bread was toasted perfectly. It was served open faced it was yummy. The only downfall was the regular iced water. It was almost undrinkable. Even with lemon . I refrained from it and ordered soda. I'll definitely go back. By the way the potato salad was awesome.
2	One star review. Wow!  Hadn't been in 3 years when it was wonderful. I add an extra 2nd star because it's New Year's Eve and the staff was very obviously understaffed.   But greeting at door and or the table might be nice. Taking less than 20 minutes to take a drink order might have added a star. Saw the food under the lamp for 2 of the 4 orders 45 minutes later, then 10 minutes later the French toast came on a dirty plate that actually made the French toast taste like garlic and aLarge dirty smudge of different color under the French toast. The orders came 5 minutes apart and the omelette was dry spinach on the outside and semi cold home fries. The redeeming value was the staffWas pleasant when they showed up to the table. Needs some attention to details on the staff. Simple basics that used to be there, but are missing now.   It might be a while before I dare going back though. I took the lack of charging us for coffee as an apology, but I think it was more likely attention to detail.  I made that undercharge go on the tip that I struggled to give my normal 20% standard.
5	Very taste. Many corn beef. Such amaze. Reuben sandwich is much wow. Very customer service. Much nice. So experience. Such New York.So early close in 7:30. Wow.The End.
4	I love Weiss Deli! They have the best chicken noodle soup and Matzo ball soup I have ever had. The potato salad is so good and the tuna salad is tasty, too! Just know that portions are huge and a sandwich can easily be shared by two. I'd give them 5 stars if the atmosphere were better. They used to have ---subjectively---ugly art displayed on the walls, but have recently removed those pieces and adorned the walls with photographs of their food instead.The food is great though and I've never experienced poor service there.
4	I like this place for a once in awhile go to for homemade matzah ball soup! You can get it without noodles and just enjoy the goodness of soup. Probably best in town. They try to give you that deli feel we get back home but they don't put pickles on the table anymore and it's gotten further away from a NY deli thru the years. The sandwiches however are nice and thick loaded with fresh meats. The bakery section is quite small compared to others and the challah is better other places. But the food is good and enjoyable, if you get deli food, not a burger.... (Like someone at our table did....)The customer service has been variable the times we have been there and the cleanliness has varied too. Not sure if because of how long they have been there or what but hasn't been remodeled. Depending on when you go, you can be waiting awhile too as the place is quite small. I like this place and the local business but overall it's changed a lot thru the years!
4	3.5 stars.I've been going to Weiss, since before it was called Weiss. It used to be called Samuels, or something to that effect.Today, I went in with my daughter, my mom and my brother. It was an afternoon weekday, so we had no problem getting a table. My menu was dirty.I ordered the soup (with ball) and a 1/2 of a corned beef. My brother got the rueben open faced, and my mom got the corned beef with coleslaw.My soup came out first, and it was as delicious as ever. My sandwhich came out with ever one else's meal. Looking around, the wall that separates the tables from the servers station is FILTHY. I mean, dust bunnies ! Coffee grounds... A quarter. I mean, yowza would it kill someone to wipe that down ?
4	Okay, I need to preface this review with a confession.  I am a total rookie when it comes to deli's.  I didn't know what to order and when the waitress was finally looking at me for my order, I panicked and got a burger.  Needless to say, I was given a hard time.  I knew that I was going against the grain when everyone else was ordering matza ball  soup and pastrami sandwiches.  But, to my defense, they had a burger on the menu, so I can only take half the responsibility.The burger was okay, and knew I made a mistake as I was getting jealous of the soup.  Next time, and there will be a next time, I will get the soup.  Service was alright and there wasn't an empty table in the place.  So, that speaks volumes.
5	Great Jewish deli.  Best bagels in town!  Homemade cream cheese that reminds you what it's supposed to taste like.  Corned beef on rye that my New York relatives did not turn their noses up at.  Only complaint is they don't open as early as I'd like for breakfast.
4	It's a bit funny to me that I've spent most of my life in Green Valley, yet cannot remember ever eating at Weiss' Deli. Intent on breaking that streak, and trying one of "The Best of Green Valley", I sent the Hubbers here on a Friday night to pick up some food to go. He got a couple of small matzoh ball soups, (which were huge, by the way),  a couple of sandwiches, and a black and white cookie. I  had originally thought we were going to share a Reuben, and then he comes home with 2 whole sandwiches! We both enjoyed the matzoh ball soup, and it was our first time trying it altogether. The soup was filled with chunks of pulled apart chicken, carrots, and skinny noodles. I prefer my soup to be a tad saltier, but I would order it again. My Reuben was ENORMOUS. It came stuffed with sauerkraut, cheese, and pulled high on rye bread: perfectly toasted, perfect amount of thousand island. I loved the little side of cole slaw too. It was such a big sandwich (on top of splitting a small soup), that I got 2 meals out of it. My husband had a Remington sandwich made with roast beef and horseradish. He enjoyed his sandwich as well. So much in fact, that he was wanting to go back and see how Weiss Deli is on breakfasts. The cashier had handed him a menu with his takeout order and he is very eager to return and try more things.
5	Nothing beats a good little Jewish Deli and this is exactly what Weiss Restaurant and Delicatessen is. It had been many years between visits here. I'm not sure if the restaurant owners changed, or if there was just a name change, but the last time I was here it was called Samuel's Deli. Not sure what took so long to get back because I always enjoyed the food, and after my most recent breakfast here I definitely know I'll be back sooner than later.So the special of the day was a ham steak with potatoes, 2 eggs cooked to order, and choice of bagel. The 2 eggs that I got scrambled seemed like it was at least 3 or 4 eggs, it was a ridiculous amount - but cooked to absolute perfection. The potatoes were very good. The ham steak was so-so for me. It was really, really big. I think the advertised size was 12 ounces. Maybe ham steaks just aren't my thing because it appeared to be cooked perfectly. Awesome grill marks, but the grill flavor did overtake the flavor of the meat a little too much for me. The highlight of the meal was the bagel, absolutely spectacular. My Jewish father would probably disown me if he knew I ordered a cinnamon raisin bagel, but my non-Jewish mother would defend that decision. Usually at places like this when you get a bagel toasted they come out really chewy, and not as good as you would expect. Polar opposite here. The bagel was perfectly toasted, just chewy enough without being soft. I would probably rate this the best bagel I've ever had. My wife had the everything bagel and next time I would probably order that - amazing flavor! Highly recommend hitting up this place for breakfast, then following that breakfast with a matinee at Galaxy Theaters, pretty much the only place you should ever go to watch a movie for the rest of your life.
4	I had lunch here on Monday and found it to be an unexpected surprise!   Who would think you could get authentic Jewish deli food not on the east coast.  Well this little gem tucked into a corner of a strip mall delivers delectable deli fare with care and motherly concern.  My waitress said I would enjoy my pastrami on rye and she was right.  I love it when the servers are confident and proud of their food.  The pastrami had the correct balance of spice and fat piled high.  The caraway seeded rye bread had that firm crust and soft interior that allows the pastrami fat to soak in elevating the taste factor and demanding that you always hold onto the sandwich once grasped.   The quantity and quality of the food justifies the slightly higher price.   Try this place if you want a solid Jewish deli experience here in Las Vegas.
4	Yummy Reuben! I am a huge fan of Reubens and Weiss Reuben sandwich was just what the doctor ordered! Perfectly fresh bread, moist and tangy sauerkraut and loads and LOADS of pastrami! The sandwich was so big, I had it for lunch and dinner!I also had their fries and it was OK. I like my fries salty and thin and theirs was seriously lacking in salt and super thick. It was nice and crunchy though and being that my sandwich was amazing, I quickly got over it. I was surprised by the amount of seating space inside, It's diner style and has lots of small business charm. I was hoping to pick up some pastries while there too but none of them appealed to me. That was a bit disappointing. All in all, I'll definently come back for a Reuben and may be some chicken noodle soup!
5	Picked up an order this morning and it was great as always. I went with the ONE, it is a porkroll "taylor ham" with eggs on a nice soft roll with cheese. It was exactly what I wanted it to taste like. My wife got the Mother of all hash and she said it was the best hash she has ever had, it comes with home fries ,two eggs and a bagel with cream cheese. I tried the bagel and I must say it was fantastic and the cream cheese is awesome. We also got a blueberry danish that was very good and huge, we didn't even put a dent in it. We also got a brownie for our son but he is still sleeping so I will edit that in later.
4	A new day and a new place to try.  We stopped in for weekday lunch.  To my surprise there was still a wait to be seated at 1:30.  Must be good!  We were seated and had some time to look over the menu.  Our waitress I could see was busy.  By the time she came over to us, all she said was, "Ok, ready".  I guess she lacked in her customer service skills.  That, in a nut shell, was her personality for our dining visit.  I tried the Chicken noodle Matzoh ball soup but just a small bowl.  Let me tell you the small bowl was pretty huge.  I think that would have sufficed for my entire meal.  The flavor was great and would definitely have that again.  I had also ordered the Grilled Cheese and added ham and grilled onions.   The ham and onions were an additional charge to the sandwich.  Fabulous and very tasty flavor!  I loved every bite.  Even though I was full from the soup, I couldn't stop eating the sandwich.   The grilled onions really gave it that extra umph!  Yes I would recommend going here to eat but just don't expect the best of service.  Hopefully it will be better next time!  Enjoy!
5	I've been craving Chicken noodle matzoh ball soup!  Usually when in l.a. I get my fix at Canters.  In Vegas, I hadn't found a place yet. . . that is until I found Weiss. We had potato pancakes with brisket and the most delicious gravy, Pastrami sandwich, and of course matzo ball soup.  We were beyond full, but it was so delicious that we just couldn't have any leftovers.  Worth the trip from anywhere in the valley.
5	Holy MOTHER of Howard Beach! This is the ONE TRUE JEWISH DELI (I said JEWISH NOT KOSHER!) in LV, baby! GREAT food, fairly priced and more on your plate than you wil believe. Go here and expect a small wait - but it is worth it!
4	The best homemade chicken soup, this will be my go to place when I need chicken soup. Their half sandwiches are huge so if you get the soup and 1/2 sandwich it will be more than enough. The bread was fresh and I got the chicken salad sandwich and it was delicious. I also got a black and white cookie which tasted more like a large flat piece of cake and it was good.
5	Excellent, made from scratch, chicken noodle soup. It is so hard to find soup like this. Next time, I will try the soup of the day. They ran out of Pea soup last time, which looked excellent. My friends raved about the eggplant soup. The restaurant is a simple diner look  and a little dated. The main reason I go there is for the great, homemade soup.
4	Ate lunch there today. Wonderful portion sizes- literally a sandwich and a half for one order. Enjoyed their patio seating area- just wish beverage refills came faster outside, a common problem at any establishment with an outdoor area. Great food, great price, good meal- and extremely friendly to the dogs.Thanks guys will be back!
3	I finally ventured to Weiss for lunch with my friend. I have heard talk of this place for ages, so was excited to try what they had to offer. Since everyone seems to always rave about their chicken noodle soup, so I knew I had to give that a chance. I decided on the half sandwich and soup, to maximize the amount of things I could try. I'm not typically a big fan of deli meat, but still went with the corned beef. The soup came out quickly and was enormous. Lots of meaty pieces of chicken and a huge matzo ball in the center. The matzo ball was perfection, I'm usually easy to please with these. The soup was a little under-seasoned for my taste, so I had to add some salt and pepper. I rarely ever have to add salt to anything, so this was very, very rare for me. The soup was very filling and by the time my sandwich came out I was stuffed. I ate about half my half sandwich, which was enormous as well and packaged the rest to go with me. My friend ordered the pastrami burger with fries. It was huge and looked really good and meaty. The patrons at the next table were impressed as well and kept asking him about his order and if it tasted as good as it looked, to which he answered "yes." My sandwich was good and I enjoyed it for the mots part. The bread was a little dry, but adding mustard really enhanced the flavor. I would be curious about their clubs or reubens next time as those looked tasty, as well as their breakfast items. Service was friendly, but they were short with us and we felt a bit rushed. After our second drink refill, the server left the pitcher on our table without a word, making us feel like we were bothering him a bit. Our other server was efficient, but not very chatty and didn't make much effort beyond what was expected. For the most part, we had a decent meal and I'd be curious to check them out again and try some more items from their very extensive menu.
4	It's tucked back in the corner of a shopping plaza, kinda just hanging out, waiting for someone to find it. It's worth finding.Finally got some time to meet up with Elite Emily, so we chose this place because who doesn't love some good pastrami? Terrorists, that's who. We, however, are not terrorists, so we went to check out this place in Henderson.The main downside is that it's small. Like, "get there early or prepare to wait" small. Our wait time wasn't too bad, but with the cramped seating, I can see it filling up very quickly and not relenting. Also, even in our early [CENSORED] we definitely skewed the age range downward.Suck it up, Soldier Sassypants, because this is some serious deli pwnge, Elite Emily went with the Soup & Sandwich combo, but the Matzo Ball Soup dominated so that way when she got to the sandwich, it was almost time to throw in the towel. My Pastrami Burger was so big I'm fairly sure you could have put little french fry legs and made it into a scene-stealing Disney sidekick. But it was delicious though, so it wouldn't have lasted long. Because I would have eaten it. And possibly burped. TMI.The meat was done just right, with just the right seasonings to go with it, and the pastrami was shaved so thin while still being piled high and tender. Add a little deli mustard, oy, it's like buttah. You'll develop shpilkis in your genechtagazoink.Service was friendly, if a little rushed (I mean, granted, we were thirsty, but ya didn't have to bring the whole pitcher of Pepsi over). Definitely a hidden gem worth finding.You can meet me there. We'll nosh, we'll talk, no big whoop.
2	I believe that "Weiss" is German for white. How appropriate. The food couldn't get any more white, bland and tasteless.I was really eager to try this place. The pictures looked great, the reviews were good, and I saw on the menu that they had cabbage soup, which I loved from Foxy's and from Jackie's in Commercial Center- two late lamented delis which reveal how incredibly old I am.So, and equally decrepit friend and I grabbed our walkers and shuffled on down.It was busy, but we were seated quickly and service was efficient if not particularly friendly. So far, so good. We were disappointed that they didn't bring us a dish of pickles or a basket of rye bread, which were standard in the aforementioned old-school spots, but then, nobody pumps your gas for you anymore, either, so still o.k.I was trying to be conservative on calories so I had a 1/2 brisket on rye with cabbage soup, my friend went wild with a triple decker concoction involving corned beef, pastrami, and cole slaw.First, we got the soup. I was expecting a rich, tangy, tomato base. This was more brown. You know how when you cook soup and store it overnight it's usually better the next day? Well, this was more like they had been reheating it and keeping it hot every day for about a week so it just tasted old. The accompanying hard toasted bagel slices were clearly a creative use of leftovers that would have been thrown away. I am a crostini fan so I liked them. My friend did not.Then came the sandwiches. They looked good. Until I opened mine to add mustard. The brisket was mostly fat, and wet, soggy fat at that. Like catching a glimpse of myself getting out of the shower. Her pastrami and corned beef were almost tasteless. Again, I think they sliced the meat and held it in hot water repeatedly until they managed to leach out any semblance of flavor. The only thing they didn't soak were the pickles, which still tasted raw. After sampling those and the flavorless rye bread, I no longer yearned for the free samples.I will say that the chicken noodle soup looked great, as did the breakfast ordered at another table. But ours LOOKED good, too. And what does it say about a menu where the standout is chicken soup? Bland, bland, bland.
3	After stalking there menu for a week I made my visit with my 2 yr old. located in a nice strip mall next to trader joes. Lots of outdoor seating. With the bakery on the left side and dining on the right. It was breakfast so I didn't get to order what I originally planned on getting. I went with a braised beef Benedict, cornbread hash and chicken tenders n fries for my son. server was nice and friendly. my Benedict was ok. I like the cornbeef better but nothing special.. It's breakfast. it was a "ok" visit. I just need to comeback to try their regular menu items.
5	One visit so far, but will be back.  I had the Ceily's stack (brisket, potato pancakes, cheese, topped with brown gravy) and matzo ball soup.  The Mrs. had a Reuben.  We shared, of course.Huge portions.  Chicken matzo ball soup is perfection.  Reuben was as good as it gets . . . and HUGE with plenty of meat.   Lots of made-from-scratch stuff.  It's the real deal.  From what we observed at other tables and ate ourselves, it's quality food with generous portions.  Large menu with a lot of choices.  Great take-out and to-go counter, including chopped liver, kippered salmon, rice pudding, bagels, and pastries.  Killer garlic bagels that simply reek of garlic!  This joint took me back to my East Coast Jewish roots.  Only complaint was the coffee tasted like instant, and no non-dairy creamer was available.  I would have deducted 1/2 a star for this if possible, but will let it slide for now. Given how many of us Jew-folk are lactose intolerant, you'd think they'd have non-dairy creamer available.  I'd happily pay a little more for the coffee in order to get good coffee and Coffee-Mate with my breakfast.Service was just fine and reasonably attentive.  Waitstaff was friendly, helpful, and attentive.  No complaints there at all.Hopefully future visits will be as good.  Looking forward to "testing" the benedicts.
5	Jewish deli! Yes, please! I love this place! This is a hard one for me to write because I love everything from here! You can't go wrong with anything you order. I often stop in and order from their take out counter. My standard order is 1lb of potato salad and 3 of their half done pickles! Mmmmmm so so good! I've also gotten their rye bagel and a loaf of their rye bread. The taste is so good you will never want to buy store brand bread again. The White Fish Salad and the Baked Salmon Salad are super creamy and just has that fishy taste I want. As far as sitting down and ordering a sandwich, which you can also order to go , there are many choices. The standard Pastrami on Rye is loaded with meat, more then enough for two meals. The Ruben is another excellent sandwich. Off their specialty menu I really enjoy the Clary Silver. It is loaded with pastrami, corned beef, melted swiss and it's served on their yummy rye bread.  My Husband really enjoys the Arlene Bianchi, which I also love! It It has pastrami, turkey and cheese all melted together on a triple deck of sourdough (usually comes on rye, but my husband is weird). You also get a side of your choice, but choose the potato salad. Always potato salad!Basically anything you get from here is delicious! I've never had a bad experience here. The staff is super friendly and nice. The only downside is that it's small and can get busy during peak hours, but what good place doesn't? When the food is this good, waiting just does not matter to me! If you go for breakfast or lunch you will leave full and happy!
5	Weiss's has undergone quite a few changes since I first started going there. But they have finally hit their stride. The chopped liver is reminiscent of my Bubbe's, as was the whitefish salad. Weiss's is also the only place in the Valley that I know of who carries Dr. Brown's. If you like or need some Jewish soul food then Weiss's is your place. They may not be kosher, but they're "kosher" in my book!
4	I'm a big fan of big portions, a home style atmosphere and deserts. That being said Weiss definitely checks all of those off!Weiss is a smaller place located in a strip mall. There is normally a wait when I've gone (both on weekends granted) but the service is speedy and they turn everyone pretty fast. The sandwiches are better than your average deli but priced really well for the portion and the sit down nature. I've gotten an open faced turkey as well as a bagel brisket. Both were very good, however a slightly different style than I'm normally accustomed to, thus the 4 stars. I normally grab a giant dessert from the to-go counter on the way out. You can't go wrong with a black/white cookie or a chocolate covered brownie. If you want a homestyle place to eat, perfect for lunch, Weiss is your spot!
3	I've been to probably 100s of delis in my day.  This one is about average.  Portions are decent for the cost and the place is always busy.  Being one of few Jewish style delicatessen in the area my account for this.  Overall... A decent place to get your deli fix if you need one.
4	Food was so much better this time around. Service was spotty but i can look pass that because I enjoyed everything. Pastrami was delicious and you get a hefty serving of it. Chicken noodle soup w matzo ball is literally one of the best chicken noodles I've had. Pancakes are light, fluffy and tasty. I usually can't finish my pancakes but I can eat theirs all day..it's so light. If you haven't eaten here..it's best you do something about it lol.
5	Amazing food! Huge portions and oh soo tasty!Seating is scarce, so we always expect a wait, and if there is none, it's a bonus.They have a small bakery attached, that is a must to take a look at while here.Highly recommend.
4	An authentic Jewish deli with great food. I enjoyed the lox plate which came with tomato, cucumber, onions, cream cheese and a  bagel. Sis had the chopped liver which tasted like childhood memories. Hubby and brother in law had pastrami and corned beef sammies. We thought the corned beef was better but both were enjoyable. Big portions. Good value. Old school deli vibe.
2	Not the best deli I've ever been to! The women at the front are kinda rude and aren't on top of their game when there's a rush. I ordered a sandwich and the 4 people who ordered AFTER me got their food before me. The sandwich ingredients were good quality, but it was literally slapped together so haphazardly that it was impossible to eat. I got one with turkey and salami on it, and half of the sandwich didn't have turkey and half didn't have salami. You could just tell it was put together so carelessly, it didn't make me feel good about spending $17.  The toothpicks were stuck in sideways and defeated the purpose of having them there in the first place, and the side of fruit was dried out and gross. Like really, if you're going to only give me one strawberry among my "side of fruit", make sure its at least a good one. They have a wide variety of things to choose from, but the customer service, and the way they prepared their food left me just thinking "Meh. I've experienced better".
4	I am upgrading my score thanks to some awesome Matzoh Ball soup!  Saved my passover!  Their Challah is great too and the staff is awesome!  I only wish the place had a little bit less than the cafeteria style seating and better sides.  Do not get the potato pancake unless you want a giant soft mess.Other than that, so glad they are here in LV! Makes me a little less homesick.
5	We had Easter breakfast here today with all the fam (11 ppl) kids & adults & everybody left happy with full bellies! The service was outstanding, our waiter (taller young guy) was refreshingly well mannered & very attentive to all our carious requests. We sat on the patio, which was spacious & nicely shaded. The food was delicious & we had quite a variety! Their toast is made with fresh bread baked in their bakery, as was my bagel and both were excellent! We make every effort to support locally and/or family owned restaurant when possible, we'll definitely be returning to Weiss!
4	Ya gotta go. Great family-owned place. Get your butt out of bed on the weekends for breakfast because they have amazing hash options and latkes. Lunch menu is good, too. Servers are friendly and speedy.In some places they have two 4-seater tables pushed together so if you are a couple and there's a group with 3 (for example), you might be sitting in the same place. It's not weird and adds to the "family atmosphere."Sometimes, especially on the weekends, it takes forever for someone to acknowledge you to be seated. I appreciate a, "Be right with you!" every now and then but once I waited 20 min before that happened.Also good to try: Matzoh Ball soup!!
4	I've been here three times now, and have zero complaints about the food. People are right when they say the chicken noodle soup here is amazing! When I've come for lunch I've ordered half a sandwich and soup - the portions are huge! It's a great value. The waiter always seems to recommend Challah bread, so that is what I've gotten and it has been really good. Also, I had some sort of brisket eggs benedict - again, the portions are huge, I think I took almost half of it home. And the brisket was very tasty and tender - exactly what you'd expect from a delicatessen. The downside is that there can be a wait and they don't seem to keep a list. You just have to stand around at the door until they get to you. And people aren't really standing in a straight line because there is limited space. It would make things much easier if they just took down names and let people wait outside. (I guess you could always order your food at the take out counter.)Speaking of outside, when the weather is nice they serve at the outdoor tables too. So this place is dog friendly! Just beware, you still have to wait your turn in that line to get an outdoor table.
4	Oh my lord- East coast Jewish delis are amazing, and this place can holds its own with the best of them. As soon as I saw the menu here, I started (favorably) comparing it to Miller's on Polk Street in SF, where I first had matzo ball soup.The soup here, which we started with, is just as legit. And the portions are just as huge, too- the one pictured is a cup. It could easily be a lunch, and is served with a couple of tasty-ass bagel chips too. Rye flavor, natch.BF opted for one of the most expensive (and largest) sandwiches ever, the JR Boucher, which is a triple-layer with pastrami and liver. Yeah, that didn't sound tasty to me at all, and it's $18. But we got it, and it's frickin' delicious: all the components work so well together, they harmonize like a choir of angels. Oh and one sandwich is easily like three meals. We shared it and still had half for dinner.And, because I'm a total glutton and never on this side of town, I had to get my own dish, too. I got the Ceily's stack- latkes stuffed with brisket, topped with two types of cheese and brown gravy. It's even more amazing than it sounds, priced at $12, and is also easily split into thirds. Just finished my order for lunch today.With two heavy take-out boxes in hand, we rolled ourselves out the door... And promptly axed any plans of looking for a rental property in Henderson, because I don't want to weigh 400 pounds and if this place were nearby, that might be a serious possibility.
5	Excellent in every aspect.  Had the White Fish platter, comes with 2 bagels, cream cheese,choice of salads,6 sliced tomatoes, capers, green and black olives, lettuce, pickle, etc.  Too much.. will be back without a doubt.  $16.95
4	Well, I am no stranger to Jewish Delis or Any deli for that matter! I would like to say I'm a connoisseur of sorts. So I was starving today and needed a place to eat. I have heard rave things about Weiss so I though "I'll give this place a shot!" I did just that!I called a fee times to place my order over the phone considering I had to return to work. They never answered even though they were open. So I hopped my little but in the car and went for a drive. I arrived at this little Deli in between a art supply store and a  hair salon. Wasn't anything to be desires by the curb appeal. I entered and it appeared as if I time wrapped to the early 1990s but I digress! I placed my order, paid and waited....and waited...and waited...then waited some more. My food finally after nearly 25 minutes came to me wrapped in a typical plastic bag and screamed to be eaten! (Insert horror flic screams here!) I ordered the Latkes with Brisket and cheese. A first time meal for me,and was looking forward to it! I rushed to work, opened the package and scarfed my first gooey delish bite of pure bliss! I couldn't stop eating it! I kept shoveling the food in my mouth like a starving child! (Or a fat kid in front of cake!)I was impressed with the Food. No complaints except for appearance and waiting time! If this place can clean up the decor a bit and work on customer service it will get 5 stars soon!
5	Best deli in town. Great for us ethnic types. I think even a goy would enjoy a little nosh here.The booths could be a bit more comfortable but I think if they were the nap that I want after the gigantic pastrami would come to easily. I will quit my kvetching and eat. Mangiare.
4	I love Weiss and I love my neighborhood even more for having a place like this. It's a legitimate deli with all kinds of great meats by the pound or for sandwiches. The Reuben is amazing, and I love the chicken matzo soup. It has plenty of chicken and the veggies are super fresh and crisp. Prices are high, but every item is plenty large for two. Plus quality is high, so overall I think it's a good deal. The sit down ambiance isn't anything special, so we usually call ahead for takeout or just eat at a table outside. Don't waste your money or calories on the desserts. Meh.
5	Best bagels and cream cheese ever! I always get the garlic bagel, not toasted with cream cheese. The potato salad, chicken salad, rugelach, and deli sandwiches are also all delicious!
5	The food is solid, the portions are big, and the prices are great. I keep coming back! Best breakfast in town for the price. I normally get the mother of all hash which comes with two egg and choice of potato pancake, and bagel. I end up splitting it with someone because its a lot of food for under 10$. I just get extra eggs.
5	Weiss surpassed my expectations!  The hubby & I shared an Open-Face Reuben, Corned  Beef was tender & juicy. Desert spread also phenomenal.  Cheesecake was PROPER...creamy & perfect crust. Had my first "Black & White" wow I loved it. We also tried their Macaroon. And another cookie, with raspberry filling then dusted with powdered sugar. (Told you it was a spread)Looking forward to trying more on their menu!
4	Right now the "Jewish Deli" is monopolized by the hotels on the strip, and as a local, why would you want to go down there? Especially on a weekend! What to navigate taxi cabs and pedestrians to park in a massive garage and walk a mile to the restaurant? Battle through the smoke filled casino to wait in line with tourists to get a sandwich? No way.This deli is really traditional. It has all your basics, big sandwiches, ethnic food, Dr Browns soda, soups, etc. It's even good for breakfast, but there are tons of breakfast places so just save this place for lunch or a real early dinner (since they close early). Even if you're "all Americana" you can get some plain Jane sandwiches or a burger, but you should expand your horizons and get at least some pastrami.The place gets packed on the weekend lunch hour. Not too bad, but if you're in a group larger than 4 you may have a wait. Portions are huge for the price, which is good, unless you are looking to slim down.The only negative is the bakery inside. The cookiees and pastries are really expensive. I bought 3 small cookiees and the price was almost $8, compared to my entire lunch which was only $15! The 3 cookiees weren't even that tasty.Skip the bakery, come hungry, leave happy.
5	Instead of ordering the Bagel platter with lox, I ordered a toasted bagel with side of lox. Also ordered their bread pudding. ..a 5 star dish. Cannot finish it.
5	Was recommended by a friend to go here. So glad he did. It's a short ride away from the strip. Chicken soup was awesome. I had the two gigantic potato latkas stuffed with brisket which was out of this world. The service was very friendly and attentive. We will definitely stop back on our next visit to Vegas.
3	Good, but overpriced. Paid $12 for a pastrami sandwich. It was good, but either needed to be bigger or a few bucks cheaper.
2	The white fish salad sandwich was just okay. Nothing special and a little overpriced. I don't appreciate when I'm told that they don't have any water and offered to buy bottled water for $2.50. So your Coke machine works just fine but there is no water? Shame on you!I wish they didn't hire these young guys who look if they are skipping high school: I don't expect anything special from a server but I don't want to wait for ten minutes for my check, I expect to get my drink refilled after I was asked if I want it refilled and finally, when I'm trying to remind him about the refill I don't appreciate being told "Have a nice day".
5	Love this place! Everything on the menu is awesome. I especially love the pancakes, the French dip, the soups which rotate daily, and the potato salad is amazing. They gave BIG portions and is kid friendly. The staff is great and there is even a to-go area with lots of choices to take home. Thus us my favorite breakfast and lunch spot in the valley!
5	I love East Coast Jewish delis and this is just that in the West. I felt like I was in New York City, it was hard to convince my mind that I wasn't. I ordered a bowl of chicken soup, a onion bagel with cream cheese, and a black and white cookie. (Seinfeld anyone?) The chicken soup was mind blowing! The chicken was so soft and, hmm saying "stringy" sounds odd but it was great. The bagel was excellent. It tasted like a real bagel, not one you would get from a grocery store. Even if you have never had a "real" bagel before you will know when you bite into one of these bagels. The black and white cookie was great as well, it was thick and cakey. My favorite frosting was chocolate but both were great. I would recommend this to anyone! Happy eating.
4	First of all..... Might as well say this is on sunset vs green valley D: I was traveling east on the 215, and it had me exit off Green Valley Parkway and drive North... all the way to almost Sunset... I was like wahhhh i could have taken the airport bypass and got off on Sunset D: Save me that loop i drove =[ Located on the corner of the Trader Joe's shopping centre. Pretty easy to find. Super busy. The restaurant side was packed. As i was on the way to an appointment for work, i decided to do take out. Overlooking the menu... quite extensive. Lots of options. As i had this place bookmarked for "TRY THE PASTRAMI SANDWICH !!!" ... thats what i got. Pastrami sandwich on rye bread, with a side of potato salad, and half a pickle. Little did i know how BIG these sandwiches are. Can easily match if not BEAT jason's deli sizes (and those arent small either). Total wait time was maybe ~10 minutes. Not bad. When my order came out, the waitress asked if i wanted mustard. I told her it was my first time at the restaurant, and shes like "yeah you are getting mustard..." then she proceeded in telling me about these two guys who came in for the first time, about 6 months ago. Ate there, then since then, found EVERY chance to go to the restaurant and tried the ENTIRE menu. 2 guys, 2 different items each time, and shared. I'm like.... bravo... Luckily i dont live on that side of town HAHA ! Since i was on the move, i ate it while driving to my appointment. My god it was hard to eat (size issue.... yah yah -.- dirty minds). I had wished the pastrami was thick sliced like some deli's ive heard of in NY but oh well. Good flavor. Needs to be eaten asap or bottom bread gets soggy :( like all pastrami or corned beef sandwiches... Potato salad was nice. Not overly heavy. Pickle was a bit underflavored? Maybe they make it themselves. I like sourness. XD Overall. Pretty good. Would like to come back another time and try other things !
5	So I have been in search of the best Ruben sandwich in the Las Vegas valley and my quest has finally ended here, The corned beef was on point along with good Russian dressing and croute to top it off and the Rye bread was toasted to perfection I had the closed sandwich version and the wife tried open face both equally good and prepared with love. The service was great and the server had a more personal relation with the customers comming in calling them by name. We will definetly be back to try something else
2	Let me start by saying I think I just had a subpar experience. This is a little lengthy, but hear me out.I went here with 4 other adults. Three of us arrived and sat and the other 2 joined within about 5 minutes. We waited hardly any time for someone to take our drink order, but there was a significant wait for our order. I order the pancake breakfast with eggs over hard, bacon, and I tried to order home fries with no onions. I was told that was not possible to do without onions. I asked if there were any potato options without onions and she said no. So I asked if I could get corned beef hash instead and she was going to charge me as a side (full price, not a sub price). I didn't want to tack on an extra $5.25 to my price and didn't think that was completely fair so I passed. The options I was given were a side of tomatoes or fruit, which I didn't want either. I asked if I could just get extra bacon and she agreed. I feel like these are pretty lame options just because someone doesn't like onions, but such is my life. Then after asking for bacon the waitress said "there are onions in the corned beef hash anyway." Uh, ok. Not sure why that wasn't mentioned when I asked to get them. That would have saved a lot of back and forth.The food finally arrives and it looks great. The syrup on the other hand.... not good. It came with 2 very large pancakes and I was given 2 small packs of kraft syrup. The syrup was nasty. It was thicker than honey and had to be spread with a knife. My mom had the same meal and told the waitress, "um the syrup...." and she interrupted and said "oh, I know what you're going to say" and quickly walked off. She came back with a pack warmed up from hot water. It made no difference at all. Hot or lukewarm, the syrup was thick and nasty. It was a below average pancake experience, which I didn't know was even possible. To make this not a complete bitch-fest, the eggs and bacon were cooked right at least.The waitress was busy and believe me, I have very reasonable expectations from servers since I used to work in a restaurant. She was very short with us. She was foreign so I know that is a factor, but sometimes you need to show some empathy when you have to tell someone bad news, or when they ask things from you.I have heard such great things from Weiss deli that I was looking forward to eating here, but was let down. If I could make a recommendation to them would be to have better syrup, and able to pour from a container. The syrup was so thick and messy (and not tasty) my hands were sticky, and the bathroom was locked so I couldn't wash them. I would come here again, but I wouldn't order the same thing. I tasted my husband's french toast and it was very good. He had strawberries and whip cream on them so he didn't use the syrup. I noticed most of their food had onions, so I think my choices would be limited if they won't let me hold the onions. I'm not in a hurry to come back though.
5	I've been wanting to take the bf here for quite some time. I used to eat here all the time several years ago, but for whatever reason it had been a while since I'd been back.  Food is exactly as I remembered it. Actually better. At first I was planning to order the pastrami burger, then the open face turkey sandwich.... But thank goodness I kept looking, because I found the open face brisket with mashed & gravy and immediately remembered why I love this place. This is totally a cheat meal for me, but who cares when it is this delicious! The bf also had difficulty deciding on one thing. He kept going back & forth between the sandwiches named after famous people. He ended up getting the pastrami sandwich with Russian dressing & liver pate/mouse (not exactly sure but that's what it looked/tasted like to me. *He's asleep so I can't ask him. Anyway whatever it was, the sandwich was ginormous. Crazy big. When I took my obligatory I have to try everything bite... I actually had to first bite the bottom pastrami part them go back for a second bite of the list pate. After I took the bite... The bf said it didn't even look like I had taken a bite. Seriously the sandwich was big. He also ordered a black/white shake, and I love a place that has fresh brewed ice tea.  I know it's common... But  I consider iced tea to be a treat for myself so I'm always sad when the place has that fake soda iced tea nonsense. Our service was quick & friendly. It took us longer than normal (which is usually typical for us) to order, but our server was very good. And came back right as we had just decided. Kept our drinks refilled & brought us to go boxes without us having to ask.Also the French fries (served with his sandwich) were quite good. I liked dipping them in my gravy.
3	We went to Weiss' for brunch on Sunday.  We had not been here in years and it seems like it may have gone downhill a bit.  Per other guests crammed into the waiting area, there was a 35-40 wait, but no one came to put our name on the list until we were standing there for 15 minutes.  He actually started taking the name of the group that just walked in the door instead of us and the others that came in before that group.  Unimpressed with that.  While I was waiting, I noticed that this place needs a major overhaul.  It looks really old and run down.We were taken to a table after about 35 minutes and the chairs had standing water on them.  I asked the waitress if I could have a towel to wipe it down, but she was too busy filling the sweetener containers and was rude.  She never brought a towel so I had to ask a bus boy who brought some napkins.  Of course, she ended up being our waitness...figures.  I was torn between breakfast and lunch.  But I went with lunch and ordered the French Dip.  The meat was fantastic and would have been good on its own, but dipped in the au jus it was heavenly.   The pocket bun looked good, but it was so massive I just eat the meat with a fork.  The awesome food is the only thing that saved me from giving Weiss' one star because the experience was utterly lacking.
5	Can't find anything to be improved on here' egg salad like your momma never thought to make!!! Brisket so succulent you just might punch your favorite cousin for the last slice!Portions are huge but it's always good for the next two meals as leftovers!!!!
4	I'm going to keep this very simple. They have the Best bagels, and cream cheese. Amazing motzo ball soup, and corned beef hash hands down.
2	This was mediocre.  Its definitely NOT the bagel cafe which they seem to be trying to mimic.  The corned beef hash isnt "the mother of all hash".  It tastes homemade but not as good as other homemade around town.  If you're hungry dont order "the classic benny".  My boyfriend order that and got what looked like two open faced sliders with hollandaise sauce. We shared a bagel amd even that dissapointed us.  Besides that it was tiny inside the restaurant and stuffy.
5	Overall, it's the best deli in Vegas. Huge portions, fresh ingredients, courteous and efficient staff, and reasonable prices. Open faced Reuben is a fantastic meal sure to promise a full second meal's worth of leftovers, although it's not a perfect "Reuben" sandwich per say. I've never been a huge fan of eating chicken salad sandwich's from restaurants, but their's is outright amazing and is in my usual rotation. Matzah ball chicken noodle soup is always the highlight of the meal for me, and I always get an order to go whenever I start to feel sick; it's the closest thing to "mom's" you'll ever get. For breakfast, it's always hard for me to try anything other than the "Ceily's Stack", it's savory breakfast heaven with massive latkes and meat covered in cheese and gravy.Has a nice family diner atmosphere, and service is definitely focused on efficiently turning customers over quickly; which feels nice when your from the Midwest or East Coast like I am. Get in, be smiled at, eat, get a refill, finish eating, and then leave. The way it should be; no lollygagging around with laptops out or any of that nonsense.
4	Was in Vegas for high school volleyball tournament and had a break between matches for breakfast. Highly recommend Weiss'! Nova was great, bagels were solid and service was strong. I had the Eggs Nova with onions, green onions, dill and cream cheese. It was a something I'd eat again. Weiss' is a high in the list of Fatty Rules breakfast joints in Vegas! L'chaim!
5	No pictures,  we dove into our food.  The food was so good.  I had chicken soup and salad, huge bowl of soup, with large pieces of chicken breast.  The salad was huge as well.  The half pastrami was thick, the BLT was huge, and save room for dessert.  We had bread pudding,  and rice pudding we shared. The ice tea was fresh...everything was win.
5	My family has been eating at Weiss's Deli for about 10 years. We also order it for our call center about once a month for 40+ people and they love it too. My favorite is the Ceilys Stack, but l'll go for a Reuben too.
5	What a gem! I could eat a gallon of their homemade cream cheese and I have never met a bagel here I didn't like. The chicken  noodle soup is better than anything anyone's grandma has ever made. There, I said it. Come hungry because every portion is quite large. They can be really busy and there may be a bit of wait, but just sit and wait and admire their never ending lunch and breakfast menus. You will not be disappointed.
5	There are 5 simple reasons why this place gets 5/5 stars AND is a place you should stop into:#1: DELICIOUSNESS. This place has great food! I am a huge fan of Nova lox, and this is the best in the Vegas area. Their sandwiches are good (corned beef...yuummmm), their breakfast menu is good (oatmeal is fantastic), and their bagels are fresh and flavorful! #2: HUMONGOUS PORTIONS.You ever walk into a place and pay $12 for a sandwich, have it put in front of you, and wonder "How in the hell can that sandwich have actually costed me $12?" Well, you think that same thing when you come here...only for the opposite reason. You start trying to figure out how then can squeeze so much meat into the sandwich and still make a profit! (And quality cuts of meat at that!)#3: FRIENDLY STAFFThe staff is always friendly here. I have yet to come across a server that is unfriendly (unlike a number of other delis I have been to where it seems like sometimes you are there to serve the waitress. Not like that here!) You can tell that this place is packed full of regulars because you often hear the customer and waiter/waitress call each other by their names. (That is usually the best sign of a good restaurant.)#4: PICKLESLots of pickles. Delicious pickles. And they're free pickles. What's not to love about that?!#5: BAKED GOODSTheir baked goods, in addition to their great bagels, are fantastic. Personally, I never come here without getting some rugelakh and half&half cookie.
4	An oasis in a sea of dreck!Went to  Weiss to satisfy a craving for deli since moving to the OC.  Weiss did not disappoint.  We had pastrami on rye - delicious   Bread was fresh and the pastrami was moist and flavorful.  We also had whitefish salad on a bagel which was great. I don't think the white fish was homemade - tasted like acme, but I LOVE Acme whitefish salad. Finally we tried the French toast - perfect French toast.  Service was good and we managed to avoid a wait.  Will be back next time we are in Vegas.
4	My first visit to Weiss had the ceilys stack....two potato latkes stuffed with braised brisket topped with cheese and brown sauce served with sour cream...wow...will come back for reuben and or egg salad...huge portions of comfort food.
3	Went there with my partner and another couple. The food was good but I'm trying to figure out why they do not have the deli mustard on the table with the ketchup. We had pastrami & corned beef sandwiches so there should have been mustard, no??Oh, and the bathroom was filthy!!!
5	Tiny, local restaurant with some of the best food in Vegas! Do yourself a favor and share whatever you get because you'll have leftovers for days if not. I'm not saying that's a bad thing, just know you definitely get what you pay for. . .and then some! I don't have to write a long review about this gem; it's just incredibly good food priced just right.
4	Lets start by asking why are you reading this, go eat here now. I had the ruben and was asked open or closed. I got the closed, and still had to cut it up. A moster ruben and the ice tea was fresh too.I will be back and try everything.
5	Honestly, I know nothing about Jewish Delis.  Just considering this a diner or deli - this place is real good.  I love going there for their breakfast.  Everything seems homemade and they have huge servings.I have had the corned beef hash and it is the best in Vegas.  I get the everything bagel with breakfast.  It is toasty on the outside and has a nice chewiness with tons of flavor.I have also had the Matzo ball soup.  It is so good - full of that umami essence.The Half-sour pickles are my favorite, I have been looking for a place that has those pickles for years!The place also base a deli counter to buy salads, bagels, pastries - stuff like that.  Do yourself a favor and go here.
5	I've lived in Henderson for seven years & have driven by this nondescript place everyday.What a fool I was.The quality of the food at Weiss is unrivaled -- I've yet to find bettet tasting comfort food in the entire valley. The portions are huge, yes, but I love going home with leftovers. Especially when the price and quality are top-notch.Simply put, Weiss is the type of place that if I've never tried a specific dish, THIS is the place to feel adventurous. I have complete faith that whatever they cook will be paired to specific tastes, so I put my trust in them.I've yet to have a bad meal (maybe 25 total?) since my first foray into Weiss' six months ago. Note: It could be a little cleaner with a bit faster service, but I'm not complaining. I care about good food, and this place has it in spades.
5	Matzo ball chicken soup, cup size, is a belly buster. Yummy plus. Also had a side of white fish with toasted everything bagel. Food is first class as is the service.
5	MY FAVORITE SPOT!Seriously, the best deli I've ever been to. I love the mama n papa feel this place gives off. Like you're home! I've been coming here for about 5 years now and they're still rockin'. Super consistent, friendly and delicious humungous portions! My usual: a small order of matzo ball chicken noodle soup and the famous (to me) Ceily's Stack.The bf's order: half soup half sandwich. He had the Remington. (Tip on the Remington!! If you're not a fan of horseradish, no problem! I ask them if they can substitute it with their Russian dressing and they're always happy to!)I always leave incredibly full and satisfied. Don't question trying this place, just do it!! :)
5	Great food and great service.  Simple as that! The French dip add cheese is my favorite and my girl loves the ruben. Hard to go wrong with whatever you choose.
5	Holy Moly Roly Poly!  This place is great.  The food was delicious, the rye bread is awesome.  My wife and I each got a club sandwich and they were HUGE.  I recommend sharing a plate when you order. We also got some cheesecake that was amazing and some bagels and cream cheese to go that were very good as well.You may have to wait to be seated but it is worth it.
5	Yes, soup for you!    I finally made my way over to Weiss, a bookmark for forevah-evah.  Located in the same shopping plaza as Trader Joe's on the corner of Sunset and Green Valley Parkway, other Yelpers have raved about the food here and they're not wrong.  The matzoh ball chicken noodle soup is delectable and the small order is only $5.95, but it's more than enough to warm the stomach and soul. And, that matzoh is one big ball! I loved it so much that I came back a week later for another dose plus a half pastrami on rye sandwich--a delectable duo.  I've looked at the bakery items both times, but nothing seemed that appealing, so I'll just stick with the restaurant.  Get your tuches over for your fix of some of this comfort food, too: your taste buds will get verklempt.
3	Maybe I didn't order the right things.. Maybe I came at a bad time... I had high expectations of Weiss after seeing so many Yelp elites give 5 stars, however I was disappointed by what I got. The presentation of my sandwich was pretty horrendous and the cleanliness of the floors/tables was a little worrisome. The matzoh ball soup? Good, but not worth all of the exclamation marks!!!!!!! and CAPITALS LETTERS i saw on previous reviews. 3/5, maybe I need to give it another try.
3	This deli is delicious. All the food I've had there has been great, my only thing is the attitude of a certain server. I understand bad days but you need to contain yourself as much as possible! We went in last sunday when they close at 5:30, we were seated by the door, a family came in at 4:40 & he walked up to them & said just so you know we close at 5:30, in a way you could tell he wanted them to leave but they said we eat fast. A lady came in at 5:10 & he walked up to her and said we close at 5:30 and she said ok, then when she sat behind us he told her she had 20 mins, she wanted fries and he said no  , it's too close to closing, our fryer is off. (no I'm sorry, it's too late, or something NICE) The table across from us had an elderly couple and what appeared to be their daughter and grandson. The old man had a very hard time talking and was trying to explain to the server that the meat was too rough for him. With attitude the server picked up the mans plate and said ok, ok, ok. That was it. He dropped the check and didn't even give them the time of day. All this in an hour and fifteen minutes of myself and boyfriend eating. I felt so bad for the customers. I'll be back for the food but I absolutely don't want him for a server.
5	Weiss Restaurant Delicatessen Bakery is a great late night dining option. The sandwiches are made with great quality meat and are a NV staple. Make sure you keep your ticket that you get when you arrive, you need to hand it back when you leave. Also great for take out!
5	Awesome. Husband and I came in for a quick breakfast and ordered the corn beef hash with toast and fruit, and the Best Sandwich. Both meals were great- piping hot, salty but not too salty, crisp and not soggy, etc. Eggs were cooked well. It just seems like they actually care about their food. Oh another plus is that they give you a giant orange juice unlike most places that give you a shot glass. 2 giant meals and a drink for $24. Overall great experience.
3	The food remains exceptional...they sortof  did a spit shine renovated in recent months but the booths are still very uncomfortable. Most recently the  young gentlemmen who mostly served are gone and a rude middle aged unfriendly lady is always there....she never smiles and throws the food at you and since I mostly order the best chicken noodle soup on the planet... it spills over and soaks the crispy bagel chips which pisses me off...PLEASE bring back the nice pleasant service and invest in good booth seats....
