4	Within the past year, Quaker Steak and Lube opened up a new location in Oakland. Back in college, I would have to drive 20 mins out towards the airport to get my Quaker Steak fix. Back in the day....Quaker Steak claims to be the "Best Wings USA" and I do like them a whole lot. I haven't had the "real" Buffalo wings in Buffalo, but I am making it a life goal to take a trip and try them for myself. Until that time comes, Quaker Steak will be my wings place. They have other things on the menu too, but I wouldn't know anything about them.The Oakland location is convenient but it's not my favorite place. What I do like about it is that you can look right into the kitchen from the take out window. As I waited for my order, I watched them fry my wings, pour on the sauce, shake it around in a big plastic bucket, and create a masterpiece in my styrofoam take-out container. yum.
4	This is one of my favorite parts about flying into PIT and driving to see my family.  We'd always pull over and pick up a ginormous bucket o' wings.   I do love me some wings.  And yeah, I'm pretty sure I've had better wings, but there's something to be said for the old gas pump by the drive-thru, the 30 or so different grades of spicy, and the waiver release.I can still smell you.
5	Why on God's green earth isn't there a Quaker Steak and Lube anywhere nearer to Chicago than Portage Indiana?  Any time I get driving east through Ohio and Pennsylvania, I'm itching to go to this place.  They've got really awesome appetizers like the Bavarian pretzels with beer/cheese sauce or the Cajun blue cheese chips, but it's all about the wings.They have incredibly delicious wings with a nice array of sauces.  It's as if Buffalo Wild Wings found slightly tastier sauces, better blue cheese dressing, and wings with more meat on them...only Buffalo Wild Wings doesn't do this, and Buffalo Joe's in Evanston doesn't serve blue cheese sauce, and I'm left dreaming of the day that Illinois welcomes a Quaker to our midst.  I'll keep hoping for it and in the meantime, hopefully, I'll give a bunch of Chicagoans the craving so maybe somehow we can create a market for this place to come here.Oh yeah and for those who are kind of gutsy and not just all about the dining experience - if you try their hottest wing sauce challenge (I forget what it's called but you have to sign a waiver to even eat one), I highly recommend doing so with the aid of a vanilla milkshake.  Your mouth will still be numb for a half hour.
4	I started off my visit to Quaker Steak with the Atomic Wing Challenge, which is just eating six of their atomic wings.  Six wings obviously isn't much, but the atomic wings are quite spicy and they require that you sign a liability waiver before eating them (this is more for show than anything).  Yes, they're pretty damn hot, but they're bearable as long as you have a good tolerance for spicy food.  If you're comfortable eating foods with habaneros in them, then you'll have no problem with the atomic wings.  Here's a pro-tip though: if you're getting the atomic wings, ask them for a pair of food-handling gloves.  This way you can avoid getting wing sauce all over your hands, allowing you to actually touch your eyes or use the restroom later that day without torturing yourself.Anyway, after I finished that off, I went back and got some more wings - Louisiana Lickers, Arizona Ranch, and Golden Garlic.  I was impressed with the flavors, as everything was quite good.  The wings were nice and meaty too, which is good because a lot of wing places manage to hunt down wings with almost no meat on them, which kind of defeats the purpose of eating them in the first place.My one complaint is that I think the wings are a bit overpriced.  A half dozen wings is $5, and 83 cents per wing seems rather high to me.  Still though, these wings are much better than most, so it's probably worth it.
4	Yes ,another chain,but I gotta admit,these are some of the best wings you will ever have,hands down.One of the few chains I will visit in any part of the US.Cold beer,funky decor and mill hunkies,old and young commiserating the state of world affairs in PA.If you dig wings,ya gotta go here at least once.
4	I wish I hadn't eaten brunch before coming to do the challenge.  I wanted to try some of the other wings because they looked and smelled delicious.  So I did the challenge: I was shvitzing a little by 2, sniffling a little by 4 and started tearing up a little by 5.  I didn't cry or freak out or anything but my lips just got a little swollen.  SO...I say give it a try, it was fun.  The people at this location were really sweet and it was an all around good time.  Enjoy!
2	ok. so, i went to pittsburgh recently on a vacation. saw this place on man vs food. the place is super cool with cars, motorcyles, signs, and sports memorabilia hanging up on the inside of the restaurant. this is a bar and restaurant. however, their food and prices are lacking. they are known for their atomic hot wing challenge. have to eat 6 wings 40 times hotter then a jalepeno. my boyfriend did it and had no problem. he was sweating alot, but got them down quickly. definitely a burning feeling coming up your throat afterwards.  me, i had the next hottest in line, the supercharged. these are 10 times hotter then the jalepeno. ok, i thought these were wussy. the wings are big, but i thought they were lacking flavor. there wasn't enough sauce on them and i ate them with no problem. i had to order extra super charged sauce just to beable to cover them properly. we went here 3 times. two of the times, our wings were cold, old, and lacking flavor. they were so dry, the meat was dried onto the bone and you could tell they just poured some sauce on them to make them look like they were fresh.  they were so bad, we had to complain and get a new order. the new order wasn't much better. the regular hot wings we ordered the first night were better then the other two nights only because they were fresh and big. however, these were not hot at all. i would call them mild at best. maybe i'm used to all the cheap wing deals in phoenix, but these prices were definitely high for wings, almost double what i pay in phoenix. wings are not part of any of their happy hour. i would go here for atmosphere and drinking only. maybe the rest of the menu is ok.  but for me, when you are known thruout the country for your wings, don't serve old, dried out, not enough sauce wings. and don't promote your different sauce levels as supercharged or hot or the many other flavors on the menu as dying hot. they were very weak. atomic was the only one that was hot. you are paying for the name at this place. not the food.
4	I've gotta say, growing up in Buffalo, I never thought I'd say that a *chain* would do chicken wings right. But these guys come mighty close. They're not an authentic Buffalo wing, but they're clearly not attempting an authentic wing. What they are attempting is simply a damn good wing. And they seem to pull it off (in the few flavors I tried).My only real gripe is that the place (at least the Forbes location) really felt like a chain - in the sense that it was too big, too empty, and not really a pleasant place to eat. There are some chains that somehow still pull off a comfortable, cozy place to eat - but unfortunately, this wasn't one of them. (I suspect they gave up that coziness to make way for a sheer number of tables - but when I was there, 80% of those tables were unused.) A shame, because the wings are good. That said, they're worth grabbing to go or eating quickly.
3	Tacky as all hell.Salad surprisingly good.I'm a biker chick.
4	This is the first Quaker Steak and Lube I've been to, and apparently it's an 'express' version, which is nice because I ended up walking out of another location because I didn't want to be waited on and pay tip, etc. This is nice, quick chicken wings with a plethora of sauces to choose from. Value is similar to Wing Street, but with more choices, and better value than Wing Stop. If you like spicy food, you'll find that none of their sauces are very spicy except Atomic (I think, I have yet to try it).
5	being a huge fan of spicy food and chicken wings  i figured when i came out here i knew i had to try the  Atomic Wing Challenge (i saw this place on man vs food too) , which is just eating six of their atomic wings.  And wow i barley made it to the last wing. It was so hot i couldnt think straight. ::Warning:: DO NOT WIPE YOUR HANDS AROUND OR NEAR YOUR FACE WHILE EATING THESE WINGS!!  It can be bad and burn your eyes.  And have some dairy next to you like a big glass of milk or something.  overall a fun experiance.i was proud to represent california and orange county. I am glad to be on the wall of flame and i got my sticker.  Would i try this challenge again???  ehhh tuff to say right now
5	The best wings in Pittsburgh! As a part of Pittsburgh as Primanti Brothers. This location is in the heart of Oakland near PITT and is considered an express location meaning that it doesn't have everything the bigger locations have. They have tons of different sauces from mild to so hot that you have to sign a waiver for. Some of my favorite ones are Louisiana Lickers ( a hot, cajun, garlic and barbecue mix) and Arizona Ranch. (a hot and spicy ranch) My only complaint is that the wings are really, really small. The wings are so get and then you're pissed that they are all gone! The loaded magna fries are great too. Fries covered with beer cheese dip, bacon, scallions and ranch. They are epic! My daughter and wife loved the onion rings. They also offer cheessteaks, gyros, soups, salads and kids meals.
4	Great wings, would defnitely go back if i find myself in Pittsburgh again.  I got two flavors of their many sauces, Arizona Ranch and Triple AtomicArizona Ranch were cooked perfect, had tons of sauce all over each wing, lots of flavor, sufficient amount of meat on each wing, really  couldn't have asked for more.Triple Atomic was one of those where they have you sign some dumb form to make the wings seem hot and build the hype.  well, they were hot, super freaking hot.  when i finished these i was nearly crying, definite tears running down and taking deep breaths felt like flames on my lips.  wouldn't get these wings again but i'm glad i tried the hottest they had to offer
2	I was so excited to go to this place.  We had a holiday in Pitt and I looked up great places to go, this was one of them.  I was looking forward to doing the wing challenge and getting a nice beer.Nope not here.  No alcohol.  The place felt like a cafeteria.  I was so disappointed.  The wings were ok, nothing to write home about.  I hope other locations are better.  This place really turned me off.
5	The wing deliciousness is worth the mess. Wings are always cooked perfectly, and the sauce selection is super. My personal favorite is Arizona Ranch, but Hot is good too. I split 5 Atomic wings with a friend once, and only made it through 2, which required 3 cups of soda. You only need one Atomic wing experience per lifetime.There is nothing fancy about Quaker Steak. And there is no steak. Go with a group and split a couple team buckets to get a sampling of flavors. You'll get nice warm hand wipes at the end of your meal, and sometimes even some twizzlers, if the staff isn't too busy.Only downside: Be careful around football season... They literally run out of wings during major games.
2	I only give this place two stars not so much for the food but for the experience. I went here when I was visiting my bro at school.  He had loved it (especially the wings). But for some reason, it took about 45 minutes for our food to come out on a Saturday afternoon. The place was not packed. We ordered burgers. So the wait was a bit ridiculous. On top of that, they brought out my salad without the dressing I ordered. It was just a hot mess. I'll give them this though: the wings were yummy.
4	I wish they would open up near Philadelphia. This is the only semi fast food restaurant I have enjoyed in years. Great atmosphere. Fun decor that reminds you of a old time gas station. The food came in a cute cardboard racing car .  The wings are very good. Lots of condiments to chose from .Atomic to mild. Some locations have fried pickles.Yum ! Prices are reasonable and staff was pleasant.
4	I came in here and rocked the atomic wing challenge a while back. The wing flavors are not that great, i've easily had way better wing sauces, but it's worth the thrill of going in to watch one of your friends or yourself suffer throught those HOT as HELL wings...my face hurt for atleast an hour afterwards...
3	Their wings are not bad on the heat , but sometime light on flavor.  The prices are pretty decent and the serving stuff was very nice.  My favorite part about the place is all of the fun stuff cluttering the walls.
3	Wings tasted ok, except I wish they were spicier. There's no beers/alcohol, and no happy hour or specials. They would close 30 minutes earlier than they were supposed to. Was trying to find a good wing place like Buffalo Wild Wings in Los Angeles, but this one was alright for our fix.
3	Welp, I did it.  Six Triple Atomic Wings.  They make you sign a waiver (purely for show, it seems like,) and give you a bumper sticker and a window decal, and provide a little glove to wear for the experience.  I was glad for the glove.This particular location is nice (or was nice for me that night) because of the cafeteria-style setup.  You order at one counter, pick up at another.  I was glad to see this because I was going out for the spiciness, and really wasn't too interested in table service, tipping, etc.  The triple atomic wings are spicy, to be sure, but I've had worse.  Still, I wouldn't recommend them unless you really love spicy foods... They will punish you, both in the mouth, and on every stage of their journey through your body.  Over 12 hours later, I'm still getting random adrenaline rushes from my body absorbing more and more of the capsaicin from them.As far as the place itself, upsides are the food's not terribly expensive, but it could be cheaper.  From what I ate (Triple Atomic Wings and fries) I think the food's all right.  Not fantastic, but I'd eat there again for sure.The staff was a little too informal for standard American customer service, but I liked that.  And the service was quick.  They were also handling a HUGE customer load right at closing time (a basketball team from out of state,) and I did not hear a single complaint, so I give them credit for that.
4	I love chicken wings and since seeing them on Man vs. Food, I've made it a point to stop in at Quaker Steak and Lube whenever I'm in a city that has one.Not the best wings I've ever had, but definitely above average. Quaker Steak's 20 sauce choices give them the biggest variety of any chicken wing place I've ever been to, and many of them are really good. The Buckeye bbq is my favorite. It has a good sweet bbq flavor to it, but also packs a spicy punch. The menu features some pretty unique sauce options such as Arizona Ranch, Pineapple Rum, Louisiana Lickers, Tequila Lime BBQ, and Dusted Chipotle BBQ.The restaurant has a unique decor, with a race car hanging from the ceiling, gas pumps as handles for the doors, and an overall gas station/garage theme. Good sports bar vibe if you're into that sort of thing.
4	My lunch companions were a little underwhelmed with their wings with hot and special garlic sauces, but the Louisiana Lickers sauce on mine were a standout. Certainly have not sampled much of the menu, but that sauce would be hard to beat.
3	My husband saw this place on Man v. Food and had to try the atomic wing challenge.  He won, because those wings are NOT very spicy.  Which was interesting since they make you sign a waiver and all.  I got the "Supercharged" wings and they lacked in flavor and sauce.  My cousin got one of the garlic ones which I didn't try but everyone said those were really good.  The onion rings were nothing extraordinary but they were good.  I wouldn't really come back here again, I can get these wings anywhere.
5	Where do I get started? This place has some of the best wings I have ever tried in my life. They have two challenges, an atomic, and a super atomic challenge. If you defeat one of these, you get a t shirt and your name gets up on the wall. These wingers are super spicy. However, you get milder wings that are packed with flavor and spice. They are amazing! I highly recommend this place.
4	I am a sucker for wings, and am self admittedly biased to restaurants specializing in them.  I had been itching to try this place out since seeing it on the food channel.  I tried quite a few different kinds.  I'll have to say that my favorites were the mild and  medium.  They were large, meaty and buttery.  I liked the fried pickles, but could do without the magma fries.
3	Billions of flavor either spicy or mild... if you're not here for wings.. you're in the wrong place.Actually sat at the same seat Adam (from MvF) sat, and did the spicy wing challenge... well dared a friend to do it....(Man won!)Ordered well over 300 wings ... loving the garlic flavored wings and original buffalo.. can't go wrong w/ the original spiced up wings.typical wing joint with pizasssI'm a fan!
3	Pretty nice. Though this Quaker Steak didn't have waiters...very different atmosphere than most!
4	I was going to write a review for the West Mifflin location, but I'm a city gal. First and foremost, ATOMIC WINGS. You can't find wings hotter than this. I remember one of my first experiences eating here, I went for the hottest possible sauce and suffered through them, enjoying every minute of it. Sure, I was delirious afterwards, and you might be thinking, of course, a girl wouldn't be able to handle the potency... I had a guy friend of mine try the challenge as well, and I can tell you, it's no picnic for anyone. Which is AWESOME! Hands down, this is my favorite wing place of all time. The Arizona Ranch is another nice flavor, a little spicy, but not too mild either. The wings, from what I remember, have a good bit of meat to them as well. The oakland location is a bit too "in and out" for my style, but if you're craving wings, beer, and a place to kick back with friends and watch the game, it's an O.K. atmosphere, especially for the college students.
3	I haven't tried anything at Quaker Steak besides the wings, so the review is narrow minded in scope. The wings that I've had here are as good as any other wings that I have had, but the appeal of the restaurant is obviously the hot wings. The spiciest wings that I have had so far have been the Supercharged wings. They brought me to tears. I intend on trying the spiciest wings that Quaker Steak offers in the future. In additon to hot wings, I also like to get an order of a few more tasteful wings to counter the spicy ones. The BBQ and the garlic based wing sauces are also good.
2	Good if you have a wing craving although the wings could be meatier. Extensive sauce choices but limited menu otherwise. Long waits between ordering and tray pick-up at the name calling window.Overall, the wings should be better for a wing-focused joint.
4	i had never been to a quaker steak and lube before. i had seen other people eat it, i had heard what they served and how the food was, but i finally got to see for myself.so upon entering the establishment, i looked up at the menu and saw plenty of tasty choices. i walked to the counter and discovered that my cashier's name was shaggy. (thought to myself, ok this is going to be a good visit for sure.) i ordered the mac and cheese and 6 louisiana licker boneless wings. i waited somewhere between 5 and 10 minutes for my food then picked it up at the window. the wings were quite tasty... not too bland, not too spicy. the mac and cheese was good too.
3	I expected more from you QSL...but you have failed me *sad face*I think I now  know why you are and "Express" location...because everything is fast paced and not everything is available at a typical restaurant.  I really wish you would just add the fried pickles to your small list, it doesn't take up too much room.Why am I sitting here with the saddest face in all of Pittsburgh?  Because I paid $1 more for my Chicken Fenders & Magna and all I got in return was one crummy piece of bacon on my heap of fries...humph.  Well, honestly, that's not the only reason, you gave me ranch, yes ranch, instead of BBQ sauce for those fenders of chicken.  No beer cheese, no BBQ sauce, my Styrofoam case basically melted around my food.  Hmmm, I think that means I need to stick to your full service location for my QSL needs.
3	I grew up going to the original Lube located in Sharon, PA. When I found out there was a chain down the street from the hotel I was staying at in Pittsburgh I was very excited. It didn't disappoint but it also did not live up to the pedestal I had always put the Lube on. The staff was fairly rude but at least the service was quick - typical of college town restaurants. The wings were good but again, not as good as the original.
3	I always choose the boneless wings with  Lousiana Tequila sauce (or something like that) and I am always satisfied (with the wings!)buttttttttttt-  sometimes you do end up with not-so-hot fries that seem like they've been sitting there for awhile. if they can make sure customers paying almost $10/meal can have hot food, this may end up a 4star review. come on guys, you're busy enough to keep the fries hot & fresh! =\
2	I know it is lunch time and I know it is in Oakland, but they only had one person in the kitchen. One person! Our food took 45 minutes to come for a chicken wrap. Not very impressive at all.  The upside, the staff was apologetic and very friendly. I would go back to try it maybe not during the lunch rush, or if they had more people cooking in the back. 45 minutes is too long to wait!
1	Just plain nasty.  What a disgrace I did not enjoy Quaker Steak.  You really really have to get on bad side for me to not like your wings.  I ordered the wing and fried shrimp combo with fries.  My fries were cold and get this smashed.  Like the cook had crushed them in his hands before stuffing them into my Styrofoam take away container. I had also gotten a side of cocktail sauce with my food that was handled so slobbily that there was cocktail sauce all of the top of my take away container and all over the outside of my to go bag.  I should have known something was wrong when I went in at 12:30pm and he place was empty.
1	I think I'm over QSL.  That about sums it up.  This location is a disgrace to the chain.My most recent experience, which was just one hour ago, left me at a loss for words.  Working in Oakland and having a limited amount of places that deliver, QSL is usually a decent enough place to order from.  Or at least I thought that, not so much anymore.  After reading their menu I decided I would try something new that I haven't had before.  I opted for the Chicken and Mac N Cheese.  With this you get to choose the lube sauce you want.  I opted for the Golden Garlic sauce and thought that would be mighty tasted when cut up and mixed with the cheese.  Well, it may have, but they messed up the order.  What I got was their Mild sauce, or at least I'm guessing that.  On the receipt it says 'Buffalo Chicken.'  As for the 'generous portion,'  maybe if you are a child.  I am an adult, and a generous portion or your pre-prepared Mac N Cheese should not be less of that that you get in a microwavable one from Kraft.  The garlic bread that comes with it might as well have been called wet cardboard.  Toast implies that it'll have a crispy crunch to it, not that you could probably throw it and it'll stick to the wall.As for your receipts, do NOT insult me by highlighting the bottom about how much tip  you want.  I tip, and I tip well, but do not insult me by telling me that you are more expecting than suggesting what I give you extra.I do not like giving out one star reviews, but with being insulted this much by this location, there is deserving in it.
3	The food was alright but noting compared or other similar places I have eaten at.  The service was terrible and you have to order in line and wait on your food.  It was pricey for the quality of food.  Just a weird place overall.  Don't expect this place to be like their other chains.  I would do some research and look for another place to eat.
4	Not a table service location,  so you order from counter and you pick it up at a window.  The food was hot and fresh. Wings great with hot fresh fries.Street parking only. Spots metered. It was dead but Pitt is out for summer.  I would go back. Not cars or hot rods indoors like the other. More of a quick stop but same food as the other locations.
2	It's $5 lunch week in Oakland and my colleagues and I all admitted we've never had lunch at Quaker Steak and Lube.  And now we'll likely never have lunch here again.They did have some nice selections for a $5 lunch.  I chose the boneless wings that came with fries and cole slaw.  You got to pick from a number of wing sauce (ranging from spicy to sweet to mild).  I waited about 10 minutes for my lunch as did two of my lunching coworkers.  However, the fourth of our group waited nearly a half hour for her burger and fries.  Now come on - a half hour wait is pretty severe.  Myself and one of the others at my table both agreed that the coating on the chicken was pretty thick.  The fries were ok - not great, but definitely not bad.  Now we're all tired after our 'poor choice lunch'.
3	I got the medium hot wings, I wasn't too pleased with their flavor selection for wings but I may add I am a picky person. My boyfriend who Id like to say will eat anything isn't a picky eater and he thought the selection was about a C+. They do let you taste test a sauce if you'd like before ordering. My wings were good ( I was hoping you can't mess up a regular hot wing). They weren't super dry either, but may I add two of my wings WERE NOT COOKED THOROUGHLY! raw chicken can lead to some serious illness man! I didn't discover this until i got home and didn't even call to inform them I just threw them away(the raw ones). The restaurant wasn't super dirty they just don't have staff cleaning up those tables as you should! Nobody wants to eat on a table covered in sauce and water marks from the previous person who sat there! Other than almost getting salmonella poisoning and having to clean my own table it was okay! hope this helps you :)
3	I've eaten here twice and the experiences were not consistent. The first time I ordered Arizona ranch wings and Louisiana lickers with a side of magna fries. Everything was excellent. Good sized wings and really good flavors all cooked well. The second experience was not so good... I ordered Arizona ranch and onion rings. I took them to go and went back to the hotel and when I bit into the wings they were still pink on the middle and dripping pink juices. The onion rings were undercooked as well. I take undercooked chicken very seriously. I'll add that they weren't even busy for my second visit. I'm not sure if I'll give the location another chance but be careful when you bite into your wings.
2	I don't get the appeal.Maybe I'm just cranky because I wasn't hot on going here in the first place, but it was 10:00pm, fiance got off work late, and we both hadn't eaten today. I was feeling hangry (not a typo) so we stopped here because it seemed to be one of the only places that was open that wasn't mcdonalds, at least in the two blocks we walked.They really only seemed to have wings. Fine, whatever. I ordered a salad with the grilled chicken on it but the grill was apparently closed. Ok. So I switched it to the salad with the breaded chicken. FI got boneless "wings." It was $20 for that and two drinks. We sat down on some plastic seats and were eventually called up after waiting way too long for boneless wings and a salad. We were served on an old lunch tray in styrofoam containers. I'm not one to judge a book by it's cover, but things weren't looking promising.The salad was boring. Iceberg lettuce, shredded cheddar cheese, a slice of onion, and a little tomato. My FI's wings didn't even have sauce. I guess they just breaded it into the wing, which is a huge buffalo wing faux pas as far as I'm concerned.At least my hunger headache was gone?
2	This place is alright ... has your typical college student fare including wings, fries, sandwiches, steak sandwiches, and whatnot. Nothing that particularly stands out to me on the menu, but if you're looking for spicy, one should go for the Triple Atomic Wing Challenge, where you eat 6 of their most spicy wings to get your name plastered on the wall and a free T-shirt. Whether it's worth it or not is quite subjective indeed. There are places nearby that are better for this kind of food though.
4	I decided to give them another try and the food was much better this time. I ordered the wings extra crispy and they turned out perfect. The magna fries are also just a great little side to kill that diet you've been working on, but definitely worth it.
4	Wings are great and has lots of different flavors available. I really don't understand why people are giving this place 2 or even 1 stars. It's definitely not a sub-par restaurant. Even if you are a picky eater, the wings are quite good though a bit pricey. Maybe it's the flavor you chose as I did not try the 30+ flavors that they have.
3	Not a wings expert, so I thought they tasted great. I got overwhelmed with so many sauce options. Ambience very unappealing, though. It didn't look clean, attendants were not very helpful. I'll do take out next time.
1	Normally I don't mind Quaker Steak and Lube at other locations.  It is definitely not my favorite place to go but I can tolerate it. However, the Quaker Steak and Lube Express in Oakland is absolutely horrible.  I ordered my food online for pick up.  I arrived at about 5 mins after my pick up time.  My food was not ready yet so I had to wait another 5 mins.  As I was trying to pay, the employees all seemed to not know what they were doing and must have been new.  They were completely confused when I tried to pay with my Panther Funds and took another 5 mins to figure out how to work the machine. Finally when I got home to eat my wings (I ordered 10 wings with Cajun sauce) the wings were nasty.  All of the sauce was sitting on the bottom with almost no sauce actually on the wings.  I had to dip the wings in the sauce to actually taste anything.  The Cajun sauce was supposed to be one of the most spicy sauces on the menu.  The sauce was not spicy in any way at all.  It actually barely had any taste even after drenching the wings in the pool of sauce at the bottom.  The workers forgot to put the celery in my bag so that was also a big let down.  The only good thing was that there actually was a decent amount of meat on the wings and they give you Twizzlers.  Other than that it was terrible.
1	Yuk yuk. Cold wings. From outside you can look in the windows and see wings already fried just sitting in a bin waiting for suckers to buy them. They don't even toss them in sauce.... Just s poor ass job of drizzling. Stay away. Oh and the music playing wY too loud sucks beyond belief.
4	Love their wings and this is my favorite location. Always fast and the wings are amazing!
