1	I could no longer resist this goofy, red and white striped, old-fashioned sandwich shop. When the craving for a good sandwich kicked in, I decided to give it a shot.As soon as you enter, you are assaulted visually with orange-red (well, I think that's what they are, underneath) walls, jam-packed with old signs, toys, and bumper stickers. Mind you, this is in a very small space. The tables are the old school laminate booths, decorated with some very 80's photos of teens. Lots of big hair!Trying to be somewhat calorie conscious, we ordered two "mini" 5" subs and some drinks. Each also came with a rather sweet potato salad or something similar. My chicken sub was pretty dry and boring, and served on an equally dry and flavorless white roll. The only flavor it had was the occasional pocket of black pepper.All in all, the food got a big *meh*. The decor was cool, but not worth eating the food. Oh, and if you decide to go, bring cash, rather than deal with their bizarre ATM system.
3	Work is close to CB's.. Ive driven by this place for yours and have never stopped by. Okay this place is old school seriously! It's like you have walked into some time space vacuum where neither exist. Kitschy, tacky, creepy all describe this place well. What they do have are killer sourdough rolls that are chewy and bagel like stacked with plenty of meat too! This place is an awesome cheap eats lunch if Ive ever had one! I recommend the 17" Italian Combo so fresh tasting. you'll love it here.. show up early as the lines can get long!
4	I love this place -- been going here for more than 15 years. The kitschy decor and sense that you've time-warped back to 1983 only add to the appeal. It's a sandwich shop, for heaven's sake, not a gourmet restaurant. Anyway, if your company sucks, at least you can laugh at the bumper stickers and goofy photos of circa-1980s teens.
5	Captain Bills.. aka "sub shop" to some.  (disclaimer- I grew up right down the street, and therefore am somewhat biased)I love this place.  I know any food/sandwich snobby will likely berate this place.  To the uninitiated, warning sirens might be blaring in the back of your head from the moment you pull in to the parking lot.  From the sketchy run down strip malls, to the punk teenage kids smoking and joking on the patio, to the tasteless yet absolutely hilarious bumper stickers covering nearly every inch of the interior.  Manning the register will always be some pretty teenage girl with too tight shirt and impossibly short shorts, as the long time owner (Bill?) seems to have a not-well-hidden, creepy old perverted man vibe to him.  Now that I think about it, in the nearly 25 yrs that I have been going to this place, I dont think I have ever seen a male employee.Now to the food.  This is not a gourmet sandwich shop.  However the sandwiches are pretty good.  And as for value??  Seriously I dont think you can beat it.  As recently as 10 years ago you could get the Mini sub combo for 99cents which consisted of a 5 inch sub and a small drink, or you could pay $1.99 and double up to the 10 inch sub and medium drink.  Due to inflation, this may cost a whopping $2.60 now.Regarding the sub, its pretty good.  The bread is fresh and chewy, with shredded lettuce, tomatoes,onions and standard sub meat, but the key component is this italian dressing that is amazing.  Its secret ingredient must be crack because this stuff is addictive. Douse my sub in it and im happy.  Spill it on to my shoe and I would probably try to eat that as well.  And the drinks are made with the excellent crushed ice chips that i love.  This stuff is almost snow cone grade ice.  Yum Yum.As for the rest of the menu?  Yes there is more, but why bother.  I've never had a need or desire to order anything other than the Double mini combo.  So if you live or work in the neighborhood, I recommend stopping by and getting the best lunch you will ever find for less than $3.00.
5	Ahh Captain Bill's Sub Factory.  If you rep the metrocenter area as I have since my birth in 73 then you no doubt have eaten at Captain Bill's.  I've been eating subs there for nearly 25 years.  This place is a true phoenix landmark.Simply put, I love this place.  I love everything about it.  Where else can you roll in with 3 bucks and roll out full?I used to ride my skateboard up there in the mid eighties and take the trash out for the many hot chicks both from cortez and moon valley that worked there at the time and they would feed me free subs.  Then I would play 720 until they kicked me out.Nothing beats a Captain Bills Italian sub.  Nothing.I continued to go there over the years, I got married, I had kids and I took them there.As I sat there this afternoon with my 16 year old son feeling sentimental as the faces of those I knew so long ago stared back up at me from the tables.  I vowed to never eat a sub anywhere ever again but at good ole Captain Bill's.As we left my son commented that the chicks were hot.  "They always were" I said, "they always were."Thanks Bill.
3	I love the environment. You can sit in here for an hour and look at stuff on the walls. oh yeah. Did I mention the food is good too. . . I have to address the staff issue. He hires nothing but high school or young college tooth picks who don't have a lot of customer service skills. But like I said just like all the memorabilia and photos on the walls and tables it's fun to look at.
4	I think I have found the secret power source that  fuels the awesomeness that is Captain Bill's.  Firstly this place has more bumper stickers  than a VW microbus convention, secondly  the paint scheme could be a landing light for the White Stripes  but I digress  let's get back to the power.  On the SF2 game a sticker proclaims.  "your honor student  never gets laid"To the left of the register. "My kid has sex with your honor student." This sets up a reality inversion  field which  prevents much electronic equipment from working that's why they don't take credit cards (duh!)   but also seems to power the time bubble back to a prior decade. I'm really impressed and annoyed that I hadn't tried them out prior. The two staff on today were  described , e.g not lacking in the pulchritude department,from the other  reviews  but I didn't notice a lack of CS service, nor would I expect it based on looks so wanted to kick that one out the door.   We had a cup just collapse and  a refill / mop appeared  within seconds.     Oh the food, yeah  the food is not likely to be the best sandwich you have ever tasted but  you may forget that while eating it.   Smacks the chains  silly ( all  I ask really) and offers well priced sodas,   ice chips rather than cubes and fresh main ingredients. As unpretentious as the bumper stickers  that adorn the walls. A statement of single intent.  Feed me , fresh, cheap now:)
4	this is a small place offering quality subs at cheap prices. they pile on the ingredients. they have a sub and drink special for around $2.00! cool place with lots of goofy, off the wall, memorabilia. a neat place to sit and eat your food. it's not a chain like subway. definitely a place you can take a group and eat on the cheap side.
4	This place is definitely a classic. I only wish I had gone there more growing up in the area.  If I wanted to, I could catch up now though, because nothing has changed about this place!  Cheap, tasty grub.  Three video games at the front.  Bumper stickers and photos all over the place, and of course, the young high school (or recent graduate) girls working there.  I think the only difference from the ol' days is that they have some sort of ATM type system.I tried something new this time, going with the BBQ Brisket sandwich with cheese.  While the cheese wasn't quite melted all the way, I definitely enjoyed the sandwich.  The beef was flavorful and the bread seemed quite fresh.  I washed it down with a classic, the Cap'n Cooler.  I also liked that the food was brought to the table, that was a nice touch.  If only they could make the parking lot a little more efficient...  Four stars for the good grub and solid value.
3	I have been to CB about 50 times throughout my life. I was never a real big fan of subs because I do not see the value. Well at CB you get the value. They are a no frills sub shop. The 5 inch sub is not enough for most people but will do good for smaller kids. I took the kids here to grab a quick bit before a holiday concert. I had the french dip, it is about 2 oz of meat and a slice of cheese on toasted roll. The meat was cheap the cheese was sparse and the bun was great. They serve this with a little au jus. Kid a: had a club and she picked the bacon and the meat off and ate the bread. Kid b: had a Italian and used some of my au jus.... They both asked to get something to eat after the concert as they were still hungry. The walls are filled with tons of interesting things to read or view, the service is as expected. Young girls chatting it up and laughing at nothing, talking about boyfriends etc. (They did put out a mini fire in the toaster... that was amusing.)
4	As many previous Yelp reviews state, Captain Bill's is a great place to grab a sub on the cheap.Vegetarians can opt for "The Veggie", which should probably be renamed "The Cheesie". It comes packed with 3 types of cheese, a variety of veggies (including avocado) and is best topped with their delish Italian dressing.The inside of this eatery is plastered with stickers, photos, and other decor. Most of the stickers and signs are comedic in nature, so look around a read while you're there, you're sure to get a chuckle at some of their stuff.Good subs cheap. Fun atmosphere. I dig it.
4	I'm actually taking off 1 star for all the anti-Obama stickers they had by the register. Sadly I do realize we have to put up with the uneducated from time to time but that was a bit much. Ok, on to the food. This was the first time I have been to Capt Bills and did not have any idea of what to expect. I did check out the reviews on Yelp and they looked pretty good. I have driving by this place for years  and never stopped in so I figured why not.    When I first walked in I liked the look of the place. Lots of wood and it felt like an old school joint. I walked up to order and was greeted by a rather attractive young lady and thats always a good way to start things. I ordered the 10 inch Italian and 2 10 inch pastrami subs. Price was not to bad overall. The Italian sub is dirt damn cheap for what you get. I did order to go so I picked it up and went on home to try out this new (to me) place.    I took a bite of the Italian first and was amazed at how good it was. Lots of flavor with a nice fresh taste. Excellent bread with good cheese. This is a winner in my book. I will be back for the Italian.     I then reached over and took a bite of the pastrami and again was shocked at how good it was. This is not the type of pastrami you find at places like Chompies but a bit more like lunch meat. It was however very good with no gristle at all. Great flavor and very good cheese. Another winner for me. I am now starting to think about trying more and more of what Capt Bills has to offer.     All in all Capt Bills gets high marks for the food but a big negative for the political B.S. on the walls. I will be back for the food but I will never start a chat about politics in this place.
3	While on the hunt for something for the family to quickly eat at a nearby Basketball Tournament , we decide to give ole Bill a try.  Love the  kitschy vibe of this place.Tons of  funny- to obnoxious stickers and signs plaster the place.   For a minute I thought it was Two Hippies Sub shoppe.  But this little hole in the wall does a soild business slinging out the standard american sub.  While nothing to flavorful was ordered by my Troupe, I am willing to go back and find the hidden gems that must be in  this dive.   Word to the Wise bring cash or be prepared to pay a dollar fee for a debit /credit card... really?
3	Tried the New York Beef, it was thin sliced roast beef dipped in aus ju and had peppers and onions. It was ok, nothing special. The bread was really good.
5	Yum Yum! Great little joint just north of Peoria on 35th Ave. Great bumper stickers and signs everywhere and cute girls making sandwiches..;-)
5	I love this place!  I have been eating here for (holy cow) 20 years.  There used to be 2 other locations but this is the only one left.  Just a normal sub shop but the people are friendly and the menu is cheap.  Took the whole family, wife and 2 kids, here for lunch and it was only like 15 bucks.  Can't beat that in this economy.  The inside is covered in bumperstickers and the tables have 1980's high school pictures lacquered into the table so it keeps the kids entertained.
2	Updating for the vegan perspective: I asked the staff & owner if their bread contained any animal products. He had no idea, but he did try to call his bread supplier (Capistrano's bakery) to find out for me. Unfortunately, they couldn't tell him at the time, so I asked him for the phone number (480-968-0468).I followed up with a phone call to the bakery another day and they informed me that they use whey (an animal protein) in all of their wheat & white breads. Their sourdough bread has no animal ingredients, so vegans eating a sandwich here should opt for the sourdough bread.Recommendation to Capt-N Bill: Add a vegan sub option to your menu.
4	Great subs at low prices... eat here!
5	I worked at Macy's at metro for a long time and a couple of friends and I decided try this place randomly one day not knowing anything about this place. Loved the quirkiness of the red and white striped roof. Was surprised by the inside which I swear everytime I go there's new bumper stickers I haven't seen yet. So without even eating yet I thought to myself I like this place. Then the food came out and I have to say its sooo much better then subway or any other sandwich shop ive ever eat at. Loved the food and loved that the drinks have crushed ice! Awesome quirky place.
4	This place has been here forever. I always like going here cause the collection of miscellaneous stuff he has inside hanging on the walls and celling are always great to look at. My favorite is the Ronald McDonald hanging from the celling by a noose. lol you just have to go here to see it cause every time you go you will see something new that you did not see the last time. On to the food, they have a good cheap sandwich here. They have many sandwiches on the menu and they good prices. I think they are one of the cheapest places in town for sandwiches. They have a special for a 7in ham and cheese with a small soda for $3. This place gets very busy at lunch and seating is limited. Fun place to go and it doesn't hurt the wallet.
3	We went to Captain Bill's Submarine for lunch last week after a recommendation for one of Phoenix's finest, law enforcement officers.  This place is truly unique and a one of kind and I look forward to my next visit.The owner of this place has a sense of humor, which is displayed through all of the bumper stickers everywhere, things hanging from the ceiling and on their old booths from the seventies with pics of their customers and friends everywhere.  It is an "eye-spy" fun place to have lunch!This place is REALLY CHEAP and the food is A~OK.  I had a hot pastrami sub.  The pastrami was OK, not bad but OK.  The bread was a little crispy on the outside and fresh'n chewy on the inside.  The portion of hot pastrami was very good and it had shaved lettuce, tomato, and onion on it as well. I opted for the smaller, 8 inch sub with chips and a drink all for less than $7!!  WOW! The service is quick and friendly.They have all kinds of sub's both hot and cold to choose from at 5", 8" and 10 inches. They offer soups and salads and have loads of people calling in orders for take out.  They also have an Italian sub that is 10", 14" or 17"...  Maybe next time, Captain Bill!!
2	I had never visited this place before and was simply stunned by the beer joint bathroom decor. As another reviewer so aptly put it, "To the uninitiated, warning sirens might be blaring in the back of your head from the moment you pull in to the parking lot, (with) the tasteless yet absolutely hilarious bumper stickers covering nearly every inch of the interior." I went there on a friend's recommendation. What I don't get is why ANYONE would bring someone under 17 into this sub shop---ever. And yet  when I was there, there were plenty of kids. The bumper stickers are beyond tasteless---they're downright offensive! Here are some examples: "Vaginatarian." "Flies spread disease. Keep yours zipped." "My kid had sex with your honor student." Call me a prude, but...seriously??  My jaw was on the floor the entire time I was waiting for my take-out order. I'm so glad I didn't happen to bring my 8th grader with me. The teenage girl who took my order was sporting more cleavage than a Hooter's server. The place looks dirty, too.But all that said, I have to admit the vegetarian sandwich I had was pretty darn tasty. My family enjoyed their sandwiches, too. So, all in all, if you're not easily offended like I am and you want really inexpensive but tasty subs available in a nice variety of sizes, you might want to take a chance on this place.
5	This place has been around forever.  So long in fact that I still recognize some of the 80's and 90's faces in the photos that make up the tabletops.  Of course, the owner always stocks the counter with fresh faces from the surrounding high schools.  Food is good, beats the pants off of Subway.  Bread is made fresh, and veggies are always fresh.  I love the use of Italian dressing on the house special subs.  Make sure to get a Capin' Cooler and take advantage of the inexpensive sub-drink special.  When I first started visiting Captain Bills at age 10, there were so many bumper stickers on the walls that I didn't understand.  I would wonder what my Dad was laughing at.  As my sense of humor developed through puberty, I certainly appreciated a great many more.  The decor of Captain Bills was definitely a major influence on my sense of humor.  Today, my 10 year old asks me what's so funny about some of the bumper stickers when we visit... ah, innocence.  Classic joint, good food, great prices, and a delightful decor.
5	After moving to Phoenix, i've been looking for a great local sandwich shop and i finally found it.  Cheap sandwiches, lots of options, great personal vibe.  May not have all the new fangled options you can expect at scottsdale shops, but who cares.  These are great sandwiches at great prices!
1	FYI if you smell something burning its your sandwich. A chicken deluxe and a captain cooler usually makes me happy EXCEPT when they burn the S out of it (see pic). Captian you better check your girls they are messing up my sandwich experience! Maybe I just came at the wrong time? I would usually give four stars but due to this tragic sandwich I just unwrapped they can't be saved.
5	I think I just found the best sub shop in town.  Captain Bill's has been around forever.  I even remember this place as a kid, though I never went here.  No idea why.  The place is a very small subshop that houses about six or so small tables and covered wall to wall are pictures of people who have been there from way back in the early 80s.  I recognized many people from the pics and it was a pretty cool idea.I ordered myself a salami, pepperoni and cheese sub (baked) along with some italian dressing.  I thought "Well I'll get an 8" because the full is just too big."  I destroyed that thing in a matter of a few minutes.  I could have easily done a 10" sub.  The bread was so soft and crunchy in just the right toasted way.  The meat and veggies inside were just perfect and the italian dressing made it a sweet finish.I can't wait to go back!  This place is the best!
5	Everything about these subs are great: the meat, the toppings, and even the bread is delicious! Its worth a trip just to read the signs and bumper stickers.
4	I actually really love the food here. Prices are very good for what you get. The only thing is the place looks like a hoarder house. It hasn't changed since in the 80's except got more bumper stickers. When you look at this place it really makes you want to go somewhere else. I really hope the owner realizes soon what a dump and out-dated place it is and does something cause I would be sad if it were to close.
3	Check your bread out.  It's not very good anymore.  Too cheap or bad baker.
5	I come to Cap'n Bills a couple times a week. I think the quality is better than the big chain sub shops and the price is better. I usually get a 5" sub for just over $3! I love this place! If you read the other reviews you know it's a unique place with bumper stickers, pictures and stuff everywhere. I like that I see something new every time I visit. I can also come in and order my "usual" now so it makes the experience that much better! Thank you Cap'n Bill and crew for the awesome food and service!!
1	Ewwww they have very dry roast beef and they use canned mushroom yucky. Never going back.......
5	Friends took me and my boyfriend here today and I must say I'm a huge fan! We had the mini Italian subs. So great! 4 mini subs and 2 large drinks for $7 ! Amazing. The sandwiches were absolutely delicious, fresh and filling and the decor kept us entertained our entire meal. Definitely gotta try this place!
5	absolute hole in the wall but by far the most tasty subs around.  Forget subway!  You drive up to this tent-like circus building and you can't prepare for the interior decor :)  You find something new to read every time you're there!!  They have a good variety of hot & cold subs and very tasty!! I would definitely recommend for a fast lunch spot!
4	Decent food at really good prices. This place is good for an office lunch run. It's nothing fancy but it hits the spot. The salads and sides are pretty good too. The bread always tastes fresh and the sandwich fillings are hearty and satisfying.
4	I like the atmosphere of this restaurants all the little trinkets around! I got he soup, it was okay, ill get a sandwich next time. Sandwiches were cheap! I am not sure they have a bathroom. The place def has history, but the food I got tasted a little old and I got hot water no ice, pretty lame. I like that its little!
5	Great food , cheap , and funny as shit stickers all over the place. What's more to love?
5	I have been going to Captain Bill's since I could drive, so over 15 years. When I lived in the area I would make excuses to go over there as much as possible. Let's see why it has all the right ingredients for an awesome sandwich shop.Great bread, delicious meats, fresh vegetables. All the essentials are present and this place puts them altogether in the right order. I have had over a dozen types of sandwiches and they are all outstanding. In fact, I would just have to describe the sandwiches I only ate once or twice as less outstanding, but not less than outstanding. That barely made sense but I think you get what I am saying. My last trip they either made up a new sandwich or I just missed it over the last decade. Buffalo chicken sandwich. Yes, you just drooled a little. It tasted as I had suspected, amazing, but I will have to warn you that it had a little more heat than I anticipated. I am okay with it but somebody else might not like it a little more on the spicy side. So I recommend it for certain. What is strange is that I usually order the BLT. It is so basic and I can make those at home but for some reason Captain Bill's just makes a damn good BLT.Time for a little truth out of me. Part of the appeal of Captain Bill's was the sandwich girls. It seems as though the Captain didn't hire unattractive help. The attractive help hasn't changed but what has changed is my age so now that I am married it is just a little creepy of me to notice these things. Or I am just a guy. Either way the younger crowd will enjoy the staffing scenery. Don't tell my wife I just said that...Great sandwiches and the admittedly lovely and capable staff come together in a great sandwich shop with great prices. They have stood the test of time and if you are within a 5 mile radius of this place and you still go to a Subway, you should question why you are even on a site like Yelp and actually care about your food. Captain Bill's is also a very entertaining place to eat. Once you get there, you will understand what I mean.
5	My all time favorite sandwich place!
1	Horrible! Can't get an order right. Dirty. And who the hell puts black olives and red onion on chicken parm? Steer clear. Bunch of idiots. Never going back. Chicken sucks anyway.
4	Go for the sandwiches, stay for the decorations! It's a bizarre carnival of bumper stickers, photos, comics and jokes from floor to ceiling. Every time, I see something new. The sandwiches are better quality, better priced and better sizes than the franchise place with the 11" foot long ;)It's always fast, always delicious and has a killer lunch special. A must-go.
4	First time here and I'm definitely coming back. I ordered the turkey and cheese. They will pack your sandwich with plenty of meat! And the bread is yummy. Great decorating. Something you won't see at any other sub location. And they even have classic arcade games like Galaga and The Simpsons. You can't beat $4.85 for a turkey and cheese combo.
4	This place was so fun to visit! It's like stepping back into the 80s! I loved it. Had the 8" club. The price was very reasonable. Food was good. The Italian dressing is delish. Will be going back for sure!
1	This was posted back in January and was removed from Captain Bill's page and I am posting again. I will not eat here again."Not sure what happened today. I went in at 1pm and got lunch. My family was with me. I told them how great the place was so they went . The employees there were unfriendly and unprofessional. Customers who ordered before us got their food faster than we did. Then me and my sister had to ask them to make our food because they forgot. Then we got our sandwiches. None of the orders were correct. It was a credit purchase so we couldn't really ask for our money back."
2	My last review was a long time ago and it was about the bread so I decided to try them again today.  Bread...100% better.  Tuna they put between the bread...awful.  Looked brown, low quality and had the sweetness of Miracle Whip not Mayo.  It was probably mayo but with too much sweet pickle mixed in.  I was so disappointed...I didn't complain...I just brought it home and gave it to my dogs.  If I ever go back...it will have to be for cold cuts which stand on their own merit.  Sorry I want local businesses to florish. Hope owner checks it out.
2	I remember many years ago how much I loved going to Captain Bills. My mom found this place and I loved the stickers and the subs were good. Plus i was cheap enough that my mom could afford it.I decided to bring my brother who lives out of town here even though i hadn't been in awhile, and I brought my three year old daughter. A mistake I will not make again. First off, there was no sourdough. Which there definitely used to be. My sandwich was pretty bland, it tasted like bread and thats about it. Plain white bread. Yum! Glad I drove out of my way for it. Then, the most awesome part. My kid needed to use the bathroom, but oh wait....They don't have one that their customers can use. i was instructed to go ask the Mexican place across the street. Thats what I want to do! Pick up my three year old and drag her across the parking lot and pray that we make it in time. I won't be coming back. The once funny stickers it seems are only updated with political crap instead of general humor, the once great subs are bland, their service varies depending on which high school student you end up getting but most of the ones I've encountered during the times I've gone had attitudes that I chose to ignore because it was a fun, unique place that had good subs, and finally....to end this huge run on sentence there isn't even a bathroom to use. Just that, in itself is enough where I'd question going back but the whole experience including the food is just not worth making the trip there any longer. Stickers and history can only take you so far.
5	Came in today and had a great experience. I got a 8 inch Italian , a cup of soup broccoli and cheese was todays special , and a medium Coke easy ice. Had no problems with service from the employees.
3	Was told to try this joint out. I'm a Caprioti's man and no sandwich can stand up against them, but I gave this joint a try. I love the inside of this place all the funny bumper stickers and decor. The chicks that work there are smoking hot, bonus. I ordered the Italian, asked for everything on it, and I wanted Oil, Vinegar, and oregano. Was told they don't put Oil,vinegar on they samiches and Italian dressing is as close as they can get. Odd I mean Subway even has oil and vinegar. Samich was middle of the road. I would go back for sure
5	I just got back from lunch here, and it was awesome!  I am always on the hunt for the perfect sandwich and lunchtime spot.  This place is quaint and decorated in a very eccentric way, which just adds to the charm.  I ordered the Italian sub with macaroni salad, a brownie, and a cherry coke.  Cherry coke is not on the menu, but when I asked the owner told me he would make me one on a special order.  And who says customer service is dead?  It's alive and well here!  The sandwich was excellent, the best part being their Italian sauce.  The brownie...it was cold, fudgy, and amazing.  I got a 5" sub, macaroni salad, coke, and a brownie for $5.07 - these prices are incredible!  What a value!I will definitely be back here, probably on a weekly basis, because it is getting added to the new lunchtime rotation.
3	We ordered the krab salad and chicken salad subs. They were good, but sparse on the protein and overkill on the lettuce.  I'd rather pay a dollar extra for more chicken or krab salad on my sandwich.
4	Great place to get a good sandwich,  I got the Roast beef with horseradish. Really good!!!!
5	Great sub shop. The sandwiches will not disappoint and the staff is fast and friendly. Places like this are the reason I like local joints so much better than corporate sameness. Unique and good. Wish I had tried it sooner.
4	The Yelpers helped me out again. There were enough good reviews for me to give Captain Bill's a try. It's near my house and I have passed by it many times but never tried it. The inside is small but uniquely decorated. I didn't eat there, took it home. Good prices - $6.93 for 10" vegetarian sub, small tea, chips. Sub tasted good. Had 4 cheeses, all the veggies & avacado.  Will definitely have their food again but will order take out.
5	First time here! I stepped back into the 1980's.The food tasted like you were eating back in the day something your mother would make. The staff is super friendly! The decor really stands out and is pretty cool and that they have everything you would remember. Sorry 90's babies you wouldn't remember because you weren't born yet.
5	I go to Captain Bills all the time.Subs are inexpensive, great tasting! and the customer service is awesome! I give them two
5	Captain Bill's is a long standing INSTITUTION. Soooo glad it still STANDS!   I remember students from the local high schools nearby (Cortez, Moon Valley, Apollo etc.) would literally RACE to get there first to avoid the wait- though even if you were out the door, the wait wasn't long. You'd just fill out your order on a notepad on top of the cigarette machine with a golf pencil.  To the food;  a 'single' or a 'double' is all you need (it's the basic or standard cold-cut house sandwich) and I'm guessing over 50% of their sales.  It tastes good, even if it's poorly made that day because it's SOOO cheap! In fact, it was cheaper than a high school cafeteria lunch. And of course you can't get out of there NOW for $2- (like 25 years ago) you still can get a great sandwich and beverage for a few bucks.  If the bread is hard or crusty, you can bet your entire experience will be bad.  That means the crew working (in short shorts) that day isn't following protocol- e.g. Leaving buns exposed. They'll go too easy on the dressing, and forget you asked for extra mayo or paid to add bacon. This WILL HAPPEN 1 out of 4 visits...but then again, I've heard Captain Bill is like the soup Nazi, so the staff may have attitude.    It's the PERFECT light meal, snack, or summertime poolside pleasure....   Love it WITH all it's imperfections!
5	Bill's is a place I've been going to since I was a kid. I'm not a kid anymore and have recently come back to my home town of Phoenix after 9 years away. Obviously, I am extremely biased so take this review for what it's worth. Captain Bill's is a great sub shop. The atmosphere is "must see" fun. Their sub's are first rate made to order and service is always friendly. Now that I'm back home no other sub shop will get my business. Even as biased as I am, I believe a business must be something special to win my loyalty to the extent that Bill's has.
5	Tried the BBQ sandwich a few days ago, pretty good. Soup is still delicious. You can't beat these prices.
4	A very local joint that looks like it's been serving sub's for years. Here is what I really like. The decor looks like it has not changed in 20 years. It has pictures of past customers all over the tables with funny things on the wall and ceiling. I tried the roast beef and it was good. Servers were nice young ladies. But only issue is the the chips were stale. About to expire in October and we are on September. All around if you can appreciate the old school decor you will enjoy the good priced food. Just don't get the chips unless they are fresh.
2	I was looking forward to trying this place out since I had heard good things from friends.  The BLT I had was good tasting but my biggest issue was "where's the meat?"  The Bacon barely made enough to be two strips when pulled together. Very disappointed. A bread sandwich with lettuce, tomato and just a sprinkling of bacon. I will say the service was great, very friendly.
5	This place is a real oddity.  The food is excellent.  Great sandwiches.We have triedMy favs: The BLT and the Salami SubHubby: Roast beef sub and the Ham and Cheese SubAll incredibleThe girls that work there are really nice and I have spotted the owner a few times running around the back.  A few old video games in the lobby if you can get around the line- wait for the subs is only a few minutes, and we haven't stuck around to eat there, we order and go- everyone is really nice and the food speaks for itself- we go at least once a week! Try it!
4	Food is excellent!  The place is kinda small, but there is no shortage of stuff to look at.  Just a cool place to eat.  I'll definitely be back!
1	Meatball sub horrible,little rocks of meat? Never again
3	I try to add a new place to my dining experience when I'm house sitting in the neighborhood. After a couple of visits to Captain Bill's, I can't say I'm overly impressed. The bread has always been on the hard side and the fillings are hit or miss. With the cold cuts, everything seems fine. But the buffalo chicken was dry and awful. Really only worth 2 stars, but I find their quirky bumper stickers and the '80s pictures to be amusing so I bumped it up.
