5	Bosa is back! Now they server Pho now but after the long wait I ordered bun bo hue with shrimp cake & grilled large shrimp & ice coffee, everything taste great! The side order of grill large shrimp is a must try! Gotta try their Pho when I visited next time
5	"Bun bo Hue" (spicy beep noodle) very delicious.no where can compare. "com tam bi suong cha".(broken rice with pork chop)are genius, real Vietnamese taste, also "nem cuon" (spring roll) come with very delicious sauce. They just relocation here, they were at Jones/spring mtn. before. Very good Vietnamese cuisines.
4	Pho Bosa is a great place to get cha gio and some pho.  While living on Guam I grew up with Vietnamese lumpia.  That one was a foot long and served with lettuce, mint, bean sprouts, pickled radish, noodles, and fish sauce.  The one at Bosa reminds me of home, except it's standard size instead of Vietnamese lumpia size.  The flavor is excellent, the service is great, and I'm so happy they are open again!I tried the pho and it's wonderfully light.  I loved every slurp from my bowl.  We were so happy that we came back the next day for lunch!Try this place out.  It's great food with great service.
5	Yup.  Every bite is just as delish as my last.  Thanks again!
5	I could come here and order 2 Cha Gio and some Pennywort juice and I'll be smiling for the rest of the night. I could end the meal there and be happy with it but there are so many more dishes on their menu. I am a big fan of all their vermicelli noodle dishes with a special preference to the Kalbi. A nice welcomed addition to the menu is the Pho. This was available back at the location on S. Jones. So far I have tried the Pho with the Beef Balls, Brisket, and the rare beef. All three have been a hit with me.The service is always so friendly and accommodating. I am never left wanting when I am there.After looking at the other review I've got a craving for some Bun bo Hue and Cha Gio. See you soon Pho Bosa!
5	This restaurant is by far, hands down, THE BEST CUSTOMER SERVICE I have ever received from a Vietnamese restaurant. Our server asked if it was our first time there (which it was) and explained the full menu to us. He was very knowledgeable and gave some on point recommendations.We ordered Pho Tai Bo Vien which is pho with rare steak and beef balls. Delicious as expected. I also tried Bun Bo Hue (spicy beef noodle) which definitely hit the spot for me! I highly recommend it for first timers! Don't forget to try their shrimp cake! Everything came out fresh and with great service, we'll be back for sure!
5	I love the rice there, me and my two older brother love going there like every week, the people that work there is REAL and so is the FOOD worth the price and money, and thats why i tried to be there everyweek. Everytime i eat anywhere els i feel the regret not getting the rice dish there instead.  Everytime i finish the Rice dish there i will always wrap my belt around my shoulder and say compliment to the CHIEF.
5	This place is AWESOME!!!!!! I have been a fan of theres since there old location and was so excited when they open this new location. My favorite dishes are....Nem Nuong Cuon, Bun Bo Hue, Bun Rieu, and there Bo Dai Han Tau Hu  Ky Rice Dish...Almost everything! There food is truly the best in NEVADA and I come here almost everyday and sometimes twice a day. I see this restaurant more then I see my kitchen at home. Not only there food is Awesome, but the people there also. I always have felt welcome and treated with spectacular service and makes me look forward to come back. If you haven't gave this place a try yet...you need to!!! Maybe I will see you there also haha...Thanks Pho Bosa for always satisfying me and my families hunger :)
5	There are two reasons why I moved to Las Vegas.  Reason number one was career move.  Reason number two was to be close to Bun Bo Hue, Ta Hu Ky and Short Ribs with broken rice and all the mind blowing food this restaurant offers.  The ribs are savory, tender, and exploding with flavor.  I've eaten at Vietnamese restaurants for over 22 years from coast to coast to the dirty south.  Bosa 1 is top notch.  The staff is friendly.  Mo, Vanessa, Mimi, and Kevin are the reallest $(@"&$ out there who are very passionate about the quality of their culinary creations and service.  Writing about it is making me hungry.  Peace
4	Bosa 1 is back as a reincarnated Pho Bosa. Apparently, they moved to be closer to the strip and included pho to please customers top 2 requests. Plates have always been the star for both the BF and me. They changed the way the plates are so there is more customization on the items you have in your combo whereas it used to be set items aside from the main meat dish. We both got plates with shrimp cake and eggrolls and I picked grilled pork sausages and the BF got BBQ pork. Everything good, as expected. It's the best broken rice plate you're going to get in Vegas. I wish they bottled their seasoned fish sauce! It is clean and balanced and I want to douse it on everything. They're doing a free soda with a Yelp check-in and that was oddly the only bump in the visit. It was flat and odd tasting according to the BF who ordered a coke.Service is just as friendly and attentive which I have come to expect when you go to eat at Bosa. It's one of the few Asian establishments that have amazing service. It's easily missed when driving by it. If you see the Bikini Bar it is next to it and the Zombie Apocalypse store is across the street on Polaris.Course, now that the namesake is Pho I have to come back (very soon, I hope) to try this and indulge and their two other soups: Bun Rieu and Bun Bo Bue. Perfectly in time for the cool down in weather!
4	If you know nothing about Pho (different styles, how to taste the one region from another) then go ahead and assume this is 5 stars.The pho is northern style. My mom's southern and my dad is central so a lot of the Vietnamese food I grew up eating and learning how to cook as well as eating when back in Vietnam is southern or central style. Very rarely do we try northern style as it's not from their respective regions. So i ordered the Combination Pho, i order so much crap with it comes to pho i pretty much learned to just go with the combo the only thing they didn't have that i didnt order extra of was tripe. Quality of the beef was good, one thing that sets Pho Bosa apart from the others is the tendon. Everywhere else you'll get larger thicker cuts of tendon which is fine if you like tendon as long as it's not super tough or chewy. Pho Bosa cuts their tendon thin and small so the texture is like melting jelly. Very good, next time i'm gonna ask for a double order of tendon. The broth itself is northern style. You can tell from the aroma of extra spices in the broth. Personally this caught me by surprise and overall it was a bit bland for my taste. In Pho Bosa's defense pretty much all pho is blandish for me, usually have to add quite a bit of fish sauce to get it up to par for my taste buds, here it took around 7 spoonfuls. Buddy of mine ordered the number 77 Bun Rieu.  - Vermicelli shrimp crab soup, thin rice noodles, shrimp, crab meat, tofu, large diced tomato in a home made chicken broth. I tried a spoonful of his broth and WOW it's actually really good and through out the meal he wouldnt shut up about how good it is. Not quite home made because everyone does it differently, his dad does it differently, my mom does it differently from my sister-in-law and i actually like my sister-in-law's version better than my mom but dont tell my mother that or she'll murder me.Like everyone says Pho Bosa is the resurrection of Bosa 1. From my memory Bosa 1 was well known and loved for their broken rice plates. Seeing as they're back in business now and considerably closer than San Jose I'll be seeing them in the near future.
5	Yummy, yummy, yummy. I heard about this place but never took the time to actually go there since there aren't really any quality vietnamese restaurants in this town, so you can say that I gave up hope. Being half vietnamese myself and having a personal love and affection for vietnamese cuisine this place has rejuvenated my hopes again. My friend suggested this place last night so off we went and I had the Bun Rieu (personal favorite of mine) and holy sh!t was it delicious. As the waitress brought out my bowl I could smell that delicious broth from 10ft away, now that's saying something. Very rich broth and strong aroma, as well as a decent amount of the meat. I have to say that I was genuinely impressed. I will definitely be coming back very soon, probably tonight :) On to the other things, prices are reasonable considering how many viet establishments are on spring mountain. Service was suprisingly really good, almost like we were eating at an american restaurant. Usually service in these types of asian restaurants I have found to be horrible or subpar in my past experiences, definitely a plus for me. Restaurant is very clean, which is good. Interior in my opinion is very bland, almost feels like im eating at someones home where they just moved in so there is nothing inside but furniture. Could definitely use more life/flavor and interior decorations. Some viet music playing in the background would also be nice (they have the speakers installed.....) But I understand that this is a new location so maybe they will improve? Regardless of all that this place for me still deserves 5 stars, the most important aspects of food quality, customer service, and cleanliness have been checked off in my book. I highly recommend this place to everyone. Check it out, and maybe i'll see you there!
5	Okay...i promised in my previous review i was going back to try out the rice plate or the Bun Bo Hue...didnt exactly plan on going back the next day but hey what ever; go where life takes you right?Left out from my previous review but dont feel like editing it. Number 15 on the drinks. Sua Dau Nanh La Dua (soy bean milk with pandan leaf)It's been a long time since i've had soy bean milk and the kind with pandan leaf is a rare treat. So i was expecting a can of Yeo brand soya milk with pandan leaf that comes from Singapore i think. When they released this flavor i used to not drink a can but inhale a can. Anyway what i was brought out was in a togo container. Punching the straw through and taking a sip i realized that holy shit this is home made soy bean with pandan extract added. Nice!! not overly sweet but not bland either. Could have used more pandan leaf extract but i'm just weird like that.Alright back to today. Well if i'm gonna order something with the intent to review it i might as well order it big:Number 11. Tau Hu Ky, Bi Cha with number 16 Thit Nuong(shrimp cake, shredded pork loin, pork quiche with additional grilled pork)The portion size is pretty big and the meal itself was quite tasty and impressive. The grilled pork was the tastiest on the plate. Marinated quite well and the thin cuts absorbed enough seasonings to be both tasty but not dry and rubbery and doesn't get in those hard to reach places in your teeth.Yup Bosa 1 is back and better then ever.
5	I'm so glad Bosa 1 is back. But they serve pho now, so it's called Pho Bosa. I really should wait until I try their pho and also make sure their Bun Bo Hue is still legit before I write this review. But what the heck. Pho Bosa is as good as it gets.Yes, this is based on my one lunch visit today whereby I ordered the Bun Rieu and promptly proceeded to inhale it. Yes, their interior and exterior leave a ton to be desired. Yes, it's strange that you have to go outside to access the restrooms. Yes, they... actually that's all I can think of.I'm definitely going back for the Bun Bo Hue.
5	If you are trying to decide where to go for Vietnamese food and are overwhelmed with all the options Vegas has to offer then allow me to make it easy for you.... go here!!! :)This place not only has great food but it's very clean. The place is small but since it's quite hidden you won't have a problem being seated right away. It's truly a hidden gem. Glad I found it via yelp. :DWent with the parents. They had the pho with everything in it and I had grilled pork chops with a fried egg. Both were really flavorful!!! Service was great too  Mimi was our server. She was super pleasant and was very attentive to us. Great customer service. I am definitely coming bacj the next time im un town. I say to be like Nike and just do it... eat at Bosa!
5	Bun Bo Hue was really good and oddly their Korean ribs were amazing.  You wouldn't regret it!
1	Came here last weekend when we were in Vegas. The first time I feel sort of duped by the Yelp reviews but I guess my bad for not double checking how many reviews there are really and that it's not enough for a good statistics, but we tried, and we failed. Bf and I go to San Gabriel a lot and their Viet food and selection are not bad, and Westminster area definitely is better every time we go. But I really can't see how this place is 5 stars, the only thing could be there's just not much Pho restaurants nearby to begin with and so there is not much to compare?This place has got some bad service, rude. Seating you down and doesnt take your order for another 10 minutes. After ordering food took over 30 minutes to come out. And you know what is the most infuriating part? People that came in after us and ordered the same thing (the most common pho order) got their food first! That is seriously one of my biggest pet peeve. Some of us tried to order for the meat to come on the side instead of in the broth, and the server has the nerve to say they can't do it because their too busy, which obviously must be truth since the food seems like it was coming out in snail pace. I couldn't even enjoy the food I was in such a bad mood. The taste was okay, didn't see what the 5-star hype was about. Oh and in the end while we try to pay the bill, they used the iPad to sign for the credit card transactions and server/ manager was rude/strange? He said. "You can use any fingers to sign, any at all. Just no nails". Last I know from anatomy class, finger does not equal nail. What?!As I re-read this, it sounds so harsh compared to the other glowing reviews. But I always call it for what it's worth, and it's not worth 5 stars at all. :(
4	Located at the east end of Chinatown. When I first walked in I saw the owner  ofowner of Bosa 1 formally on Jones ave.They relocated here and offer the same Bun Bo Hue and now offer Pho.Being a BBH fan I didn't even consider Pho. The condiments are fresh and the broth here is yummy.  The place is clean and parking is a breeze and now they accept credit cards. Definitely will be back again.
1	My first time there with the family two weeks ago. There were five of us in one small table next to the restroom. We waited for an hour and only ice water came out. Seriously, how long does it take for the cook to make 5 bowls of pho??? The worse part was that the waiter didn't even try to come by and let us know that they're way behind. Unacceptable! I will tell all of my friends and other family member not to come to this place. We went to Kim Long and the wait were well worth it!
5	My family and I love this place. We have to go at least once a week. Kid friendly, reasonable prices and their food is great!
5	My wife is Vietnamese and whenever we are in Las Vegas (2-3 times a year) we invariably get burned out on all The Strip restaurants and buffets during our stay. That's when we head down Spring Mountain Road to Pho Bosa.No matter what day of the week or what time of day or how busy Pho Bosa is, we can always get a table without much of a wait.I usually have a big bowl of Beef Pho and my wife gets a rice dish and we add one of the noodle dishes. The food is always fast to come out of the kitchen and the order is always right. The servers/staff seem to have sort of assigned areas/station but actually they all take care of any table they pass, if you need anything.The prices are not super cheap but the servings are ample and the quality is excellent. The food is delicious and authentic. So, I consider Pho Bosa an excellent value based on all merits.It's amazing that I see some low reviews of Pho Bosa here on Yelp because I haven't experienced a bad meal there. I am either very lucky or the other folks here on Yelp are unlucky or perhaps people were in a bad mood on both sides of the table. Maybe it wasn't their day but for me; I love Pho Bosa.
5	I've been a big fan of Pho Bosa since they were called Bosa 1 back at their old location, and I am a fan because of they have consistently delicious food.  Apparently their fan base is growing and has followed them to the new location.  We went back about a week ago (to start off our wedding anniversary celebration) and it was cray cray in there!  We felt so bad because they didn't have enough staff to keep up with the demand!  One look at the staff - you could see that they were sweatin' bullets!  My point of this observation is that Pho Bosa usually has friendly service and consistent eats.  Our usual fav's:Bun Bo HueBun RieuNem Nuong Cuon!Cafe Sua DaI heart Pho Bosa.
5	Best Bun Bo Heo in town.I also love shirmp cake. They make it perfect.Most places over cook the shirmp cake.
5	For no fail and very good Vietnamese food come to Pho Bosa!! :))
5	As a former Californian, I was devastated after moving to Las Vegas. The Vietnamese food scene here is lackluster (but slowly improving). Luckily, I was quickly introduced to Bosa 1 for their amazing rice plates. Not long thereafter, I fell in love with their fantastic bun bo hue and bun rieu...just like my mom used to make!!The portions are generous, the ingredients fresh and of superb quality. You can taste the homemade goodness in everything -- from the perfectly-cooked broken rice to the moist egg quiche to the amazing lemongrass bun bo hue broth.I used to eat at the old location at least 2-3 times a week. And during their several-month hiatus/relocation, I was like a druggie on withdrawal. I *craved* a good rice plate, and I must've visited every single Vietnamese restaurant in Vegas to get my fix. But alas, I was met with disappointment EVERY SINGLE TIME. Needless to say, I was ecstatic when Pho Bosa reopened; it was like my dealer had teased me so I would want more, and I've definitely been back many times to reclaim that euphoria.I work as a VIP concierge at a large upscale resort/casino on the Strip, and I'm often asked where to get pho/Vietnamese food. You can be sure I never send them to the TI(t)!! Every guest that had taken my advice has come back raving about the wonderful food, service and prices.Bosa 1/Pho Bosa is the best Vietnamese food in Las Vegas, hands down! But don't just take my word for it; check out what these other local media outlets have to say:http://www.lasvegasweekly.com/news/2012/oct/03/vegas-best-vietnamese-back-and-better-ever/http://www.eatinglv.com/2009/08/bosa-1-boffo-vietnamese/http://www.lasvegasweekly.com/news/2009/jul/09/bosa-truly-no-1/With their new location comes extended open hours, credit card payments and a slightly larger dining area. The staff is still just as friendly and accommodating. Do note that they are closed on Wednesdays. If you're a lucky local or just a Vegas visitor, do not miss the chance to enjoy the great offerings at this humble but wonderful restaurant._________________________________________And in response to Sandra C. from Encino, CA:Honey, if you actually read the reviews like you claim you did, you'll notice that this is the reincarnation of their first store, Bosa 1. http://www.yelp.com/biz/bosa-1-las-vegasHow about you check out their nearly-100 high-ranked reviews there before making yourself look like an idiot. And another thing, I've worked at several businesses (large and small) where they use ipads for signing. Most people are STUPID and use their fingernails REGARDLESS of how much you emphasize to use their actual fingers. With your attitude, your bad experience must've been of your own making anyway. I feel sorry for you; it must be impossible to ever make you happy. Perhaps you should just go rejoin all the hipsters at Pho Kim Long, as that seems to be more your scene.
5	My first experience trying Vietnamese food and it was amazing. I enjoyed the calm atmosphere of the restaurant. And servers were wonderful, I absolute love when I go to a restaurant and the servers are knowledgeable about the food they are serving. You have my Five Stars, I recommend this restaurant to anyone who is in the Vegas area and they are looking for a Vietnamese restaurant, Pho Bosa is the place to be!
4	I was a fan of the old Bosa 1 so i had to check this new location, and needless to say, it lived up to the hype. I went there twice once for lunch and once late night. Both times the staff were very nice and helpful. They made suggestions and seemed genuinely happy to be there.I had the rice plate which was pretty good, but not a world beater. The bun bo hue on the other hand is to die for. The meat is so tender and juicy I could eat it for days. However the only thing I wasnt very high on was the shrimp cakes. I'd heard they were good and they tasted fine but waaay too greasy.This place definately gets two thumbs up from this  foodie :D
5	I'm from San Francisco and eat Pho 4 times a week in the tenderloin. This place is the real deal.
3	Service is pretty prompt. Though, both times that I went, it was pretty empty. Area isn't too good for them, I'd say. They answer any and all questions that you have and if you don't get how their combo works, they'll be more than happy to explain everything. Seems to know their stuff, that's for sure.I got #40 Thit Nuong (egg rolls, shredded pork loin, egg quiche, and grilled pork = it's a broken rice plate platter thing). -- Egg quiche wasn't my thing but I really liked the egg rolls. Everything else was just eh. Nothing stood out here. I guess broken rice isn't my thing. On my second visit, I tried their #71 Pho Dac Biet.I actually enjoyed the meat but as far as the noodles go.. bleh. I was just putting the hoisin sauce on it because it didn't taste good without it. The noodles were disappointing.They also use square for their CC payments so you can hook up an account on squareup.com to use square wallet to pay.
5	Pho Bosa is definitely a local treasure when it comes to home-style Vietnamese grub.  I reviewed this humble eatery based on the merits of their Bun Bo Hue back in their old location (Bosa 1) and since their move have had the opportunity to sample additional selections including Bun Rieu and their broken rice plates, and have never been disappointed.  Bun Bo Hue- rustic and spicy lemongrass beef broth with chewy round bucatini-like rice noodles and a complex assortment of flavors and textures from the plethora of meat components (beef shank, pork knuckle, beef tendon, ginger infused pork blood cake) topped with an array of crunchy shredded cabbage and fresh herbs), no mouthful is the same from start to finish.  Definitely the best rendition in town.   Bun Rieu- an umami tsunami of chicken broth with thin rice vermicelli, fried tofu, fresh tomato, and a mixture of crabmeat /egg topped with crispy shallots, green onion.  Served piping hot, this is an optimal winter dish with a lot of minimally "masticatory" (for lack of a better made-up word) components meant to be swirled together on the tongue with interplay of sweet, savory, and even floral (there is some mystery herb in this soup that is reminiscent of shiso leaf).Broken rice plates- It may sound like the aftermath of a Greek wedding, but these are the Vietnamese cousins of the American meat and 3 sides.  The rice are fractured grains broken during the cleaning/harvesting of the rice, originally considered peasant food, but now having a wave of popularity due to its unique texture and flavor evoking the nuttiness of basmati and the butteriness of arborio in a solid risotto.   Accompanying the rice is a savory shrimp cake wrapped in impossibly crispy tofu skin, a delicate egg quiche, shredded pork loin, some pickled veggies and your protein of choice (I recommend the Korean beef short ribs or the grilled pork chop).  Drizzle all the above with their fish sauce made in house, and you will not want to stop eating until the last grain of rice is scooped off the plate.  Don't forget to partake in the free fountain drink with checking in on Yelp and credit cards are accepted!
4	Finally!  We were able to try the food at Pho Bosa..well, at least this location.I ordered the Bun Bo Hue and Earl ordered the vermicelli with the eggroll, shrimp cake, and pork patty.The Bun Bo Hue was nice and spicy.  What I enjoy the most about Bun Bo Hue is the tender pork hocks.  Although there were only two small pieces, they were tender.  However, the flavor of the bun bo hue did not come through.  They were tasteless pieces of pork hocks.  I have to make sure I have spoonfuls of the soup before I eat the pork hocks. Otherwise, the soup is fragrant and delicious.I tried Earl's food and there were tons of flavor in his bowl of yum yum stuff.   The eggroll was nice and crispy, the shrimpcake was tasty, and nem nuong (pork patty) was perfect.  We made our mixture of dipping sauce and put tons of sambal and voila!  I will order this next time!We will definitely return.
4	Good Pho. The staff was friendly and the broth was good.
4	I dont really do Vietnamese food, considering all the viet restaurants we have here in chinatown. I gave in and went and tried pho bosa, i got to say.... they have THE BEST pork chop broken rice dish.. u have to order it with the shrimp cake...omg, its so good talking about it is making me salivate!! lol MUST TRY!! Everyone keeps talking about pho bosa having the best bon bo hue, i tried that also.... it was OK. nothing special or different than other viet restaurants. i must say this place is pretty pricey for viet food, but the rice dish is totally worth it... and their portions are bigger than normal...
2	The service is alright and it's a really long wait for the food. I had a party of 11 but I didn't mind waiting a while for tables and I was find with two tables. It wasn't necessary for them to tell this table to get up and move to a different table. The pho was alright it wasn't the best nor the worst. It took 40 minutes just for one bowl to arrive. And the place wasn't even crowed. I won't be coming back next time I'm in Vegas.
5	So I'm basically ridiculous and decided to walk here from the Strip even though Las Vegas is NOT a walking city. This involved a weird detour-ladden walk (~2.5 miles!) that included walking across a highway. It was cold, treacherous, and totally worth it. But take my advice: don't walk. Just take a cab. Seriously. Unless you're also ridiculous, in which case, hi!! :) :) :)The service was awesome, though I think our waiter isn't one of the full-time ones. He asked if we had been there before, and when we told him we hadn't, he explained all the dishes to us and gave us his recommendations!We got the #11 broken rice combo with grilled pork, which was absolutely delicious. I haven't had "shrimp cake" before, but it was oh-so-good in all the right ways.We also got the Bun Bo Hue, which was very flavorful and delicious. (I did my research and tried this at another restaurant before posting this review, and while the other restaurant's food was yummy, the Bun Bo Hue here was the winner!) The waiter described this to us as "spicy soup".Bun Rieu was also very good (waiter just called this "crab soup").[[The waiter kept checking on us at this point to ask if we needed a box, since we were a party of 2 and had ordered 3 entrees. We finished them. Cuz we're awesome. I think he was confused.]]The waitress that was working that night processed our bill on an iPad. We asked about which taxis were good, but I think she got confused because she just left without responding. The waiter that had been helping us came back later to refill our waters and offered to call us a cab when he figured out that we didn't have a car.Five stars for service and food!
3	Was quite disappointed with this restaurant! After reading some good reviews about this place, I decided to take my family for some Pho cause I was really craving for it. As we were getting ready to order...the waitress notified us that they had no pho at the moment. How can they not have any pho...when they specialize in "Pho" and isn't that why their name is "Pho Bosa"? If the waitress would have told us as soon as we walked in, we could have gone else where for some pho. On top of that, the food that were ordered where not all that great. The only reason why I gave this store a 3 is because the staffs were very friendly! I don't think I'll be coming back again!
5	Do not let the location throw you off. Excellent service, authentic & super tasty food! Best pho place I've been to.
1	WORST SERVICE EVER! I've only had to walk-out of a restaurant twice in my adulthood and this was one place I'll never forget. It's a given! Pho is a great hangover remedy, my friends and I visited pho bosa cause per Yelp, it was new and had great ratings. We had a large party and was immediately greeted by:"You guys CANT sit together at one table but I still have to charge you the gratuity"I was already agitated by their welcoming greeting, and after I politely asked why, the waiter forced me to speak to the owner, I'm fine with that. However, the owner was the one who went overboard. He exclaimed his frustration about my disagreement to pay the group gratuity even though we sat separately. Usually when you have big groups, you want them on separate checks to speed up the service. The disgruntled owner had the balls to say: "You don't want to seem like an asshole to your friends to get your food first and have them wait for a 'long' time, would you?"I couldnt believe how unprofessional and unamicable the owner was. He tried explaining a bunch of other useless chatter, but I just decided to take the business to another pho restaurant down the street.  I can't understand why the owner pushes a gratuity charge on large parties when this place IS NOT BIG ENOUGH to seat parties of 4 or more!!! Pho Bosa didn't have much of a crowd there and its built in a sketchy industrial area, probably isn't safe there anyway. We also chose this place cause we wanted to give them some business. I'm a firm supporter of small business owners as I am one myself.  But I guess this was decided otherwise. One thing I also found really bizarre was that the owner was non-Asian, I don't know, but I think Asian owned pho joints will taste much better. LOL. Just and observation. By the way, most of the other reviews on here are bogus.
3	I'll leave this review at a 3/5 because I didn't actually eat anything other then spring rolls, but my friends raved about their bun rieu being really delicious. Like .... THE BEST .. they've ever had "delicious".Oddly enough no one in our group ordered the pho, which Pho Bosa takes time and effort to make, rather then have it all already set like majority of the pho restaurants one will go to. Think of them as the Jack in the Box of Pho? Your meal isn't made until ordered.With that said, wait time is long (if busy). Rather 5-7 minutes, look for 15-20 minutes. May I also add this place is fishy? It's in a complex full of office buildings. And pricing is ridiculously expensive. $2-3 more.
4	Pho Bosa is a hole in the wall type authentic Vietnamese restaurant, which is exactly what we were looking for.  You could tell they don't get many tourists here because they asked if it was our first time, offered to wrap up our leftovers, and said "see you next time!" as we left.  This made me like this place immediately.  Overpriced tourist traps (the opposite of Pho Bosa) were exactly what we were trying to avoid.I've been to Vietnam and it has my favorite food anywhere in the world, and prices about 1/20th of what you'll pay at any hole in the wall in the US, so it's hard for me to give anywhere 5 stars.  I also have to dock some points because the reason we chose Pho Bosa was for the wrap it yourself spring roll platter and they didn't have it available.  But the food that we did have was delicious..We ordered the:Vietnamese Salad Noodle Bowl with Chicken SausageChicken Sausage Vietnamese Spring RollTofu Vietnamese Spring RollVermicilli Shrimp Crab SoupIf I lived in Las Vegas I would be here all the time.Note that the restroom facilities aren't the best.. they are outside the restaurant and not the most hygienic.. but hey, it's a hole in the wall restaurant.
3	I came here with a group of 9 on a Saturday night. It's a bit out of the way so we drove/took a taxi there.Pretty good for Vegas but I can get pho better than this anywhere back home. I wish there was more fatty flank. Broth was pretty good.We got various types of spring rolls, some with sausage, some fried vegetarian. These were also pretty decent.I also got an iced Vietnamese coffee that was decent. For some reason the restroom is located outside the restaurant around the back.
4	Not been feeling great of late and perfect remedy nice bowl of Pho! I thought myself perfect time too try Pho Bosa heard so many great things from my fellow yelpers. Am in! Talk about some tasty Pho! I never been expert on Pho most of the places I gone is the similar style or region. I know the Bun Bo Hue is from different region and never had it before. Talk about nice kick. Dam! If need spicy broth too open your pours more or sick in general this is the Pho too get. I normally put some red roster sauce and stuff in my broth. The depth of flavor in the Bun Bo Hue no need for any condiments just the garnish of shredded cabbage and squeeze of fresh lime. The size of the Pho is pretty big for the large barely finish it. The noodles are more like udon style then the thin rice noodles. The amount of meat and goodies inside endless bowl. Awesome. Pho Bosa has some amazing rice plates too just not gotten around too. The kalbi sure looks like winner. The service was on it. I know this might be trivial but every time go too Pho place comes too napkins only get one or two at most. Small one. At Pho Bosa you get basket with your silverware and nice BIG napkins plenty of so no need too ask for more. It different nice touch comes too service. The inside decor is nothing special but nice. They do have one tv happens too be on vietnamese channel and think they playing some music too. Overall say Pho Bosa might have taking over top spot for Pho in my heart. Sure plan on coming back on trying more of the dishes. Especially there Kalbi or any of the rice plate combinations.
5	So after not only going second time try the regular Pho had too come back third time check out the broken rice plates. Talk about unreal delicious! I got the scaled down version by one item I believe but the highlight or thing most looking forward too besides the Short RIbs (Kalbi) was the quiche. Now it been while since I had any kind of quiche. Vietnamese restaurant? Who would have thought be without question best little piece of quiche ever had in Vegas. There also was the spring rolls that was not only cooked too perfection, nice crispy on outside till golden brown, and filling hot moist and again delicious on the inside. Not even talking about shredded pork along with couple sliced cucumbers and kind of carrot salad. Soo much going on with all these components on any of the broken rice plates. All that is going on what truly stands OUT is each part could see having whole plate of just by itself!!!!! Talk about filling any one of these broken rice plates sure getting  money worth. I not able too finish all my rice because really the whole bottom of the plate or just about had rice. Me growing up on rice loving every scoop of it!  The Kalbi might not be as meaty as other more local style restaurants but smaller ones feel so much more flavor packed in it. The marinade they do is fabulous! Not too sweet but just the right amount of balance. Broken rice plates see lot more in my future.The service yet again on top of it. They were even helpful came too my first time ordering broken rice dish explaining too me use the fish sauce over the rice and the shredded pork. I would have never thought of if they never suggested it! It small place but think started up right now never bad time too go. So if never been too Pho Bosa you should give it try. Between the different types of Pho and Broken Rice Plates that all you need!!
4	Not a bad pho place in Chinatown, Las Vegas.  It's in the middle of a office building complex, so it's not that easy to find.  Of course, I ordered the pho.The good: very strong beefy flavor, very generous portions of beef, double than other pho places, beef very sliced very thin and was tender.The bad: a bit on the salty side, the spice flavor was very subtle (star anise, cinnamon, etc.) which was probably overwhelmed by the beef flavor.  Price was a bit higher and it takes a little longer for the food to come out.If you like pho with a strong beef flavor, this is your place.
3	Been there last night. Did enjoy the food.Service can be better. LIKE
2	Hm....am I missing something here? Came by after Kabuto since I left still kind of hungry.Ordered a large pho with steak, brisket, tendon and flank. The serving size is rather large, with lots of noodles and a small portion of meat.The bean sprouts and basil were very fresh and clean which was a huge plus. Pho:Soup was bland, basically hot water.....I don't get why it took 15 minutes.Meat was super tender and good quality, I wished there was moreNoodles were on the softer side, but they gave a large portion of it.
3	Odd location, it is next to a biker bar...and honestly doesn't even look like a restaurant from the outside, the complex itself looks like office building. The place isn't that big, but it can accommodate big parties and what not. From the outside to the inside, place looks boring, it honestly looks like the old ass restaurants you see on Restaurant: Impossible, where Robert Irvine has to pretty much go in there and tear it apart. So yes the restaurant looks boring, and yes it is the definition of a hole in the wall, so I'd assume the food was going to be great..but the pho was just pretty decent; I ordered the pho tai bo vien which comes with rare steak and beef balls. I like that the beef balls weren't tiny and that this place actually give quite a few, and the rare steak was actually rare steak. The broth was so so, wasn't superb, and wasn't shit, just ok. Orders come out slow, but they tell you that on a sign saying something about freshness and made to order.....then again, pho broth does take more than 20 mins to make and everything else; noodles, meat, veggies are all add ins so freshness is very vague lol.
5	I come here for lunch from time to time... the best food comes from best and freshly cut ingredients, so don't expect the soup to be ready in 2 minutes after you place the order... expect a very delicious fresh meal....Mostly I'm ordering the Combination Soup which has all their possible meat, I wish they would have a lunch special tho, I would have come more often...The review for this place are mixed, but I would still recommend it, I'm sure most the people will like it, so you should give the place a shot....
5	Great food for a great price. I love pho and this place definitely makes the grade
5	I don't understand why we didn't make this our first stop when we drove into Vegas.  Pulling into the place, it really does not look like it's a restaurant and it's surprising it's still around.  But when you walk in, rest assured that this is the most authentic Vietnamese food you can get in Vegas.  We had our first Vietnamese meal in one of the hotels on the strip and were sorely disappointed (I'll review their butts later when I remember what it was called).  The Vegas hotel/casino had Filipino fish sauce, unmixed, for the pork chop.  The pork chop was poorly seasoned, and the bean sprouts were BROWN.  WTF.  But Bosa, omG.  Having driven 10 hours from San Jose, CA to get here, it was a blessing to have it before we went back onto the road to come back.  The food here is as authentic as the Bay Area if not better.  We had pho, bun rieu, and com suon.  The smell, texture, everything was right.  I was jumping for joy because the mints and bean sprouts were FRESH, CRISP.  And we sat there thinking, where the hell do you grow this kind of thing in the middle of a desert?  Beautifully hefty portions of top round, tendon, beef stomach, *drool ....* And they had all the mints - all of them!  Where do you get that here?????Service is fast, it comes out piping hot, and the coffee is Vietnamese style to the last drop.  And even in Vegas, this place is cheaper than some places in the Bay Area, gladly takes credit card (most hardcore Asian places here don't).  3 of us plus coffee was like $30 after tip - BEAUTIFUL.  Next time we go, we're going here first.  We're picky because we are spoiled from having easy access to good Vietnamese food here.  I saw a couple of negative reviews about this place - you guys are smoking crack.  This place is authentic, really.  This is coming from a guy who eats in Little Saigon in the Bay and in SoCal.
1	Cho nay gio lam. Nuoc leo khong ngon gi ca va lai mat tien. $8.25 mot to pho va cho lau lac gan het 30 phut moi co do an.
4	I would give ths place 4.5 stars. Went here today on my lunch break from work. I am new in town and didn't have trouble finding it. I did a take out order, it was ready within about 10 minutes from my call. The staff was friendly from the phone to the time I left with my food.Generous portion, nice flavors and a lot of steak in the pho which was nice and the meat was tender. A lot of places skimp on the steak.My only critique (otherwise it would've been 5 stars) would be I needed more lime. I am a big fan of the flavor of lime in my soup and I only got one slice which just wasn't enough. I will definitely return!
5	Omg... The best service ever. The food was delicious specially the sea food soup. The price is good too.
5	The place is awesome. Spring rolls and egg rolls and pho were so tasty
5	went here at 2pm-ish on st. patty's day/ must've just missed the lunch rush bc it was completely empty.  combination pho (71) was very good. broth had a lot of flavor. it was slightly... mintier? (i think)... than other pho places i've been to but it was still very good.got an iced coffee as well, but it was smaller than i expected.  usually i think places give 16 oz, but this looked like 10 oz. still good though.location is kinda in the middle of nowhere, but i'm guessing most people don't have trouble finding it.  i took the 203 bus from the strip on sands/spring mountain rd and the place is right after your cross over the bridge (rt 15).  pull to request the stop right after you cross over as you could miss the stop (right after the adult superstore) and then the bus doesn't stop until valley view, which requires you to walk back a little bit.
5	After spending a few days in Vegas eating casino food, we really needed to have a home cooked - non buffet - meal. So we searched Yelp for suggestions and found Pho Bosa. We were exploring town so it was close to where we were, in the Rio area, found several places but Yelp gave the place a good review so we went in. We were early for dinner but was surprised that it was empty, but they had several people waiting for their to go items.We were immediately seated, asked if we had any questions, both staff - the owners we found out, were very friendly and made the right recommendations, which we took them up on. There were four of us so we had a good variety and tasted each other's food. Everything was awesome!! The meat was tender and tasty - had both beef and pork. The rice was flaky, a little sticky, just right. We also had the noodles. Love the fact we can make our own sauce and as much as we wanted. All our dishes had the eggroll. We were going to go for desert but we were too full. The plates were very generous. They were very attentive and friendly. We will definitely come back again the next time we're in town, which is August of this year.Prices were very reasonable. Let's just say, for the cost of one person's buffet dinner meal, we paid for the entire meal here. And to top it off, we were very satisfied whereas the last two day's worth of meals at the casino were not the greatest. We are definitely keeping this place in mind because I can't eat a week's worth of casino meals especially knowing that just off the strip are home cooked meals.
3	Pho was below average, bun bo hue was delicious, and the  com suon nuong was excellent!  Thai tea didn't really have a lot of flavor so I was disappointed. Also, the egg rolls were really bland.  I wish their fish sauce, the nuoc mam, had more flavor to it, add a little spice, some garlic, and green onions and it'll taste a lot better. The service was great though!
4	Very delicious! I had a the typical beef noodle soup and pork chop and rice special.  The broth was very flavorful.  It's better than what I can get in New York.  The service was great also.
1	Do not come here.  I was in vegas for our family trip and my family always insists on getting Vietnamese food, despite all the other food to choose from in vegas.  We yelped a pho place, but it was closed down so we found ourselves at Pho Bosa.When we entered the restaurant we were rudely greeted and said we would have to wait for a seat in their small and dirty restaurant.  When we were seated the waitress was also rude to us as well.  To make things worse, they have these signs on their walls that basically states you are not in a fast food restaurant so be patient for your food.  Obviously, if you are at a restaurant there will be a wait and it's pretty unnecessary for them to post that sign.I ordered bun bo hue which was decent for vegas.  The gentleman that came to bus our tables after we ate and he asked me if I like my bun bo hue with a native tone and it confused me for a bit because he didn't look Vietnamese.   In any case, wish we encountered him earlier because he was friendlier than the rest of the people that work there.
5	Came here for lunch with my brother yesterday. The service is fast a friendly. The food is fresh and tasty. We ordered the bun bo hue, Pork spring rolls, The peanut sauce for the spring rolls was excellent. I also ordered a grilled chicken plate over rice with 2 egg rolls. The rice is cooked perfectly. The portions were very generous. The staff is very attentive. My favorite  Vietnamese restaurant in Vegas!Will be coming back soon for another lunch hour!
4	I arrived for lunch and tried the Bun Rieu instead of my regular Bun Bo Hue. I like this new location compared to the old one BC parking is convenient and the restaurant is larger but still quaint.The Bun Rieu is in the $9.00 range but the flavor and ingredients are top notch. Generous amounts of crab meat, tomato's, yummy noodles and a killer hroth. Service from the male waiter and I think owners husband is friendly and speaks Vietnamese but sure doesn't look Vietnamese.I've yet to try the Pho here so I have another reason to return here next time I'm in town.
5	Best Vietnamese food I've ever had. The customer service was amazing. The staff was extremely knowledgable and more then willing to explain anything. Try the hot lavender tea or the homemade hot soy milk you won't regret it.
4	This place ROCKS!! The noodles were the perfect chewy and the broth delicious. Lots of meat too! I eat pho all over the US and this was the best so far!!  Not a fancy place and location weird  hence 4 stars
3	The menu is compact and small. Came here for dinner. The service was good, lots of vegetables. The chicken soup was good, but wished it had more meat though.
3	Pho was below average, bun bo hue great, and the rice dish that I ordered, the com suon nuong, was excellent!  Thai tea didn't really have a lot of flavor so I was disappointed. Also, the egg rolls were really bland.  I wish their fish sauce, the nuoc mam, had more flavor to it, add a little spice, some garlic, and green onions and it'll taste a lot better. The service was great!
5	Somewhere along the line, I believe I yelped this place before. But they have since moved to a newer location on polaris road, very near to my workplace. Why I havent visited this place for a while. Dont ask me.But, they do have the best nem nuong in las vegas. Me and my wife stopped by because she was craving some good pho. I told her, look, we always go to pho kim long, lets try something new.We came in and somehow this place look familiar. Apparently they moved from their spring mountain and jones area. So we sat down and talk to moses the friendly server who knows all his craft and roundabout on vietnamese food. We were pleasantly surprised and enjoyed our conversation with moses since he is a food connoiseur like us. Their food are great. I would definetely be back soon.
4	"Dude, you stink.  No time for a shower?" says my Mid West, non Asian poker bud as he gets into the car."What the?!?" I take personal hygiene seriously unlike the average poker player."Yeah, you smell like an Asian; 'lemongrassy'." he continues and laughs."You can get out and walk you know".  OK so it was true that I just finished one of Pho Bosa's  delicious specialties, Bun Bo Hue, a spicy bowl of collagen laced, beef, lemongrass noodle soup with ginger infused pork blood cake, melting beef tendons, well braised shank, topped with  raw onions, unusual herbs, and the zing of lime.  The perfect balance of sweet, sour, savory, spicy.Not to be overshadowed, the Bun Rieu (Shrimp and crab soup with vermicelli rice noodles).  Complex flavors from fermented fish sauce, a concentrated chicken broth and shrimp stock,  acidic kick of tomatoes, vibrancy from cilantro, bitterness of green onions and fried tofu for body.  It's just good eats.Com Tam (broken rice) plates are interesting.  Remember, this is Southeast Asian cooking, everything is overcooked by American standards.  Choose the sides (good egg roll, rubbery quiche and shrimp cake) and a meat (deeply marinated Korean style short ribs, dry pork chop, thin slices of soft beef, flavorful grilled chicken).  Done.  The rice itself is different texturally thanks to smaller grains cooking faster than unbroken grains and starch being released throughout.  Definitely worth a try.Finally the pho.  A powerhouse of heavily extracted beef flavor and spices.  Heavy mouth feel.  Excellent.Typical Asian service (you know what I mean).  Reasonable prices.
5	Awesome, definitely coming back.
5	Definitely worth it to take a trip off the strip to his up this small vietnamese joint.  The broken rice pork dish with quiche was one of the best vietnamese dishes I've ever had.   We even took a few extra orders to eat in our hotel room so we wouldn't have to drive back to spring mountain later in the evening.   Service was good, but just give them some time to prepare your food, it'll be worth the wait.
5	Appreciate the new location as it is bigger and better than their old one.Best bun rieu ever. No questions asked.Friendly and engaging staff too :)
5	My favorite place!
4	Last year, a sad day had fallen upon the Las Vegas community when word of Bosa 1, the amazing Vietnamese restaurant, would be closing its doors. To many peoples, including myself, this restaurant opened my eyes to the "other" world of Vietnamese cuisine... one which did not include pho. Here was the first time I had tried broken rice, bbq, and stir fried noodle dishes, that I have since tried at many other restaurants, but have not seen executed to the same high standard. What I missed most about Bosa 1 was that they did make, without a doubt, the best Bun Bo Hue in the Valley.I was ecstatic to hear that the owner's were opening a new restaurant in Las Vegas called Pho Bosa, which would carry all of the items that Bosa 1 carried, as well as pho. Having procrastinated enough (they have been open for several months), I decided to check out the new location.Pho Bosa is located on the intersection of Spring Mountain and Polaris. It is right next door to the 702 bar (for now anyways.. that bar has also been the Bikini Bar, and previously before that, the Sand Dollar Blues Lounge) There is plenty of parking, and you really can't miss the sign. After coming in, I was seated immediately by the hospitable host/server. After quickly looking over the menu, I knew exactly what I wanted. It was the dish I was missing the most.. Bun. Bo. Hue. I got a fried egg roll for an extra 1.50. After receiving my water and little side dish of thai basil, bean sprouts, and lime for my soup, my spring roll and soup was brought to me shortly thereafter. Egg Roll - crispy wonton shell with pork and veggies on the inside. The flavors tasted really well balanced and the shell wasn't too greasy. A little bit small, but tasted good.Bun Bo Hue - For many of you who have never eaten anything but pho, and really want to try some of the other dishes of Vietnam (and have a liking for spicy foods), I really urge you to try Bun Bo Hue. At Pho Bosa, they make it really well. You can taste the ginger, lemongrass and shrimp in the broth. The chili oil that is mixed in the broth gives it a nice kick! The noodles are more thicker and rounder than ones you see in pho. The beef was tender, and so were the pig's knuckles. Don't be too put off by the congealed pigs blood. It doesn't have a metallic taste you find in beef blood, and IMO, the flavor was very neutral, almost like a tofu. One knock, I wish the broth could have been saltier (but maybe that's because i've been eating a lot ramen in the past year.. it has increased my sodium resistance).Can't wait to come back and try their broken rice, and grilled specialties. I'm also curious to try their pho, and see how it stacks up against other pho places. The service here was also good.
4	After a crazy night of drinking, my boyfriend and I were hungover (beyond repair - I guess we are getting old). I desperately wanted a cure, coconut water? pho? anything please! We thought maybe we can stomach a bowl of pho. Anyway, we got some spring rolls, coconut water and pho. The food was pretty good. The staff is EXTREMELY FRIENDLY. He saw we were in pain and made us lemon soda with sugar to help with our hangovers - I am not sure if it was a placebo effect, but it definitely helped! It seemed to help until we got back to the hotel - yup, definitely getting old. Great staff and great food!
3	This place takes way too long to serve your food. I understand things are being made fresh but waiting 30+ minutes for a bowl of pho is an oxymoron. If this place had shorter serve-times, I'd give this place 4 stars. The nem nuong cuon was delicious and had a nice crispness to it.I had the BBH and was pleased. It wasn't the best I ever had, but it was nevertheless good. Tried my friends pho and it ranks pretty high in pho I've had.
4	Good food, not to far from strip. And cheaper then most places around. Food is a little different then what I'm use to in Vancouver which is also cheaper. Place looks a bit sketchy, but who cares, food is good!
5	We weren't interested in the expensive buffets on the strip. My daughter suggested pho.  Thank goodness for Yelp or we would never have found this jewel!  We got there early and were concerned that the place was empty.  Glad we arrived early because when we were done, the place was packed.  The food was fantastic and the prices were so much more reasonable than anything on the strip. Try #11 with the grilled pork loin and noodle bowl. Outstanding!
5	best spot in town for spicy beef noodle soup and combination plate of broken rice w choices of meat. The owner is very friendly n take good care of us every time we dine there. would def recommend this place !
5	Whenever I am in Vegas, I hit this place up. The last time I was here was 2 years ago in their old location, and now this location is closer to the strip.   Yay.  The thing I always get is their spring rolls which has the crunchy egg roll shell in it..love the texture and their special sauce.  I don't get this in San Francisco, so it is always a treat to get it here.We ordered the bun bo hue with mild spice, but damn it was still spicy or me.   The noodles in there was different and loved it..it was not your thin rice noodles but alittle thicker but not like ho fun.  The reason I come back is the service.  He heard my lips were burning and he brought me a sugar mixture that said it will help bring the heat down.  I mean he didn't have to do it, but that was awesome-ness.  I will always be back.
5	Was not disappointed at all!!! Must go to this place if you're craving Vietnamese food. It was a little sketchy at first because there were broken beer bottles in the parking lot, we were the only ones in the restaurant, and the surroundings were somewhat questionable, BUT amazing service, we felt loved and also the food was delicious! Will be returning to this place next time I go to Vegas !!
4	My friend and I went there after the night of party - the place was dead we literally went there 30 min after they opened.. people started to walk in and it got busier. Pho was pretty good and service was very good also.
5	Awesome Vietnamese food!  I go here every time I visit Las Vegas and it is always superb.  The noodles like bun Bo hue are terrific and very unique, the rice dishes always hit the spot.
5	Seriously the best service I've received in a very long time. I ordered what the server recommended and everything was absolutely phenomenal. Will definitely be back again and again.Forgive me for not having proper combo names;Pork Summer Rolls: really good, fresh tasting. The veggies were crumchy and the sausage was flavorful. The peanut sauce was a nice touch as well. Not a thick thai-satay style sauce, but thin with a touch of vinegar. Grilled Chicken platter with shrimp cake and egg roll: AMAZING. Can chicken really taste this good? I wasn't sure that I'd like the shrimp cake at first, but the taste was amazing- not at all mushy like I had expected. The egg roll left much to be desired, but I overlooked that.Combination Pho: Brisket, raw thin sliced beef, tendon, and beef balls. The soup was really nice and light- perfect if you like your soup plain or gives you plenty of room for "improvement" if you like mixing your soup to taste. The service was what really put this place over the top. Our server, I regret not to have asked his name, not only helped me choose every aspect of my meal but also helped to mix the sauce that went over the dish and give me tips on how I'm supposed to eat it. Really nice guy.
4	Really liked there combo. This restaurant was hard to find good luck finding it but, if u find place u won't b disappointed.
5	Found this place on yelp. Thanks yelpers for the recommendation on this place. I was attracted to this place due to the fact that they have nem nuong on the menu, but came to soothe my hang over with some soup. We ordered the bun bo hue, bun rieu, nem nuong, and egg rolls. First off let me say, this vietnamese joint has the best I mean the best service any vietnamese restaurant has to offer. Our waitress was nice, attentive, and didn't have his thumb in my soup when he dropped it off. We actually got our waters filled without having to wave someone down. The fact that he treated us with such great service and knowing that we are not regulars made me become more of a fan. The nem nuong was rolled freshly when we ordered and came out quickly. It was very good. The dipping sauce was on point. The egg rolls came with noodles, lettuce and vietnamese herbs to roll and dip. They gave us individual sauce bowls so there will be no double dipping. I got the bun bo hue and my soup came out super hot which I loved. The broth was amazing, just the right amount spice, good meat to noodles ratio. I usually have to add so much to my broth to make it the way I want it. But not with this place, all I had to do was add my herbs and veggies and eat. I tasted my hubs bun rieu and that too was amazing. I'm really glad I found out about this place, this will be our new to go to place when we're in Vegas. Btw everything is made fresh to order so there might be a wait for your food. But who cares about 15 mins when you get amazing food and service.
5	Best bun bo hue in town. Super spicy and super delicious.It's not for the faint of heart.On top of that you get great and friendly service.
1	Our last day in Vegas, we decided to try Viet food and this Pho Bolsa come up in Yelp with all the "best food", "excelent food", "friendly service" and all so we came. The broth was plain, tasted like simply water, noodles were still hard like they just poured hot water through, rare beef was dry, not to mention fatty brisket smell......idk... different. I agree with the good and friendly service part though I won't come back again.
5	Located on the side of the orange-ish strip mall across the street from Zombie Apocalypse is this wonderful place for pho. We were welcomed with a smile as soon as we walked in.We got a #74 pho tai, a #76 bun bo hue and a side of grilled pork. The tea here tastes much better than the other Vietnamese restaurants I've been to. Their noodle soup bowls here are huuuuge. Just like any other place, you get a plate of bean sprouts, lime wedges, basil and jalapenoPho Tai:Rice noodle (vermicelli) soup with rare steak. I like to put Hoisin sauce, 2 slices of jalapeno and juice from a lime wedge on my pho. The broth was tasty and LOTS of meat. I love it! 5/5Bun Bo Hue:Spicy beef noodle soup with beef shank, cubes of cooked pork blood with ginger, pork, lemon grass broth. Think Tom Yum soup from a Thai restaurant but way spicier.  I've had this many years ago but the pork blood and spiciness of this soup scared the heck out of me. Their version tastes better and "cleaner" although I'm still scared of pork blood. This is actually a very good soup. My friend loves spicy food and even he thinks this was real spicy. 5/5I can't complain about the service. The servers were very attentive and they're always asking "you guy do ok?" OK! Just make sure you call first before coming here, we were supposed to be here a few days before but for some reason, they were closed even if they were supposed to be open according to the days/hours outside the door and on their Yelp page.
5	Great food and great service. I forgot my sunglasses and the server chased after our car to return it.
5	I'm not a fan of pho, but when your friend is nursing a hangover (which you are mostly responsible for) you step up and suggest a pho meal to help ease the nausea and overall feeling of death that a hangover brings (otherwise known as a successful night of debauchery)what i ate:- chinese sausage spring rolls: om nom nom. Growing up with many Chinese friends, I have a total soft spot for Chinese sausages. These spring rolls were so delicious! The flavors and textures were all there! The rolls had this crunchy deep fried roll behind the sausage, giving this a great crunch. The house peanut sauce was delicious!- combo: egg rolls, shrimp cake, grilled pork sausage (#25): the egg rolls were crispy, the shrimp cake nice and crispy, the sausage nice and meaty. This made me so happy while I was eating it, even if my friend was sadly struggling to eat her pho across the table from mePros:- food! I can't speak for the pho, but the rolls and rice dish I had was delicious! - service: they were surprisingly busy for a late Monday morning, but they tried their best, which I appreciated. They were also very tech savvy taking payment with their iPad.- price is decentCons:- small so I could see how there would be a wait for this placeWould I come again? Sure! :)
5	Looking for the best Pho Tai in town!Bosa puts up a STRONG fight!  Could this be YOUR favorite bowl in town??Pho Tai : Rare Steak Noodle Soup. This was a very large portion with plenty of MEAT! I really like their broth here...it's very crisp and clean with lots of flavor. Probably my #2 bowl in town!  It just tastes BETTER...sip it before you put all that other stuff in there.  See why it's different!We also tried the Bun Bo Hue : Spicy Beef Noodle Soup with lots of meat and misc lol. This was pretty SPICY...and I don't toss that word around lightly. Since it was combined with the heat of the soup, I was SWEATIN!  Little Foodie Dude was eating it up!  :PI also ordered some Thit Nuong ($2.50): Just a side of Grilled Pork. Their pork is very flavorful, and it's a very LARGE portion for only $2.50! Eat your heart out So1!  This is Soul's favorite :PService was very good here...surprisingly good actually.  Don't think I've ever been checked on while eating pho lol.Pics to make you drool :
5	Sketchy ass location with bomb ass customer service and bomb ass food. Who cares if your car gets keyed while you're slurping down your delicious bowl of pho. :)We randomly swung into this pho restaurant one late afternoon while we were in Vegas for the 2013 Olympia Expo. Upon parking and walking in, you seriously feel like you're either gonna catch an STD or probably shot up but rest assured, neither of the two happened to us. :)Even though the interior is dark, dreary, run-down, surprisingly the scary restroom located outside the restaurant was uber clean. Haha!I ordered a nice big bowl of Bun Rieu cuz I wasn't in the mood for pho. Have to admit, one of the best damn bowls of Bun Rieu I've had at a Vietnamese restaurant. The SBBF ordered himself some pho and thoroughly enjoyed his meal.Customer service was on point. I like the fact that there was some random Hispanic guy who spoke perfect English who greeted us goodbye after we paid. Definitely a must-go if you want cheap, good Vietnamese food near the strip!
3	Am I a soup nazi!?! Are my standards way too high because I didn't really understand all the hype on the Bun Bo Hue here -____- "Am I crazy or is there not a wide population of Vietnamese people here? We seriously need a a Vietnamese family to open up the back of their home and set up shop for us or something because I really have a hard time finding a nice, enjoyable, bowl of pho in this town. This has been placed in my bookmarks list for quite sometime now because all the rave I've been reading about their Bun Bo Hue. I love love love Bun Bo Hue ..when it's done right. Came here with merherhh (bf) and we ordered pork egg rolls that looked like Filipino lumpias more so than Vietnamese egg rolls -- long and skinny (that's what she said). They weren't that bad. I liked the fact that they gave some noodles and cucumbers with it so you could make your own fried spring roll concoction. Merhherh ordered the Pho and I ordered the Bun Bo Hue. Both were bland in flavor :| Just tasted watered down to me. I would say, maybe since it was at the end of the night so the food was lacking as they were about to close? But no, shouldn't it be even more flavorful cause the broth would be absorbing the flavor of the ingredients all day? Either way, just not my cup of tea, or rather bowl of pho.Another thing I wasn't very fond of was that they just provide a bottle of fish sauce by the table. Not homemade?! Fish sauce in a bottle was not pleasing with my egg rolls :( This place is definitely a hole-in-the-wall and I usually enjoy discovering hole-in-the-walls more so then fancy smancy places, but I was honestly alert my whole visit waiting for a cockroach to make its way across the floor. I guess I set my expectations a little too high. It being a hole-in-the-wall I was expecting some good ol authentic Vietnamese food. I wouldn't mind giving this place another shot, but definitely didn't make my top favorites list :X
4	The egg rolls were subtle and very much unlike what you may find at other Vietnamese places. I really like how fresh the vegetables that accompanied the egg rolls are. In addition to the appetizer, we also ordered Pho and a rice plate. The pho broth was flavorful and aromatic while the noodles were just the perfect size and texture. The only thing I didn't like was that the broth was a bit too salty.There wasn't much of a decor or atmosphere but the staff was very nice.I will definitely come back here to try other dishes.
5	The food here is great!  Full flavor and lives up to the great reviews and high rating.I had the Pho with Steak & Beef Ball - The broth is so good (which everyone knows a good Pho is the broth)My friend had the Bun Rieun and he really like it also it was his first time having it.Also the Thai Ice Tea was really good, I think it was the best one I ever had.Definitely be back whenever i am in Vegas with a rent a car=)Only thing bad about this place is the location which was in the side corner which I thought it was an apartment building or something with many empty businesses.
3	What does a man call for after a long night of drinking?  PHO!  Took to my handy Yelp app and found Pho Bosa.It's probably one of the better Pho joint near the strip.  However, not by CA standard.  Of course, since we are in NV I have to say it's was pretty good.  A little weak on the broth, first time I had to add fish sauce to my broth.  The meat wasn't the best quality, but there was a lot of it.  It was also the first time I found my noodles to be undercooked.  I love that they did not skimp on the herbs.Overall, a nice place to get a decent bowl of pho if you're in the area.
4	This was the best $60 bowl of pho ever.  My bff and I took a cab from MGM Signature to eat here ($20) our actual bill was $25ish and our cab back was $15.  If that's not hardcore love for pho, then I don't know what is.  Bun Rieun is DELICIOUS.  Their spring rolls are different, but very good.  Great service, yes it's in a strip mall...you should call a cab early, then go hang out a Zombie Acopolyse  :)
4	The food here is good as well as the service. I love their rice and grilled pork spring rolls.
4	Great so far.I would say Pho Hung from Toronto canada deserves 5 stars. This is the only pho place I've ever had in vegas but deserves 4 stars :)
5	Extensive options..especially for gluten free folks. We had #77 and spring rolls with chicken sausage. The soup was savory and amazingly flavorful. Mo rocks this place!! Wish we could take him back to Austin with us.
4	Vegas party-goers need to know about Pho Bosa. The best thing for your hungover, dehydrated-self is an awesome bowl of steaming hot Pho when you finally decide to roll over and wake up. The broth here is awesome and the portions are generous. The egg rolls are smaller than what I get at my favorite pho restaurant back home (Golden Deli, San  Gabriel), but still very satisfying.There is plenty of parking and they also take credit cards!
4	Came here on a Sunday afternoon around lunch. I was surprised at the location that it's in a business office complex and looked borderline sketchy. My friend from out of town was with me and even said "Where are you taking me?!" This place had great reviews which includes some yelpers I know and my brother. There was maybe 2 or 3 parties already there when we were seated and as we waited to order the place started to get pretty packed. As most pho places in Vegas on a Sunday, most of the patrons were hung over youngsters who were at the club from the previous night. I really wanted spring rolls and saw something on the menu that was shrimp egg rolls, but unfortunately it was not the spring rolls I was expecting. It was shrimp wrapped and  deep fried and came with large pieces of lettuce on the side. It was good, but a little greasy. I ordered thin sliced beef, that came with egg rolls, a shrimp cake, and broken rice. I've never had broken rice before and it reminds me of the rice at the bottom of the rice cooker that's been there after awhile and becomes crispy. The beef and egg rolls were good, but I think I would enjoyed this meal more if I had the vermicelli with it instead of the broken rice. This was also my first time trying a shrimp cake and it looked like a piece of spam with batter, but made shrimp instead. Mine was on the greasy side because shiny oil on top was visible. Unlike my friend's shrimp cake his looked less greasier than mine. The service was pretty good because they were attentive throughout our entire meal. I even recognized one of the servers from another Pho place I used to eat at regularly. The inside its self looks like a make-shift restaurant, kind of odd but works? I still prefer other Pho places around the area, but I'll definitely come back for the Pho which is I think they're more known for.
2	Food isn't a 2 stars it's more of a 3.5 maybe even 4 stars but be prepared to wait for it.The restaurant even addresses the issue of their long wait with signs on the wall that say 'our food is made fresh and may take 10-20 minutes to come out. Wait time may be doubled if busy"Trust me they're not kidding. Our food took about 35 minutes. For two bowls of pho and spring rolls? .. really? I yelped this place while I was in Vegas because I suspected phoking long would have a really long line so I decided to go somewhere else. If I knew I would be waiting 40 minutes for a bowl of pho I might as well just have gone to phoking long -_- Spring rolls are good. Large pho doesn't have that much noodles in it.I suppose I'm supposed to give them credit for posting a disclaimer but they don't post it on the door of the entrance, you can't see it until you actually sit down. And who expects a bowl of pho to take THAT LONG! Oh on top of that they forgot my order of spring rolls. The restaurant really isn't big at all probably just 15 tables and they have 2-3 servers. Ehh not coming back, don't care how good the food is.. which is really not that amazing as their sign on the wall claims.
3	The food was ok. I decided to try a different place based on Yelp reviews. We usually frequent Pho Kinh Do or even Pho Kim Long.Our order: Pho Dac Biet, Bun Bo Hue and Com Tam Tau Hu Ky Bo Nuong. The pho soup base was diluted. The beef in the Bun Bo Hue were such huge chunky pieces. Some were tender and others were tough. The broth is not bad. For a large bowl I got two itty bitty cubes of pork's blood. My husband said the rice place wasn't good and I believe him because he didn't finish it. He said the baked egg tasted rubbery and the slices of beef were more like teriyaki than having that grilled flavor. The tau hu ky was not bad...crispy. Note: All noodle soups are large only. Small place, decent service. It's almost right off the 15 when you exit...away from the center if Chinatown.
5	The food here is great, but what is even better is the service! The waiter nicely explained us how to eat each different thing and mix sauces and what to do. It was like having a native of a cuisine show you the ropes.I was here with a group and we got and shared many dishes. For appetizer we got a fried shrimp dish. I wish I could tell you the name but the online menu is down and quite frankly I don't remember. It was really delicious. We were able to make a sauce to dip it in and they had the sauce and peppers and seasoning so you could make your sauce as hot or mild as you liked it. You can use this same sauce on rice when your rice dish arrives.The Bun bo hue was great and the entree I got "broken rice with chinese sausage" was good as well. Only thing to mention though is the portions are VERY generous. We ended up stuffed beyond belief and I felt bad that we had to essentially trash a lot of really good food. Only thing that is kinda weird about this place is the bathroom is OUTSIDE the restaurant lol. You have to walk out the back and go down an outdoor hallway to use the bathroom.
3	This pho place located in a hidden corner of a apartment complex. haha it took us a while to figure out the entrance, since there was no sign, and the windows were tinted. Waiting 3/5: I would've given them a 2 out of 5, but since they DID put up a sign saying that since all their food are freshly made, there's usually a 10-20 minutes wait for your food. and IT'S TRUE! lol, their honesty made me giggled. i waited for about 25 minutes for my food haha, i cannot complain because they DID warned me and I decided to stay.. haha.food 3.5/5: It's not bad, but i've had better. we ordered a spring roll, beef ball pho and one of their combination broken rice dish. Everything is very decent tasting, nothing too bad; I admit i was a bit disappointed since i waited for 25 minutes for this "freshly made" food.Service 3/5: Overall is good; perhaps there's a bit short staffs? I only saw one waiter out at the dinning area helping about 12 tables of customers. So their service may not as promptly as it could be. Im a very impatient person, i WOULD'VE CAME BACK if the waiting time is not that long. but yeah, i just cant stand the wait, i'd rather go pho king long.
5	I ate here today and it was fantastic!! very well priced! I have eaten Pho's in Vietnam, Australia and America, and this small restaurant was spot on. A good quality broth with some really traditional ingredients.Another good sign is when there are a lot of Vietnamese customers, and this place had plenty.if you want something in Vegas healthier than what the strip has to offer, this is the place to go! will go again next time iM in Vegas!!
5	Perfect choice! Upon arriving to Vegas on a cold Friday, my friend and I decided to venture off the strip and search for this Pho place-- it has been the best meal so far. Prices are affordable, less than $9 for a huge bowl of Pho. The chicken spring rolls were delicious too! Service was great and our server was very friendly (forgot name) sorry. We had an amazing conversation about his upbringing and travels. I love that in America we can eat Pho and have a wonderful conversation about the world. Definitely coming back when in Vegas! No crowds or overpriced meals.
5	Broth is DELICIOUS!! And they give soooo much meat! (Got the combination beef pho) tuge definately revived me after last night lol
4	Two words: Bun Rieu.This might be my shortest review ever.
4	the pho here is pretty good, location was pretty hard to find though since its sorta in a apartnent style complex...but not juding location, the food makes up for it yet i wiahed they gave me more =(
4	This place is quite close to the strip. Nice noodles and great new kinds of spring rolls! :) i always visit here for my vegas trip, especially in the morning after the crazy night
5	This place is by far my favorite pho place in Vegas. Everything is delicious and home made! I come here at least once when I'm in town. I haven't had a dish I don't like
1	Im from bolsa california and i tried the food here. Theres too much MSG in the Pho and the springrolls were microwaved. Food was very poor in taste and quality
4	I'm not a huge pho person, but I was on a pho kick as I caught a cold on this Vegas trip. Tried the pho on the Strip - no good! Came here and had a much better experience, though I have to agree that it's probably not head and shoulders over solid Bolsa pho (maybe they should add that L to their name?). I was very happy with the broth but the meat was too tough. The evening was saved by my soda chanh muoi, which actually had great preserved citrus chunks in it, yum!I have a feeling we're all referring to the same guy when we compliment the service, and he was indeed very friendly. The location looks like a murder scene, on the side of an unlit commercial building, with the curtains completely drawn, offering no glimpse of what awaits until you open the door. Bang bang!
5	Delicious. We ordered the shrimp roll and crab soup. Our server was extremely helpful by showing us how to wrap the shrimp rolls and what sauces to use with specific dishes. Our server's name was Mimi.
3	This place is located in a shady-looking building. Their noodle bowls are huge but they also cost $9-10 which is pretty pricey for Viet food. The bun bo hue is actually pretty good and I would come here for that if craving it while in Vegas. Their bun rieu is supposed to be good but I was not a fan. The pho was just ok. Better than AZ pho but not close to CA or home-made.  Their nem nuong rolls were also large and tasty.
5	My first night in Vegas and looking for some good Pho. Yelp to the rescue! My buddy almost took me to one about a block away, but we looked it up on Yelp before we went in. It only had two and 1/2 stars, so we peeled out of there and headed here! It was night time and they had a strobe light outside and it didn't look like much from outside. I thought maybe it was some kind of Pho strip club!  The food was delicious! I ordered the grilled pork noodle -bun tit noon. My buddy ordered the standard hot Beef Pho.
5	I have been passing by this place for years and never even noticed it until a coworker recommended it. Man I am so thankful because it is the most underrated pho place ever! Yes it's a little small but the food is delicious! I came on a rainy day with a friend during my lunch break. Naturally I called ahead since I only had an hour to drive there, eat, and come back and decided to place an order for the bun bo hue. SOOOOO GOOD! I was in heaven, right amount of spicyness with thick yummy noodles and chicken. Not only that but the service was amazing as well. I was only able to try one item but it is definitely on my list to come back to!
2	Went here for Pho after I was feeling a little under the weather. The pho was decent, price and quality. The pork sausage spring rolls are actually uncooked rolls which I always thought were called summer rolls. The broth was ok, but location was good and would consider going again if I was in town.
4	One of my favorite places to come when I'm in Vegas after a long night of gambling and drinking.  It never fails to hit the spot to cure a hangover.  Not as good as some of the places I been to out in Garden Grove, CA, but in Vegas hey what can I expect.  The broth was awesome and so was the flavors, from what I can tell but I do add a ton of sriracha and Hoisin sauce., the meat was rare and delicious.  Price was as decent.I would recommend this place for decent pho, and as other said the rolls and such.
4	Pho Bosa for me is like comparing my mother's cooking to my mother in law's cooking. They are both delicious but completely different and hard to compare the two. This is how I feel about Pho Bosa in comparison to my other Pho spot in town.I am a huge fan of their peanut sauce that they make and serve warm with their fresh spring rolls. They offer both pork and chicken sausage and the flavor in the sausage is mild. But that dipping sauce makes up for any flavor lost.The pho here is decent, good, and solid. My noodles were a bit soft in my bowl. And if you have read my other pho reviews, you know that I keep an eye out for any silver or green tinge of coloring on my meats and I didn't see any until my last few pieces of meat. And one piece had a really funky taste to it, which I spit out immediately but other than this - I liked their pho.The bun bo hue is a winner for me here too. I asked for extra spicy and was delivered just that. The ingredients were fresh and good. The meat however was too big in portion and it would have been a better experience for me if it had been sliced smaller.The one downfall for me about this place is their bathroom. I do not like that I have to walk outside to use a bathroom.
2	This place was just ok. Went there for lunch today around 11:30am, and we were the only customers. The bun rieu and bun bo hue had good flavor, but we felt that they were skimping on everything, even the plate of veggies for the noodle soups. Even the iced water tasted gross, so we ordered bottled water. I don't think it's worth returning!
5	Bun Bo hue.  Killer. Rolls awesome. Pork chops are frigging delish.I love a great bowl of steaming soupy goodness.  this by far had the best broth in Vegas.  It might even be the cleanest I have ever eaten.  The beef knee is so tender and has wonderful collagen chewiness.If you have a huge night and are really hungover have the pho or even better get the Bun Bo Hue with the rice noodles.  So good it hurts me that this is so far away.
5	Great soup. Excellent service.Did I mention Great Soup!Definitely coming back here next time I'm in Vegas!
1	It's ok pho. Not much ingredients and broth pretty plain but overall ok. Service not good, won't even separate our tab.
4	This place is a little hole in the wall and may look a little scary when you pull up, but the Pho is DELICIOUS!!
5	Yestuaday I was stop by pho bosa and I was order bun Bo hue  it is a unforgettable Vietnamese soup excellent
1	Omg they only have one size bowl and it claims to be a "large". The bowl is so small. Where I'm from, in Orange County, that would be considered a small bowl. And at $8.25 for that "large", it's ridiculous. That is a typical $5 bowl. It should not exceed $5. Whatever though, it took me forever to find this place and I'm not going to go searching around for a better place when I'm on vacation and don't know where I'm going. Oh well, at least the bowls have a hearty amount of noodles and meat. Still not happy about the price
4	Bun Rieu & spring rolls were delicious! The broken rice dish with short rib combo was okay. Iced coffee was strong & rich.. I'm guessing they used condensed milk. Good option if you're craving Vietnamese food. It's a short drive from Palazzo.
1	Why does this place have such high ratings??? Maybe I'm spoiled from living in OC but good Vietnamese food elsewhere is hard to come by. After a long night of partying, a big bowl of pho sounded great for all of my hungover friends and I, but we definitely chose the wrong place to eat at. The pho broth had an off flavor, that's what ruined it for me. Even if there was superb meat (which there wasn't), broth is the main flavor component for pho so it was bad from the start. I mostly ate the meat drenched in sauce and left the rest.One of the workers recommended the bun rieu to my friend; she said it was even better than the pho, but my friend thought otherwise. He said it was really salty and wasn't spicy whatsoever. Oh and why is it named BOSA? Not Bolsa?!?!
5	Let's keep this simple. BUN BO HUE or BUN RIEU.order it. YOU'RE WELCOME.everything here I've tried is pretty yummy.   But those two are my faves.
5	#1 BUN BO HUE (HUE SPICY BEEF SOUP NODDLE) in town. Die for that. So delicious! And the very best Combo broken rice plate. Don't miss Pork sausage roll for starter! Yum yum
4	Bun Bo Hue and Bun Rieu are my favorites here, and might be the best in town.Restaurant is in a sketchy neighborhood. It is dimly lit with fluorescent lighting (not cool diner vibe, just makes your eyes tired vibe), there's really no decor, and the springs in the booth chairs are pretty much gone so you sink really low when you sit. The restrooms are not in the restaurant, so you'd have to go outside of the restaurant to use the restroom.Friendly and attentive staff.
4	Closed on WEDNESDAYs!!!!Their Nem Nuong Cuon is better then the places in Cali.  Yum!
5	I am never disappointed when I dine here.Not only is the food delicious, fresh, and well seasoned. The staff ALWAYS remembers myself and My brother when we come in. That right there is why I keep coming back to Pho Bosa! This is my favorite Vietnamese restaurant.  Try the Vietnamese Iced Coffee, And the Pork Spring Rolls!!! Hell just try a little of everything!!!! :-)
3	I think I am spoiled from living in Cali where pho is everywhere. I don't mind the prices. I was hoping for a wide variety of items to choose from and didn't see it. A simple menu is good, it means honing in on the best flavors for each dish that is offered.Their Thai tea was amazing. And their place is small, slightly disappointed they didn't have banh mi options. Their pho soup base was good. I was torn about giving a 3 star or 4 star. I decided on 3 because of the lack of variety of menu options and the girl, who waited on us didn't come back to check if we needed refills or how we were doing.
4	Ok the food here is great, but the location is very interesting. It is in what looks to be a run down building.   However once you get past the building your in for a nice surprise.   I had the bun rieu, it was lacking flavor until I drenched it with the fish sauce bottle on the table and added the chili sauce to finish it off. I asked why so blan, they replied that some people were complain it was too spicy and salty. So instead they let you add your finishing touches.The broken rice dishes was the best in town and have earned our business if we are craving rice.As for the other dishes we haven't tried yet, but will soon.
5	Not the best location and the decor is poor, but the food was great.  I had the broken rice plate with beef, shrimp cake and quiche.  The shrimp cake was perfectly done.
3	The decor of the store is lacking, but don't let it discourage you from trying it out.  I've had lots of pho in different major cities, and this one is pretty much right on par.  Not bad, but not great either. The broth was fine, the tendons were super soft (I like mine a bit firmer) and the portion was good.   A large bowl for the standard pho with rare beef, brisket, tendons, tripe, and meatballs ran 8.50, which is about right.This was my first pho experience in Las Vegas so I can't comment on its comparison to its competitors, but I would definitely say it gets the job done although not spectacularly.
4	I come here for the pho. I've been to the other ones but this place reminds me of my grandmother's cooking therefore I am a repeat offender. I've been here multiple times but this is the first time I left a review. Their service is decent and their prices are fair ($8ish). I will come back.
3	My friends and I visited this place because of the 4 stars review on Yelp.  Like other reviews stated, it's located in a strip mall that slightly hard to find.  If you use Apple maps, it will get you in the vicinity but you have to a bit harder to find this little establishment.  Three of us ordered Pho and two ordered Bun Bo Hue. Three of us agreed that the soup in pho was lacking the depth in flavor that we would normally find in Little Saigon.  The other two who ordered Bun Bo Hue had favorable comments - highly recommended.  Therefore, the next time we go here will be for the BBH.Other notes about this restaurant.Water - Please add reverse osmosis filter.  The water was awful!Ice Coffee - not recommended.  They need to use better flavor beans like Arabica, not Robusta.
1	How do your run out of food.... Was looking forward to eating over here... But not anymore.
1	There are many better places to get Pho in Vegas than here. It's located in a run down building, a definite hole in the wall. The atmosphere isn't too great either. They messed up my order, which was as basic as can be. Would definitely not recommend.
3	I was actually pretty excited to try to place to wrap up my trip to Vegas. I have to say I was a little disappointed. This place is small and looks like a hole-in-the-wall joint that would be very good. The wait is pretty bad if you come with a big party, expect to be separated into two groups. I want to say we waited for around an hour for 7 people. I ordered the Bun Bo Hue because apparently that's their signature item. I found it to be bland and they also weren't too generous with the meat. On another note, my friend ordered a rice plate and it literally did not come out until almost all of us were done eating. We had to ask them about it twice. Its pretty hard to get the servers attention here since its pretty busy. They did take that order off of our check though.
4	I've been to a few good and not so good Pho restaurants in the last few years and this one is a nice find.  Soup was a 7.5 out of 10. Could have gotten a higher score with a better cut of beef.  Over all the broth was excellent and there was enough noodles and condiments to go with it.  Service was a little better than most Vietnamese places as well.  Some folks mention the location as being a bit sketchy but I didn't see anything wrong with it.  I'd definitely be back when in Vegas.
2	We were in Vegas, saw this place had 4 stars so stopped in for a quick bite.  Their signature dish is bun bo hue, which is one of my absolute favorite dishes.  I'm originally from northern Virginia, where they know how to do it right.  So, this place has a lot of learning to do when it comes to vietnamese spices.  The bun bo hue lacked so much flavor- it tasted like salted brown water with red coloring floating on top.  The blood cake tasted not right.  I asked the server why it was sooo bland and he said there's separate seasoning they add when they serve it, like in the vietnamese region of hue. Well heck, I ordered bun bo hue, not watered down whatever it is you served me.  My husband had a rice dish with egg rolls, shrimp cake and nem. He said the shrimp cake was good but the nem (pork sausage) had zero flavor.  We live in Hawaii and were hoping for some great VN food in LV but this place was disappointing.  We always want to support local hole in wall eateries.  Work on your spices and seasonings, Pho Bosa.  We might try you again next time, but probably not.
5	Best pho and best Vietnamese food in Vegas, there is no close second,Service is excellent and prompt, don't let the humble exterior and interior deter you, the food is top notch, very clean and organize.I might dare to say, perhaps the best pho and vietnamese food in America, keep in mind I am from Cali and have had Vietnamese food from Vietnam and all over the west coast. Martha Stewart has even been here....I highly recommend
2	This restaurant reminds me of an abusive relationship. One server was extremely nice and the other almost made my friend cry. Beside that the food was extremely authentic. We left with mystery meat stuck in our teeth.
5	Looked for Pho places around my job and this little gem came up. Soooo thankful to find this place.. First off there was no line like the other pho places and it was decently priced. I ordered #73 which was brisket and need balls and I have to say this place is number 1 so far here in Las Vegas. I loved the soup and the noodles. Everything was so fresh and super clean. They give you tons of napkins and the cold water with lemon keels flowing instead of waiting 10-15 min for another fill up. I just hope one day this establishment will stay opener later. Also for checking in they have a $2.99 coupon for a dessert and it's for a limited time only. I didn't get a chance to use it but next time I will if they still have the offer.
2	I have been a great fan of pho since i came to this country for 24 years.  My family of 11 was in vegas for vacation and we were craving for pho which we all love.  We stopped to this place because of this raving  review and we could not believe of those review.  It is small outdated decor with no customer to start out with.  Pho broth was fine, but the portion was small(noodle and greens are all in small portion), service was below average, and moreover, they charged $1 per onions we ordered which was the first in 24 years(we ordered 5 onions)  we all ended up eating a bowl of pho + extra noodle + extra onion in all extra charge!   I am giving 2 star because the broth was fine.   WE SHALL NOT BE BACK!  be honest yelp.  This cannot be 4 star.
1	It doesn't even deserved a star. Worst place ever. The pho is small. They have hidden charges, they try to rip us off by charging 12 bowls when we order 10 bowls. They also charge us for ice, 20% hidden service fee. They didn't change menu, so the food we order actually cost more. Don't eat here. Worst place and a cheating lair place. Rip off..
5	Just AMAZING!!! 1st time eating Pho and it was awesome. Great service great food. Highly recommed anybody in the vegas area to check ot out!!!
5	Very hard to find and looks very odd from the outside or whether or not the restaurant is open, but seriously worth the find.   Amazingly good food especially the broken rice plate.  Better than the other three restaurants that we ate in Vegas and was great.  This place was even better.   Comparable to one of the other top broken rice restaurant that we ate in San Jose.  Pho was also better than the other two top Pho restaurants we ate in Vegas.
3	This was just ok.  Nothing really special about them.  I ordered korean beef short robs combo that came with shredded pork loin, egg quiche,  and pork egg rolls.  Overall..just ok. The shredded pork was good but had a weird grain or texture that I couldn't figure out.  My boyfriend ordered beef pho...it was good. Thw soup had good flavor.Not the best in town...my favorite is still Pho Saigon 8.
5	Pho Bosa is Amazing!  Fam and I were looking for something different and this was perfection.  First off we are vegan/vegetarian so we had quite a few questions about their menu. Service was excellent!  Our waiter, Moses was very knowledgeable and very accommodating. He thought of everything!  The food was just as good if not better! Super fresh and fortifying! Simply Delicious!
1	First off, service is terrible here. Didn't get to order until 10 minutes and the servers don't even bother to make eye contact with you. We finally ordered and the table behind us got their food before mines and they came way after me. I had to leave after waiting 30 minutes and the appetizers weren't even served yet. There's better choice and price for vietnamese food like Kim Do couple blocks away. The prices there is cheaper than this place and bigger.$7.95 for pho dac biet at Kim Do instead of $8.50 at Pho Bosa. $3.50 for nem neuong at Kim Do instead of $5.50 at Pho Bosa.Don't come here to eat! The place is small and not welcoming. I came here on a Monday too.
4	Location is a little weird, definitely a bit "hole-in-the-wall" but we liked the food. Found this place off Yelp. We were craving pho before we hit the road back to San Diego. There was a wait when we got there, the host was very nice though. He offered me water while we were waiting because I wasn't feeling very well. Once we got seated we ordered:- 3 large bowls of beef pho- Thai Tea- Spring RollsIt was all tasty. I would def come here again.
5	The outside of this place looked like it the food was going to taste like crap.  The outside of the building was such a turnoff that I wanted to leave.  What made me change my mind was the reviews and ratings.  I am glad we didn't leave.  My friends and I ordered #72-74.  Our pho bowls were all pretty similar.  They consisted of rare steak, fish balls, and other meats.  Every dish was really really good.  I was amazed.  The bowls were huge too.  Large sized.  There was so much noodles in our bowls.  We ate until we were suffed to the max.  You can also tell if a place is good if the place is packed and there's a waiting list.  This place had both!  Totally wasn't not a disappointment.
4	This place was great! Ive been having trouble finding good, or even decent food out here in Vegas, this place does good Vietnamese food. I had pho, their broth is the most unique ive had, different, but good. And ive been to plenty of good pho restaurants. My girl friend had vermicelli with chicken that was also really good. The location is just a little sketchy looking though lol.
4	Food: According to their website and menu, they're known for their broken rice dishes. They take pride in being the best in Vegas. It wasn't until later that they started serving pho due to popular demand. This was my first time eating here and I was in the mood for pho, so I ordered their pho dac biet and their pork Spring rolls. Both were pretty dang good for this hungry guy and if pho isn't their specialty, you can bet that I'll be back next time to try one of their broken rice dishes!Service: Service was pretty good. I was seated right away. Even with a huge party of about 20 people and smaller groups already there when I got there, I never did once felt neglected by the waitstaff.Location: It is located in a not so nice area of Vegas. There's nothing aesthetically pleasing about the place. It's not quite located in the thriving Chinatown just further West down the road on Spring Mountain. You'll have to turn onto Polaris Ave to get into the parking lot. Inside the restaurant can get pretty warm. They currently do not have working air conditioning, but they do have several huge fans running to help with the heat. It's actually tolerable if you happen to be eating a hot bowl of pho.
5	A must visit spot anytime I'm in Vegas now.Best dish...hands down the sausage rolls. I've only had them in Southern California and was so glad to find them here. I only wish I could find a place in Northern California that served these as well.Pho is legit.Portions are good.Price is right.
1	Terrible terrible food!!!!! I can't believe it has 4 stars! Chicken didn't look or taste like chicken, not sure what it was. Vegetarian pho smelled like beef. I would never go back even if they paid me to eat it.
4	bun rieu is bomb
5	the best pho in vegas - and that's the truth. Maybe I haven't explored enough pho places in the area but the pho here was even better than what I get in LA. We drove here and was very discouraged from entering. It is in a shady area and you absolutely would not see this place if it wasn't for the epilepsy inducing light outside. My friend wanted to leave but I insisted on trying it and had the best meal I had on my vegas trip. A. MUST. TRY.
1	This place is absolutely disgusting. I'm not sure what they serve as chicken, but it's definitely NOT chicken. And don't bother coming here if your vegetarian, the pho broth is beef even though the woman will tell you its vegetable. Don't know how this place is still in business.  SKIP THIS PLACE!
5	We used to frequent Pho Bosa when we first moved to Las Vegas. It was close to where we were staying, it was absolutely delicious, and we got lots of food for a relatively low price. Also, Vanessa and Moe are very friendly and we love coming by to say hi to them. They were the first nice locals we met in Las Vegas.I ate a lot of pho during the hottest months of the summer, which is another testament to how good the food is. If it's over a hundred degrees outside and I'm still ordering hot soup, it has to be pretty exceptional! We live further away from Chinatown now and don't have Vietnamese food nearly as often, but once I tasted it here, I couldn't bring myself to go anywhere else. I really want to explore the menu and I have branched out from time to time, nothing has ever disappointed me. What keeps me coming back is Vanessa's pho broth! I have never in my life tasted a more amazing pho broth. It is the perfect comfort food. When I am sick and craving my mom's food, I get some of their spicy pho and it always helps me feel better. I could drink a whole bowl of it with nothing added in, but it only gets better with more ingredients. They put a generous amount of meat and noodles and broth in there each time, I feel like they've got the ratio just right. I never feel like they skimp on anything. I always get my pho with rare sliced beef, and with egg rolls in the fish sauce. The egg rolls are the perfect compliment to the savory broth. All the vegetables are fresh, and so is the meat. I'm really picky about the meat I eat, especially red meat, but I love all the different meats they serve here (I've had beef and pork). The service is friendly, the food comes out to you reasonably fast, and I split my order with my boyfriend, but when we finish we are both full! I love this place and can't recommend it highly enough.
4	My girlfriend was craving asian while vacationing vegas so decided on pho.  Just searched on Yelp for pho and Pho Bosa was the first in the list so picked here....Service very good.  A mixture of Viet and black staff.  The americans were conscientious and served with a happy attitude.  Mind you, Asian restaurants--esp. Viet and Chinese--are not known for exceptional service....I'm not a pho expert and have trouble differentiating between good and bad pho...  Is it the noodles?  Clear or murky broth better?  As long as you pass the taste test, your pho is fine with me!  Passed!  Portion was definitely good for a large bowl.What deserves mention are their summer rolls.  I think they add a column of spring roll wrapper in the summer roll.  This added a crunchy texture that won me over.  I gladly helped my gf finish her share when she got full!  Here is a pic of their summer roll... the crunchy goodness comes from the column on the left... http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pho-bosa-las-vegas?select=pDC37VraokbrQZGObeRIWg#U03LDP_MSFhgyH2h0h1s7A.Good pho, great service.  Summer rolls are a must!  I'm a fan!
2	Being from the L.A. area, I felt the food wasn't as fresh, and the serving sizes were smaller than I'm used to.  I could overlook the location and decor for exceptional food, but it did not meet my expectations.
5	Was so good!! I didn't have pho but I had #77, which had mashed up crab and bay shrimp, and the spicy flavor reminded me of the south which I thought was weird.  We also had these light and crispy shrimp cakes, even the spring rolls were better than the average spring roll!  I like the location, I just wish it had later hours or was 24 hr.
5	First time having Vietnamese....... OH MY GOSH... To die for.  The staff was extremely nice and helpful and explained everything on the menu to me, I had the broken rice with Korean short ribs, egg rolls & egg combination as well as the sausage spring rolls AND a fresh coconut. WOW
1	Food: averageService: averageEthics: shadyI usually don't review bills and just pay. Glad I did this time. I asked our waitress what 2 questionable items are for (non of them labeled) and she played it off looking at our table and saying she made a mistake. It wasn't busy. I left a $1 tip, she questioned me if it was accurate. Tips are discretionary and that's all she deserved. While it didn't take a long time for our food to come out, she never checked on us, my water didn't get filled until I was almost done. Note, their sign says their food can take 10-20 minutes to come out, double if they're busy. It's a pho restaurant, not fine dining.
5	Fantastic food.Yum !Yum!When your in Vegas try it!!Love the coffee with sweet milk!!
3	After a night of partying, we wanted pho and decided to give Pho Bosa a try. I didn't like the pho broth (it was a little too cinnamon or anise-y), but the portion sizes of the meat, noodles and broth were generous. We liked the egg rolls and appreciate the plethora of items provided to stuff in the lettuce wrap, including noodles! We thought the nem nuong rolls, while not bad, were better at Brodard in the OC.Service was a little slow. I might come back to try the other soups (bun rieu and bun bo hue), but I don't think I'd get the pho here again. Broth is everything!
5	Freaking awesome bbh and that's the gist of it.I had the bun nem nuong and I took pix of the emptied bowl. Also that's the gist of that.Any question visit this joint and find out yelpians
4	My love for Vietnamese food extended to Las Vegas! After partying hard at Marquee and Drais, this was a great way to remedy my hangover feeling. The restaurant is hidden in an plaza and hard to spot from the street. It's about $10 cab ride from the strip. When my friends and I came in, the restaurant is dainty and probably would fit a maximum of 30-40 people. We were seated in the back of the restaurant. My friends ordered Pho and I ordered Bun Bo Hue (my all time fave). The service was a little slow, but worth the wait when Bun Bo Hue was served to me. The broth was to die for!! One of my friends tasted my broth before she received her Pho and she also agreed that it was delicious. She felt distaste after tasting the broth, her Pho seemed mediocre. This place also had a check-in deal for Che (three colored drink, $2.99), which was also delicious!I will definitely come back!
5	What a great Sunday lunch! On our way through on i15 and it was very convenient off the freeway. The pho and bun were both amazing. Not even going to bother finding other vietnamese places when we are back in town the next few months. Make sure you grab a thai iced tea as well.
4	Best nem nuong in town! Also, great bun rieu noodle and bun bo. Tried their oxtail soup for the first time. It was ok, not as great as I had expected. The service is great and friendly. Always check in to see if we need anything and refill our drinks. We always make a visit here when we're in sin city.
5	Excellent Bun Bo Hue, Bun Rieu, pork spring rolls and fried pork egg rolls. I've visited Pho Bosa four times and it was delicious every time. Quality that rivals shops in San Gabriel and Westminster!Their regular beef pho broth is heavier on the cinnamon side. I recommend sticking to bun bo hue or bun rieu which is what they specialize in.
4	the location was off the 15 free way on spring mountain very close. The exterior was very dark and you cant see the restaurant from the outside bec. of the dark windows. Its located in a peculiar looking business establishment with offices around it. The food was good plain and simple. We ordered the spring roll which was fresh and made by them unlike other restaurant that served you frozen spring roll. The other food were the beef and pork topping with rice served with pickles which was good for our taste sweet and spicy. The last item we ordered was the clear soup with shredded beef and balls. This is one of their specialty soup in the restaurant and it was worth it. The price is around 10 bucks for the soup and 9 bucks for the beer and pork topping with rice.  Service was what you expect in a small Asian restaurant very passive. The inside was clean and service was quick.
1	The lady who took our order was rude as fuck lol. Okay bye!! Hahhaa pho kim luong it is. Don't go here to eat, they have terrible customer service lmao
4	The Bun Bo Hue here is pretty good.  A lot of ingredients.  The soup taste full of flavor.  The pork hock was not soft though.  Tendon was super soft.  There was no pork blood.  They said that the market isn't even selling pork blood right now.  Not sure why there is a shortage. They gave more meat to compensate for the pork blood shortage.Happy Bun Boing!!
4	Absolutely delicious food, service is awesome, small but comfy location.  Only 4/5 stars because when it gets busy parking is hard to find and dining area isn't big which could be a problem if you are holding a party of 20 people or more.
5	We came here on a Monday around 11am. We were seated and received our food quite fast. #77 on the menu was amazing and full of flavor. We got the crunchy spring rolls and those did not dissapoint :)
4	Great little hole in the wall Pho shop a couple of doors down from Chinatown. It's tucked on a side of a industrial / retail complex just before the 15 freeway. Their two signature dishes is the Crab Pho and Bun Bo Hue. Both are very good. We also had the pork sausage wrap with was excellent. Plenty of Parking. Service was OK. All Major credit cards accepted.
5	My sister lives in northern Washington, and has been carving good pho since the last time she came to Las Vegas.  We decided to give this place a shot, and it didn't disappoint.  She got the crab pho, I went with the usual beef everything.  Got an order of their pork spring rolls as well.  Everything was excellent.  The food came out fast, the guy working the front counter/waiting did an excellent job, keeping us topped up on drinks and just providing extremely friendly service.  He even gave us some samples of their "world's best coffee", both of which my sister drank and pronounced as pretty good.I'll definitely be back again.
1	Poor customer service. Just because it's a small place so it gets pack easily, they don't care for return customers or their services. They don't care for your business.
3	Looks can be deceiving. This place is in a creepy motel lot? I was really sick and needed some pho. A good bowl of pho could cure a common cold, or at least, hasten the process.  How I wished for a good bowl of pho.  Hubby was looking forward to bun bo hue, their specialty. We got there before 7pm and they were sold out.  Okay. we ordered  pho and bun rieu. Pho lacked the beefy flavor and heavy on the cinnamon and anise. The bun rieu was good. Really good that my girl even liked it, and she doesn't like crab. That's saying a lot. The service was good. I would go back for bun rieu.
5	I was iffy about this place because it was mostly empty inside and the only reason we came here was because the other pho place had a huge line. I had the pho tai. I think it is one of the best I ever had. The soup was so delicious and noodle was cooked perfectly.  Better than any pho I had in Los Angeles.  Will miss this taste.
5	This is the best kept secret in Chinatown - but not for long.  You can't keep great food and service silent in this town for long.  Yes, it is a bit hidden from the main areas of Chinatown and the place is small, but this is the second time I went to this place with out of town guests - which is rare for me.  If you want to get a delicious meal that not many people know about unless their on yelp - you definitely have to try Pho Bosa - plus the staff are very friendly!! 10 stars in my book.
5	Very good. Broth was tasty
4	This was a cute spot.  Heard a lot of great things about their other dishes.  Has decent service and us nice and clean.  I was slightly disappointed in the Pho Tai.  I believe it was cut with chicken broth because of the tell tale yellow fat bubbles floating on the top that you don't get many of in a pure beef broth. I would go again for other dishes
