5	I understand why this place has no reviews.....you must lie at the pool after you go to show it off.  Most amazing place.  2 gay guys own it....they are so sweet.  Amazing airbrush tan, that looks so natural!  MY friend tans here all the time and loves it.  amazing service and you get a free 944 mag.  hell-o!  love it.Do yourself a favor and come here straight from the airport and get airbrushed and then head to the strip (it's on the way).  The best airbrush I have found anywhere, you are golden brown and they are perfectionists! no oompa loompa toes or hands.  Please open one in SF I will be forever grateful.love you guys, I will be back soon!
5	Terry gave me the best spray tan ever during my last trip to Vegas!!  A must if you are staying on the strip.  My hotel pool was closed but I went back home and all my girls were so jealous of my sassy bronzed look  :)
5	I am super white.  White like copy paper.  I scarcely venture out in the daylight and never pick up any color on the rare occasion I am out.  I decided last week I wanted to get a spray tan but I am so over those gas chamber-esque spray tan booths.  I used to go to Neon Sun and they keep it super cold in there.  Than you get sprayed with cold solution.  It was like torture.  I was always all streaky too.  So over it.  On a recommendation from a friend (thanks Angelina) I headed over to Bronzed. Bronzed is located in a shopping plaza across from the Hard Rock.  Same plaza as Kaizen Sushi and Red Mango.  The idea of a custom spray tan awkward at first.  I mean I'm no prude but the idea of taking your clothes off and having someone spray you with a solution hooked up to an air compressor while you stand there is slightly unusual.   There isn't a better way to accomplish the results achieved here.  I'll definitely be back for more.  Terrific results.  The staff is very professional the the facility is very clean and stylish.  Fair prices too.
5	I cannot say anything else except.....Incredible!
5	I went to get bronzed with my maid of honor the day before my wedding.  The guy that does them (I can't remember his name) was very helpful, made me feel comfortable and got through the spraying pretty quick (cause it is COLD).  He even offered for us to come and take care of any touch ups that we might need in case the tan got rubbed off (I was getting a manicure right afterwards).  But we were really careful and the tan turned out great!  It's nice to know that even such a pale person like me can actually have a nice, natural tan and look great in our wedding pictures the very next day!!!  Just remember to wear dark clothes when going because when you put your clothes back on, the dye will rub off on it. And be aware of sweating!  I had a little dye problem right under my boobs from not having the bra on afterwards and the moisture from my boobs to my chest.  But when I washed off the dye the next morning, you couldn't even tell :)  I would SOOOO go back there!
5	Thanks to the advice of fellow Yelpers, I went to Bronzed during my most recent business trip to Vegas for a custom spray tan. The tan was totally even, really natural looking, and lasted for a full week. I cannot recommend this place highly enough!!! Even more impressive was the fact that they made me feel completely comfortable, casual, and even beautiful as I stood stark naked in a small room with a complete stranger who directed me to strike unladylike poses while airbrushing my beyond-porcelain skin. Jackie M. is right: stop off at Bronzed as soon as you get into town...and I guarantee you'll feel fab-oo sporting the stripperific dresses you can only wear in Sin City.
5	I heart this place! The versa spa is awesome, I don't think I could ever go anywhere else!
5	Awesome custom airbrushing & awesome service.
5	Found these guys on Yelp; was in Vegas for a wedding.  Went to the durango location.  I'd only done GLO tan before - there system is WAY better.  Great application - it even dries you off! Keep the thongs on though - otherwise the bottom of your feet will be tan!  The owner was in this location - very nice - seems like a lady w/a story for sure. Would highly recommend :)
5	I'm now obsessed with this place, I look amazing thanks to Terry.Anyone that knows me knows how much I love my tan.  For real-I got sprayed yesterday at 4 pm, was out and about around 10 and didn't look scary at all, amazing:)  This morning I rinsed lightly and still looks fab, seriously I will be in Vegas once a month now and will ALWAYS come here, Terry was super thorough and quick, but pays great attention to details, so no weird feet or wrists!!!And they have good prices on everything, I checked around and best in this area, $45 for a spray or $30 in spray booth?!  Unreal, and it's clean and not ghetto like some spray tan places.  Absolutely love it!!
5	I chose this place based on other reviews and I am very glad I did. It was probably one of the best spray tans I have had to date . It was very natural and not over done. The gentleman ( I believe he was one of the owners) was professional, friendly, and made me feel comfortable. I was very impressed. I was a tourist in town so I took a cab from the Strip. Round trip it was $20. Alternatively, you could take the Hard Rock Hotel free shuttle bus from the Hard Rock Hotel from the Fashion Show Mall as Bronzed is located across the street from the hotel.
5	Best Spray Tan ever!  Bronzed's tanning solution does not turn you orange or have a weird smell.    I leave there every time with a natural looking tan.    The owners are always there and have showed me several new tanning "tricks" like going in the stand up booth for a couple minutes after spray tanning in the VersaSpa and using their body lotions to make the tan last longer.
5	Just a class act as far as tanning salons go.I don't get airbrush, but know a few people who do, and they say Terry die a great job. It's a slight drive for me, since I don't like to leave my neighborhood, but if this tells you anything... I have three different tanning places on the same street as me,  but I come to bronzed because the service, and just general likeability of the people there.  Enough said!
5	Had my first custom spray tan yesterday after reading reviews. The salon itself is very chic, clean and professional. Terry is an absolute dear man and gave me the best custom spray tan I've ever had. After thoroughly and carefully applying the color, he touches up with brushes, blots excess color and pays extra attention to hands and feet to ensure no funny tanned toes. The color is goooorgeous, even, no white spots, no imperfections at all. Don't bother with anyone else!
5	I only spray tan and this place is Ah-mazing!  The product is top-notch & so are the employees.  I always suggest them.
5	Let me just start out by saying, I get it. Not many people understand why a chocolate African-American hued woman wants to tan. But guess what people its 2012, and the color lines are blurred when it comes to services. We tan too! Yep, I love to lay out in the sun just like the next person. We tan for obviously different reasons, we want to be even in skin tone all over. Also, the bronze, golden look when we tan is to die for. Black folks tan on the extreme West, East, and even South all the time. I wish people would catch up out here and stop acting like I asked for an alien space ship when I ask for this service. Guess what? Bronzed didn't! In fact they welcomed me, didn't blink twice when I arrived, and SprayBoy made me feel totally comfortable. He kept me in laughing, and I left there feeling good, and looking like a bronzed African Princess!I'll be going back so if you see me, try and act as if you have some common sense, and you seen a black person in a tanning salon before! LOLOLOL
5	GREAT salon, wonderful spray tan.  Open late & fantastic staff!  Perfect for locals or if you're in town visiting!  Give them a try & you won't be disappointed!
5	Went back for another spray tan for a wedding...lemme just say, well, I've gained some weight since my last visit. I was quite self-concious exposing my nakedness & translucent skin-tone to anyone other than my man.  Spray-boy made me squeel like a pig laughing the whole session, he made me feel so comfortable!   Great place, awesome spray-dude! I heart him!
5	My mini-vacay in a strip mall. I LOVES me some Bronzed! This place is the best of the best in Las Vegas to get your tan on. I get airbrushed by Terry & I'm faithful to him. He is HILARIOUS! And he's a pro. He's fast yet sprays you to total perfection. Most importantly, he makes you feel comfortable, in spite of the fact you are standing butt ass naked in front of some strange guy you don't know yet. You see... Terry is far from being some strange guy! Just think of him as the long lost gay BFF you never had. You'll instantly feel like you and him go way back and there will be zero worries whatsoever. I never leave Bronzed without a glowing "just got back from a tropical island tan" along with a big ole smile on my face. You'll feel relaxed and rejuvenated... Just like a real vacation, only much cheaper and you won't have to sweat the impending credit card bill for the whole next month afterward. They have really convenient hours at Bronzed so no stress in that department either. None of that "island time" bullshit over here. That Terry guy sure works his butt off to keep us Vegas bitches looking HOT year round and we all love him for it! Plus, they give out Starburst candies, which I personally love to splurge on (just like I would if I was on holiday) and I raid the pink ones so make sure you save some for me! I've been hoping for some of the saucy streaking episodes that I read about in the reviews here but so far no cheap thrills yet... Damn!! Maybe I'll have to go and get my liquid courage on at the hookah lounge next door and come provide the entertainment someday because no vacation is thoroughly complete without at least one drunken wild and crazy streaking adventure. Come on people! This is Vegas. We have a reputation to uphold here. ;)
5	Terry is just a tanning godsend! He is the custom spray tan expert who will have you going from a ghostly white to looking like you spent two weeks beach hopping!You won't even mind standing in front of this man completely naked. He owns the fact he is gay and is really professional. He'll even contour the lines of your body to make you look like you spent some serious time working those abs lately! The other staff is really amazing as well knowledgeable, friendly and fun!I thought a place so close to the strip would hike their rates up but that's not the case! They are competitively priced and even offer a 25% off industry/local discount! I will never tan anywhere else!
5	In Vegas on vacay and wanted to get my glow on. I loved my spray tan experience! Terry was so kind and enthusiastic about tanning, even though he's been doing it for 15 years! The front desk girl even gave me skip the line passes for Surrender nightclub after my appointment. I was very pleased with my experience and would definitely go back. I just wish I could have been powdered after my tanning appointment as a talc-free powder will cut down on the tackiness of the tan, but I'm not holding that against Bronzed as it is merely a preference of mine. Once set my tan looked so natural and I felt fantastic! Definitely check it out if you are in the area, best spray tan experience ever!
5	On my Vegas to-do list, first things first... get spray tanned.  However, I was crunched for time and thank goodness Yelp helped me found this Spray Tan King, Terry.  He made me feel so comfortable, the first time I've ever been spray tanned by a guy but he was gay and really professional and he was crackin me up the whole time.  I was so happy that he was able to squeeze me in the middle of the day.  He had 25 appts after and he is open til midnight!  That should tell you something... that this boy is in high demand!   When I came out of my session, I had the perfect hue I was looking for.  I didn't look like a burned orange, just that perfect brown sugar bronze that I wanted.   Thanks Terry!  I'll coming back for sure.
5	This review is long overdue, and I just thought to write now as I'm coming back to Vegas this month.  I'm seriously thinking of renting a car for the sole purpose of coming to this salon.I had a personal/custom spray tan from Bronzed the day before my wedding (10/8/11) and it looked AMAZING.  I'm very fair and this looked natural, yet perfectly tan.  For the first time, I liked the way I looked without clothing because of this tan.  It was perfect.I've been a long time spray tanner using the VersaSpa, and I feel like I can't go back after how great the customized tan looked.The only thing is that you are basically naked in front of a stranger that gets up close to administer the tan.  However the staff is very professional and makes you feel comfortable.
5	Great Service, Great Location, And Reasonably Priced.  SOLID A
5	I usually try to remember all the awesome establishments I've patronized and try to do a lump of rave reviews, and then I remembered Bronzed! I had a spray tan done by a really nice girl (forgot her name, sorry) back in April.  She was very attentive to spots I thought she might've missed and even entertained my request for an extra coat.  Very nice spray tan and no one even noticed it was a spray on unless I told them!  I got the 3-pack for $79! :) Love them!!
5	I own an airbrush tanning salon in Portland (Eclipse Airbrush Tanning) so I guess I am what you could call an expert. I like to get tans whenever I travel to see if there is anything my salons could improve upon. I have had thousands of airbrush tans and hundred's of different salons. The only tans that I have had that were as good as the one I got here were ones from so called "airbrush tanners to the stars" for $200 a pop and up. I could not have done a better job myself. The tan was perfect. The location is a short cab ride from the strip. One Tip: If it is hot out pay the cabbie to wait for you so you don't have to sweat walking to the taxi stand. The rate in Vegas is $30 per hour for waiting. Ask the cab when he picks you up if he is willing so you can know for sure he will do it. I also loved, loved, loved their tan in a can product. The only criticism I have was that the smell which was tropical smelled a little rummy to me. I want to smell like a coconut not coconut rum. But If I lived in Vegas and I was not in the biz I would still buy this product again and again and this would be a regular spot for me.
5	Great tan fair price great guy
5	The best spray tans I have ever had. Everyone that works there made me feel very comfortable and welcomed. Terry is very skilled at spray tanning and pays attention to detail. No streaking or odd orange color. Blends the spray so it looks natural where it meets your palms and feet. I love this place so much that I wait till I get to Las Vegas to spray tan rather than doing it back in my hometown before I leave for vacation. Located across the street from hard rock hotel and casino. Convenient if you are staying there and also worth taking a short cab ride there if you are staying somewhere else in the area. Will be back next time for sure.
5	Came in from out of town and was very concerned because you never know if you can trust what is on the internet, but Bronzed has restored my faith. They are so professional and the airbrush tan looked awesome! Not fake or orange looking! Great experience and would definitely recommend!
5	Been on vacation from out of town find this place with the help of Yelp, Very happy with the service!!!
5	I have been tanning for years and right when I walked in I knew this place was great! Great beds. Great products. I don't bed tan anymore so I appreciated there spray tan solution.
5	This place is clean and the staff is friendly! The Versa Spray Tan is the best, and the dark bronze tan will make you glow all weekend. Custom spray tans and traditional tanning beds are available too! Enjoy the Buddha vibe while you get your 'Glow On' in Vegas!
5	I found this place after checking out Yelp for good airbrush tans. I am so glad I came here. Terry did my airbrush tan and he is such a doll. "Arms out gorgeous...chin up gorgeous...turn around gorgeous..." Not only is he awesome at what he does, but he makes you feel like a queen while he's custom spraying you to your heart's content. Bronzed is open late so you can get spray tanned before hitting the sheets and wake up basking in a beautiful bronzed glow. They have great prices and discounts when you purchase packages of the same service. If you're looking for great service and an even better tanning experience, go to Bronzed.
5	I just moved here from LA and after reading the other reviews I decided to give them a try. The owner Terry sprayed me and he was great! He made me feel very comfortable and my tan came out the perfect color.
5	Great tanning salon!!! I LOVE THE STAFF.   Been tanning here since last year when I moved to Vegas.  They are very professional and always willing to explain the machine if you dont understand.  I have a monthly unlimited pass and it is worth it.  They are closed late most of the time!  Late night session of the tanning bed, I say YES:)
5	This place is the best around. Living in southern highlands there are many tanning options, However I travel all the way to Bronzed for the best! It is conveniently located close to the strip so even If your here on vacation it is a short cab ride from any hotel/casino on the strip. They have very reasonable prices and will work with you to find a package that fits your needs. Best quality spray tan around and more than half the cost of competitors. I highly recommend you go see Britt and Terry to get bronzed!
5	This is my first ever Yelp review! I had to create an account to tell everyone how fabulous Bronzed is. I am from out of town, and pretty picky about where I tan. Checked out yelp reviews and found this place. I was very impressed! Staff is welcoming and courteous. The 24 minute high pressure bed was amazing. Bulbs seemed very bright. Clean and well staffed with a great selection of lotions. Eyewear provided. Can't wait to go back and tan later this week before flying home.
5	Got a spray tan last night, woke up with an amazing glow! I don't think I'll ever spray tan anywhere else again. They even had an opening for the same day. Christina was my tech and she was so nice & down to earth. I am definitely going back soon!
5	This place is fabulous! I just moved to Vegas and needed a place that does a great spray and this is definitely it! The staff is super friendly and make you feel comfortable their hours are very flexible wish is great because my schedule can be difficult at times. My tan always comes out perfect so I bought a package of 5 and they are also very reasonably priced. I never go anywhere else for a spray and you will never be orange here they use there own formula and it makes you the perfect bronzed glowing color :)
5	Excellent customer service and satisfaction here. Convenient location close to the Las Vegas strip. Being an entertainer I tan here often for these reasons. They always make sure their customers are happy.
5	My tan looks amazing!!!!! The girl did such a great job! I went to work right after, and this is probably the only spray tan I have ever had that didn't have that weird odor. She said they make their own solution.  I am sold!!!! Also, if you buy a package of spray tans it's obviously cheaper, but they never expire AND can be used at their other location :) Success!!
5	I found this place from Yelp and booked Terry. Very upbeat, positive guy, who turned that awkward situation (my first) into fun. But most importantly, the result was great. Their solution did not smell bad at all, and my gorgeous tan lasted almost 3 weeks.
5	I've been getting custom spray tans here for about a year now. Terry, the owner, mixes solutions to create the perfect golden color for your own skin tone. I don't like to tan in the beds or out in the sun, so this is the best alternative. People constantly compliment me on my tan and are so surprised when I tell them it's a spray. It's the closet thing to a real golden glow and it's much better for your skin. The spray lasts about a week, so once it begins to fade, I scrub as much as I can off, and get another. I get a spray every week & I am completely satisfied with the results every time! I typically get a spray at night, so I can sleep on it and take a shower the next morning. The spray smells a little, but I would rather have a light scent than wrinkly skin when I'm older. The smell goes away after you shower anyways. Everyone looks better tan, so I highly suggest custom spray tanning with Terry. You will be amazed at how great you look and will be hooked just like me.
5	Custom airbrush tanning by Terry I could not live without. Tan comes out perfect every time. Flawless
5	Terry is by far THE best in the biz! Get a airbrush bundle of tans... Because you WILL return and use them!
5	Love, Love, Love this place! I have seen Terry and Sara and they are wonderful, and so much fun! I have been spray tanning for special occasions for years and they are one of the best! The solution they use is perfection! The color comes out wonderful for this pale, irish gal! Now I see why out of towners come in especially to see them! The price is fantastic as well! Worth every penny!
5	The owner is absolutely fantastic! I came in the night before my wedding this past week. The spray tan worked wonders. Just like he recommended I had an even and light glow that was perfect for the big day and the days following. I felt completely comfortable and relaxed. Thank you SOOOO much!!! Don't go anywhere else!!
5	You wouldn't believe the crazy looks I get upon exclaiming that my skin never sees the sun without being slathered in SPF 1 jillion sunblock.  Thanks to Terry at Bronzed I can obtain and maintain perfectly even, sun kissed skin year round.  I can do this without having to worry about the health of my skin. Terry is the real deal!  He mixes his own solution which he personally sprays on to give you custom results. He is absolutely hysterical and makes every appointment something I look forward to. The salon is cute and always clean.  The staff is very well trained. I've also been sprayed by Sara and she also does a fantastic job!  You can even schedule your appointment online at bronzedlv.com. So the next time you have a date, event, or just the confidence boost that comes from great looking skin, stop here and I promise you won't be disappointed! Closet pasty Irish girl out!
5	Amazing service. Stand up beds are tip top  so helpful and informative. We tanned twice and then got airbrush spray tans for an event. They were so professional and the tans were perfect for the two day event - see the photos!
5	Been to many other tanning salons, no one compares to Bronzed. The staff is very friendly and professional. They offer a wide variety of tanning products and tanning beds. I definitely recommend Bronzed to everyone!
5	Had a spray tan done for my wedding and it turned out perfect! They were so helpful in explaining what exactly to do and not to do to make the tan last!
5	I was referred to Terry by my aesthetician who is also a dancer and has high standards for quality/service, so I knew he had to be the best at custom spray tans in Las Vegas. The front desk staff is always very pleasant and has Starbursts for you to snack on. Terry is extremely professional, so I would recommend this place to those of you who are reluctant to get naked in front of a complete stranger. He makes you feel like what you are doing is completely common place. He's seen everything there is to see, so he isn't judging you by any means, and instead tells you that you are fabulous a majority of the time. Just follow the directions they provide for pre and post spray, and you'll be fine and avoid that Ross spray tan moment from friends "I'm a 16!!!!". I really do fine custom spray tans to be much more natural looking and effetive then machine spray tans. Aside from coming here a couple of times over the summer, my goal was to find a spray tan suitable for my wedding day. They do have a special clear-coated wedding formula available, so I went in about 3 times before my wedding to test the color timing of everything. The color did not fade into the 3 white dresses I wore (bachelorette, rehearsal dinner and wedding dress) and I wasn't overly orange or Snookie-like. Terry is very aware of what looks bad on people and what look people are trying to go for. I honestly loved how everything turned on and this place has set a very high standard for me when it comes to custom spray tans. They have a very useful online system for making reservations ahead of time and do offer spray tan packages that you can use at the Westside location, although I would always suggest coming to the Paradise/Strip location.
