4	I didn't stay here, but hung out in a friend's suite, which was pretty nice.  Another friend won big at the slots, so that was good too.  The pool is super neato, and the location can't be beat.  We went to the house burlesque show and found it to be ridiculous and highly entertaining.http://www.hilton.com/en/hi/hotels/index.jhtml?ctyhocn=LASFLGV
3	Not bad, the action is good and the location isn't bad.
5	I've got to give credit where credit is due. The Flamingo may be the best value in Vegas for those on a budget, but able to spend more than you might at Circus or Trop. Understand that I'm NOT comparing this hotel to the Venetian, Bellagio or even MGM .  I'm comparing it to other mid-range casino resorts on the strip (Bally's , to some extent Aladdin, TI, Monte Carlo, Luxor). Flamingo's location cannot be beat.  If you get a room facing the strip, you'll enjoy floor to celling windows and a view of Ceasars in all it's glory.  Rooms are spacious, clean and comfortable.  Not particularly cheap materials (bedding, countertops) either.   The pool looks pretty incredible, though we were there in November, and the grounds are a nice departure from the urban feel of the strip.  By far the greatest feature of the rooms at Flamingo is the cheap (yes, CHEAP) roomservice.  Flamingo doesn't charge a service charge (usually about 20%) nor does it require a 25% gratuity.  Also, items are fairly priced, considering they're delivered to your room at any hour of the day.  I must have ordered the buffalo chicken wings (not kidding about 12 good sized, spicey wings in an order) for $7.95 (total cost $10 with tip) all three nights that we were in town. Casino isn't much to rave about- sort of small, slot heavy. Very little poker action.  No real stand out bars.  But since you're in the middle of the strip, you can walk (or stagger) a few paces in any direction and find yourself at a suitible gambling spot.
4	There are a few a good reason why I've chosen to stay at the Flamingo Las Vegas for the last 4 out of 5 Vegas trips.  First and foremost, the hotel is central to everything.  Once you park your car, you can pretty much forget about it until you checkout because the Flamingo is within walking distance to everything in the middle of the Las Vegas Strip.  Anyone who's been to Vegas knows how bad the traffic can get so this is worth its weight in gold.  Second, thanks to renovations in the early 2000s, the Flamingo has a pretty nice atmosphere to it.  Sure the color schemes are quite cheesy, but don't forget this is Vegas we are talking about.  The property has a tropical feel to it and in the courtyard they even have live penguins and flamingos for you to visit.  As for the rooms, they are among the most spacious in terms of basic rooms (non-suites).  If you are taking groups, a lot of their rooms connect and there is plenty of floor space.  You'll find pretty much a lot of the standard table games in the casino, and the table minimums are pretty much whatever the going rate is (i.e. $10 blackjack on the weekends).  They have a poker room, and although it is small (~10 tables), I've never had to wait more than 10 minutes for a seat.  Now the big reason that makes me such a big fan of the Flamingo can only be experienced during the summertime-the pool!  It sprawls over 13 acres and has waterslides, waterfalls, islands, you name it.  Its definitely a great place to relax when the 100-degree heat is beating down on you.
3	swanky - nonew and super clean - nofresh smell of roses being wafted through the lobby - no (smells more like smoke.....old smoke....really old smoke)fashionable, chic types hanging out in the bar - noBUT, the rooms were adequate and the pool was large and unpretentious.....if you are looking for luxury and fabulousness....do not stay at the mingo....value - yesideal location - yesbig pool with spitting flamingos and a steaming/smoking waterfall - yesfloating tables you can rent for the pool (with stools attached) - yesloud eighties music played full blast poolside - yespeople in bathing suits who make your "average" body seem like it's meant for the cover of the sports illustrated swimsuit issue my comparison- yesso there you have it, the flamingo has it's pluses and really....the whole relative body image thing about middle america types hanging out at the pool and making me look better, well...to me.....THAT is worth it!also, the grotto at the pool is a nice touch and there was a really nice blackjack dealer in the casino who taught my friends and i to play - so that was goodalso, we met a south african guy at the pool who was very cute and sweet to my friends and i....because of this i will add a point to the number of stars i gave the hotelwould i stay here again?  okay, probably not....but i am a brat when it comes to this type of thing.....i'd rather spend more and live the good life....i NEED new bathrooms and fancy sheets, but for the $$$ well, it was fair.....and also, there's a really funny waiter in the breakfast place who made our whole table laugh REAL HARD.....make sure you get him.....sorry i never got his namep.s. do not use the lotion they leave in the bathroom, it smells funny
2	The first thing I suggest yelp does is remove the Hilton moniker from the Flamingo.  I imagine that the Hilton organization would be deeply offended as to the current status of their once classy casino.  Actually, it has been downhill for the property since it disassociated itself from the Hilton Group, or it was spun off by Hilton, into Park Place, then Caesar's and then most recently Harrah's Gaming.  I had always liked the Flamingo, we have been going there for close to ten years, it offered a lot, great spot on the strip, fantastic pool, great gambling, rooms were nice and the customer service was fantastic.  Now, I'm afraid that her best days are behind her, this once Grande Dame of the strip has lost her luster and has become just another place for low rent "Vegas Tourist" and their ilk to crash. Our most recent stay was 08/2006, it started off just fine, same floor 24th floor view of the fountains at the Bellagio, and then we went on a spiraling tail spin of death. It is necessary for me to preface the following critique with the following, I never stayed at the flamingo because it was cheap, it was a great value, I have stayed elsewhere and travel considerably on business.  I am a Hilton Diamond VIP, Starwood Platinum Preferred. I am not boasting, merely indicating that I have a point of reference.  Furthermore, I hate traveling on business, when it's time for pleasure I seldom put a price on amusement, delectation or diverson.There was construction, beneath and below, the room stunk, the carpet was stained with who knows what, the towels in the room were made of 60 grit sand paper, the pillows were old and stained.  The pool water was murky at best and an unwelcome smell around the lagoon pool that was not what you would expect.  This is particularly despairing, the pool at the Flamingo with the huge waterfall was in my opinion one the best in all of Vegas. Those who know will identify it as the same pool as one of the pools at the Hilton Waikoloa, an absolute gem of a place if there ever was one. Moreover, the wait staff was rude and the bathrooms were terrible.  Then, there was Jim, Jim was the guy in the spa, I nursed many a late night in the steam room and Jim knew how to take care of people.  He greeted you with a smile offered you something to drink and was always super courteous.  Unfortunately Jim retired, Good Luck and God Bless. There's nothing wrong with the new people there, but the place just is not the same. The customer service, I am afraid to say, has vacated most of the building, and it probably took the ghost of Benjamin Siegel with it. There is no satisfaction in mentioning any of these occurrences, actually it saddens me.  Why, the pit bosses and the dealers are and always have been the best.  River, at the craps table, was awesome; he knew by the end of my stay what I played.  $25 on the pass, and always the steak and eggs, unless of course, 6 or 8 were the point, then he made sure I took the odds. We said goodbye to the Flamingo on August 8th, 2006 for good.  We would probably try Caesar's next, yet, it is associated with Harrah's, the equivalent of Wal-Mart in what is now the terrible world of corporate gambling conglomerates.  By the way, nobody knows exactly how the new Total Rewards program works. I asked the same question at most of Harrah's Casino's and not once did I get the same answer.  The question was, "Do my wife and I have a joint account or a separate account".  We asked at Caesar's, Paris, Bally's and of course, "The Flamingo".
3	I was expecting the worst when we checked in.  This place is old (As dan points out - the oldest in LV).  The people there are old.  It smells of smoke (unlike some of the newer places).  And I was pissed because I had picked out Ballys or Paris and my coworker inssited on this place.But I was pleasantly surprised.  It wasn't horrible, but it was clean.  The morning we ordered room service it was ok.  The little sanctuary was cute.  And I could play slots, listen to my ipod and get a very nice free baileys hotchocolate in the casino.All in all - I'd never stay here by choice, but it wasn't bad.
4	In my opinion when you come to Vegas all you really need is a clean and comfy space for a room with a shower that works and a bed that will support your drunken, sleep deprived ass for at least a few hours before you hit the strip again. The Flamingo is just that.It's not the fanciest hotel in the world, but it's conveniently located to things, it's clean, the front desk and room service people are nice and for 100-150 a night, it's a great deal!Their room service is also great, see pics and really I would stay here again anytime.
3	I thought that this hotel was alright.  The place reeked of cigarette smoke (yes, I realize that it was Vegas, and that's what it smells like), and filled with people more than twice my age.  Dining here was alright, but you can find way better.  It was a good value, considering we were only here to sleep and shower.
4	The first hotel I ever stayed at in Vegas.  Brings back great memories.4 out of 5 stars because:- still great location, but old- wonderful pool areaGreat value :-)
4	The only place I stay in Vegas. Great prices. I don't need a fancy room since I only use it to sleep 3 hours. The pool is nice. I love the slide. I love the drinks. I love Vegas!
2	Needless to say, this hotel is one of the older buildings on the block. If you have stayed anywhere else on the Strip, STAY THERE. The only props I gave was the poolside band, King B. They are off the chain. But that may be the alcohol talking.
1	What once was an amazing hotel has gone down the toilet!   I stayed here in the 80's and it was a beautiful hotel at that time.  Lavishly decorated, huge pool and beautiful rose gardens that were from the original owner, Bugsy.   This last trip we decided to go here for lunch and check out the hotel.  The carpet as well as the rest of the hotel looks like it hasn't been cleaned since the 80's!   The original pool is gone, as well as Bugsy's Rose Gardens.   This place has lost all of it's charm.   Lunch was terrible, service was even worse.     I am just so happy we didn't stay here, because if they can't even take care of the main part of the hotel, I can only imagine the state the rooms would be in.   The time has come to just tear this hotel down.
4	Excellent  choice if you want to stay centrally on the Strip and not shell out huge bucks.  It's not CHEAP, but it's no Caesar's.  The amenities aren't as grand, but how long are you in your room/hotel and look at what's in walking distance:  Bellagio, Paris, Bally's, Casear's, Mirage, TI, Wynn.  It's awesome.  I recommend my friends stay here if they're staying on the Strip.
4	There is nothing like a weekend in Vegas with some of the wildest chicks (that I just so happen to call friends) to send off one of our own into marital bliss.  Yup.  Bachelorette Party weekend.  We chose the Flamingo because:1) It's on the strip, relatively close to some of the swankier hotels2) It's cheap3) It's fantasticWhen it comes to hotels, for me, as long as there is a comfy bed with clean linens, air conditioning, a toilet, toilet paper, a sink and a shower with some good water pressure, I'm completely satisfied.They were kind enough to switch some rooms around for us so that we were right next door to each other.  When we asked for extra towels, no problem!The bride won $250 and one of her bridesmaids won $90 at the craps table.  The dealers were a lot of fun and encouraging of our rowdiness.  I lost $25.  I've never been a big gambler so whatever.   My favorite part of the room?  The dark, heavy curtains to keep the blinding desert sun out so I could recover and be ready for night two.  =)
3	Merely by including this on my list of yelps, I risk tarnishing my reputation as an upstanding member of this community and the community at large.  The Flamingo is a dump and while usually room prices reflect this fact, but the perfect storm of fight night, Vince Neal, the Derby, and a charity run over came the outdated interior and less than luxurious amenities (but unlike the other hotels at least they had a room!).  With that intro one should be wondering....why the three stars?!?!  Answer:  A small deposit made in the VIP check in area resulted rooms upgraded to renovated suites with perfect views of the bellagio fountains, VIP treatment and a cabana at the pool with waitresses stoked to deliver $100 bottles of booze.  (At that price for bottle service, (compare at $500+ at other strip casinos) the lack luster scenery can be quickly blurred and more effectively ignored.)High roller treatment for a little more than a grand....that's worth three stars to me.  Note:  the rooms so hilariously garish it is almost worth going to the website to check them out...think clockwork orange but pink.  Note 2: bring your own scenery to the pool, the topless octogenarians may result in a "tribute" to the porcelain god!
4	Free 10 Cane rum drinks at the Flamingo pool?? FREE DRINKS IN VEGAS while not sitting at a table gambling your money away???? Yes, you heard me right. I knew upon arrival to my first bar that this was going to be a magical weekend. I am not at liberty tell you anything more than that.
2	Drinks by the pool at the Flamingo does NOT get 5 Stars from me.  Why?  Because it literally smells like a flamingo's ass out there.  Cocktails and bird poo is a bad combo.Plastic flamingos would have been a better choice.
4	It's hot in Vegas this time of year.  Very hot.  Somehow the pool area of the Flamingo found a way to turn up the heat by offereing free 10 Cane rum from 6pm to 10pm on a Friday in a setting where bikinis were the correct outfit of choice.It started off relatively bar but slowly but surely the place got packed with what looked like LA chodes and chodettes.  Probably not the best for social interaction but at least they provide something decent to look at.  The music was alright and if I had dressed more appropriately (shorts and wife beater) I would have probably been able to do a whole lot more than sit on my ass and gulp down Jack and Cokes for a few hours.I really did feel like this place had the potential for a great night of drinking, dancing, and fun in the pool.  A few degrees cooler and I bet people would have been more apt to get up and shake their asses poolside.  If you ever hear about a pool party at the Flamingo I would suggest dressing to impress (poolside) and heading over.Any place that can inspire Bella to give me an impromptu lap dance can't be all that bad.
2	this place has gone way down hill since we last stayed here about 9 yrs ago. service was bad, long line at check in at 11:30 at night! the room was a smoking room even though we'd booked a non-smoking room. room was about two miles away from the elevators. really disappointing. and don't bother with the boarding pass kiosks in the lobby, they didn't work for me or three other people who tried to print their boarding passes. so i went over to the ups store about 50 feet away and printed my boarding passes  for five bucks. the pool was way over crowded, couldn't find a chair to lay out on at 11 am, best to go after lunch where it is a little less crowded. overall, not worth staying here and will not stay here again. too bad, i really liked the flamingo at one time but they need upgrades everywhere.
3	This is one of my regular haunts.  Its main virtues: it has a near perfect center Strip location, with Caesars Palace, Bellagio, and Ballys as neighbors; it's one of the cheaper places in the immediate vicinity.  Add to this reasonably comfortable rooms and a very good swimming pool, and I can overlook the negatives: run down feel, boring restaurants, mediocre gym.Registration is available at the airport, although once at the hotel you must still go to the registration desk (but using a very short line).  One time, the line at the airport was very long, so I crossed my fingers and decided to register at the hotel.  This worked out well, as the line was very short, and I was done in less than ten minutes.  However, beware:  during my stays I've noticed that at times the line was horrendous.The elevators have seen better days (worn/dirty floors; lights and bells worked poorly), and the hallways are nothing to shout about.  However, the rooms are generally OK, with reasonably clean carpeting and furniture.  The bathroom is on the small side, and the shower head is placed low on the wall.  I'm 5'10", and it was a minor inconvenience; for anyone taller, it would be a pain in the neck - literally.  Note that some rooms have been recently renovated - the "Go" rooms - are are reputedly nicer.
4	I have always wanted a pink flamingo on my front lawn.  Do you know what makes a flamingo pink?  Paint.I have also always wanted a pink and white striped cabana in my back yard.  The idea of having no one judge me for my tacky taste in decor and neon would be amazing.I have fantasized about having a DJ spin for me and play songs like Rhiannon's Umbrella, or JT's Sexy Back anytime I want.  Being able to call Justin Timberlake JT, that would be sweet too.Throw in hot people by the pool, a grotto, and talk of free booze, and its my dream come true.A girl can dream....or she can go to the Flamingo.
3	The Flamingo is one of the last standing hotels on the strip that is over 10 years old. You can tell this when you walk in however first appearances here are not the whole experience.Did my family stay here over my graduation from college weekend, yes.Did I love eating at Margaritaville, NoHowever lovely other surprises such as the pool came about while wondering the grounds.The rooms are decent and if you get a strip view, its a fantastic view!!
4	I stayed here this summer and for the price and location of it you can't beat it.  I stayed in the cheapest room they had and to my surprise it was not bad at all, I was actually a little impressed.  It was a huge room with a view that over looked the pool, it was really nice.  It also had lots of mirrors, and I love that.  A full length mirror in the bathroom that took up a whole wall and the closets were mirrors also in the room.  The room was also very clean and the decor was up to date.  The location of the hotel  is perfect it is right in the middle of the strip across from the beliagio and Ceasers.  The best part about the hotel is the huge pool!  It had about 4 water slides, water falls, lagoons, and about 3 island type pools all together. Everything is really tropical.  I loved it.  The only down fall was the drink were so expensive out by the pool, $10 each.    I would definitely stay here again.
4	seriously, rooms were clean, the pool was not from too many people, but it's central on the strip and cheap.i didn't know where and how people scored their free drinks, but it was a great place to stay. also, if you get really sun burnt and, also , start calling out ot dinosaurs during the middl eof the night from too much drinking, try lying on the marble tiling in their bathrooms, it does wonders.
4	Having stayed at about a dozen places in LV, the Flamingo ranks pretty high on the list. I should note that I go for the bargains when choosing a hotel in Vegas as I never spend much time in the room. That said, the Flamingo is affordable, centrally located, clean, and the employees I encountered went out of their way to assist me.The pool was great when I stayed there. It was clean, but with so many people drinking in it, I assume it's half water and half booze, but that why they put all that chlorine in there anyway.All said, a great time in a fine place.
3	Location is very central and the price is cheap.  But still, the casino is getting very outdated even with the room remodeling.  And only some of the rooms were remodeled.  It just doesn't compete well with the large glitzy casinos near by.  However, it is a budget place for people to gamble and drink.  But that creates other problems - there was a drinking related shooting when I was there.  Couple by-standers got shot in the attached Magaritaville.
2	Old, run down, a novel stay, but not worth the money. I got a king deluxe suite. Spacious. Nice bed. Large seating area. Horrible cable reception. Bad food.Yeah it's been around for a while and is sort of a grand daddy of hotels, but it's not been well kept over the years. Cheap, decent, close enough to the strip. Other than that, I doubt I'll return.
5	FAQQ: Ew. What's wrong with the Flamingo?A: I'm pretty sure they get their distinct color from the shrimp that they eat. If they're not eating fresh shrimp, they're not pink. If you're asking about the Hotel/Casino, then there's nothing wrong with it. Great location, awesome history (Bugsy!), great prices, solid pool, clean, comfortable, vegas, baby, vegas.Q: Remember that time when everything shocked you? Literally?A: Yah! It gets really dry (it's a dry heat) and I would shock myself on every metal object.Q: A new coat of paint could help this place, no?A: I mean, sure, your face could use a new coat of paint too. Simply put, the Flamingo is in a great location, a good place to stay, clean, comfortable, home. Okay, not quite home. But, say, a home away from home!FYI ... Don't come back from a night of drinking, start playing Caribbean Stud while the sun starts to come up, standing and leaning slightly against the table so you won't tip over, tell the dealer that you'll play her game "you rogue" and throw cards towards her (not AT her, mind you), Flamingo security doesn't take kindly to that sort of behavior.Listen, everyone is grouchy at 6.30am.
4	I'm really teetering between 3.5 and 4 stars.So, my fiance's mom & aunt are gamblers. Atlantic City gamblers. Yep, they're serious. And they've got these "diamond club" cards that get them free shit in all of the Harrah's hotels. This equals sweetness for all of us. We got FREE rooms (in the newly remodeled side), FREE drinks, front of the line service for cabs & restaurants in the Flamingo, etc. The hotel itself is oldy Mc oldster...but that's kind of cool. Knowing the old skool gangsters used to roam the floors here is nifty.....BUT because it's old, the ventilation sucks balls. My eyes were so red that it looked like I'd smoked enough weed to put Bob Marley to shame. Really gross. The rooms, however, seemed to be smoke-free. They were clean, newly remodeled & had large flat panel TVs. My beef with the TVs was this: you turn them on and they would reset the volume level to oh, I dunno, level 4,000!! SO FUCKING LOUD & ridiculous. Don't they normally set them to be lower in volume? Whatever....the decor in the room looked like a futuristic Baskin Robbins. I know it's the Flamingo and you're gonna see fucking PINK everywhere you look, that's fine. But did they need to put white vinyl headboards in the room? Why vinyl?? I suppose it's easier to clean jizz off......eeeeeeew HAHA. Ok, back to the rest of the room. The beds were very comfy, there was ample hanging & drawer space, an iPod hookup & the bathroom was spacious and had separate bath & shower. If you can get past the Flamingo pink everywhere, you might like it.I will say this: I had some of my best luck gambling at the Flamingo. I rode my $20 for TWO days there....playing my Wheel of Fortune spinner game. Yeah, that's how I roll. Big time.
3	I did not like this hotel. I was tired when I arrived. Desk clerk told me to go outside and check my suitcase. Was not allowed to check in until well after 4pm and I had reservations!My room was pretty far from the front, but that was ok.  The slots machines were pretty nice.They have a nice cafe / grill area.
2	My sister swears that she saw a cockroach strolling across her bedspread when we stayed here last.  I never saw it, so I cannot confirm nor deny the sighting.  But regardless, that's still pretty sick.  It happens to the best of hotels, and I am sure it's an isolated incident.Now that I think about it, we should have complained. Oh well.  I like the central location of this places and its OG status as one of the oldest casinos on the Strip.  Go Flamingo!The Flamingo habitat and the crab leg buffet are highlights.  Haven't stayed here in a while, but wouldn't mind it if I got a good deal.
5	we stayed at one of the newly remodeled rooms and i was pleasantly surprised. it had really hip decor, the bathroom was hands down my favorite: the walls of the bathroom were frosted glass (when the lights were turned on, the silhouette of the person inside the bathroom reminded me of the shadow lounge at caesar's) and the lighting in the bathroom + the pink walls made it look like a futuristic lounge and the bathroom mirror had a TV built in!! it was such a crazy experience to be sitting on the toilet watching Hogan Knows Best! :P
5	I'll start off with the bad first: we came in early around noon, and were told to come back around 3 pm to get our keys. We came back at 3 pm, they said come back at 4 pm cus the room wasn't ready. That's okay cus technically check-in time is 4 pm. Came back at 4 pm and was told the room wouldn't be ready for 30-45 minutes....we asked for a manager. Our room was ready in 10 minutes, and he gave us a $30 coupon to use at the bar or gift shop. So that's decently fair.     Anyway Flamingo's location is quite possibly the best on the strip. Right smack dab in the middle, what more could you ask for? The distance from room to elevator to the strip was real short unlike so many other casinos where it's an absolute chore to get from your room to the strip or vice versa. And I like how when you walk out of the casino..you're right on the sidewalk...there's no long ass escalator/path you have to take to get to the sidewalk. I mean wow.   We also liked the rooms considering we got the upgrade Go! Rooms that are newly remodeled, and look nothing like the outside of the casino (which is starting to show it's age pretty badly). The beds were big, clean, and comfy. Huge ass 42" LCD TV, a TV in the bathroom mirror, a separate shower and tub. The shower also had some body jets which was nice. No problems with the water temp. or pressure. I'm used to staying in standard rooms or Vegas or even sh*t holes like Tropicana...this was anything but that.Service: I didn't like how they couldn't guarantee my dry cleaning would get to me in the 6-8 pm slot that it said on the bag, but it did arrive on time. The cleaning ladies did a decent job, and didn't steal anything so that's also good. And when we called for our bags, extra glasses, and hangers..they were quickly brought up (very quickly)..that's good.Casino: The theme is losing it's touch, but it's still decently nice inside. It's not Bellagio, it's not O'Sheas either. Drinks take a little while to get to you, but I think I was up a couple hundred in this casino, and my buddy won $2,000 w/the lucky lady jackpot on the blackjack table...plus they had $5 and $10 tables during busy times..that works for me. Pool: Really nice, I came a little late so no staff or bar was to be found...but I'm sure in the hotter days it'd be excellent.View: my two rooms had amazing views. One had a good view of the pool, and the other had amazing view of the Bellagio fountains. Price: I originally booked the Go! rooms directly through Flamingo for $590 each plus tax for Friday & sat night. Then I cancelled and rebooked them for $610...why you may ask.  Because I found a cheaper rate of $540 on Orbitz. Due to their Best Rate Guarantee..they not only matched the cheaper rate, but they dropped it 25%. Our rooms now were a little under $400 for the weekend per room. Sounds like a great deal to me.Overall: Other a few slight quirks here and there. I can't give Flamingo any less than 5 stars. I'm sure it'd be different if we paid more and/or were stuck with a standard room. But considering of our group we paid $100 each for the room here, compared to the $70 each at Tropicana or $90 each for Bally's. I definitely will say Flamingo was well-worth the little extra money for the room quality and strip location. I'd highly recommend Flamingo's Go! Rooms to anyone who wants a great value on the strip.~G
3	Ah.. the Flamingo.  First time I was there was back in 1987.  My buddy's parents went to Vegas to gamble and I tagged along to keep him company in the arcade as we weren't old enough to drive yet let alone gamble.  We spent a couple hours on a turbo speed Ms. Pacman machine and walked around the strip.  I haven't been back in that place since, until last week.  It seemed a bit nicer back in the day.  It's a bit dingy now, and walking in from the parking garage you get hit with a wall of stale smoky air reminiscent of a smoking room at a Super 8 Motel.  Blech.  Circulation is better once you make it through the hall.  The layout is confusing, but I was able to enjoy a few Sam Adams on tap at the bar with the owner of my company who had just flown in from Germany so that was nice.  I refrained from playing here though as I have issues with Harrah's properties after enduring some horrendous customer service at their Rincon San Diego casino.
3	We loved staying at the Flamingo, except the fact that my brother woke up in a pool of mouse pellet. Damn the rooms are swank and the service exceptional. Rodents ruined it for us, but what can we expect, the building  is one of the first casino's built in Las Vegas.
3	As a Harrah's member, we were given an upgrade to a GO room for $25 per night. I've been wanting for a while now to stay in one and finally got the chance. I guess i expected too much because we were a bit disappointed with the execution of the cool concept. The good: 42 inch LCD, BOSE system with hook ups for ipod, automatic window blinds, and large shower.The bad: bed was way too soft - you sink in, shitty looking vinyl pillow backboard, pink lights / decor, and porn mirror on ceiling over the bed.The bathroom takes up almost a 3rd of the room and the concept of having a tv in the bathroom is cool but the shower glass steam covers the screen when you are taking a shower. I really wanted to love our room but as i said before the execution failed miserably. I would have given it 2 stars but since we got the room for $25 per night i bumped it to 3 stars.
4	I stayed here for a weekend for a work convention, and the place is huge! The room was pretty standard, but it had an amazing view onto the city from the window. There were quite a few convention rooms, and everything was pretty easy to find inside. The casino was so-so. I'm not much of a gambler though, so I can't say too many pros or cons of it. The first-floor italian restaurant was great. Lots of nice... scenary... and lots of nice-looking women "guaranteeing" that I'll have luck... if you know what i mean.
4	this hotel is what it is. it doesn't purport to be the classiest of fanciest hotel on the strip. (nor is it) but it does do a few things really well. chief among them...its affordable. the staff is polite - both dealers and hotel staff. the tables are cheaper than the name brand casinos. the pool is substantial though not the fanciest on the strip. it is also very well situated in the middle of the strip and close to all of the big casinos. does it have good shows to go see? no. are the rooms spacious and fancy? no. this hotel is for those that want to save a little money on their stay, so they can eat good food, go see shows, or gamble it away.
3	What girl doesn't like pink?  And as cute as the newly renovated GO room is, I am only able to give Flamingo 3-star despite its central location on the strip.  Since I get to stay at all of Harrah's chain hotel/casino free, if it weren't for the new Go room, I'd probably never stay here.  The Go room's primary color is Flamingo pink.  It has a huge white vinyl headboard with sleek modern furniture.  They upgraded the bed to ultra-soft pillow-top mattresses and plush linens which are quite nice.  The room is also equipped with 42-inch flat panel TV and a built-in one in the bathroom mirror.  I love the jetted shower fixture but I hate the vanity bowl (only 1!).  And how can they forget a magnifying mirror?????  How was I supposed to apply my make up without it?  Ugh!  It also has a host of cutting edge digital accessories including top-of-the-line sound system, iPod docking station, CD/DVD player, electronic window treatments, all of which I really don't care for.  I mean, how much time do we stay in the room when in Vegas????  OK, so I give them credit for renovating the rooms, but they did nothing to improve sound-proof.  It was so noisy even with my ear plugs I could hear my neighbor's TV and everyone talking/walking down the hallway.  The buffet was horrible even though it was free to me (comp'ed).  I only ate here because the diamond lounge was not open yet and I was hungry and too lazy to walk/drive anywhere.  It was only breakfast, so how bad could it get right?  WRONG!  It was BAD.  If I actually had to pay $17.99 per person, I'd have been pi$$ed.  The diamond lounge opens at noon.  It's different from the other diamond lounges because it actually serves SUSHI!!!  How cool is that?  I mean, it's not fancy sushi, but California roll, spicy tuna, and a couple of other ones are really nice additions to the usual deli sandwiches.  They also serve soups which are not found in other diamond lounges.  The casino is small compare to the rest of Harrah's chain casinos.  It doesn't bother me because I just play else where and still accumulate my total rewards points.  The spa/fitness facility are not the greatest but the massage therapist, Annacita (spelling?) is the best.  I would have never thought to get a spa treatment here.  But I got a Spa Get-Away offer with 3 days 2 nights stay and 2 spa treatments, all free on the house, I had to take advantage of it.  I chose 2 deep tissue massages for 2 days and I was in heaven.  I've since come back and booked massages with Annacita.  $125 for 50 minutes (on weekend) and it was worth every penny of it!!!  The staffs at the spa are super nice and hospitable.   All and all, Flamingo is just an average casino/hotel.
4	Now, I'm one of those people who normally stays at a decently nice hotel whenever I go to Vegas. I like my nice rooms with nice big bathrooms with lots of space for me to get ready to party the night away. Not gonna lie, I always thought that Flamingo was one of the shoddier hotels, and yea, it doesn't look as snazzy as the other places, but hey, can't knock it till you try it.We booked a room here for a last-minute, one-night Vegas trip, and I was pleasantly surprised by the room. It was pretty nicely furnished, and the bathroom was a nice size. Plus we had a nice view of the strip and the mountains, haha. I like the location, how it's in the middle of the strip and equidistant to the Wynn at one end, and New York at the other. Also the bf and I love the pinball slot machines, and there are lotsss of them at the casino here!! He's also a big fan of the breakfast buffet, which is pretty yummy. Call me dumb, but I also thought it was pretty cool that there were ACTUAL flamingos outside.
4	Why am I giving the Flamingo four stars?Let's establish one thing first - this is not one of the nicer hotels on the strip.  It can't compete with the likes of Wynn, Bellagio, Paris, etc..  It's not luxurious, and it's not trendy.  HOWEVER if you're looking for a decent hotel with a clean, safe room in a great location, Flamingo fits the bill.  Change your expectations and you'll enjoy it.  Your room will not have a flat screen TV or a big soaking tub.  Now, I did notice that it seemed a little dingier than when I'd stayed here several years ago.  Maybe they're sinking a lot of money into their "Go Rooms" which from the web site, remind me of rooms at some of the W Hotels I've stayed at.  As a bonus, the nice front desk clerk gave us two upgraded rooms instead of the one regular room we though we were getting.  Nice!  I recommend the Flamingo if you're going with a group and don't plan to spend lots of time in your room.
3	Never again.  We stayed here years ago for a special event with friends.  It was only for one night - thank God.  The room was very old and not much better than a cheap motel.  It was not comfortable and the bathroom felt dirty.  I hated it.  With so many new hotels popping up every year, Flamingo really needs to put some money into renovating it.I'm boosting it up to three stars because for dinner we went to their steak house.  Since it was a party, it was a preset menu, so I don't know what other offerings they had aside from the chicken or steak we had to choose from.  The rib-eye was actually very good.  The service was also surprisingly 'on it' for our 20+ party.Another saving grace is a happy memory from when I was there on my 21st birthday.  We stayed elsewhere, but made it a point to visit one of the first casinos in Las Vegas.  I hit my first jackpot on the slots there.  :)  Happy Birthday to me!
5	I am giving this place 5 stars because I stay here for free and Im a Diamond Card Member..As a matter of fact I am in the Diamond Lounge right now drinking some Johnny Walker Gold Label watching the Warrior game while logged on this cool Dell Computer all at the same time.... Oh yes!  Free drinks and finger foods! The Go Rooms are pretty sweet.. And they opened a new restaurant here called Voga... I had the scallops which rested on a crab cake topped with asparugus and rich hollandaise sauce... Its really good.. Im just glad this meal was gratis because this place is pretty expensive.
3	I have stayed at other hotels on the strip and this one was nice but it was clear that the rooms had seen better days.My boyfriend obtained the room for free with his Total Rewards points so I cannot really complain, however, the rooms are definitely tired and in need of a deep clean.Unfortunately, I was sick most of the trip so I spent a lot of quality time in the room. :)The casino itself was your typical vegas standard casino.  I have to say I didn't spend a great deal of time on the floor as I'm not much of a gambler.I loved the live flamingos outside and the pool area (which was closed for winter) looked like it would be a great place to catch some rays.  I was just grateful to be outside in the sun in January.  I would probably try this place again but I would prefer something a little more up to date.
3	I've stayed here before, many moons ago and it has definitely changed.  The rooms were spacious and they didn't smell like smoke.  The casino was okay and I wasn't happy with the food options.  But free is free!
3	Nothing atypical about this hotel/casino.Oh, except our hotel room must have been a mile away from the elevator. You have no idea how difficult it is to navigate for that long while intoxicated. (Or maybe you do?)
2	was this one of many casinos that didn't offer asian gaming opportunities? i forget. so many didn't. it didn't matter.
2	Come to Vegas and stay at the World Famous Flamingo Hotel.  Luxuriate in our 25-thread-count linens on pancake flat pillows.  Our bathroom products are Suave exclusives so you know you're getting the best.  And why go to the spa when at no extra charge, you can exfoliate your ass on our sandpaper single-ply? We'll even save you a trip to our casino, because it's always a gamble as to whether or not room service will actually arrive or your room will get made up today.This and so much less is waiting for you when you book your stay at the Flamingo Las Vegas.
1	This place sucked when I was like 12 and stayed here with my parents, and it still sucks at age 23.  We came for a friend's bachelor party weekend, and when we walked in the smoke detector was hanging from its wires off the ceiling and the room reeked of disinfectant.  Which is funny, since shortly thereafter the room began smelling of dudes, and didn't really stop being that way until we checked out.  On top of that, they wanted to charge us like $10.00 per-person-per-day  to use their ratty gym and $40.00 a night to use a roll-out bed - seriously nickel and diming the shit out of us.Also, the one time we went downstairs and bought a pizza they forgot about our order after we stood around for nearly half an hour and then were totally unapologetic about it, and at any given hour during that weekend we couldn't find a $10.00 blackjack table to save our lives.  Luckily the Monte Carlo pulled through hard for us on that front. Overall just a horrible end-to-end service experience.
3	I've stayed here twice with my friend and resident rich guy from TX.  He always gets free rooms cause he's a high roller.  I have had nothing but fun the times I've stayed here though.  It's one of the older hotels and you can tell inside.  I think it makes it classier though.  I like the style.  What can I say it's Vegas...if you want the best accommodations in town hit up the Belagio.  If you want a fun place to relax and get your gamble on then there is no better place than at the Flamingo.  You'll have fun, trust me.
2	My company put me here when I flew in for Electronics Consumer Show and of course I was kind of disappointed that I didn't get something nice like Mandalay Bay.It was standard, but the lobby was much nicer than I had expected. The service was ok, the staff was ok, the casino was ok, the food choices were poor (hence, didn't eat there. MGM has a great variety of restaurants though).I am giving it two stars because it's smack down in the middle of the strip which saved me a lot of money on taxi since I could just walk across the bridge. And another star for making an effort of remodeling numerous rooms..however if I were to book a hotel in Vegas with my own money, I would still make another choice.
5	i spent allot of time here because most of the people i was with stayed there. it has a huge lobby where you can buy ticket to most thing in Vegas  the pool it  beautiful, it has a waterfall and a bar right next to it. my good friend got married there it was really nice, it was 7/7/07. there was about 20 of us there, i had a great time there. and oh ya there is a small arcade  there for kids.   i don't know the price because  i did not stay there but its a really cool place
3	Tacky pink tacky pink tacky pink.Yup, you will be bombarded with pink fluorescent lighting.  Is this what's suppose to make me want to gamble?Not a bad stay for the prices.  The newly renovated rooms are pretty nice.I wouldn't suggest going to any of the restaurants in the hotel.  Not many choices and the food isn't all that great.  One thing that I do really like is their little garden with live flamingos.  It's the only place in the hotel that doesn't smell like cigarettes or drunk people.  Plus, they have lots of other pretty birds as well.
3	Outside of the location and the price, I'd recommend you stay somewhere else. Then again, if you only need a place to shower and take a short nap, I guess you really can't beat it.It's not as bad as some other places. It looks like some of the rooms are renovated (having read other reviews), but I can certainly attest to the fact that the suites are not renovated (at least not the suite we stayed in).I'll probably avoid this place the next time I go to Vegas unless it's 70% cheaper than other reasonable alternatives.
4	Listen, it's not the most luxurious hotel in Vegas, obviously... But if you're going there, trust me, you're not going to spend any time at the hotel.The rooms are clean. The place is well equipped. Casinos and restaurants downstairs, and Jimmy Buffett's Margaritaville right in the hotel. Inexpensive, and not bad. They have a really pretty courtyard with actual flamingos! Kind of weird, I wasn't expecting it, but it was kind of a fun thing to see. Anyways, if you're looking to be swept off your feet stay at the Venetian or Mandolay Bay. But if you know you're probably going to spend most of time time out, and you want to stay on the strip in a clean hotel that's more average-priced... check out the Flamingo. We were pretty happy with our choice and went totally randomly.
4	The Flamingo is a little old in the tooth. I totally admit that and I think they do too. With that said, The Flamingo is the best deal if you want to stay right in the middle of the Strip. The regular rooms are pretty basic, but the suites are very nice. Honestly though, it is Vegas. How much time are you going to be spending in your room especially since staying at the Flamingo means you are close to everything and the monorail is connected to your hotel? If you are heading to Vegas and want to save a little green, I totally recommend the Flamingo.
2	Awkward layout. The trek to get to the pool is strange, and once you get to the pool be ready to hike around the barricade of lounge chairs. The rooms are nice if you get a fancy suite. If you don't, avoid the "Shining" fourth floor. We had a ghetto room with no room number placard. Instead, on the wall the numbers 4011 were written with black Sharpie pen.
4	The Flamingo is, dollar for dollar, your best bet on The Strip.Don't stay in their shabby rooms on the lower floors, pay just a few extra bucks and stay in their "Go Rooms" and get all of the amenities that you get from the places that tell you that they specialize in luxury.  Flat screen TV's, great views, King size beds, and cool decor.  It also gives you access to a pretty decent pool and a hotel that is right in the middle of it all.  It's easy to get to Caesar's, Mirage, Venetian, and some of the smaller hotels right in Center Strip.  They also have an adults-only European pool that is optional topless and a few of the girls take advantage of it.  They also do a strip contest on their pole that's in the middle of the pool which reminds me of a sad Lake Havasu and really adds nothing to the afternoon.  The live DJ is a nice touch though and it's nice to have an adults only pool right below your room and the Cabanas are a pretty good deal at $300 + a bottle (around $175 for the bottle).  Sure, there are way nicer hotels now, but you won' find a better room quality to dollar value.
4	We had an outstanding stay here.  For the deal you get - being on the strip and across from Caesar's and Bellagio, you can't beat it.  It was incredibly convenient for us.  They've updated the rooms, so you didn't feel like you were stuck in a Holiday Inn circa 1970 once in your room.  And even though they've updated the rooms, they still have a little nostalgic Las Vegas flair with their court yard/garden/pool/flamingo zoo.When I'm in Vegas on a budget, I guarantee you this is where I'll be staying again.
4	I'm pretty lucky for the fact I love Vegas and I have some really great family and friends that live here and get me super cheap rooms at any number of strip hotels. You cant believe how cheap employees can rent rooms at strip hotels. I love paying less than $80.00 for a $200.00  room with all the amenities. The Flamingo is a great place for gambling, dining, and drinking. Somehow everytime we stay at the Flamingo we end up in Margaritaville downstairs right across from Caesar's getting just monkey-shined shitfaced and knowing the inevitable "technicolor yawn" will be coming shortly after we hit that 4:00 a.m. buffet somewhere. The Flamingo Garden is a great little area to stroll through and get some nice pictures. The hotels location makes it easy to head out and access the strip. Vegas Baby.
5	I LOVED the Flamingo.  I also stayed at THEhotel and actually liked the Flamingo more!  We got a Go room which was an awesome retro-style throwback to the 50's era.  We had a great view of the Strip.  And if you love pink, like me, you will love the pink color decor of the room.  The bathroom has a sexy pink light in it.  The pools are awesome.  The spa is small, but smells good and is tropical themed.  I think my favorite part of the Flamingo is that it made me feel like I was in old Vegas.  Don't get me wrong, I love swanky, high-end hotels, but the yester-year vibe of the Flamingo mixed with the pink color scheme and the great location on the strip and the price make this a hit!We even got the upgrade to the Go room for free!  The guy who upgraded us thought my boyfriend and I were on our honeymoon!  I guess we looked THAT happy!
4	so we stayed here the last 2 nights we were in vegas, the rooms were nice and more updated then a lot of other places, and we had an amazing veiw. we did a lot of gambling here, and did not win. the service here was good, but we did eat at the morning buffet, and the cafe, both were not very good and too expensive for the food options.i dont know what the prices are for the rooms, im asuming expensive, ours were compt, so it was nice to spend our money on other things. the hotel is located on the strip and you can walk every where too. i would stay here again.
3	The Flamingo......hmmmm...it's NOT The Wynn, that's for sure, but it's for people who want to have fun and you don't give a shit about how you look, how you dress, and all that nonsense.  It's laid back and fun.  I loved the GO room, the pool, the drinks, the casino, winning some money, the sports book is comfy and the people who work here are NICE, not snobby. Like the cocktail waitesses in the casino...they were so cool an brought me 2 drinks...saved them a trip.  haha!  If you want to be close to everything on the strip, this is a great location...especially for the price.
3	Visited for Friday/Saturday nights stay.  Asked for a upgraded GO-room but of course they were sold out.  Our room was on the 7th floor, facing pool (small view of pool). Room was nice, but bathroom was SO small.Friends stayed on the 5th floor with a horrible view, but their bathroom was bigger than ours???The GO-Pool is the real treat of the Flamingo, we reserved a cabana and it was AWESOME!Tiffany was our server and she rocked.  Bottle service is spendy, but you get a lot of perks and shade, which is key.  And cabana has TV, comfy couch, padded lounge chairs, frig, etc. etc.I dont know that I would stay at the Flamingo again, but I would hang out by the pool!
4	I stayed at the Flamingo last weekend.  I had reserved a "Go" room but apparently Yahoo oversold the free upgrade and they didn't have one available when I arrived Sat evening.  They did, however, offer me an upgrade to a mini suite for free.   The mini suite was very nice!  The room was huge, clean and seemed to have been updated.  Even the bed was comfortable!   I did opt to change to the "Go" room the next day tho and was happy I did!  Why?  The beds were FANTASTICLY COMFORTABLE!!!    I have a big ass pillow top at home so hotel beds are very disappointing for me most of the time but I just wanted to stay in this bed all day long!!..and I was by myself even!   Pillows were good, room was groovy with the bathroom mirror plasma tv and all.  The only negative I can think of for the lovely Flamingo Hilton is that when I sat down to play video poker at the bar I was informed by different bartenders at a couple of different bars that I had to bet the maximum in order to get a comp'ed drink.   WTF mate?!?!?!?  They are gonna get my $20--let me enjoy losing it for fucks sake!!!    I will still tip muthafucka--just fyi!I would be happy to stay there again in a "Go" room --had a good time!
3	If I had the choice I would have definietely stayed somewhere else. but it was free and the fact that we didn't spend much time in the rooms I guess it didn't really matter.  The pool is the plus side of the stay.  Pretty big area but was always packed 1st thing in the morning but would die down by afternoon. Yes they have the topless area but did not care to check the area out seein the people who actually walked into the place were def. not ppl you would want to see topless. SLide there was cool.The casinos were always so LIVELY. No matter what time it was it was always poppin! I definitely liked staying at MGM or Luxor more. I think this was more of a family kinda place.
3	So . . . this hotel was totally fine. Not spectacular, but perfectly adequate for our 3 day stay. I booked a cheap hotels.com room for our trip. When we got there, they immediately wanted to upgrade us to one of their "Go Rooms". Apparently their "Go Rooms" are a little bit more modern with flat screens with nicer bed linens, etc. I declined, as we were on a budget for this weekend getaway. After I declined the offered to bump us up to a handicap "Go Room" for just slightly more than what we were paying. Being the pushover that I am, I decided to go for it. After all, it was my first time in Vegas. The room had an amazing view of the Bellagio water fountains, plus we had the cool flat screen and nice bed linens.The location of the hotel was nice in relation to the other big casinos on the strip. The Flamingo pool and casino itself weren't that great (a little trashy, actually). I found myself spending most of my time at the Bellagio, Paris and Ceasar's Palace.By the third day of our trip, I was completely over Vegas in general and just wanted to hang out in our room and watch tv, but something happened to out tv and it wasn't working all that well.Overall, my stay here was fine. The location was good, but unless I get a really great deal, I might find another hotel to stay at.
4	The Go room here is definitely what makes this place special.  Fairly decent hotel price for the go room and I can't get out of my head how comfortable the bed was.  Like seriously, I could sleep away the whole day in that bed before I hit the strip at night.  Which brings to mention the location.  I love how I can just be in the center of everything for a cheaper price without the feeling of a stay at a mediocre place like Harrah's.  The pool here is also really something else.  I mean, I guess that's what Flamingo's is known for.  You would definitely need to check out the pool at least once if you make your stay here.Of course, this hotel does need more remodeling but the ambiance gives you the feeling of how it was like back in the days.  And as for the gaming, I remember I had a good run here once but its too early to say this place was a good place for me.  All in all, this hotel was a pretty good stay but make sure you stay in the the Go room or higher otherwise, this might differ.I mean c'mon now, a TV in the mirror of the bathroom?!?  You seriously can't beat that
4	The GO room is a GO! Hahah.I really enjoyed staying in the GO room. I loved the most was the white quilted patent leather bed board thing. It reminds me of quilted leather bags which I love. The bed was also super comfy and even though there was only a thin layer of blanket for the bed, I had wonderful sleep in that bed. I also did not get PINK EYE from the pillows like I did at THE MIRAGE! Ew.The decor is white and pink and some brown. I like how it's so modern and the automatic blinds control is pretty cool. But the coolest thing has got to be the TV INSIDE THE MIRROR OF THE BATHROOM. Awesome! I was watching TV all the time when I was in there! There are also speakers in the ceiling. I loved the shower because I love glass doors for showers. Shower curtains are gross man. And a separate tub and shower is the way to go. Also! The sink was A BOWL SINK! AHHHH I LOVE IT!The closest also had the biggest safe in a hotel room I've seen so far. I loved the couch and just about all the furniture in the room.Very comfortable and enjoyable stay at the Flamingo, but probably only in the GO room or a suite.Flamingo also rocks because we got a complementary gift basket thing with trail mix, cheese and crackers, apricots, chocolate caramel peanut clusters, dark chocolate bars, pretzels, and mints! Who doesn't love free stuff? And delivered to your room! =)
2	Greatly Disappointed We spent 3 nights at this hotel during our stay for a conference in Las Vegas in September 2005.The room was adequate...but we expected much more for the amount of money we paid.The pool is always crowded - to a point where it's unpleasant. It's a beautiful pool, however, they close it frequently to cater to private parties - as early as 5PM.During our last night, the hotel decided to have a party for, what the security department said was 10,000 people in the courtyard, which about 50% of the rooms face. It started at 8PM and continued until at least 1PM. They had the sound system blaring and it was unbearable. They are more interested in making money off of private parties than keeping their customers happy. In order to have 10,000 people - you need a VENUE - not a POOL outside of everyone's windows.However, upon our complaint (since we had an early flight to catch we had to sleep!) they did find us a new room quickly. They didn't offer to move all of our stuff for us, but they did bring up the key. The room we were moved to was almost worth the $230 a night they charged. Almost.So, if you're planning a stay on the strip, I have two pieces of advice:1. Book EARLY so you're not stuck, and2. Do NOT stay at the Flamingo.The Hilton Company should be ashamed!P.S. Our last stay was at the Luxor which was great...check it out!
4	The Flamingo "Go Rooms" are one of my favorite places to stay in Vegas. They're new and modern and pink and brown. And there was an in-mirror television in the bathroom. Fun!Check-in was a breeze, and the trip from the parking garage to the hotel front desk was quick, you didn't have to walk through miles of mall or casino with your bags to get there, a plus for me.The breakfast buffet is decent, and there's rarely a long wait. And, bottomless mimosas and champagne.The pool, however, stinks. Well, the pool itself is nice, with slides and a waterfall, but if you're not out waiting in line before the pool even opens, then forget about getting a decent lounge chair anywhere near the sun.On the plus side, the place smells like coconuts.
4	Been here my first time when I was a wee lil laddy. 10 years old with my parents. Didn't matter to me if the room was wack or super-dooper.When I came back in Feb. 08, we got comped for $90 for a weekend. I must say, the place is cool. We did the $20 trick and got upgraded to a great view of the fountains and a larger room. I was very happy with the location. Easy access to everything. Right smack in the middle of the Casinos.Been staying at Venetian, Paris, Planet Hollywood, Westin and now Flamingo. I also slept in my friend's car for a couple of hours when we had no hotel room for new years. That's another story.For the price, and location, Flamingo gets 4 STARS!I will go back again in Sept. 08 and I will try to get the "GO," room for an extra price. I will update with the results.
5	Hotel: I liked staying at the Flamingo. I thought the hotel had a great location (right in the middle of the strip, even in 105 degree weather it wasn't too bad walking towards the Venetian or Planet Hollywood). The rooms were also nice, nothing super fancy but the rooms were very clean and modern. Hotel was also quiet and the pool was very relaxing. There is also a monorail station directly behind the hotel which was very convenient also. I would definitely stay at this hotel again.Service: Good. Checked in early and got a decent room on the 12th floor. The hotel staff was courteous and friendly. Price: Pretty cheap for a room. I think I paid around $65-75 per night for a room. They also have their new GO rooms which you can upgrade to for an additional $30+ per night after you reserve a room. Location: Located next to Imperial Palace and Ballys. Great location! Ceasars Palace is also right across the street.
3	We got a GO room which was nice but 2 stars off for:1. Our toilet overflowed at 3am2. No late check-out, not even at noon!I was looking forward to the bed since everyone raved that you couldn't get out of it but for me, I got out of it with no hesitation. My bed at home is waaaaaay better.I did enjoy the built-in TV in the mirror in the bathroom. My BF thought I fell in the toilet because I was taking so damn long but I just had to reassure him that I was just watching TV LOL! And I didn't mind the pink florenscent lighting in the bathroom. Pink is my favorite color!Sure the casino floor can be smoky but I really didn't care because as a smoker, I was contributing to the smokiness.And boo to the cocktail waitress that wouldn't give my BF 2 drinks because she was insinuating that one was for me and I wasn't playing at the time. Um, missy can't you see that I have 2 drinks already that are keeping me rather busy?The pool is the highlight of the whole place. So much fun!!! The slides connecting to the pools were great and the turn around of people was pretty good so you will find a lounge chair. Sure there were kids but not as much as I expected. And they were about 12+ years old and watching them have a blast made me feel like acting 12 years old again and go down the slide over and over and over and over again. The waterfall is nice too.And how LUCKY was I when I lost my DL in the pool and one of the lifegaurds was able to spot me out and give it back to me! Lifegaurd you ROCK!!!!!2 for 1 Dos Equis at the pool bar! Drunk swimming! Hell yeah!
3	The renovations were nice to the Flamingo, the new rooms are pretty cool, especially, if you've been inside some of the older ones.  We had several floors of the Go rooms, and love the tv's in the mirrors in the bathrooms - great way to kill time while getting ready. The Euro (Go) pool was awesome, we had a great time down there, and it's nice cause it's adults only, so no snotty kids jumping and splashing.Great dj at the pool, ok drink service, although a little spendy for what you got.  The cabanas were excellent & reasonable.Hate the lobby format, and the way the casino is situated, it seems to draw the smoke smell in, and it just lingers, I have a hard time breathing in that, and it almost killed me every time I would walk down to try to exit the building.  I didnt even walk thru the casino part, but felt like I had smoked a pack of cigs.
1	Stayed here a few years ago and thought it was a great value.  Obviously, they put me in a renovated room that year.  This time, not so lucky.  Please, see my photos to understand the story.  The window was so dirty, I could hardly see outside.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/u_vPjx925UPEG9DFOAAvFQ?select=rMUH3m5JXtOgsFeWocLoJg  There were dried stains on the side of the chair in the sitting area.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/u_vPjx925UPEG9DFOAAvFQ?select=u8XG4eWEBcTiezZe4cVdPwIf you watch HGTV, you've heard of "distressing" furniture.  Check out the bathroom photo.  Ha, they're experts at peeling paint on the vanity.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/u_vPjx925UPEG9DFOAAvFQ?select=2_bfXEjEhMp7WFpAcgZDHg  In the casino, the cheapest blackjack table was $15 (with attitude).  Only one nice dealer all night.  Walked to MGM casino, plenty of $10 tables.  Then, called for a late checkout (normal is 11AM).  "No, not even until 12:00PM, sir."  If there is one hotel that should bend over backwards to their customers, this should be it.  If you stay here, make sure you get a renovated room that has been steam-cleaned, sterilized, and painted.  I won't be back.
4	I really like this place! When you step out of the elevator coming from your room, no matter which direction you need to go, you dont have to walk far to get to where your going. Everthing is easy to walk to unlike some of the larger hotel casinos. The Flamingo has a nice buffet, a natural habitat that has a relaxing environment with a waterfall and flamigos, where you can just sit or take a walk through., The pool was a bit crowded and there were a lot of kids there in Mid July. I like that the monorail stops at flamingo and easy to get to. Theres Margarittaville, and 24 Hr Prime Rib outside around the corner at Bills Gambeling hall. My room was dated and ugly though with that yellowish drapes, carpet and beadspread. Over all this place was nice and refreshing and I came from the Fitz (had to get out of there seedy!)downtown.
2	Okay hotel, but bad, loud music at the pool ruined a peaceful vacation.  Why isn't there a quiet area for those who'd like to read, talk to another person without screaming, or just enjoy the peace.  I never understand why places like this assume everyone wants to listen to the music they like.  Additionally, the pool area is packed lounge chair to lounge chair with about an inch between.  Like cattle in a box car. The hotel room itself was fine.  Very retro 50s style and color.  Glass bathroom.  Only problem, being a glass door, no hooks to hang stuff on. Casino is nothing special.  Low ceilings, dopey slot games, smoky, etc.  I miss Caesar's Palace with its high ceilings and elbow room.
4	Stayed here at least 10 times and went away pleased every time.  They've done a good job of updating over the past few years and they are in the heart of the strip.  Poker room is inadequate at best, but Ceasar's is another Harrah's property across the street and their poker room is great, and Bellagio is right next to that, which has a great one too.
2	It's really not that bad, though it starting to show it's age. They are starting to update the door locks, and other bits and pieces Even trying some nice new eye candy, in the form of scantily clad girls dancing on pedestals in the middle of some of the table games. Probably rather distracting if your actually trying to play seriously, but nice to look at as you walk by. The above reasons are really the only reasons I can honestly give it even 2 stars though. I just took my girlfriend there for our 2 year aniversury  and boy do I ever regret it. It wasn't the ants in my bathroom that got into all of our stuff. These things happen at the best of hotels and I'll let it slide. No, what blew my mind was the reaction by the hotel staff, and the fiasco that followed. The initial reaction by Guest Services, and i use the term loosely, was one of total un-suprise. (I later found out at least 3 other people all had the same problem.) I was not apologized to, and they actually asked if i wanted a different room. I was then put on hold for about 5 minutes before being told that I could come down to the desk to get a new key. And here's where things REALLY went down hill. I got the new key, dragged my girlfriend and all our luggage half way across the hotel, and walked into our new room, to find it hadn't been cleaned. When my girlfriend called to complain, she was actually hung up on. To say i wasn't amused would be an understatement.We finally got a third room, and the front desk manager assured me that the room had been inspected and was ready for us. So we dragged our stuff half way across the hotel again only to find, you guessed it, another dirty room. We were finally upgraded to a full suit, and grudgingly comped dinner for our troubles. And it was a good thing we were comped dinner, as by that time it was almost midnight and we had started this whole process at 9:30. The end result of them ruining our anniversary? A comped dinner, and one of the two night stay comped. For ruining our whole weekend we got a grand total of 200$ worth of comps. For getting hung up on, run all over, made to wait more then 30 minutes for each room change, and dragging our luggage on the death march to hell, we got $200 dollars.The best part? The woman next to me at check out Sunday morning was being comped for the exact same thing, and as we walked away, she said that the woman next to her had the same problems, with fewer room changes, but still. Needless to say, I will not be visiting that casino again, ever.
4	I liked it.  I would love to stay here again!   We didn't even have a Go Room.   But the room we did have was nice.  Nothing fancy but nice.   Best part....  The floor to ceiling window directly overlooking the Strip!  Best view ever!They had enough of my penny slots that I like to keep me gambling there.My one complaint....  They had some sort of a DJ thing IN the casino that was freakishly loud!   It went into the wee hours and as luck would have it....  was directly under our window!  So a few nights, it was hard to sleep.   I even had to put in earplugs.   Yeah.And the air conditioning was WAY too cold for me.   Granted it was summer but it was too much.So I'm docking them one star for the noisy DJs keeping us awake, and the freezing AC.
4	I have only stayed in one other hotel in Vegas, but this one is definitely well worth it!  Although a few people have said that its "tired" or "old," I think that it pays homage to the way the hotels and casinos were when the strip was first being built.  This is a 50s-era hotel that still has some original furnishings.  The rooms are great.  I'm not sure what a "Go Room" is, but we just had a standard two-double bed room.  Great prices (much less than the other hotels on the strip) and every amenity you can imagine.  Our rooms were big, the beds were super comfortable and the bathroom was really nice.  The hotel service and staff were super friendly and very prompt with the cleaning of the rooms or room service.   The front desk staff were also very friendly and helpful in suggesting things to do during the day if we didn't want to hit up the casinos.  The casino itself is really great - it's big (almost like three separate rooms) and there's all the card tables and slot machines you could imagine.  I found that the service here at the machines/tables was much faster than at other casinos.  Every time I started playing something a server would come and take a drink order - it was great.  It was often slower or non-existent at other casinos.  The pools were also great.  There was a pool for everyone (including kids) and a pool for adults only - the adult pool was great because there was prompt bar service and very few people.  The area around the pools is also great, as well.  It's kind of like a crazy rain forest jungle with some wildlife hanging around and a path to walk through and see everything.  I will definitely plan to stay here again the next time I visit Vegas.  It's an expensive, great hotel right on the strip.
4	I'm not sure how this place used to be before the renovation but I definitely had a great experience here.  First of all, the Go Rooms were awesome.  Cool funky decor, a 42" flat screen tv with another smaller one built in the bathroom mirror, a translucent bathroom door (very sexy) and a fantastic view.  The bed was super super comfortable and felt very luxurious.  I had a fantastic time walking around the habitat with all the beautiful waterfalls and animals.  Plus, the pool was great and had these cool caves that were fun to play in.  The casino was okay...a little too cold for my liking but still fun.I also got to try one of their restaurants Voga and was very impressed.  Great service and wonderful service.  I will definitely not mind staying here again.
4	stayed in the newly renovated tower and the rooms were much better than expected.  the room size was a little cramped but the flat screen tv and the tv in the bathroom mirror made it better.  :)however, the 4 star review is due to the view from our room which was absolutely AMAZING.  we looked right into the strip and we were able to watch the bellagio fountain show from the comfort of our room.  loved it.also, the cafe at the hotel was a good lowkey breakfast place with reasonable prices which was much needed after spending too much $$ elsewhere in the city.  :)
4	We stayed in a newly renovated "GO" room - and I'm glad we did, as the people in our party who chose the old style rooms were complainin' - a LOT. The GO rooms are kinda like staying on board Virgin Airlines. Sleek mod white plastic, hot pink accents, auto-curtains, an empty mini-fridge to keep your stuff in, an iPod plug-in for the cd player/radio, a HUGE flat-screen wall-mounted TV, a chaise lounge by the window and what's this? A small TV monitor built into the bathroom mirror??? With it's own remote?? That's just nuts. The bed was super-plush, our view was spectacular and the maids not only obeyed our "do not disturb" sign, they came back as soon as we left the room every day and did an amazing cleaning/straightening job. They definitely earned their tips! In addition, my friends got married in the Garden Chapel, and the staff could not have been more helpful and awesome through the entire process. And the pool was VERY nice. Tons of chairs lining the entire length of the water, so I had no problems finding a spot to bake in while I sipped my (two) mimosa(s) - hey, one was free! What can I say? Sure, the casino floor was a little dated, the buffet was just "eh" and I'm knocking a star off for us arriving at 9:30 am and them not having a room ready until FOUR pm, but overall I loved it. Specifically, I love that they've updated some of the rooms, but kept the overall feeling and outside decor to reflect a classic Rat Pack-era feeling. It wins for being one of the only original casinos left, and not disintegrating into dive-y grossness. Thanks Bugsy, for building the Flamingo - and thanks to the new owners for keeping some of it as is.
3	Now while I never stayed here, I did hang out one day at the pool and the casino floor. My friends were staying here, so we found our way there one hot Vegas afternoon.The pool area blows...so over packed and just full of people sleeping or frying on beach towels on the cement. We did not last long here, and convinced our friends to come back to our pool area (MGM Grand), which is just 100 times nicer, entertaining (lazy river, waterfalls etc) and spacious.The casino floor is pretty cool though and for that it will not get 2 stars. This place wreaks of old school Vegas, and the rat pack were regulars here. The dining options looked good, but we did not par take.They do have low prices for rooms, so if you see a deal...book it and enjoy a decent hotel in a great spot on the strip.
3	I stood at the FlamingHO in April with a group of guys, we got a Go Room Strip View- The room was ok, nice beds nice flat screen TV. The bathroom was weird, the door was like a shadow box thing, it was kinda weird since there was nothing but dudes in the room.The best part of the room was the Bose Stereo, you can connect your IPOD to this thing and it cranks! We had music blasting all night, never had security or neighbors knock on our door. The beds were comfy, I think I would pass out by the end of the night i think I would have been just as comfortable in the shower.THe Flamingo was ok, I hate their Casino.. HET table game suck, way tooo many 6:5 payouts total BS. Right next door was Oseahs, we played beer pong there, good drink specials and th vibe was prtty awesome met a lot of cool chicks there.  Once again the table games sucked ass. Nothing but 6:5 Tables.The only thing we ate at the Flamingo was Margaritaville, or however you spell it, drinks were pricey but it's vegas and the nacho chips were really good. If you go get the balcony view, you can drink each the nachos and talk shit about people as you watch them walk the strip. Good Times.We saw George Wallace while we were there, he is there Star Comedian Act. he sucked cock and balls not worth 90 Bucks.. If you're going to see a show see Vinnie FavoritoThe pool is great though, that's the best thing about the FlamingHO. Awesome pool scene.A lot of hookers who bother you in the late hours, that's a minus or a plus depending what you're looking for.Overall, Ok hotel would not stay there again because the Table Games at all HET properties suck ass.
2	I stayed here for a week for a conference...and it was...disguisting.  I think my major flaw was that I was sober.  If it hadn't been for a lack of drugs and alcohol during the days, I probably would not have noted the mismatched furniture, stained couch, lack of a coffee maker / refrigerator / or any modern conveniences.   Since I was on a business trip, I needed to access the internet--which would have been easy if I could find their advertised wireless internet access "for a nominal fee".  The wireless access was attached by a cord, and the "nominal fee" was $12 / day.  Reading other reviews, it seems I might have been more impressed with a Go room...didn't really know about them.  Oh well.
4	I didn't expect this place to be that great. I thought it was going to be just like the Imperial Palace except in white and pink. I was surprised. The room must have been renovated recently because everything was new. It was also alot more spacious than some of the other hotel rooms I've stayed at in Vegas. If you are with a big group of people, they also have that thing where you can get two rooms connected by a door inside the rooms. But the best thing about this place is the location. Right in the middle of the action. Can't beat that for the price.
2	Room was hot as hell, the ac man couldn't seemt to fix the problem. .
3	Not as glitzy as the other hotels on the strip but it's a cheap place to stay and who doesn't love waking up to flamingos just outside the window. The buffet is cheap! Not great but cheap. Everything about the flamingo is like a flamingo, not as glitzy as a peacock but not as dull as a chicken?Live, Laugh, and LunchPatty
4	C'mon, people, the Flamingo isn't bad at all!!!It is not loaded with glitz and glitter like some of the newer Strip hotels, but it's more than worth the cheap price you'll probably get.Good:  POOL (w/ Craps and BJ poolside), Sports book (comfy chairs and it's right in the main floor not separate), Margaritaville (corny, but good food).  Also, you can check in at the airport.  While I gambled poolside, my wife was able to snag drinks by just standing next to me for a few minutes.Just OK:  the standard room.  We didn't get a Go room, but we did have a Strip view and the huge windows are cool for dancing naked in front of (I don't THINK you can see from outside..?)  The buffet was OK, not great.I thought the casino floor was pretty damn big.  We played mostly outside by the pool, but inside we also played near the front where the ladies deal blackjack.  Drinks came quick and full-size beers not just little glasses.Bad:  Someone ripped off my shorts (with phone) from under my chair at the pool.  Luckily I had my wallet and cash on me.  Security did the report, but sadly, that 2-year verizon POS is gone forever.  Oh well...
3	The Flamingo is a pretty good deal for the money considering the location. There is nothing glitzy or fancy about this place (as most other yelpers have noted) but they have a very nice garden area with beautiful fountains and flamingos hanging out. It was a nice distraction from the chaos that is the strip.Nothing really special about this place to note. They have decent sized clean rooms and the casino is centrally located to other cool places (Caesars, Bellagio, Paris, etc). They did not have a nightclub that I recall but have a few bars and most importantly a 24 hour cafe for me to pig out at 3AM after a night of debauchery.
5	I love this hotel mostly for the historic significance of it and its location on the strip.  You cannot beat the location for the price.  The rooms are decently sized and are cleaner than some other hotels in Vegas.  The garden in the back of the hotel is neat and is quite different from the other hotels on the strip.  The flamingos and penguins are also cute and fun to watch.  Staff is friendly and accommodating.  Buffet is cheaper than most others in Vegas and is very good.  Try the champagne brunch!  One of my favorite things in Vegas!
2	Stayed at the Flamingo w/ a friend who had a room here for a conference (so I didn't pay, but I can still Yelp, can't I??!?).  Anyway, I was thinking I'd give this place 3-stars.  I mean it's alright.  The room is adequate and fairly basic.....but c'mon!  This is Vegas.  Everything should be at a higher level here.  The bathroom was a little junky and there were some rusted fixturing in the bath tub.  Internet access was not free.  The walls weren't terribly noise-proof.It was a decent place though.  The hotel is HUGE!  It was like a maze getting to our room---the room was so far from the elevator.  All in all an average experience at one of Vegas' historic hotels.
2	The main reason I give this hotel 2 stars instead of 1 is because of the location. It is central to most of the nicer hotels and casinos on the strip. If you are looking for a nice hotel to stay at I would not recommend the Flamingo. The casino is one of the smokier ones and the staff is not friendly. The rooms, elevator, and hallway floors are dirty and have either spilled beer or vomit?
3	Stayed here during CES 2009.  This room was booked by my friend who combined our players' cards to get a discounted rate of $320 for 4 nights.   Something went wrong, so since I arrived early, I wanted to check in first, but couldn't because they didn't have my name on the reservation, and I had to wait for my friend to arrive later in the afternoon.  At least I could drop my stuff off and head for the show.When my friend did arrive and check-in, everything was all screwed up.  First, they didn't have me registered in the system, which wasn't a big deal since they did have a room for 2 queen beds.  Then, they thought there were going to be 4 people in the room, but the reservations were only for two.  The good thing though, was that since it was for 2 people, they lowered the rate to $180 for the 4 nights, making our average less than $50/night for the room.The one thing about the Flamingo that was strange was this perfume smell that was everywhere in the hotel and casino.  My clothes smelled like it.  Otherwise, just like most of the other Harrah's properties nearby (except for Caesar's) it provided pretty much the same amenities I would have expected.
3	Its ok... a little tired, slots work well !!!!!!! Easy on sidewalk access
4	I booked a Go! Luxury Room w/strip view. It was very sexy/mod, the decor was just faaaabulous! I'm a big fan of the hot pink & white patent. We really enjoyed the set up of our room, the fact that there was a fridge (a first, for me in Vegas at least), and I really liked the fact that there was a tub seperate from the shower (a nice soaking tub at that). Luckily a LUSH opened in Vegas not too long ago, so me & the girls popped in to pick up some bath bombs and bubble bars to indulge. We had a fabulous view of the Bellagio fountains, staff was very friendly. This isn't my #1 favorite hotel to stay at while I'm there, but it was nice and I had such a good time there I will probably return eventually! At least once.   :)I was there while it was snowing, so unfortunately the pool was closed. The wildlife habitat was open though, I felt bad for the poor flamingos... it was freezing! LoL. There was a beautiful white swan I saw as well, really cool!
3	This past weekend bf and I stayed at Flamingo. I figured Flamingo is dead center of the strip so it would be convenient to get to and from our hotel. We had to go to vegas for a wedding and I only had a few weeks notice. I searched high and low for decent hotels. I read tons and tons of reviews and flamingo seemed to have gotten decent reviews. I got a pretty good deal $75/night on expedia.com. I knew full well that this was an older hotel and I wasn't expecting much. And not much is exactly what I got. The walls are really thin and we could overhear the couple next door getting their groove on. The restroom was old and tiles were cracking. However the shower head water pressure was strong. We stayed two night and the cleaning people didn't even bother to give us new shampoo, lotion or soap after they cleaned our rooms the first night. How stingy! The bed was comfy however there was no real comforter. There were like two extra thin covers and sheets. Bleh. The only real positive was that it was relatively easy to find parking, and we didn't have to walk through the casino to get to our rooms. Check in was fast and simple. Not sure if I will stay here again....
3	It did the job. We got a remodeled room that was dope - pink lighted shower, cool white tufted headboards, a killer view- but it was a postage stamp. Good for two, but not four women. The glass bathroom walls look mod and sleek, but aren't very practical for privacy. Unless everyone can hang out with their business hangin' low, two peeps cannot piss and shower at the same time without getting really personal. Anyway, casino was decent, table limits are a little high, but its in the middle of the strip with plenty of other casinos to check out.
3	IhateLas Vegas.That being said, this was an okay hotel.  I got the best room available to the public, and it was $130.  And it was decent.  So, that's not bad.  And the room service buffalo wings were decent, and only $10.  And that's not bad.  But they wanted to charge me for Internet access.  Which is bad.  And there was almost no way to plug in my laptop and sit on the bed and put together PowerPoint slides, because the outlet was so far away.  And that's not good.  And I showed up to check in at 10:00 at night, and it took them 20 minutes to get me checked in.  And that's bad.  And, you can basically smoke anywhere in this place, much like most of Las Vegas, and that sucks.  Listen, I have a lot of bad habits myself, so I'm not judging anyone.  But, I try not to inflict my bad habits on others (with fair-to-middling success).  'Nuff said.All in all, Flamingo did an average job of housing me for the 22 hours I spent in Vegas.  For the benefit of the Las Vegas Tourism Council, I will note:1. I did not gamble with a single penny of money during that time;2. I never left my hotel during that time;3. The only alcohol I consumed was free, as part of the seminar I was speaking at.Thus, while my general prohibition on being physically present in Las Vegas was broken (through circumstances beyond my control), I held to my principles as closely as possible.
4	3.5 Stars (4 for the renovated room, 3 for the regular room)The main reason to stay at this hotel is because it is right in the middle of the strip in the most convenient location, and you don't pay the price of the more posh hotels located around it.  Nothing really special about it except for the convenience and the price.  You can experience the other hotels that are a short walk across the street or next door.  (Caesars is directly across the street and only took a few minutes to walk there.)  I've stayed at other hotels in Vegas, including Caesars and Palazzo, and although these hotels are *way* more luxurious, the price and location of the Flamingo make it an affordable and sensible alternative.  We got a good deal off expedia.com for airfare and hotel, which included a $30 resort credit (which we used at the buffet- don't waste it on this, as the Paradise Garden Buffet wasn't all that great) and a 2-for-1 show ticket deal, which we didn't end up using.Don't let the age of the hotel fool you, although it is an older hotel, it doesn't look or smell like it.  I'm always afraid of staying at older hotels because of this, and was pleasantly surprised!  No mildew smell or anything, even in the rooms that aren't renovated!  It was also very clean, even the bathrooms!  We stayed in an older room at first and then upgraded to a renovated room just for the experience, NOT because there was something wrong with the older room.  The newer room had a flat screen TV, a more comfortable bed (pillow top!) and an updated bathroom with a TV in the mirror!  The older room was just a regular hotel room, with no bells and whistles.The only complaint I have is that the walls are very thin, even in the renovated room (which was so pretty though!  very modernized!), I could hear the muffled voices of men talking next door early in the morning.  Not good for your neighbors if you are staying in a group! The casino is ok, just a normal casino, but I don't gamble very much so I'm not the expert in this area.  We ate at a few places at this hotel, at the Paradise Garden Buffet (see above) and Voga, their higher-end "italian" restaurant that is open for only a few hours in the evening.  I am planning to do seperate reviews of these, so stay tuned.  Overall I would definitely reccomend the Flamingo hotel if you are on a budget, but still want to experience the Vegas Strip without having to Cab it everywhere!  Try the renovated room if you want to have a more luxury experience.
1	Look, I'm writing this out of love, because the location can't be beat. It's time for a little makeover. My room was a little shopworn. It's a big room, but I could have done with a little less communal space, and a bigger bathroom with an additional vanity somewhere. The lighting in the room was not bright enough for work, and $14 a day for Internet access?! There's so many other ways to gauge a guest, like charging for breathing. Heaven forbid you need something printed - it's so convoluted, and you only have 15 minutes to get it done or you repeat the whole process. Why no soap dishes? Our room was only vacuumed once during my three-night stay. The refrigerator didn't work. The bathroom fan was not functional; it didn't ventilate the area, and every time you turned the light off, the fan let out a death rattle that was no longer funny the 19th time you heard it. The iron leaked trying to use the steam function. The Diamond lounge? The vibe was like visiting Aunt Mildred at Shady Pines for dinner. The staff was friendly and attentive, but it appeared to be a little understaffed. Guess I'll try Caesar's...
5	Get a GO room! Worth the extra $$. They are so cool. Perfect for a girls trip. The regular rooms are kind of dumpy. The 'mingo is a great value for being directly on the strip. Thier outdoor bar is cheap and great for people watching. Long review short - I LOVE the 'mingo. Pink Pink everywhere!! So fun.
1	Their customer service is like that movie Brazil where the guy is driven to psychosis by all the meaninglessness and futility of a massive impersonal bureaucracy.I've developed a tick after several stressful months of trying to book a family reunion.  As a result people think I'm winking at them, but in reality it's just a symptom of my neurons committing suicide each time I get the runaround from these incompetent boobs.
2	Surprisingly nicer than I expected... but still a bit janky. The casino was fun... but the hotel had a pretty bad layout - I don't think I've ever had such a difficult time navigating around to fine my room. Beds were ok... blankets kinda scratchy...
4	The Flamingo. What can I say. I thought it would be HELLA old school like Downtown but it wasn't too bad at all. The rooms wouldn't cool down as much as I'd like but I had a great view of the strip, got the rooms upgraded with my friends hookups, and it had everything I needed so no major complaints. The price was GREAT so I may just have to stay there again. LOL :)I'm not a gambler but I started gambling a bit with my friends and drinking. I drank a bit tooooooooooooooo much and ended up losing most of my money!!!!!!!!! Well I guess the drinks helped or something because after the club I played some dinky slots AND????? I won my money back plus a bit more! Yay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Spent pennies on the room, won my money back, and it was conveniently located to a lot of the things everyone wanted to do so.... FOUR STARS! Who thought I'd give the Flamingo four stars right?:D
3	after the check in fiasco where they demanded to hold an extra 300 dollars on my check card for "incendentals", my shower door breaking and having to stand there soaking wet for over an hour, the blow dryer not working and no help with either situation for a very long time...i was pissed the fuck off and ready to walk out...then i got drunk so i calmed down. the new room remodel was cute, it was a bit like a candy store...a little to much pink. the new ipod dock was really sweet. comfy  beds etc...i did fear for my life everytime i got in an elevator. the noises they made sounded like they havent been oiled since bugsy malone died. on the plus side..the new italian ish place that is there rocked my socks. and amazing me, great service....that saved this place. its location is cool..but next time im heading down town. i guess im a little more comfortable on the dirty side of town.
3	You get what you pay for, and that's how I would think of this hotel.  The location was flat out great....right about in the middle of the strip, with one of the Monorail stations right out in back of the hotel.  We got the base model room, and I agree with the last guy...our room was never what I would consider 'cool'.  The A/C was running the whole time(at least the fan was running) but the room never seemed to cool down...and it never let set it cooler than 65.  Also, the light switch just inside the door was on the verge of breaking...But, since we didn't plan on using the room for much more than sleeping, it met our purpose.The casino floor was not big...but I may have been spoiled by living too close to Foxwoods.  Drink service was not fast....had much faster service at Paris and New York, New York.  Also....the damn people camped out by the elevators trying to convince you to listen to their 'Vacation Club' Spiel were ANNOYING.  I started taking the long way into the elevator to avoid them The breakfast buffet was passable(Paris was better) and the Habitat Trail was an enjoyable distraction for an hour or two....All in all, downtown prices in an on the strip locale...
4	i don't care what anyone says, i loved the flamingo. my bf and i got a great deal here a couple years ago. before we went everyone was saying "well its not the nicest hotel in vegas but its ok." so i didn't know what to except, but from the front desk all the way to our room it was great. we arrived a few hours early but still got to check into our room and  they even gave us one a few floors higher with a really cool view of the gardens. the room was super clean, big and the bed was pretty comfy. and there was a huge picture window which was cool if you're feeling a little frisky. uhhhh i mean.....huge plus that margaritaville was attached to it. we ate there pretty much everyday.and osheas casino was right next door where we won all our money.go see vinnie favorito hes an effin riot.
4	I just spent two weeks at The Flamingo while setting up and tearing down a convention and had the opportunity to stay in both the standard and the Go! rooms.  There is definitely a difference.A standard room at The Flamingo is nice enough.  You can tell that the hotel has some years on it, but it's been refurbished enough to be on par with a Holiday Inn.  The furniture is recent, the linens are clean, the bathroom fixtures are old but they work, and the room is a bland shade of beige.  The people you see in the halls are either fellow conventioneers or retirees spending their kids' inheritance.The Go! rooms at the Flamingo, on the other hand, are modern, and everything in them seems to be designed for you to Go! Have! Sex!  The mattress and linens are upgraded, the headboard is padded for your convenience, you'll find a chaise lounge in front of the window that's big enough for two, the drapes have bedside electronic controls, there's a nice Denon stereo system with an iPod dock and a 52" plasma on the wall, and the bathroom has a tub and separate shower with jets in the wall along with a TV behind the glass in the mirror.The Go! rooms are quite fun, and yes, they are well suited for what they seem to be designed for.  Our go room seemed a little cramped compared to the standard room, but I think that comes from enlarging the bathroom and building out the wall to make room for the larger closet and built-in entertainment center.  (Having a view of the strip and the Bellagio fountains was nice, too).  You won't find too many drawers in the room or space for large suitcases, or much counter space in the bathroom... but you'll have much more fun in the Go! room when you're traveling with your SO that you won't care.  I liked this room as much as I liked mine at the Hard Rock.As mentioned elsewhere, the Flamingo does put a $100/day security hold on your credit card for incidentals, so it's advised to check in with a credit card as opposed to a debit card.  Room rates are a decent value, and you can't beat the location on the center of the strip.  The monorail is the best way to get to the Las Vegas Convention Center, and the stop is close to one of the room tower's elevators.Service was responsive when I had problems with the thermostat in my standard room and a burned out light bulb - they sent someone over within 10 minutes.  They do kick it up a notch in the Go section, with a phone message from the concierge when you check in and a music CD to set the mood of the room to play in the stereo system.  The pool here is one of the best in Vegas, although $8 for a Corona by the pool is outrageous.  You'll drink cheaper next door at O'Shea's or Bill's, as long as you don't mind that dingy downtown experience in the middle of the strip.So, if you're here alone on business, cheap out in the standard room.  If you're here to get your swerve on, go directly to Go!
3	If you want to experience old Las Vegas without having to go downtown or to Fremont street, then I suggest you experience the Flamingo Hilton and Casino. The standard hotel rooms vary in style and size; the newer rooms have a flat screen TV not only in the main room, but in the bathroom as well. For you coffee fanatics, try the drinks at the "Pink Bean." I strongly recommend the snickers and/or mocha flavored frozen lattes which cost $5.99 for a medium sized cup, but well worth the creamy goodness in your mouth (please think clean thoughts, not dirty ones). Anyhoo, I also like the blackjack tables, especially the $15 "Lucky Lady" jackpot tables. Oh and if you want to catch a show with the perks of an intimate theater, then watch the "Donny and Marie" show, it's a little bit country and a little bit rock 'n roll:)
4	I'm a huge fan! This was my first stay at the Flamingo. I randomly always end up staying at the Excalibur, so this trip I worked real hard to convince the gals to stay anywhere but there. I need a change! Oh and what a welcome change the Flamingo was! I was so happy that it was centrally located to everything we wanted on the Strip and even a walk to NY NY seemed quick. It could also have been the giant Eiffel Tower shaped pina colada I was chugging, but I can't confirm. :) Our room had a Strip view, which was really cool. 5 of us stayed in one room w/ a rollaway cot and had no issues with space. The room was nothing fancy like their Go rooms, but it was clean and well appointed. Oh and the pool! The pool was the whole reason we chose the Flamingo. Recently renovated, it's huge. The family pool had ample places to lay, but be warned. On warm weekends, that place was packed by 930am. If you're planning to spend the day by the pool, go early to claim your space. The Go pool, their 21+ "European-style" pool was a tad bit of a letdown. I was really hoping for some topless sunbathing, but when we went, the place was packed. And it was a meat market. AND no one was topless. What's the point?! We headed back to the family pool and were thoroughly satisfied. People watching in the casino was the best, ESPECIALLY when we spotted the CIA guys!!!! Bahahahahaha! Oh and the bromance oozing all over the place was a sight to behold.
4	The Flamingo isn't the most blinging hotel in Vegas. No, the Bellagio or MGM Grand or a couple others might eclipse the aging Flamingo but its a great place to stay. There was a special going on Expedia that we found and for two round trip tickets from Baltimore to Vegas and 5 days at the Flamingo in the Go Rooms was $660. A pretty damned good deal.We showed up to the hotel and had a little time to kill before our rooms were available. I'm sure it was just a way to get you to gamble a little bit and get a lay of the land for the casino. We checked our luggage and had it brought up to our rooms after they were ready. The Go Rooms are roomy enough, clean, and we had a great view of the strip. Our rooms were cleaned in the morning and always had a nice made bed. Room service said they were backed up but food was brought only after about 20 minutes. Decent food...good when you're back from the casinos or a show nice and drunk.The crowning point of the hotel isn't the casino though. Or the rooms, the places to eat but its the location and the pool. The hotel sits right on the strip and in the middle of everything. It has a monorail access point at the bottom of the hotel which makes transportation easy.The pool though was my favorite. A large pool with 4 waterfalls was where I spent a good time sleeping off hangovers and resting up for the crazy nights to come. There are tons of room to sit, but with so many people coming and going, space is at a premium. The pool is clean and cool, a great place to beat the heat. The hotel does offer a topless pool but I can't speak on that. I do believe its free for women and $10 for male guests except Friday and Saturday when it is $20. Cabanas are available around the pool but you can't get sun in a covered Cabana!! There are gorgeous waitresses in tiny pink bikinis that will take your drink orders and sometimes Chippendales guys come around and hand tickets out to the ladies.A great bang for your buck. Nothing glitzy or high end but its clean, convenient, and close to anything you need. A recommendation for people on a budget but still want the strip experience.
2	Just got back from Vegas...what an awesome fun time! Too bad I can't say the same for the customer service at the Flamingo Hotel on the strip! Let me first say during my experience with the front desk personnel I was completely sober...they just lack in tact and professionalism! People send a lot of money to enjoy their stay in Vegas and because of this they should get the professional help that they deserve! Won't be staying their again! I recommend the Luxor...that was a better experience!
4	This hotel is amazing. From the minute you walk in the energy is just so alive, upbeat, and positive. The check-in line was VERY long but for the size of it, it moved along pretty quickly. The room was great, with a great view of the lush and gorgeous pool area. The pool area was crowded, but amazing. They serve great mojitos at the bar area, just FYI. The room wasn't anything fancy but it was clean and relaxing. Overall I would reccomend the Flamingo. Its a GREAT deal with an even better location, right in the middle of the strip.
4	I've stayed at the Flamingo the last couple of times I've been to Vegas. I really can't complain. It may not be the fanciest or newest hotel on the strip (it was actually the third resort to open up in Vegas) but it's been renovated and looks just fine to me. I've enjoyed staying here so far. Two thumbs up for a great pool area. I can't wait for my next trip to sin city.
1	EEEEEK! DO NOT STAY HERE! i really only have to say two words to convince you--BED BUGS.yes, and this is NO JOKE! so jason and i stayed here because his parents managed to get a really good deal for two nights. sure the price was good, but nothing can compensate for how dirty it was! so-- jason and i are not snobs at all when it comes to hotels, especially in vegas right? because most of the day & night youre out doing your thing and would only really be in the room to pass out after one too many margaritas-- however, the BED BUGS were gross enough to make sure you didnt over do it on the drinks, or even sleep for that matter, just to make sure you didnt get eaten alive! to make you cringe even more-- my boyfriend called the front desk to let them know about our findings in our room, and the manager just shrugged it off-- he just offered us another room like it was an everyday occurrence! while the rooms at the flamingo may be cheap-- so are a lot of other places on the strip-- so stay somewhere else! however, if you do insist staying here make sure youre ready for some extra company in your bed -- and i dont mean that in the way your probably would imagine in vegas either.
5	I loved this hotel.  The Flamingo Wedding Chapel coordinated our entire wedding and we stayed there for all 10 days of our wedding and honeymoon.Although the travel site we used to book our trip was a nightmare and had somehow missed a step between taking our reservation and sending it to the hotel, the woman who checked us in was wonderful.  She apologized (even though it was not the hotel's fault) and eventually found our convoluted reservation.  As an added bonus, she gave us a huge discount on the upgrade we wanted.The wedding chapel was amazing; they eliminated the stress of planning a wedding and the package prices were very reasonable.  All I had to do was select the music I wanted and hand them my iPod.  The garden where we were married was beautiful; it was secluded and the gazebo was covered in ivy.  Come on!As for the hotel itself, I really enjoyed my stay.  The Go Room was really nice with some impressive upgrades.  Who doesn't want to watch TV in the bathroom?  Especially when it's inside the mirror?The casino was great, although we spent a lot of time playing beer pong at O'Shea's and snagging $0.99 margaritas at Bill's Gamblin' Hall & Saloon.The Flamingo is in a great location (right on the strip) and within walking distance to other major casinos and hotels.The hotel also has a stop on the metro which makes longer treks much easier.  I would highly recommend this hotel.
4	Fabulous, serendipitous find.I booked this, unknown,  from Hotiwre, wanting  "Central Strip" to be near the Mirage for the Love show, while saving most of the $$ for what was most improtant. (See StripSteak review!)We ended up getting this place for $100/ night in February. The location can't be beat. Right across from Ceaser's, nestled between Paris and the Venetian. Even has its own monorail stop. The location itself makes it a great value at that price, but we were pleasantly suprised that we dug the vibe as well. It's got that retro, kitsch, Old-School Vegas feel without being incredibly dated or run-down. It's certainly not as plush or new as some of its neighbors, but there's nothing much to complain about. We liked the all the pink and lights, the "wildlife park" of birds and actual flamingos in center of the space. Early February, we couldn't take advantage of the sprawling pool and jacuzzi grounds, but we walked around and got a sense of how dope it is. They have slides and stuff! The pool area is retro but banging. Near the pool is also a shrine to the original owner of the casino, Mr. Bugsy Seagull himself, replete with history-lesson on the man.  For newbie- gamblers, we appreciated the lower-key feel of the game floor. We were able to integrate ourselves into a Roulette game and learn as we went. At Caeser's, the tables were too intimidating for that with all the hustle and bustle and those serious faces. Not to mention, the Flamingo had lower minimum bets! I had read about the remodeled Pink rooms and tried to request one, but since I went through Hotwire, I don't think I was really eligible. However, when we checked in we were told that we received a complimentary upgrade to a "Junior Suite". The room was NOT the remodeled pink kind, but it was huge, a separate bedroom for sleeping, and then a living room with a couch, tv, desk, closet,  and huge window with a moderately decent view. The best thing about this kinda "suite" is that the windows aren't in the bedroom, so you can really sleep your little heart out without any light coming in. The decor was nothing special, mostly beige, but it didn't bother me any. DInner next door at Paris. Seasonal displays at across the street at Bellagio. Shopping at Ceasers Forum and then at Venetian Mall for good measure. Dollar beers at whats-its-scum a few buildings over. Perfect location and 100% Vegas, as this was  *THE* *FIRST *HOTEL* on the strip.
2	Old school Las Vegas charm my butthole.  Lets bullet point this:- The room was dustier than my apartment.- The staff was rude at best, terrifyingly weird at worst.- The food choices make you glad there's a Subway down the street.- The casino makes you glad you're surrounded by two million others.- All the annoying drunks tend to congregate on the patio outside Margaritaville- Their marquee performers are Donny and Marie, who should be deported to Afghanistan (and not to entertain our troops)- Terrible, overpriced bars.- Insane check in and check out lines.And now the pros:- It's cheap.
3	Margaritaville is the highlight of this property, in my opinion.  I love their volcano nachos, and the show is worth seeing.  However, the drunks do seem to congregate here, as I read in another review.This hotel is not somewhere I would choose stay, so I cannot speak to the rooms.  I have a feeling that would take a star or two away from this rating.  In looking at their site, the rooms appear to be updated.  Regardless, there are so many deals at even the top properties in Vegas that there is no reason to try a room here.  The location is fantastic, right in the heart of the Strip, across from Caesar's Palace and close to everything.I have played in their casino and it is nicer than a few of its neighbors, but not by much.  Just a casino.  I will tell you that if you like playing on the cheap, the neighbors have lower minimum bets on most tables.
1	I'm giving this one star for it's poor customer service, mainly this waitress name Eileen. My friends and I were playing paigow and Eileen this waitress just totally ignored our table not even asking for drinks. And when she did, Eileen just asked this lady in the corner ignoring everyone else. I literally had to pull her to our table after passing us three to four time. I complained to the pit boss and Eileen complaint was that she served us too many alcohol already. Excuse her, it was another party she served. Just because the party she served was Asian doesn't necessary constitute everyone being singled out. At the same time, no one was drunk!! When we wanted to order a drink of alcohol, Eileen called the table idiots! This is very unprofessional and easily avoided. I tried to complain to the beverage manager Michael Mitchell, whatever his name was. He was no help just siding with the waitress and not knowing the entire story. At the same time the waitress should never spill out any profanity period. All Michael said was sorry with a very poor attitude.  He could have done more then just say that. Besides that the hotel itself was pretty nice.
3	Ok, after reading all of the negative reviews, was not sure what to expect. We got there and it was actually ok. I mean, no it is not fancy or anything like that, but our room was a standard room, it was big enough, clean and housekeeping did a great job. We stayed there for two nights and our stay was very pleasureable. The downside was the pool, yes, it has pretty waterfalls, but it was wayyyyy too crowded and it looks like they will let anyone off the street in, since they do not ask for a room key?? Also, the pool was very dirty, a lot of drunken debris flowing about....We did not go back to the pool for the remainder of our stay....but overall the hotel deserves the three stars!
3	Second stay at the Flamingo was similar to the first.  I had a "GO" room with Strip view and that was nice as you can see the Bellagio Fountains do their dance from the comfort of your room. ...Room has a shower but no tub. ...Loved the i-pod dock and real stereo complete with a subwoofer. ...Comfy bed. ...24 hour room service but one night the wait was two hours for a simple breakfast for one. ...Internet access is $14 per night. ...Good and fast Valet service. ...Lines to check -in can be very long around noon to 2 PM (unless you have status at Harrahs Casino's). ...Good value relative to other Strip hotels.
3	Is bigger really better? this hotel is hugh and busybusybusy. lines to check in and sometimes out  people people every where elevators always full. lucky i am a early riser so i had a few hours to wander around w/out a mass of people. we did not get a go room we were in the old part of the hotel the room was clean,comfortable  and quiet for the most part. but was a 3 minute walk to the elevators usually a 4/5 wait for a elevator you could squeeze in. It was a chore to get to the casino.It was the 4th of july weekend but i have a feeling this property is always busy. got a good price on the room but i can see why just because of it,s location in the hotel. staff seamed fairly congenial for the all day kaos they see and deal with.   ps they charge 13.95 for internet connection
4	Location is great - middle of the strip.  Upgrade to the GO room or you will think you are in a Motel 6 and will be disappointed.  If you make your reservation through the Flamingo - they will send you a GO promotion gift certificate for $25 - USE IT!  The rooms view of the strip is really nice!  Pool is crowded and kind of far away from the hotel.   But the pool is really large and tropical looking with a slide.  Of course accompanied by a full bar. The check-in line - get a drink - it will take awhile!  Unless you are a gambler, the total rewards card is a joke.  For everyone $100 you spend in one of the casinos on the list - you get $1 in the future for your next trip to Las Vegas.  Of all the casinos we went to - this was the least smoky.  Didn't eat at the casino - at the north edge is Margaritaville - just right for my age group!  Great drinks and burgers of course!
3	Booked our room on the Flamingo website for under $70 a night.  When we arrived we were asked if we wanted to upgrade for a small fee.  My only problem was that they showed us the price which was what was quoted online.  We signed it thinking that was it.  We kept saying wow that upgrade didn't cost anything....however when we called to check out they said we had so much in charges to the room.  When we asked why they said it was for the upgrade.  My issue is why couldn't they have just charged us in full when we checked in or at least gave us the whole bill.  Kind of annoying and I assume it was probably some not doing there job right.Anyway for the upgrade we were put in a Neopolitan Suite which was nice and we were able to get it for way under what they usually charge.  We had lots of room and an amazingly comfortable king size bed.  We had a flatscreen tv by the bed and across the room which everytime we turn one off the other would turn on.  The large bathroom had a tv in the mirror which was a nice touch.  The shower and tub were seperate.  I would have loved a jacuzzi tub but it was just your average tub.  The shower had jets but I am too short so I couldn't use them. We never had a long wait for the elevators.  Not many good food options in the hotel so we always ate somewhere else.  We had a view of the pools but never had the free time to go swimming.  The showers were pretty bad too.  Donny and Marie...yuck.I'd stay here again because it was cheap, we had a nice room, and the central location on the strip and there is also a monorail out back.  However the front desk needs to get their act together and just do the whole bill at once.
3	I only paid $35/night to stay in July, because I booked it on Vegas.com in April.   Cant beat the price for the location (across from Caears) and the POOL. Love the pool. Good music, water volleyball, nice little slide, and a 21+ area to escape the kiddies and go topless.  My sis and I went in there, but did not go topless and actually there was only 1 gal topless. Guys have to pay $10 to get in, girls are free, either way, its a lot nicer quieter pool with better waitress service and nicer chaise lounges.    The room itself is nice, got one overlooking the pool, but it was a hike to the elevator.   We valet parked everyday and if you do that, remember to take the shortcut thru the pool area to get to the valet. Much easier and more pleasant that schleping thru the casino.  Checkout was a drag, it took 1hour and 15mins from the time I called for a bellhop til the time I got my car packed up from the Valet.    If I went in winter I would probably stay at Harrahs instead because it seemed funner, the carpets were nice and clean, and the rooms had nicer trim and touches( but were a bit smaller). Also Harrahs is a tiny bit closer to the Carnaval Court, Chipotle, Panda Express, and best of all, it has the Dueling Pianos in the casino area!!!
5	I loved the Flamingo.  I loved my room, the Axl Rose impersonator at Margaritaville and Vinnie Favorito.  Ok so I didn't actually go see the Axel Rose impersonator or Vinnie Favorito but I liked the advertisements.  Our room was great.  It was spacious, had easy to clean vinyl headboards and a view of the pool.  Which I can't say enough about.  The pool is one of my favoritos in all of Vegas -haha, get it favorites, favoritos, Vinnie.  It's landscaped.  There are trees you can sit under.  They let you swim in the pool with your beer.  The DJ isn't too bad either.  We managed to find two seats every day we were there.  So my only complaint about the room is the sliding glass bathroom door.  It creeps me out!  There is a trade-off, they do have a TV in the bathroom mirror.  I was standing in the shower glued to Daisy of Love while scrubbing myself.  It was bizarre, addicting and wonderful all at the same time.  The price is right for the Flamingo!  Not to mention the location is excellente.
4	In 2003, the Flamingo had penguins on display. That's enough for a 5 star rating from me.Unfortunately, the penguins moved when I went in 2007.I have stayed at the Flamingo probably 10 or so times, and the rooms have always been nice. The view, however, was exceptional. Most of the time we had a perfect view of the Bellagio fountains, and it was great. It was really interesting to see from a higher view.The pool at the Flamingo is very nice. It's a perfect 'laze away and tan' pool with scenic falls and nice foliage. I also enjoy the gardens and birds they have on site.The location of the Flamingo is also nice, it is HARD to miss due to its illuminated bulb logo, and it's right in the center of the action. It's an older hotel, and the buffet and restaurants kind of show their age, but it's very relaxed and chill.My friend and I got two huge flavored margaritas at one of the bars for $3, and they were delicious. We went outside and lounged on chairs under palm trees. It wasn't typical Las Vegas, but it was nice.
5	When staying at the Flamingo...I highly suggest staying in a GO room. The amenties are endless! I primarly enjoyed the flat screen tv, iPod dock in stereo, DVD player & tv in bathroom mirror.           I definately plan on returning very soon...
4	I spent my honeyroom at the Flamingo and was very pleased, but not at first.  We checked in and were greeted by a very pleasant yet professional front desk clerk.  He gave us our key and off we went to check out our room....it was on the 4th floor and I about screamed when I opened the curtain and got a view of the air unit!  So I called guest services ASAP and we were transfer to the 18th floor GO room at no extra charge!  This was more like it...nice comfortable beds, views of the pool, and the over all feel of the room was much more pleasant, the flat screen was a nice touch.  I also enjoyed showering and watching tv in the bathroom.  :)  I would stay here again, the price was right and the location can't be beat.
4	My husband and I recently stayed 4 nights at the Flamingo. It was very nice. Nothing fancy but we had a clean, comfortable, large room with a great view of the strip. All of the staff we encountered were friendly & attentive.  This is a great location on the strip, and the prices are quite reasonable.  My only complaint is that it took an inordinately long time to check in. Despite the long line when we arrived, there were only four clerks working.
3	Twice a year my company throws me in this hotel when I go to the SEMA Car show & CES show for work. I'm usually in the stardard rate room and It's okay. I'm here for work, so I'm satisfied with a room of my own to stay in. It's probably one of the best locations to get to the Las Vegas convention center because the tram station is in the hotel. Usually during the shows they have a special 24 hour pass that saves you a lot of money when you're going back and forth between the convention center and your hotel. My only issue with this place is the stupid hotel floor layout. I usually get put in a room where there is no straight route between my room and the elevator. I have to make several "S" patterns from one side of the hotel to the other side just to get to my room. It's like those lines at Magic Mountain where you see the ride in front of you, but you wait for 2 hours to get on because they use every space possible to criss cross you to your ride. Also the Donnie and Marie dolls at the gift shop scare the hell out of me.
2	2hrs and 4 four rooms later we finaly got an "acceptable room".Room 1-overwhelming odor so stale smoke, super dirty windows and way far from elevator.Room 2-(previosly inhabited), stuff in the trash, towel on the floor, bed covers not done, pubes on the bathroom floor and to top it off, what appeared to be old bloody foot prints on the boxsprint cover of both beds!Room 3-View of a wall and industrial vents and the overwhelming sound of the operating ventsRoom 4(the one we stayed with)-toilet was not working properly and music from somewhere in the hotel could be heard all day and night.Pool-pool is nice but get there when it opens otherwise you will not find a chair.Cleaning service:  The cleaning lady went through my girlfriends bag which she had purposely zipped closed because we were expecting the cleaning service to come since we weren't provided a "Do Not Disturb" sign to begin with, and we cam home to an unzipped bag upon return.Other observations:  Rinky-dink hotel, Elevators falling apart, furniture is old, out-dated and all busted up, Bathroom fixtures are coroded and rusty.  Staff is 50-50 (some were rude while others were very nice).The best thing about this hotel and the only reason we decided to stay there this time around is: THE LOCATION.  For the same price we had a much better experience at Mandalay Bay as the hotel is way better than the Flamingo on all levels but all the walking and the money spent on transportation, it's kind of a killer.....Flamingo is right in the middle of all the action.
4	This was my first time staying at this hotel and I had a blast. I needed digs on the middle of the Strip near Caesars Palace (where my posse were based) and paid extra for 4 nights in a renovated, tricked-out GO room at the Flamingo after seeing some dodgy reviews here for the regular ones. My room rocked! Everything looked brand spanking new and I totally loved the two flat-screen TVs (one embedded in the bathroom mirror), cool electronics, edgy-yet-retro decor, and  neat little lighting effects. For the money, the GO rooms are a top-class deal. I was on the 26th floor and had a stellar view of the Strip to boot. The bed was big and comfortable also- crucial. Given the Flamingo's prehistoric (by Vegas standards) age, I was nicely surprised by how fresh and spiffy the rest of the hotel looked. Everything inside and on the grounds was spotlessly clean and smartly appointed. Check-in and out was fast and friendly, like all the service that I received. The casino was spacious and easy to navigate. The slots are fairly loose and I got an hour of play out of $1 on one of the video poker machines. I did my table gambling elsewhere as the $10-15 minimum bet was a bit much for my budget. The pool area is just awesome, there's a major tropical theme going on and there are palm trees, waterfalls, and lush foliage everywhere. It really feels like you are in the Bahamas (or Singapore or anywhere hot, lush, and tropical really!).  It really is fantastic. There are loads of bars and snack stands nearby, however you do need to get down there early to grab a spot. There's also a GO pool with DJs spinning and topless sunbathing permitted. However, after sunset the Flamingo kind of falls on it's backside. The nightlife options are definitely NOT aimed at the hip, young, and beautiful. I wasn't attracted at all to the main show (the Osmonds-yuck!) or in their flagship nightspot: Margaritaville (what is it with that bloody song anyway?). The Sin City Brewery did look more promising, at least for daytime/early evening drinking, though I didn't stop in there. There is a burlesque show ("X-Burlesque") also. Regarding food- the room service fare is passable and does arrive when they tell you it will. The Burger Joint is decent too. I didn't eat at the steakhouse, the coffee shop, or the Japanese restaurant onsite. The coffee stand (Pink Bean) is ace and serves rockin' java (read: lotsa caffeine!) as well as all sorts of yummy pastries. Wrap up: Get a GO room (they are WELL worth the money), play the slots, hang by the pool, hit the Pink Bean, and just go to one of the nearby resorts for cutting-edge nightlife or more cosmopolitan dining options. All in all, the Flamingo was a great choice.
4	I loved our pink hotel!!To begin with, you must realize that currently the Flamingo is a Donny and Marie whorehouse.Donny Osmond's laughing, joyful face is in at least ten different locations, not to mention the Donny and Marie logo plastered on the entire outside of the hotel.I almost jacked the technicolor dreamcoat! Kidding..Our room was futuristic to no end - erotic pink light in the bathroom, flat screen TV, yet another TV in the freakin bathroom mirror, automatic window-blind opener, and more!Most of all, we could see the Bellagio fountain show from our room! Amaazazazing.We had no problems at all! The location is prime - it has its own monorail station and it's close to everything.It seems from others' reviews that the hotel is a hit or miss. Luckily for us it was a big hit.
4	This older hotel had everything we needed. A crepe/coffe place for breakfast, a pool with poolside bev serv.,a brew pub with super clove infused weiss, cranking A/C and slots that I actaully can walk away with a little spening cash. If you stay here slurge a little bit for the upgraded go rooms....Austin Power(ish) style room.
1	My stay at the Flamingo was a disappointment in so many ways.  I was there for a training class, and my experience was echoed with everyone else in the class.  I won't go into great details on everything, but here are some of the lowlights:Way over-priced.  I've stayed at at least 5 other hotels on the strip that were better and cost less.Unfriendly staff.  The check-in counter was unhelpful, and I felt so unwelcome in the gym that I almost didn't go in.  Paying something like $15 to use a treadmill for an hour should at least come with a smile.  The poor service was constant - even asking people questions on the casino floor got reactions worse than almost anywhere else I go.Oh yah, the super-fancy treadmills sucked.  Bad.  I tried three of them and the treads stuck so bad that I almost hurled myself over the front.No wi-fi in the conference center.  How does the hotel have wi-fi service everywhere except a place where people are actually trying to work?Can't say for sure why, but I couldn't get cell phone service in my room.   I could get service in the basement, but not in my room.  This is possibly not their fault, but I doubt it.  Between the two of them, the only place I could get both cell phone service and wi-fi was on the casino floor.  Other comments from people in my class brought out a wide range of problems.  One of them finally left after the staff was so unhelpful in finding him a quiet room after his first room was rockin' until 4am from the club across the street at Caesars.If you need to be located in this general area on the strip, try Bally's or the Hilton suites right behind the Flamingo.  Both are far superior and less expensive.The only complement I have was that their music selection on the casino floor was very interesting.  I heard some songs I like that I would never, ever expect to hear there.
2	Being one of the older hotels in Las Vegas, it was alright.  I came here 2 months ago for a friends bday, and ended up staying here for the next 3 days.  I did expect better but wasn't too impressed with the hotel itself.When entering the hotel and getting our rooms, it was almost an hour wait due to mix up in pricing for my friends reservations and them trying to over charge due to sale tax increase....to me that doesn't seem very ethical, but whatever...We all ended up staying on the same floor in the smoking area which was decent but could have done better in cleaning the rooms.  I mean I know its the smoking area and they possibly only do a half-fast job b/c it IS the smoking area but they should treat it the same with every new customer sleeping there.Flamingo did re-do the rooms which were trendy and retro looking so they get an extra star for that. But the customer service was a little weak, I kept being on hold for room service like 4x and was on hold for each time like 15mins. When receiving the food was actually pretty fast and ok tasting. (just go to the restaurants within the hotel, much better)Even with signs telling you the locations of things I still ended up being lost within the place. By the 3rd day I got the hang of things and started knowing my way around. But too late, I was already leaving.I do recommend the Burger Joint, food-wise, but again their customer service was really lame. It took them 20mins for our drinks and menus and the food was awesome but we had to wait again like another 35-45mins. I guess it was worth the wait...For a fancy dinner, their restaurant 46 Steaks was very very delicious. We celebrated our friends bday dinner there and was very enjoyable place in general. A little expensive but worth it.When leaving, again, the lines to check out was ridiculous. Even the fast check out wasn't really fast, the poor old guy doing it was backed up himself.  Over it was a moderate place to stay at, it was convenient since it was in the middle of the strip and a walking distance to the Cesar Palace Mall.
3	This is the hotel where I stayed with my mom, sis, cousin, and two family friends for my sister's 21st birthday bash in Vegas! It was pretty good, not the nicest hotel I've ever stayed in, but definitely not the worst. The rooms we stayed in were older & didn't have a lot of the amenities that newer hotels have. The ceiling in the shower was cracked a bit & paint was chipping off, and the pillows were lumpy. Oh, and the pool area was SWARMING with drunk co-eds and even more drunk middle-aged folk. But that's to be expected, especially for the weekend we were there (Labor Day weekend). Overall, though, this place was a good place to stay. There's a great little crepe place in the downstairs, as well as a nice chocolate shop. Plus, the outdoor patio area is pretty, and the real flamingos there are pretty neat.  It's also a less expensive option on the strip, so if you're looking for a place to stay on the cheap, check it out. A 3-star experience in the hotel, though the weekend with family & friends= 5+ stars for sure!
5	I just got back from a Labor Day trip to Vegas.  Some buds and I stayed at Flamingo.  We had a regular room on the 17th floor.  This hotel is great!  We got there really early, about 1030am and the staff allowed us to check in early.  The room was clean and nice.  Great view of the pool.  Plenty of tables to gamble, especially craps.  The pool scene was fantastic!!!!!!  Lots of hot chicks, ratios were nice.  Plus the servers were really hot.  The misters definitely helped since its was 100+ outside.  Plus the whole tropical theme was really cool, especially the flamingo habitat, it reminded me of Cancun.  Another great feature was that Caesar's was across the street, so when your ready to hit Pure (definitely worth the wait), its a pretty short walk.  Plus, Bill's is next door, which is a great place to gamble since the table limits are $5.  Note: to any of the peeps going to Tao, make sure to wear a button down shirt, otherwise you wont get in, we learned this the hard way and avoid JET in the Mirage, the door man are totally scammers and the place was a total POS.  Overall, I'm definitely coming back to Flamingo.
2	Hated this hotel. I stayed here for 3 days and didn't like it a lot. The room that I stayed in was dirty and ghetto. My friends stayed at a "deluxe" room and the decor was better, but not worth it unless you get the upgrade for free. The casino is not as nice either. The only good part about this hotel was the swimming pool.
3	I booked a 3 night stay at this hotel in one of the regular rooms since most of the wedding party was staying here.  I definitely didn't want to be staying here, but out of convenience I booked a room, anyways.  The room was adequate and clean.  The shower seemed really dingy and had those really horrible plastic 99cent shower curtains that were hard to open and close.  The 3 stars are for the prime location on the strip since it is right in front of the Bellagio and Caesar's and a walking distance to the Paris, as well as the staff allowing us to check in around 11am.
3	My husband and I visited here for two reasons: 1) I have this odd compulsion to visit every hotel named in "Fear and Loathing" and 2) I'd read a bit on Bugsy Malone and his dream, and felt it was only fair to visit the hotel. Sooo, upon entering, it seemed to provide somewhat standard Vegas fare, and then my husband spotted the sign with the word "Habitat." Yes! After grabbing a drink for the man (we'd had a nice walk from the Palazzo to the Flamingo), we went outside to check out the live flamingo habitat. I snapped a few pics, and then we wandered over to the nearby shaded waterfall area to relax. It was really a peaceful area, complete with squat rocks to sit on and brightly colored coy fish to watch. From there, we wandered over to the wedding chapel area, where we found a plaque devoted to Bugsy Malone. I read up, took a picture and a moment to reflect, and then we wandered a bit further around the grounds. It was definitely a nod to the former Las Vegas, and I'm a fan of considering both aspects--the classic, and the newly luxurious.
2	I came here because it was cheap. Very cheap. And it was dead center on the strip. The bed was a slab of granite. The air kept cycling on and off and never cooled the room. Even though we kept it at it's highest setting. The ants in the tub were quite amusing. Although they got annoying when they moved to the desk. Dinosour decor. I would not stay here again.
3	I came back from Vegas this morning and stayed here. I had no complaints with my room whatsoever. I was very satisfied with my room, I will get to in a minute why I only gave it 3stars.  Well first I stayed on a smoking floor, (25) and I was on the side with a view of Caesars palace. I stayed in a deluxe room. My room was very clean. I saw no sign of cockroaches or I would have check out immediately, The bathroom was clean.  If you want to nit pick the glasses had water spots on them but I didnt use them anyway, but i would have if i needed to.  I got a double bed room even though it was just me and I had booked for one queen, but who cares, the ice machine on my floor was not working but once again, who cares. i mention that because i am a no frills kind of person and some people are really nitpicky and want everything just so and things like these REALLY bother them, me....not so much.  I thought my view was awesome from 25. Standard tv, there was no flat screen, plasma deal going on but i didnt care. now onto why it only got 3 instead of 4 stars.3 stars: I felt like the powers that be at the flamingo are just assholes about their late check out policy.  When i booked this room back in august i asked about late check out and was told to ask once i checked in. Ok cool no problem.  So I get there, check in and the man tells me i have to call in the morning to request that.  Ok I found this EXTREMELY RETARDED and annoying.  It seems to me that if anyone running this hotel had a speck of common sense, they would know that you are requesting late check out so you can sleep late and not have to worry about getting out of there at 11am, so why would I want to wake up to call downstairs and then go back sleep, everyone isnt like that. I for example am an insomniac and have NEVER been able to just go back to sleep like that. (it was a horrible experience for me and one of the reasons my trip was so horrible having to lug my stuff everywhere). so I get back to my room about 2am and call for a late check out and what is it...a freaking AUTOMATED MACHINE/VOICE, saying sorry we have to late check outs today.  I happen to (thank God because i didnt want to be charged more) wake up at 9:30am and called again and got the same automated voice, couldnt get a live person to save my life so i gave up.Overall, would i stay here again...probably not but here's why.  Everyone has to go where they are most comfortable, which is why I put in my review the parts about the spots on the glasses, the lack of flat screen because for some people THAT is whats important. For me, I need sleep, that is whats important, so I need to find a hotel that is more accommodating to late check out because THAT is whats important to me. but hell i had such a miserable time in Vegas, i will not be returning to that city for a while hopefully.ps i was truly miserable in vegas so i was kind of sad to read someone's review saying the flamingo has a natural habitat for Flamingo's that is something i would have LOVED to see and i only saw the pool when i was walking to that wack monorail, it looked nice tho. They should advertise these things a bit more
4	Judging by others' reviews, we were really lucky. Aside from a minor mistake on the hotel's part when checking in, we had a wonderful time at The Flamingo. The bathroom was bright pink and had a TV in the mirror, and we had a view of the strip! The beds were the best I've ever slept on and the staff were really helpful when asked.I loved their pool (the adult one) with the giant Flamingos spouting water out of their beaks and if you are going to the other one, make sure you get up early to snag a lounger because they are hard to get! We ended up going to the over-21's pool just because it was quieter and there were free sun loungers there.We loved the Flamingo and had a really good time there. The location was brilliant and our stay was really pleasant.
5	Let's add one more review to the Flamingo Hotel pool shall we?This place is affordable, its well known, and hey the pools are cool even in 2009. While its not the most fantastic place out there (umm check my Venetian stay review?) it is a landmark and a respectable one at that. And it has been recently updated in hot pink room accents, or dark brown and cream.The flamingo exhibit is not to be missed. I have never seen nor heard of a black swan in my life! I wanted to feed him/her so badly. She was elegant. Very cool. Pools and pools of cold water surround you after leaving the flamingo exhibit. And mind you, its 100 degrees in August so you will be totally refreshed by the spray hitting you even if you just walk by. Check out my flamingo pics! They were also published in a website online recently! I had so much fun being a tourist at the Flamingo Hotel.
5	Great pool area and casino.Will probably stay here next time I come to vegas.
1	Is it possible to give no stars?I booked this hotel for two people from work going to a conference.  I knew it would not be fancy but this is the email I received:"Also, the room they put us in was seriously disgusting - like we would really not have been able to take a shower the whole time we were here, the furniture was dirty, we were wary to touch the beds, definitely could not have taken our shoes off and touched the carpet...you get the point. "...Seriously embarrassing for me, my company and the host of the conference.
3	Stayed here 2 nights and two contrast of rooms. One was on the 19th floor and renovated. The other was on the 6th floor. First night stayed on the 19th floor, beds were comfy, I opted for the couch, which wasn't way to bad. The bathroom mirror has a TV, and the room has a pretty nice LCD TV. The shampoo and lotions smells pretty good. There's a lot of stuff as in furniture in the room, so it feels a bit cramped. The second night, we gave the girls the nice room and stayed on the 6th floor. It's a complete contrast. The pro is it felt larger because the bathroom was smaller, and no fridge, no couch, just 2 beds, and not even a LCD TV. It's just one of those old school normal TVs. Beds were decent, not as good as the nicer room. I'm not sure about the price, 8 people, 2 nights, 2 rooms... $76 per person. Not too bad. The casino, isn't as nice as the Wynn which is good, cause lower minimum bets. Jimmy Buffet's margaritaville is a joke! $37 for 22oz of margarita, just go to Fat Tuesday. Anyways, the location is great, right across the street from Caesar's, about 20 minute walk to the Wynn.
1	Sadly, this is not a good representation of Vegas, you can find places for as cheap or cheaper, and actually clean.Positives:  Margaritaville, Location on the stripNegatives: Dirty (there was even something spilled or, well...on the side of the chair in the room), $14 per day for Internet. Old and unmaintained, terrible customer service (when I asked a house cleaner if they could come back in 10 minutes, after I was gone, I was told "I dont want to come back"), Noisy (we were on the 15th floor and it was like we were down on the street), uncomfortable bedding, even though it was a non-smoking room, everything in there smelled like old smoke, did I mention dirty!!, they didnt have the room we requested, so instead of upgrading us for free, they offered to downgrade our room, witnessed two employees fighting (thats always a nice touch)Obviously I didn't have a good experience, which is too bad, with the prime location on the strip, they could do so much more with this place.
1	Ghetto, dirty and very rundown. one star was placed for location. that's pretty much it.
3	I just got home from Vegas. During my vacation, I stayed at the Flamingo with a friend. We got a great deal for the renovated "Go" rooms and stayed 5 nights. My share of the room cost $303 with taxes! As we only needed a bed and a bathroom, this was a steal, considering it's centrally located on the Strip. There are only three words to describe the Flamingo and they are "fabulously tacky" and "pink." In this day and age where the surrounding properties are trying to woo you with luxurious amenities, the Flamingo likes to kick it old school. Upon entering the hotel, your nose is attacked with the scent of suntan oil--an overwhelmingly sickeningly cloying fake coconut scent. It was like there was a stoner party and they tried to cover up the pot smell and bought 1000 coconut-scented candles from the Dollar Store. However, we counted our blessings, as we walked through Excalibur the other night and walked right back out because it stank of stale cigarettes from the past 10 years with a hint of raw sewage (I shit you not--pun intended).The "Go" rooms are supposed to be the Flamingo's version of luxury, which is not saying much--that's like saying their standard rooms are Kraft Singles and the "Go" rooms are Kraft Deluxe--however, that extra serving of American cheese was oh-so-worth-it. The beds were comfortable, there were soft fluffy pillows, and there was a nice view of the pool (we were on the 21st floor). The hotel tried to get us to upgrade to a Strip for an extra $15/night. Fuck that, man! You want a view of the Strip? Step outside! There was a refrigerator in our room, oddly enough. Water pressure in the shower was good, and there are also these two ghetto knobs that sprayed sideways. I watched a couple of eps of "Law & Order" in the bathroom, but otherwise, they don't have many good channels. The bathtub is bigger than your standard size. The amenities are Gilcrist & Soames' shower gel, shampoo, and conditioner.We also liked that we could walk to any of the other resorts. While we didn't take full advantage of the monorail, the fact that you can get to MGM in 10 minutes (versus 40 minutes by walking) is a time saver, even if it costs $5 one-way. Internet costs $13.99 for 24 hours and we did make use of it several times. Unfortunately we couldn't add more than one laptop. You can charge it to the room or to a credit card of your choice.Reasons Why This is a 3-Star Property and Not a 4-Star (AKA, I work for a 4-Star hotel and am being nitpicky)-- Thin walls. I was woken up every day at 6:30am by guests. Once I was woken up by the sounds of sexin'. If you want soundproof rooms, stay at Caesars. For what it's worth, I wore earplugs.-- Not replacing your light bulbs does not make you eco-friendly. I counted in my room, 7 bulbs that were out on the ceiling over the beds, 2 on the desk, 1 lamp that I couldn't turn on, and 2 out in the bathroom. Good thing we only slept here.-- Housekeeping missed the sticky residue on the nightstands. There was a cigarette stain on one of the bedsheets.-- Long check-in and understaffed front desk. Dude, if you are wearing a suit, don't roll up your jacket sleeves to show off your hairy arms. Gross!-- In-room dining carts left in the hallways for hours-- Someone stole the "V" from the Elevators sign on our floor.-- OS failure in the TV in the elevators-- Donny and Marie bobble heads are for sale in the gift shop. Donny's five-head plastered everywhere... the effect is slightly disturbing.-- Offering an iPod dock as a "Go" room feature and letting you play your music on the DVD player but charging $20 if you lose the power cord. There was no power cord available and when I tried to use my own, I saw that the place to plug the USB was bent at an angle and therefore useless.Overall, we enjoyed our stay here. We found it to be delightfully tacky. We would probably stay here again if the price was right. We did think about staying at MGM Grand since we ate at many of the restaurants there, but after seeing that the douchebag ratio was rather high at MGM Grand, we were secretly glad that the Flamingo is mostly douchebag free (however there is plenty of old people, especially cougars).
5	I love this place...had a suite...with one king size bedroom and 2 twins in another room with a jacquizzi bath and tv and microwave plus as living room and kitchen...heavenly!!the review about cockroaches was a shame she expeienced that!  was her room in the basement or what??The history of the Flamingo intruiged me..Bugsy Seigel statue in the garden pool..so cool and outlandish at the same time (after all, he WAS a criminal)  lolanother thing...the real Flamingoes  in the pool area are a sight to see and the pool and pools area is so much fun!!
3	This is one of the older hotels in Vegas, but it sits right on the strip so its a great location without being overly priced.  They recently renovated a lot of their rooms so everything looks a lot newer and cleaner.  We stayed in a room with 2 full sized beds and a long couch.  The beds were super comfy but I thought the room itself was a bit small.  The bathroom was pretty cool though - they have a TV embedded in the mirror so don't worry about being bored on the throne!
2	I just returned from a two-night stay at the Flamingo.  While I've gambled there in the past, I've never stayed in their rooms.  Upon arrival, we were told that we could either wait for a room to be cleaned by housekeeping or could have a room, though far from the elevators, immediately.  We chose "b."  After some time on the phone, the desk clerk informed us that he'd have a nice room right away for us.  From the photo montage at the front desk, I thought we would be in for a nice surprise when he told us we were on the top floor.  NOT. Granted, the room was comped, but the wing we were assigned to was just plain old.  Upon exiting the elevator, it looked and smelled like an old apartment from the 1980s era.  While the room was large, with 2 queen beds, it was downright icky.  The bathroom was small, towels thin, two conditioners, no shampoo, it had a rubber shower curtain, gross cabinetry and grouting (I know, it was only for 2 nights), and it had a non-working lightbulb.  There was a quarter-size blood stain on the carpet and I regret not bringing my flipflops.  Even after the 2nd day, still no working lightbulb, still no shampoo.  Will definitely just use my Harrah's comps in the future.
1	This was built in 1950's and it shows. Its dirty and the floors were designed for midgets.  When we checked out for the Caesar, the person working at the office whispered to us, "I know why you want to go somewhere else."This hotel needs to be blown up for a new one.
3	2.70 stars.The Flamingo is one of the iconic hotels and is right smack in the middle of the strip so as far as location you couldn't get much better.  It is nice to have a short walk to the strip rather than the customary 1/4 mile hike that you get at most mega hotel/casino's.The lobby area is interesting with all of it's marble and retro decor.  The rooms are dated and a little tired but it's not entirely bad...sort of a throw-back to the Vegas heyday.Did I mention it's right on the strip?
3	What this place has going for it is the centre-strip location, without Bellagio or Caesars prices. This is why I typically stay here or at Bally's (opposite Caesar's and Bellagio respectively). The great thing about Vegas is that you don't need to stay in the fanciest places to play and eat in them, as long as you're not staying off-strip and hoping you'll be able to get the same experience by getting a bus or cab to the more upscale places.Unlike those places (and others like Wynn, Venetian etc) I wouldn't choose it as a classy romantic retreat, but as a place to rest your head it's perfectly serviceable.  It's got some old-school vegas tackiness, and affordable rooms, without going too low-end cheap. I went for a Go room (the renovated ones) which had the key ingredients of - comfy bed- TV in the mirror in the bathroom- spacious shower- fridgeDespite it being a more expensive room, there were still some falling-apart fittings. Nothing worth moving rooms for, so I didn't waste my time mentioning it. Sad but true.As is the trend at cheaper strip casinos these days (particularly the harrah's brand if this trip was representative), there's a heck of a lot of the bullsh1t  6:5 blackjack around, even in shoe-dealt games. Here, there were still tables from $15 and up on a Thanksgiving Friday night which didn't have that small print, but I resent having to scour the table for small print before I sit down. Other otherwise identical tables with the same limits had the small print. Caveat emptor I guess, but that should be at least a star off for their part in ruining a beautiful game.
4	Not usually what I'd go for and the nasty slag at the concierge was simply atrocious, but the maid was so nice and the room was always spotless.  Be prepared to pay $14 if you need internet.
3	This place was cheap, and that's why we stayed there. And that's all there was to say about that. It looks a bit old and you can tell when you stay there. When i tried to take a shower, my hands hit the ceiling. wtf? I'm not that tall! really i'm not!I had a great view of the Imperial Palace and parking lot next door. Its got a good location, as its on the strip and I didn't have to walk far to get to places. The staff was friendly. Vegas has hard water, and its dry so your skin will freak out. The lotion that they gave did nothing. Their shampoo sucked. But they cleaned the room every day. The flamingos they had there outside were good for taking pictures. They had swans and a few other animals there. Take some more pictures. Donnie and Marie were playing there, so we made sure not to be there at night. Its a good location, near the Bellagio and it was cheap, so go with that if you're strapped for cash.
4	I don't know who the people writing bad reviews of the Flamingo are, but I assume that they are all millionaires with very high expectations. When I pay $100 a night for a room on the strip, I expect a clean room and decent service. At the Flamingo my room was very clean and nicely updated. I felt like I got my $$ worth. I would definitely rather pay $100 here than $200 at Mandalay, Paris or Planet Hollywood. Besides, the location is ideal. The only thing- stay far away from the buffet- it's overpriced and terrible. Any buffet on the strip will be better. I have been to better potlucks.
1	The buffet here is absolutely disgusting. I came here with my girlfriend because we had a $10 off coupon. Big mistake. As soon as I started eating I wanted to puke and felt like I had diarrhea. In addition to making me feel sick, the food made me want to cry - this is the closest you can come to eating shattered dreams. The interior decor is a throwback to an era that would have been better off without furniture. I wouldn't recommend it to Tiger Woods if they had a mistresses station.
4	We came, we ate, we won, we lost, we drank, we drank, we drank. Compared ot the other Vegas hotels the Flamingo has much to offer. Fittingly it couldn't be more conveniently located, in the middle of the strip. Go outside & you're looking at Caesar's Palace, to the left Planet Hollywood, and to the right the Mirage, all just 10 min. walking distance.  The rooms are reasonably priced comparably. I wont talk about their rooms b/c unless you're here for 2 weeks you shouldn't spend much time sleeping. Breakfast is bonafide after a long night of parlaying and partying. Gambling here isn't as... flashy as it's competition. A cool feature is it's connection to Margaritaville which is a comedy club on Karaoke nites. Lord willing in my lifetime if we're able to visit Vegas frequently we'll stay here again.
5	I love Flamingo.  I love my Casino host Andy Lau, he always take good care of me.  I am fortunate enough to get to stay at the newer Go Rooms and mini-suites, they usually give me free upgrades w/ my play  and comps. The rooms are great for an old age casino.  For those that complain about the deluxe room, just don't be cheap and add an extra $15 to get yourself these nicer Go Rooms.  They need to put locks on bathroom doors.  My kids always open the door when I'm showering.  What bathroom should not have a door?  What were they thinking whoever was designing these...for newly weds or honey mooners??  How about multiple families staying in one room?Think about the location of this casino, on the strip.  Where are you going to find a hotel on the strip on weekends under like $100? Why complain about the hotel?  You want 5-star, go to Bellagio or Wynn's and pay $200 and up on weekends.  You get for what you pay.  Flamingo's has its value.They have the friendliest dealers and atmosphere around.  Almost every dealer there roots and smile at you.  Everyone is very nice and has a personality.  This is the only casino that I can come close to winning.  I don't stand a chance in other casinos.  Remember if you're going to a casino for gambling, you need to stay at one that you are comfortable with and lets you win.  Don't forget to take advantage of the Total Rewards.  They really reward you.  I got a couple of Gucci purses, cash for driving here, and concert tickets.
2	My dear dear Flamingo...what happened to you? My friends and I have patroned the Flamingo 3 times prior to my recent visit because it is in the middle of the strip, affordable and has a great pool. The newly remodeled GO rooms are pretty trendy and fun. (flat screen TV, ipod doc) HOWEVER...this time the service was less than par. The food was mediocre and the service left alot to be desired. Cold showers AND after 4 phone calls to housekeeping our room still did not get cleaned! There solution to every problem is a "food & beverage credit" (that cannot be used at the only 2 decent eateries in the hotel). Finally at 4am on my last tired, irritated phone call I was able to get my entire stay comped. So, I can't give them a completely terrible review. The location is still good and the price is always right but in the future I will definitely think twice about choosing to stay at the Flamingo.
4	I can only comment on their casino, but I love the place. The casino is bright hot pink and has a ton of energy! A fun place to game.
2	I loved the Go Deluxe room and if it wasn't for it being super cute and cheap I'd knock this sucker down to one star cause the Room Service is god awful.3:00PM: Arrive and call for extra towels, blankets, toilet paper, pillows and cups.5:00PM: Call again for the same items7:00PM: Call again and I'm flipping pissed this time because I said it's been 4 hours since I've gotten my items. They told me that it'll be right up within the hour.8:00PM: STILL NOT THERE. So I got my ass down to Guest Services so I could speak with whoever was in charge of Hotel/Room service but they said that they don't even have that! WTF? WHO THE FUCK AM I SUPPOSE TO COMPLAIN TO THEN? So I had them call those fuckers again and they were like "Oh apparently you only called once?" So I flipped out on them too. I even told them the times I called and how I was patient with them, allotting them at least 2 hours to get the shit up to the room. Anyways the guy said I could write a letter to them and they'll see what they can do.8:45PM: We got our stuff but the bastards forgot the blankets. I've been to TONS of hotels and I've never had the shittiest hotel service ever.SO STUPID! Even Hooters was better with their service but their rooms were gross hahaha.
5	I dunno about the rest of their rooms, but their "GO" room is easily one of the best hotel rooms I've stayed at in vegas - or anywhere for that matter. Cute 70s meets modern design. Think chocolate, pink and white for the decor theme. Nice white vinyl headboard with buttons - very nice to lean on and sit up in bed. Loved the sound system where you could plug in your ipod and the flat screen tv in front of the bed and IN THE BATHROOM TOO! A huge bathroom. . . No tub, but a huge shower and plenty of room to move around. Plus there's window sheers and drapes you can open and close electronically. When can I come back?
2	The Casino smells like stale cigarette smoke, old men, and cheap scotch.Their "Wildlife Habitat" is small and sad, with 5 flamingos on a mound of dirt and some old pathways leading around to some small, fake waterfalls.  It claims to be 15 acres, but it didn't even take us 15 minutes to get over it.The whole atmosphere reeks of cheesey, '70s Las Vegas, and is sorely in need of an overhaul.The self parking garage is tiny and unmaneuverable, run down, and dirty.  It's also a long, long, long walk to the hotel/casino.I love "old style" Vegas, but this is just depressing.
3	Not too expensive and mid-strip, what else do you need?The GO rooms are nice.  The desk lamps are purely decorative and provide nothing but comical annoyance.  The bathroom door is frosted glass and does not provide much privacy.  Comfty beds.  Clean decor.  We weren't able to check in until 4pm, instead of the posted 3pm check-in time.  Thank goodness for slot machines.  Their ATMs SUCK and either don't work or are empty.  Room service charges $3 delivery per person, consider that your tip my friends!  Good place to stay, not anything fancy.  Didn't have any horrible experience.  Will stay there again.
2	I woke up and thought I was in a scary movie. Our flight got delayed so we decided to stay here for the night since we were gambling downstairs. BAD DECISION on our part. I realize we only got a standard room, but come on', STAINS on the floor are UNACCEPTABLE.  The decor in the room was a bit spooky for me. To top it off, while I was showering, I looked up and part of the ceiling was open!!! What the... isn't  that hazardous and breaking some type of code? Yes, it was one of the cheaper hotels, but with that price, I'd rather walk ten steps over and stayed at the Imperial Palace instead.
4	Just stayed in one of the GO Rooms witha view of the Ceasar's Palace with like 5 people. The room was very cool, I loved the big windows with automatic curtains. The T.V. in the bathroom mirror was a big plus too with surround sound. My friend kept saying he won't be able to shit again unless he can watch ESPN with surround sound at the same time.We are all just 21 so we are tight on money and dug the fact that there were a good selection of penny slots downstairs with active drink girls and a $1 burger after midnight which was unbelievable. Located right next to 2 of the best cheap gambling spots on the strip, Bill's and O'Shea's. Bill's has great $5 blackjack tables which is a rare find. Oshea's has Beer Pong for God's sake.Overall, I believe if you aren't already a Vegas snob, you will have a great time here. And if anything goes wrong, like in my room, the whole damn glass wall came down, just follow this simple Vegas rule of thumb, complain, complain, and then complain a little more. And they will hook it up.
3	My partner and I stayed here for three nights recently through a deal in expedia.com and overall it was fine.  We had a "Go" room on the 20th floor with a great view of the strip and Bellagio fountains.  The bed was comfortable and we both slept fine.  I liked the shower with the extra jets of water coming out of the wall; it felt great on my lower back.  My partner liked the IPOD player (although it's not as nice as the ones at the Encore and you have to get the cord from the front desk.)  I wasn't too crazy about the frosted sliding glass door on the bathroom.  It doesn't allow for much privacy, but if you don't mind taking a crap in front of your spouse, you should be fine!  Two more things; the phone was broken as were two of the lamps.  I like to read after a night of gambling but despite our attempts, no one ever showed up to fix the lamps but they did replace the phone.  Everything else was fine.  I did notice some wear and tear in the public areas at the Flamingo since an earlier visit about 5 years ago and I'd skip the buffet which we ate at our first night since we were tired and had just got off the plane.  Probably the best thing about it is its central location on the strip.
4	I saw the Go Room on line when we booked the room, it looked new and clean but still i was nervous about it. The Flamingo is old and I've been spoiled by the newer nice smelling, well ventilated casino resorts. We only spent a night here so I cant comment on the housekeeping services, but check in was nice and easy, no crazy walk from the parking lot to the front desk and to my delight the GO Room was every bit as fun as it looked in its pictures. Where hotels like the Venetian go out of their way to make your room a calm relaxing oasis that is sometimes hard to pry yourself out of, the Flamingo Go Rooms just make you want to party. The beds are big, fluffy and just begging to be jumped on, TVs are everywhere, even in your bathroom mirror, ipod docking stations, vinyl, mirrors........ There's a lot of cool stuff happening in these relatively inexpensive rooms, but the best thing they have going on is the shower. No tub, just one big glass shower, with all kinds of shoulder, neck and head sprays to make you feel all nice and squeaky clean, even after a night on the strip! If i was booking with the intention of having a lot of people stay in my room I might hesitate though as the wall between the room and the bathroom is just frosted glass. Some silhouettes are hot and some are not, you decide!
1	Don't be confused by the location, this place is a dump. My cloths smelled like the room for a month after my stay -yes, I washed them-.
3	Not bad... room was a little small and there wasn't a mini fridage.  Other than that, I can't complain for $50 a night + one free night!  PRO: It is located in the middle of the strip.  CON: We checked in Saturday around noon and the lines were hella long!  Plus its vegas... you aren't even in your room so why pay $100+ per night!  lol
4	I have always enjoyed my stay at the Flamingo.It's a bit old but the rooms were upgraded and they been working to make the place look better. The casino is a bit old style and small compare to the mega casinos. My GF likes to stay here because she doesn't get lost. We were given a free GO suite for our stay and it was very nice. The gift basket was a nice touch from the casino host.The show room is a bit small also but no complaints. The pool is one of the nicer one in my opinionI have good luck here.
1	Grrrosssss.....sorry only way to describe this place! Did anyone else have the worst shower??? No water pressure and just disfunctional. It was like pulling teeth to get an extra towel. I'm glad... A. I only was there for one nightB. There was a burger joint downstairs that served $2 burgers after midnight (YES!)C. I did not leave with cooties
4	If you're looking for luxury like the Bellagio then you're in the wrong spot. But if you're looking for a great time, central strip location and a fun pool scene then definitely check out the Flamingo.  They have renovated rooms with their 'GO' rooms but i've never had a problem with their deluxe version.  The pool area is gorgeous.  Plus a ton of fun in the warmer months.  Almost always cheap room rates.
3	I recently stayed a few nights at the Flamingo for work, and I was lucky enough to get a Go room, which are the upgraded rooms at Flamingo.  I've had family members stay here quite a few times, and they were pleased.  I liked the rooms, but I was less enthusiastic than they were.PRO'S:- 2 plasma tv (one in the bathroom)- curtains & lights controlled by switches by bed- bed was pretty comfortableCON'S:- walls were paper thin. could hear annoying people next door all night.- rooms are still old, and you can tell in a lot of spotsThis hotel really wants to be a 4*, but it's just not... just a good 3*.  And that's when we're talking about the Go rooms.
4	I give this place 4 stars because of the good value for the excellent location.  The hotel overall is 3 or 3.5 stars on the typical hotel scale but the price for the location is a bonus star.  Rooms are average size for the strip with a small bathroom.  Pretty basic as far as room decor and furnishings.  Make sure you book early or on Vegas.com to get a rate.  I would never pay more than $70 during the week or $120 weekends.I have stayed here twice now.  It is a perfect venue if you are looking to party and drink like crazy with friends.  If you're looking for luxury, maybe the GO rooms, but I'd do another hotel if that's what you are afterThe casino has a distinct smell... the odor of air freshener mixed with carpet cleaner and smoke.  Not obnoxious... but it just makes me laugh every time I walk in.  I could pick out this place with my eyes closed.  The size of the casino is average for the strip but it's entirely possible to get lost walking around.  Most everyone is having a good time in the casino.  You can find $10 tables most times of the day, except weekend evenings.  Did I mention the smell?I've walked in the pool area once and it looks great.  The buffet is entirely adequate.  Sports book is smallish with a few dozen comfy leather chairs.
4	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Flamingo over Valentine's day weekend and we had an amazing time. The bed and sheets/blankets/pillows were incredibly comfortable - if we could've we would have spent more time in bed. There was also a complimentary mini-fridge in the room that was a nice surprise as it's not advertised. We also were able to watch a movie we had brought with us with the in room DVD player. It's good to note that the bathroom door is a sliding frosted glass door and while it was fine for us it may be awkward if you're staying with people you're not extremely comfortable with. When we checked in I asked very nicely if there was any way we could get a decent view (even though we hadn't paid extra for it). The man at check in didn't immediately acknowledge this request but as he handed us the key he told us to enjoy our view. Our room was on the 17th floor and looked directly at Cesear's Palace. When my boyfriend and I pushed the chaise in the room against the window we were able to lay on it together and watch the fountains at the Bellagio. Our stay in the Go Room was a great time, we were treated wonderfully by the hotel staff and we loved the aesthetic, especially since it was our first time staying in Vegas - it was pretty much exactly what we were looking for. We also enjoyed walking around the grounds on our last day there. It was a nice little place to explore that you wouldn't expect on the Vegas strip.
4	Too cheap to spend the xtra money for the GO GO GO GO GO ROOM! Cause, I rather GO elsewhere and spend the money!VIEW was great, the convenience is even better and the PRICE is excellent! Would I stay here again? Yes, for the location.. DEFINITELY! Next time, I will not be frugal and spend money on the go room.. ha ha ha!
2	Although the rooms were decent, something about this hotel makes me cringe. Maybe it was the nasty buffet in the building, or maybe it's the hideous pink walls they have everywhere, or maybe it's even the older clientele--I don't know, I just won't come back here. They definitely need to revamp this place and make the casino nicer...it was definitely one of the less nice ones on the strip. The location is great, though (right in the middle of the strip).
4	I've stayed at the Flamingo both times I've gone to Las Vegas (the most recent time being last week), and I have not been the slightest bit disappointed on either trip.My boyfriend and I booked a standard room - not a "GO" room - since we'd probably just have stayed at a more upscale establishment to begin with if we wanted to spend a couple hundred more dollars on our hotel.  The room was clean and comfortable, we had a nice view of the pool and some snow-capped mountains in the distance, and the bathroom seemed as if it had been renovated since our last visit 3-and-a-half years ago.The three best things about the Flamingo are absolutely the price, the location, and the customer service.  If you're thinking of staying somewhere suuuuuuper cheap in the center of the strip like the Imperial Palace or "Bill's Gamblin' Hall & Saloon," you should probably just drop the extra couple bucks and stay at the Flamingo - it's honestly not that much more expensive, and the place is a lot nicer overall (for example, I did not find any bugs in my room here... but take one look at the Imperial Palace reviews and you'll find that a number of people who have stayed there cannot say the same thing).Location-wise, it doesn't get much better than this.  Are there nicer hotels right in the middle of the Strip?  Well, sure, of course.  But you will probably never get a price as low as the Flamingo if you were to stay at Caesar's, Paris, or the Bellagio.And as far as the customer service goes, we have consistently been treated very warmly by all of the staff members we've encountered there - from front desk personnel to the housekeeping staff... even the security guards with whom we shared an elevator on one occasion.  If you walk past a housekeeper in the hallway, even if they're not YOUR housekeeper, they greet you with a smile and a warm "hello."So why not 5 stars?  Well really, let's be honest - it's still NOT the Bellagio.  The amenities are lacking a bit (for instance, there's not much good food to be had in the hotel), the casino isn't a lot of fun to hang out in, and the entertainment options aren't amazing (sorry, Donny and Marie Osmond).  But for a hotel - and really, that's kind of what's important here - the Flamingo is more than adequate.  Next time I go to Las Vegas, I'll probably stay there yet again.
5	Decent room for being "comped", can't complain much.  It accommodated our stay comfortably, as long as, we lose all our money to the casino lol.  Either way, we broke even & in Vegas that means winning!  Great location with various casinos nearby to hit up or watch free shows on the strip.  Front desk was somewhat rude when it was time to checkout, as they demanded I wait in the longest line ever with the check-ins.  I opted for the express check-out & drop box.  Hopefully, I will receive an electronic copy.  Bell desk was extremely friendly & efficient.
3	3 stars for my stay at the Flamingo. It was our first time in Las Vegas, and my boyfriend and I stayed here for 4 nights. We arrived at about 10:15pm on a Monday night, and WOW, the check-in line was long. When we finally got to the desk, we were informed that there weren't any non-smoking rooms with king-sized beds available unless we were willing to have just a shower instead of a shower/tub combo. We agreed, not realizing until we got up to the room that this meant the room was a handicapped-accessible room...and that the "shower" was just part of the bathroom enclosed with a curtain and a low-hanging showerhead. Sigh. We dealt with this tiny snafu and went down the next morning to see about changing rooms. Again, the check-in line was a mile long so we decided to try again later since we both had appointments at the spa. We got the spring fling special: a 25-min body scrub, a 25-min facial, and a 25-min massage for $150. Worth every penny. After our visit to the spa, my boyfriend stopped by the front desk at about 1:20pm to see about changing rooms and was informed that they only do room changes between 11am and 1pm. Oh, and that you can do it over the phone so you don't have to wait in line! Good to know. We stuck it out another night and called the next morning and got a new room on the 20th floor. At this point I noticed that some of the rooms on this floor looked really, really cool....much cooler than our room, at least. I assume that these are the GO rooms that I read so much about -- next time I will have to spring for one of those!The pool was fantastically large, and the hot tubs were great, but be forewarned that ordering a large drink to enjoy poolside will set you back $18.Not much good food or entertainment inside the hotel, we ended up going elsewhere a lot, but that wasn't so bad because the Flamingo is very centrally located.I would stay here again, but would upgrade to a GO room next time.
5	Ok, let me reface some of this review with a little story. I was there for the CONEXPO, this is the convention that makes CES look small. My company organized the hotel situation. When I learned that we were at the Flamingo I confess I let out a gasp. Not my first choice. I arrived a bit before my clients, so I could check everybody in and set up the rooms accordingly. I was greeted by something of a concierge who ushered me around the waiting throng of people. Must have been all the logo gear I was toting around( I work for one of the largest domestic manufacturers in the world). They proceeded to spit out all the room keys and the associated materials. I went up, room by room to place all the swag I had for my clients. I got to the room they had assigned for me, oh my heck. My group was 22 rooms and then mine. I had the 2 story suite with the living area and the associated facilities. I had never expected any of this. The staff brought the rest of my stuff to me, unpacked all of my things and never said boo about something for the effort, dropped the lead bellman a c-note for his time and effort. The whole thing reminded me of old Vegas, back when I would stay at the DI, sit at the Black Jack table for a few hours and get a free room. The room was so well set up we ended up using it as a hospitality suite. I could not have been happier nor could my clients have been.
2	I've been here a few times and my last visit will be my last.  My theory is that the recession has meant that they've cut back their staff to the bare bare minimum, meanwhile they still give away cheap/free rooms to get people to the hotel to pull in the gambling cash.  So much less staff, about the same amount of guests.Anyways i arrived at noon.  My room wasn't available until well after 9.  First they told me to come back at 5pm (which i was fine with), then they told me 6, then when i came back at 6 they said they didn't know.  Finally at about 9:30 my room was ready.  It seemed like one maid was cleaning the whole building.Anyways the nicely renovated (a few years ago) GO! rooms bring this place up to two stars, but in a city with an abundance of rooms I'm not going to spend half a day waiting to check-in.  I'll just go elsewhere.
5	Despite the 3-star overall review of this place, I thought this place was great!  My parents got a great deal for a 5-night stay, so they loved the price and I loved being in here every minute of it.The room was so clean.  Carpet, free of dirt?  Check.  Bedsheets, pure cleanly white?  Check.  Bathroom, free of dust, fingerprints, etc.?  Check.  View?  Fantastic.  We were on the 28th floor, right over the garden they have in the back with the flamingos and birds and koi fish and what-not.The prime showcase of the room?  The bathroom.  It didn't have walls, it had thick white panes of glass.  The pink walls matched the pink light that lit up the white glass.  The sink was one of those bowl sinks.  The shower was pretty nice too, except the water was definitely not hot enough for me.  I had to take fast showers if I didn't want to freeze to death.I thought they kept the rooms super nice.  And I loved the view.  Big TV.  Quiet, convenient, inexpensive.  Love, love, love.
4	Nice rooms and huge casino. Pool is nice and same with the arcade for kids.  Great food.  I would recommend both the buffets, just be ready to wait in line unless you're platinum or above in they player's club.  Nice spot to casino hop- late at night. It's basically center strip.
3	Usually I love the Flamingo. Location, rooms, people...all that.But when i went back for March Madness this last March I reserved cabanas for two days.  We rarely got served and taken care of.  Had to mainly go to the pool bar for drinks.  Kind of blew. Still not a bad spot though.
1	Despite the fact they have redone a ton of rooms there are still some that should be free to anyone that wants to stay there. Our room was dirty, old, and the bathroom was in need of repairs. I had low expectations seeing as though it is a low tier hotel but seriously it was no good. Housekeeping sucks- she left a used q-tip on the floor in the same spot for three days. Sure I could have picked it up but someone gets paid to do that in my room.
2	The only thing that the Flamingo has going for it is the location smack in the middle of the Strip and the pool. I've stayed in generic inns in the middle of nowhere that had better rooms than this! Our room was old and the beds weren't exactly what you would call comfy. 'Seedy' was the word that popped into my head the minute we walked in. The food options are meager, service is OK. The ventilation sucks and the stench of smoke is everywhere! The shows are very unremarkable. I've heard the newly upgraded GO! rooms are quite good, but I'm surely not going back here to check that out anytime soon. I know that a cheap spot like this is enough when you're out all day and use the room just to crash for a few hours and stuff. But I have an expected minimum standard, and this surely doesn't meet it. And don't even get me started on all the pink...
3	Group of friends stayed hereFor the price of the room, I was not very enthralled. When you see the hotel on the strip, it isn't exactly impressive. When you go inside, its a little bit nicer, but cheesy to say the least.The outdoors area is really nice and I enjoyed the pool a lot (minus the insanely cold water). Food options stink as others have said. Burger Joint is good but limited. Other than buffet, there are no other real breakfast options. They have some ghetto little coffee bar and another coffee place with 2 other things built in that takes forever to get something made. Casino was pretty nice overallOverall, would not recommend hotel unless you find a good deal. Great location, decent rooms, mediocre food...
3	Just returned from a company sponsored trip to Vegas and stayed in the Flamingo for 3 nights.  We were set up in the "Go" rooms, which have pink lights in the bathroom and a t.v. within the mirror (pretty rad!).  The bed was extremely comfortable and I enjoyed the sliding drapes option - was probably hungover two mornings so it came in handy.The room-service is 24 hours, which is a plus if you're hammered and starving.  The prices were pretty steep but that's to be expected.We rented a cabana by the family pool which was PACKED.  It happened to be during Memorial Day weekend so I wasn't shocked.  I didn't take part in the festivities being from FL (we have pools in our backyards) and the crowds.   However, some of my coworkers stayed all day and loved it - to each his/her own.It has a great location (right on the strip) so no complaints in that department.The only thing I will say is that some of the bartenders downstairs in the casino were extremely rude and nasty.  I had never been in a casino and was asking some questions about the drinks offered while playing at the bar.  Apparently, you should ask you shouldn't just KNOW.  When I started being rude back to her one of the casino managers stood beside me, which I can only assume is an act of intimidation.  It worked (I'm a tiny girl).I'm a little depressed that I left without buying something from the Sin City Brewing Co. gift shop (I'm a beer snob), but perhaps maybe next time.
4	Location, location, location! Across the street from Caesars Palace and Bellagio. A short walk to Planet Hollywood and Paris. And fairly inexpensive cab rides to the other casinos.We stayed here over Memorial Weekend 2010 and had a fantastic time. My girlfriend booked our stay and opted to get us a GO room which on the 17th floor overlooking the garden and pool area. As stated in some of the other reviews; super clean room with modern decor. Nice big plasma tv, super clean, super white sheets on the king bed. I liked the extra ammenities, such as: the remote operated celestial openings (curtains and shades) We didn't spend a lot of time in the room as it is Vegas- hellooo! But the bed was super comfy, so comfy I'm tempted to call the Flamingo and ask them the brand of that bed and get one for my house too. Best sleep I've had in ages... The door to the bathroom was cool. It was a frosted glass and the pink bathroom lighting illuminated it in a strange, eerie, psychedelic glow.I would have however, liked to have had a soaking tub for two in there, rather than a glass shower for two. If you're a reader like I am when you're sitting on that white chair, yet you have nothing to read, don't fret, There's an lcd tv built into the mirror and viewability is still pretty good from the angle. However, the remote control to the bathroom tv was rather dirrty looking.The cleaning staff were extremely friendly and provided us with a small travel toothpaste, but only after we tipped her well... One thing I found odd was there there were no Do Not Disturb Tags to be found for our door (or any other door for that matter). So the cleaning folk would barge on in, it at god awful hours (before 9am) in the morning. Also there was no free WiFi in the rooms, only a LAN connection with a limited number of megabytes and a rather high fee. On Saturday we strolled down to the all ages pool but couldn't find a place so we went to the GO POOL 21 and over only, women were free and guys was $15 for hotel guests. That kinda sucked but once in there and drinking I forgot all about the $15, plus since we can't stand whiny children and crying we throughly enjoyed the adult only pool area. The swimming pool was out of this world, it was like an MTv spring break episode. Young hard bodies galore. If I was a high roller, I would have gotten a cabana, but in all was a fantastic holiday.
2	I have been to Las Vegas twice before this visit.  Each time I have stayed at Bally's.  Last year, I noticed the significant age difference between the crowd at Bally's and the crowd at the Flamingo.  So this year, I thought, hey wouldn't it be cool to stay at the Flamingo where there seems to be a party going on 24/7?  Right about the party, wrong about the rooms.The rooms were below average and quite frankly disgusting.  My boyfriend insisted on a smoking room, so I don't know if that makes a different in the nastiness grade.  The first thing I noticed was the blanket on the end of the bed.  I turned it over to search for bed bugs and found a crusty, questionable, white stain.  Gross.  Next, I inspected the couch by the window.  It was covered in cigarette ashes, so I turned the cushion over and was still grossed out by all the debris under the seat.  The bathroom looked like it had taken me back in a time machine to 1975.  The newest item in the bathroom was the dinky hair dryer.  The light fixtures were missing pieces out of them and the caulking looked like the original.  On a positive note, the pools were nice, but packed full.  The grounds around the hotel are beautifully landscaped with a flamingo habitat and a duck pond with koi fish.  They also have a Macaw parrot that is cool.All in all, it was an fun place to play, but not an ok play to stay.  I will continue with Bally's which is much nicer.
4	WOW!! Another weekend trip to VEGAS, yayyy!! This hotel is one of our favorite strip locations to stay. It's pretty centrally located for w-w-walking and you don't really have to TREK miles to get to self and/or valet parking. Captainm the green wing macaw, greets you upon entering from the pool and valet areas. He talks, it is too cute! Check in lines are LONG when you get there ANYTIME between 12-3pm but this line moves quickly . . . why you ask? . . . because they choose to open ALL of their windows for maximum guest service.  **Side note** . . . this trip proves that Karma is alive and well too . . .  when we arrived to the line there was a gap in the line, so the kids and i walked right up to there. Well, i guess s lady behind us said, "exxxcuuuuse me, the line is back here". Well, I didn't hear her as I am kinda' hard of hearing so i turned to find the kids. As i turned i DO hear her say, "M'am . . .  then she GOES DOWN to the floor! Apparently there was a small puddle of beer on the marble floor and this biyatch slips in it and her flip-flops don't do that good of a job stopping her so . . . DOWN she goes!! I laughed my ass off when i saw her do it, especially once I learned what she'd said earlier. Lauren said to her, ok, you don't have to be such a bitch about it . . . then she slips . . . Karma is AWESOME dont' you think? ** Lol!! ANYHOW . . . our room was clean and comfy as usual. Our maid met us in the hall on arrival and introduced herself, Judwiga was her name. Soooo sweet and service was great! I've never tipped a maid before but i left her $$ in her little envelope, she was great! If you've ever stayed at the Flamingo you KNOW that the pool area is freakin' PARTY CENTRAL!! . . . nothing different this weekend either! The Landshark Lager folks were the "sponsors" this weekend and they left no drunk unturned! Lol!! Volleyball net was set-up and water slides were open . . . need i say more? Suffice it to say that this is one of our favorite destinations in VEGAS and, unless they close their pool, it will continue to be so! Hope you get the chance to enjoy.
3	I chose to stay in a GO room and I think it was completely worth the extra bucks. The room was much larger than I expected, with two queen beds, each one covered in very clean looking white sheets with three down pillows each. I particularly liked the floor length windows which overlooked the garden and pool. the room came with  electric drape openers, You did not even need to get up out of bed  to open/shut drapes.  I especially appreciated the thermostat in the room - I like being able to adjust the temp to my liking. It is also energy efficient - It turns on when you slide the key card so it's not running the entire time you are out of the room.The bathroom was well stocked with amenities. There were three sets of towels, each one being very nice think & larger than the usual. It was cool to have a TV built into the bathroom mirror. The room came with both a rainhead shower & body sprays plus a spacious bath tub. Caveat for group sharing: privacy is limited to frosted glass doors on both sides of the bathroom.The room comes with a small refrigerator so you can load up your own beverages. The coffe pot is cute  & coffe was actually pretty good.Check in was super easy, and you can actually check in from McCarran airport - which I will try next time I fly. Check out was also easy - via video link or just express drop-off in the lobby. The pool is built for soaking, not swimming and caters really to kids, which is nice. The monorail has a stop here, but I did not go on it - it used to be free but now you need to buy a ticket.  There is only one buffet area, a small Burger Joint (that is actaully its name) that only serves burgers and sandwiches one way, that is, not to order. They did have a colossal shake, very good. I tried to have lunch at the Japanese resaturant but they only have udon or ramen dishes - open for sushi only for dinner. I tried to get to a show but the theater is dark on Sunday & Monday for Donny & Marie. The place is a good spot to do a bit of walking to other casinos -Bally's, Harrah's, Caesar's, Forum Shops, Mirage, Treasure Island, Etc... are all within walking distance, but remember to wear comfy shoes - it's a long walk back otherwise.Overall, a satisfactory experience.
4	I stayed five nights last week and three nights in April. If you stay here, I highly recommend a GO room - only! The GO rooms are modern, have great amenities like flat screen tv, iPod connection, DVD, mirror tv in bathroom, remote controlled drapes and very roomy. The first night a GO room was not available so we were offered a smoking room with a view- I could not believe the shabbiness of this room. I almost called Harrahs to switch hotels. The room compared to a GO room felt like we were not even in the same hotel. Small, reeking of smoke, dark, old smelly carpet, ugly old furniture, scratches on the furniture, tiny bath and countertop -just terrible. I went back to front desk, still no GO rooms- so we moved to non-smoking room a slight upgrade from the smoking room. It was just ok for one night. The next morning we moved to a GO room for four nights and we loved it. We enjoyed the adult GO pool for an entire afternoon and had a blast! Also, the Flamingo is a great location since it is in the center of the strip. Easy to get anywhere.
5	We stayed her back in September, due to my husbands wishes. If it had been up to me I would have stayed somewhere like New York or Paris, but this was my husband's favorite hotel so I obliged him. We went for an Oregon State football game, and had told the hotel that we really needed to get into our room early in order to get ready to go to the game. Of  course they have their normal checkin times, but had said they would do their best. So, when we arrived, we waited in the long check in line, and our room wasn't ready. I was pretty frustrated, then the manager came over and apologized, and upgraded our room at no cost. We payed an average rate for a normal room, and they bumped us up to a bigger room with a breathtaking view of the strip (I think 14th floor). We were sooo stoked! I would give them 4.5 stars, just because of the frustration of the long line and room not being ready but I can only give 4 or 5. So here's 5 stars Flamingo, thank you for giving us a great experience at your hotel- we would LOVE to get that room again!
4	Flamingo???  WOW...I'm impressedUpgraded room was awesome!  -I wanted a room near bottom floor .  I get a room so high up that I needed an oxygen bottle.  Paid all that money to come here, lay down and watch a Big Plazma TV,  in  redocrated rooms, with two huge beds....  -Off to the pool where they have a fascinating water slide.  Went down it a hundred times sliding almost off the edges....wheeeee.. feeling my backbone crack one way and then crack back into place several times. -Swwiiisssh into the water....landing upside down..aaaaah...air...I need air...gasp....gasp....  -In the casino... ....      I hear the sounds of ching ching ching ching...  Such an enticing addictive tempting sound.   I'm glad I don't gamble.-My friends wallets come out.  Soon, they  drop in $$$!      YaY... awe... YaY...YaY....awe....Yay....awe.. More $$$!  YaY....YaY.... YaY.... awe....awe... ooooh....ouch... awe.. awe....   Enough watching this...  Off I go to bed. See ya guys tomorrow.   I guess I'll be paying for their breakfast!
3	In hot ass Vegas, the pool is my #1 priority, so the Flamingo looked promising when looking for a new place to stay. Lush, tropical grounds with several different areas to swim. Nice!  Once we got down there, the pool was pretty nice. They must have a problem with people sneaking in from imperial palace or something because you have to pass through airport security to get in here. You have to wear a wristband that will mess with your tan. Boo! Anyway, on to the lounge chairs. I lay my towel down, sit, and my ass immediately hits the ground. Looks like the "Buffet of Buffets" special has taken its toll as all the lounge chairs are stretched out beyond belief. Deemed too uncomfortable to lay in for an extended period of time, we make our way over to the bar. Slurpee-shushee frozen concoctions, $13 for a little one and $18 for a 32 ouncer. Our bartender was a doll and let us split a big pina colada, added a lot of extra rum and gave us 2 cups to divvy them up, while complimenting us "beyoootiful ladies" lol! He was adorable, but the rest of the pool..the Mirage beats you.We stayed in the upgraded "Go" room and it was pretty nice- it even came with a coffee maker and empty mini fridge, though the maid never replenished our coffee supply. Waah. The tv in the bathroom mirror did not work but they called us at 8am the next morning to send a tech to fix it. Um, I'll pass! The ipod stereo requires some kind of special cable that you can check out from the front desk, so make sure you ask for it upon check in. The aux cable we use in the car did not work, and we ended up using our own ipod dock the whole trip. The reading lights did not work and half the light bulbs above the beds were burnt out. But the room did not stink and the flatscreen TV was big. It seems as though a lot of seniors frequent this hotel, which means there has to be some really good deals lurking about. I tried a little slot machine action, and nope, it's not loose slots. Maybe the buffet? The regular price for dinner was about $23, no senior special unless you buy that $35 mega buffet pass. The burger place offers a 2.99 burger and fries special from midnight-6am...but the oldies are in bed by then. I never found out what the secret was until I got home. Yes, I did join the Total Rewards slot club and stuck that card in the machine while I pumped about $50 in casino donations through it. When I got home, I entered my total rewards number into the website and checked future room rates. Wow! Up to 3 nights COMPED midweek at Flamingo, Bally's, Rio, or imperial palace (ew) for a low roller like me? Some weekend rates at $20/ night? Sure this didn't include the fancy  go room, but sure gets me thinking about planning the next trip a little sooner!
1	Got yelled at by a disgruntled pool attendee. Didn't want to argue. Normally I spend my entire day at the pool.  I stayed less than 1 hour.
3	The room is just ok... but the flamingo exhibit is awesome. Friendly staff... evening willing to walk into the street and hail a taxi for you :) The pool closes at 8pm... WAY TOO EARLY!Nie water fall scenery for a wedding.
1	First booked non smoking room months ago, got smoking only...it was nasty. Room was so dirty afraid to touch anything. CSI would have a field day not exaggerating...reddish brown splatter on bathroom ceiling, white spots all over couch, cigarette burns everywhere, peeling paint, cracked tiles, just filthy.   No light bulbs in two lamps, leftover trash from previous guest, etc etc  Pool crowded!  And soooo dirty, stairs to waterslide littered with cans, cigarette butts, drink glasses, etc. They can't get a trashcan up there? Sooo gross!Unless you are guaranteed one of the newer rooms or plan on partying and trashing the place yourself don't do it.  I've seen $39/night motels along the freeway nicer than this. The IP next door is not great either but is ok and generally much cheaper. Buffet is good.
4	Flamingo must have done some major upgrading in the last couple of years, because I loved every minute of my stay!  It wasn't nearly as tacky as I remembered it - in fact, my hotel room was pretty serene.I spent the majority of one day lounging outside at the 21+ pool, drinking 32-oz daiquiris ($18) and listening to great music.  This pool is small-ish, and will charge $10-15 for guys (girls get in free!), but it's awesome.  There are cabanas, daybeds, and couches for rent as well, if you're willing to cough up the dough.  I also took advantage of the sports bars in the lobby to watch a World Cup match and drink a few beers.  I had brunch at the buffet place downstairs, and it was pretty decent for $10.  I also love the location - right across from Caesar's, next to Bally's, and pretty much in the middle of everything.  Definitely not the trendiest or swankiest or hotels (go to the Aria for that)...but it gets the job done.
4	I wish I could give the Flamingo a 5-star rating, but 5-stars is considered "as good as it gets" and we all know, thats definitely not as good as it gets.Went back to vegas at the end of May, stayed at the Flamingo. Complimentary suites for diamond rewards members was absolutely crackalackin. I don't think i've ever stayed in a nicer/larger suite in my life. Two bedrooms, full bar, three flat screens not including the two tv's per bathroom inside the mirrors? Dining table, lounge area, this place was bigger than my apartment.Although I didn't pay for any of it, so I can't really yelp the price/value aspect, the Flamingo is a bit outdated, i had a chance to see the normal rooms and they are as tacky and aged as it gets. The lobby area is too old-fashioned and attracts an older crowd which isn't my thing and the tables need a bit of life injected into them. I noticed that they copied planet hollywood's pleasure pit by adding those gogo dancers at the 2nd entrance...  imitation is the highest form of flattery?It was all free, the room was absolutely stunning, but i didn't pay for it and the downstairs looked like a senior citizens convention was in town. the location and service was great and i could never rate anything vegas-related lower than 3 stars.i'll love vegas until the day i die. 4/5 for me.
2	We stayed here for 4 nights b/c my husband had a class located in one of their conference rooms.  I really had my heart on staying at the Encore, however, it would have made for a pretty long walk at 8AM every morning, and I figured he could enjoy his time a little bit more given he could literally roll out of bed and go downstairs to his class (I know, I'm a great wife ; ).  Also, it would have been about a grand to stay at the Encore and the Flamingo was paid by the govt...so this put us over the edge to just suck it up and stay at the Flamingo.We stayed on a upper floor in a go room, which wasn't too bad!  I will give the room 3 stars for view (overlooking pool), cleanliness, and it seemed relatively quiet.  The shower is also pretty nice!  But they sure did waste a lot of space putting in a tiny tub that no one would use.  I give the Flamingo as a whole 2 stars because it just wasn't our scene, especially in the evenings!  We typically enjoy going out and then coming back to our hotel and having the option to gamble before crashing for the night, and we just didn't do that here.  Also, their restaurant choices are not too great, and is it too much to ask for a Starbucks???On the other hand, the pool is really nice and it is funny to watch the line start up at about 8AM every morning (I even waited in line one morning in fear that I wouldn't get a chair, haha)!   Just an FYI, for all those that have questions/concerns about their pool....YES, it does get very crowded!  They advertise that they don't open till 9AM, but I saw them letting people in as early as 8AM.  If there is just a couple of you, you will have no problem getting a decent chair as long as you are there before about 11AM M-TH.  However, if you go Fri.-Sat. you will probably need to be there by about 10AM to ensure you get chairs together, because it really does get crowded.  And if you aren't an early morning person, then I would wait till about 12-1 to go because by then people start leaving and you can usually snatch their chairs as they are leaving.Flamingo makes for an okay stay...it just didn't do it for me (maybe I was asking for too much).  If I could do it all over again I think we would have chosen to pay for another casino because it would have made for a better overall stay...but that's just me!
4	I stayed here twice. One time in the regular rooms and one in the GO! Room. I definitely like the Go room much more but it also cost $20 more per night. Location is good but not great. I'd only chose this hotel over IP and Harrah's next door. It's not a bad place to go to though.
4	I came back in June and I was so surprised as how nice it is being that it is one of the older hotels. I upgraded to one of the GO rooms and it was worth it. The bed was comfortable and that was certainly a big plus being that I came here to rest and celebrate my graduation. There is no doubt that I will be staying here in the future.
2	ive stayed at better for the amount i paid. spent the past weekend there, and was disappointed! pros:- location! located right in the middle of the strip, it was easy to go to surrounding hotels, although due to the insane summer heat my friends and i taxied it to most of our destinations- mini fridge in the room was great! kept our vodka ice cold! :P- burger joint: flamingo's all night diner had a great deal - the burger deal or whatever, but basically a burger and fries for only $2! cant beat thatcons:- room cleanliness: the carpet in the room looked like the floor of a frat house; stains everywhere - even in the closet! ... i was also unsettled by the beginnings of mildew on the shower curtain- check in: i wasnt expecting the long line at the check in counter at 1am on a friday. i had to wait an HOUR in line just to check in. i didnt understand it considering it only took me about ten mins when i got to the counterwould i stay here again? probably not. i came on the recommendation from a friend that the renovated rooms were very nice, and im sure they are, but if you get stuck in the older wing of the hotel, dont expect anything! its only slightly better than a motel. so not worth the amount of money i paid ($240 for two nights!)
3	I stayed here based on a vacation package which also included the 24 hour buffet deal, and flight.Based on Trip Advisor reviews, I was a little nervous. We didn't have the check out line issue but we got there on a Saturday evening and walked right up to the counter and they had a room ready for us.Yes, the hall carpet's a little gross but let's not kid ourselves, most of the lower end Vegas hotels are like that. They're just not lit enough for you to see it. We got a GO! Room which helped. The room was clean modern. Never had issues with getting towels and housekeeping did a good job. My boyfriend loved the TV in the bathroom feature. The crowd? Not quite as bad as Middle America & Seniors-ville as let's say the Excalibur or Sahara. The beds were comfy as well. We slept well save for the fact the AC never got under 79.I liked the flamingo pond outside and overall set up of the hotel. We were on the Monorail and had a path to it that was actually BS free (read: no bewildering, life sucking walk through a maze like casino). For that reason alone, I'd stay again, but I'd get a GO! room.
4	The location: Best spot on the strip. You're really not too far from anything on or near the strip. Also, there are no hideously long driveways to walk down in reaching the strip. Once you're out the casino doors, you're standing right on Las Vegas Blvd. In fact, if you go out the main entrance (on the south side of the building where your taxi dropped you off), you can get onto the strip without even stepping into the casino. Not a bad way to avoid a second mortgage. The rooms: Every time I've been here, I've always upgraded to a "Go" room at check-in. Yes, this is a sales tactic: you book a regular room for $60 a night (this was just our website offer) and it's not ready when you check in, and it won't be for another three hours; and by "three" they really mean "five." However, you can upgrade to a "Go" room for $20 a night more, and that room is ready right now. They're not quite suites, but they're as close to suites as us lower middle class types can get. The room is decorated with very plush furniture, wallpaper reminiscent of a 1940s ice cream parlor, and a pink bathroom with a television built into the mirror so you can watch yourself defecate and CNN at the same time -just like rich people do every day. Of course the best perk of all is that these rooms, at least the ones I've been in, have all been right next to the elevator. If you've stayed in a Las Vegas hotel before then you probably know how annoying it is hiking your way through a vast corridor every time you want to go down to the lobby and tell the hotel staff that you've stopped up the toilet again (no more poop jokes, I swear). Personally, I think they're totally worth it.The casino: Aside from being very pink and very orange, it's nothing special. On a slow afternoon you might be able to find low stakes Blackjack, otherwise, be ready to shell out at least $20 a hand. Craps tables can be a bit lower, and they do offer daily tutorials on how to play Craps for those whose internet search skills are stuck in 1998 doing the Jesus dance with the monkey drinking its own urine. The goal obviously is that you end up playing Craps at their tables and, hopefully, compelling your child into a future life paying high interest loans from DeVry. Also, the cocktail service was about as dry as the desert surrounding the city. If you want close gaming, I'd recommend a fifty foot walk to Bill's Gamblin' Hall next door.The pool: Very good. Not the best on the strip, but still relaxing. It gets a bit chilly, but on a 110 degree day it doesn't matter much. Of course, the pool side Blackjack tables don't keep you free from the casino's greedy clutches, but who cares? There's a waterslide!The buffet: It's pretty unremarkable -for breakfast anyway. I've snuck into senior citizen brunches more exciting than this. There are more interesting buffets near the Flamingo for the same price. Overall, this would be the ideal place to stay for a Vegas vacation. Yeah, the food, gaming, and entertainment may be pricey and mediocre, but you're not buried into one sector of the strip. It's an easy walk to pretty much anywhere to get whatever the Flamingo might be lacking.
2	Got upgraded to one of their luxury suits, but it still felt tacky to me.(This is part my distaste of their pink theme being driven into every detail.)They are trying to be high end.  motorized window shades, bath mirror with remote control and embedded TV screen etc.  Kinda cool stuff, but they just have to take care of the basics before aiming for a level they just cannot achieve.At 6pm when I arrived, they had a line that zigzagged like security check in at an airport.  They were setup with many many back and forth line control fencing.  (This line was not a one time event for them!)  I returned at 11pm only to still wait for over 30 min in a shorter line.In the room my alarm clock was set for 3am.  Calling the operator gets you to a phone robot, not a person.  The AC unit did not function properly.  The amenities were nice, but for me they just don't make up for such lousy execution.
1	Find another place to stay than this hotel. You can find a less expensive, classier place to stay in Vegas. The rooms are tacky, the carpets are gross, the pool is a frat party on steroids, most of the staff is surly and unable to do their job correctly.
4	The best thing about this hotel is the location. It's located right in the middle of the Las Vegas Strip across from Caesar's Palace and the Bellagio. Even in mid-July, when the temperatures were at about 100 degrees, it was a short walk to the Forum Shops at Caesar's and a mild stroll to Miracle Mile at Planet Hollywood. The casino was ok. Table minimums were all $10 and up, but Roulette was $3 minimum. Drink service was pretty good in the casino with waitresses coming by frequently. Rooms were actually pretty spacious. Only bad thing about the rooms was that one day, no one came by to clean the room. Other than that, the walk to the elevators can be a bit long, but nothing to complain about. Room service was actually quite cheap. A pretty decent portion of chicken tenders and french fries was about $7. I would say that it was a good hotel and I would stay again
2	Chose the Flamingo as it came up quite often while doing searches for kid friendly pools.  Upon arrival and in the parking lot elevator, which I may add, it was extremely hot in the elevator.  We arrived at the hotel and I have to say I was a bit disappointed, the elevator didnt take us straight into the  hotel lobby, so we had walk, not far but still it was inconvenient.Walking through the lobby, I noticed the touristy stores appeared nice at first glance but carried items that I wouldnt really buy anyway.   So at first glance, it looked ok.  When we go to our room, I would say I was underwhelmed.  Either we got the old section of the hotel or it just wasnt as clean as I expected.  There was no bed spread which I found out  later is the case for all the rooms now?   And the lights in the bathroom were missing their lamp shades.  Strange. Also, after the first night, the sink started to get clogged, so I called housekeeping and they took care of it.  The second housekeeper actually cleaned the bathroom after the repair person had called her.  The bathroom was actually cleaner than when we first arrived. I can overlook a lot but I thought for $100 a night, this was a lot considering we can spend a lot less in down town and get a place that's cleaner.  Also, I was bombarded by the very pushy sales girl at one of the boutique shops.  It was quite annoying. We chose not to eat here as I didnt want to be further disappointed.  I did play a little bit that night. Note: There werent too many quarter machines.  It went from penny slots to $5 slots with not many quarter or $1 slots in between.   The pool was nice and spacious despite the crowd on that 100 degree day.  Every spot near the pool was taken, but I lucked out and grabbed a seat while my hubby and son took a swim.  There's a really nice waterfall area.   However, there's a basketball net and it can get rowdy.  It wasn't bad at all considering it was a big mix of singles, families, young and old. Would i come back? Probably not but it wasn't the worst experience.  I would give this place 3 stars had the room been cleaner, slightly more upgraded and if the elevator had not been so shabby.  There were things hanging off the ceiling.  Gross!
2	I visit Las Vegas a couple of times each year, and I'm gradually working my way through the major hotel properties along the Strip.  I was looking for somewhere new to stay this time, and I figured: (1) the Flamingo is centrally located on the Strip, (2) there's a monorail stop in the back of the property, (3) my mom likes flamingos, (4) the rates were around $40/night, and (5) the reviews weren't all negative... so how bad could it be?I reserved a non-smoking room with two double beds.  In true Vegas style, they "ran out of non-smoking rooms" and wanted to put me in a smoking room.  I'd slipped a twenty in between my ID and credit card when I was checking in, which is a trick that usually gets you something nice - and this time, it saved me from a smoking room.  Alas, it didn't save me from the ensuing nightmare.  I was assigned a mini-suite on a high floor.  Superficially, it's a nice room.  Much bigger than a standard room, with a decent view of the Flamingo's famous nature habitat and pool facilities.  The decor is somewhat modernized, though a little bland.  But when you looked a little closer, the room left a lot to be desired:  Weird spatters and dents on the walls.  Stains on the ceiling.  Mildewed grout.  Shower curtain torn in half.  Sink that takes 5 minutes to drain.  No washcloths, bathmat, soap dish, or tub stopper.  Broken light fixture.  Outlet missing its cover.  General grunginess. The next morning, I called "guest services" (which took a while, since the button for "guest services" on my phone was - yes - broken!) and they said someone would come up during the day and fix everything.  I left and came back.  Half of the problems were still there, and I had new ones - they'd left filthy plunger-water in my sink, taken one of my rolls of toilet paper, and left a note advising that the hotel was out of toilet paper!  I was irate.  I went down to the desk this time and spoke to a manager on-duty.  He said they couldn't change my room because the hotel was full (meanwhile, they had rooms available for booking on their website), but they could fix everything in the evening.  Okay.  I left and came back around midnight.  Still not all fixed!  I did have toilet paper now (whew) but called maintenance once again.  They came around 1:30AM and finished my repairs.  I got an offer to change rooms for my last night, but I didn't want to repeat the process now that I'd been through all of this ridiculous nonsense.I suppose you get what you pay for, though that doesn't quite ring true when my horrible $40/night room has a regular rate of several times more.  I doubt they came in and made it worse because I paid less.  I took photographs of all of the broken stuff and am writing a letter to the Flamingo management about their crappy old hotel.
3	We did not stay in the hotel, but I did spend a good portion of time in the casino here, especially the poker room. The casino itself is definitely nothing special. They were doing some serious remodeling of the high limit gaming area, so there was some construction going on, and one of the bathrooms was down because of it. That was somewhat annoying.If I was reviewing the casino as a whole, I'd probably go with only two stars. However, the poker room made it enjoyable for me. Sure, aesthetically it is not a great poker room. There are only a couple crappy TV's, the chairs are just mediocre, and sometimes there aren't too many games going. However, the frequency of drink service to the poker room is excellent. Also, the dealers are very friendly and I didn't witness a single dealer error during numerous sessions. This is also one of the few places around that offers a $2-$4 limit hold'em game regularly, so if you are trying to play some very low stakes on the strip, this is your place. Just don't expect to beat the rake, and expect there to be 4-8 players calling each flop. You've been warned..... Also, they have good bonuses between 4am and 4pm, the best of which is $100 for getting aces cracked. If you're in the $2-$4 game your aces are going to get cracked anyway, so you might as well get 100 bucks out of it.All in all, I kept going back to the poker room because I knew there would be plenty of free drinks, the dealers would be good, and the bonus options were among the best in the area.
1	This Hotel is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in to this point in my life. The Old Country Buffet is better than the buffet offering at this hotel. The Casino is filthy and lack luster and the rooms are the most offensive excuses for living quarters I have ever stayed in. The bathroom of my hotel should be given a one star rating for cleanliness but as sad as it sounds that carpet, the walls, and beds deserve a lower rating so... There is a Japanese restaurant (HAMADA) near the the cab stand in the basement of the hotel, this place rocks and needs to find a home in a better quality hotel. This hotel was garbage and I would recommend no one ever utilizes it for gambling, lodging, or eating. If you do have to stay there look under your bed!!!!!!!!
3	It's very cheap for Vegas and we didn't experience any problems. Centrally located on the strip; we could see the Bellagio and Caesar's from our room. The best part was being able to watch the Bellagio Fountains from our window! This hotel has the basics down, nothing fancy, no frills kind of place. Outside the hotel, you can check out their birds and waterfalls. Flamingo's buffet isn't that fancy either. It's cheaper than the other buffets, but not as good. I remember there were some choice pieces of dried fruit (esp. papaya) but it was only slightly better than a typical brunch buffet you'd get at a typical restaurant. You get what you pay for in Vegas.
1	ewww ewww ewww and gross. We booked a GO room after reading reviews and looking online. arrived and they made up some nutso excuse why our rate was going up, then the hallways looked as if they had not seen a vaccum cleaner ever and the smell is just nasty. got in the room and right off we see the previous occupants tab from the weekend. written on the wall. in hot pink marker. interesting. then i noticed a smell that i am sure many seedy hotels in vegas stink of. sick. the comforters had something crusty all over them, the fridge was convered in vomit, toilet paper rack broken on the floor and to top it all off when i jumped my head hit the ceiling. i am 5'6 and my vertical is not so great. i will NEVER go back and they had me sprinting across the street to the Bellagio.
3	I went for a meeting for work but I had my evenings to myself. I will first off start by saying I HATE lines. I got in from Chicago and I lucked out and caught a $6 shuttle to the hotel. It was as hot as shiat! 102 and sunny. I walk in and the line was long to check in (and I thank god that that I had my Iphone to keep me sane) it took a little while until it was my turn. I asked if I could get a "GO-ROOM" and she said $30 a night upgrade, and I said ewwwww could hook a brotha up? (in my best Chris Rock voice) 20 bucks a night was the price after that. and with a little tip I got a room that faced the Bellagio (sweet... photos to come) The room was nice and the noise wasn't bad also joined the gym for 3 days (gym was acceptable too) I will have to go back again and may go more upscale next time just to see the difference. I heard from coworkers that didn't upgrade that rooms were old and yucky (pay the upgrade!) Shops and restaurants are kinda geared towards the same people that would get excited over seeing Donny and Marie... Not a bad place to stay just want to explore Vegas via another hotel next time.
1	WARNING:DO NOT stay at the Flamingo! It was the worst experience I had with a hotel. Casino: WAY too smokey. There was barley and ventilation so I was constantly coughing because of the smoke. Flamingo Baggage Check Employee: Extremely rude and pushy. They were basically begging for a tip from me and my boyfriend, even though he did nothing and smacked our luggage against the walls as he dragged it. And then he had the nerve to say to us "was the service that bad" and stormed off. I don't appreciate people begging me for a tip, when in reality I would only give a dollar, but i didn't think he deserved one and don't appreciate the pushiness.Hotel Room: Horrible! Sink was clogged, sink leaked everyday all over the counter, didn't get running water some nights instead i got a sucking noise out of the sink and bathtub, bathtub knob didn't shut off so water leaked, bathtub was rusted on the faucet and kinda dirty, hairdryer was rusted, stains on the floor, pillows were HORRIBLE quality, problems with the safe (had to call a repair guy to fix it), no fan for the bathroom so it got very foggy and didn't suck up air after someone went to the bathroom, and the cups that were there to drink from were dirty.Pool: Its nice but can get VERY crowded easily which makes it difficult to find a seat. Water was EXTREMELY cold in the pool which ruined the pool experience. It was freezing!STAY away from the Flamingo. Such a horrible experience. I took pictures and videos of all the issues and sending it to the Flamingo this week. Just horrible! Their standard room was worse quality than a motel.. yes that's what I said. You should stay at a different hotel in Vegas that has great rooms at any price and ventilation.
3	I can't believe the number of people that are here at the Flamingo today checking in!  They definitely need to get more check in stations or front desk personnel because at one point, the line was 30 deep.  There is an internet kiosk for those who need to print their boarding passes for the way home and a concierge desk that carries accessories for those that are handicapped.  They also have a few wedding chapels (relative is getting married there tonight), tropical garden outside, many nice restaurants, and a sports book if you would like to gamble on your favorite sport like horse racing.  While the hotel is smoky, it was not that bad but some parts of the casino are definitely smokier than others.  For the price, I expected nicer rooms and also free WI-FI ($13.99/day) but how much time in Vegas are you going to spend in your room?  The room was dirty (rusty wall fixtures and a huge stain in the carpet).  I would stay here again for the amenities but definitely not for the rooms.
3	I have been to the Flamingo numerous times. Here is my overall synopsis. In terms of the room, it depends what room you get. The regular rooms are no frills 3 star hotel amenities. The bed cover is definitely not a duvet. The TV monitor is dated and so is everything else but if you don't mind this, it is decent. The Flamingo has GO rooms which have much better amenities such as a TV in the bathroom mirror, a Denon stereo system, a flat screen TV, and motorized window screens.The casino is not really that great. If you are looking for the older crowd who is trying to save a buck by staying here, then this is a great place. I rather go to the other casinos on the strip where the people are younger. The games here typically are older than the ones on the strip.I just ate at the Paradise Garden buffet earlier today. It was alright I suppose. What I really like about the buffet is that they have cocktail shrimp that is fully peeled. Most places do not peel their shrimp. There is a large variety of food but again, it is alright.I have been to the pool before, the topless one but it is alright. It doesn't have the party scene like the other casinos on the strip. If you are an older person who is here to drink and smoke, this is a perfect place for you.
2	I know Vegas is not traditionally a family destination so my comment may seem silly. The Flamingo opens their pool area at 8:00 AM,  the adult pool at 9 AM, but makes all kids wait until 10AM for their pool. Seriously, are adults up at 9 AM at the pool? No they're still sleeping but us families with kids are counting  the 2 hours we have to wait. I do not understand this at all.
2	Unless you're really trying to do Vegas right (party all night and use the room only to sleep when you're not passed out at the pool) the Flamingo is an eh, I've experienced better kind of place.One star for the cool pool set up, and the second for the location.  That's about it.  Let the bitching begin, I stayed in a double bed room, and the bathroom was the size of my closet in SF.  Totally understand this is a more affordable priced hotel, but come on.  There was also one body mirror, which was hard when you're cramming four girls into a room.  The never ending hallways is a problem.  On the first night, one of my friends was in the hallway on the phone and started pacing.  Unfortunately, she was tipsy, the hallway is one of those long, all the doors look the same so we lost her for a good hour until she was able to find which room was ours.  Awesome.Concierge, it was awhile ago when I stayed here, but let's just say I was underwhelmed by them.  That said, Flamingo is your spot if you're looking for something budget friendly and don't plan on spending ANY time in the hotel.
4	The Flamingo is ideal as it is in the middle of the strip and fairly close to many of the major hotels; Caesars, Planet Hollywood, Paris, Bellagio, Imperial Palace, Harrah's, Mirage, the Venetian and the new City Center are all within immediate walking distance. A slightly longer hike north would be the Wynn and a really long walk gets you to the older MGM hotels (MGM Grand, Luxor, Mandalay Bay, Monte Carlo and Excalibur). The rooms have been renovated in the last 3-5 years and are white with bright pink. It's not super fancy, but it's definitely clean and pretty well decorated.
5	This is our favorite hotel in Vegas. Granted there are better overall hotels, this one just feels like home to us. That, plus, I get comped my rooms here everytime we stay.  :) My free rooms are just for the standards. I'm not THAT big of a roller, but, I put in enough to get our bi-summer trips in. The rooms are good for sleeping and showering and other recreational activities that usually require a bed and a locked door. The best, BEST part about this hotel is the Pool. I made a concerted effort in the early part of this decade to stay at EVERY hotel in Vegas. I covered about  60% before I just gave up chasing every new hotel that popped up. I still have to say that the flamingo has the best pool around. The tropicality of it all is very inviting and soothing. We spend as much time as possible here. It gets crowded quickly in the summers. Get in before 10a. They have a waterfall here, a big one. Sitting underneath helps to get those kinks out of your neck. Awesome pool. Oh, and they have poolside blackjack. But, don't play. Unless you're really really drunk. I don't do very well with the gambling here. I tend to stay away for the most part. Luckily, because they're a Harrah's property, I can play most anywhere on the Strip. The buffet here is pretty good. We've caught all dining options (breakfast, lunch, dinner, brunch) and the food is about a 4 star. Love this hotel.
4	Location! Location! Location! Flamingo is in the heart of the strip. I can honestly say it's one of my favorite hotels in Vegas -- Mainly because of the Go Rooms and the location. Check-in to the hotel can take a while (depending on what time you arrive) but with a drink in my hand I don't mind ;-) Keep in mind that Flamingo is renovated and it doesn't look as bad as it looks from the outside. I will admit, when I first stayed at Flamingo with some friends I was a little skeptical. But since I was on a budget, I didn't care. The deluxe room is just ok. Nothing out of the ordinary. Now, the Go deluxe room is a whole different story. It is a little pricier but I think it's worth it. It's very pink. Yet, I'm not a fan of pink but I kinda liked this pink.....weird I know. The Go deluxe rooms are funky. Love the decor and the TV in the bathroom...how awesome is that! Love the 42-inch TV in the room. The bed was very comfortable and just a cool room. The pool is just too much fun. They have a slide that I went on over and over again. The pool is very big and it did get a little crowded at times. This place is awesome! I try to never stay at the same place twice, but this hotel is just too cool.
3	This is for the casino only.When I go into a casino, I am usually playing blackjack, or my wife may wander off to a poker room.  Sometimes, I just want to play a little video poker at the bar and sip on a drink while I watch my quarters slowly vanish.I have gone into the Flamingo casino many times, and my wife likes the atmosphere.  Not too smokey, most people are having fun, and it is easy to people watch out on the strip.  However, the last experience took it down a notch or two.We were playing blackjack at a table.  The dealer was really friendly and helpful, which to me is the main reason for being at a blackjack table.  I am not there to win serious money...I am there to have fun.  If the dealer isn't much fun, then why bother?  Anyway, one of the things that I expect is to be able to get a drink (whether alcohol or not) about every 30 to 40 minutes.  Well, the drink lady came around when we seated ourselves.  She took our order, and she was back in a reasonable time (about 10 minutes).  Then, about 40 minutes later, she came by to pick the glasses up in a rush while my wife was meeting a man about a horse.  Didn't even bother to take another drink order.  Another 40 minutes later, and she was not to be seen.We let the dealer know that we really enjoyed her company, but we can't stay if we are only going to get drinks every couple of hours.  She agreed, and we chipped up and left.The other thing that can be bothersome is that they have a few tables on the outside that only pay 6 to 5 for blackjack.  Sorry, that is where the money is made, and it just seems very cheap to do that.2 years ago, 4 stars.  Now, only three.  Dealers are still really cool there.
3	The Flamingo is one of the old school Casino/Hotels in Las Vegas. Most of it's contemporaries have been torn down or are on their way down. Desert Inn, Stardust, etc. Hilton bought it quite a while ago to add it to their huge flagship Hilton on the north end of the strip near the convention center (well at the time it was huge, now it is being dwarfed by new projects). It has been remodeled and spruced up by Hilton, and now it really serves as a mid-level Casino/Hotel offering for Hilton in Vegas. Hilton has several large Condo/Timeshare properties now for non-casino vacationers, and the Hilton still serves as the flagship. But, a few years ago, Hilton sold this property to Harrah's Group. As such, the hotel is nothing special for Vegas goers, and in this town where the hottest thing is whatever is the latest and largest, the Flamingo dwarfs in comparison. Perhaps the best part of the hotel is the large tropical courtyard with its lush greenery. They do offer a lot of cheap room specials, so it isn't a bad choice for value travelers who still want some Vegas luxury, and don't want the riff raff in the next room that comes at the Circus Circus, Hooters, Stratosphere or Excalibur.
3	I've stayed at four different hotels in Vegas and this has to be my least favorite.The rooms were slightly clean but extremely old and outdated. We had a standard room with two double beds and it was very tight. The bathroom was the size of a tic-tac and we pretty much used the ironing board as a surface to drink from!! Embarassing, yes I know.The lobby is very "white" and somewhat welcoming. However, the whole casino smells of cigarette smoke and old people... the dealers are super friendly though. They make your gambling experience twice as good.They have really cheap, affordable dining and decent bars to drink from. I couldn't sleep one night and was the only one awake so I went downstairs at 3am and talked it up with the bartender. After 6 coronas and 5am... we pretty much knew each others life stories... I was down about $60 from the beers and tip. At least I slept wellThey have nice pools and a nice "lagoon" is what they call it I think. It's a nice scenery with a variety of animals, including flamingos of course. They used to have Penguins!! The bartender told me they kept dying cause of the desert climate, duh.I would've given them 2 stars... but lucky for them, the fantastic service bumps them up an extra star. Even the housekeepers were very nice and friendly towards us.
4	Great location! It seriously is located in the middle of strip. Cab rides were no more than 10 dollars to any location. Perfect walking distance to Bellegio and Ceasers!!Stayed here for 3 nights in the Martinique Suite. The suite was amazing! Strip view, mini kitchen, full living room, dining room, guest bathroom, his and her sinks, big screen tv (old fashion box tops ones!! lol), vanities, closed bathroom toliet and a whole lot of space! On top of our suite we booked a connecter room that was a standard room. Martinique suite had a blue and silver theme. Nice and comfortable. We hardly left our ''apartment'' the whole weekend!Flamingo hotel itself is outdated. Pink everywhere and the casino floor itself is not that big. Seems like the floor hasn't been changed in years and is more geared to older people. We played craps and note to others not all drinks are free. Premium drinks are $3-$5..  Flamingo is also connected to the monorail. They serve TCBY, a full bar, coffee, muffins, and extra snacks downstairs. I would consider coming back here for future Vegas trips. Only for the suites and GO rooms. Standard rooms ehh not so much!
5	we had an awesome magic show there. forgot the name, but it was very comical
2	Never staying her again. Got  a good deal from Expedia, and I got what I paid for. Room is ooooooold and rough. It's good if you aren't going to spend much time there. It's also located mid strip which can be a plus if you are doing any exploring. And the monorial is located at the back of the  hotel which made for easy and cheap traveling which was a plus.
4	we rolled into town starving and the flamingo was right next door so we hit it up for the brunch menu. it's not fancy but the food was pretty good. price is reasonable for stuffing yourself compared to other hotels, but like i said, it's not fancy. the salad bar...very good. some of the hot food...a little dried out looking. shrimp were a bit watery and soggy and crab legs req'd more work that was worth, but hey...we came in our elastic pants and left with no room to spare...so it couldn't have been that bad!
3	I stayed at the Flamingo back in July for my birthday trip to Vegas. I was excited to stay around that area of the strip because I usually stay on the south side of the strip. I came in on a Thursday afternoon around 2:30-3pm and there was about 10 people in line in front of me. It took over an hour for us to get up to the counter and there was 6 people working behind the counter. So I don't know what the wait time was about. Once I got checked in I went up to my room which was nice and clean. My only complaint about the room was the bathroom sink had a foul odor coming from it. I didn't realize until the last night I was there that there was a rim of caked on mildew around the drain. But other than that everything else was clean in the room. The view from the room was the back of the hotel. Even though it wasn't a view of the strip it was still a view of something which was nice because I have stayed in hotels where the view consist of a building air conditioner or of another wall. I liked that the window went from the floor to the celling. that was pretty cool. The casino was to my surprise smaller than most other casinos in other hotels. The parking lot was ridiculous. you think that its a one way aisle in the structure and its not. there are areas where you can turn onto another aisle but no stop signs. i wouldn't be surprised if fender benders happen in there on a daily.  Besides the parking structure, the long wait to check in and the mildew in the sink I did enjoy my stay at the flamingo and would recommend it to a friend. its in a great location. Walking distance to Mirage, Bellagio, Harrahs,  Ballys, and small street shops. Its also close to the Monotrail.
2	1 Star for location.1 Star for not having critters running around.The room had that funky old smell. I asked guest services to spray and/or vacuum multiple times. Either they did and it didn't help or they didn't and that obviously wouldn't help. In any case, wasn't fun staying here.I didn't stay in one of the new and improved rooms so maybe that would have helped. I wouldn't stay here again unless it was in one of those rooms.Obviously, if you are just going to stumble back to the room drunk and not notice a smell then this is the place for you.
3	For the casino only:It's a pleasant enough place.  Sometimes it can get quite noisy and the music is loud.  On the other hand, they do have Spin Poker Deluxe which is the VP I like to play.It's not the easiest place for locals to go when compared to the easy in and out of the newer places, but when you're going to see Vinnie Favorito or X Burlesque, you come in the back way to the garage and make do.
4	The Flamingo is very clean and basic. Not over the top like some of the newer hotels on the Strip. The rooms are basic size, the bathrooms on the smaller side and the towels are thin and not very plush. There is one side that faces the Strip and you can actually see the Bellagio water show from your window. The location is also terrific, right in the middle of the Strip. The grounds are well maintained and have ponds with ducks, flamingos, and koi. The pools are small but there is enough room for lounging on the sides. The casino is no frills. Separate slot area from the tables and a separate poker lounge.  There are some nice shops, mainly clothing and trinkets. Sin City Brewery is on premise and has good (potent) beers and drinks. Checkout and check-in are ridiculous lines, but I guess that is to be expected at any hotel. The overall price is great - clean, fun place, good location, but not break the bank.   Note that wifi is not free ($9.95).Make sure that any purchases you make you hand your Total Rewards card to get the point credits.
2	The Flamingo is one of the few surviving hotels from the old Vegas days...and it shows. There is nothing flashy about the Flamingo. Short of the presence of the casino, it doesn't even feel like Vegas. The Flamingo has become an institution unto itself, and short of getting a free room for my visit, I rarely ever even step foot inside the hotel.However, you cannot justify destroying one of the few remaining icons from old Vegas. Visit the Flamingo if you've never been to Vegas...heck, stay there even. The rooms are decent, but I had a problem with cell phone reception with a pool view room. No great restaurants inside of the hotel, but it is close enough to every other hotel that it makes walking the Strip an easy task.
2	Walked throughout here to check out their gambling scene and they seriously need an update!! Everything looked very old and worn out. The atmosphere was very dead and dull. Was not excited to try and gamble here at all!
4	We went to the Flamingo for my daughters dance nationals. We stayed a week. I have to say our room was clean and kinda retro. Bathroom was huge had a TV in the mirror. We had a suite facing the strip and could see the Belagio water show. The kids really liked that. The staff was very helpful and nice. The pool there is a killer hang out. They have water slides and benches in the pool. The down side is they close early for being in the desert. It's hot there. They have a couple good eating places in the hotel. A burger joint and the buffet..
4	This review is for 11/13/2010. After deciding to go to Flamingo's Paradise Garden Buffet, I just had to figure out where the heck it is. I know...I know...its on Flamingo Road, but I just don't know what the design of the building looks like since Aria, Caesars Palace have distinctive designs. How old is Flamingo? I had trouble finding the parking lot many times. I circled the building twice and entered Imperial Palace's parking garage by accident and got stuck in it. I finally found the garage, but I was so lost where the elevators were. POOR SIGNAGE!!! I made a mistake and accidentally found a sweet spot near the elevator. The parking garage is not connected to the casino, so you will have to cross the driveway where the cabs are waiting. My mom thought she saw a woman from Designing Women waiting for her limo or ride. I think it was a TV show. Oh well, I am not familiar, but I guess you will bump to someone from the past in Vegas.We walked in and wow...bright and shiny like the casino was brand new. The smell of coffee in the air and all the shiny floors and railings. Looks old on the outside, but definitely cool in the inside. I didn't have my Total Rewards Card, so I headed straight there to get it. Unlike Harrah's Casino, this TR area was small. Only 3 people working on a small booth type area. I got my card and I was in and out fast before the Platinum's got theirs. I saw a lot of Filipino workers here. Geez...With Pacquiao's fight, I swear it was a Public Relations ploy to get Pacquiao supporters to stay at Harrah's Brand instead of MGM. On the way to the buffet, I, actually, saw FLAMINGOS!!!! Why didn't I take a picture?! It was weird to see a pink bird just walking around the patio area. Now I am thinking of Suzanne Somers from Three's Company. Overall, the casino looks better than Sahara, but the bathroom might need some upgrades since I had trouble trying to get out of the stall...lol. My leg blocked the way out. Parking Garage and accessibility is a little confusing since you have to enter from the back through the alley. Would I return?.....I will say...Yes. The Yelp Universe. Where are you traveling today?
1	for the price of the regular room here at Flamingo, I think I could get better staying elsewhere. the room was old and honestly for the price of the GO room which looks really nice from the pics, I think I would stay at a better hotel. the Flamingo casino is not at all impressive and the room doesn't even make up for it. the one thing I was a little annoyed about was the fact they didn't have a room service menu in the room. I don't know if the maid forgot to put it in there but I had to call the front desk for it. I just got back to my room after a long day and it was late to go out to find something to eat, I would appreciate the fact that there was a menu available to me in my room. the menu made it up to my room 40mins later, which I woke up to from a knock on my door. how annoying? I ended up just going to sleep. I won't come back, regardless how affordable and conveniently located this place might be. for Vegas, it is not worth it in my opinion.
4	I think the renovated GO rooms are a sweet deal. My friend and I called it our little cute pink room since the interior was a cute hot pink color with candy stripped walls and a decently sized flat screen TV. Two comfortable queen sized beds, mini fridge, good sized bathroom with separate tub and shower. The shower even had extra jets for massaging which was nice. Might I add the bathroom had a tv built into the mirror and I enjoyed watching TV while getting ready and taking a shower. Awesome. The flamingo is really located in the middle of the strip which is convenient, and will definitely be on my list for future stays in Vegas.
3	Being one of the oldest hotels in Las Vegas, the place was not bad. The room was fairly clean, but the bathroom definitely needs some upgrades. The water pressure in the shower was a little low, but other then that the room was OK. The room had a great view of the strip and a large flat screen TV. The Flamingo had a lot of pretty good shops, but like everywhere else was super expensive. The best thing about the hotel was the burger bar, from midnight until 3AM, you can get a cheeseburger with fries for $3. Much to my surprise this place was not packed, but its one of the best deals in Vegas for your late night eating pleasure!So if your in Vegas and do not want to spend a lot of money on a room I would suggest the Flamingo!
4	Let me start by saying this is going to be a long review so pay attention people...LOL. The wife and I stayed here for our 10yr anniversary....but it was not planned really.....let me explain. We have always went to tropical locales over the years for our anniversary......but since we moved to Phoenix from Chicago....and we had already bought each other very expensive anniversary gifts we didn't really know how our funds would look to take one of those "tropical' trips this year.So in our search to find somewhere to go it came down to 2 locations....San Diego, CA.....or Las Vegas, NV. Well since both were short drives that didn't help us decide....but what did was the great deal my wife found. We took United Airlines last year when we went to Maui and my wife got a boat load of points for our mileage traveled. While looking up hotels in Vegas she found we could stay at this world famous establishment by using our point\s.....and we could stay for 5 days for only.....wait for it......wait for it.....wait for it....16 BUCKS.....wohoooo!!!!I don't mean 16 BUCKS a NIGHT people......I mean 16 BUCKS for the ENTIRE WEEK.....so naturally we ended up coming to Las Vegas. Now when you arrive at the hotel you have to be careful because the parking structure is on the backside of the hotel. So while you may be able to come into the front entrance you will have to park in the rear....but hear is a tip USE YOUR GPS....and FOLLOW the instructions to the letter and they will lead you to exactly where you need to be. I know this hotel is right in the middle of the strip on world Famous LAS VEGAS BLVD.....but you can't access the hotel parking from here without running into hundreds of people....so you have been warned!!!The entrance to the hotel and Casino is on the 3rd floor...but chances are you won't get to park on that level because it is always full. However there is parking on the other levels which go up an additional 4 levels...but be advised if you park on level 7 you will have to walk down to level 6 to get the elevator to come down to level 3 where the entrance is because the elevator does not go up to level 7. Also try to park by the elevator....and don't stay out to late because i promise you you will be parking far away if you do no matter what level your on....and the walk  will be a beast.The line for check was long when we arrived....but here it is always that way. It does move along fairly quickly but you must have some patience. The front desk staff are very nice and courteous.....the rooms are very nice as well....although i would have preferred a fridge and microwave in it. We stayed on the 16th floor in a deluxe suite with 2 queen beds with a great view of the strip and the Bellagio fountains. Now you will here a lot about the GO rooms...but i wouldn't pay extra...there not that special except for some better views and those might have a fridge....but not sure.The Wildlife Habitat is pretty nice...the pool was closed...so that was a bummer but i still got some great pics of it so you can check those out. I forgot being that it is November so probably a little cool even by Vegas standard for it to be open...LOL. The shops are just average....and so are the restaurants....but this place called the Burger Joint has a great burger and fries deal for 3.99 from 12 midnight until 6am every night if you hungry late. The monorail also runs here...but it is $6.00 one way...so unless you just want to try it.....i would walk because most everything from here is in walking distance....or take a cab....it might be cheaper...LOL.While this is an older hotel....and there was a red spot on the rug...looks like nail polish or paint....the rooms and grounds were very immaculate. The location is unmatched being that the Bellagio and Caesar's Palace are across the street.....Bally's....the Imperial Palace....Harrah's.....The mirage....City Center.....The Paris....The Eiffel Tower....Planet Hollywood......Fashion Show Mall....and Treasure Island are all withing walking distance. No other hotel on the strip can brag about that. I will be coming here annually starting next year...and believe me this will be my choice for staying (barring the prices are right....LOL) because i simply loved my stay here. So remember while your in Vegas my friends: "Whatever Happens in Vegas will be on Facebook" and Eat, Drink, and Be Very Merry my Friends!!!!!
3	Older but updated.  The location of the Flamingo is one of it's greater values, centrally located in the strip.  The rooms are reasonable, the casino areas are ok and the food selection is tolerable (giving a pretty good range of options that oddly is missing at some of the higher end casino's).
4	A friend and I decided spur of the moment to head to Las Vegas and stay at the Flamingo this go round. When we got the LV we headed straight to Flamingo and the check-in counter. It took us maybe 15 or 20 minutes too get throught the line but it didn't seem so long since there was a lot around us to distract us. When  we got too the counter all went smoothly until the lady who was helping us told us they had too put a hold on our credit card of something like 100-150 per night. I was shocked but we put the CC down and then left for our room. When we got too our room we were very dissappointed. We got a very plain room that had not been updated in some time. I called the front desk and asked if we could get a different room and they not only gave us a different room but also upgraded us to a GO ROOM. Now when you get off the elevator to your floor the first thing you notice is that everything is bright pink and it takes some getting used too but its okay. Now when we got to our GO ROOM we were very impressed. Again very pink but so nice. The room was great and very comfortable. We really liked the TV in the mirror in the bathroom but best of all we loved the beds. These beds in the GO ROOMS are too die for. Hands down the most comfortable beds in all of Vegas. It was very hard to even get out of bed each day because we were so comfy.We didnt spend much time in the casino but we did go look at the pool and it looked very nice. We also ate once at a cafe I cant remember the name of but it was right next to Flamingo Habitat. As I remember it it was okay, not great but okay.Besides the 150 per night we had a nice stay at the Flamingo. I will stay here again know doubt....especaially if im just looking for some R&R in them fab beds.
3	This casino/hotel gets three stars instead of two because I'm giving them a pass for being an early casino and being on the strip.It's also the only cage I saw the whole trip where I got money back.
3	The Flamingo is an older hotel, but we stayed in one of the renovated Go Rooms on the 22nd floor facing the strip. It was great having views of the Bellagio fountains and the hustle and bustle of Las Vegas Blvd. The room was comfortable, spacious and clean, and it included a flat screen television, a stereo system with DVD player, and an embedded television in the bathroom mirror. It was convenient having a small mini-fridge to keep drinks and snacks cold. From a design perspective, although I liked the stylish headboard and clean lines of the furniture, the color palette is not harmonious. A little hard to do I guess if hot pink needs to be one of your primary colors. Also, as you walk from your room into the elevators down to the lobby, it's like descending back in time through different periods. This may sound nit-picky, but if part of your trip is to take in the delights of interior design, you're going to have to walk over to the Aria or Wynn instead.There's a gym and spa located in the hotel. It's $5 per day or $25 for three days to use the fitness equipment. It comes in handy when you want to work off some of that buffet food. Speaking of the buffet, I liked it. I especially liked having brunch here on Saturday to have all-you-can-drink champagne. Be sure to be seated near the window and admire the live flamingos, ducks and koi swimming in the pond.
4	Got a comped suite room here :) View was amazing along with the location since its in the middle of the strip. I love pink, so the room theme of pepto bismol all over did not annoy me. Showers were so cool and the heater light was pink which was unique! You could really tell they maintained and renovated the place since the bathrooms, furniture, and TVs all looked really new! I mean what do you expect it is hilton owned! Its nice no doubt, but if i was to pay for the room I'd much rather stay at the wynn where the whole hotel is new. Brownie points for the Flamingo for having real flamingos all around the garden area. I hope this hotel stays it's a classic and one of the very few originals of vegas left!
2	Got 7 days for $350 versus Caesar's right across the street walking distance away where they wanted $1200 Rooms were ok, bed comfort was good. Carpet in room needed cleaning felt a little gross, but for the $$ saved it was ok. Hotel and casino itself was very good. Casino was always hopping !
2	Nothing was easy at the Flamingo. They didn't honor the reservations we have made for their new-ish "Go Rooms". We had to produce proof that we had, in fact, booked said rooms. Meaning I had to pay $6 for the lobby computer to print my email confirmation. Getting information out of the concierge, when they were even there, was a struggle. Finding a waitress while gambling was next to impossible. The dealers were less than friendly. Saturday night the Flamingo had several special events, so the parking garage was full. Guests had to park elsewhere. They also didn't have do not disturb signs in all of the rooms. Because they say "Go Away", I guess guest take them home, but the hotel does not replace missing signs. The building itself was great - lots of elevators, lovely pool area, PERFECT location. But the staff needs some serious work. Least friendly, least helpful people in all of Vegas.
3	We visited for my 40th and were happy with the hotel.  The standard room was clean and had a decent view. It was great for the price. Center strip location is ideal for walking around the strip.
2	rooms were small and crappy. shower was cold, and dirty, blanket was thin. not so great place. casino was cool though.
4	Came to Vegas last weekend since it was super cheap. ($60 a night) Stayed here with some friends to split the cost. ($15 pp!) The rooms were fully booked so we got upgraded to a suite. The suite wasn't what I had expected a suite to be.. it for sure wasn't Wynn or Venetian type of room but it did make the stay a bit more pleasant. The restroom didn't have a locking door, it was just a sliding glass so that was a bit awkward.The rooms were pretty clean but I still felt it was definitely a step down from like a Mirage. Given the price and the quality of room, I'll come back again. It was also pretty close to everything so that's a plus. Added plus.. We got to see flamingos from our room.
3	Once upon a time, this was an awesome property.  Now, it's suffering from old age and a lack of investment.  Here's the breakdown:PROS- Pretty cool pool area.  In my opinion, this is the best part of the hotel.....it's tropical, has real pink flamingos, and is fun.- Cheap rates.  You can find rooms in the high $30's to $40 range here often.  I send my budget minded friends here.- Jimmy Buffet's Margaritaville.  This place is a lot of fun.  It overlooks the Strip and has decent eats and fun music.  I'll have to write a separate review one day for it.- Cheap gambling.  Most of their table games have low minimum bets.- Location.  It's center Strip and It's on the monorail line.  Easy access up and down the East side of the Strip from the Sahara to the MGM Grand on the monorail.  Reasonable walking distance from Paris to Palazzo (50% of the Strip).CONS- It's old and it shows.  This place peaked in the mid-90's.- It reeks of smoke.  The last time I was there I walked from the parking garage to Margaritaville and back without stopping in the casino.  However, when I got home my clothes smelled as if I was out all night gambling and smoking cigarettes.  Blech.- Parking garage has small, tight spaces.  This is one of my least favorite parking garages in the city.  The spaces are small and I'm always afraid that my car is going to get scratched or dented.....because it has happened in the past. - They have timeshare sales people that will bother you when you walk by their booth.  I'm not a fan of this at all.  Who wants to be bothered like that on vacation or on a night out?  It's no different than those escort card smackers on the Strip.Overall, you have to understand what you're getting here and it's cheap.  So if you're on a budget, this hotel is for you.....but don't have high expectations otherwise you'll be disappointed.Will I return?  Sure.
4	I had stayed here about 4 years ago when we were in town for the rodeo. This time we stayed at Mandalay Bay just to try something different. On this trip, we were in here several times over the weekend because this is one of the stops on the monorail and the Flamingo is centrally located on the strip. That's what I like about this hotel/casino - location. It also doesn't hurt that Margaritaville is also located here.Even though this is one of the older hotels on the strip, it's very well maintained and the landscaping is immaculate.If  you're going to stay on the strip and want to be right in the middle of everything, then this is definitely a place to stay.
4	During a night of heavy intoxication myself and a few friends had the bright idea of driving to Vegas from LA in the morning. You would expect that once we woke up the idea of driving the 4 hours to Vegas would have diminished! But not with us! After looking up prices we were able to get a "luxury" room for only $100 night, split between 4 guys. By Las Vegas hotel standards, the Flamingo is outdated. In fact by most standards the Flamingo is outdated. However, unless you want to spend $200 a night for a much nicer and more elegant hotel, the Flamingo will do just fine. The hotel has a surprisingly young clientele, not surprising given its cheap rates. The Flamingo is also right in the middle of the Las Vegas strip. Its really a prime location. The biggest pro of the Flamingo is obviously its pool, which has an lush tropical theme and indeed has real Flamingos walking around. The gambling is also a plus! $10 minimum bets on most games, as opposed to $20 minimums at places like the Venetian or Bellagio. If you're looking for luxury, skip the Flamingo. If you're looking for a good time and plan on spending little time in your hotel/hotel room, the Flamingo will do just fine.
5	My first experience staying here was for my wedding weekend.  We were fortunate enough to stay in the Go king suite because it was included in our Flamingo wedding package.  The Go Suites are the newer rooms of the Flamingo.  It has a very nice contemporary look.  The room was very clean and spacious.Our big day was on 10.10.10.  You can only imagine how busy Vegas was with weddings on that day.  The staff at the Flamingo chapel are amazing!!  My husband and I were engaged for only two months prior to our wedding date and with the help of the awesome staff, we were able to plan our wedding with no problems.As for the casino area, it has quite an attractive look for an older building on the strip.  It didn't look worn down like most of the old Vegas casinos.  I was surprised.  I highly recommend this place especially if you're looking for a nice place to get married.  It beats getting married in those cheesy vegas chapels.
3	Pros: great price (~$45/night during a major holiday), great location (middle of the strip), interesting history (bugsy's ghost apparently haunts the presidential suite)Cons: ran out of parking spots for people living at the hotel (ultimate fail), poor water pressure, bad ventilation system (one of the rooms we got smelled perpetually of stinky feet)
4	stayed from 12/18/2010 - 12/20-2010.  Barely stayed in the room b/c i stayed up pretty much all 3 days but no complaints whatsoever.  Would probably stay here again if i'm short on cash, but would definitely want to check out the newer hotels.
2	I'm not one to complain. More often then not I'm a glass half full person... But Flamingo really left me little room for optimism. My friend and I stayed at Flamingo from 12/22/2010-12/28/2010. The price was reasonable, 6 nights for less than $350. We stayed in a deluxe room, NOT A GO ROOM.  So I imagine that the Go Rooms are how positive reviews are made for this hotel. The room was pretty average. The customer service was AWFUL. At 9am they began construction (  with no prior notice). It sounded and felt like an earth quake. I called the manager who was not willing to assist me. My companion called again and politely asked to be moved. We moved (without Bell Service assistance) to a room with no view beside a wall and pipes. The manger was unwilling to offer any type of compensation or any genuine concern for our troubles and pretty much wrote us off. We missed a day of house keeping after being asked what time we would like the room cleaned. Most days house keeping came late. Didn't love itPROS:cheap pricecomfortable beddinggreat location CONS:TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICEjust average rooms
4	This is THE location on the strip. Central to everything that is good, this hotel is the heart of the Harrah's Entertainment Group. Got comped a room here in the newer portion of the hotel, which is trying REALLY hard to look like a Miami-style room. Cute pink decor, plastic cool-looking white headboard, modern restroom complete with frosted glass walls and a TV in the mirror, cute striped brown/pink carpet. We had no problems with our short stay.Note: This hotel offers a Foursquare check in special, which you should definitely ignore. It offers "Buy 1 drink at the bar and get 1 free." Well, the drink limit is $7 which buys you practically nothing (most drinks start at $10) and it's the small glass you get for free while gambling. Skip this offer, it's totally not worth it.
2	Good service but not the best, and the hotel is old.
4	The Flamingo is banging! I came to VEGAS in 2009 == TWICE. The first time i stayed in the FLAMINGO and its definitely the hotel to be at on the strip! IT's live in here all day. The room was big and gorgeous though we did not have a wonderful view. However friends of mine staying a few floors above me had an amazing view of the pond below on the side of the hotel. The buffet in the hotel was also amazing and cheap! I dont know if Im rating it so high because I just love LAs Vegas. Im def. gonna go again!
2	"What the....(add expletive here)!?!?!?"That was definitely the phrase to describe our NYE experience at the Flamingo. I know mucho craziness during NYE in Vegas is expected, but it becomes an even bigger problem when hotel accommodations are screwed up.First off...valet parking was full. After our 6 hour trek from LA to Vegas, the last thing we want to hear is..."Sorry you can't park here." (Our first "what the...." moment.) Apparently valet was closed to us regular folk, but remained open for Diamond or Seven Star cardholders. To make matters worse, the regular hotel parking was CLOSED. We were forced to park at the neighboring O'Sheas parking lot. This then required us to haul our a$$es and baggage across an alleyway in 39 degree weather. "What the...!?!?"Secondly...when we check-in, we are told the room we reserved (the Go room with a King size bed) was no longer available, but they did have Go rooms available with either double beds, or a handicap accessible room with a King size bed. ("What the...!?!?) Handle bars in the bathroom was not my idea of a romantic NYE getaway...but then again, double beds was not either. However, we opted for the double beds.Thirdly...the next morning I woke up looking forward to a nice long, HOT shower. I turn the shower on....water is ICE COLD. I figure it may take a while to warm up since the hotel is probably filled up to capacity, so I wait a few minutes. I check back...still ICE COLD. We call downstairs and apparently the hot water was out in half of the hotel. ("What the..!?!?) We go downstairs to put in our complaint....and the complaint line was already wrapped around the hotel lobby. We suck it up and wait in line. Its funny how negativity brings people together. Through different conversations we found out that some people had no hot water while others had NO WATER at all! After about 30 minutes, we finally got to speak to Andre, the guest services manager. Fortunately, he was very polite and listened carefully to our complaints...from the valet, to the hot water...even to the fact we had a coffee maker in our room, but no coffee! Step by step he negotiated a resolution to each complaint. He knocked off a hundred bucks on our NYE rate (our first night was already comped), he called down to valet and gave us his business card which allowed us access to valet parking, and then he contacted housekeeping to stock up our room with coffee (I'm a true coffee-holic.) If not for Andre, this would have been a one-star experience. Also, the Go Room was pretty chic. I loved the tv/mirror in the bathroom and the pink and brown color combo. However, next visit I plan on staying away from the strip....
4	Not bad place for middle-class.  Right amount of luxury without feeling like I'm paying for non-essentials.  Very central to the strip.  Out Go Room was pretty nice.  Coffee in room was a plus.  No tub in bathroom was a minus.  Great view from our room.  Definitely a couple of stars above Imperial Palace.  Only downer was the never ending quest for a truly quiet room (we have stayed in about a dozen different LV casinos).
1	Me and three friends went to the Flamingo for the new years weekend. Overall, it was very disappointing. Here are some highlights:-The price was absurdly inflated given the quality of the hotel, but it was understandable since we chose the busiest weekend of the year.-Valet lot was full. South parking lot was full. North parking lot required a hotel key to get into, but given the fact that it was taking 2 hours to even check in (to then be turned down despite having a guaranteed check in time) we had to have our driver drive around the strip and eventually park in a liquor store lot for an hour while we braved the line.-There was no water in our room for hours.-The check-in line, check-out line, and "water complaints" line were absurdly long. Since when is online/TV check out not standard? -The security during the midnight rush were extremely rude and threatening for absolutely no reason (wearing a hood on a patio?) despite us being very cooperative.-The security was no where to be found when people were getting nearly trampled at the entrance to the hotel. Absurd. I will never visit this hotel again.
3	I've never stayed here but have visited several times over the years.  I've eaten a couple of times at Margaritaville on the strip side and had beers with friends at the garden bar.  I think the best place is the garden area out back with it's flamingos and other birds in the ponds.  They just put in a new food court a couple of months ago which one of my customers did all the casework for.
2	Sightseeing location #3: Flamingo Las Vegas+: free Nathan Burton show-: pretty much everything elseFlamingo was my least favorite hotel during my trip. The whole place stank of cigarettes and people who have been there for too long. Though the lights look pretty on the outside, the whole decor on the inside was a mess! Actually, I don't even think there were ANY decorations. The Nathan Burton show was entertaining...plenty of adult humor with a few magic tricks. So if you're thinking about coming here to see something, this is your warning.
2	Disclaimer:  I experienced the Flamingo on NYE so note that this review probably does not reflect a typical experience.  I have to thank Flamingo for taking in my wasted friend who was throwing up repeatedly after drinking a four-foot tall mixed drink that was bought on the Strip.  We got denied from the other more classy hotels like Cesar's who require evidence of a room reservation or a pass in order to get in on NYE.  I guess they want classy, not trashy!  Yup, it was the Flamingo who would take us all in when it was freezing cold outside and it looked like the world was ending just by how the Strip looked like on NYE.  Thanks, Flamingo, we could not have survived NYE without you!
1	i was there for the world series of beer pong and they double booked my room.. granted i did recieve an upgrade but my friends had to wait 4-5 hours to get their room and they did not even have blankets alot of people were smoking weed there and you could smell it in the bathrooms because they have these wierd hole type things in the shower.... the head boards for the beds are attached to the wall the place is a total dive..... AVOID AT ALL COSTS....  THE PICTURES ARE EXCEPTIONALLY MISLEADING THEY DO NOT HAVE LCD TVS UNLESS YOU ARE IN A SUITE OR SOMETHING LIKE THAT
4	If you're staying at the Flamingo, stay in a GO room, no exceptions. We originally booked a regular room, and after the first night decided to upgrade to the GO rooms that everyone raves about.The regular rooms aren't terrible, but they're not much cheaper than the GO rooms and there is a BIG DIFFERENCE between the two rooms. We took to Twitter for a coupon code, and they gave us a code that let us upgrade for $20 each night.The GO room is excellent. It has a big flat screen TV, great bed, a TV in the bathroom mirror, both a shower and tub, a nice lounge chair in front of the big window, a great closet and everything is pristine and clean. I can't express how much happier you'll be with a GO room. And for $65 a night during the week, you really can't beat it.The location is great. It's across the street from the Bellagio (see the water show outside every half hour) and Caesars Palace. Behind it is this neat little Italian joint (not fancy, just fun) called Battistas that gives you free unlimited wine with your meal and a guy with an accordion who comes around playing to all the tables.The outdoor area is huge, which I love. They have a lot of land here. The pool area is HUGE, they must have at least five pools. They also have a little area with real Flamingos (which were freezing their patooties off while we were here) and there's plenty of places to walk around and explore in a semi-quiet environment.My only complaint is the lack of good food. The Burger Joint makes a decent greasy breakfast, but the rest of the food is crap. Sin City Brewing company is the biggest highlight only because they have a fire pit out back.As for the Casino... it's OK. There's nothing spectacular about it except that there are dancing girls in one corner on a little stage every once in a while. The fifty year old boob-implanted waitresses are few and far between and I wasn't offered a drink even once despite the amount of time I spent in here one night.So as far a Casino goes... go next door to Bills Gambling Hall for some fun. If you want a good place to stay, I have to thank the numerous people who told me to stay here because the GO rooms make me feel like I'm staying at the Bellagio, but just a little more pink.
2	We stayed at the Flamingo over New Years and paid an OBSCENE amount of money for our room. I get it, every hotel room in Vegas goes up 10x on NYE, but that doesn't make me any less bitter. The Go rooms were sold out so we were stuck in one of the normal rooms. They were, well, crap. Big enough, but sparse and a little sad. Worse, the rooms had the worst insulation ever - we could hear the guy next door recapping his shaving can. For real?! The whole place smelled funny. The only redeeming part of that stay was the super nice valet guy. We didn't take out cash because the ATM fee was $5(!!!!) and they refused to cash our check and give us money so we could tip their own staff. We profusely apologized to the valet for not having a tip for him, and he was so freaking gracious and sweet about it. Nicest guy ever. He's the only thing keeping this review from 1 star.
3	I liked this place a lot actually. The room I stayed in had a great view and good enough space for 2 people. My only complaint would be the elevators, unorganized bed making, and not-so-good eating joints inside. The tv cable was awesome because it ranged through a bunch of great channels and the slot machines were decent. I didn't like how depressing some of the areas were inside the casino though. I would want to come back and stay here again but in a better location and higher level of room type.
2	I stayed in a deluxe room at this place and I can say I will never stay at this hotel again. Just because it's cheap doesn't mean that the quality of the room should be poor.  Tv and the bathroom look so out dated.  Imo this hotel needs a renovation badly.  Only good thing about our room was the view if the strip.  Right in front of Caesars Palace.
3	Pink.  Lots of pink.  Like cornea searing pink.  You'll only see more pink if you were front row at a Lady Gaga concert.One of the remaining OG hotels on the strip.  Everything reeks of smoke.  Tore up waitresses.  Greasy cafes and buffets.  Half dead animals that would scream kill me if they could to take pictures with.  Definitely a step down from the luxury resorts, but I like it here.  My kind of Vegas, at least until I hit that Wheel of Fortune jackpot. Great center strip location.  Easy to get to everything.  Standard rooms are decent, GO rooms are actually amazing and worth the upgrade, though still small.  Good vibe in the casino, people are usually here to have fun.  They have a gogo area with the...slightly more attractive dealers up front.  But I don't really like gambling here too much since the limits are a little too low, like $10 pai gow.  It sucks to be losing hands while someone else on the table is barely betting anything and constantly winning (yeah I'm gonna hate like that).  Good to come here and kill some time though, better than the IP.  Dear God, anything but the IP.
3	Good location at an affordable price. Its not the nicest place I've stayed on the strip, but it is smack dab in the middle, right across from Caesar's Palace and the Bellagio. My only gripe: it took them 1.5+ hrs to bring me a shower cap!! :(
4	Upon staying here, I wasn't sure what I was going to get based on the mixed reviews. I didn't get a GO room, but did get a deluxe room. This was a great choice, the room was updated, modern, and spacious with a view directly across from Caesars. I would not hesitate to stay here again because of the location and price, it's a good value for what you get. I can't comment on the food because we didn't eat here.The casino area seemed to be on par with all of the other casinos in terms of amount of games and size.
5	This is only a review of the Flamingo CASINO:I've never stayed at the Flamingo before. But my boyfriend and I are huge fans of the movie "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas" and thought it would be fun to walk in and see the casino with a few of our friends. We went in, and as expected, everything was PINK! We walked around looking for a blackjack table and found an empty table for $10 a hand. Our dealer's name was James and I think he might have been Filipino, but we had the best gambling experience here! James was awesome and so much fun and all 4 of us walked away with over $100 in winnings!Tips: our table dealt out of a card shoe, which in my opinion, makes the game of blackjack better when the dealer doesn't keep putting back the old cards into a shuffling machine. Instead, they play the entire show (6 decks) and when it is out, they hand shuffle all the cards and put them back in the shoe. Not only does this allow for an easier way to keep track of how many face cards and aces are dealt, but while the dealer is shuffling a new shoe, it allows for more time to be spent at the table with your friends and chatting with the dealer. The game we played was called Lucky Ladies which means that you also have a chance to bet a minimum of $1 that you'll get a total of 20 with your first 2 cards. Depending on how your cards are suited, you can win a few extra dollars that way too. It sounds like a stupid thing to bet on, but once you kind of get into it, it is a lot of fun to play! Drink service at this casino is also very good which helped all 4 of us have a good time while making money.5 stars for our dealer James who made sure we had a good time and because we all won a lot of money!
2	Needs to be put out of its misery and donate its signs to the Neon Museum boneyard.
3	We stayed in one of the newly remodeled GO rooms. It's the hotel's take on mid-century modern, but it's definitely more modern than mid-century. Yes, there is a large flat screen tv and a tv in the bathroom mirror. Large bathtub, separate shower. There is an audio system with a hookup for an ipod, but you need a cable (not your iphone or ipod charger) to hook into the system. We called the front desk to get one and they said they were out and that the cables have been placed on backorder. The location of the hotel and the hotel rates really can't be beat. It's in the middle of the strip right across from the Bellagio and Ceasars. We had a view of the Bellagio water show thingy from our room. The strip is really walkable from this location. And there is also a bus stop for the Deuce ($7 bucks for a 24 hour pass) right outside the hotel entrance.  If you want to go up to Fremont Street from the strip, I recommend getting a pass for the Deuce or the Ace (which is the express bus).  Cabs to downtown from the Flamingo can be $15-$20 depending on the time of day and the route. A tip when you are checking in...if you already have a reservation and you have the credit card you reserved the room with you don't need to wait in the long line to check in with a human being. There are computer kiosks towards the end of the front desk. You can check in there and get your room keys dispensed from the kiosk. Otherwise, you may end up waiting up to 20-30 minutes to check in.
4	When I first booked my vacation to stay at the Flamingo I had a regular deluxe room. I had read reviews from other fellow Yelpers that all pretty much agreed to get a "GO ROOM" but I am stubborn and thought what the heck I will just keep my deluxe room. WELL..............we first check in after getting attacked by the timeshare people who can't seem to take "NO" for an answer. Anyway I digress. So we get our room and the lady tells us she has a room available but it is far from the elevator and we will have to walk a little. So my husband and I are in pretty good shape so we say no problem and get the room. We walked prob 5-8 minutes to get to the room. We open the door and turn on the lights and the carpet looked like it had not been cleaned in YEARS! Then I check the bedding for "bed bugs" and I don't find any but I do find a half pint of whiskey someone. This might of made some happy but not me. We left our room right after that and when down to the lobby and requested that we be upgraded to a Go Room. The lady tells us they are booked and it's a busy weekend being Superbowl and UFC. I tell her I know they have to have a Go room available. After having a stare off she tells me that there is a GO room available. We were not able to get the room free but she did give us the discounted rate so it was like $25 a night. We get to the GO room and things are much, much better! Very happy and the room is great just like all the fellow Yelpers had indicated. We had a great view and the beds were so soft. We will def go back to the flamingo just for the Go rooms. It was in a great location and we had a great time. I am giving the Flamingo a 4 star just for the go rooms and did I mention there were go-go dancers at night?
3	The Flamingo is another solid 3 star review in this hotel class. It has a nice lobby, nice rooms, everything is just more or less average.However, you are in Vegas, the land of lavishes and luxuries. The land where your room is probably bigger here than your apartment, a land where 24/7 you can lose thousands of dollars and still remember it was a happy occasion. In a land like this, you probably would not want to stay in the Flamingo. Despite the Flamingo being probably a pretty good stay elsewhere, this is not the place you want to be when you are in Las Vegas.Everything is just ok, like many reviewers said, and everything is less grandeur than what you could be getting for almost the same price elsewhere. I found out that the suites are actually a few hundred dollars, which could buy you a nice place at the Venetian for a night just as well.The check in is easy, the check out is a mess, and it's really, really colorful.
2	Flamingo is old and run down now...Owned by Caesars Entertainment (Formerly Harrahs)I haven't stayed here in over 15 years and probably woudln't unless forced to.Only reason I was here was the sponsored Poker Tournament was held in here and they barely have enough room for that...
3	First time staying at the Flamingo (Feb 6-8). I was a little worried after some of the reviews I read but we decided to give this place a try. It was a lot nicer than expected. We had a normal king size room and we were more than happy with it. Check-in was super fast and the lady who helped us was very friendly. The room was very clean and we loved the big windows! The bed was a lot more comfy than I expected also. The Flamingo has a great variety of restaurants/fast food. The casino was pretty good too. We seemed to stick to the video poker but they had a big variety of different machines. I will definitely consider staying here again.
3	Stayed here on comps recently, and enjoyed my stay immensely.Ok, everything that people are complaining about is probably true.  But...  don't pay Flamingo prices and expect Wynn or Bellagio facilities and amenities.  If you're a seasoned Vegas traveler you will know that the only thing that matters most if you're not looking to drop a fortune on luxury is exactly what the Flamingo offers:  great location and clean acceptable rooms.  Who cares if it looks dated.  Are you going to spend your entire time in the room?  Why are you even in Vegas?!  Your view sucked?  Walk outside.  It'll look the same.It smelled like smoke?  You're a moron.  Welcome to Vegas.The bed in the Deluxe room does suck (unless you're a hard mattress sleeper, in which case, you'll be satisfied.)  But as long as I can continue to crash here for free while having easy access to the entire strip and the monorail in my backyard..  I'll be back time after time.
3	Received a pretty sweet deal on a room here plus flight via the interwebs. The location is perfect. The Casino is not bad at all and pretty fun actually. I much prefer it over the more fancy options on the strip. The sports book is lacking though. The lobby areas are nice enough, and there is a Sin City Brewing Co. bar which was nice since this section of the strip seems to not want to serve any remotely decent beers besides your average imports. 2 for $15 pitcher specials all the time. The rooms are average if you don't upgrade. They were clean, just nothing special which is fine with me because a room is just meant to crash in while visiting Vegas.
2	Don't go to this hotel. It really is OLD. The room carpet was dirty. There is no fresh air as the entire room is enclosed in walls and glass. The toilet flush doesn't always work. The bed was okay and shower head didn't always have enough pressure. The only positive was the price which was $41 a night on weekdays, but weekends it shot up. Horrible rooms. The casino was not bad, but my clothes always inherited 2nd hand smoke when i got back into my room. I guess for the weekday price it can't be beat with a room that felt like a higher quality motel. They did also have some nice eateries downstairs like Johny Rockets.
2	I did a lot of research before booking this hotel.  All the photos on the websites only display the "newer" rooms.  When we booked it we were looking forward to staying at a nice hotel with a great location.  It was a great location but not a nice hotel. It was my first time in Vegas and I was looking forward to everything going as planned. Turns out it was an extra $30/night to upgrade to a "newer" room. I was very disappointed.  There always has to be something wrong or a catch when we book things online these days.  We did not want to spend any more money on upgrades so decided not to.  The room was clean looking but not really clean.  The website said it would come with many amenities.... but it came with only the basics: soap, shampoo, iron, blow dryer and tv.  No coffee machine or anything else! The carpet was stained and dirty.. i was afraid to go barefoot.  The bathroom was big and clean but the shower curtain was annoying.  The bed was king size and uncomfortable.  Nothing special about the sheets either. I was afraid of bed bugs... our room was far from the elevators but that was expected due to the huge hotel.  The hotel food was horrible.  I rather eat at Mc D's than the burger joint.  The pizza place was decent when the made it fresh.  And there was a scent/odor by the salon spa and store area... I don't know what it was but it made me nausea everytime we walked by to go to the garage. Almost like a wax smell.  Gross.  I don't know if I would stay here again unless I have one of the upgraded rooms.  I am usually not that picky but I do have bad allergies and sinus problems.
4	The Flamingo is older and a little rough around the edges, but  comfortable as those old slippers you don't want to throw away cause you're so used to them. Like your girlfriend who's a cougar, and dresses in boa's and sequins for an afternoon trip to the mall and you spend time  trying not to be associated with her while she's hitting on that young stud muffin in Starbucks. It's a great location on the strip, and other Harrahs groups are in walking distance (with the exception of the Rio and they run a shuttle there.)  Think Pepto Bismol and you can visualize the decor.For a reasonable price they'll put you in a Go room, and it has a lot of nice features, like a TV embedded in the bathroom mirror and a button to push from bed that will close your curtains. I want one of those at home.Plenty of food options, including the ever popular Jimmy Buffetts place where a platter of nachos feeds four with leftovers. They've also built a new food court, and the options are nice for a food court. Never eaten at the buffet, so can't comment on that.They are currently constructing a mall in the area between the casino and Jimmy Buffetts. Can't wait to see how that is, but there are some cute stores in the back of this casino already. Including a store that will custom pack a box of Ethel M chocolates with all your favorites.The pool here is beautiful, but crowded. You have to get there early to get a seat, and the drinks are expensive but hugh. Can't finish one, and for my taste they're overly sweet.This isn't the worst Harrahs - that honor goes to Imperial Palace. But it's close. I often stay here because of the Go Room and the location. I'm always on the move, and this is a good location to move around. It's also so full of senior citizens that it makes me feel young...not an easy feat.
4	The Flamingo is great because of its central location and rooms are cheap.  Stayed there for Valentine's Day weekend and rooms were $29/night (w/players card), great rate for a weekend!   The rooms are average, but clean and come with all the necessary amenities.Besides, you don't spend much time in your room anyway, so why spend all the money, if you don't have to. Since this is an older casino, it seems to be a bit smokier than others.  The gambling was good, if you are a penny slot fan, this casino is for you!  Overall, I t was good and I look forward to coming back in the summer to try out the pools. If you happen to be coming through the casino or staying the night, don't forget to check out the Pink Flamingos in the garden!
1	This place sucks! the first time I went there (reluctantly), the power went out for 4 hours and we couldn't hang out in the room and watch TV/listen to music while we pre-party.  Also, the girls couldn't do their hair/makeup, etc.  Then a couple years went buy and for New Years 2011 I decided to give them another chance since their rates were so cheap! (The phrase - YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR really IS true).  There was NO RUNNING WATER for almost the entire day.  Then when it came back on - IT WAS FREEZING COLD!...They didn't offer anything for us when we checked out except a $30.00 credit towards a meal!!!...I was thinking F*** Y** manager!  Spoke to me in a condescending manner because I'm only 28 years old!!...Bastard!!!NEVER GOING THERE AGAIN!...
4	I really liked this hotel/casino. For sure one of my favs. I love the location and the fact that it's easy to navigate. Also It's nice having the monorail adjoined to the casino if you are feeling lazy. :) We stayed in the Go-Room, they had an awesome upgrade special so we took it and were so glad we did. The beds were so comfortable and the bathroom alone was killer. We had a great view of the pool (which is amazing by the way), and it was easy to get to from the casino floor. It is a little on the older side, but the new go-rooms are the way to get away from that. If the price is right, I will probably stay there again.
4	Review of casino only. I haven't stayed in the regular hotel for a couple of years now. That being said, the casino is nice enough, albeit kept a little too warm for my liking. With all the bodies and smoking in the casino, even when it's cold outside it would be nice if the casino temperature was kept at a cooler temperature.I like the addition of the food court so that you can grab a quick (cheap) bite when taking a break from losing all your money. It's also nice to take a short stroll through the garden area and check out the flamingos and the massively huge catfish in the pond. Jeeze. What the heck are they feeding that guy?Outdoor seating by Sin City Brewery is nice, but they have heaters, why not turn them on? I mean .. come on! It was in the 40's when I was there last week. Brrrr!
3	i stayed at the flamingo this past weekend... the hotel wasnt as bad as ive been reading on yelp, but it could use some work! for starters, we found water bottles under our bed, so obviously they didnt even bother to check under the beds, the faucet in the shower dripped nonstop so we had to put a towel under it to muffle the sound. we had to wait awhile to check in, i think they need to get more front desk staff. i did love the fact that i was traveling with my dog and they had  a little gift basket for him ready when we got to the room! the wildlife was great also! i would def come back if need be, but i think next time ill try someplace else!
4	Ah, my first trip to Vegas for my 21st birthday, how I wish I remembered more of you.Even since I have been back, I still call the Flamingo home, even when I stay elsewhere. It's homey, kitschy charm with its high-class feel is always great.The casino is one of my favorites as it is large, yet still small enough to manage, unlike some of the larger neighboring casinos. Plus, I've found it to be one of the best about comping drinks while you are playing.As far as the hotel goes, it is pretty standard to most Vegas rooms: long twisting hallways that seem to never end, and few elevators. The attention from the staff made the stay even better though. We had an issue with the room the first night, and after calling the front desk, it was resolved immediately, making our stay a lot more care-free.The location and price are what sets this location apart more so for me. You have all of the major casinos within a couple block walk, no need to take the tram or taxis. Combined with celebrating my 21st birthday, some friends got married the same weekend and that was equally as lovely. The wedding chapel on the grounds was quaint, full of lush tropical plants, and of course the fun animals all around.I definitely recommend The Flamingo!
5	Everytime my boyfriend and I go to Vegas, we make it a goal to stay in a new hotel each time. The flamingo was the very first hotel I stayed at when I went to Vegas for my very first time 3 years ago and now, each time we go, even though we're supposed to be staying at a new place I'm tempted to get rooms there again.When I made reservations for the Flamingo I was a little hesitant based on some of the reviews from yelp. Mainly people discussed, the long lines to check in, the cleanliness etc.. Let me tell you about my experience....We arrived at the Flamingo in the midst of summer (July) where it was at it's peak tourist time. We arrived about 4 hours early for check in but decided to take a chance at trying to check in anyways. The reviews were right, the line for check in was the longet I've ever seen, but in all fairness I heard a worker tell a walk-in tourist that their rooms were booked to capacity. When we arrived at the front of the line, the guy at the check-in counter informed us our room wasn't ready (not their fault we were 4 hours early). Here is where they score major points. Rather than making us come back and wait in line again, they gave us a room that was ready and just upgraded us to a room on the 17th floor with a view of the strip at no extra charge!Now for the rooms. Make absolute sure that you get one of their recently remodeled "GO Rooms." Very cool. Hot pink lights in the bathroom, a tv in the bathroom mirror, curtains that open with the flick of a light switch and the bed...oh my goodness this was one of the most comfortable beds I've ever slept in in my entire life. If I had a way of smuggling it out in my suitcase, I probably would have. Another plus for the Flamingo, it's located in a really great area of the strip where it's close to walk to just about anything. Most people might get turned off by the fact that this is an older hotel, but it really makes you think of "the old vegas" and you practically expect to see the Rat Pack waltzing in throught the doors. LOVE IT!
5	A+ LocationA+ Pool areaA+ Price $35 mid-weekWhat's not to likeNice distinct smellIt's no Bellagio but it's cheap and you can use the money you saved to buy some beer or maybe a live flamingo :D
3	Go suite all the way!  Great service, professional, beautiful tropical gardens, friendly service.  I recommend Go  Rooms suites only.  This hotel I would have liked to have given  5 stars but we do have a billing issue with the upgrade charges.  We were Quoted $25.00 a night extra but we were charged $56.00 extra a night.  We were also offered a 100.00 credit and never got it on are bill. ( This was hotel managements offer for another issue, maid service started cleaning the room at 2:30 in the morning.. Vacuum banging the walls etc)  Watch your BILL!  Also be careful with room service management. Not quick to respond when ordering my wedding cake and looked nothing like the pictures I had sent.  OMG they also DROPPED our cake and never said sorry : (    Besides a few issue's  everyone else in the hotel was great.  Loved the chapel employees, and the relaxing tropical gardens......  Julie Wilburn
2	To be fair, we weren't expecting much. What we WERE expecting, however, was a killer pool. The website said it was "opening in March." So we called ahead to make sure that the pool would be open. This was only a partial truth. A lie by omission. There was only one pool open...a tiny little pool that usually serves as the 18+ pool. People were bitching and moaning about coming to vegas for a tan, only to be squeezed in like a sardine around this tiny pool. You were lucky to get a sun chair. Also, you canNOT take food or drinks into the pool area. The security people are kind of hard asses about it. That said, I'll make a few comments about the hotel. It is right on the strip and is a good value for the price. The room was newly renovated and was cozy, cute and comfortable. The service was not great. I was hard-pressed to find an employee with a smile on his or her face. The hotel itself is pretty janky. It is Vegas, so expect to pay close to 4 dollars for a bottle of water. And you can't get a snack for less than 10 dollars. 2 bloody mary's poolside will run you close to 30 dollars. You can get a bucket of cheap beer for 20 bucks. Internet is 14 dollars for 24 hours. Next time we'll definitely pay more to stay at a nicer hotel, but it was satisfactory for the purposes the purposes of this trip.
4	I stayed in one of the Go Rooms for 3 nights. I was very happy with the room and the hotel. I got in around 1:30pm and made reservations for a restaurant with the concierge as soon as I got there and the lady was very helpful and nice. She also told me that I should be able to check-in no problem even though it was way before 4pm which is the check-in time. The line was fairly short and I was able to check-in no problem which was great!The room was very nice for the price and clean. There was a nice large flat screen TV, automated curtains to a lovely view of the pool area, a mini fridge, a hairdryer, an iron, and a safe in the closet. Unfortunately the pool area was being remodeled so there was just one small pool area. It was ok though since my bf and I went to Bally's or Ceaser's Palace's pool no problem. The official summer season for Vegas doesn't begin until next Friday which was a bummer since a lot of the pools were closed, the service wasn't great at the casino floors, etc. Also a great location! The flamingo is right across the street from all the big hotels such as Ceaser's Palace, the Bellagio, etc. I was able to walk everywhere without having to take a cab. If you're looking for a nice basic room I would highly recommend this place. Honestly, you don't spend that much time in your room while at Vegas. I also noticed that there was a lot of older people at this hotel so if you're looking for a younger atmosphere this is something to keep in mind, but like I said the prime location makes it easy to go just about anywhere within a short walk.
4	Waaay better than I expected! The Luxury Go Room had an awesome view of the strip, neatly decorated, and had all the amenities that I'd expect from a Vegas hotel. In the past, we've stayed at several newer and bigger hotels on the strip, but never stayed in a hotel with such easy access to the strip. Even when we stayed at Caesars Palace, the walking distance from our hotel room to the strip seemed like miles. At the Flamingo, I was amazed that we went from our hotel room to the strip within a few minutes.  Would definitely consider staying there again!
5	This isn't the Venetian or the Cosmo, but it is the best value on the Strip. It is right in the center of all the action and the rooms are actually quite nice and you don't have to pay an arm and a leg.Table minimums are descent, so the casino is always packed and not a stuffy crowed. This video will prove it. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KG7CzQk5MeM
4	Ive stood in the hotel and its ok, nothing like OMFG but its cheap and has a nice bed.I loves the casino though! Its like awesome and has great parking! Its centrally located and isnt always super packed. The servers are super sweet and you can get a 3 burger and fries after midnight!Love it here!
4	This is based on the casino only as I've never stayed the night. This casino is obviously full of rich history and good memories of "bugsy". But if you know anything about him you  know he hated that nickname. I went recently to check out the gardens in the back of the casino which are gorgeous. . with animals and koi and all kinds of fish and actual flamingos, along w/ the the bugsy memorial. I've lived here and been here a few times but never made the time to go out there.. Next time I go I'll be able to see all of it as the sun went down by the time we got there. The casino is connected to Margaritaville which has very overpriced food and drinks and a shop connected, of which I can live without: a $30 tee that looks like it cost $2 to make. ENTERTAINMENT: On my birthday we came here to watch George Wallace. DONT MISS OUT. Ive always wanted to see GW. But I couldnt afford to go but my bf found us tickets @ halfpriced shows - great deal - and went strait away to get us tickets.. but more on that review under GW. This is an older casino but still full of fun - espec w/ George Wallace, which I cannot wait to go see again, ti also has several shops in the back - which If you get the chance to ck out I highly recommend.
1	Total dump!Recently stayed at the Flamingo for a work function. Horrible experience. Don't let the pics on the website fool you-only some of the rooms have been renovated. Mine had a running sink, lumpy carpet and the smell of smoke made my nose run the entire time I was there. On top of all that you have to pay to use the gym and the internet and there is no breakfast provided (which to be fair, I've heard are all to be expected for Vegas where you pay for everything.) Outside is nice but inside is totally depressing. The other hotels have a much better atmosphere. The Flamingo seemed to be filled with a much older and sadder client base. The worst part was the woman in her wedding gown sitting at the slot machine. Ugh. Want to enjoy your trip to Vegas? Avoid this place.
3	Not the nicest, but not the worst hotel I've been in. We came here for new years eve, so it was pretty affordable considering the time of year, and it's not like you spend a whole lot of time in the rooms while you're here anyway. Although it was pretty cold when we were there (snowing cold), so being indoors was a nice thing. We ended up just hanging around in other hotels since the bars and casinos were nicer and had better drinks. All in all, it wasn't bad. I think a lot of people probably would find it a more distasteful place compared to the newers hotels that have been built in recent years, but the bed was comfy enough and it was affordable. I think if you get the upgraded rooms, it's a much nicer stayThe only complaint I have is that our bathroom ceiling had water leaking from it  in the middle of the night and we called someone up to fix it, and I think they just had the maids soak up the water with towels. I guess that's what makes this hotel one star less quality than the other ones. I guess when people set up a really bad impression of a place you plan on staying at, and then it's not nearly as they describe, it ends up being a more pleasant experience.
2	Nice downstairs....Room was pretty beat-down, and I thought they re-did them not too long ago.  Carpet was bumpy all over the floor to our room, and bathroom... well, it needed a LOT of work.  Peeling paint, rust, nicks, etc....Thanks for the cheap room and great location, but damn, there's nicer Motel 6's.
3	The ac Sucked
4	Just got back from a weekend trip to Vegas with my husband (who took me for my birthday). We thought the Flamingo was awesome! We have only been to Vegas two other times and this trip trumped them both. We got the Go Room (which you need to book if you are staying here) awesome young funky deocor. Sweet flat screen tv. A tv inside the bathroom mirror. Ipod hook up and automatic curtains. We had a great view of the strip looking directly at Ceasars Palace. Only downside of that was the huge outside advertisement of Donny and Marie that is stuck to the buildings window obstrcucting a clear view that kinda bumbed us out and hurt our eyes to look out too long. Otherwise we had the best service. Extremly friendly staff. If we stood looking confused more than two seconds a staff member was in our face asking us if we needed help. Great location just about middle of the strip and good places to eat. The Burger joint was so good. Gourmet Burgers and a killer martini called the "Flamango" yummm.....and the Tropical Cafe for breakfast was tasty too. Again, great service at both.Price, location and service was just right! We were impressed.Would stay again! Now if they would just take down the annoyingly gigantic Donny and Marie advertisement it would have been absolutely perfect.
4	my first trip in a very long time came up to vegas to get married and booked early at the flamingo after reading some reviews i was a little nervous because i had just got a regular room not a go room ... let me tell you i was very pleased with room we got we actually got a mini suite with a fab view of the gardens and the pools in the back all for a very cheap price of 42.00 per night wow you cant even get a crackhead motel room in the lbc for that price :) room was large had a seperate room with a bed and than a large living room space with couch and desk and chair and vanity . was preety clean all in all well worth the price .. would stay here again in a heart beat :)also after our wedding we actually took pics in the beautiful garden area and by the falls absolutly beautiful .....
3	The most important thing to know about staying at the Flamingo is that there are two types of room (well there are more than two types, but these are the two lower-rate types): the standard rooms that look like they haven't been updated since the hotel opened in the 40s, and the Go Rooms, which are recently-renovated, beautiful, state-of-the-art hotel rooms with flatscreen TVs, a big tub, etc.The Go Rooms run about $40 extra per night than the standard rooms. We haggled with the guy on the phone and got ours for only about $15 extra. Even for $40, it would have been worth it. The Go Rooms are amazing.Other than that, the hotel is pretty standard. Overpriced food. Smokey casino filled with old people playing the slot machines. Pool area with expensive drinks. Kid's pool area with a waterslide. Cool garden-y area with flamingos, but nothing that will blow you away.I would consider staying here again. But it's Las Vegas! Who stays at the same hotel twice?
2	Rooms are OK. They did the job, but could have been cleaner. Our room was near/over a club so it sounded like we were in a club all night. Bathrooms were alright. You get what you pay for here.My main complaint is about the staff. Ask any of them a question (including the concierge) and you'll get a wrong answer or they have no idea.I'm not a gambler, but the casino seemed normal. The other casinos on different resorts looked and smelled better. The dining options in The Flamingo is lame compared to the other resorts. Not to mention, every thing closed around 11:30 p.m. I thought this was the city that never sleeps?!Spend your money on a better resort! I definitely will next time.
1	OMG! Never again! So I found a great rate through Orbitz so I prepaid for a room.  Big mistake! As soon as I arrived at the parking lot I was not feeling it. Then I go check in and get to my room. It was nothing like the picture I saw on Yelp or the hotel website! First of all, the beds were nasty! It was like visiting a distant relative and them putting you in their spare bed that's been left in the basement for years! There was hair all over the beds. I felt like I had bedbugs crawling all over me! Then I go to the bathroom...it gets even worse! There was rust and mold all over the ceiling in the bathtub. Then I saw the shower head was covered in limestone. But it gets even better...unknown stains all over the shower curtain...That's when I decided that I couldn't stay there. I called the front desk and asked for another room. They tried giving me a similar room.  No thanks! I didn't even care that I paid for the room...I just took off and checked into Planet Hollywood. I will never stay at the Flamingo!  I wouldn't even go to the casino! DO NOT STAY HERE IF YOU CARE ABOUT CLEANLINESS!!!
3	Great location, great garden in back, great shopping center, beautiful ambiance. Once we got into our room however, there were cigarette burns all over the ground, hairs, and even holes punched in the wall. no joke. besides that, the view we got was amazing, 26 floors up overlooking Caesars palace and the strip. The pools looked great too, but unfortunately it was January and they were closed. Absolutely a Vegas classic hotel and casino, but just watch out for the tarnished rooms.
5	This remains one of my all time favorite Harrah's Las Vegas properties.  This is considered "Not as nice"  as the others so we get free rooms here with our Total Rewards player card.  Thank you very much, becasue the pool whether one of the 3 all ages, or the 21 and over GO POOL.  The drinks here are FANTABOULOUS  try the Mai Tai no Grenadine, or ask the bartender for a suggestion.  Sometimes they have some deals too.  The rooms are very decent, clean and do fine for sleeping, since that's the main thing you are in your room for.  Sure there isn't a club but the central location on the strip ensures you are where you want to be within a 5-20 min walk.  Or expenisve cab ride.  I don't pay much attention to the casino games since I don't find them as fun as I did like 5 years back.We will stay here for the 5th time this summer, and we are not the type of people to go somewhere over and over if we don't like it.   Reccomended for most everyone.
2	Rooms needed some updating like flat screen TV.  And just other little things such as showers heads.
4	too many smokers
3	The Flamingo is one of the oldest properties on the strip and is definitely showing its age. As one of the iconic originals it is in need of a complete renovation, but I am one of those types that it does not bother me, especially since I only need it to sleep, shower, and grab a bite to eat. I stayed here recently on a business trip and my company put us up here. As I have stayed here before I know the ins and outs of this place pretty well.Super cheap ratesAbove par gym if you are into fitness while awayJimmy Buffet's Margaritaville attached to itCheap gambling on table gamesLocated right on center stripMonorail station makes it super easy and cheap to get aroundBeautiful manicured groundsExotic birds and sanctuary on grounds Terrific pool area - huge and funI have stayed in both an older standard room and one of the updated "GO" rooms. The standard room recently was ok by me. Clean, neat, hot shower, comfy bed, no problems. The "GO" room is a trip - bright white and pink motif, tv screen in bathroom mirror, flat screen with dvd/cd player and stereo, very cool decor, almost like a porn shoot set.Check in and check out lines can be long, but I always try to get in early so lines are not too bad, and you can check out on the tv. Also, no need to really wait on lines if you are a Platinum/Diamond Players Card member as there is a VIP check in room to use.Restaurants and bars here are just average. Nothing great but nothing too horrible either. On weekends there is a fun bar in front with loud pumping music, gogo dancers and hottie dealers set up. Other then Donnie and Marie there is an X-Burlesque show on site. Not too much other entertainment here. Tables games are ok, and they have the standard slots, but gaming area is on the smaller side. Overall, the Flamingo is decent choice if on a tight budget. Good location on the strip, great pool, easy access to monorail, and never seems too crowded. Just don't expect the "wow" factor that you get at the Wynn, Bellagio, or Venetian. You get what you pay for - a cheaper hotel/casino. If you have a larger budget to play with go with another casino as there are great room deals to be had in Vegas nowadays. Still, I have no major complaints about the Flamingo. It is what it is.
4	I have been to Vegas 8 times, 5 of which I have stayed here and I have enjoyed it everytime.  It is not the fanciest place on the strip, doesn't have the hottest club, or greatest show, but the name is classic Vegas, and the staff, pool, and casino are a good time.  I am from the Midwest and this place is a haven  of good Midwestern people which is part of the reason I love.  Being 25, I enjoy sitting in the casino next to a random older lady and chit chat about gambling and having a cocktail.  The rooms are decent enough and having stayed at higher end hotels on the strip it has mostly the same amenities as those places.  The location is prime as well.  Don't have to walk a block and a half to access the strip and its center strip by the most fun casinos.
3	Pros: big rooms, nice view of the strip, good price when you find the deals onlineCons: pool closes at 6, old tv, crappy showerPro?/Con?: old school Vegas style :)
3	Stopped here to play some beer pong and gamble.  We ended up staying here the whole night and had a blast.  Really lively crowd, especially in the beer pong area, and tons of beers going around.  $5 minimum on the tables and $1 cups of beer, this is place is definitely a good spot to have cheap fun on the strip.  Yah the place isn't as clean, with watermarks and cigarette burns on the table felt, and with dealers who had issues counting chips, but I didn't really care.  I ended up playing for 3 hours straight on the craps table and had a blast.  The table operators were funny (some didn't know all the rules) and weren't as strict as other casinos (like not caring about non-playing people leaning on the sides).  I might've been the beer, but I didn't mind and had a great time playing with some fun folks.
4	You can learn a lot more detail from other reviews, but I'll keep it simply.Very clean but dated rooms.  Good casino, great room service, and fun pool.  The best location you could have on the strip.I feel it's the best bang for you buck in the city.
4	Nice hotel and cool pool party, beautiful garden with (real flamingos!). Starting to cater to a lot of young folks. We got a non renovated room, the furniture was old and the bathroom was not appealing at all. Really thin walls, because we know when our neighbors are in. The good part was that we had a nice view of the strip.
1	Pros:.....................(I am still thinking)..............................Cons:**Dirty ass room, when they say "clean' means you will find trash under the sink**Scary a$$ looking bathroom**stain on the carpet**Rude a$$ servers at their restaurants---the list continues--I will NEVER EVER EVER EVER stay here. P.S. 5min international call cost us $65
5	Great hotel! So clean and nice! Right next to everything on the strip.
3	I will start this review by saying that we stayed may 7-10th (a Saturday through Tuesday) and only paid $320 for our room!  I am going to base my review on that alone.  You are not going to get 5 star accommodations for this price!  We did not stay in a GO room.  It probably would've been worth the extra $30 a night for the upgrade.  The rooms are outdated, carpet is stained, bathroom floor is disgusting (but the toilet bowl and shower were clean).  The pool is beautiful!  We purchased a cabana and day bed and had a great day at the pool.  Our hostess, John was great!  Unfortunately the weather did not cooperate, so only one day was spent at the pool!  The location is great!  Walking distance to all the great attractions!  So, if you are looking to spend your money on eating, gambling, shopping, and basically just need a place to sleep and shower, this is the place for you!  However, if you are looking for a 5 star hotel experience, this is definitely not the place for you!  You definitely get what you pay for here!And the breakfast Buffett was pretty good too.  Fresh crepes!  And cotton candy for a later sweet tooth attack!3.5 is my official review score!
1	I sit down at the bar and ask for a Cosmopolitan. The bartender grabs a jar with some red juice in it and pours it into a highball glass, adds ice and vodka and hands it to me. I consider my next maneuver and decide upon saying, "This is not a cosmopolitan." The bartender says, "Yes it is! It's all computerized!" I leave without payingAvoid.
3	From A room perspective, this was my least favorite out of the five hotels I have stayed at, however for what I needed it was fine. Like someone commented earlier I needed a bed a Shower and A TV. The Casino was decent, not my favorite, however I did like how there were multiple places to eat and that the location of the Hotel was so good in respect to other hotels that we went to.My room was all the way at the end of the hallway so I dreaded walking to my room. Good place if you just need a Bed, Shower, and TV
3	Nothing really good or really bad to say about this place. I only stayed for one night so I didn't get to experience it to the fullest. My sister booked the room through Hotels.com and used her free night here. Checking in was easy and we didn't wait long. The room was OK, we could have upgraded to the newly remodeled rooms for an extra $40 but decided not to. If you're on a budget but still want to stay in a nice area of The Strip I'd recommend this place, Bally's and Paris. They are all really close to Caesar's Palace, Bellagio, and the new City Center.
1	never stayed at this hotel. Just being in the lobby creeped us out! it was humid and just filled with smoke. We almost RAN out of there. We just wanted to see all the famous hotels of LV. couldn't imagine staying there. Oh we went to the restaurant there just to look, and we died laughing. lol it smelled terrible. We cld not understand why or how cld ppl eat there.
3	Had our national convention here last week. The outside grounds were very nice with the pool and the pink flamingos. Having Margaritaville bar inside hotel was nice. There was ample free parking which was nice because the hotel is huge.  It is nice because you are in the middle of the strip. The rooms were just ok with stains on the carpet and outdated bathrooms. The first morning there was no shampoo which was disappointing because I did not pack shampoo. Some of the elevator buttons were missing. The attention to detail was lacking. The food provided for the meetings were good. Overall it was ok for the price.
3	I totally agree with P.A....I stayed here the very first time I was in Vegas...years & years back...and it was great!!!, loved the pink flamingos, & they are still there...I wonder if those are the same ones from years ago...look like they too aged!!! . the building sure shows all the signs of aging....and needs a massive renovation and painting to catch up with all the glitter of the new hotels that mushroomed around...and they have to really change some of the amenities...like the flat screen TV...etc.  In Atlantic city all the hotels & casino in the Boardwalk are already upgraded... One good thing about it....it's right in the center of the strip overlooking Ceasars & DBellagio, and certainly nice to take a walk from one place o to another...Can't stand the stench of the smoke...unlike Atlantic City, there are places for non-smokers...I went home with a sore throat because of that!!Like what everybody says, you get what you pay for...it's still a good place for  the budget concious...otherwise if money is not an issue go across and stay at the famous Bellagio!!!.  .
3	Don't go in expecting that you are staying at the Wynn, or a Holiday Express even, but the GO will do just fine.  I stayed here years ago with the girls, and decided to return MDW.  It was the cheapest with a known great pool atmosphere. The pool is still awesome!  Even better now that they have a separate kids area.  (it is where the waterslides are, but you can still access them)  It is a fun pool party without having to pay a ridiculous cover charge.  They did check for room key and you can't bring anything in.  Beach club didn't look all that great, the main pool is where it's at. $20 waterbottle drinks, but one should do the trick.So yes, still has some old outdated rooms, but the Flamingo is still alive and well.
4	I didn't stay in the hotel so this review is strictly for adventuring, sightseeing, and service.A couple of punk rockers on a whim decide to go to Vegas with very little money.  As far as the Strip Casinos were concerned the Flamingo was the best that we explored.You can take the elevator to the top with no key, which allowed us to get cool views of the city.  There is a little courtyard area with flamingos, koi, turtles, ducks, and swans that we wasted some time in that was pretty neat.We played some cheap slots, tipped our server $5 each and she brought us two strong drinks at a time every time she came by, which was awesome because at the other casinos that didn't even warrant servers coming back very often.As far as playing blackjack goes, yeah the rules suck and you're being ripped off.  I played for awhile knowing I was going to lose my money but I played because unlike the other casinos (even the El Cortez which is where it's at for good blackjack) the dealers were friendly, helpful, and funny.  Everywhere else the dealers were dead eyed and barely spoke and you were playing your games in complete and utter silence.  Which was kinda creepy.All and all we had a lot of fun screwing around at the Flamingo.
3	Okay place to gamble along the strip...Casino is huge with a large variety table games to choose from.Service ladies don't come around too often, maybe once or twice every 30 minutes.Cool thing that happened to me for the first time in 10 years, a worker asked if I wanted a massage.It cost $10 for 5 minutes and she gave me a pillow to lean on while at a table game.
2	My friends and I have stayed at the Flamingo twice. The main reasons why we decided on the Flamingo was the price and the location. It's located in the middle of the Strip, which is great for when you want to do a bit of sight seeing and walking around to check out the other big name hotels.Although the location of the Flamingo is ideal, don't expect the same luxury as you would get at the Wynn or anything. Flamingo is one of the older hotels with rooms to match. The both times I stayed, not all lamps/bulbs were working. Rooms kind of have a musty smell to them... I had to call guest services twice to get extra towels. But hey, the Flamingo did its job!The habitat exhibits and the pool are pretty cool. Nice addition to our stay. & perhaps another reason why we decided on the Flamingo again was the Burger Joint, which is located right next to the elevators. Perfect for finishing off a goood night, lol.Good price and in the middle of the Vegas trip. If you simply see your hotel as just a place to sleep and shower, the Flamingo is a good place.
2	I will not be returning to this hotel on my future trips to Vegas.  I had booked a pet room as I was traveling with my dog and after checking in and dropping all my stuff off in the room I went in search of a place to take my dog so he could "do his business".  I walked up and down the hallway near my room with my dog on his leash to try and find an employee who could tell me where to take him.  The three people I ran into first didn't speak English.  The next employee I ran into didn't think they had an area (real intelligent, you have pet rooms but no outside pet area, that makes a whole lot of sense....).  So finally after about an hour of just wandering the hotel I finally found it.  No thanks to any of the employees.The other thing that irritated me was that when the Bell Hop was loading all my stuff out of my car he said that he didn't have room to take my dog's carrier right then and that I could try calling back after 7:00 pm once it slowed down a bit.  Um, I'm sorry but I thought your job was to take whatever I wanted up to my room.  Not that you'll get the easy stuff and then inconvenience me by making me wait to get the other stuff that you don't feel like loading right now.The only reason that I'm giving the Flamingo 2 stars instead of 1 is because the room service food was good and the valet was free.  But those two things alone do not make up for the lack of service and knowledge of the grounds from the employees.  Save yourself a headache and book somewhere else on your trips to Vegas.
2	An aging starlet fades as her frequently changing management neglects the sparkle that once made her great....
3	Went here for a formal. I stayed in one of the older rooms. The rooms aren't as bad as people say, you get what you pay for. My bathroom was clean, my beds were comfy, nice view of the pool and part of the strip. Carpet didn't look too horrible and there were no noticeable stains. One of my friends stayed in the newer GO rooms which was all decked out. The suite was amazing. The living room was huge and fully furnished. The bathroom had a sliding glass door and the sinks were very contemporary and nicely designed. The countertop was perfect for laying out drinks and the flat screen TV was huge. What's more is the room bathroom had a freaking TV embedded into the mirror. Everything was great until I went to the pool. They just remodeled all their pools and the pools themselves are very nice. Memorial day weekend was just the wrong weekend to go. The pools were extremely crowded, but that was to be expected. The banquet room we had our formal in was spacious and nice. Overall it was a great stay. Perfect location on the strip as well. Classic Flamingo will not fail you. Come here if you want to be near all the action and avoid paying the price.
4	I stayed in the Flamingo for two nights last weekend and had a very good stay. First off I have found to easily enter into the casinos parking on that side of the strip there are numerous routes in from behind so that you do not get stuck on LV Blvd. Flamingos parking garage was by far the easiest I have found to enter and exit. The first room I was given was very nice, in fact I could tell by the smell it had been recently remodeled. Bummer the TV didn't work but they were up to the room in minutes after calling. TV was completely broken so the maintenance crew contacted the front desk who handled my transfer to another room hassle free. Big plus was the new room was overlooking Caesars! Bonus!! Strip View!!! Bed and pillows were very comfy and the bathroom was very nice and clean (but too pink for me). As some have complained yes it is older than a lot of the other casinos in the area. And yes the hallway carpets could stand to be replaced but then you aren't going to get a room at the Wynn for under $125 so why would anyone even compare the two? That and I do not intend to spend the night on the hallway carpet but then perhaps those that are concerned just might. I must say my only disappointment was the breakfast buffet. It has two lines for food with an omelet station in the center and hotcakes station on one end. Nice to have fresh pancakes instead of steam table pancakes but the layout gets very clogged up. That and the line I chose to get in was completely out of everything (bacon, eggs, potatoes) at 8:30am (and it wasn't even that busy). Also DO NOT buy any sundries at the large gift shop. A regular sized bag of chips that would sell for $2.99 at the grocery store cost me $5.99 and on top of that my 16oz bottle of water cost me $3. Take some extra time and head for a local CVS or Walgreen's. I toured the grounds and found them to be very nice and well maintained. The pool was very busy but when it is 90 degrees and the pool area is that nice then yes it will be getting used. Flamingo is also part of a large group of casinos including Caesars, Ballys and Paris so a lot of those guests will come to Flamingo's pool. I did see the dog walk area right outside the doors where you go out for the pool. It was not in any of the hallways (see previous reviews on the hotel). The housekeeping help for the most parts does not speak English... but then why would that be a surprise? If I had my dog with me his comfort area after traveling would be a priority for me and would be one of the first things I would ask the FRONT DESK STAFF about when checking in. (see previous reviews on the hotel) Overall for location and service I would recommend Flamingo and will keep it in mind for future visits.
3	This hotel is definitely older and could use some upgrading, but overall it was OK.  My huge complaint is that we were given a room overlooking the strip, which seemed all right at first until we tried to go to sleep around midnight and were kept awake until 3:30 or so by the unbelievably LOUD, POUNDING club music.  Seriously, I thought the club was in our hotel and possibly even on the floor above us, that's how loud it was.  My husband is a super sound sleeper and even he was awake all night.  No amount of pillows on my head or even turning up the sound machine we had in the room for our toddler (yes I know, bringing a kid to Vegas is totally against the rules of a fun Vegas trip, but we were there for a wedding) could drown out the noise.  After sleeping a total of 2 hours before the baby woke us up at 6am, I called the front desk to complain and found out the music was coming from PURE Nightclub at Caesar's ACROSS THE STREET!  That's how loud the music was.  I sound like an old lady when I say this but holy crap, if you were in that club you are looking at hearing loss for days.  Ha.The hotel was nice about switching our room, so we got a nice room facing the garden/pool area and it was completely quiet at night and we actually slept.  They've got a major problem on their hands with those street facing rooms, I wish they would have given us a heads up about that since we had 2 kids with us.  Overall the stay was good, just wish I had gotten a little more sleep.
2	I *SO* wanted to love the Flamingo - old school kitsch, right on the strip, "forever fabulous"... what's not to love? We had been told that the rooms were old, but good and got there EARLY on a Thursday morning to try to upgrade if possible from our reserved room. Well.... we were assured that we had an amazing room and the woman at the front desk (who we were really chatting it up with) said she would "hook us up" with a great deal/great room. The only problem was that it wouldn't be available for a few hours. We thought - no problem! We left our luggage at the bell desk and went out to chill in the little grassy area outside for a while, gambled a bit, checked out the grounds. When we returned and got our room, I was horrified.The place looked like a crime scene. Large red stains all over the carpets, smoke-stained drapes, dingy/scratched side tables. The bathtub, bathroom vent, and counters were lined with mold in every crevice and rust on many of the surfaces. Our shampoo was partially used. The shower curtain was BARELY hanging onto the cracked bar. The closet sliding mirrored door was completely off it's hinge. I'm usually not a neat freak, but this room was totally unacceptable - especially at the rate we were paying. The room looked TORE UP.My boyfriend and I immediately went back to the lobby (of course, it's packed by then!) and asked for a different room, calmly listing our complaints. The person we talked to couldn't have cared less, and said that they were "completely" booked. We considered driving back home that night, but were then offered another "better" room. We checked it out, and although it was an improvement (not as much mold or stains), it still fell FAR short of what we expected. We were told that "we're upgrading the rooms in July" but that we would just have to deal with the rooms "as-is." What really shocked me is that no one seemed to care about the stains, the mold, the dirty bathrooms, the rust... no one offered to get a manager or even let housekeeping know about the situation.... or in ANY way make it right for us/future customers. In fact, I KNOW they booked the room because they told us they would be able to give it to someone else right away and to "get any of your stuff out of there." Um.... gross. No upgrades to another suite. We went to the new room, and figured that we'd be heading back the next day.Luckily, we were able to work with the company we booked our travel through and were offered an upgrade to the GOsuites (the ones that were "completely unavailable" earlier) - which were a huge improvement, but also cost us quite a bit. The HOTEL offered no apologies for the inconvenience of schlepping the bags to three different rooms or any concessions to make our stay more comfortable, but the room was at least clean, cute, and had a good view.Although the GORooms are cute, the whole hotel seems to "miss the mark" as another Yelper put it. The customer service is very poor, and although I'm interested in seeing what the remodel will bring, the experience was so bad that I doubt we'll return any time soon. Other issues included the pool closing at 6pm most days (really? It's still hot hot hot!), a real mismatch in decor throughout most of the place (are they trying to be South Beach? Retro? Jimmy Buffet hangout? Upscale kitsch?). And placing annoying time-share people around every available elevator entrance/exit to harass people day and night. They lack a cool lounge area for drinking. The "Sin City Brewery" is probably the best on-location spot to drink (outside of the pool, which is decent), but it lacks the sense of atmosphere you would think a place like the Flamingo would have...I think this place has SO much potential, but it really falls short of the goal of being this cute old-school "classic" that it seems to aspire to. I hope these guys get their act together for the sake of preserving LV history, but my expectations are pretty low at this point.
4	Trust me, splurge on a Go room.   But be prepared for plenty of pink.  And a very, very long line at check-in.For the money, on the location, the petite Go Room is all you need as a home base in Vegas.  Mine was immaculately clean upon arrival, with crisp sheets and a comfortable coverlet on the king-sized bed.  The Go Rooms aren't for everyone, though.  I was puzzled at first about the frosted glass surrounding the bathroom, and the ambient pink glow that diffused through the glass.  I ended up using the bathroom as a tacky Flamingo-pink nightlight.  (Since I usually end up leaving a light on in a strange place to keep from having a 3AM "Where the hell am I?" moment, this worked for me.)  The bathroom door was on a slider, which kept the room from feeling cramped.  A lot of the room's space is taken up by the bath, and there's a lot of little touches to make this space feel upgraded.  The shower has some additional jets, but, they can't be angled, so at my short height, they were more awkward than luxurious.  I would have liked a tub, but, my room didn't include one.  There was tons of hot water and great water pressure, so no real complaint about the shower other than the lost opportunity to have it be just a little more fabulous.  The hidden television in the mirror was an amusement, and kind of neat when getting ready in the morning.  Toiletries supplied were a touch better than average, but I'd recommend hitting the Walgreens up the street for an upgrade.  The luxury room faced the strip.  The 17th floor had a spectacular view of Caesar's palace and the Bellagio fountains.  But, a strange screen material made the view hazy -- it took me a while to realize that the screen was the building-sized advertisement for the Donnie and Marie show.  One of the best parts of staying at the Flamingo is that unlike Caesar's, you don't have to stare at that eyesore of an advertisement!  Soundproofing was reasonably good, though I could occasionally hear a loudmouth next door.   The bed was comfortable.  And despite my repeated attempts to tip my maid, money was never, ever removed from the room. I felt that my belongings were secure, though, if you've got really valuable items, there's an in-room safe for them.  Deeply disappointing, though is the $13.99 wired internet charge despite a premium price for the room.  Wireless is also available for a similar charge. Internet access is charged per device, so, choose wisely.  Phone service, like most phone service in Vegas, is insanely overpriced - bring your cell phone.The Flamingo has a small garden with its namesake birds and a few other unusual specimens, a relaxing refuge from all the casino action.  The Vegas ghost tour stops through there at night to tell some spooky tales.  But, late at night, I was approached in the garden by far spookier panhandlers looking for a cigarette handout.  I doubt that'd happen at Caesar's, and it make me question the overall security of the property.  Each night, fliers were slipped under the door - timeshare promos, pizza parlors.  Nothing terrible, but, it appears that the Flamingo doesn't necessarily monitor things quite as vigorously as some of its sister properties.  I spoke with a few other guests when relaxing in the garden, watching the wedding parties take their photos.  From what I heard, some other guests encountered uneven service - a diabetic unable to obtain a refrigerator for a regular (non-Go) room, others complaining of sub-par linens on the beds.  So, not all rooms at the Flamingo are created equal, and special requests might go ignored.But, I'd stay in a Go room again in a heartbeat.  The close proximity to the Strip and the relatively petite size of the property compared to a lot of the other megacasinos nearby makes this a great launching pad for your Vegas adventures.  Stock up the minifridge as your own personal minibar with a trip to the Alberson's up the street, and you've got your own personal haven from the noise and the bustle below when you need an escape.
3	Well, I wanted a location on the strip that was centrally located.  Flamingo qualified, but isn't a very nice hotel, especially once you start walking around.  The casino floor is similar to Harrah's; is smoky; has a line at check in (at all times, I saw) - and for whatever reason the electronic check in machines don't work; and the pool was packed on Saturday, both the party pool and the family one.The hotel room itself was nothing special.  Had an old style boxy TV and a king bed made up of two twins (with a King mattress on top).  The bathroom was old style and dark, it also didn't have a fan, causing me to think about mold growth... ick.  Oh, and the carpet was stained everywhere.  Really?  Steam that all out, please, or replace it!Next time, I'll spring the extra $50 for a more pleasant hotel.  A quick list of positives, just in case you thought I had the worst time ever...  Free Parking, an easy walk from the garage to the elevators up the room/check in, a short walk from the room to the pool areas, and a navigate-able casino floor.
2	The Flamingo Hotel...hmm...its a hotel? I rate it 3 stars because it does what it is supposed to do...gives me somewhere to sleep. I also really like the casino here...I say here, because I am writing this review in my room, while paying 13 dollars for 24 hours worth of internet. That is not so bad, but I just think its stupid that hotel don't offer free wi-fi, they just want money so whatever. Anyways. I am here with my boyfriend and my grandparents. We have a Go room and my grandparents have a deluxe. First things first, we went to check-in with no wait because it was around 530 pm. The lines are very long earlier in the day. They give us our keys and we walk with my granparents to their room. They slide there key in the door and it opens....dot dot dot...to people in the room. Yes, they gave my grandparents a room that was already booked!! (LOCK YOUR DOORS WITH THE EXTRA LOCK) Thankfully they were just sitting on the bed, but imagine? So I was pissed. I let my grandpa go down and deal with it because I didn't want to start yelling, hah. Anyways, don't you think they should have gotten an upgrade? Nope, they actually got the exact same room but higher? I guess that is an upgrade...the desk girl said they were getting a better room. It was not better at all. So its good to know that they don't take care of their mistakes...you know what I am going to take away a star...now I'm mad again. 2 stars... Okay, our Go room is a really nice room. I was kind of pissed though because I had requested a room with a King bed and a separate tub/shower. It is why we got the room, but they didn't have one. So we just have the stand up shower. ehh. Oh Yea, the air has been on the entire time but the temp still says 75 in here. Apparantly it goes off when you leave the room, so it pretty much only works when your in the room...Oh yeah, only one of our keys worked, so we had to go down to fix that. They also didn't clean our room the after the first night. I don't think they even walked in. So we had to call for clean towels. Then the next day we came in around 2 pm. they hadn't cleaned so we called just to make sure. 10 minutes later they were here to clean...I just highly recommend paying for a nicer hotel. The food selection sucks. Honestly the only thing that is good is the bed. It is pretty comfortable. They Casino good. There aren't any good bars...I mean if you just want a basic hotel, in the middle of the strip, it is a good hotel. Just don't expect anything extra. Expect to want to leave the hotel everyday, because there is nothing to do here...hope this review helps!! :) nykki
4	Good buffet. I didn't stay as a guest though. I like the fake vanilla smell they pump through the casino. I'm not in Vegas now, but the thought of it takes me back.
3	If you book, PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE book a Go Room. We stayed this week in an old room. I think someone was murdered and they didn't clean up the carpet. We had a room facing the strip and heard the hotels  nightclub across the street until 4am. The Go Room will still have this problem  but it is Vegas. :) Our room was just dirty though, wouldn't walk on the carpet without flipflops. The casino is nice, not a fan of their slot machines really and the table games didn't have any cheap options. Pool area was OK.....they didn't have anyone out cleaning so the adult pool had beer bottles and cans and cigarette butts everywhere. Good coffee at coffee stand. Fast check in. Had to wait three hours to get our room though. Terrible valet, just park yourself because they're understaffed. Parking garage is pretty good, enter on Koval and avoid strip traffic!
3	While it's not the nicest or newest hotel, it's located on the strip and you can get a room here for dirt-cheap.  The best part:  The pool area has an endless river which equals endless joy-gasms.  The only other one I know of is at Mandalay and it's usually 2-3 times as much to stay there (on a good/cheap day).  While you won't run into basketball players or celebrities, it's a solid casino to stay at if you come on a budget and are looking for some solid pool-lounging time.  The rooms are clean, the service has always been efficient, and the location is convenient.  The last time I stayed here, I kinda felt like I was in Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas.  The casino has that old school feel of 80's Vegas with the flamingo vomit carpet.  Hopefully, they've updated since or will be updating soon.So in summary: Come for the pool and try not to have a Hunter S. Thompson reaction to the decor.  3-stars (and how much more do you need in a Vegas hotel anyhow?)
3	Came for a convention on 6-27-2011, they gave us a room with broken TV and out of order safe.  I called to let them know, they took almost 2 hours to respond.  After almost 2 hours they decided to switch to a different room for us.  They gave us a smoking room when we asked for non-smoking. This is not what I want to go through when I am away from home.  Overall the view is nice looking to the strip.
5	Freakin unbelieveable value...why oh why do people spend $40 per night and expect the ritz? You people got your cake! Let me explain, as a first time vegas-er, I too read the reviews, I almost stayed at the other cheapo places that were (just a little further down the strip..) In vegas heat its like 3 miles away...trust me, this place is a walking only kinda place. You dont need to walk, if you can crawl back to your room after downing $1 margarita next door, you will be glad you stayed here. dennys breakfast, is close too. Room: Very clean, ask for a 'quiet' room, if you face the strip, you will not sleep, yes it vegas but at some point you need sleep.Very clean bathrooms, excellent maid service, excellent size, huge rooms, clean comfy, perfect!! I loved it here, everything worked well, the towels were plenty and beach/pool towels are by the pool :) Fill up your ice buckets from the ice machine in the corridoor and buy your own 6 pack of water at walgreens 5 mins walk away. Priceline had this for $35 bucks per night recently, thats insane!! This place has the best pool and jacuzzi. Weird but it closes at 6pm! Coffee places in the lobby, o'sheas 2 doors down have a foot long hotdog for $1 !! its good :) have a great time vegas people!! Stay here, its the best location and you will love it!!!!!!
2	Awful!My family and I and casual travelers ( we only go to Vegas, eh) and we have experienced INCREDIBLE Services at older hotels ( we've stayed in almost 75% of Vegas Strip Casino Hotels), but at this one, the hotel with the slogan Forever Fabulous, wasn't very Fabulous at all. My Father decided to stay in this hotel because of what he heard about the amazing pools, and the great rate he had received, 129 per night with 2 queen beds, hot tub, HD flat screen. Flamingo, didn't do their end of the bargain. The room we were originally given was extremely small, 2 SINGLE beds, a TV from the era where they were barely beginning to have color, broken shower, and the room smelled like weed, and failed to meet hygienic standards. Of course my father went down to complain, in return we got, a slightly bigger room with furnishings, same bathroom style, no HD TV still, Slightly bigger double beds, AC and heating failed to work, ( around 110 degrees outside, but in our room it was around 50) but the room was allot cleaner.The next day: my old man, having double hip replacement, and the fact that there are 4 of us so we have to share beds, fueled us to go down there, with the copy of the website we had purchased the rooms from, with the description. Again, they moved us to a different room, but this time charging us an Extra $35 a night! Our next room wasn't much better than our last in terms of sanitation and maintenance. Again, we went down to complain, and back up we came again, this time we actually got the room we paid for, everything that was described and more ( TV in the bathroom:P). Now enough about the rooms and service. The pool :  We heard it was beautiful, We saw it was beautiful, but if you came here for a family fun experience, your not going to get it. The pools are 3 sections, all 3 linked through slides and ladders, and walkways of course. 2 of the sections are particularly small, as in, community pools are bigger. and the 3rd one, was enormous,huge, clean, and only for 18 years and older........ HUGE drawback, most people go to pools because they have children with them. Me being 16, but having an awesome mustache, walked right in, later being escorted out by security.... While I was in though, I noticed, THE POOL WAS LESS THAN 10% POPULATED, while the other pools were Stuffed, and there was even lines to get in ( Only hotel guests can enter pools also). There was more attractions for kids in the Go Pool( 18+ pool) than in the others. That, the fact that they kick you out of the pool at dusk, and $25 margaritas is a HUGE drawback for guests. Now for FoodSadly, I did not get to eat at the buffet in the Flamingo, which is slightly more overpriced that other hotels. There's also a Burger Joint, called Burger Joint (clever huh), I also failed to eat there. But behind the casino there's a food court, They have an AMAZING pizza place, ( overpriced though) a Johnny Rockets (overpriced as well) and a NYSubs.Shows= I only watched one show, it was endorsed by flamingo, but was shown in the Bar O'Sheas next door, it was Wild Magic with a guy whos name i forgot. Absolutely Fantastic, the stage is tiney, when i walked in i'm thinking to myself, "wtf did i get myself into" The show though, turned out to be great, you get so close to wild big cats that it almost feels like they are going to eat you, This is the only reason im giving flamingo 2 stars instead of 1.Well, I hope my review helped you make your decision on where to stay (stratosphere and Luxor are for great for small budget decisions)Check me out on youtube ( Has nothing to do with reviews what so ever, just throwing it out there) www.Youtube.com/darproduction
3	I've decided that the worst job ever would have to be a dance by the penny slots at the Flamingo. And the girls were actually really hot too. Maybe one of these days they can work their way up to the dollar slots, gotta dream big.
1	Booked two rooms here with one room receiving housekeeping (clean towels, bed fix etc) once in three days after numerours complaints to reception.
4	Great place to stay, awesome patio and pool for the summer. We took my girls dog, and he had a blast. Check in is kind of slow, check out was fast though. Rooms are clean, and spacious. Great spot, right at the start of the strip so you can walk to a lot of the cool places.
3	We got a free room from my dad's friend for 4 days 3 nights stay during 4th of July weekend, so I consider that a freaking good deal already. Free room! Who can complain?Room is standard, but who cares about how pretty the room is if you're only there to take showers and sleep. View is unbeatable, though. Ours looking straight to Caesar's Palace and Bellagio's musical fountain from the corner of the window. We just had to turn off all the lights in the room, open the curtains all the way, sit down, and enjoy the fireworks display.Monorail station is located behind this hotel, for those of you who choose to ride it. But most good places are within walking distance from this hotel, so even if you don't feel walking, maybe riding a bus saves more money than monorail.Didn't go to their buffet (half of my family members are vegetarians), didn't try their swimming pool, but it looked pretty good when I passed by. Didn't play in their casino either (I heard they rip you off there, though). Do your check out from the TV in your room cuz sometimes the lines downstairs can get really crowded.And unless you really need to, don't use the internet. Heck, $14 per day is not worth it. I used my hotspot-capable phone for internet.Hotel isn't that big and crowded, which is a plus for me considering the sea of humans I had to go through in TI or Bellagio. Stay here and play somewhere else. That way you save money. :)PS: I had to take 2 stars off cuz maid knocked on our door at 9 a.m. in the morning for 2 days straight (to clean the room). I couldn't find the "do not disturb" sign either. Maybe they don't provide one, but I don't know. It's kinda rude to knock on guest's door to clean their room. I've never experienced that in other hotels.For an "old" hotel, this one can get you a pretty good deal.
4	This quick review is on the CASINO. The Flamingo has a much nicer atmosphere than at Bill's next door. But that means a minimum bid of $10 at the blackjack and roulette tables. I lost $10 at roulette on my first turn and wasted $7 on the penny machines. Next time I'll play the quarter machines. I might do better on those.
1	I stayed here in a regular room with some friends last December. Expectations were not high considering how cheap we got the room for, but gosh did they let us down even more. The hotel smelled like coconut milk, which wasn't appealing to our group. I guess they were trying to work with the tropical theme? Uh huh. We showered in cold water for most of our stay at the hotel. We called the staff to have someone come by and fix it. A man came by to "fix" it. We tried the water again- still COLD. We then complained to the front desk, who was quite courteous. The front desk woman gave us a change of room and $30 to use for room service (enough for 2 measly breakfast orders for the four of us). The first round of showers in the new room finally had warm water, but that's it. All the showers after that ranged from very slightly warm to coolly cold. Maybe we had bad luck. Maybe the water system was understandably affected by some outside force. Either way, I ain't gonna step into this coconut milk-smelling hotel again.
4	Flamingo is part of the Caesar's Entertainment company, and for what is worth one of the best placed casino on the middle of the strip.  PRICE RANGE- I checked in on a Wednesday and check out on Friday for the price range under $240.ROOM- I got a GO DELUXE room (non-smoking)  and it had what I think is a beautiful view of the the pool and the mini zoo. It had modern styling and amenities such as a flat screen t.v., radio with IPOD adapter, internet (but with a fee) The bathroom had a stand up shower and a tub which was on the small size.  Another nice feature is that that was a mini t.v. inside the mirror and if you wanted you can watch cartoons while sitting on the throne =P.     SERVICE- When I got to Flamingo, I decided to use the quick check in kiosk that is located next to the check in desk.  When I got my keys and check into the room it still needed to be cleaned.  So me not wanting to settle for less walked my happy ass back down and talk to an actual receptionist and got the problem rectified and she was nice enough to "comp" a dinner for two. CASINO- The Flamingo might have been the premier casino to go to back in the day, but compared to the newer "super" casinos the look is dated.  Which is why it did not have the volume of players in the other Casinos.  Like all the casinos in Vegas, alcohol is free and plenty.  I got my drinks from waitresses ten minutes from the time I ordered it.  The blackjack dealers/floor personnel were friendly and talkative, and were willing to help newbies to the game.
3	It is a scientific fact that people tend to remember their first impression, and last impression much more than anything happening in between those times.  That is our experience at the Flamingo!In a nutshell: everything worked out in the end... once the requests were made.Booked a "Deluxe room" through Expedia and got a good rate (but not as cheap as the good rate at some of the other Strip hotels).  We thought we'd spend a little more and get a better room.Upon arrival the check-in went quick and smooth, but the room assigned us was really nasty.  Dirty and dingy.  Not "Deluxe" at all.  Hotel says the Deluxe room is distinguished from the Classic by the decor.  I can't even imagine what kind of craphole a Classic room must be.Request for room change was quickly satisfied, but the next room (nonsmoking) reeked of smoke.  Again, sincere apologies and request for room change was quickly satisfied.  The room shared many characteristics of the other rooms, namely the "decor", and was slightly cleaner and was acceptable to us.  Kudos for being responsive, but WTF?Maybe it was out fault for not upgrading to a "GO" room.  Next time, if there is a next time... it's a GO room or another hotel!Odd observation:  ther appears to be a lack of standards for how the rooms are stocked.  One room has 3 pillows on one queen bed and 2 on the other.  A single shampoo/conditioner.  Maybe that works for a bunch of guys, but not for a family with girls!  The room we settled into with two queen beds only had 3 towels.We asked for more towels, telling them that there were 4 of us in the room, and within 15 minutes a smiling man appeared with a sack of toiletries (4 of everything, I think), 4 bath towels, 4 hand towels, 4 wash cloths, a box of tissues and a spare roll of toilet paper.  WOW... more kudos for being responsive.  Unfortunately the next day we were only resupplied with 3 towels.My heart almost stopped, though, when my young son started pulling stuff out from under the bed.  First it was a half-used bottle of lotion, then a half-drunk bottle of water, and then I pulled him out for rear of what might be found next.  ATTENTION HOUSEKEEPING: When, or if, you vacuum the carpet please check under the beds for whatever the prior occupant may have left behind!Nice surprise... no "resort fee".  Pool(s) and habitat area are very nice.  We didn't have time to use them as much as I would have like to.  Slightly odd pool hours: 8 AM - 6 PM.  No evening swimming????Lobby and casino are inviting.  Not the newest or most glamorous, but still quite nice.Good variety of eating options.And then it was check-out time.  Given a choice between a line of people waiting to check out and a self-serve checkout machine, we chose the machine.  Quite anti-social of us, eh... but whatev!There is a bank of about 6 machines and as we walked up someone was walkling away shaking her head.  Not knowing, we read the directions: swipe credit card or "Total Rewards" card.  So we swiped the pretty gold card that served as our room key, which had boldy emblazoned upon it "Total Rewards (italics and fancy script lettering) GOLD"  The machine kept giving a message... something like "I have no idea who you are".  At the next machine over there was an employee training a presumably new employee on how the machines work.  When they finished we asked if they could explain what we were doing wrong.  No she couldn't... she's a trainer and would have to call an "Ambassador".  So we stood by for a few minutes wondering why she couldn't tell us how to work the machine, but she could tell a new employee how the machine works.  Perhaps union rules... who knows.Well, then a very mature, tall, hansome and well-spoke gentleman approached us and informed us that the card we were using is a room key and we should be using a credit card.  Then the system would search based on our name.  When we pointed out the instructions and showed him the "Total Rewards Gold" on the room key, he smiled and asked us to swipe a credit card.  We did, the machine printed a receipt, the nice gentleman handed it to us and bid us adieu and a nice day.  Kudos!... but do we have a Total Rewards card, or just an old room key?
1	Woah-uh. Stayed here because a friend was getting married at their wedding chapel, and I must say the hotel is quite nasty. Supposedly we were getting a group discount because like 30 people from the wedding group were staying in the hotel. My room for a Saturday night was $118, and that was the cheap room. They tried pitching me on the upgraded "Go-Room" over the phone, the main advantage to that being that it had a TV in bathroom. I declined. The room I did get was old, nasty, and had some very questionable stains on the carpet right by the bed. I'm glad I left my black light at home, because god only knows.... Needless to say I never walked around with bare feet. I did see the "Go-Room," as some of my friends who were staying there got one. It had a nicer TV and nicer furniture, but also a nasty-ass Neapolitan color scheme. Not worth it either. If this hotel is cheaper then other places on the strip, there is a reason. I recommend spending a few more bucks and getting a decent room, or staying at Sam's Town and driving all the freaking way across town to the strip. Either option is better then the Flamingo.
4	So me and my girlfriend came out to Vegas 4th of July weekend. First off it was a hot weekend and having one of the nicest pools in Vegas was very nice. So when we get to the hotel the parking was easy to get to and was a fairly short walk to the casino floor. Checking in was fast and we were able to get our room rite on time. So when we got to the room it was already nice and cold to help with the heat. The view was decent we could see the strip but the only bad thing was that half our view was the IP hotel parking lot. For the Flamingo being the oldest hotel on the strip it was still very nice and pretty up to date, no flat screen in the room but let's be honest, when you come to Vegas you come to party not lay in bed and watch T.V. After getting situated in the room we get ready to go to the pool and man was it nice. There were plenty of bars everywhere to get beer and mixed drinks. Beer was cheap and the mixed drinks were a little expensive but they were very delicious. The pool had a lot of space for people and even had a top area for families with slides for the kids. I had an amazing time here and I will definitely return. I recommend the Flamingo to anyone going to Vegas. My only complaint would be that the room was a little small. So I loved this place and will check in here when I return to Vegas.
4	Pool was awesome. Servers at the pool were double awesome. Gotta get there at a squirrely hour in the morning if you want a chair. Hotel is one of the cheaper on the strip, definitely worth it if you don't plan on chilling in your room all day like a hobbit.
4	IF you book a "GO" room on-line in advance they can be had for under $100 per night (only 800 of the Flamingo's rooms are the newly remodeled "GO" rooms). We really enjoyed our stay entire here. The location on the strip cannot be beat. They also offer free parking, the staff is friendly. The bar, spa, and casino are relaxing and casual. Unfortunately the food court is of the standard mall variety. Flamingo's pool is one of the best in Las Vegas it was packed every day with a DJ and hundreds of partiers.
4	I am so glad I let my friends make the reservations because they chose one of the Flamingo's GO rooms.  It was so luxe and trendy.  I loved the pink trim and white pillow headboards.  I would definitely get this room again.I also loved the pool party.  The music was rockin and the drinks were awesome.
4	Maybe its cuz it was my first time in Vegas, but the flamingo treated me well! We got the rooms at a very good rate and the room wasn't bad at all. We had a nice set up that had a good view of vegas. We did try the room service and the food wasn't bad at all. We had no issues and check in/out was easy
4	This is a review for the pool only!  We stayed at Bill's Gamblin' Hall next door and got free entrance to the Flamingo pool.  This is an awesome deal because Bill's is cheap and the Flamingo pool is a great place to party!It is quite a walk from the front of the casino to the pool.  You are not going to make a quick 15 minute stop at this pool.  There is a security check when you enter the pool.  You are not allowed to bring in your own food or beverages.  They do allow you to bring in bottles of water though... The pool is a party from the moment you enter.  Packed at all times, loud music playing, and even girls in hot pink bikinis dancing on islands in the middle of the pool.  The day we were there a local radio station was hosting the party.  We had a great time watching the limbo contest they hosted.  The downside is that seating is at a premium!  If you arrive anytime after about 11am, you will have to stalk people leaving to find a seat.  Hint: Get your seats at the pool the second you wake up in the morning.  We put towels, a bottle of water, and a magazine on two chairs at 10am and then went and had lunch.  When we came back 2 hours later, all of our stuff was still there and we had seats for the afternoon.  This is a great way to spend the daylight hours recovering from the events from the night before.
4	We stayed her our last trip to Las Vegas. We had one of the GO room mini-suites. The main difference was a living room area with 2 pull out couches and an extra TV next to the bed. Checking in was fast, and we came in on a Friday evening. I wouldn't say instant, because no hotel offers that, but it went faster than expected.I must say these rooms are a lot nicer than we expected and the prices weren't bad. The hotel was normally very clean and the bar downstairs by the strip enterance had great $1 beer(8oz) specials every night.The buffet is average, nothing to blow you away, and the price is pretty spendy for what it offers. But if you are a diamond club member, you get to sit down by the windows next to the water, so the black swans will sometimes swim right up. On the weekend mornings the diamond club members also have a personal omelette chef.The central outside area where they have all the birds is very beautiful. They had a lot of pretty bird and also some nice picture areas. Location is one of the best things about the Flamingo. We go to Vegas every year, and having a hotel right in the middle of the strip saves you a lot of money it taxis if you can just walk outside to fun. Some of the other comparibly priced hotels are too far off the center or at one end, requiring you to taxi to anything fun. Overall I was very impressed. We will stay here again for sure.
3	Since it is an older establishment, they are starting some renovations starting in the casino, which is where I have been at. The gambling atmosphere is pretty good, they have dancing girls which is cool. A nice classic touch are the Flamingo girls who stand outside waiting for you to take a picture with them. Party on!
3	nice room, very inexpensive, cute birds in the garden.Pool crew was a drag,  No where is it written that you must bring picture id AND your room key to get in.  Long trip back to room to get ID.  Next day, the service at the pool being slow, we brought our IDs and bought a fruit salad at their restaurant right in front of the entrance to the pool...and were told we couldn't bring it in. Swimming pool was extremely crowded.  They seemed to be catering to the spring-break crowd, even in summer.  Constant announcements for "booty shaking contests," "bikini bull riding contests" and sales on buckets o' beer.  If getting drunk is a vacation destination for you, this is the place to be.
4	The Flamingo has become my New Favorite Hotel to stay at in Vegas (on the Strip). And I've stayed at most of the hotels, so that's saying something.Mind you, the Flamingo is not the newest hotel, or the nicest. And I've heard that some people have had some bad experiences there, although mine have always been pretty good. So what does the Flamingo have going for it? One word: Convenience.I've stayed in hotels where you have to walk 20 minutes through the casino to see sunlight and breathe fresh air (ahem, MGM Grand). In Flamingo, I can go from my room and onto the Strip in under five minutes if the elevators work in my favor. This is huge to me.There are also a lot of convenient options for eating, drinking, and cheap gambling. Of course, you're doing these things in places like O'Sheas and Bill's, so you have to expect that you're not exactly going to be hob-nobbing with the visiting celebrities. But if you want to high-roll, you can cross the street to Bellagio, Caesars, or Cosmopolitan with little trouble.If you're the type of person who comes to Vegas and doesn't plan to spend much time in your room, Flamingo is the place for you. They also have a great pool with outdoor blackjack and craps - low limit! (Or at least they were when I was there in July mid-week.)
3	This hotel was better than I expected, but there were still some serious downsides.For one, they didn't change our sheets or provide blankets. That's super lame.Second, our room keys stopped working halfway through our stay. Like wtf?And you have to leave the hotel in order to get to Margaritaville. That seriously sucked because it was raining when we went.But, on the bright side, the hotel hallways were really pretty and well-kept. And the prices were reasonable. Oh, and there's a Java Detour downstairs.Too bad there was less food choices than the other hotels I had been to on the strip though.
2	So disappointed with this stay at the Flamingo. I am a regular to Vegas, in fact I call it my second home as I seem to be here at least 5 times each year if not more.I have stayed at the Flamingo twice before and have a wonderful experience with the room and because the location is GREAT was looking forward to another great stay.I can't say that this time.The room this time was horrible. The carpet was beyond stained and gross. The light switches were cracked and broken off. The toilet was broken and we had to call maintence b/c the hotel staff said they would not move us until they tried to correct the problem. The shower was lacking pressure and needed a clean shower curtain.I will admit the view of the pool from our room was very nice. Again, you can't beat the location of this hotel on the strip and the casino itself is nice and clean.I will COMPLIMENT the pool though. The pool deserves 4 stars. It is clean, huge and inviting. The drinks are priced high, but that is to be expected. The music is good and I love that there are separate pools for 18+ and kids (thank goodness). I will advise to get here early though, as the pool fills up quick and chairs get scarce.I might try here again since the other two times were wonderful, but not in the near future as the Flamingo needs to re-earn my trust.
3	The motto of the Flamingo is "forever fabulous".  They definitely have some fabulous features, while others are just "mediocre".Great location.  Right in the middle of the Strip with easy access to I-15 and LAS airport.  You can walk all the way down to Mandalay Bay or up to the Encore without getting too winded.  Bill's, Bally's, Paris, Caesars, O'Shea's, Imperial Palace, and Bellagio are less than a 5-minute walk.Great pool.  A nice layout with a tropical feel.  Excellent service and a good mix of sun and shady spots in which to relax.  The GO pool gets a little "MTV Spring Break"-y, but the Beach Club Pool is family-friendly and quieter.Good casino.  It has a funky layout, but has most of the slots and table games people like.  The cocktail service is good and the staff is friendly.  Substandard rooms.  OK, this is where the Flamingo misses the mark.  We stayed in one of the standard rooms, not the GO rooms or a suite.  The room was older and in need of some TLC.  In the bathroom, the toilet didn't flush well and the vanity was in a moderate state of disrepair.  The shower was decent, though.  In the bedroom, there was no alarm clock and a scarcity of power outlets.  The carpet could use a good scrubbing as well.  I was not impressed at all with the housekeeping service.  Our housekeeper simply made our bed and replaced the towels.  He/she never vacuumed or removed empty glasses.  On the plus side, the bed was comfortable and we had a great view.  Also, the front desk staff was terrific.  I would stay here again, but I would upgrade to a GO room.
5	The first time I stayed at The Flamingo me and my wife were still just dating. I had only been to Vegas once before and stayed at Bally's but she had been there about 4 times already. Since neither of us had stated at the Flamingo, and since we had a good deal on the rooms, and since it was right in the heart of the strip we decided to book it.We were not disappointed. Sure the rooms were a little outdated but we didn't spend much time sitting around our room. I do believe they are in the process of updating all their rooms to the Go Room style which will be nice. We were out exploring and seeing all that Vegas had to offer. And that's were the Flamingo shines. Sitting in the center of the strip makes it easy to get wherever you want go, plus it has it's own monorail stop which was awesome. I don't think there is a better location.The grounds at the Flamingo are gorgeous. It's beautifully maintained with live flamingos and a pond with turtles and koi. Cute little Gazebos and two outdoor swimming pools. It's a nice place to take a morning walk and see the waterfalls and all the colorful flowers. The casino itself is cool because it's pretty open for the most part and you don't feel suffocated. There is no theme unless you count the color pink as a theme. The sportsbook is really just some seating and the counter/screens/big board. But really that's all I need while I'm there. I just usually put down a small bet then go about my day. I can't really sit still long enough to watch any sports so I just check the scores later.We didn't eat at the buffet but Tropical Breeze Cafe was ok,  Burger Joint was pretty good, and Margaritaville was really good. We also got room service which was good as well. Also the little coffee/sandwich/breakfast counter was good and we utilized that quite a few times. Also last but not least was the Sin City Brewery. It was a convenient place for me to grab a cold one before heading out or heading back to the room.The second time we stayed at the Flamingo was after we had decided to get married in LV. We checked out packages for all the hotels in our price range and ended up going with the Flamingo because of our previous experience and the beauty of the grounds. We had several family members and friends stay there too and everyone seemed to enjoy their stay.The planning of the wedding couldn't have been simpler. We chose a package (I dream flamingos) and made a few choices and our flamingo wedding planner took care of the rest. Neither my wife or myself really wanted anything to do with a big wedding or picking out center pieces and that sort of stuff so it was perfect for us. Our wedding package was supposed to include an outdoor Gazebo ceremony but it literally started storming 10 minutes before our time and only lasted about 15 minutes. But we moved inside to stay dry and had the ceremony in a small chapel. It worked out great and apparently it's good luck to have rain on your wedding day in the desert.The man who performed the ceremony was great. We asked for a non religious wedding and what he said was very sweet without being corny. He kept us loose and laughing and it was over pretty quickly without seeming rushed. The piano player was good too and performed the songs we picked out beautifully. Right afterwards we went out with the photographer they provided. We had purchased an extra hour with the photographer to make sure we would get enough pictures. We really happy we did because we got some really cool shots around the grounds. It really seemed like the perfect amount of time. We were also able to look at and pick out our pictures the next morning right at the Flamingo.For the reception dinner we booked a party of about 25 at Margaritaville. It was an awesome dinner and I will review that separately. But everything (except the weather) worked out perfectly. We couldn't have been happier. I would easily recommend the Flamingo to anyone going to LV. The price, location, and service were all top notch. I know part of the fun of going to Vegas is staying at the different hotels, and I'm sure I will, but I will certainly stay at Flamingo again.
3	No free internet access, what is this, the times of Charlemagne??? $14/day to get internet access (something that EVERY hotel/motel should have INCLUDED, GRATIS) at this place, absurd considering how much money you're already paying to stay here!Otherwise the place was pretty good but could use just a little bit better upkeep, though I think overall they manage pretty well.Pros:- Had a pretty spacious room for two, only stayed three nights so were traveling relatively light. King sized bed was nice.- Great modern thermostatic A/C system in the room with plenty of controls. Could adjust the climate in there to my liking pretty quickly.- Great maid service -- they cleaned up the room well every day, kept the fresh towels coming, even understood a "message" I had left them: one of the two bathroom light bulbs was burnt out, so I took it out and left it on the counter and was pleasantly surprised when I returned later to find a new bulb!- Great location -- right in the middle of everything.- Cheaper than a lot of other places, though not the cheapest.- Resort itself was pretty nice with the pool, spa, stores, etc. Built-in convenience store open 24/7.Cons:- No free internet access. WTF.- Carpet had some large weird ring stain on it, not sure what it was about.- Only had two power outlets available to use, none by the bed. Was a little bit inconvenient considering we had a bunch of stuff to plug in.- No fridge to keep left-overs or coffee maker for coffee or tea.- Old CRT TV, though admittedly I didn't come here for TV and only watched some briefly one night to help fall asleep.- Bathroom didn't have a usable tub, just a shower.- The provided hand soap was AWFUL. It made my hands feel so dry! I work on cars as a hobby and I tell you my hands feel better after Fast Orange than with whatever that bar of soap was.. How about some liquid hand soap???- Included breakfast would have been nice.- Was promised a good coupon book as part of the itinerary and whole package we paid for but they said they ran out of them... No attempts were made to appease our disappointment and their breach of promise.I guess if you're going to Vegas, you have to expect to be nickel and dimed ...
4	Review is for the Garden Bar.We stopped by for a beer and a Lemon Drop. Mmm, nicely made!  Great view of the tropical garden area too!  Very relaxing!
3	This review is not for the hotel rooms, even though I've been in a few of them.Just passing through to have a night out with friends on the strip. A buddy of a buddy was in town, so we did the strip thing. After valet'ing my car I walked through the casino, and decided I needed to have a beer. There was a bar I walked by, I think it was called the lobby bar, and asked how much a beer was. The bartender told me the prices and I opted for a Hefe in the complimentary Miller lite football glass. It was 16 oz, and I got to keep the glass for $6. Not a bad deal for the strip. I walked down to Bill's Gambling hall where my friends were playing cheap roullette and we had a fun night. The casino stinks like smoke, it was overpacked with a bunch of touristy idiots, and all the tables were full that were open. And there were plenty of tables not even opened, on a saturday night!! When I walked back through to get my car, it was still packed at 1 in the morning. The valet attendants were nice, and my car came in about 4 or 5 minutes max. 3 stars....ehh
3	My boyfriend and I came here with another couple for spring break.  We decided on the Flamingo mostly based on price and location--which are really the only highlights of this hotel.At check-in we found out that they didn't have any more GO rooms available, so we had to settle on one of their regular rooms.  I had been warned before we came to Vegas that the Flamingo rooms are pretty old and shabby, so I wasn't too surprised to see the faded carpet and chipping paint.  The room was pretty worn out, but it was still clean, so I didn't mind it so much.  Besides, it wasn't like we were going to spend much time in our rooms anyway.  We were lucky that they put us near the top floor so we had a great view.Except for playing a few slot machines, we never gambled at the Flamingo.  There are just better places to go nearby.  Being one of the older casinos on the strip, I think the retro atmosphere draws in an older audience (lots of grandmas hogging the Cash Spin machines), so we preferred to spend our time with a younger crowd.  While we were staying at the Flamingo, Donny and Marie were their star performers, so I think that says a lot about the clientele they attract.However, the Flamingo does have the best location right in the middle of the strip, just across from Caesar's Palace and just few minutes from the Bellagio and Venetian.  The casino is built up instead of sprawling out, so it's a lot quicker to walk through and it is connected to the monorail, so it's easy to get to some of the farther casinos like the MGM.If you want a cheap place to stay that is centrally located, and you're not planning on spending much time in your hotel, then the Flamingo should work for you.
1	If you like huge crowds of overweight, tattooed people walking around with drinks in their hand, loud bad music blaring, piles of empty beer cans, cigarettes all over the ground, obnoxious DJs screaming that it's time for the limbo contest, and filthy pool water, then the pool at the Flamingo Hotel is perfect for you. My son had a GO room which he described as sleeping in Victoria's Secret's box. Pink, plastic, tacky, but it did have a great view of the Strip.My room was just plain dowdy and sad. The hotel has a fantastic location on the Strip but other than that, yuck.
2	Meh. Having stayed at a wide assortment of Vegas hotels over the years, I'd come to the conclusion that where you stayed was fairly unimportant (given how little time is spent in the room). But on this trip - my viewpoint changed. Where you stay determines the overall crowd, and a young, hip one is what we wanted. The Flamingo sure ain't that. Granted, it didn't stop us from meeting tons of like-minded people ... just not in our hotel.The price was OK (about $125 a night for this particular weekend), but looking back, it would have been totally worth it to spend just a little more and stay at Planet Hollywood or the Cosmopolitan. Lesson learned.The Flamingo has two main selling points - their badass, central location on the Strip, and a Margaritaville on site. Otherwise - the rooms are just ok, the front desk doesn't provide even the smallest of comforts (I called for a toothbrush when my  bag was delayed, they told me to go buy one), internet was overpriced, no minibars in the rooms and the crow was pretty lowbrow.Their X Burlesque show was totally entertaining (separate review to come), but otherwise - I definitely wouldn't stay here again, especially when so many other, better options abound with a negligible price difference.
1	THIS PLACE IS THE WORST!!This was the worst hotel experience I've ever had!When I walked into my room I was overpowered by the smell of cigarettes. It wasn't just a stale cigarette smell either, it smelled like it had been smoked in recently and a lot. I went to the front desk to see if I'd accidentally been given a smoking room. They said I was in a non-smoking room on a non-smoking floor. There were no more rooms for me to switch at that time so I was told to come back between 11 and 1 the next day. When I went back at that time, the line was a million years long and I didn't have time to wait because I was there for a wedding. After the wedding, I was again told there was no room to switch me to. Meanwhile, my friend went back to the room to sleep and requested extra blankets. When she got them, one was dirty and sticky. Fabulous quality control there!The next day I went to complain about the room, AGAIN. I was again told there were no rooms and nothing they could do. I asked to talk to a manager and he just shrugged at me and said there was nothing he could do. The next morning at check out I talked to another manager who said if I'd talked to him right away he could have helped me, but since I was checking out there was nothing he could do. I told him I had talked to a manager the night before and he did nothing! He said the best he could do would be a free breakfast buffet in the hotel. Yeah, thanks, that really makes up for waking up with coughing every morning and sleeping like shit in a filthy, stinking room. And by the way, he said the smoking floor was above my floor so the smell was probably coming in through the air vents. I wonder if every room on that floor smelled like mine. There were a lot of people in that breakfast buffet with comped meals.In addition to that, other people from the wedding group were staying in that hotel and of the 5 groups, 3 of them had problems with their rooms. Two were in the upgraded GO rooms and even then had troubles getting their issues solved. Do NOT stay at this hotel! The rooms are gross, smelly and run down. Even the nicer rooms are falling apart and management will do nothing to help you if you have a problem. The free breakfast did not make up for 3 terrible nights in this place. I will never stay here and would not wish this place on my worst enemies. HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE!!
4	Several years ago we stayed at Flamingo because we got a good price.  We lived in Chicago so the visit to LV was for family who had moved.  Fast forward to 2011 and we are now living in San Diego (close to the Indian casinos) so the visits to Las Vegas are limited to  family gatherings or holidays.Harrahs has seen the light and now allows dogs in some of their rooms in almost all properties and of course, the fancier the hotel property, the higher the price.  We settled on the Flamingo because of price and their remodeled rooms.First and foremost, the improvements are at most cosmetic.  The same driveway to the hotel from the Las Vegas strip (always a hazard because you have to get pass pedestrians who are unwilling to wait to go to the next hotel or cruise the rest of the strip).  There is no other quicker way to go in the hotel driveway.  Plus, they have free valet parking.Once we got to the hotel, things come back to my memory about the type of casino hotel, Flamingo was (and that is true, was).  It can never be restored from its former glory because it's overall theme has to stay the pink flamingos etc.  I am sure there were improvements since our last visit at least  7 or more years ago but has it really improved?  I do give props for the room, although it has seen better times, the bathroom and the beds plus the flat screen tv were in this current trend (let's say all white/lounge with glass doors to the bathroom etc.).  The room was at least very spacious and had an interesting view of the pool below.  Apricot certainly enjoyed it.Since we were in LV in the early summer as school is getting out or has finished, the pool on Sat has the 21 and over party vibe.  I didn't try joining that crowd as I was busy with other stuff (visiting family) etc.  Sun nite has a more normal quiet atmosphere suited for a normal hotel pool.Props for the improvements and low minimums on the table games and trying.With the exception of the pool Sat experience (think those reality shows on magnification 300x), I would stay here again because of the room being better than the more expensive but not as pretty or close to the strip Westin we normally stayed at.  With more funds, we can actually stay at the newer properties, Paris (oh la la) or newer remodels Caesar's Palace (oh celine).
2	Dirty carpets, paper thin walls, long lines for check in and out and not a big selection at the food court or shopping wise. The pool was fun even thou some areas of the lounge section smelled like sewer. Parking was a nightmare, valet was always full and the structure was too. Wouldn't stay here again. Also on Sunday a housekeeper knocked on our door at 9am and asked what time we were checking out, wth?!?!?
1	This review is based on the fact that I couldn't take my 7 year old son into the pool to swim and play on the water slides. I was told that unless we were hotel guests he wasn't allowed in the pool area. I was more then willing to pay the $20 charge for my son and myself to enjoy a day of water slides and swimming.
1	OH GOD. WHERE DO I BEGIN.I am a Vegas connoisseur. I go to Vegas twice a month, pretty much every other weekend, just because I can.My friend's birthday was a couple weekends ago, and we decided to stay here. Now, I've stayed here two other times, and just to make sure I hated it, we stayed there one more time since the rate for that specific weekend was cheap.We arrived at 1am in the morning thinking that the later we leave the better. BAD IDEA!!! the past three times I've been here the valet has been full every single time. How is that good customer service at all? We walked up to the front desk thinking our check in would be fairly quick and painless. NOPE. Waited 1 hour to check in. Our reservation was for a two queen bed regular standard run-of-the-mill smoking room. I had booked our reservation about 2 months before hand to make sure that we would get the rate we wanted and the room we wanted. On our confirmation sheet it said: "two queen standard room smoking." When I finally crawled up to the front desk, they told me that they had first of all, no smoking rooms available, and no queen bed rooms available. I was ppppiiiiiissssseeeeeedddd. I explained calmly that I had made these reservations in advance through my credit card company and I demanded we got what we ordered. I showed her the confirmation sheet and she just said "I'm sorry but it's subject to availability."OK. FINE. We'll take the damn King size bed with no smoking room.We get to our room, after walking what literally felt like a mile, and threw our bags down. We tried to turn the air on, because when we were there it was 1am in the morning but still 100 degrees. The air conditioning didn't work. GAHHHHHH.We called down to the front desk and told them, politely, that we wouldn't stand for this both nights. The manager was nice enough to give us a mini-suite, but for the next night. OK, we'll take it.We wake up the next morning, pack up our stuff, and move our stuff to the mini-suite. The mini-suite was better, but not much. Everything seemed like it was from extended stay (i've stayed at some nicer extended stays than the Flamingo!). Nothing was durable. The table broke when we put our room service on it.Speaking of room service, we didn't have a book in our room for any kind of room service, so we called down, got fed up because we waited 30 minutes for it, ordered our food because we were hungry, the room service came, we ate, took a nap AND THEN the menu came!!!! over a three our time frame!!!! oh boy.We tried to go to the pool, and since we had a little bit of the brown bag flu, we had to get some alcoholic beverages. We paid 8 dollars for each, brought them and stood in line for about 30 minutes. They wouldn't even let us bring the drinks inside!My point is, DO NOT waste your time, take my advice, stay somewhere else, even if you have to pay a little extra.If you have any questions feel free to ask.CRAPPY HOTEL!
4	Good room and great location for the price. We stayed Thurs.-Sun.I didn't stay here for the pool but it was definitely an added bonus. I fit in the under 30's crowd and felt like this was a good hotel for that age group. This place probably does attract some older people (hence the Donnie and Marie show) but they are definitely in the minority poolside. Of course you still get a few over 45's that are in bikinis and in denial. We ended up spending most of our daytime hanging out by the pool which was like a huge party/club. Great music with a DJ, bikini clad dancers, and some great beer prices. You could get a bucket of 5 beers for $20 or 12 for $40. One negative is that they don't have a clear signage telling you that there is no food or drinks allowed to be taken inside the pool premises. Lots of people were having to throw their items away before entering. Which after having stood  in line for 15 min can become very irritating. Overall the hotel experience was very nice and I would stay here again.
4	My gf and I went tues-thurs and we had reserved a GO room, which I had heard good things about. When we got there there to check in there was a long line, luckily there are kiosks that you can use to check in. However when I went to check in the room wasnt the GO room I had originally reserved. This is where the Flamingo gets the 4 stars instead of just 3 they upgraded us to a neopolitan suite. Loved the location and there are no resort fees, O'sheas is next door (good deals on drinks)
4	We stayed here for 5 nights at about $50/night. Damn cheap for Vegas! The Flamingo is the second oldest hotel on the strip. It is no Bellagio and it is no Wynn, but it is nicer than most hotels I usually stay at around the country. Also, this hotel is smack-dab in the middle of the strip and perfect for checking out the surrounding hotels and sites.I like it because it has that 1950s look to it. It has this cheesy pink decor, which I liked because it's vegas! At night, it is the essence of old school Vegas and I loved looking at it. Donny and Marie are the big names performing there right now, which fits in perfectly with the hotel. The room was decent, the view we had overlooked the tropical pools below and it was nice. Everyone who helped us was polite.The great thing is that there are plenty of shops downstairs, a casino, a food court, and there is a pizza center which makes a really good pizza for late night snacking at only $12. Plus you should get the fries. For only $5, you get a mountain. And the gelato is good too. While you're there, try the burger place next door. I haven never seen such large burgers in my life.Check in is a nightmare. Definitely go off the the side and do the express electronic check in to save yourself an hour of waiting in line.I would go here again if on a budget.
4	Just finished our third stay at the Flamingo.  We are big fans of the Go rooms, the adults only pool ( The large pool is now strictly 18 and older) and it's location on the strip. By and large we spent hardly anytime at all in the casino itself.  Do wish it had a cool bar or lounge.  Plenty of Yelpers have added some helpful hints, but thought we would pass on a few too.Check in: Might be worth using the desk vs. the quick computer check in.  We tried the quick check in and ended up staying in the Habitat tower....last year stayed in the Spa tower and enjoyed the layout a little more. The Habitat tower is guarded by Westin employees trying to give you a "free" gift.  Not a deal breaker, but ask for the spa tower Go rooms.  By all means, BOOK A GO ROOM.Pool:  Don't expect to easily get a lounge chair if you show up past 10AM.  Think people run down to the pool and put towels on them at first light...play the game and do the same!  Grab a bloody mary while you are down there....they are awesome and only $5  from 8-11AM. The waitresses at the pool are swamped with orders, but all the ones we had the pleasure of talking to were super cute..I mean super sweet and helpful! If your hungry, order a burger!  Very filling and it goes well with the $20 bucket of beer.  Jeannie enjoyed the turkey wrap.  Tried the hotdog.  It had some major shrinkage going on ( supposed to be a Nathan's) and ended up filling up mostly on the fries.Margaritaville: Stepped in there for the first time...for breakfast on the day we checked out.  A good bet and the price is on the low end for Vegas.  Have to try the bar one night...Late night snack.  There is a food court ( two actually) that has a Johnny Rockets, a pizza place, a Panda Express-like joint and a sub  & salad place.  Had a pizza night cap twice and it was goooooood! Sausage and Pepperoni slice hit the spot.Location:  There are so many entertainment and food options near by that you might want to be prepared to walk just a little.  Venetian & the Mirage are just within  comfortable walking distance (heels might be a challenge ladies) Harrah's & Caesar's are easy! Didn't really go the other direction, but think about keeping the car parked.  A much more colorful trip will be had on foot as you get a close up view of the Vegas "humanity".
4	Sure- it's not as classy as say Bellagio, the Wynn, or even Paris. However, it's nicer than say Imperial Palace and at a comprable price. It's in a great location, right next to my fave casino Bills.     It has clean rooms, an adult only pool, and a perfectly cheesy casino, what more could you want??
3	Luxury Go room with strip view.  Dissappointed to find no bath tub. We watched peoples youtube videos of this room & saw a tub so thought we would have one.  Bell boy says only some have tubs but not all, and most dont.  I say, all rooms labelled with the same name should have the same amnetities. Oh well, we could live without the tub. -TV didnt work, okay so they sent up a new remote. -showerhead has to be pointed all he way to the side, if its aiming straight out, the bathroom floor will be flooded. -bodyjets in the shower are awesome tho, & good water pressure for sure is a plus. -sink drains very slowly so make sure you dont leave the water running too long. -staff so far has been nice.-We like the casino, not too crowded but not dead. Atmosphere is great. -location is perfect.  Our view is very nice as well. I would say despite some of the problems we had, Id stay here again. We paid 300 for 4 nites & its worth the price so far.
1	I recently spent several days at the Flamingo. The whole place is really tired looking and dirty. They spray some sort of vanilla air freshener all over to try and hide the smoke saturated fabrics. My room was awful to say the least, there were large dark stains in the carpet and on the chairs. There were empty liquor bottles between the mattress and boxspring. The light switch in the bathroom had to be fiddled with to get it to stay on, and the toilet ran constantly. My bedding had some sort of yellow brown waxy stain on it when I checked in, and when I asked to have my room changed given all the above, I was told there was nothing available. This place is in miserable shape. I also made the mistake of ordering a prime rib meal from room service. The meat was overcooked, the vegetables were mushy and bread stale. I know all this sounds a bit unbelievable, unfortunately it is the truth.
2	We stayed at the Flamingo for two reasons:  1) we have a young son who wanted to do the big water slide pool at the Flamingo -- and he did, all day long; 2) my wife wanted to see Donny and Marie at the Flamingo.  The Flamingo water slide pool gets 4 stars and Donny and Marie get 5 stars (even though I am not a D&M fan, the show was very entertaining and well worth it).Otherwise, we would have stayed at the Wynn or Encore because, for roughly the same price, the Wynn gives you a much newer, cleaner, nicer room and hotel.  The Wynn has a big pool, but no water slide like the Flamingo.But the Flamingo hotel and rooms get 2 stars.  The Flamingo felt white trashy.   We stayed in a GO room with a view, which is supposed to be a renovated upgrade from their standard rooms.  The hall way carpet was covered in stains.  The bathroom smelled and the sink was clogged when we arrived.  There are no tubs.  Just a shower stall.  The shower is supposed to have jets but if you use the jets the entire bathroom floor gets major flooding because of the lame lame shower design.  The bathroom also has a weird sliding glass door that is see-through, sound-through, and smell-through.    There was a flat screen TV.  The hotel guide in the room is insufficient and does not give you a map or directions or hours to get to any of the stuff in the hotel.  If you try and call the front desk, it is just like trying to call a 1-800 customer service line. There was a small fridge in the room.  The beds were comfy enough but bedding (and ceiling - this is Vegas) had hot pink stains all over it.  Internet access was like $15/day and did not appear to be wireless.  Checking in or out is like waiting at the airport luggage line.  The buffet has okay but nothing better than a Chuck-O-Rama really.  The cafe, was good, but served the exact same food for the exact same prices as in-room service.  The pool was good.  What used to be the 18+ pool (a boring oval surrounded by statutes) has been changed to the family pool.  Now, half of what used to be the family pool complex (including the largest open part with the water fall) is closed to children under 18.  Starting at 10 AM, they open up the half of the water slide complex that kids can use, which has the big slide.  Until they do a serious renovation, we will not return to the Flamingo because the hotel/rooms are too nasty.  There are Hilton villas or something adjacent to the complex that get use of the Flamingo pool.  I might try and stay there next time because the rooms look to have what we want:  newer furnishings/decor with a good jetted tub.
4	Really chill hotel. No complaints from me.
2	One of the first large scale hotel/casinos on the strip, The Flamingo has definitely been upgraded since its vintage opening. A large casino floor is surrounded with stores, a big outdoor pool area, some restaurants, you know the drill.My room was quite affordable through an Expedia special, and although it was comfortable and generally clean, the carpeting both in my room and near the elevators was stained with ambiguous discoloration, Vegas-style.To my pleasant surprise, however, my standard queen room did have a microfiber loveseat, a comfortable chair, and a nice TV. Room service is 24 hours but with a limited menu and Internet is $14/day PER DEVICE. Fortunately I had tethering on my phone.The Flamingo is trying to preserve its Old Las Vegas mystique while being modern and comfortable, which it largely succeeds at. It just needs to hire a carpet cleaner more often, get some better restaurants, and stop charging for Internet access, which you expect to be free.
2	Be careful staying at this hotel! The STAFF cannot be TRUSTEDMost of my stays in Vegas have been with the Flamingo and by far this is probably the worst stay ever. Didn't have any problems with the food, rooms or casino, just the staff. They are a bunch of thieves.My husband was sitting at one of the bars playing video blackjack. For some stupid reason he didn't put his money in his wallet but decided to stuff it in his pocket. Unfortunately he didn't stuff it far enough so the money fell out of his pocket, yup $220 gone. Luckily he remembered who was around him. He remembered an Asian employee coming up to him tryin to start a conversation. Thank god for the security cameras because low and behold they caught the lady kicking the money to the side and her accomplice (another employee) picking it up.If it wasn't for the quick attention of security and the cameras, we would've been a$$ed out! If I can give separate ratings, I would give 4 stars for security, 2 stars for the stay and -10 stars for the staff. The thing that sucked was for our inconvenience and there incompetence, they only gave us a $50 credit to use for food and drink for 8 people (we had 4 rooms total). Your an effin hotel and you couldn't come up with anything better. This will probably be our last stay here, we probably would've been better of next door at IP.
4	For a truly fab Vegas trip, stay somewhere like the Planet Hollywood Towers, but for a nice vacation in a clean hotel where the ozone machines won't make your nose gush red, this is a good choice. The adult-only pool (NOT a topless pool) is a nice retreat for couples, and the family pool with water slide looked cute. The bed was comfortable, and the fridge was handy. The main problems were the lack of good food available on site, and the lack of a bath tub in the room (just a shower). Also, while we were there, most of the elevators broke for 2 days, so it took us about 20 minutes to get from the lobby to our room (more than half of that was walking through the hotel to get to the elevators on the far side, then back from those elevators to our room). By the way, the decor involves a LOT of cheesy, Elvis pink...be prepared.
4	Awesome place.Stayed here over NASCAR weekend back in March...not that I knew it was NASCAR weekend at the time...Stayed in a GO Room on the 18th floor. While I didn't have a Strip View, I had a view of the pool and habitat areas, which was equally as good. Got a deal on it too...around $86.50 avg/night with my Total Rewards discount! It didn't have a tub as I was hoping but those seem to be a dime a dozen...sometimes you get one, most of the time you don't.Arrived at around 2pm on a Thursday and check-in didn't take all that long, maybe like 20 minutes. They also have automated machines at the front desk if you're looking to avoid the lines. I did see some long lines at the front desk at certain times of the day though.Enjoyed the vibe of the hotel and the casino...even if the slot machines were tight as hell. Thankfully, you can access the Strip from the casino in less than 5 minutes, and wonderful joints such as O'Shea's and Harrah's were very very close. It's also connected to the Monorail if you're looking to head to MGM Grand or casinos located further north.Everything you need under one roof, definitely. I also recommend Margaritaville and Burger Joint if you're looking for some eats, but there's a lot of other joints... like LA Subs, Johnny Rockets, and the Buffet (which I didn't get to try this time around.)Loved the bartenders over at Bugsy's Bar. They were pretty heavy-handed with the booze and kept the drinks coming while playing VP. Was a great spot to just chill, smoke, and lose a little cash.They need to fix the elevators in the parking garage though. I swear, they must've been as old as the hotel. I was heading back to my rental on the 6th floor one day and the lights just went out...like hell.
2	Came here for the Casino and to see a Toucan that they said they had... This place is a OLD casino. It reeks of  cigarettes and heat... Came here to see a toucan for my friend but they had a parrot that only shows up on the weekdays. Outside the Flamingo smells like bird and fish poo and it just wasn't interesting.
3	Booked a last minute trip with parents and little bro and couldn't find anything reasonably priced. Flamingo was the only family friendly hotel (with a great location on the strip) that I could book so last minute and stay within my budget. Since it is an older hotel, I didn't want to take my chances and booked a GO room. It was only 16 dollars or so more (per night) and totally worth it. The GO rooms are the remodeled rooms and come with views. We had a view of the fountains/habitat area which was really pretty. The room also came with a small fridge and coffee maker. The decor is really cute. The bed posts and pink walls were my favorite part. The rest of the hotel is just so so. Not the type of hotel I would want to spend time in outside my room. The courtyard area is cute though. Has a bunch of fountains, koi pond, and a flamingo habitat area (flamingos stink when its hot out though). Food wise it's somewhat limited and boring. I'd go to the surrounding hotels for eats. Location wise, its pretty great. Right across from Caesars and walking distance to Planet Hollywood, Cosmopolitan and a few other great spots. The pool is one of the best parts about this place. It's separated into two parts. One is a family pool for kids and the other is the Go pool which is 21 and over. Lots of trees so for those of us (like me) who burn easily, its the perfect spot to lounge. It starts off slow but turns into a full blown pool party after noon. Pretty fun and the pool itself is spacious enough to where it doesn't feel like a million people are bumping into you. My only major annoyance was the customer service. It's not a hotel I'd get excited about staying in again, but not bad for a last minute option.
2	Ambiance: Below AverageRoom: Below AverageService/Concierge: AverageParking: Free Location: ExcellentI was comped the room here so can't really comment on the value. The place need an overhaul as it is showing its age. I heard one of the tower is renovated so the rooms there are nicer. The room we stayed was functional but wasn't nice. The worse part was they didn't clean our room on Sunday ! we didn't have any do not disturb sign so no excuses there. The pool area is very nice and I think one of the better ones in Vegas.2.5 Stars max. Location is dead central which is great if you just want to walk around.
3	Went for Vinnie Favorito, seems like this place might be on the upswing.  Still is old-Strip, but not a bad place to be overall.
1	I came here to see  the comedy show of Vinnie Favorito with friends from out of town, we got there 30 minutes before the show and we were told there where noseats available, the woman at the door started to push us out saying sorry no more seats go get a refund? very disappointing and upsetting because I was told great things  about Vinnie Favorito show. Shame for the flamingo management for  overselling tickets. I did got my money back and bad flavor for the Flamingo Hotel.
4	We spent three nights in the Flamingo this year and generally found it to be a great experience.  I was able to book a very low rate ($30 a night), and when we arrived they offered us an upper level upgraded room with a strip view of $30 more.  Usually, I don't take the upgrades, but I also knew that a similar view from any other hotel would be well over $100 (possibly over $200), so I took it.Anyway, the room was very nice (we were in room 20096 for those looking for a specific recommendation).  My only complaint is the carpet is very worn out and needs to be replaced. The bed was very nice and the bathroom included a tv in the mirror.  Oh the room has a very good sound system, so make sure you bring along a cable to plug in your MP3/smart phone. One of the best features of the Flamingo is the pool.  It is surrounded with palm trees, so if you easily burn (like me) you can enjoy the heat and get some shade.  In the evening, we were thankful for the great location and walked all around the Strip.Yes, it isn't as fancy or nice as the Bellagio, but if you can snag a good price, it is well worth staying!!
2	Oh dear.  I can't vouch for the renovated section of the hotel - it was sold out.  I can say I stayed in the un-renovated part of the hotel and it was pretty much the worst.  It bears mentioning that probably 10% of the hotel rooms are renovated.  The Spa Tower, the Habitat Tower and the Shite tower or whatever it was called are not renovated. The hotels in Las Vegas have themes: Paris is done in a French motif, Bellagio is some kind of balloon motif, and the Flamingo is done in the stain motif.Where to begin?  The heavily stained carpet?  The wallpaper & paint peeling off the bathroom wall?  Yuck.  P.U.   When I was trying to come up with positives for the room, I noted that there was hot & cold running water and also an electrical outlet.  And a window. The outlet turned out to be one of those stretched out ones that your plug just falls out of.  (Insert dirty joke here).My friend had a somewhat more cheerful yet un-renovated room, and, I'm not exaggerating here, we had to step over strange, gigantic, sullen-teens to get into and out of her room.  Weird, overfed she-teens converged and just hung out in the door-well of her room.  Was there a Beiber impersonator rumored to be there?  It is a mystery that will remain unexplained forever.The pool is lovely.  When the temperature drops to a balmy 104 in the late afternoon, that's when to head over.  The security guards wouldn't let us in - it closes at 6pm.  6pm!!!!  Total BS.  6pm. How bout closing when it gets dark?  Go crazy, Flamingo - stay open til aaaah, 8pm in the summertime.OH I did give it two stars instead of one because a) the people at the counter really really tried to help and were very very nice.  b) the room for all it's beige-stainness thankfully didn't smell.  I'm curious about the renovated rooms tho, reading the wholly other types of experiences other yelpers had.
2	I wish there was a way to review just the pool because this review is pretty much for that alone. Another local girl and I came here after seeing all the posts about the over 21 pool being open and free to local girls. After wandering aimlessly for about 10 minutes because the arrows for the signs were pointed in strange places, we got in line and were told it was a $20 cover for each of us. Props to the cashier who took pity on us, let us in free, and just said to buy something at the bar. Still... $20 per girl? I don't even pay that to get into Encore Beach Club and at least there I usually walk out with something from the giveaways. We went in, bought drinks, and were there about 15 minutes. The over 21 crowd consisted of mostly over 55 people and the vibe was just not there. Will not be coming back here. Ever.
1	This is by far the worse hotel ever. We arrived and our room was dirty. The Flamingo isn't the nicest hotel but I expect a clean room. I told the front desk woman (Fran) and she didn't seem to care. The manager Frank gave us a free upgrade. The room he gave looked exactly the same as the dirty room. I called to tell him because I thought it was an error but he said the room has the same decor and its a few inches bigger. What happened to a good old fashion upgrade to a nicer room? They even offered additional days for more than the original reservation. Nice! By the way we used to go there every year for a basketball tournament. I will never ever stay here again. You get what you pay for at the Flamingo on the Strip.
5	I just had my second stay at the flamingo and it was awesome.  We were doing a 7 night trip and decided to spend 4 nights at the flamingo so we could tackle mid and north strip areas those nights and 3 nights at excalibur to tackle the south strip those nights.  The last time I stayed at flamingo we had a standard room with an awesome view and it was not a dissapointment.  That was two years ago and we had not been back yet.  With so many poor reviews we felt we hit the jackpot and should leave it at that.  But with it being summer time and wanting to split the time between two sides of the strip my love for the flamingos pool left me coming back to them.  So I booked a go room this time figuring we were checking in Saturday evening they would have given any decent standard rooms away by that point and I didn't want to end up with one of the worn down ones.  So we arrive at about 8 pm to my surprise absolutely no line at all to check in at all.  I was already feeling lucky at that point.  So when we go to check in the guy is looking us up and tells me that you've been upgraded.  I figured how does that work when I already booked a go room so I asked. He told me that we were put in the room that is up from that and that it is an amazing room ten times better than a go room, and how they only give that room away for one night, and how lucky I was to get it for 4 nights.  I figure ok he's just milking it now, and it can't be anything too special.  So we go up and actually pass by the room looking for the number and then say where is the room.  We go back and notice the number is on two doors that look seriously like where the laundry carts would go through.  We braced ourselves and opened up the doors to the sickest two bedroom suite I have ever had.  It was a go room in the bedroom and then a living room with another bathroom, couch, 50 inch plasma, dining area, etc.  It was ridiculous.  I was so psyched.  Needless to say it was awesome.  It was so nice to have basic things you're not used to in a vegas room like a empty fridge, coffee maker, but loved having the extra room and extra bathroom.  Everything else about the flamingo was standard as always.  Tight slots as everywhere else, and a fantastic pool.  Although it has changed to where the smaller pool is for familites or anyone else and the big pool area is the new go pool and is for adults only.  It was a great stay there the service was terrific and the suite will always be held up to the highest of standards.
4	I give this four stars because it is four stars for what it is--decent rooms, great pool, PERFECT location.Yes, I agree, it's not the Bellagio.  Yeah the hotel is nothing over the top.  But you can't beat the location, especially if you've never been to Vegas before.  Being right in the middle of the strip, everything is within reasonable walking distance.  If you do stay here, you MUST go across the street to Serendipity for sandwiches!  A wait for a table for four people for lunch on the weekends would boggle your mind, but if you are there during the week (or you can wait to eat!) then it is sooooooo worth visit!
3	Flamingo Corner Bar is a great place to get a cold draft, grab a barstool, and gander at the onslaught of people cruising the boulevard. This is a favorite stop of mine when I find myself walking around the strip with no particular destination in mind. They have Leinenkugels Sunset Wheat on draft along with other Miller products but the wheat is my drink of choice. It's $4 for a 16oz. They also have a deal on pitchers but it doesn't include the sunset wheat. If your not familiar, that is a pretty good price for the strip.
1	I can't vouch for the renovated part of this hotel because they were sold out and we ended up booking a room in the unrenovated area, however I can say that I will never be staying at this hotel again. I repeat, NEVER. My boyfriend and I booked our hotel very last minute after making a spontaneous decision to go Las Vegas for Labor day weekend. Having stayed at almost all of the hotels in Las Vegas and never at Flamingo, we decided to give it a try. Coming into this, we knew this one wasn't anything spectacular but decided to book it anyways since it was cheap. Big mistake. I would rather spend more money and stay somewhere else.Our room smelled like smoke. The bathroom is TINY. The carpets were stained and paint were peeling off the walls. No free wifi, you have to pay like 15 bucks! Dust bunnies. Dirty. Smelly. Ugh. We shouldn't have been cheap and stuck with Aria!One star for the fact that it's conveniently right there on the strip. Quick walk over to Caesar's Palace to shop and for a Fat Tuesday. Also a quick walk to Bellagio, Paris, Planet Hollywood, etc.
2	I stayed here over the Labor Day weekend. The room was comp thru Total Rewards. The carpet was spotted and dirty. I should upgraded to the GO Room for $30 a night...The window faced Ceasars Palace, which was nice. I liked the location and the fact that security doesn't check keyes every time you come in. The hotel accommodated my requests. I got a room close to the elevator and two queen beds. Housekeeping gave me more towels, pillows, and blankets. But they want to questioned how many people were in the room. I found that rude. I would stay there again but not pay for it again!
5	I stayed at the Flamingo this past weekend. I don't understand why this place has so many bad reviews. Honestly, if people want Bellagio style rooms, service, ambiance...then cross the street and go to the Bellagio. Also, take the extra money you'll need for all of the extras. When I booked at the Flamingo I knew what I was getting...an older hotel, with really good prices, and a fantastic location. I have no complaints whatsoever about the Flamingo. It took me 10-15 minutes to check in, the staff (all of them which I ran into) was friendly and very helpful. The casino is a little older, and it smells like cigarettes but it's not unbearable. Free parking is always nice. The room itself was decent. It was clean, it wasn't smelly, it wasn't falling apart inside. It had a bed, lamps, chairs, tables, a couch, and a TV. I wasn't planning on being in the room too often anyway. The pool was cool also. I will say that the first time you walk out to the habitat portion of the hotel it does smell odd BUT you get used to it. Most importantly, the LOCATION is what did it for me. You can not beat being in the heart of Vegas. I walked everywhere and the I went to the Bellagio for their nightclubs. I loved the location. I'd recommend it for people who know that being in the room is not as important as having an amazing location in the center of the strip (where getting to your room is easy especially after a night of heavy drinking). The rooms are good, acceptable, clean. The staff is friendly. The parking is free. The pool is clean and fun. It's not Cesar's palace, the Bellagio or the Cosmopolitan...but they're basically across the street...go explore them while you save money by staying at the Flamingo.
3	The Flamingo is definitely A-OK in my book. It's definitely not the nicest hotel on the strip, but for the price you get prime location and a pretty nice pool.I paid $300 for three nights in a suite last weekend, seriously can't beat that price. But, it's true - the amenities are lacking. While there was lots of space in the room, the beds are meh (although very clean), the carpets are pretty dirty, the bathtub is straight outta 1981, and there's no minibar in the room.I've stayed in the go-rooms before, and while they are much smaller than this suite, there are definitely a nicer experience. The service was nice throughout though and I really really enjoy the Flamingo pool. It's adults only (except for a small, very separate pool elsewhere for kids), it's pretty huge, they play good music, and they have cheap craps tables poolside. Would I stay there again? ...meh, I'd probably suck it up and upgrade to a Go-Room if I did. While I don't spend a ton of time in the hotel room when I'm in Vegas, it is much nicer to have a big plush bed and a schmancy shower waiting for you when you do get back to the room.
4	Was in Vegas a couple of days ago and had some relaxation time at Bugsy's Bar inside of the Flamingo Casino.  The drinks were comped of course and the entertainment there was lovely. I will definantely be there again soon. Thanks for the beers and my winnings Flamingo!
4	I always have a great time gambling here!!!
3	Just got back from 5 nights covering all the NFL games on opening weekend.  I've gambled here on previous visits but this was the first time I've stayed.  It's good bang for the buck, has a nice pool (but not open after dark - WTF?) and I love the little memorial to  Bugsy Siegel.  It ought to be on the strip - the man is to Vegas what Balboa is to Mexico... for better and for worse.Two stars deducted for the policy (also being enforced next door at Bill's) of requiring gamers to bet the maximum on video poker to get drinks comp'ed - HELLO: IF I WANT TO BE NICKEL AND DIMED I'LL GO TO FOXWOODS.  No way to treat your customers - especially when you live in a town that's one recession away from reverting to dunes, cactus and snakes.Can't beat the location - why stay at Caesar's or the Bellagio when you can walk there in 5 minutes?  The only places with lower prices are ones like Circus Circus or Stratosphere where you can't walk anywhere.  The Flamingo is also surrounded by the older smaller casinos (Bill's, O'Sheas, Casino Royale, etc) that are more pedestrian-friendly if you walk on the strip.Oh yeah, you can do the nasty with the blinds open - the hotels across the strip are 1/4 mile away and the Flamingo windows are covered with advertising printed on perforated stuff stuck over the windows - can't take a picture out of your room, but nobody can see in either ;)But the drinks thing stuck in my craw - all Vegas has going for it is sports betting, easy comps and network effect - every casino is sharing bettors with every other casino.  Forget the girls - Tijuana beats Pahrump, and you can phone up an escort at home.  Forget the strip clubs - I can get the same thing in Providence or Montreal for half the cost. Forget the weather - half the damn country is desert.  Forget the glamour - Manhattan, West LA and Waikiki have just as much eye candy and a lot more to do than the strip.Frankly, vegas has the vibe of Detroit about 1970.  Lots of alcoholics working the sports books for those drink tickets that they hand out now (which cannot be used for brand-name liquor).Think I'll stick with Foxwoods and the internet.  Vegas will be a ghost town in 40 years.
1	WORST Vegas hotel EVER! Room had an iPod-capable system, but did not have enough connectors for every room, so no personal music. Radio was broken and they did not replace it, so no music at all. Did not even have an alarm clock radio in room. TV reception was broken where half of the tv would freeze on a commercial during the show. Air conditioning blew up, leaving our entire room (beds and bags) covered in dust chunks. Maid service NEVER showed up, even after two complaints!Managers are awful. Talked to one manager who said all he could do was give us room service in our dust-filled room that had still yet to be cleaned, even the next day! The second manager was just as useless. I called front desk to talk to him again and they put me on hold for 20 minutes, then sad he would call me back. Never got the call. You know the hotel is absolutely horrible when the people that work there laugh about how many complaints they get and say that the hotel (that employs them) sucks.We would have been better off staying in a shit box that knows it's a shit box, rather than pretending to be decent.
2	The Flamingo has many highs and lows, and nothing in between.  Super smokey casino that leaves your clothes reekin'?  Check.  Right in the center of the Strip for perfect access to anywhere? Check.  A clientele that looks as though they enjoy the early bird specials?  Check.  A casino that has that old-Vegas touristy nostalgic feeling?  Check and check.Everyone should visit the Flamingo once.  Even if it's just to stop in and make a lap before classin' it up at Bellagio or classin' it down at Bill's.  I wouldn't recommend anyone spend most of their vacation there, however.  It's crowded because it's in the middle of the Strip, but I get the feeling no one really wins while gambling here.For a side note on the rooms.... my friend stayed in a "Go Room" this past week that I got to check out.  It's large and has a mini-fridge for personal use.  But it's got an odd design to it.... everything looks really plastic-y and there's opaque glass walls around the bathroom.  And speaking of the bathroom, I hope you're comfortable with whomever you're shacking up with...you can hear everything that goes on in the bathroom and there are no locks on the door.  The Flamingo is not a bad place to stay if you get a great deal, but I would consider elsewhere if the prices are comparable to other casinos.In all, this a tourist casino.  I can't imagine locals hanging out as regulars.  Stop by to say you've seen it, and then move on to the next.
3	How can you not have a good time in Vegas? That being said, I'm giving this 3 stars for the following reasons:Positives- Pool.  GREAT! What an awesome pool. You don't even realize that you are on the Strip. Have a Miami Vice in the souvenir cup! - Location. You can't beat it!- Price.  You don't spend that much time in your room, so why spend a lot?Negatives- the Wyndham timeshare people. They are AWFUL! They stand right outside the elevators and try to sell you something every time you pass by. It's really annoying. - pillows - just bad. - our tv remote. We called to complain with no response.
4	We got a GO Room with a Strip View and were so impressed! It was a really nice room. PLUS, it is such a good value! Last time we stayed at Caesar's Palace, and this was actually better. The upsides: we had a view of the fountains at Bellagio and the Paris eiffel tower -- so cool:), there was a nice lounge/love seat for admiring the view from the floor to ceiling windows, there was a fridge and coffee maker, clean and very comfy bed and pillows, modern and nice tv, bathroom, etc., super-easy access from room to strip (you did not have to walk far) and perfect strip location, the pool was laid-back, fun and big -- We loved it! The one slight downside is it's a bit older casino, but it is not run down, and it was nice to have access to the food court -- for late night snacks or non-expensive food choices. We try to stay in different places each time we head to Vegas, but this was such a nice room, location and amazing value, we may have to come again!
2	For the amount of money you pay at this place for 2 nights, its definitely not worth it. The holiday inn express is better and cheaper. But for convenience I had to stay here. I guess its what you make it..
1	Oh, how the mighty have fallen. Long gone are the glory days of Bugsy's mob-friendly Hollywood-Glamour-in-the-Desert.... The Flamingo is no longer the most luxurious hotel in the world. In fact, I find it fair to say that Siegel's El Cortez could give the Flamingo a lesson or two in dealing with the effects of aging and realistic expectations. If I could give 0 or negative stars, I would.Giving the Elton John show another visit this past Friday night, my friend and I decided to stay on the Strip instead of taking taxis all over the place. Same price, less hassle, and a night out on the town. Win, win... or so we thought. Caesars and Sir Elton were fabulous... but that's not why we're here, eh?Checking in was a little slow; and sadly, we used the regular line instead of Gold Card VIP access and had faster service! We were checked in quickly and easily by a young lady who barely looked at us (I hate that; make some kind of connection so that people feel happy to stay with you, eh?) and we headed upstairs to drop off our stuff.The room was dark, shades drawn, and, wait. Is that garbage in the can? Is that a trash bag on the table? Um, wait, I just tripped over someone's shoes?! *turn on a light*Holy sh....The room was already occupied!*run downstairs*I was greeted at the desk by a manager-esque looking person and explained to her that our room was occupied. She said I would have to wait a moment and continued buffing her nails or stacking her room keys or whatever it was. I half-wish I was just being mean, but it truly was something ridiculous and mundane and she kept looking at her hands/nails.She finally gets to the computer and starts looking it up. Without saying much of anything for a few minutes, she finally says we've been upgraded to a junior suite to make up for the inconvenience. Our ire is subsiding with this news. We thank her then head upstairs...... to what we will discover over the next 12 hours is the dirtiest, dingiest, fallingest-apart room in all of Las Vegas.It looked like it was furnished via the fire sale at Sahara. In fact, my verbal review to dinner party guests the next night was that it looked like it belonged at the Sahara... after the pillaging occured.The shower tile wasn't just stained, it was dirty and could be wiped off. The shower curtain had dried I-don't-know-what on it. The toilet paper dispenser was coming out of the wall, the cabinets were dirty and in disrepair, the carpet wasn't anything I'd want to walk on barefoot, and the headboard became detached from it's 2 small screws (I could turn that into a great story, but it came off too easily to truly make it my own). A dangerously broken electrical socket scared the crap out of me. And then, the piece de resistance.... there were stains on the ceiling?!This isn't about wanting a 5-star room in a 3-3.5 star resort, this is about wanting a clean, comfortably appointed, well appreciated and well cared-for room in which I paid money to stay.The ridiculousness that was this filthy, ill-appointed, uncomfortable "junior suite" is almost laughable but for the fact that no one cared. I can't laugh because no one cared to help us to find something worthy of the Flamingo name. No one cared to clean it. No one cared enough to make it look and feel like a suite versus a communal college dorm room after being lived in for four years by mythical couch-surfing, party-minded students that have never heard of a sponge or an art print or a vacuum or soap.When I brought all of this to someone's attention, I was given a half-hearted "sorry for the inconvience" mumble. Really? You care so little that a room that is filthy and dangerously falling apart is simply an inconvenience?!Thankfully, I have photographic evidence... and Yelp.
4	The first time I stayed in Vegas I stayed at Caesar's Palace.  The rooms were bright and sunny and the pool was full of hottness.  The beds were super comfy and the location was clutch.Of course, the expenses that weekend were covered by work.Our most recent friendcation was on our individual dimes and we decided to book a room at the Flamingo.  It's the perfect spot to cut lodging costs so you have more expendible income for booze and the blackjack tables.  We were given a "junior suite" (non-updated) that was massive and plenty of room for the 4 of us (we could have easily slept 8-10).  The pool was great, too.  Lots of people everywhere, friendly bartenders, and just enough sun to get a tan.  They could have more bathrooms, though.The only bad part of the stay was the broken ice machine outside of our room.  We needed ice... to keep our drinks cold in the room, and the other ice machine was at least 1/2 mile away down the hallway (oh yeah... you could drop 10lbs just walking from the front entrace to your room depending on what wing of the hotel you are staying in).The location is awesome and the hotel met our expectations.  Also, the food court in the casino was perfect for morning, mid-day, and late night eats.  Great experience and I'll definitely be back!
3	This was my first trip ever to Vegas. I recently went out there the weekend of 8/19/2011 for my wedding and I was going crazy trying to plan a wedding in 3 months and to top it off somewhere I've never been to so I have to say I was really worried how everything was going to turn out being that it was our (my husbands & I) first time in Vegas and all the reviews I was reading really didn't help much. After all the going back and fort on where to stay we finally decide on the flamingo mainly because our kids liked the pictures of the pool and our lil guy wanted to see flamingos and it's in the middle of the strip. We had a few people staying there lucky us my grandfather booked us a suite as a wedding gift we stayed in the Go Room Deluxe I believe it was a little over $300.00 for the weekend. We were on the 22nd floor everyone else on 12th & 14th floors. Soon as we got to Vegas we had problems with check-ins had to wait hours in a long line just to get our rooms my sister paid an extra 40 bucks just to get an early check-in so my grandfather would be able to get some rest. They told us our room would be ready by 1pm we didn't get in our room until 4pm that's after a few times asking if it was ready and my sister finally specking with a manager. If you ever stay at the flamingo here's my warning. Check-ins are a pain in the ass ! The room was really nice we had a great view of the strip we could see the belligo water show which was really nice. the bathroom was cool had two sinks one with a tv in the mirror kids loved that when the came to chill (they stayed in a separate room with my mom) ;) and frosted glass shower doors with a king bed that was comfortable the room has a plasma tv on the wall and a ipod radio/alarm clock. The walls are pink but it is the flamingo and we didn't have a problem with that as I read some reviews alot of people do. The only thing I had a problem with is the ac I think because of the big ass window and the sun beaming in it felt like the ac wasn't"t even on we had the curtain's closed thinking it would cool down the room but you had to be sitting still to feel a little cool. So other then the ac there was a few nicks here and there but there is alot of people who visit Vegas so I wouldn't"t expect everything to be perfect. The casino itself is nice I could do with out the smoke you walk out feeling like you smoked 100 packs and need a oxygen mask to breath this coming from a nonsmoker. The food inside and at the pool especially the pool is really good. The pool is amazing they have a kid pool with slides which my kids loved i swear they stayed in that pool allllll day. A few of us adults chilled at the 21 over pool loved it water was nice and the pool not to croweded.We chilled at the garden bar inside the flamingo its pretty cool the go-go dancers were awesome friendly and pretty had nice bodies. All in all being it was my first hotel stay and visit to Vegas it was nice and i would stay again.
3	We stayed here for the first time this past week in Las Vegas. We had a standard room, not the "Go" Room, and we were prepared for less than what we actually had. I was pleasantly surprised with the size of the room. The bed was comfortable, the decor was average. But I came in with that expectation so I wasn't let down. My only pet peeve is that the bathroom doesn't have a fan. This was also the case at the Monte Carlo, so I'm wondering if it's the norm? Only one night did we hear people outside our room. The rest of the time it was quiet.We love the location. Center Strip, Monorail stop, and right across the street from Caesars. You can't beat the location.The casino is fine. Compared to Bally's or Imperial Palace, it's a definite improvement. Of course compared to something like Wynn, Bellagio, Venetian etc it's not much. It's not horrendously smoky, but it's not as "fresh" as the aforementioned.Our rates were exceptional and I love that there are no resort fees. The Wildlife Habitat is a nice little place to walk through, and I love that there is an 18+ pool.Check in was a breeze - used the automated kiosks. There were 50 people in line for regular check-in, and no one at the kiosks. C'mon people, live a little - it's easy! Check out was also a breeze. Did the fast pass check out and just turned in the card to the check out box. I would absolutely stay here again.
4	The place that built Las Vegas. They have flamingos and pinguins in the gardens. The shops and restaurant selections are not as good and diverse as other hotels, but they fit the bill for some late night snacking.
1	One of, if not, the dirtiest hotel I have ever stayed in. There were stains all over the carpets, walls. The bathroom was gross. It looked like it wasn't cleaned very well. The room itself was very ugly, and outdated. I understand the Flamingo is the oldest casino/hotel on the strip, but they should keep up with renovations. I didn't see any of their updated rooms. I would imagine they were better than the room I was in, but they better continue to update the entire hotel. I could barely even look out the view from my window as it was so fogged up with dirt you couldn't even enjoy the view! Also, talk about confusing to try to find your room. Every floor is an endless maze. They need more elevators for the amount of rooms they offer. The one good thing is their pool is decent, and a good party spot. However, I still can't get over the fact that they charged over $200 a night for a room here. I would never do it again.
1	My friends and I were so happy to find this deal. This would be the first time staying here with my friends. I guess it was too good to be true.We landed to Vegas at early dawn. We had a full day to roam around before we were able to check in. Called at around 1130 am to check and see if we can check in early. Lady answered politely and said that room should be available   after 12:30 pm. We were so happy to know that we can check in early. Little did we know that that wasn't the case.We got to the hotel around 1 and decided to check in. We didn't wait to long to check in and lady at the front desk let us check in though room was not cleaned. We understand that that could happen though we were notified over the phone that it would be ready by then. She was kind enough to give us a small upgrade that will oversee the strip so we didn't mind the wait. Friends and I check in to the pool for a while just to kill some time. 4:00 pm came and my friend was able to get keys so we can dry up and get cleaned since we were down the pool and it was hot. We then started to head to our room so we can get cleaned up. It was a little bit weird that when we got to in front of our room, there was a disable motored wheelchair parked right in front. Knocked on the door and no answer. Knock once more and still no answer. We assumed that it was next door so we decided to open the door. Voila and there was an older lady chillin in room. She said that the room was hers until she checks out due to her late check in.We were kind of irritated the fact that they would give us a room that still have people in it. It was obvious that it didn't start good to begin with. So head down to the registration area and talked to one of their customer service. We explained the situation that it was unacceptable to give us a room that still have people in it. He did his thing by looking in the computer to check to see if he can give us a comparable room. Though it took him a while to find us another room but when he did finally found one, we head to over and it was all the way to the end of building and a cleaning lady was still cleaning the room.My friends and I were so furious that after one room to the other, another problem arises. We then called the guest services again, telling the rep that this was completely unacceptable, we were then moved to another room. But this was not the last of it, again, the room is being cleaned AGAIN. Though we had a nice view of Ceasar's, the overall experience made it still infuriating. We thought that this would no go no where and just to bite our tongue. We let the cleaning lady finished cleaning our room and move on.Overall with the bad experience, i think this would be the first and last of Flamingo for me and my friends. Room was not the greatest but good enough since we only intend to stay in the room to sleep.
5	I stayed at the fabulous Flamingo August 2011 and was so pleased with the overall exprience. The whole hotel smells like vanilla. I don't know why, but it's wonderful. We opted for the traditional room rather than the coveted "GO" room. When I first walked in I was pleasently surprised! The room was big, clean and was semi-updated. The view of the Bellagio fountains was a great plus as well!The casino is traditonal Las Vegas, just how I had pictured it. It was actually my favorite casino on the whole strip. Some of the newer ones are nice, however when going to Vegas I think one needs to have pink neon and gold accents on everything in sight.Can't wait to return!
3	Stayed here a couple of times. Didn't have high expectations, and it's not a luxurious hotel, so for the price and location, it's such a great deal. If you want a low key Vegas trip or know that you won't be spending much time in your room this is the place to book. The tables minimums are cheap here, and the drink service is great. My gambling spot!Cheap stay if you have no expectations. Rooms are kinda dirty but they try to clean it as best as they can. Rooms are old as well, if they remodeled every room, this place can have definite potential.
5	I love this hotel. I was standing in line and was unable to figure out how to efficiently check into the hotel. Their was a tall gentleman by the name of Rob that assisted me. Rob did a fantastic job in helping me check in. I love this hotel and the service here was great. Also, the room we stayed in was amazing
4	Not the comfiest beds, but you're in Vegas, it really doesn't matter! The pool atmosphere is fantastically fun! Watch out for the strong poolside drinks, they'll get ya! And the pool water was very cold while we were there, hence why we drank so much. Clever! Overall, great location in the center of the strip, makes for a very fun Vegas vacation!
3	I checked into my room at the Flamingo and something seemed funny... just not right. The room smelled like it had OD'd on Calvin Klein CK One, and a chair was turned over in a sinister, random fashion. I advanced cautiously through the room by the variable light from the giant pink neon Flamingo sign on the wall just outside... not wanting to turn on the lights. There seemed to be someone in the bed! "Hey, wake up." I shook the unmoving form cautiously, but there was something wrong. I pulled back the covers. It was a dead guy. Okay, I made that up. There wasn't a dead guy in the bed... not even a mint (unless I didn't notice it), but everyone needs an exciting Las Vegas story. My entire stay was rather drab and uneventful, so I thought I'd better make something up for the benefit of the people I had to borrow money from to get back to New York. Some nagging journalistic code, however, prevents me from not coming clean... I know I should just get over it. The room at the Flamingo could have been a Holiday Inn just outside of Kansas City except for the view... the view, to the west, Caesar's Palace, The Palms, then mountains, was what I was paying for. They may as well not have bothered with curtains, as far as I was concerned, or a TV. The window took up the whole wall, and it was worth the price of admission, 24 hours a day. The rest of the hotel I could do without. Every time I walked into the lobby, whether it was midnight, daytime, or breakfast-time, Eighties rock was blasting from the sound system. I guess they know their audience, but come on, what happened to Sinatra? If I want to be constantly serenaded by the crooning of STING, I'll check into a room in HELL. Of course, there is also the endless drone of electronic slot machines, whether real or manufactured... and I guess nothing here is real... but anyway, that sound is ever-present everywhere in Las Vegas, and if you can't stand that sound you'll probably end up doing something inappropriate. I sort of like it, at least it occasionally distracted me from the Eighties rock. Anyway, I spent most of my time in Bill's Olde Time Rootin' Tootin' Gambin' Hall next door, which is a much more human scale kind of place.
5	Could go on and on about this hotel about what a great weekend I had here. I  was completely suprised about my stay here on Halloween weekend!! At first I was skeptical about staying here only because it's an older hotel/casino! But I was looking for something affordable that my boyfriend and I could stay at, knowing that we wouldn't be in the room that much! I was extremely satisfied with the room!!! It was not bad at all, clean, spacious and a view of the pool! The tv wasn't updated, but  MGMs wasn't either only the new rooms which is fine with me, we weren't there to watch tv. I had got a non-smoking room and it didn't reak of smoke at all !!! Which was great! (I have stayed in a no smoking room before somewhere else and wreaked of smoke!) we found a shortcut to our room going outside vs going through the casino! Everything was soooo convienent! And I have never had such great service in my life anywhere! That is why they deserve 5 stars... It may not be as luxorious as the other hotels and casinos on the strip! But my boyfriend and I were treated as first class! My boyfriend and I wanted a quick bite to eat so we decided to eat inside the casino. Both craving the burger place we saw coming in To check in. So we had asked a man who worked there where it was located instead of just telling us he said "why don't I take you there myself" and was so sweet and helpful! Walked us the whole way! Was not expecting that! The food was good and low priced!! Service was great too. Also check in was extremely easy and the staff was very friendly with all the questions I had! Everytime I asked someone who worked there where something was or a question not once did any staff seem annoyed!! Which I'm sure they get the same questions all the time!!!The best part about this hotel I would have too was also the location!!! Smack in the middle!!!! So convenient right across from caesars!! I am so glad I had such a great experience here. Especially for the amount I paid on the room! Which I think they have there best rates on there website! I looked on so many different websites and they had the best deals! I even called to ask about my room and the telephone service was great too! I am so happy that I stayed here! I would deffinately reccomend this hotel to anyone who is visiting Vegas. Especially on a budget!! I had such a wonderful experience here. They deserved a great review on here and hope that everyone who stays here has a great time like we did! Thank you flamingo!
3	This was more like your old style casino hotel. Nothing spectacular but was fairly nostalgic. Not a whole lot to say since we only played a few slots.
3	This was my first time to Vegas so we decided to stay right on the strip. For the price, you couldn't beat the Flamingo. We arrived late on a Saturday and to my surprise, the was a very short line for check-ins. We paid for the "Go" room, but for some reason they decided to upgrade us to a suite for no apparent reason; awesome! We received our keys and made our way up to our room. The room was beautiful and had a great view of the strip. One problem, it was already occupied! Arrive back to the check-in counter and was greeted by a different employee. We informed her of the mix up and she got to work on her computer. After a couple minutes she informs us she didn't have any more suites and we weren't even supposed to get one. Fair enough since we didn't pay for it, but she came off very rude. We received our new keys and made our way back up the elevator. The room itself was pretty average in size. It was the updated version so it has a flat screen TV and DVD/MP3 player with some other odds and ends. Although nothing special, I will have to say the room was extremely clean. I guess my only couple complaints were the weird sliding glass door on the bathroom and there was no fan in the bathroom. The Casino itself was a bit dated and didn't seem to have a lot of floor space. I guess my only complaint would be the lack of food in the casino. Their food court only had three restaurants in it and only two were open, a pizza place and Johnny Rockets. The other non-food court restaurants seemed to close their door pretty early. Overall, the entire hotel/casino was nice. If you are looking to stay on the strip and not break the bank, I would recommend the Flamingo. If I could, I would give it 3.5 stars.
2	Unless you get a "Go Room" you are in for a dirty filthy room. They don't care either. We had to move three times. The first time we moved after complaining there was another guest checking in our room before we fully moved out. No one from the Hotel checked on our complaint before sticking another guest with the problem.The carpet was beyond dirty. It reaked and had stains and dirt all over. If you stepped into the tub after walking on the carpet you would leave black footprints. There is no excuse for such filth and no excuse for ignoring it and pawning these rooms off on the next guest.The Hotel is old and smells like it. They are trying to improve by updating, but have a ways to go. With all the lovely hotels in Vegas, why would anyone want to stay here is beyond me. It was my first and last time. I've never been treated as badly. A kennel would have been cleaner.There is one shining part of the Flamingo left. Junius Johnson, Jr., a server in the buffet. The man has been there for 30 years and he is the ultimate for customer service. He needs to train the rest of the staff. Hats off to the man.
3	Not nearly as run down nor outdated as I had expected. Great history nice grounds to go walk around. ADULT only pool ROCKS!
1	After having heard great things about the Flamingo and also having fun at Margaritaville I thought that it would be fun to stay at the Flamingo. Thank goodness we only stayed one night. The room was dirty with trash under the bed,black stains on the sheets,several burn marks all over the carpets and the bathroom...oh my goodness. The ceiling had some weird panel that was rusty ,a hole that looked like it used to house a camera and a disgusting vent that was covered in dirt. Why are all of these thing in the shower? I am glad we only stayed 1 night. Apparently if you do not spring the extra $$ for one of their "GO" rooms you will be guaranteed a stay in a old,dirty,seemingly forgotten about room. I am a huge fan of Vegas and know there are much better options than the Flamingo for similar cost.
2	Hardwood floors in the room, now that's something that I really detest. When I go to a hotel I expect a bit of comfort in the room. The phone's socket was hanging out of the wall. I had to plug in the clock and set the time myself. There was a hole in the wall where the door handle had collided with it once too often. The TV was an old-fashioned CRT and not a flat panel. I had an ant infestation, they were all over the bedside table and floor. To compensate they couldn't knock anything off the room rate because of the way I'd paid (Expedia) but they gave me a free breakfast at the buffet. Speaking of breakfast, the lines at all the eating establishments were a mile long in the morning.  I had a wedding to get to and I was not expecting to have to wait in line for breakfast, so I had to get some yoghurt parfait and a croissant at one of the little stalls and eat it in my ant-infested room. I got breakfast at the buffet the next day and had to wait about ten minutes to get a seat event though there was plenty of empty tables.
3	Bright light city going to send my soul going to send soul on fireFirst stop of Vegas had to check in. Heavy bag, tired and hungry. I got my total rewards card and want to play some games but I was hungry. Check in wasn't until 4 PM...looked at the clock, 10 AM. Groan. Check in the bag. Waited for the guy to take our bag but he had to help the "Platinum" customers...jerks. The hotel wasn't bad overall. It is a bit run down. The elevators are crummy and one of the elevators is missing a button for the 4th floor. We stayed at the 18th floor a great view of the Imperal Palace. Awesome. To get to the room it was a long walk to the elevators. So if you ate too much food and need to get to the room for a quick relief, well good luck if you are at the other side of the building.The service wasn't bad at all. The casino is really smokey. It is a older hotel but my lungs filled up quickly with smoke.The GF and I went to the Nathan Burton Comedy Magic show. It wasn't bad at all. For $15.00 we got front row seats to the show. Not sure how we got VIP status. Though they did lose the photos that they tried to sell us. Walls are thin, you can sometimes hear people argue, talk or having hot wild sex. The shower is a pressure wash, it will wash all the oil off your skin. Overall I thought the experience there was fine for what we paid. I probably would go back there for the price it was. It was a little crowded due to the holiday weekend but it wasn't bad.
3	You have to give "The Flamingo" credit for being around as long as It has and for trying to keep up with the newer chic-er hotels on the strip. It's constantly changing and being refurbished. The flamingo Is known for currently being the home for "Donny and Marie" and other little attractions such as the flamingo Habitat, Margaritaville, a Lushious pool and they're popular Paradise buffet. The Flamingo Is swarming with young peeps In the summer, they especially surround the pool around memorial weekend.
1	The best thing I can say about my stay at the Flamingo is that it was a roof over my head and the bed was reasonably okay. The carpets were disgustingly filthy--stained, torn, rippled--the furniture in the room was scratched and shaky and the food was almost as good as mediocre.  Had I been responsible for my lodging while in Vegas, I'd have checked out of the Flamingo as quickly as I checked in; come to think of it, checking in wasn't quick. The person responsible for booking our group told the reception desk that several people were unhappy with their accommodations and got a feeble half-smile of...mocking? sympathy? irritation? Hard to tell. And the poor flamingos were standing in water that had junk floating in it. This guest won't be returning anytime soon.
5	I stayed at the Flamingo from Sat-Monday last weekend, 2 beds in the Go room. I paid $90 the first night and $30 the second with my players card.The GO ROOMS are the only way to GO! Way worth the extra $15 a night if they offer it. The Flamingo has restaurants that are affordable, never had to wait for a cab, check in was easy, casino is awesome, I love love love this place. Call me crazy but I would rather stay here than the Wynn!!!!!!
4	Number 1 advice: Go to the pool early. There is a line to actually get into the pool. I believe you have to be in line by 8 if you want a good spot by the pool. Be aware it gets a ton of shade because of the landscaping. Beds are comfy maybe too comfy, I didn't want to get up in the morning, that could have also been because of the late night at the hotel bar. The drinks were really good and the bartender was super nice! I really liked all of the staff at this hotel! The room was really nice and clean and even had a mini fridge which was great!I didn't realize how big this hotel was. There are a ton of dining options and shops here. I suggest you get out and explore! It's pretty nice.Overall my experience was pretty good! I would definitely consider staying at the Flamingo again.
3	Stayed here two years ago. It was a nice hotel, very clean. The view from our room was really nice.  The slots were good and the buffet was okay too. The rooms were very affordable. It was a short trip, wish I could have enjoyed the hotel a bit more. I would go back though. It's right in the middle of the strip which is nice cause it's easy to get to other places by foot or by cab.
4	A cool and hop place to stay and the pool can't be beat! They have daily games for prizes at the pool which are really fun to enter. I never won:(. The rates are good and the location is the best on the strip. I stayed there for my bachorette party and it's the only place I ever stay in Vegas!
1	Clean your carpeting. Have a reasonable parking structure.
3	The Flamingo is almost historic. With that said I liked the Flamingo. It was a little old which made some of it feel run down compared to others out there but you just have to remember that it is older if not one of the first. My friend did not seem to enjoy its charm like I did saying it was too dirty and she will not return there. The beds were clean but like I said everything was just older. Every employee I spoke to was really nice. It is right on the strip. They have great shops inside their hotel which is nice. Plenty of parking and it is not massively huge like the other hotels. I did not get a chance to experience the pool but hopefully I will some day. The prices for per night were very reasonable especially for being on the strip. We only did a bit of gambling here because I spent most of my time in the TCBY - heck yeah. So if you are not all concerned about the age of the hotel or having the check in counters made out of marble and are looking for a good deal on the strip then I say give this place a try. Alot of good restaurants and gambling. Plus it is Vegas so you are never really in your hotel room to began with.
3	Got a good deal on our room for 3 nights. Only reason why we stayed here was because our friends were staying here. Had bed bugs on one of the queen size beds because me and a friend woke up and had bites on our legs. The bathroom was okay besides the shower area which look messed up. Probably wouldn't stay here again unless im looking for a cheap room for a weekend. Rather spend some  more money on a nicer hotel.
4	The Flamingo isn't as shiny and pretty or as spacious as some of the newer casinos like the Cosmopolitan, but it provides good rooms for a moderate price. . My folks enjoy the slots there and the casino rewards them consistently with free rooms, with $15 a night upgrade to deluxe rooms. The new remodeled "Go" rooms are well-done - flat-screen TV's, fancy showers, nice beds. The views aren't that usually that great from the rooms I've been in, but that's a minor drawback in my opinion. All in all, I would recommend the Flamingo to anyone who can't afford the swankiest hotels, but still wants an enjoyable place to stay on the Strip (unlike crap like the Imperial Palace). And the buffet is pretty good!
3	Stayed here for 1 night only. IMO, the rooms are a-ok for the price. I wouldn't mind staying here again. I wish the bathroom were bigger though.
3	Still a solid 3 out of 5. Stayed in a Go Luxury room with view - press a button to open the drapes and the view of the front of Caesars unfolds before your eyes. Empty fridge in the room to take some bottles of water stocked from the nearby CVS.Good part of the strip to act as a base, opposite Caesars/ Bellagio, next to Ballys/Paris, easy enough to walk to Venetian / Wynn in one direction, or Cosmopolitan / MGM in the other. We got cabs sometimes but a lot less than if we had been at one end of the strip or the other. Still too much BS 6:5 blackjack especially on any of the tables nearer the front of the casino where they recruit younger / more attractive dealers to sucker you in, and they have the occasional pole-dancer behind the tables with the worst odds. But they have plenty of OK (friendly but older) dealers if you are playing more $$ per hand. The range of bottled beers available at the table seems to have dropped off from last visit but maybe I'm confusing it with Ballys or one of the other ones nearby.Breakfast buffet had all the standard breakfast things but was pretty crappy quality for around $15-16 I think. Plenty of choice, and eat as much as you want, but when the food is no better than a typical stop on the interstate, you don't really feel the need to keep going back up for more after a couple of platefuls. Only tried it once and there was zero line at 8am the Sunday after Thanksgiving before our flight. Glad I didn't go at a busier time and wait in line - though it's a lower price, this is a level below Paris, Rio or any of the other good buffets run by the same group.Also, it bugs me that the Caesars/ Flamingo/ Ballys/ Paris/ Rio/ Bills/ Harrahs group proudly advertise 'never a resort fee' but to use all the amenities of the room you do need to pay a supplement - $13.99/day inroom wifi or $24.99/day hotel-wide wifi (which didn't really cover everywhere but reached a few of the bars/gaming areas). This price was supposed to be 'per device' but seems they accidentally charged us for less, so I don't need to rant quite as hard as I would have.Will probably be back again.
2	This hotel MAY be "almost" historic... but the amenity pricing is definitely exorbitant. Sure, the room prices are moderately okay but they never include amenities. Here is my detailed review:Room: Clean, maid service is great, views are swell. I was in a GO ROOM and the noise level was horrible... even on the 28th floor. I'm also not sure why but there is a door that goes to the next room here. I could hear our neighbors very clearly. Bathroom: The water pressure in the shower is extremely low. It takes a long time to shower. They include four drinking cups but the water is not filtered. (They want you to spend $$ on room service.) Vents make weird noises but that may be just in my room, I'm really not sure. Amenities: Although the Internet and Gym here costs $15 and $10 per day respectively it does help to notice that this resort does NOT charge a daily resort fee. However, a cup of hot water costs $7 via room service is not cool. There was also NO mini-fridge, NO microwave, and NO coffee pot. Other Services: The valet is free and they work solely on tips so when you go give them a few bucks if they don't treat you like crap. They were nice to my wife and I.Guest Services: So our adjoining neighbors decided to open their side of the door where we can hear everything they say. I called guest services and I believe I spoke with someone named John (I can't remember) who said, after treating me like a moron, that he would call. Well, we never heard their room phone ring and their side of the door stayed open. Every night we'd hear the neighbors yap it up and every morning hear the guy talk on his phone, "Yeah man! I'm in Vegas! F'in this and F'in that man it's F'in great!" Completely uncalled for. I was also told by GS that 80% of their rooms are adjoining. Please forgive me for being harsh, but I did pay money for this room and I expect to be respected.
1	I booked our room online and confirmed I needed 2 beds, had pets and was checking in really late. The lady on the phone told me the pet go rooms would be an additional 40 per night, so I booked/upgraded the room. Now, online the rooms looked amazing. The GO rooms for pets were lush with all sorts of pet friendly amenities. The room they put us in had dirty stained carpets, the bedside lamp was missing a shade, there were candy wrappers under the beds, dirty ashtray in the drawer, missing glasses, corroded bathroom fixtures & a clogged sink. when I laid down to sleep the bedding smelled like someone had been chain smoking for weeks in the room. I won't stay here again. Its disgusting and I'm leaving early because of it. Blah, yuck
3	It is hard to stay at the Flamingo and not feel a bit of the history of the place. That being said, my feeling is that the Flamingo is not one of your top tier hotels but if you are there with the guys or even on business and looking for some value then I recommend the Flamingo. What I didn't like about the Flamingo: Their Poker Room- It is pretty old school and seemed to be used mostly by locals which are not normally that fun to play with.Their Elevators - Very slow and old.Their Restaurants - Nothing that really caught my eye.Internet - 14.99 a day (WTF?)What I liked about the Flamingo:Their Location - The Flamingo is located a short walk from my favorite poker room at the Venetian and across the street from Ceasar's. I made great use of the location.Their Rooms- The room was very nice and even thought the decor was a little funky  thought it was very comfortable for the price. I think I might stay their again.
4	Maybe it's a good thing that these older hotels such as the Flamingo, are overshadowed by some of the newer hotels in Vegas. It allows for a great value!On our last night in Vegas, we wanted to stay on the strip compared to the off the strip accommodations we had in the previous days over at the Las Vegas Hilton (See review)I had SEEN the Flamingo GO rooms and when I saw a current deal that had it at $55 (Total with tax and no resort fees) I decided to book it. We get to the front desk and our front desk agent upgraded us to one of the GO Suite rooms with a view. She didn't have to, but she did and I am forever grateful since I did not have any cash on hand to tip her. I will hopefully be able to show thanks next time I am here--If I go here anytime soon. But if not, hopefully good karma comes her way.So we get to our floor, and it is obvious it's "GO" time. See what I did there? The "GO" theme is pink, as is the main theme of the Flamingo. This theme spreads throughout the hallway. The door to our room and just the vibe prior to entering the room had me believing it was going to be a small room. Upon entering you are hit with the openness of the GO Suite room. The living area is fairly large. The theme as mentioned goes with the rest of the Hotel... PINK. It was not overly done, and it was just right. The room was very chique. We had a nice view of the strip and could see the Bellagio fountain show. One of the many PIMP features includes the motorized sheers and blinds. You go in there and press the two buttons and it opens up the blinds and curtains. The windows themselves span across the room and it is floor to ceiling height so it is very open. You go to the bedroom and you are presented with the same window treatments. Full view of the strip, windows floor to ceiling height, with motorized blinds and sheers. The bed setup is also nice. There LED accent lights on the top, and adjustable ones on each side. THE BED IS COMFY!! It had nice support yet really sunk you in like you were floating on clouds. As for the bathrooms, the suite room has 1 and half bath. Right from the entrance and in the bedroom. The bathrooms don't have locks and the window is opaque so you can see that someone is in there, but can't make anything out. This maybe a problem for a few especially if sharing with others. Same goes for the bedroom bathroom. There is a single person tub and separate shower. The shower has strong pressure WITH BODY SPRAYERS! His and her sinks in the bathroom located in the bedroom. AND YES THERE IS A TV BUILT INTO THE MIRRORS! Both the living quarters and bedroom have separate flatscreen TVs. Looks to be 42". Also comes with nice sounding 2.1 channel sound system, you can hook up your media, has a USB port, and optical drive. The living area has a couch that does turn into a bed for extra guest.So why minus 1 star? Although the TVs are HDTV, there was NO actual High Definition programming. It's like buying a Ferrari and only staying in 1st gear. Why do establishments still do this?!?!Also the sound system in the bedroom was broken. It just didn't work anymore. One of the lamps also had a bulb that was out.Internet was not free, but that is common these days. Overall despite those minor quirks, I would highly recommend the Flamingo. It's on the strip and have affordable prices.
2	this place is huge. Not the most organized casino on the strip. It for sure is starting to show its age in comparison with like hotels and casinos on the strip. I must say that the men working at the bell men's desk were not friendly. When asking a  question they looked at us as though we had just asked them for their souls.Don't expect to be able to use the gym either. Regardless if you are a guest or not....You have to pay 10$ per person per day. In addition to the charges for the spa and showers.
1	Okay so here it is!  We came to Vegas for a convention/Anniversary and so the company booked at this hotel.  We get in and the line was a 45 minute wait at the front desk to check in.  We check in and they manage to lose our reservation for the second night, but yes they have it for the first night. Hmmm that's odd, they charge a company card for one night but not the second?  So then we finally get to our room and it hadn't been cleaned.  Nice right?  At this point we have met our limit on patience.  So my husband goes downstairs and they gave us $30 in comp money and say they will have someone up to clean it.  Okay so then we come back down in the morning and still haven't found any reservation or paperwork, but they take hubby's card and say they won't charge him, but they will save our room for us until they get it.  His company faxes over credit card authorization to Flamingo.  We get home last night and they charged him for the room.  I will never ever stay here again.  There are plenty of other places to stay that are more organized in Vegas then the Flamingo. The front desk was rude.  Their are really no benefits per se to staying here other than it is close to everything. They were having a deal at the time that if you booked two nights you would get a free pass to a buffet we asked about it and they said because the company paid for it we weren't eligible.  Really we were the ones checking in.  Anyways the last time we were in Vegas we stayed at El Cortez the new part in The Boutique section  I highly recommend this one.  It's by Fremont street and you can take the Deuce bus for $7 for a 24 hour period and the rooms are beautiful and it is really quiet and the staff is wonderful  Have a great adventure...
1	Multiple customer service problems, and bad attitudes galore. With so many hotels to choose from, why go here?
2	I stayed at the Flamingo back in July during a short two day trip to Vegas to visit some friends. I probably go to Vegas about 6x/year and decided that I wanted to try a different hotel. (I usually stayed at TI or MGM but now I'm switching to PH). After a long day of flying from the midwest I finally got to the hotel and wanted to get settled before we started hitting it. The check in line was long and there were few clerks.After being called up to the desk I gave the lady my ID and my conf #. She took my ID and went into the back room and disappeared for literally 20 minutes. I became annoyed at this point as my reservation was already paid for so I asked a clerk who wasn't busy to see what the hell was going on but she just gave me a blank stare. After waiting 25 minutes at this point the lady returns with some pygmy manager in a cheap suit. He proceeds to meekly tell me they overbooked and asked if I would be willing to stay at another Harrah's property. I told him the only place I'd move to at this point was Caesar's. He said they can offer me a room at Harrah's and they will comp me a buffet. Hahahahaha really dude? Thanks for wasting my time gfy! I told him to give me my room key or give me a refund and I'll call up the MGM. They gave me a room key. I felt like I was stuck at the DMV or something.The room I booked was a GO suite and there was nothing sweet about it. Stains everywhere, dusty, old dirty furniture, bad smell, and there was nothing new or renovated about it in my opinion. The vibe of the hotel was really lame. We didn't hang out there at all. Not  much of a young crowd and not much action.This was the first and last time I stayed at the Flamingo.Only pro: No resort fees.Cons: Everything else...
2	This place has definitely seen better days. My elevator stopped 6 inches short of the floor level, but opened anyway. I didn't want to get sliced just in case it decided to move, so I jumped out.My window did not even provide a view of the strip because there was an ad banner made of this mesh that was pasted on my side of the building.Don't waste your money here, stay somewhere newer. It takes about an hour to check in, their front desk is atrocious.Crappy slow expensive wifi. Even Vagabond Inn has free wifi.
4	After reading the reviews on Hotels.com and some of the reviews here, I was afraid to stay here.  But after my five night stay, I'd probably stay here again - especially to save some dough.I didn't stay in one of the "Go" rooms but it still wasn't bad.  I'd say the room was on par with an older LaQuinta.  The room included a desk, a small love seat, and a comfortable sitting chair with ottoman.TV was no frills - TBS, WGN, ESPN, CNN, and local channels, that's it - but no big deal.My room had both Wi-Fi and a physical cable for Internet access - charge was about $13 per day.Check in and check out were both speedy and flawless.Don't be afraid to stay here - the rooms are clean but could stand to be updated/remodeled.  See my photos for a look at the older rooms.
3	good for the price! book asap tho. we had dates in mind a couple wks prior to our visit when the price was $28/night on flamingos site but didnt.actually book until the day before we planned on coming and the price bumped up to $35. we ended up booking thru expedia and was happy to find that we got a great view of the strip! we didnt get a crap view because we booked thru a different site! our visit was good. sure some of the chairs in our room looked like they need to be re upholstered and the floor could use a steam clean but my main concern is clean bedding and I was happy to find stainless sheets and a variety in pillow firmness. I was a little grossed out that there were a couple clipped toenails on the bathroom floor when we arrived and the next day found them merely brushed into a corner after house keeping came by. oh btw they are unpredictable! one day they came past noon and the next they came knocking at 9:30. check in/check out was easy and i love that this hotel is on the small side. i didnt have to walk far to grab a bite to eat or to run to the lobby or box office. we just left yesterday and im already missing the convenience of having food and fun just a minute away.
3	You can tell that Flamingo was a nice hotel in its day. Still the decorations and room furnishings are nicer than you would find at similarly priced hotels (e.g. Circus Circus, Excalibur, and Harrahs.) Service was good. Slow at check in but the staff was accommodating to my requests. Casino attracts an older demographic but you're in the middle of the strip and can navigate around the strip easily.Complaints were that the warm water would come and go during showers and the sink wouldn't drain quickly. Overall I felt I received what I paid for and didn't mind Flamingo. Granted I didn't spend too much time inside Flamingo, basically only used it to sleep and shower.
4	The husband and I stayed here in Dec 2011, we had a GO room with 2 queen beds.  The room was nice and the view was AWESOME!!  We could see the Bellagio fountains and all the way down to the light on top of the Luxor!  During the day the sun beams in like a laser so we kept the curtains drawn but at night it was beautiful.  The air conditioner did not work or at least didn't work well.  We are hot natured people so 76 degrees in the room is HOT to us but we didn't want to switch rooms because of the view!  The beds were very comfortable and the rooms were very clean.  The decor in parts of the hotel are a little dated but they are working on that I think.  We visit Vegas every year and always try to stay somewhere different to get different experiences and this one overall was pretty good.  My only complaint was the AC.  Several reviews said they waited forever at check in but we only waited about 20 minutes.  The lady that checked us in was a little odd but hey it's Vegas!  The garden bar has the coldest beer in the hotel but skip the Burger Joint they on the other hand had the hottest beer and worst service.  We really enjoyed our stay, just make sure you get a GO room or one of the recently redecorated rooms and you will be pleased.  Very nice stay for the $$.
4	My room was nice, they did a great job with the upgrades. I compared a couple other rooms and I can tell that the higher level rooms are nicer than the lower levels. Bed is huge and comfy. I like the flat screen tv's, especially seeing the one in the bathroom. I was told that the upgrades were just done, so I stayed her at the right time. Sadly the pool and jacuzzi were being worked on. If you wanted jacuzzi time, the front desk staff told us to use Ceasar's.  Now that sucks! The casino it self, is very old and nothing like the newer casinos, obviously. would I stay here again, sure the price was right.
3	Ask to be put in a remodeled room, otherwise RUN. The remodeled rooms are really nice and comfortable! You can tell they are trying to improve their image. The cafe is really expensive and you'll leave feeling sick. I love how they have ducks, geese, flamingos, coy and swans in the Habitat. Great place to stay if you are trying to save some bucks, but don't want to feel like you need to bathe 300 times after leaving. The walls are a little thin...just a side note :o)
3	I stayed here while in town for a friend's wedding. The Flamingo is in a good location on the Strip, nice and centrally located. We didn't plan on spending too much time in the room or at the hotel, so the Flamingo was a good choice, especially since my friend was getting married at Caesar's Palace which is across the street. The room met our purposes, as we just needed a place to sleep, but was nothing special. You could definitely tell that this was an older hotel on the Strip.My biggest complaint is the check in. There were two people trying to help about 50 people check in. There is an automated check-in kiosk, but it wouldn't work for our reservation. After quite a wait, the guy that eventually helped us said that was because something was improperly coded in our reservation, and he had modify it. This definitely wasn't the best way to make a good first impression.
2	I decided to make a reservation at the Flamingo during a recent visit this early December.  All I'm going to say is that these older hotel casinos need to step up their game, but then again, I can see why they don't have to as someone needs to accommodate a lower price point compared to the Bellagio, Aria, Encore and the likes.When we checked in, the line was super long but I noticed that there was a self-service check in kiosk.  I thought, "Cool, gotta try it out."  I literally checked myself into a room within a matter of five minutes and it was was so easy, I love technology!  The bro-in-law checked in earlier that morning and sent pics of his "Go-Room" which looked pretty snazzy!  I didn't opt for a Go-Room and I kind of regretted it but then again, I had more money for shopping!There were three different elevator banks to get to your specific room.  You need to know which exact elevator you need to get on otherwise it'll be a long walk.  When we get to the room, it was totally basic, no frills and borderline dirty, i.e. gum on the carpet.  But we made the best of it and after awhile, didn't pay much attention.  The room definitely is in dire need of renovated with new furnishings, along with the old school tube TV that hums when it turns on.  The bed surprisingly was fairly comfy though.  The bathroom was quite dull, but spacious, then again, we were in an accessible room.  The shower was a tub but it had rails and a hand held shower head which couldn't stay put, so I had to hold it or literally stand near the wall to be under the stream.  Not to mention, the tub area had no lighting and it didn't help that the shower curtain was made of thick, industrial strength plastic which just let a mild glow of light through.I honestly don't like eating on the Strip as there is so much foodie goings on beyond the Strip so, I can't comment on any of the restos.  I do remember eating at their cafe a few years ago and it was just standard diner type of food and service.The gaming was decent and they had all the newer slots with LED screens and whatnot.  I guess they'd rather invest in new slot machines than put an LED TV in the rooms, which I guess makes better business sense.Their parking garage can be tough to maneuver and easily gets full, same goes with their Valet, unless you happen to be a Diamond or Seven Stars player.Overall, the Flamingo's location is so ideal as it's located in the heart of the Strip.  If you want to be in the middle of all the action and simply just want a bed to lay your head on in the wee hours of the morning, go for it!  However, I personally wouldn't stay here again, unless it was in a Go Room.
4	Booked a room from Thurs-Sun in mid November.  Less than $44/night for the weekend, say what?  Keep in mind that I had a standard room, not a Go Room so I wasn't expecting much.  A few days before my trip to Vegas, I came on Yelp to check out the recent reviews and got nervous considering how many reviews were complaining about getting a room where someone was already occupied in it.  A few stains based on wear and tear, I can live with (it is one of the oldest casinos on the Strip), but I really didn't want to walk in on strangers and have to deal with that awkwardness.Alas, my trip came and went and all I have to say is THANK YOU FLAMINGO for giving me a good and cheap place to shower and sleep during a crazy drunken Vegas weekend.  No strangers to be found in my room, the stains on the carpet were minimal, the beds were comfortable and the shower was clean.  Plus, our view was not QUITE the strip as we were mostly facing Ballys but we had a great view of the Bellagio Fountain Show when it came on!Location made it easy to get to almost anywhere without having to take a cab (except when it was late and cold) and when we got tired of getting robbed by the upscale casinos, we got to go back to our own casino and lose at a slower pace.One more plus -- The Burger Joint at Flamnigo is awesome and is way better than Johnny Rockets.  Review for that coming soon.If I'm on a budget, I'd come back to the Flamingo in a heartbeat.
4	Paid only $44 total for one night which was ridiculously cheap. Obviously this isn't the Bellagio but everything was decent and nothing was out of order. There weren't many TV channels. The elevators are very convenient though. Overall, a good value.
3	This is meant for the Casino. Iit's decent, I like that they have some tables which are as low as $5 just because sometimes you can have "one of those days" where you just don't feel like spending money but you still want to occupy your time and practice your game.The staff is mostly friendly, just have to give off a friendly air and they play along. The people who go there are pretty nice as well. I've constantly taken advice on Blackjack and visa versa. I deducted a couple of stars because it's maintained as well as you would hope/expect. The other star is gone because although most of the staff is nice, you still have to actually TRY to be nice otherwise they'll remain cold... I find it irritating that I always have to try to show THEM a good time when it should be the other way around.
4	For the price and the location, I love staying here when I want to be centrally located but dont want to spend a ton of money on one of the newer and nicer hotels
3	Hubby got comped rooms. But we decided to pay extra $10 a night to upgrade to the GO rooms that is recently renovated. The bathroom is up to date with a tub and shower. We got a double bed room. Apparently the old rooms didn't have the coffee maker and ridge, which is one of the main reasons why we upgraded since we had our little girls with us. Our room over looked the strip, and the biggest highlight was.... It was facing the water show at the Bellagio!!! Got to see the water show for only $10/night extra compare to the $300+ / night in the other hotels! Cons:: very small room. And the carpets look and probably is dirty. Guess they didn't change the carpet during the renovation.Still a very old hotel do can't really blame them with the old outdated rooms and hallways.
5	The best hotel I have stayed in so far!  The service from the front desk to the maids were great.In our current stay in Vegas, we stayed in three different hotels, and we never had any trouble or problems with this hotel.After we checked in, we found that the room had a great view of the strip.We have not tried the restaurants in this hotel, but the gambling was not too bad.  Same old slots, the card tables seem filled every morning and night.We never had trouble with the maids here.Every day we found our rooms nice and tidy!The room we stayed in was spacious, comfortable, and had a nice bathroom filled with a large tub, and separate shower.I think that if I were to ever stay on the strip again, I will consider staying at this hotel.
4	OK, definitely not the most upscale place you'll ever stay in Vegas, but somehow I find myself back at the good ol' classic and unpretentious Flamingo time and time again. I'm headed to LV for a convention again next month and opted for the Flamingo based on its value (even though the company is paying), it's prime location, its service and its familiarity. I've had great rooms here and some rooms that were just OK, but I've always had a comfortable bed and have NEVER had any trouble with the wonderful staff whenever I've needed something or have had a special request. They've simply never failed me. The buffet is consistently very good with beautiful surroundings and I've enjoyed many of the other dining options as well. The layout is simple and uncluttered. The sports book is spacious and comfortable. I'm never more than a couple minutes walk from my bed when it's time to call it a night.I'm looking forward to trying out a GO Deluxe room this next trip (again, since the company is paying, but even with a premium room I'm still saving them at least $100/night over the more indulgent casinos nearby!) The bossman is happy and so am I!
4	Love the new Go rooms. Stayed here around Thanksgiving when I was attending the Morrissey concert. The rooms are cool and not too expensive. The floor was clean enough to go barefoot! Liked the TV in the mirror in the bathroom so that you can watch while you are relaxing in your bath. The renovation is fun and loved the lounge chair right next to the large window (with remote control drapes!) Great room service- beer and wings- super fast too! I will stay here again!
1	Deluxe Room = Crappier than Motel 6's This review is for me and 10 of my other coworkers that are having problems with this hotel.  We're staying here for CES and each of us is encountering some sort of craps with our room.The first room I had is horrendous.  The furniture are old, the mattress is sagging in middle, the bathroom corners have mold, and the sink didn't drain.   I switched to a different room the next morning and it's somewhat better.  When I shared my story with my colleagues, they all expressed similar horror stories about their rooms.  One has bed bug bites, one shower doesn't work, one saw a cockroach inside his bag, and few said the floor is really dirty.  Well, that's why I'm here to give this one-star review!
3	Service is okay, probably because we checked in NYE weekend. We got a pretty good deal on the room by purchasing through www.LasVegas.com and buying www.LasVegas.com gift cards for a discounted price at Costco.We booked 2 queen beds, but ended up with 1 king size bed. Called for a room change, but they were all full, so to compensate for their mistake, the front desk lady promised us a room change between the hours of 11-1 pm the next day, and they brought in a complimentary pull out bed for the first night, that was springy and very uncomfortable.There was construction going on in the morning after our first night in Vegas. So I called the front desk to have a room change at an earlier time. Turns out the woman we spoke to the night before did NOT make note of the arrangement and there were no rooms available. The new lady offered us $30 of food and drink.. I obviously refused, especially because there was CONSTRUCTION going on next door. Spoke to the manager, and she agreed to the room change.Tip: If you're a group of young girls, DON'T GET TAKEN ADVANTAGE OF! Don't be afraid to demand what you deserve! The flamingo is great because it's in the middle of the strip and close by to a lot of great hotels. Affordable for Vegas, so I'd definitely come again. I would have given it 5 stars if we weren't jibbed from the beginning. I hate it when hotels and restaurants try to take advantage of young people.
4	I have stayed here countless times because my mom is actually one of those VIPs but I have to tell you the reason why I love the FLAMINGO is because they have....LORD OF THE RINGS penny slot machine! If you haven't played, it is so much fun and you can actually make some moola after putting in your $20.  Oh yeah, the sound effects are awesome, fun and it is so interesting!It is located close to the hotel registration lobby.
4	This is not one of my favorite casinos but it has a charm that shouldn't be missed.  It's more old school in looks and fun to be in.
1	All my friends who go to Las Vegas to have fun have never ever mentioned Flamingo, I now know why. If the rooms are comparatively more affordable, that's fine, since it was my first time I wouldn't have known the difference anyway. My mom booked a room with 2 queen-sized beds, I'm positive we were given full-sized beds. Is the bed-sizing system different in Nevada?No fridge. No bathroom vent. No coffee maker. No extra blankets. One of the lamp lights burned out.Apparently we were suppose to set the room to one temperature and keep it there even though it was hot during the day and freezing at night.Wi-Fi is $14 a night.On a more positive note I did win money in the slot machines in their casino and the hotel is located in the middle of all the other, better, hotter, way more popular hotels and resorts. This made it easier to adventure and explore.Maybe I should have stayed in a suite? I have no intentions of coming back, but I can't predict the future.
2	First off coming from staying at the Bellagio and Wynn this was a big step down...I went to Vegas with 5 other guys and one of them picked the Flamingo to stay because it was cheap and centrally located...and that was ALL it had going for it.Casino was junk....rooms were dirty, A/C didnt work (took 2-calls to front desk to get it "fixed"), beds were HORRIBLE, pillows were WORSE, bathrooms were mediocre and the ameneties weren't there.Old, cheap, centrally located...that sums it up!
2	I have to say for how famous this place is I was not impressed at all. Located right off the Las Vegasstrip this place looks really cute in white and pink. I really wish I liked it more for just the color on the outside but in the inside the rooms were feeling pretty small and tight even for the suites!Bathroom was having some issues with wallpaper falling off. It really wasn't pretty at all. I did enjoy the flamingos they have. :) It is super cute!! I felt like I was time warped back in the 50's...But what can you say..this place is famous and semi decent prices.
2	Get a "GO ROOM" or don't stay here.  Great location on the strip.  If you book a Go Room, try to get one with the view.  If you happen to stay here in a normal room, you will be greatly disappointed.  The bathroom is a downgrade from a Travel Lodge.  I had no water pressure in the shower and the shower curtain appeared to be from the 99 Cent Store.  I had multiple cig burn holes in the sheets and blankets.  The carpet was filthy and the stopper in the cink was broken.
3	Positives:GREAT location.Nice room for the priceClean and comfy rooms/beds (even though they are small!!)Negatives:Rude/Not helpful workersFull valet...had to park ourselves and walk farLong wait to check-inLots of old people (me and my friends are in our 20's and didnt know this)I wouldn't stay there again unless I was super broke. It wasn't worth the bad customer service we experienced. I know other hotels with the same good location for just a LITTLE bit more and a better experience.
4	This was my first time in Vegas and I wanted to stay on the strip for a fairly decent price. The Flamingo did not disappoint. Our room had an awesome view of the strip. We were on the 24th floor and we were able to see some of the outside shows from out room. The beds we're comfortable and the sheets were clean. My only complaint is that the beds seemed a little small. We asked for 2 queen sized beds and they felt like full-sized ones. The bathroom was clean and we always got good room service. We would leave for a while and when we'd get back our beds would be made. Fresh towels and empty garbage cans.  Overall the rooms were great.The service from the employees was good. They were all very helpful and gave us good directions and helped us get our moneys worth. The valet always had a taxi and/or limo available for us, (we were a group of 8). While in the casino, the attendants would bring us drinks and were very attentive. We ate at one of the buffets for breakfast and the food was all very good. It was a little limited in the variety but the quality was satisfactory. I had heard many horror stories about Vegas hotels but I am happy to say that my first experience there was a good one. I would definitely recommend this hotel to people and I'd stay here again.
4	3.5 Stars - and really ONLY for the location.If it's your first time in Vegas (as it was mine when I stayed there), let me tell you this: you will be hotel hopping across the strip to check out the interiors - so the hotel you stay in (unless you are getting a suite or having a party in that very hotel) does not really matter.If you want to stay in a modern, trendy hotel with lots of young people, gourmet buffets, and exciting gambling adventures... this may not be the place to stay.If you want to pay as little as possible to be in the center of the strip and within walking distance of all of the trendy modern hotels... STAY HERE.   It's located right in the middle of everything, there's easy access to all of the hotels, and you'll have more money to spend on all of the other luxuries of Vegas.*****Pros:*****Regular sized rooms (two beds, can fit four people)Central LocationClean and comfortable roomsThere is gambling and cheap food on the first floorThey usually have a packaged bundles with Spirit Air (saving you even more $)*****Cons:*****It's not young and hipThe rooms are not trendy or that well decoratedThe hallways are long and confusing on each floorFinal verdict: I would definitely stay here again if we were going as a group, with some friends, or just going and wanted to save a bunch of money.  If you're looking for the glamour of Vegas that's shown on TV or in Movies - stay elsewhere.  But I'll warn you... prepare to spend a LOT more.
4	I've stayed here twice.The first time it definitely seemed super cheesy and I wasn't overly impressed with the room. BUT they seem to have done some renovations because the 2nd time I went all of the rooms were really nice (the bathrooms especially with the glass shower, modern sink and TV imbedded into the mirror).It may be for the older crowd, but they're definitely re-vamping and it's the best location on the strip- closest to everything.Also, they offer dog friendly rooms which aren't gross (yaaaay!) and offer a little "potty area" outside which isn't great, but better than nothing.
2	little change from years past...an old hotel and casino still surviving...restaurant selections poor...burgers, buffet and standard quick fix...bellhop service quite sluggish...package shipping and receiving a trek to the ups store...typical las vegas surcharge by weight for handling...up to the room and finding a change from previous years...horrendous aged pink room walls finally gone...updates and upgrades...beds, television and interiors seeing renovated in two-thousand-eleven...finding more comfort and beds actually softer...not a bad rest night...
2	Why I wound up staying here aside (valet lost our car keys!), I suppose I do have to admit that the rooms are 3 stars (er, the new ones at least). We had a nice view of the Strip (including the Bellagio fountains). Good comfy beds. Decent bathroom (though, no tub, just a shower). The decor was decent too. No robes, no minibar. But for a place to rest your head at night in Sin City, you could do way worse. And it's a pretty good central location too.However, there isn't much else to do at the Flamingo. There's a couple of ok shows, but it ends there. The restaurant options are sucky. Room service is no more than 2 stars. The stores are sucky. Etc.So for the right price, it's a good room, but not much else.And then, of course, there's the issue that the valet lost our car keys. Yep, lost our car keys. What are the friggin' odds of that happening? Either way, can't say I would recommend valeting your car here. Why take that gamble?I do have to admit, though, that I like their pool. Somewhere between 3 and 4 stars. It's free for locals (after a certain time). And the adult only pool is pretty good too.
3	We stayed here for my girlfriends bachelorette in 2004.  Rooms were clean, bed was comfy. Pool area was nice.  Hardly in the room anyways so basically not much negative to say about it. Price was decent.  We all enjoyed our stay here being it was the best location on the strip.
4	Dude, this place is legit (not to sound so d-baggy). Here's why...1. Recently remodeled/ upgraded hotel (not swanky--just think an janky old hotel with new floors, decor, tv, and furniture. Be warned--the bathrooms seem to have been left off the remodel list. Old shower/ bath/ fixtures/ toilet. Our sink was actually leaking. 2. Clean. No carpet in the the super basic rooms, so I actually feel it's cleaner than one with carpet. Linens were new-ish and still white. No down comforters. Just pink throws that looked like a Muppet was skinned. 3. Location. Center of the strip, basically. Quick-ish walk to Miracle Mile Mall, PH, Cosmo/ Marquee, etc. 4. Mediocre pizza place right next to the elevators. Umm...can we say, lifesaver?? 5. And my favorite...Cost. This place is cheap! We expected a LOT less when we booked, but ended up loving the Flamingo by the end of the weekend. Perfect spot for a quicky (cheap!) trip to Vegas with a small group of friends! Will definitely be back whenever we're not trying to pretend we be fancy. Ha! Warnings: Walls are PAPER THIN. Wouldn't bring my family to a spot like this. Also, there isn't much of a selection for food...you're going to have to walk outside the hotel if you're trying to eat good in Vegas.
4	A 3.5 is probably where this goes, but debating between a 3 and a 4 I'd say 4.It's a tough rating to give because I also rated Aria a 4 as well, and most people would not put these 2 hotels in the same category.However, Aria is advertised as a super luxurious hotel and Flamingo is just another "cheap" hotel on the strip.Well, maybe it's because of the low expectations but to me it's a 4. Since it's not that popular, lines weren't an issue. The rooms have been upgraded and I think they did a great job. Mediocre beds, they stayed with the color scheme but added some modern twists to it. obviously not the most trendy, but for what you pay for its' a great value. I found the day bed by the window very comfortable to lay on.The location is right int he middle of the strip. You can take a walk to Caesar's Forum shops, and planet hollywood's miracle mile pretty easily.Downstairs there's a solid cheap late night hamburger spot. Nothing fancy but it's cheap and readily available.Casino is nothing to rave about, subpar especially when Caesar's and Bellagio are right there. But if you're balling on a budget, these tables would be the way to go.If I  had high expectations of this place. It would probably be a 2. But it's very cheap, especially for its location on the strip.
3	I reserved the Deluxe Room with King Bed for my stay during Rock 'n Roll Las Vegas Half Marathon weekend in December 2011. The reason I chose Flamingo was because I stayed there back in 2009 but it was in a Go Room, and I had fond memories. I also chose Flamingo for the location in proximity to the race start line, monorail, and the price. ---I arrived around 10 am on Saturday morning the day before the race but was told I couldn't check in early unless I wanted to pay extra. This was not my experience in the past and I stayed at Harrah's earlier in 2011 and I was given a room well in advance of normal check in time and without having to pay an extra fee. Each time I have visited Vegas, I was able to check in at various hotels I've stayed in much earlier than check in time (given room availability - always a yes) and without an extra fee. My plan was to check in, catch up on some sleep, and then go to the race expo. I understand they may not have had room availability at that time in the morning, but the extra fee was a turn off. I was told I could check back at 1pm and was given the floor number my room would be on. I opted to check my bags (tipped bell service to check my bag in) and enjoy Vegas and go to the expo earlier. The Sands Expo Center is at a walkable distance and leg sparing for race day (or night in this case). I returned around 4pm and was given my room key and finally made it to my room. I do love the bell service. After you check you bags, you are given the phone number to call from your room and your claim ticket number for bell service to deliver your bags to your room. The gentleman who brought my bags up was great. He oriented me to the floor (ice machine, elevators, vending, etc) and asked if I had any questions. (This is a good opportunity to tip for service.) --- Beautiful big room and comfy King bed for a solo traveler but I did notice a big pink stain in the middle of the floor. I did not walk bare foot in this room. I kept my socks on and I had extra socks with me. I did go downstairs to the Go Sexy Shop (I highly recommend visiting - very fun shop and staff) and bought cute leopard print folding slippers to wear, too. Floor gave me the impression it wasn't clean, but it could be just because of the odd big pink stain on the floor. Who knows what that stain was??? On more positive points, all the basic amenities are there for your comfort including toiletries and plenty of towels. I loved the big picture window/wall of windows and the view of the other hotels during the day and night. Very comfy sitting area between the bed and the window, obvious vacuum marks on furniture which is nice to see, floor was quiet for the most part, be sure to put in your "Do Not Disturb" sign in your door if you want to sleep in. You can find it in your bedside table and insert in key slot. I didn't have one in my room but I called down and one was placed in the key slot of my room soon after. I was doing a night race, so I wanted as much sleep as possible! ---On one of the mornings I heard the bulldozers going around 7am - no joke, I looked at the clock. First I thought it was the flamingos squawking but it was the scraping of the bulldozers below working on the new location of the soon to open Carlos 'n Charlies from what I heard. :) ---Overall, pretty good stay but could've been more comfortable. I definitely got what I paid for instead of getting more than expected for such a great rate. Oh well, I highly recommend you upgrade to a Go Room, it's more updated, comfortable, but not necessarily cleaner from the last time I stayed in a Go Room. Very nice, though. Access to the monorail is a real asset. Buy your ticket at the kiosk in the lobby or at the station entrance. You can also get a pass online to redeem at the counter. Be sure to buy a 24 hour pass even if you think you'll only use it once or twice. It will come in handy and save your legs - especially if sore after a race or a day of walking. Taking the monorail will take you to the back of the hotels, but you get to explore the shops in the areas and there are plenty of signs and people to direct you to the entrance/The Strip. ---Better yet, after the fiasco at the Rock 'n Roll event last year, stay within close walking distance to the start/finish line. You'll be glad you don't have to be in traffic, deal with crowds or lines for a long period of time, or anything. Get into that ice bath asap! :) Whether you are in Vegas for a race, event, or just enjoyment, upgrade to a Go Room if you stay at the Flamingo. I heard they renovated or are renovating rooms, so I hope you get a good room. I love you Vegas and I'll be back but not likely to Flamingo.
5	Stayed here a couple times, loved the pool, loved the SELF CHECK IN.  Try finding that in Vegas, people stand in line in for over 30 minutes, but you can easily walk over to the self check in and get your room with no fees.  Did I mention no hotel fees $15 per night... Not at Flamingo.  Ohh and its located right next to the monorail, so if you don't want to walk the long strip or are a great and got heels, stay here.  You are also in the middle of the strip.
4	It's hard to decide how many stars to give the Flamingo.  Location it's a 5, quality of room was a 3.5 (I was in a remodeled room), price is a 4 and hidden fees and services a 2.  I stayed here for 9 days for a convention so I wore out my welcome of walking through a Casino every night and dealing with smoke and noise.  The first 3 days were great and I would definitely stay here again for vacation because how often are you in your room?  I've also heard their pool is halfway decent in the summer.  Nothing wrong really but a lot of better options in Vegas.
4	The Flamingo has become my new Vegas Hotel.Still on a budget, I come here because there is life after Imperial Palace. Lately, I've been booking the Deluxe rooms and upgrading to a nicer room. I have actually never stayed in a Deluxe room...A usual weekend booking (Thurs-Sun)  directly from the site will set you back around 250 less than 300. Depending on the time of year, Keep checking back for deals.If you can get yourself into a GO-Room, I'd highly recommend it! They are upgraded and have way better amenities like an iPod Dock, Comfier beds with nicer headboards, a couch, Flat Screen TV, and Refrigerator. The Bathroom has a TV in the Mirror, a separate stand up shower and an Tub.  Nicer counter-top and sink. Basically a more upscale room. We also had a  nice View of the Bellagio Fountain show, which was a plus!Lately I have been able to upgrade to a Mini-Suite , which has been nice with you have a lot of people. You can easily sleep 5 people, if you sleep someone on the couch. There is like a "living room" space with a coffee table and the couch, We usually use it as "The Bar" the Bathroom is average. There is just a lot more space.I'm looking forward to trying out the "Fab rooms." Upgraded rooms with Hardwood floors can only be as awesome as it sounds. (I'll be trying for that the next time I'm in town!!)Came here during the summer once and Their Pool is pretty cool. Really big (Bigger Than TAO Beach) you can order food and drink and sit pool side listening to music. They often have fun contests and stuff for all the drunk people to participate in!The Casino is nice and they have a lot of different Slot Machines and video Slots. Shops and restaurants. The Food Court is a Great Place to go when you're drunk and are looking for a bite Johnny Rockets, Nathans hot dogs, some Japanese place... They're open really late or 24 hours... It was like 2 am when we went, I'm not sure if they close. I also liked the Buffet, I did the "Buffet of Buffets" last time I was in town and ate at the Flamingo for Breakfast. All in All, they have everything I need, for now. And unless I get a better deal elsewhere, I'll keep coming back.
1	Hotel rooms aren't that nice... They aren't horrible... Just not anything you want to spend time hanging out in. Usually I'm not in my room anyways when I'm in Vegas lol. The beds are definitely comfortable... And ladies if you're going in a group I'd say be weary.... Mirror space is very limited!...adding on to this review a few months later... i will never stay here again. They gave us an OCCUPIED ROOM! TWICE! how embarassing to open the door and there are guests already in the room! TWICE! i dont think i need to say anything else.
3	Went there for craps and stuff, nothing fancy.  Just a regular casino with regular games.  It was a while ago and I don't remember what I actually did there, so that just shows you how regular and normal it was....
4	Stayed in a suite. The "suite" part was adjacent.  Huge room! Comfortable bed. Bathtub could have been cooler for a suite, but big enough for two.  Have great food options there. Inexpensive shows.  Can't go wrong staying here!
2	This is a difficult review to write because I was pleased with the outcome but frustrated the the process and the way they handled it.  We booked to night at the Flamingo and arrived around 4pm which is their standard check in time.  I parked in their garage and unloaded all our bags to go check in.  When I arrived I found out they didn't have a room for us.  So the moved our reservation to the Harrahs, which was no big deal, had they at least call and informed us before I waisted my time unloading, reloading, and unloading the car.  It did make it all better when we got to the Harrahs and found out we were upgraded to a suite at no extra charge.  Flamingo if you cancel or move someones reservation make sure you inform them.
4	For all its faults Flamingo is a fantastic hotel. You couldn't ask to be in a better location on the strip, directy across from Cesaer's at the center of the city, the Flamingo is Las Vegas. Sure it is not as modern or as flashy as some of the newer hotels, but you can't beat the price. Valentine's weekend I paid $75 a night and they upgraded us to an executive suite, the room was very modern too except for the bathroom. The view was breathtaking (see photos), alone well worth the money.
1	Wow, where do I start?I've stayed at a few places in Vegas as I'm there quite often for business trips. On a last minute decision, I ended up having to go to Vegas again and Flamingo was the cheapest for buying just a few days before. When we got there, check in was pleasant and easy. And, my positive experience ends there. Our room was so dirty. A layer of dust was over all the furniture and there were crumbs on the sofa and countertops. The next day, when we got back into our room, it was actually EVEN dirtier. The maid had worn dirty shoes in the bathroom and there were black footmarks all over the floor. When I asked the receptionist to have them clean it up- no surprise- nothing happened. To top everything off, the Valet is also really inefficient and it takes forever for them to get you your car. Once, they lost our ticket and we ended up waiting over 30 minutes!! I would so not stay here next time and I would not recommend this place.
1	When you think of Vegas, there are a few things that come to mind. Some of them being..- Casinos- Stripers and Hookers- Drugs- Oh and the Flamingo girlsIsn't it one of the things that makes Vegas? This too is an old old casino. I think there are some upgrades that are needed or at least some cleaning. C'mon TLC for one of the classics! You definitely don't get the same kind of service as you would at some of the newer hotels. The service and overal ambience of this hotel is subpar. Just take you tourist pictures and leave. Also, do NOT bother with the shows here. Lame, just lame.
3	Spent 4 nights in the newly renovated FAB room @ Flamingo over Presidents Day weekend. Pros: Adequate for the price but hotel shows it age. Centrally located on strip.Cons: Since the floors are simulated wood, you can hear people above you walking around. The windows are not very sound proof cause we heard airport departures most of the day. Buffet is the worst.!
5	This hotel was ridiculously awesome when I stayed for EDC last year. The best room to get is the deluxe GO room. Fortunately, our room had a clear view of the Belagio water show so that was awesome to watch when we were ending our fun filled nights. As for the room I couldn't have asked for a more dope set-up. 2 massive beds with a full on Bose sound system that had an Ipod deck. That alone made our room the party room for all our friends. Best of all we didn't get any noise complaints! It was also pretty sweet that we had a tv built in the bathroom mirror. Dopest most affordable hotel in the middle of the strip where things get poppin!
2	The best thing I can say about this place was that it was cheap. After that there was nothing nice about it.  We had a "fab" room which they gave us begrudgingly after the first "Jr. suite" they gave us was totally unacceptable. The jr. Suite had a "bedroom"  with only a bed-no TV-no dresser-nothing (and that was the nice part)-so after they moved us they gave us this "fab room" which was anything but.  It was small, had a gross old bathroom, didn't have a mini bar or refrigerator, nor any upgrade that I saw.   On top of that this casino lacked the air filter system that other newer casinos had and was full of smoke that practically choked us and was impossible to spend any time in.   Also, their employees seemed totally unaware of where they worked.  We constantly asked people where things were in the hotel and not a single employee could answer our questions.   For example we saw on the hotel map a burger/sports bar located somewhere in the hotel.  We asked several people who worked there (dealers, security guards, etc) where it was and not a single person could tell us. We later found out it was closed for remodeling and no one knew...do yourself a favor and spend a couple of more bucks at a nicer hotel.  It will make your trip so much better....
2	Positive:- great location on the strip.-  reasonable prices for rooms.- remodeled/updated fo rooms were very nice.-  wedding chappel manager was able to pull off my anniversary gift for my husband in a very short span of time.- wildlife habitat was pretty interesting.- margaritaville was pretty happening. - no resort fees.Negative:-  casino is smaller, even when the margaritaville casino is included.- very pushy timeshare people located throughout the casino, at every elevator, etc. hard sell and pressure to buy was way too much.- the rooms lacked sound insulation. the few times we wanted to take a nap at 2am, the room next door had a huge party that sounded like it was right in our room and this carried on for hours for several nights.- never had a warm shower while there. No matter what time of day or night, the water pressure was low and water never got better than luke warm. - they could use a better selection of restaurants. We ate at hamada of japan and margaritaville. Nothing special. went to planet hollywood for better restaurants.- wi fi is $15 a day for in your room. if you want to use wi fi on their extended property, it is $25 per day. It is a decent value for the money if you can overlook the negatives.
3	We stayed here last month and had a pretty good time.  We chose this hotel because it was close to where our friends were staying, but at half the price.  This is a great location on the strip, almost right in the middle of it all.  I have always heard about the Flamingo, and decided to give it a shot.  I've grown to understand you don't stay in Vegas for the hotel room, cause you're not in it very often.  I will say this, the bathroom is very small, so if you're with a couple girls, it may be kind of hard for them all to get ready at the same time.  We stayed in the standard room, so the price was really nice, which made me feel pretty good about it being mediocre.  We actually ended up staying one more day than we had planned, however we switched hotels.  I would definitely recommend this to college kids on a budget or someone else who enjoys spending most their time outside the room in Vegas.
3	This is an older hotel. The filtration isn't great so the smell of smoke is all around you. For the price, it is great. The location is really wonderful. Across from Caesar's, just down from Bellagio, Paris and Planet Hollywood, Mirage, etc. The buffet was just okay. They have decent sized gift shop with a great "grocery" section. It connects to Margarita-ville as well. The pool is beautiful. My friend got married in front of the waterfalls so I got to check out the pool area and it is really nice. Large, lots of deck space and they have some private bed type cabanas. The rooms were standard. Nothing special but not horrible. The bed was comfortable but the tv had really bad reception. If you can, use the Executive Shuttle to and from the airport. It was only $7 pp, one way compared to the $17.70 I paid for a taxi one way. If you are into buffet's, get the 24 hour pass. You can visit 6 buffet's in 24 hours. They must have messed up because we started our 24 hours Friday at 7pm and were still able to use it Sunday at 7 pm. Not complaining!
1	This hotel is in dire need of a refurb.  I was pleased to walk up and only wait in line 3 minutes to check in at 11:30 a.m.  Well, I now know why.  First, they charge an early check in fee.  I was in the hotel industry for 10 years and this was my first experience with such a thing.  To avoid this $28 early check in fee, I was given the option of paying $30 to upgrade to their hip "GO" rooms over their substandard rooms.  I say substandard, cause the last time I stayed in one, I wouldn't walk on the carpet barefoot.  Needless to say, the upgrade wasn't worth $30.  Holes in the lamp shades, burnt out bulbs through out the room, an ironing board the was bent and contorted to the point of uselessness, closet doors with broken latches so they wouldn't stay closed, a rattling air conditioner that never cooled the room colder than 74 degrees no matter the temp it was set on and the topper, a testing of their Emergency Life System over the loud speakers at 7:04 a.m.  By the way, did I mention I was staying there for free besides the $30 I paid for the "GO" room?  I won't be staying there again for $30 or for free.  Oh yea, I just found that they charged my credit card $103 for something.  That should be fun phone call.This place is a dump...
3	The Flamingo is what it is:  one of the original strip hotels trying to keep up with the never ending crop of new, ultra-modern hotels.  The flamingo succeeds on some levels:  full amenities, clean rooms, recent redesign.  It mostly fails though.   Service is poor, casino floor is dingy, the rooms are not up to par with neighboring hotels, and dining/nigh life offerings are poor.  Margaritaville is a nice try, but it comes off as dated and cheesy.  Flamingo is centrally located though and the rooms are nice.  The value is high too (relatively cheap).  Not a bad choice and MUCH better than the Imperial Dungeon.
1	Well, here goes...The last, I mean the LAST, time I stayed here, I had to wait 45 minutes in line to check in. With my key in hand, I went upstairs to my room, only to discover someone else was living there. Seriously!I mean, the basic covenant with renting a hotel room is supposed to be, you get your own room! Right?As for the casino, it is nothing special. The pit bosses are generally pissed at life, and no employees are in the mood for any fun. If you want a engaging positively charged environment, head next door, in either direction, to Bill's, Margaritaville, or even O'Sheas.
4	I love the GO rooms. I've stayed here twice and both times had an amazing view of the strip. The only thing that sucks is that I do not have cell phone service in the hotel for some reason. Not sure if its sprint or what. Anyway i will stay here again!
2	Upon first glance, I was impressed. For a supposedly "old" hotel, the Flamingo was surprisingly clean and brightly lit. And to my surprise -- it was crackin! The casino was always filled, people milling about.Unfortunately, my high hopes soon fled after realizing there was no level of customer service. When we went to check in on late Friday night, the line was long and took forever. Now, I understand being an avid Vegas goer--lines will be long on Friday. But I'm amazed at how little concierges were available to welcome a heavy traffic flow. There were about three concierges total, by far the lowest I've seen at any hotel. It took far longer than necessary to get through.Rooms were surprisingly new...until you got to the bathroom. There is also no coffee pot (they charge you $12 through room service if you want one...$12!!!) and no microwave. If you want a cot, they charge you $33/night. -__- When we asked for our rooms to be cleaned, they never came. Our sink got clogged, and guest services promised one to be sent over promptly. So we went out, expecting our rooms to be cleaned and sink unclogged. Neither was the case. Someone came 5 hours later to unclog our sink...wow.Then we went back to the front desk to ask for a set of extra keys. We were the only people in line but it took a good 10 minutes for someone to acknowledge us. When we neared the desk, a nearby concierge told us to back away because the lady he was helping was taking out her credit card (understandable). Then I heard him chuckle to her, "they were standing just a little too close! Can't be standing that close!" Yes, because the first thing on our minds is identity theft.If it weren't for the cheap rates that particular weekend, I would have been far more unhappier. Although my main purpose in Vegas is not chillin' in my room, I expected better from an establishment that supposedly boasts hospitality.
3	Stayed at The Flamingo Last weekend and upgraded to the "Fab-Room." Okay, Prob still better than a standard or deluxe room. but not as flashy as the "Go-Rooms." Hardwoord floor (laminate) through out. and the Bathroom was a litte more spacious. Nothing to brag about really. Flat screen TV maybe a 32 inch? and we didnt get a couch, we got an arm chair. The Go Rooms and the Mini Suite both had a couch. good thing we only had 4 people! I would say it's worth the upgrade but the Go Room is Much better.
2	Stayed here 3/6/12-3/8/12Got the room comped, 1st time staying here. NASCAR was in town this Sunday and it was a long line to check in.  I say roughly 40-50 people in line and about 5-7 people working the front desk.  Our room was at the Habitat Tower so it was a long ways to get to.  Rooms were decent but the beds were not "Queen" sized.  More like Full.  Dont think we stayed in an updated room.  The good things are that it was smack in the middle of the strip.  Walking distance to everything.  And at time of check out they have kiosks for express check out on the right.  I think it was a manager who helped me check out.  Very patient white man, being I never tried the kiosk check out.  I like more of the piece and quiet type of place so definetely not staying here next time.  I will for sure stay at my Time Share at the Cancun Resort South of the strip.  Very peaceful and super friendly staff.  If you are the party type I would recommend this place.
4	Me and my husband went for a mini valentines getaway.  We arrived at the Flamingo around 9pm the line was a bit long it must have been  20 minutes wait. However the long wait is so worth it.  I ask the guy if they can give us a  'good room' , he said just a moment i will ask my manager. After about 3 minutes he came out and said the manager approved to upgrade our room to a mini suite at the 27th floor. We paid about $38 per night for a mini suite.  Its awesome!!The room has a classic look, old furnitures, old TV, king size bed with old white headboard. Big  bathroom with a tub. A vanity mirror , and nice toiletries.There is a big living room with classic furnitures and carpet that is so 70's i felt like im living in a different generation.The view of our room is the pool area and the newer tower that is pink. The place is massive and it is such a wonderful experience.  Thank you Flamingo for the upgrade you made us very very happy.  I will definitely go back to your hotel.
4	My friends and I stayed at Flamingo during a spring break trip.  Best part was the price.  Really affordable and even cheaper in the beginning of the week.  The customer service during booking and check in was really good.  If you don't want to wait in the long line during check-in, become a rewards member and you will get through much faster.  The pool was nice but only one was open during our stay.  It looked like there were two others with water slides and a lazy river.  Awesome!  Too bad we didn't get to use it.  They have real flamingos and other birds walking around which was pretty cool to see.  I would only give the buffet 2 stars, but the buffet pass allows you to eat at the other ones that are better.  I would totally stay here again.  Even though we had a basic room, it was everything we needed.  Who hangs out in the room when you are in Vegas anyway?
3	For what we paid I am satisfied but would stay some place nicer next time. Most of the staff was friendly. We asked for double beds but got a king size bed and they wouldn't let us switch, even when my bffl called and told them we weren't prepared to spend an intimate evening together. The rooms are a little tacky, I felt like a hooker was going to knock on our door a any moment. Also, the bathroom was a sliding door and it didn't have a lock and you could see the silhouette of the person in the bathroom.
2	Cheap rooms and gross. Really smoky and paper thin walls. Price is good, but didn't make for a good Vegas experience. Considering how cheap the other hotels are I'd stay at another place.
4	We love staying at the Flaming Hotel. It's nice and no one tries to knock down the door at 8am trying to get into clean. The only issues I had were: no "Do Not Disturb" sign (had to make our own), they did not resupply us with clean glasses, no free WIFI, and no pen or notepad to write on. Other than those three, we had a nice stay. Hopefully we can stay an extra day to enjoy the pool area.
4	Wow for young person, I really like this place. People keep saying that it is where all the old people stay. Well I wonder why? It is cheap and in the middle of the strip... walk-able distance to XS and Marquee.  Shoot... for a person who hates exercising, I actually walked to Circus Circus and Mandalay bay. haha. Okay Let's Break it Down with the Pros first:Pros: -SO CHEAP. I paid $80 for two nights and three days-small but it's a fun casino...won $240 whoo!-new CRAPS machine just put in 3 days ago (there's not much pressure here where people dont stare at you and hoping you dont roll a 7...plus i always get scared of throwing the dice across the table and ending up hitting someone in the face..)-the garden right outside the entrance to the hotel rooms....is BEAUTIFUL. there's a huge koi pond and the koi fish is HUGE. and of course there's flamingos!!Cons:-ghetto ass elevator (in the parking garage)..smells like pee-elevator inside the hotel is okayyyy....not really a con. made me sick though-blanket is not thick enough. looks like a regular sheet but a little thicker. and theres this other blanket that is made of fur and colored pink. kinda gross looking. reminds me of a dead flamingo on the bed or somethingwell yeah I dont really care if this place is old...i saved tons of money! its not like imma live in that hotel for 3 days straight. Im only there to sleep so its perfect!!
4	I really love this hotel. I think it's a perfect blend of old school and well....new school.The GO rooms are amazing and you will love them. If you step down to the casino you'll feel like it's the 90's. See old and new.The pools have slides. I always have the best time at their pool area.It's cheap to stay AND you are centrally located AND if you go next door you can grab Subway or Burger King and cheap drinks. Love it!
3	I'll be honest, if I could have afforded a room at the Wynn, Bellagio, The Palazzo or The Venetian I would have been laying my head there at night after my long days of eating, walking, shopping and eating some more while I was in LV. Because I was on a budget (I wanted to spend all my money on food) on my most recent trip to Vegas I decided to find the best hotel deal while still being in the middle of all the action. After lots of searching, Flamingo provided my wife and I the best deal.We checked in on a Wednesday evening and checked out on a Sunday. For all those days in one of their Fab Deluxe rooms with hardwood floors, a king size bed with an extra soft pillow top and a HD flat screen TV, it only cost us around $340 or so. Not a bad deal at all considering it was the week of Valentine's Day. I wasn't too happy about the $14 a day charge for the wi-fi and the fact that our room didn't have a fridge but I got over it pretty quickly. Even though this Hotel is not as fancy as some of the others, I really enjoyed my stay here. All the employees I encountered were super friendly. The Flamingo is pretty much in the center of the strip so everything is just a hop, skip and a jump away. I would definitely stay here again.
3	The Flamingo is a decent older casino! They are always upgrading some piece of it and seem to be getting it right for most part!  If the food was better this is an easy 4 stars because of the incredible location on the strip and the value....but I will be honest...the food SUCKS!!!  Stay here cheap and eat somewhere else is my recommendation. The rooms: Many have been upgraded but the bathrooms seem to be off the remodel list!  It takes 15 minutes for hot water to come out, even after they fixed it!! And those shower heads, oh my , 1970's originals! My GO room though was nice inside .. I liked the look and the view from the 19th floor!  Wood  floors , very clean, Ipod hookup. Be warned though the walls are paper thin. I could hear the  old couple next to me farting as they arose at 6:15am. I actually thought they were even showering in my room!! If your gonna have a sexual adventure, just know that every room around you may be hearing the fun! Families with kids, or friends looking to party before bed, same problem. The Flamingo pool is really great! With flamingos even included! Waterfalls, slides, palm trees, its very nice! Totally love it! The shopping in casino is limited. The sportsbook is fine. This is either a warning or good news for some of those out there, but hookers seemed to be plentiful around the bars located throughout property, the solicitations can get annoying. Couple of guys were even followed to room elevators. It is Vegas.  The casino itself seems to always be busy! I really enjoy the craps tables and the personnel in charge of them! They are always a blast!! They have a nice high roller area, lots of slots, and the drink ladies are always around! Table limits are very reasonable at the Flamingo. The Flamingo's air filteration system does not throw out nice smelling fragrance like Aria, you are gonna smell smoke! The doors are always open at the entrance to casino on the Bills Casino side, and enjoy the beautiful Black Jack  dealers that await you!The food! AVOID!! The fast food area.....ughghhhghgh......The buffets....honestly the worst..The steakhouse, why call it that?  ...anyway I think you get the point! Praying that the new Carlos and Charlies thats opening soon is a huge success with good food!!! NOW an important hint when checking in. When checking into the Flamingo the lines at all hours of the day are quite large. I find them the worst in Vegas. Not sure why , but it has always been this way for years and years. New though!! And this is huge!! If you are a Total Rewards member, you can bypass the check in line and go to  the new kiosks located to the right of check in desk. Have your id, your cc, your rewards card ready. I checked in within 3 minutes! It even prints your room cards for you!!!  Its $14 if you want internet/per day at the Flamingo.Enjoy the Flamingos location , cheap rooms, and pool!!  Good luck!
3	My friend and I spent last weekend in Vegas, at the Flamingo.  Our "upgraded" room wasn't nearly as nice as I expected...yes, it looked like the picture, but the materials used were cheaper than they appeared, and the furniture was scuffed.  The bed was too stiff, and so were we when we got up each morning.  Pillows were also too hard and stuffed.  Parking was also difficult when we left on Saturday for a few hours and had to drive around the parking structure several times to find a spot.  Even Valet parking was full.I did NOT appreciate having my cell phone's internet BLOCKED while inside the hotel, either.  They probably do that so they can get you to pay for Wi-Fi.  Other casinos didn't block my access while I was inside gambling, but I had to go outside or off property to look up directions or get to Facebook.  No bueno!It wasn't a bad experience, but I think we could have done better for the price.
4	Go- rooms are a go. Sexy lighting in the bathroom, nice shower, awesome chaise lounge, very comfortable bed, and nice flat screens (one in the bathroom too). This is going to be my place to stay from now on when I'm in Vegas. The Flamingo is right on the Strip and the gambling isn't too expensive either. The only downside? Super annoying long check in and loud air conditioning in the room. Otherwise, love it!
4	Located on the Strip between Bally's and Harrah's and across from Caesar's Palace, the Flamingo is one of the best values on the Strip, especially because there are no resort fees added to your bill!I've been here twice so far. Both times we booked GO Deluxe with View rooms. Recently renovated, small fridge included, comfy beds, cool decor, Strip views. Only downside is the opaque glass door to the bathroom, which lights up the room at night unless you want to wear night vision goggles while you use the facilities. You can only see a person's shadow through the doors unless the person presses up against them (we tested it).
1	Stayed here for two nights. Room wasn't properly cleaned before we got there - empty beer bottle in the room, bathroom half cleaned, ice bucket full of water, and the kicker - mold growing in the trash cans. They sent up security to take a statement about the mold, not sure what that's going to do, but I guess if we get some sort of weird illness, we know why. An apology or free something would have been nice, but I guess that isn't their style.
3	I just got back from Vegas yesterday afternoon, We stayed at The Flamingo for 4 days and 3 nights. Our room was nice, there was no real comforter or heavy blanket on the bed, just a fuzzy pink bacon strip that went along the bottom of the bed. Our room was only cleaned once, but that was our fault due to forgetting to take down our "do not disturb" sign. They even called asking why we haven't let anyone in to clean. One night I noticed our remote had no batteries, so i called the front desk and they brought a new remote all together.Our room was #9133 and the ENTIRE time we heard constant water running in between the walls, like we must have heard every time any on on our floor flushed their toilet.  We thought about switching rooms but, decided we were too hungover to care.The showers got nice and hot, but there was no fan in the bathroom. Our view was cool, we got to see the court yard with all the pretty  flamingos outside. . . also some construction work.The pizza spots in the Flamingo were pretty good. The one inside the actually food court was pretty bomb! and cheap! drinks ran pricey. spent 23$ on 2 vodka sodas and 1 whiskey coke. The pool was too packed to enjoy so we used the pool at Harrah's.
1	Our experience was so bad that we are suing the Flamingo in small claims to get our money back!Once we arrived, we were delighted to wait 30 minutes in line just to check in. Then, during the 2 mile trek from the desk to the elevator, we were hit-on by an employee trying to sell us a time share! But that was nothing compared to what would come.Upon entering the room, we quickly realized that the heater would not work. Then, we realized there was no hot water. So we decided to call the desk for help...but the phone didn't work either! After many tries on our cell, we finally got thru and an engineer came out. He fixed the heater, but not the hot water.We are patient people, so we we tried again the next day. Again, an engineer came out. He informed us that the hot water in this floor never works. After much wasted time and effort, we got a NEW ROOM. What could go wrong now?Well, the new room's toilet didn't like to flush. At all. So we called, once again, for help. The engineer fixed it. But of course, it broke again the next day. That's a lot of unflushed human waste, my friend.DO NOT STAY HERE. Its an overpriced, dilapidated, embarrassment to Las Vegas.
5	Okay...I am giving this place 5 stars.  Not because it is the biggest and best hotel I have ever stayed at, but because the sheer number of things that you have to do. There is much construction going on right now, so I am expecting this place to get bigger and better as time goes on.  I also like that they have not fallen into the resort fees none sense that everyone else is doing.   I truly wish they had free wifi!  The hotel is really a high 4 rating, because of minor things that could be coming in the future, but I am comfortable giving it a 5.Let me start off by saying that I did not get a chance to do everything that is in this place.  I really do not have the time or resources to splurge to that level!  If you are not a member, sign up for the FREE PROGRAM of total rewards, or something of that nature.  You get so many discounts just for being in the program, plus you have your own line waiting on you to check in.  You start off as a Gold member, but as you progress, you get more perks, of course.  The card is used at many hotels and casinos. I must have stayed in a King Go-Room because my room was awesome.  Nice lounge chair thingy in the room.  Ultra comfortable king bed with nice comforter on it.  The air condition works heavenly.  Nice sized television with dvd player and external stereo system.  Spacious.  Standing showing and detached tub.  Nicely designed sink.  Television in the bathroom, behind the mirror.  This room had everything you needed, except a microwave!  Outside the room, you are going to have many types of alcohol and ways to gamble...being that it is Vegas, that is a given.  I did like that this hotel had some great main acts just an elevator ride away from your room, inside the establishment.  They even gave away many types of show tickets, via a DJ, at the pool!  The pool area is really nice with a huge swimming pool with waterfalls and a slide that was not in operation yet.There is a quality buffet, that was kind of pricey, but with your total rewards card, you get a discount on that as well.  There was always a huge variety of items to choose from, but given that I am from New Orleans, no foods were spiced as if you were in New Orleans!  Take that aside from the food experience, some things were seasoned well enough to get a couple of smiles out of me.  The tell the chef what type of pasta you want option was cool, just like the build your omelet option for breakfast.  The dessert menu was pretty decently sized with two types of ice cream cones to go, as well as cotton candy to go.  Fondue pots and a build your own fresh crepe option was a nice touch.It is called the Flamingo hotel because you actually do have flamingos and other birds on the property.  You can see them while dining at the buffet.  If you go outside, on your way to the pool even, you can see them a lot closer.  Huge fish and turtles are found throughout the waters with the many types of different birds and waterfalls.I can go on and on about this hotel and the excellent set up, but I leave you with this, plenty of high quality shows, drinks, food options and fun in this hotel.  There is even a special place for your dog to do his business!  Check it out for yourself and see for yourself.
3	Location, .Location, Location. I stayed for 3 nights with two girlfriends and we had a blast. The room was nice, clean, and the my favorite part: Affordable. It is in the middle of the strip right next to all the big casinos. I'm personally not the type of person that stays in a hotel for the majority of my vacation. So this place fit all my needs. I would gamble and eat elsewhere, but if you just need a place to crash this is the place to stay.
1	Not good, wouldn't return.Location is about all The Flamingo hotel has going for it.Check-in was long. Once at the desk, our "upgraded room" (that was paid extra for) did not match the description as provided. We were instead placed facing the Imperial Palace hotel on the North side of the hotel. No view of The Strip or the pool, as boasted. Asked for another room and was awarded a lovely (sarcasm) room on the tenth floor with a great view (more sarcasm) of the roof of the casino and the back of the hotel's lighted signage. Bummed.The room was weird. The furniture was scuffed and the bed lacked blankets, just sheets and a weird pink furry deal at the foot of the bed. One of the room's two lamps was without a lightbulb and the bathroom lacked lighting altogether. There was a constant running water sound in the bathroom, as well as a sewage smell that remained throughout our stay. Two of our four towels has mystery stains on them. The fancy "ceiling to floor windows" were unclean and spotty. The "hardwood floors" were a cheap laminate that was dusty and weird.The walls between rooms are either super thin or this place attracts loud patrons. Either way, we were awakened at 8:00 a.m. one morning by a loud woman's voice from an adjacent room and at 9:15 a.m. another by a maid who entered as she was knocking. Who's awake that early in Vegas?!The elevators displayed some lovely tagging as scratched into the metal interior. The Shining-esque hallways provided discolored and worn carpet with occasional ripples, ideal for trip hazards. The pool closed super early...5:00 p.m. And hotel guests were not permitted to take pool towels out of the pool area, instead you dry off in the gateway and drop your towel. I get that this is an older hotel, but judging by the fees we (over)paid for our stay, they have the funds to keep the place clean and fresh with some attention to be given to aesthetic upkeep and improvement. I was disappointed.
2	This hotel needs major updating and improvements.  They said that they redid the rooms from the Safari rooms to the FAB Deluxe, but the only things changed were a chair,  tv and  bedding. Definitely did not match the picture on the internet.  Also the carpet in the halls were so bad that they were bunching up and causing people to trip. The good thing about this hotel is that it is centrally located on the strip and was clean enough for these reasons I would stay there again, unless I could find another hotel centrally located with a comparable price.  The Bellagio and Ceasar's is just to expensive.
4	Great hotel!! The rooms are very clean and it's close to everything - you're literally on the strip itselfI'm giving them 4 out 5 stars just because I was staying on the 22nd floor and the cell reception wasn't that good and they didn't have free wifi.other than that - a great hotel!!!
1	You dont get what you pay for. The Hotel is old and cheaply made but prices are extremely high. The internet pictures of the room are not even close compared to reality. Bathroom was dirty and not fully fixed (holes in the floor). Bathroom made a noisy sound even if we did not use it. The waiting lines at the pool were ridiculous. They dont allow to bring a water to the pool but want you to buy one and I had to pay for sunscreen 17bucks! I asked 2 staff members were the fitness center is and was not able to get an answer due to language issues. It would help if they speak english. If you want inernet you have pay 24.99 per day (wireless) or 13 if you use just one computer via cabel. No breakfast indcluded. The smell is indescribable bad all over the place. This hotel and service sucks big time. Stay away!!!
3	Vinnie Favorito!Did not stay here but came here for my very first comedy show and they happen to be free tickets* (I'll explain later) we received for attending one of those timeshare hard sell things. Vinnie put out a good show if you like lots of swearing and picks on every nationality, preference, category there is. There is participation from the audience. In our show he picked on the Blacks, Whites, Mexicans, Asians, Jews, Europeans, American Indians... the President, military, service workers - firefighters, cops... students, men, women, old, young... pretty much everyone. He's got a good memory and will pick you out from the audience especially if you're in the front section. * The tickets were given to us free but you have to pay for two drinks.. So a small bottle of water and a glass of soda (Sprite) came out to $31. That was the sucky part :(
3	Dear Flamingo - Thank you for being so good to me during my stay in Las Vegas. I stayed on the 16th floor in a pretty standard room (ie: there was no bizarre white patent leather headboard...thank goodness). My view was a.ma.zing. We overlooked the Bellagio fountains - what?! Trip - complete.But really - This hotel has a bumping casino, multiple places to eat (umm the buffet options are reason enough to stay here), a great location (practically in the middle of the strip). It's not the prettiest hotel by any means - but it does have history - which should count for something in a city where things get ripped down/replaced pretty easily.  Oh - and none of my friends staying at Mandalay Bay could claim that they had Donnie & Marie airbrushed onto the side of their hotel...I know they were jealous.Many thanks - and see you next time.
3	Definitely not the most upscale or fanciest hotel on the strip... it's actually one of the older ones! However, we booked a day before check in and found a great deal for one-night... $40!! The room was adequate for our stay and their customer service was nice. Out TV wasn't working so they comp'd our internet service for our stay.Great location, nice rooms and reasonable prices.. no complaints here.
4	Make it a GO ROOM. It's awesome. I red a few reviews about this hotel here and I was a little sceptical to go. Finally we decided to book the GO ROOMS. We had 10 rooms and no complains.Service was nice, rooms were ok (could be a little cleaner) but the best of all: this hotel was packed with a young crowd ready to partyyyyyyy. Right in the middle of the strip. One of the best pools in Vegas. What do you want more?I loved it and it will probably stay at the same hotel next time...
3	We booked the renovated Go Room and it was better than we expected.  The decor was modern and had a  Denon hi-fi system in the room!  Bathroom had a bathtub and a shower.  Reasonably clean.  I wasn't too crazy about the strange smell in the casino (felt like bathroom air freshener!), but hey with the price and its unbeatable central location, it was a good deal!  Plus you're in Vegas, you wouldn't want to just stay in your room or your own hotel!
5	I just stayed here for four nights for a blogger meetup (what up BiSC!), and we all had an amazing time in large part due to the incredible staff over at the flamingo. NOTE: if you read none of this review, just remember this one thing: there are pulled pork nachos over sweet potato fries available twenty four hours a day in, i think, the topical breeze cafe. that is what i call foresight, people. our GO rooms were incredibly hot (i did stay in one of the other rooms on wednesday night and i definitely recommend the GO rooms instead). the curtains have little switches next to the bed to motorize them, so you can fall asleep looking at the view, but when the sun pierces your brain at 8 am, you can shut the curtains without getting up. also, foresight. tv in the bathroom mirror, super hot shower (sad that i only discovered the jets on the last day but THERE ARE JETS), separate bath. we had a pool day with a section of daybeds, sweet bartenders (who mix a damn fine drink), and, well, yes. NOTE: if you get there before 11 AM there is a breakfast burrito to be had. overall, incredible. so happy with everything :)
2	If you want a decent room close to the other major casinos on The Strip, the Flamingo is for you. Stayed 2 nights May 14-16 comped. The check-in line was really long for 10:30 am. We stood in line for a minute before I saw they TR line (they have a man standing next to the line telling people they could check out using the kiosk, but for some reason he never mentioned the TR line).  We were able to check-in in the empty Total Rewards line (thank goodness). Room was clean and the bed was comfortable. The garden area is really nice to sit in and have a drink. The food options are kind of slip. They do have a over priced food court (I guess its not that over priced for Vegas), buffet, and a few other restaurants. Also, the cellphone reception is HORRIBLE!!!!!!  I could not make any calls in my room. Not my favorite hotel out of all the Caesars hotels though. I doubt I would stay there again if I have other rooms comped. There was just something I didn't like about it. But, if you want a reasonably priced room its a good hotel.Tip:If you are a Total Rewards member you don't have to wait in the regular check-in line. There is a separate line for TR right next to the check-in. Also, there are kiosk set up for check-in/check-out.
5	This review is for their pool..It's beautiful with free towel service, great music and cute flamingos.
1	Their standard excuse for everything.....we are undergoing renovation.  When it comes to having no working light switch in your room and the over head towel bar falling on your head in the shower that is NO EXCUSE.  These rooms should not even be rented out.   (Especially at $100 and $190 a night) In addition, there was no available hotel parking for hotel guests (not even valet parking) and the bell hop that was supposed to help us with our luggage (before driving the car  to Ballys to park) never showed up.  Try asking to speak to a hotel manager......after 10 minutes they are still on the phone (probably avoiding speaking to angry hotel guests).
1	I have been staying at the Flamingo Las Vegas for years.  I always enjoyed the "old school" feel that this place brought.  Plus, the pool is awesome!  I made a reservation four months prior to my arrival May 18.  I reserved two Queens as I was going to have four people in my room this time.  Upon check in, I was told I wasn't guaranteed two queens????  Why make a reservation?  Wasn't four months enough time?  I went back and forth with the Hotel Check In lady.  I kept it professional, but she did not.  After all I did receive my two queens, but what would have happended if there wasn't two available?  I would have lost it.  I told the lady, "if I make a reservation well in advance to tailor to my needs and you cannot guarantee my request?  Maybe I need to look at a different property then."  She replied, "Maybe so sir!"  That was the last straw!  I will never ever stay here again.  I will only stay in Tahoe when i get free rooms.  When I come back to LV and it is quite often, I will start staying at the Wynne, Cosmopolitan or the Aria.  DO NOT STAY HERE, poor customer service and it just seems that they do not give a damn any longer!  If the pool is what you are looking for, pay the $15 entry fee.  Or, do what I am going to do.....hit up Marquee at the Cosmo!!!!!!!!
2	Stayed at the Flamingo Hotel over the Memorial Day weekend, Sunday and Monday was okay.  6:30 am of Tuesday we were awaken by sound of jackhammers!!! There is a construction site next to the hotel. And the best part is at 9:00 am, no water!!! There was a water issue in most of the towers at the hotel and they are looking at it getting fixed in 3 hours. The front desk advised us to take a shower at the fitness center but there they run out of hot water. Continued on with our check out at 11 am. We will never stay at the Flamingo Hotel ever again.
4	Wow, great price for a weeknight stay -- less than $40/night for a room with 2 queen beds. The location is very convenient.  It was an excellent value.  When you're in Vegas, you probably aren't spending most of your time in a hotel room, so who cares if it's not fancy-schmancy?The room decor was way cheesy (pink-and-gray everything!), but the room seemed clean.My fam ate at the Flamingo hotel buffet for breakfast - they don't recommend it.  You can get a better AND cheaper breakfast buffet if you just go to the Bellagio.
5	I love this hotel. Pink everywhere!!!!The Go Rooms with a view are the best. The lighting in the bathrooms is fun, the shower is to die for, and the view of the Bellagio fountains is breathtaking. The rooms can be a bit pricey but they are so worth it.FAB rooms are ok...they're cute. Slippery floors, outdated bathrooms, comfy beds, decent view of Caesar's. Love the old Vegas pictures on the wall.Deluxe rooms are crap. Nothing else to say about that.As far as location on the strip goes, you can't get any better. Smack dab in the middle of everything.Customer service at the front desk is very hit and miss. I can only imagine that dealing with obnoxious drunk people is a little difficult ;-) The pool is ok. A lot of people think it is one of the best pools. I tend to lean towards MGM Grand's pool complex...much,much better.I am a big fan of the casino. More pink!!!! And always full of entertainment.The buffet is ok. Not the best food but the views of the waterfall and flamingos make it worthwhile to go at least once.
4	Second best pool in Las Vegas!  Pay the $20, commit to being here all day, and drink the overpriced drinks while 80's and 90's hits are blast from the speakers.  They won't let you bring in your own alcohol (they are nice about it, but they do check), and the pools are fun and creative.  There's one for kids especially, and there's one for adults as well as a water slide.We did the massage at the Spa in the Flamingo!  Pretty outstanding.
3	Stayed 5 days at the Flamingo with a friend in a luxury GO room with view on the strip. As described, the room was renovated, and the view of the strip was amazing. Good: swimming pool is one of the best in vegas, cheap gym (took 3 day pass), many "fast" restaurant, middle of the action. Bad: carpet dirty on my floor, bad decoration in my room (i understand that it is flamingo and it is supposed to be kitsch but that wallpaper was just too ugly and didnt really match with the rest), kinda expensive for what we got.
1	I booked a nice weekend. So I thought. Worst hotel I have ever stayed at. First I waited over an hour to stand in line to check in. Only to find out I was early and they wanted to charge me 35 bucks. The clerk proceeded to tell me that if I didnt want to pay I could check my bags at the bell desk and wait in another line for 45 mins!!! I then decided to order a cocktail from the hotel. I then brought the cocktail to the pool and was not allowed in the pool area with a drink I purchased from their own hotel!!! I was very unhappy that the pools were grouped by age!!! The pool was the main reason we booked here to find out my child that is 12 had to stay in the kid area with a baby slide! I got up the next morning to get coffee from the coffee shop inside the hotel and I have never been treated so rude and had to reapeat my order 3 times and it was still messed up and because they messed up my drink and forgot the Hazelnut they made me pay an additional 50 cents to add it which I had already paid . I WILL NEVER STAY AT THIS HOTEL AGAIN! WORST VACATION EXPERIENCE EVER!!!
5	Flamingo Las Vegas Hotel and Casino stay between May 24-28:Thank you Flamingo staff and my personal VIP total experiences group host, Sheri Schreiber -Total Experiences/VIP Manager 3570 Las Vegas Blvd. South; Las Vegas, NV 89109 - Direct 702.731.7451 | Office 702.731.7238sschreiber@caesarspalace.com | Fax 702.888.1835 Now to details. Over arguably the busiest weekend of the year, nothing was missed. I had more than 10 rooms assigned to my birthday party. Every request and detail was fulfilled. I needed some people to be in adjoining rooms and others I just wanted on my floor. It worked well. I am so pleased with how well everything worked out. Seriously, if I had to do it all over again, I wouldn't change a thing.  Sheri was really comforting, understanding and resourceful.  She was challenged by the fact that I knew the landscape of Vegas more than most tourists - but she still was willing to go the extra mile in any and every circumstance. Hotel Room:  All of the resort rooms have now been updated to Fab rooms. They have hardwood floors and I believe the bathrooms have not been updated, but seriously it's a bathroom - if you spend too much time in here - you are doing the wrong things in Vegas. The bed was comfy and the AC worked well. I was very pleased given that I stayed here like 5 years ago for a wedding and I wasn't happy. This time I am so happy to see the improvements they've made. Pool: What can I say about the pool which hasn't already been said?  It is just fun and you will have a great time.  I like the fact that you can have a spot to party your a$$ off and you can also find a place to lay low and relax. Food:  We didn't eat inside Flamingo so we can't comment on this. In the past, we have enjoyed food at Margaritaville. You won't go wrong there for food or a party environment or both. Gambling: The tables are the standard going rates for middle of the strip.Valet/self-parking:  This is a super busy weekend, but I was very disappointed how many times the valet was full unless you are a seven-star member (gambling/entertainment card through Harrah's) I will do this again in a heartbeat.  Don't read the older reviews - read this one and know it is completely accurate. This hotel has learned from the past and they have invested a good amount of money to make it better. Lastly, they were smart to use self-checking kiosks because the lines at times were extremely long - just a tip if you want to bypass the regular check in line. Have a great time and be sure if you have a group event - reach out to Sheri - thanks again!
3	I asked for a smoking room when I booked my reservation. Yet, a smoking room was not available when I checked in, which is weird because I thought the whole point of making reservations for a particular room was so it would be RESERVED particularly for me! Luckily I didn't go all Seinfeld on her and just took my non-smoking room with an artificial smile that wasn't fooling anyone.Aside from that little mishap:+Super cute Go Rooms :) +Express Check-out by phone is convenient -Bathtub in Go Rooms too small-Check-in lines are ridiculous-No "Do Not Disturb" placards for the door, thus, in the morning, I was disturbed. grrrr
2	Great rooms, great friendly dealers, HOWEVER, when I come to Vegas and spend thousands I expect at least a free show or a meal. For some reason HARRAHS PROPERTIES are extremely stingy and greedy with comps. I went to the show I begged for tickets to and it was about 30% full!!!! They would rather have a half empty showroom than to make a customer happy with a couple of show tickets that cost them absolutely nothing!!! I'll take a downtown or local casino from now on!!!! They know how to treat a customer.
1	This place is horrible. We had two rooms and both of them had stopped up sinks. They came up to "fix" the problem but when they left it was worse! We stayed at this hotel during Memorial Day weekend and parking was horrible. We drove around the city for awhile and when we returned around 2:00am the parking garage was full and they said the spots left are for V.I.P only so we were forced to park a block way at Bally's :/ This happened 2 out of the 4 nights we were there. The rooms are dingy and very old. I will NEVER stay here again and if you want to have a great experience in Vegas you wouldn't stay here either.
4	This is a great bang for your buck on the middle of the strip.  Stayed here May 29-31 in a Fab Luxury Room.  Room was comped, but I know they are way cheap all the time.FOR THE PRICE, THIS IS WHY THIS PLACE IS AWESOME (people like to compare it to some 5 star resort, which it is not trying to be):*Rooms are clean an spacious.  Recently renovated with wood-look vinyl plank flooring.  Bathrooms were not updated, but are liveable for the short amount of time a normal personal would spend in there.  A/C worked great.  Flat screen TV.  *No resort fees* Perfect location on the strip, walking distance from all of the big casinos*The pools are so fun, great party atmosphere.  Probably not so much fun if you are just looking to relax.   Drinks are expensive, but that's expected at a pool on the strip in LV.Bummers:  No in-room coffee maker, my room was so far away from the elevator-I had to walk a mile to get to it, check in line is very long (unless you are a TR member or use the kiosks), internet is $13/day and they block signals from private air cards and such. All in all, this place is a steal.  I see the rooms going for $40/night sometimes.  You can't stay in a disgusting Motel 6 in a podunk town for that price!
3	Always fun in the casino, the history of this place is so special it's hard not to have fun
3	The overall of this hotel was wonderful.  There is live flamingos outside the garden.   It was lovely staying here for my 30th birthday. But one thing,  I am not happy about is the beauty salon downstairs. They charged an arm and a leg for a fill and pedi, well as back home,  I pay half a price. This lady DOES NOT know how to do nail,  paint,  put ayrilc and it chipped the next day. Never ever ever in my life or anybody's life should we goback there. Horrible service with beauty salon.
4	Stayed in the luxury go room and it was really nice for the price.  This isn't the Wynn people so don't expect as such.  But if you looking for a nice clean room for a decent price on the strip then this is the place.  Location is great as well. The pool was nice with separate  adult only and family friendly pools.
1	I have never in my life been to a hotel that will charge you for every little extra you can imagine.  $15 a day for internet/wi-fi access and $10 a day for access to the gym.  If you are on vacation for 4 days, do the math, it adds up quick.  And you pretty much need wi-fi access because neither me nor my wife could get a cell phone reception in our room even though we had windows facing outside.  Wait a year and pretty soon they will charge you for towels, the pool, and cleaning your room.  Oh, and this was our honeymoon, which the hotel did NOTHING special or comp'd us anything on our special occasion.
3	The general feel of the place is consistent: Nice, classy, but a bit outdated. The hotel is fine for what it is; I stayed in a Fab Deluxe room, which was pretty basic. We had a view of Flamingo Road, which included Bally's, Bill's, and a few other Strip resorts.The location is very good, as you're within walking distance of a bunch of places and there's a monorail station out back. The negatives are that the walls aren't very thick in the rooms (good luck sleeping through a weekend night without hearing people stagger down the hallways!), and the amenities are a bit limited. No, there aren't resort fees, but $14/day for Internet is steep.I like this place. The location's a plus, and it's a fun casino to gamble in. It's just unfortunate that it's showing its age a bit.
3	I had a mostly good experience, but turned into a mixed bag by a couple things.So I had to go to Vegas for work. Our convention was at Caesars. Obviously a great place, but after research, the Flamingo across the street was about $600 cheaper for 4 nights - worth it in my book! A+ for pricing!I dont gamble much (and was working), so cant comment o much on the casino part - but the fact at night, a lot of their dealers are dressed from their burlesque show in very sexy and provocative outfits - A+!The pool - very nice. a little loud on the (seemingly) constant Ke$ha playlist, but reasonably priced drinks, great scenery and a relaxing atmosphere The guest rooms - I liked them! a white/pink/steel motif. Very modern. Opaque glass sliding doors to the bathroom. a huge shower with jets that come out of the wall. Speakers in teh celing so you can lsiten to music or TV while you are getting ready... and speaking of TV, in addition tot he 42" plasma in the main room, there was one built into the mirror in the bathroom. kinda cool. Got to watch the US open while shaving!And the beds were SUPER comfortableSo you are probably wondering, with all these great things, why only 3 stars?Well, my room was not visited by housekeeping till the third day I was there (and only after I asked). A little disappointingAlso , I requested a king bed and got two doubles (which proved to be ok, since my bed was never made up by housekeeping!)can I make my own bed? Yes, do I need fresh towels? no. But this is part of being at a hotel, getting pampered a bitI guess it goes intot he 'get what you pay for" colum as wellwasnt quite as nice as othe rplaces, but a lot less expensiveif you have a budget trip to Vegas, definitely check them out. !
1	Was disappointed in this place. Our Go Room was terrible. There were stains on the floors that looked like someone threw up something red. The walls had black scuff marks all over them. The sofa was an ugly yellow brown and had nasty stains all over it . If there was that many stains that we could see, we shudder to think how much that we couldn't see. The bathroom was nice but the sink didn't drain  all that well. The fridge was like a little tin can stuffed under the desk. The casino was nice though and the so was the rest of the hotel but as for our room, extremely disappointed that was what their upgraded go room was.
4	Despite that checking in took forever (I know its Vegas, but this hotel seemed to take the longest) due to only two people checking us regular folk in and two people checking in the fancy/high roller people (that were few and far between), I would definitely stay here again. The rooms have be renovated and are great!. We stayed in a Fab Luxury Room and even though there were no pink curtain (I was kind of excited about that), the room was very nice, except for the super tiny bathroom. I'm not sure what the floor were made out of, but I was happy it was carpet, and the new floor made moving furniture really easy. So the bathroom...tiny and not updated. If you plan on staying here with your girlfriends, don't expect to all get ready in the bathroom, its nearly impossible to fit 2 people in there, but hey, its Vegas and you shouldn't be in your room that much anyway. There was no mini fridge and NO COFFEE MAKER! Also, if you like to get ready to music, you need to bring your own iPod dock. They have a crappy alarm clock/stereo that allows you to plug into your headphone jack on your iPod/iPhone/iTouch, but the sound quality is horrendous that you are better off using your speakers on your iWhatever.The pools are awesome and get crowded really early. If you can sneak drinks in, do it, otherwise expect to pay $15 for drinks or hit up their bucket special of Miller Lite for $5 for $25. They do have a DJ and dancers for entertainment.The location of this hotel on the Strip is perfect. The Bellagio, Planet Hollywood, and The Cosmopolitan are all right next door/across the street. Walking in your hooker heels to their Casino's and night clubs are totally doable!
4	owe.I recently just got back from a whirlwind 2 night stay in sin city. The flamingo is so nice!! I really would not have thought the rooms were so cute, with pink and black decor everywhere, as well as it appears the entire hotel may have been recently remodeled. The pool is the selling point. I had a couple of friends staying at the venetian and they both raved how much better our pool was (with plenty of eye candy you wont remember once your picking your self respect off the bathroom floor of an unidentified hotel room...FYI- the bathroom floors are like REALLY hard T_T) Maybe i havent been to vegas is a while but HOLY WHOLE IN MY WALLET, everything is expensive! The first night we went pretty hard and needed to grab some eats; we headed to carlos n charlies (i think because it was the first food place i saw out of the elevator...) and ordered a chicken quesadilla and a cheeseburger. That was a $42 dinner. The next day I enjoyed a $13 lunch (for panda express type stuff). Pretty redicOh, you cant bring outside food or drink to the pool, NO BUENO. The drinks are $17-$24. And even if you buy it in the 'souvenir' cup you cant bring that cup back in the next day, you have to get a new one. Thats pretty weak yo. I've also never experienced a louder hotel room. We were on the 17th floor and could hear the street traffic all night. The floors are hardwood so maybe that played a roll but it was an odd sound since most of those hotels have sound proof windows...All in all i really enjoyed my stay (that I can remember) and will return; probably soon since someones going to need to pay that VD bill from the doctor I will undoubtable have thanks to the pool. mmmm salty.
5	The pool is wetter than you could ever imagine...
2	I was really disappointed with my visit at the Flamingo. This was the second time I came since my sister was married at the hotel a few years ago, and since that was a good experience, we decided to come back. Now I can say, I will NEVER go back.We upgraded our rooms to a "suite"...and when we got to the room, it was no better than an old standard room with wood headboards...old paint...dirty mirrors. NOTHING SPECIAL TO IT AT ALL! The only reason they called it a suite was because it had wood floors that extended farther from the beds to the window and it was nothing but empty space. We complained... and we got switched to a GO room which they originally told us they didn't have.We misplaced a cell phone from the previous room we were upgraded to and we were told security would get us from our new room to retrieve it from the old one...security never came. We had to go to lost and found and the guy working was a complete asshole and made us feel like were were an inconvenience as he had to get up from his chair.During the cleaning of our room, the maids took some of our belongings. We called and complained and since one of our items was white, they told us were were Sh*t out of luck and we won't get it back while they laughed at us. Also, the pool was closed early (we tried to go at around 6 and 7)...ITS 100 degrees outside during summer and the pool is closed? WTF?The manager was no help whatsoever and didn't care that he lost our business. I will not be back. I would rather spend the extra money to go to a better hotel that provides better customer service. PS...YELP THE RESTAURANTS AT THE FLAMINGO BEFORE YOU GO! (Paris hotel has the best breakfast!)
4	We stayed at this hotel on the week of June 18, 2012. We decided to book this room because it was at the center of the strip. We arrived at the hotel around 5pm. The check-in process was extremely slow since there weren't enough employees working. It took a total of maybe 3 minutes from the time I gave her my I.D to getting my room key. Our room is located in the Habitat tower. Our room was located all the way at the end of the hallway. As for the room itself, it looks simple and modern. I love the hardwood floor. This is my first time staying in a hotel room with a hardwood floor. I love that they use hardwood floor instead of carpet.I had an opportunity to swim at the GO pool and recorded a full tour of how the GO Pool looks like. So if you guys want to see how the pool looks like click on my video below:   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NbYqrzkfSjQThey also have a family friendly swimming pool with 2 slides. It quite small compare to the GO Pool for adult..
4	I stayed here during my business trip and frankly, it was better than I expected.The hotel is huge and the check in line takes forever.  It took me an hour.  When my boss checked in in the evening, it took her an hour too! My room was very clean and had some cute pink curtains and a pink throw.  The room and bathroom were very spacious.  The thing I liked the most was the floor- it was a dark brown and foamy which is perfect after walking around all day in heels! I liked all the pink touches and the flamingos in this hotel! Very cute. I've heard good things about the pool but I didn't have time to check it out.  It's got a great location in the middle of the strip and the monorail is a really short convenient walk away. Let me put it this way: Flamingo is no 5-star hotel but for it's price and 3-star status and compared to other hotels of its caliber, I think it's great and I would totally stay here again!
1	Horrible service, stay away!!!
5	I stayed at the Flamingo this past weekend  (June 22nd-24th) and we had such a great time! it was a quick stay only two nights:The room:We stayed in a standard room, it was on the 20th floor. We had a great view of the pool and loved the HUGE open windows looking out into the pool area. There was a flat screen TV, a large king sized bed with this awesome fur throw on the bottom of the bed, and hardwood floors! I was VERY Impressed. Last time I had stayed at the Stratosphere & this was such an upgrade.The location:Perfect location right in the middle of the strip. Right by the Venetian (also saw blue man group while we were there, I would def recommend that show) and across the street from Serendipity.The pool:Got to visit the 21+ pool on both friday & saturday.Friday after the sun had gone down the pool was a little messyw ith beer bottles but nonetheless was fun! it's a great PARTY environment. Not a good place if you just want to relax, but if you want to have fun you will enjoy it. There is this amazing cave with a water fall you can swim under. Saturday it was very crowded but everyone was very nice and it was a fun environment. The drinks are expensive (but it's vegas- what do you expect?) and you cannot bring outside drinks into the hotelCheckin:Checkin was easy , but that could be because of the time we got there.  Checkout was easier we just left our keys in the room & left to the airport.The food in the hotel was alright. We had johnnyrockets & the pizza place downstairs by the elevators. Nothing to complain about.Overall a FUN PARTY environment for people who want to let lose and enjoy a good hotel for a great price.
1	This hotel needs a serious lesson in service! This is not the first time i have been treated rudely at this hotel, but it will definitely be the last! I have been a loyal platinum member at the Harrah's properties for years, and I am shocked that the hotel management would allow staff to treat people the way I was treated. Saturday, 6/23/12, morning was the first kick off to the party. After 30 minutes in line and 30 minutes of unsuccessfully finding chairs, we just got a bucket of beers and got into the pool. After my second miller lite, I got out to go the bathroom, and while walking out of the bathroom I decided to call my girl and give her an update on the trip. Well it seems as though you can't have a phone at the pool, because a security guard, Craig S, with a very small overly aggressive god complex charged at me, and in his most hood like language accused me of taking pictures of girls. I immediately said that was crazy and that he is more than welcome to go through my phone to verify that I was doing no such thing. His response was "I don't need to see yo damn phone!" He then accused me again of taking pictures of girls, even citing that some phantom girl said I was taking pictures. I again explained to him that I was using my phone to talk not to take pictures, and this time pulled up my photo album and told him to look. In his most educated ability he mustered up the same "I don't need to see yo damn phone!" Well by now people are staring, and 2 other security guards had rushed in for backup, as Mr S again accused me of taking pictures of girls. Now frustrated that he refuses to accept actual proof I said look this is f-ing crazy and I am not some creep that would do that and to stop accusing me of it. Well I guess that was enough for him to say "your out." I told him no problem I'll go, but that I gamble a lot with his employer and that I would be filing a complaint for what he is unjustifiably putting me through. He told me, now with his heaviest of gangster accents (I guess that makes him tough) "go ahead, yo casino status mean nothing at the pool!" I said ok and that I need his name. His response... (really tough now!) "can't chu read muthaf$&@er" I turned around, looked at his badge and said "yes I can Craig S" I then made it to the front, full escort of 3 security guards, at which point I stopped to put my shirt on as people gazed at the scene that had been created for... what I don't know, maybe Craig hates his life. I mean a simple glance at my phone and a sorry for the misunderstanding would have seemed much more appropriate. I proceeded to file an official complaint, which I was met with many apologetic people. Too bad the one guy I would have appreciated an apology from was not brought to the room. I filled out a complaint form, and ranted the story of what had happened to me over and over furious with anger. I asked the security, if you spend 10 grand a year at your local grocery store and a checker began accusing you of this while you stood in line, would you still shop there? He had no words. After being told, or how I interpreted it, that the complaint would be sent directly to an investigator's trash can and that I will receive a mass produced BS email saying "we would love to have you back", I decided that my only recourse is to vote with my wallet.I went to VIP services where I was met with cardboard cutouts of people. I told the agent that I would like to check out and asked that they refund the next 3 nights understanding that I had never in my life been treated this way and 2 hours in to my bachelor party they had officially ruined it. That is a request that a VIP cardboard rep can not process, so the manager of the mill was called over. She gave me the same line that a refund was not possible. By now I was done, I looked her in the face and said "look if you want to charge me to treat me like dirt, go ahead! I'm still out of here"  she then wiped out 20,000 reward credits and said she would have the money refunded. Mmmm, maybe she thinks I am stupid but using my comp points is not a refund! The sign on the door is very misleading, VIP services... what service?I booked a last minute replacement at MGM, and will now forever be living the Mlife! Unless, of course, they decide to steal away the employee of the year, cum laude graduate, better known as Craig S.
4	SUMMARY: I think the Flamingo is great value for the money and if you're expecting a 3 or 3.5 star hotel with a younger crowd and a lively atmosphere at night I'd definitely consider the Flamingo with one of their GO rooms.The Flamingo has a great location in the centre of the strip. There is currently some construction on one side as they have tore down O'Sheas and are working around the Imperial Palace however my room did not face this side so I don't know if the noise affects the guest rooms.When we arrived the valet parking stated it was already full for the day and it was only about 1:30pm. We came by cab so I'm unsure whether or not there was a self parking option however it's something to keep in mind.Upon check-in there was a massive lineup and we proceeded to "Self Check In" through their kiosks where we then discovered there was a line for all Total Rewards members (not just Platinum or whatever higher levels there are). This was something I haven't seen at other hotels so definitely bring your Total Rewards card and use this check-in/check-out line. This would definitely be a drawback from the Platinum/higher level members because they'll have to wait in line with the Gold-tier members.We booked a GO room and my friend booked a FAB room. The GO room was completely renovated with a separate shower/tub, TV in the bathroom, Denon sound system, large flat screen TV in the bedroom, motorized curtains, etc. The FAB room was renovated EXCEPT for the washroom. It had some sort of faux wood floors. The room was nice but we all agreed the GO room was better (and it was less than the FAB room).The casino is nice, clean and lively at night, filled with mostly young people at night. The downside is that it is busy at night if you want to play table games or one of the popular slot machines.We found little to no noise in our GO room at night and couldn't hear any of our neighbours. Our AC kept the room nice and cool and functioned great. The room service appears to come rather early in the morning (before 9:00am), however we put out the "do not disturb" tag and were left alone.Overall I think the Flamingo is great value for the money. It's not a five star luxury resort and does not try to be, so don't book a room/suite there and expect it to be like theHotel. I'm not sure I would go for a Deluxe room because the cost to get a GO room is only a little more and seeing some of the dated parts of the hotel I can only imagine how dated those rooms are. I would stay at the Flamingo again in a GO room because of it's location and price, however if you're looking for a more relaxing/quiet experience in your vacation you might want to look towards a different casino with a more mature crowd. If you're expecting a 3 or 3.5 star hotel with a younger crowd and a lively atmosphere at night I'd definitely consider the Flamingo with one of their GO rooms.
1	I normally let things go but this time I truly had to speak up because I will feel like I'll do future guests of Flamingo a disservice if I didn't. I reluctantly made reservations to stay at Flamingo hotel after my cousin assured me the hotel had been renovated, otherwise, I would have never dreamt of staying in a dump like this. Because we were attending a wedding and my daughter was the flower girl, we had to bring the kids so we needed to stay in a hotel with a great pool. When I looked up on the website, and the pool looked great.  I called the hotel and specifically asked the concierge if the pool shown in the website with the waterfalls would allow children and he told me that the pool did indeed allow children.  Once we got to Las Vegas, we found out the valet service was full.  We were also informed that the parking structure serving Flamingo is also full.  We asked a parking attendant where to go, and he shrug his shoulder and said:  "don't know what to tell ya.  It took my husband 2 hours to come back from parking the car.  They quickly sell you a room but they don't provide you with the parking.Our room was supposed to be non-smoking.  However, the smell of smoke was unbearable. Walking down the hall I found cigarette butts in all the ash trays and some on the floors which never got picked up.   The next day we went to the pool. Kids were so excited to go to the pool but we found out that the pool for the kids is the small pool and the wonderful pool with the water falls is for people over 21.  I was livid.  I felt I had been tricked.  The next morning at 6 a.m. I woke up with to find our room flooded. My interactions with the hotel staff regarding this incident were so upsetting that I told my husband we should leave a day early and go home.  Not only they were not apologizing for the inconvenience, they were a bit cocky,  Only the manager was sympathetic.  THE WORST SERVICE I HAVE EVER EXPERIENCED FROM A HOTEL.  At the end, they refunded us $100.00 off of our 3 night stay.  Was it worth it? You be the judge....
3	I'm not a gambler or a club-goer so my feelings about places in Vegas may differ than other reviewers.  I'm tempted to knock a star off of every Vegas review just for being in Vegas.  That said, I thought that the Flamingo was decent.  Pros: - Comfy beds- Winding pool with waterfalls, lots of beach chairs,  a kid area, and several bars.- Location - totally central on the strip, near Caesar's Palace, Paris and the Bellagio (among many others).  It's a more affordable option than the other hotels in that area.Cons:-The place seemed pretty dirty.  There were food scraps scattered about the hallways, stains all over the carpets, and just a general grimy feel about it.-We had technical issues with the TV in our room and had to call down several times to get it fixed (Don't have TV at home so we were super excited to indulge in it); -Requested a king bed, received a room with two queen beds insteadOne thing that saved us a lot of time was using the kiosks to check in.  The lines to do so with an actual staff member were ridiculous.  The kiosks took about a minute and were nearly empty.  I'm not sure why people weren't using them, but I am assuming they just didn't realize they were an option.
3	The rooms were clean and recently remodeled. The pool was fun and super busy. The check in line took about 20 minutes. Because this is an older casino the floor does have that stale smoke smell about it that I did not get in the other casinos. The rooms we stayed in were not smelly at all (non-smoking).
4	We were 4 people in one room. We booked a deluxe room. Later we got an email that we can upgrade to a go luxury room with strip view for $20 which we did. Our room was great. We could see Bellagio's dancing water from our huge window (from the bottom to the ceiling). We had a Tv in our bathroom mirror. Everything was very clean, the beds were comfortable. We had shampoo and conditioner, soap and towels in the bathroom etc. So It was pretty good what we got for the money:) The front desk was busy but nice and friendly. The pool area was good. They had towels there so you don't have to bring the ones for your room. The only downside: no free wifi, it's about $10 a day!
5	Overall, Flamingo isn't really a 5-star property in the true sense of the word.  It's not Bellagio, Wynn or any of those...but it doesn't pretend to be.  For what you get, you can't beat the Flamingo.  First, convenience.  The location - right in the middle of the Strip, with easy access to cross the street to Bellagio or Caesar's Palace.  To make things even better, there is a Monorail station located in the back of the hotel, which saved us alot of walking time.  They've definitely been working on upgrading the place too , as the elevators, hallways and our room were all modern and quite nice.  We stayed in the GO Room with a view of the Bellagio fountains.  This room was more affordable than many hotels right here in my small town in upstate New York!  And you really can't beat a bathroom with a TV built into the mirror.  All employees we encountered were very friendly.  My only complaint about this place would be the long wait to check in - the other reviewers are right on about that.  We waited for a good half hour in line when we arrived.  Checking out was a breeze at least.  Based on convenience and affordability, this hotel is a great choice - I will absolutely return.
2	We were supposed to arrive Friday, but wanted to see if we could come a day early to enjoy a full day by pool. My wife called the hotel and asked them if we came a day early would we still be able to get the adjoining rooms for our kids. The lady said she had to check, so put my wife on hold for almost 20 minutes to confirm with the front desk that they could accommodate us. She finally came back and said yes.  So we left California and headed out.  When we arrived, at check-in, the lady said that they don't have any adjoining rooms at all.  We told them about our call and even the person we spoke to, but to no avail. We asked to see the Manager, George.  When he came over we explained the whole story and he was unsympathetic and inflexible. We have 3 daughter that would have to stay in their own room separate from us all under 15 yrs. old.  He didn't offer us anything as compensation for their error until we argued and said isn't there anything you can do?  He reluctantly gave us $20 off ea. room. They ended up giving us a room for us and a room for our kids (a mini suite) on the same floor. When we went up to the rooms, our room was decent, but the girls room was over 50 suites away down at the far end of the corridor. When we got there, the mini suite had stained carpet, and looked dingy and my kids were scared to be so far away from us, which I don't blame them. We proceeded to take them to our room and had to fit all 5 of us into our room for the night, with a roll-a-way.  We called down to the front desk to tell them that the room for the kids was unacceptable and the same manager said that we already paid so nothing he could do.  My wife started explaining how unfair and unreasonable they were being and he finally came around and said that they would credit us for the room we never used and told them we wouldn't use only fifteen minutes after they gave it to us. They next day we switched rooms to 2 adjoining rooms and the accommodations were fair. We enjoyed our trip despite the problems. There were several employees that were very nice and helpful, but that first night was a nightmare.
4	Actually this review is for the buffet. Hidden jewel to us. We did the Rio buffet (pretty good), hit Harrahs that was good but Flamingo for lunch had no line and the food was on point. July 4th and no crowd? Nice
4	We stayed in one of the renovated GO rooms and for two nights, it came out to $180. This was the first time I have stayed in a gaming hotel and it was really great. The location of the hotel can't be beat, parking was free, and if you are a Total Rewards member, you can check-in/out way faster than the rest of the hotel guests. There are various eateries (a steakhouse, pizza window, cafe, buffet, and coffee shop). The room was VERY nice. The bed was comfortable, room decorated very modern and we had a nice view. We did have an incident at 5:30 a.m. this morning that the group of girls in the room next to us kept shrieking and screaming in excitement for 15-20 minutes. My husband called the front desk and security promptly handled it. We were very pleased. The only small complaint I had was that they tout no resort fees but you had to pay for the internet. Other than that, I loved the hotel and look forward to staying here in the future.
1	I had a bad experience on 6/23/12. It was my first time staying here. I have stayed at all the hotels in the Total Rewards program. Valet parking and the parking lot were full. We were directed to Imperial Palace or Ballys. I have never experienced this in all the years I have visited Las Vegas especially on a non-holiday weekend. We had to walk with our luggage in the hot sun for about 1/2 an hour. When I complained to the manager he said there wasn't anything he can do. The only explanation he gave was the hotel gets "lively" on the weekends. He also said it gets like that every weekend (the no parking). I told him I will not ever stay there again and that if I had known of their parking problem I would have stayed somewhere else. I asked for some kind of compensation for our inconvenience he said there was nothing he could do. I am a customer service trainer and this is by far the worst customer service I have experienced. No apology, no explanation, no attempt to remedy the situation or make our discomfort better. I wasn't asking for my room to be free but damn a discount, free lunch, upgrade or at least a heartfelt apology would have gone a long way. So I will tell all my friends who frequent Vegas to not stay here. To top it off the iron was missing from the room and the phone didn't work. Also, I posted this on their Facebook page and they quickly deleted it without addressing it. Very shady and unprofessional.
4	The Flamingo is the perfect hotel to stay at if you're looking for a great location at a low price. My friends and I went for one of our 21st birthdays and it was great. We were a close distance from all the other hotels/clubs/bars/pool parties. Even the 21+ pool @ the hotel was a good time.The rooms could be cleaner, but we were 4 girls in one room celebrating a birthday. Needless to say, we were barely in the room, so it wasn't in issue. (our room had a TON of mirrors, so that made it very convenient before going out)The Flamingo is right next to Margaritaville (great drinks) and a saloon/bar/casino place where we played beer pong til 6am...so a great location for younger people.There weren't beach chairs when we got to the pool but we parked ourselves infront of a cabana bed with no problem, and because no one was using the bed after a certain time, we were able to claim it for free!Everyone was nice and accommodating, especially when we kept losing room keys. I wouldn't stay here again, just because I'd want to experience all the other great hotels in Vegas, but I would definitely recommend it.
3	The reason to stay at the Flamingo is for the location and the cheap rooms.  The rooms are not great, the service is pretty poor, and getting what you want requires some work.  If you begin your stay with this in mind, you can make the most of your time.  First, go for the room upgrade.  Do not stay in the "FAB" rooms, they are far from it.  Instead opt for the "GO" rooms.  I was able to use the "sandwich" to upgrade my room.  Here you place a $20 in between your ID and credit card and ask the individual at the front desk if there are any courtesy upgrades.  Sometimes they bite, and sometimes they don't.  If they don't bite, ask if they can come down at all on the price of the upgrade and they usually will.  Either way, don't stay in a FAB room.Second, the pool requires some maneuvering.   There are two pools, located near each other.  One pool is family friendly.  I did not go to this pool so I cannot say much about it.  The other pool is 21 and over.  Starting at 7:00 AM there will be a line to enter this pool.  They check your ID, and sometimes your room key (seems like on the weekend is the only time they check the room key).  You get a wrist band that is good for all day, and they check your bag for any alcohol or food which are both prohibited since they want you to purchase your food and alcohol from the vendor at the pool.  While I was there, I entered the pool around 8:00 and was able to find a chair with some effort.  I then placed a towel and a t-shirt on the chairs to save my spot and then went back to my room to start my day.  I was able to come back to my place later on.  There are not nearly enough chairs for all of the people at the pool, so you have to save a spot early if you want one.  There are also day beds and cabanas available.  The day beds go for $120 and includes 2 drinks during weekdays, and $220 for weekends.  I did not ask about cabanas because the day bed price was already higher than I was willing to pay.  The pool plays club/hip hop music all day, they do a "bootie-shaking" contest around 3:00 daily, and there are a few gambling tables.  The alcohol specials seems to consistently be a bucket of beer (six) for $25, or (12) for $48.  Even though this may seem to be for people only 21-35, I saw people of all ages everyday I was there.  The majority of the people there are not your crust of society, so if you prefer to be around a higher-class clientele, you may want to check out another pool.  Flamingo is partnered with Ballys and Ceasars and you can utilize some of those resort amenities for a discounted price.  Third, customer service is practically non-existent.  You will wait and the employees will be rude and that is the status quo.  Check in and out are both nightmarish because of ridiculously long lines.  I suggest checking in at an odd hour (I did an 8:00 PM check in to avoid lines), and I suggest settling your bill before hand and checking out by calling the front desk at 11:00 AM and leaving the keys in your room.  If you need anything during your stay, do not expect to get it.  Extra towels?  Go find a cart and steal them.  Need help using the ipod dock?  Forget it.  Nothing will be delivered to your room, and no one will be able to answer your questions.  In addition, they will probably be rude that you even asked a question to begin with.  Save yourself the disappointment and stress and just figure it out yourself.  The upside of the Flamingo is the location.  It is directly across the street from Ceasar's and generally in the middle of the strip.  Also, it has a monorail stop.  The monorail runs on one side of the strip and is great for getting around.  It is $5 for one trip, or $12 for the day.  Being centrally located, and having the monorail is very convenient and probably the main selling point of the Flamingo.
4	I have stayed here 3 times (basically on all my Vegas trips). I keep promising myself to try a new hotel every time but I land up here nevertheless. The location just cannot be beat. It is right in the center of the strip with loads of action in its casino. The rooms are ok. They recently updated some of their rooms and even though it says hardwood floors in its description, it is just floor paper/tiles designed to look like hardwood. This gives kind of a cheap feeling but for the price and no resort fees Flamingo just seems like a logical choice.There rewards program pretty much sucks but the cheaper rooms make up for it.
4	Great on a budget!  We read all the reviews..Yelp!...Trip Adviser...you name it...so we decided on the GO Room and that I HIGHLY recommend as the other parties in our group did not, they went with the Fab Rooms (one the deluxe aka view of the strip, the others with the regular Fab Room) and were let down.  I'll start with their room reviews then go on to our room - Fab Rooms- They told you on the phone the rooms had wood floors when in actuality had wood looking tile floors. In my opinion I like that better than carpet (which was in ours).  Seems a bit cleaner.  - They had odd "shag" like covers on the bed - a half blanket - that looked like it had been made with the hotel.  -  No fridge - The BATHROOMS were GROSS!  Super old and not renovated - they did throw in some marble looking slabs on the counters but not measured right or something as there was a gap between the wall and the sink - as well as one on the floor with the tile and there was tons of old trash stuck in there.  - AC worked great - Beds weren't terribly uncomfortable. - View of Ceaser's Palace, not a lot of the strip, just a roof and Ceaser's Palace. (Deluxe Room - the other room just faced a roof and some of the trees over animal area. Now for the GO Rooms:-  They are carpeted as I said above however our carpet wasn't stained or dirty.  Though I will admit there was an odd odor coming out of the corner of the closet.  -  The beds are SO nice and comfy! Pillowtop!! The pillows left a lot to be desired so I was glad we ended up in a room w/ 2 Queen sized beds so I had more of a variety to choose from.  -  There is a TV in the bathroom mirror (of course we never used) and a nice big one in the room.  There is a fridge and a coffee maker with decent coffee!   - Bathroom itself was new and clean with a huge shower, cute sink, lots of space and a mid body shower head!  - AC worked great! - The view was decent as well - we were on the 16th floor and overlooked a zebra painted rooftop, the wedding ceremony area, and some of the pool and trees.  Oh and I do have to say when people say the walls are thin they are NOT kidding!  The walls are terribly thin, you can easily hear your neighbors and the doors are so heavy they slam shut every time!  We were all on different floors (10th, 14th and 16th) and all had the same problem.The staff was helpful and nice at the hotel.  Only played some slots in the casino - there was a Hangover game and some genie game we did well at.  And next door is a cute little casino -  the Margaritaville Casino.  While I will not recommend Margaritaville itself (refer to my review on that page) I would recommend the It's 5 O'Clock Somewhere bar!  The bartenders are awesome and 'tend with "flair!" They definitely have tricks up their sleeves.  Our bartender, Sooshey (I hope I spelled that right), was awesome and could poor a quite tasty, quite colorful waterfall of kamikazes!  The pool is also very nice and large, not a lot of chairs so get there by 8am if you want one.  Also, security does search through all of your bags so you might as well bring as little as possible and you must be 21 to enter into the GO Pool area.  Drinks are pricey but we found that they did a $5 special on Blood Marys until 11am.  What else, what else - oh yeah internet is $13.99 /day / laptop and my T-Mobile 3G hardly ever worked in the room.  Easy checkout if you already paid for your stay (we used BookIt.com), via TV in your room or drop your key in the pink box in the lobby.  Easy to catch a shuttle to and from the airport.  They will check your baggage though they employees WILL expect a tip and they will be VERY verbal about it.  We are good about tipping but the things some of the employees said to others made me not even want to tip them!  Again I think a solid 4 stars.  If the price is right we'd stay here again.
1	The star is because I like flamingos, yep that is pretty much it.  I would like to say that this is the poorest run "resort" in Las Vegas.  Upon check in, they did not have a room available in the class that I had reserved.  Being that I clearly had a reservation, I inquired about why I was not receiving what I reserved and paid for.  I was informed that the reservation does not promise a room.  WHAT??????  Well after 35 minutes of addressing that ridiculous statement with a manager, I was told that I would have to   stay  in the small room for 1 night then would be given the room I reserved for the 2 other nights.  Apparently, a reservation does not ensure a clean room either, there were clumps of hair in the shower and food on the floor.  The final straw if that was not enough is parking.  The lot was full and they said valet was full even for hotel guests.  Um what?????  So what are hotel guests supposed to do?  Park at a different hotel.  Yes, that is the statement I just received from the manager along with a statement that the hotel does not ensure parking for it's guests.  Between fighting to get what you paid for and having to drive and walk all over the casinos so that you can pay them for a dirty room.  I would stay pretty much anywhere else.... and from now on that is exactly what I am going to.
3	Just pulled up to the Vegas Strip! To park at the hotel we had to show a confirmation number or a room key(but we just got here???).  Thank goodness for iPhones.  Most people here were not in my age group but still fun none the less.  Casino could you a little fixer upper.  Not nearly as nice as the other casinos but it was 110 degrees outside so all I cared about was air conditioning.The room was pretty nice.  I don't know how the beds were since I was the one shunned to the floor for the weekend since all my buddies grabbed it.  The rug did feel really comfortable when I blacked out on it for an hour or two.   Decently priced and far nicer than IP.  Smack in the middle of The Strip so it was really convenient to walk everywhere.  Would stay here again for sure.Heads Up: Don't eat at the food court.  That was some nasty food.  I mean I was really intoxicated and I thought it was bad so it must have been terrible.
1	Hotel room review...Normaly most Caesars properties are nice, clean and well kept. Well, not this one. 1) Banged up furniture 2) No alarm clock3) Dusty and dirty4) Broken light fixtures in the bathroom5) Uncomfortable bed6) Faux hardwood floors? Really? I do hope most of the rooms go for cheap, because they need a major overhaul. Don't get me wrong... I had a GREAT view from the 28th floor ;0) One star is a difficult decision for me, but I got's ta!P.S. Parking nightmare :0/
5	Let me start off by saying that I've been coming to Vegas for 20 plus years. I've stayed in many hotels and I've had horrible experiences in most of them... This time I   reluctantly decided to stay at the Flamingo. It's the oldest hotel in the area so it CAN'T be as "good" as the others, right? Wrong. By far the best hotel I've stayed at in Vegas. Where Trump had wonderful rooms but no casino, Flamingo came in with a wonderful room AND a Casino. Where Treasure Island had horrible service and crappy rooms, Flamingo came in with wonderful customer service and a wonderful room. My room was clean, comfortable and neat. Every person working there greeted me with a smile. And the biggest plus of all? The Flamingo let me bring my dog and let me walk her anywhere except for the casino and pool area. Plus, plus, and PLUS. From now on every time I visit Vegas I will only stay at The Flamingo. Screw the rest of these modernized barf hotels. Stay where the REAL Las Vegas history remains....  Thank you Flamingo ........and Margaritaville (for the massive hangover)... ;)
3	Great rooms for a great price! We were in the rooms near the Habitat elevator, which had been renovated. The hardwood floors were really nice. There were also a lot of elevators, which meant that we were never waiting long. The Go Pool is 21+, which was a very nice surprise. There were ample lounge chairs and plenty of space in the pool and no line at the bar. :) The cabanas seemed a little less than luxurious, but I think everyone knew that already, since they were mostly empty. The buffet was pretty good, especially the taquitos. I ate several . I also enjoyed the taco bar, with tons of salsas and toppings, chocolate fountain and dessert bar. Lots of yumminess to choose from. My one complaint is that housekeeping seemed a bit slow. We requested extra towels that took several hours to arrive and I passed by someone's room service tray in the hallway for a good 36 hours. Seriously, couldn't that have been cleaned up??Other than that, this place fit our needs perfectly. The location was awesome and the price was just right.
2	Go to the Flamingo if you need a cheap room in a good location...because really...who spends time in their room in Vegas?!  Got a FAB double queen.  Room wasn't ready at 10:30 pm the night we checked in so they stuck us in a FAB king with a nasty bathroom about two miles from the elevator.  Got into our real room the next morning, right off the elevator.  The pool rocked, though...one of the top 10 pools in Vegas for good reasons...be sure to check it out.  Probably won't stay here again.
3	The Flamingo has a central location at a great price. The pool is awesome. We were given a free upgrade to one of the junior suites on the 23rd floor. Great view. On the negative side, room service was pretty bad on both nights that we ordered. And I hate paying a $5 service charge on top of the incredibly inflated menu prices. The full-length mirror was in the hall for some reason, with no lights nearby. Overall, we were happy with our stay.
3	Casino Review:The Flamingo has a huge casino area and it can be very confusing if you make the wrong turn. We came here to have dinner and see the George Wallace show. The casino has an overwhelming number of slot machines and not too many tables for gambling.
2	We stayed at a Fab Luxury room. It was neither!! I was not impressed. The bathroom looks old and not very well kept (mildew in the caulking). The furniture is old fashion and banged up. Plus an ugly furry throw on the bed. Only stayed here cause we got comped.
4	This place is a gem for the price you pay. -Yes, it's older-Yes, The parking and valet can be a PIA-Yes, the tv in the room is not user friendlyBut I still enjoy this place every time.The location is close to everything I enjoy most about Vegas. We did a cabana at the pool. This pool is vibrant, and more my speed as opposed to some of the other pool parties available in Vegas. The servers are all friendly. The music is good. One thing that does SUCK is the restrooms. There's even a line for mens (unheard of). I understand its by the pool, but I hated going to the restroom because you always feel like you're standing in a lake. The pool party itself was pretty good. I had a blast. Despite the many options available in Vegas, I always end up just going to the Flamingo.The room (Go Room). Check the website for a hotel description. My thoughts: Fairly clean. A deep cleaning of the carpets in the room (and hallways for that matter) wouldn't hurt. The TV programming sucks. Obviously I didn't come to Vegas to watch TV, but even while in the room (in between outings) the channel lineup makes no sense. Also, I don't think they've ever had cords to plug in your Iphone for music. Knowing this, I brought my own speaker. The fridge (not available in the fab rooms) is clutch if you plan on bringing your own libations, and/or taking back leftovers for future consumption.I would and will return. Do yourself a favor. Don't go in expecting the Four Seasons or motel 6. Accept the experience for what it is, and you'll enjoy it that much more.
4	We recently traveled to Vegas with a group of 10 people to celebrate birthdays and get silly in the desert. Mrs. M and myself have stayed at the Flamingo several times before and found it to be a good value In terms of price, gambling stakes and location on the strip.When checking in for the love of God, do yourself a favor and use the self check kiosks. The lines are ridiculous at almost all hours but the kiosks always seem to be empty for some odd reason.When checking in, Greg helped us out with the process but the machines went down so he took us into the private area for VIP's and there we found out that they lost our reservation for an upgrade to a Go Mini Suite. This was not good since our room was going to be the starting point for partying and we needed some space. I explained this to the check in person and she worked with her manager to get us into a junior neopolitan suite at the same price.The room was great with two bathrooms, a wonderful view of the pool and garden area and a few couches to sit on while we had our warm up beverages. The only draw back was the smell of the hallway in the evenings which gave the aroma of cat urine. Thankfully the room didn't.The casino is great at The Flamingo, the stakes are near the lowest you can get and most dealers are pretty cool. We were a large group and could get a little silly and most were tolerant of our loudness and occasional salty language, however a few did give us warnings to tone it down.The pool is still beautiful is it was a few years ago, but the theme is very different with the booty shaking contest and people swimming around all loaded trying to hook up. I wish it was little more upscale and relaxing, but I guess they aren't trying to appeal to middle age people very much these days.Checkout was smooth thanks again to the kiosks as the line up on Sunday morning was crazy long. The same fellow who checked us in, Greg, was there to help. When I was done I tipped him and asked if he could help to get my wife to the front of the bag check line and he was more than happy to oblige so I could get back to some final partying with my brother who was set to leave in a short time.Flamingo I love you, you introduced me to Vegas almost 10 years ago. Although you have changed over the years, you still create wonderful memories for myself, my wife and my friends and family. I can't wait to come back and there is no doubt I will stay there again.
3	For the price, we stayed here one night on our way back to Vegas from Utah parks, having stayed at the Mirage for our main Vegas vacation time. We parked and walked to the lobby... whew! Long walk. It was busy but we got to the front quickly. We got a room on the 17th floor and facing the strip (Caesar's). I was really impressed by the room. We had a standard room (not a GO room) with 2 beds, and it was very spacious. The floors were not carpeted and it had a rug and cute spreads on the beds. The bathroom was nice too, and had pink toiletries! The bed was really comfy.. til... I heard BUMP BUMP BUMP.. constantly. Bass. From the 17th floor, I was unable to sleep from the music coming from a club, across the street. I couldn't believe it was that loud. Unbelievable! It didn't stop until after 2am.The habitat is cool and I liked seeing the flamingos! The pool areas are pretty awesome too. I love that they have a 21+ pool that doesn't cost for guests. I really loved the location of the Flamingo, as we could walk to nice restaurants, the Bellagio, etc. I just wouldn't stay here again unless I was assured that I wasn't on that side of the hotel with the bass.
3	We chose this hotel specifically because of the rave reviews (not on yelp) about the pool. Supposedly one of the best pool in Vegas. Unfortunately the pool is being reviewed by those over 21. The bigger, nicer pool is reserved for those over 21. So families with children, look for another option if the pool is your draw to this hotel.
4	First time visiting Vegas and I had the pleasure of staying at the Flamingo. The room I stayed at didn't have that fancy of a view, so 1 star off. Other than that I was sooo lucky to stay here. Blacked out wasted and ended up being woken up by security. I'm sure this is a normal occurrence for them, and very irritating for them but they seemed to be very understandable. He helped me find the elevator and asked if I was ok. (Probably normal procedure but still caught me off guard...) I got to my room to notice that I lost my glasses and my iPhone. It's lost, gone I thought. I called my phone and security said they found it and to come down to "lost and found" when I "sobered up and got some rest." I didn't expect them to hand over my phone right away. Yes, I did have to sign something and do some verification but it's all appreciated. I mean, I don't want them to hand over my phone to just any asshole that claims to lost a phone.Omg and the pool party is sooooo much fun!Overall, very satisfied with my stay and I'll def check in here again.
3	First time staying here, excellent deal, I would love a few more amenities . We got two rooms with a connecting door and one room had an ice bucket while the other didn't, one room had more pillows than the other but it was still a great place to stay for the price we paid !
3	Love The Pink Chicken . re done rooms are nice.Great location , Good poker Room, nice dealers . Love the new Margaritaville casino.only bad thing is the GO Pool. It should be in a trailer park, wall to wall drunk  white trash , beer cans and trash in the pool. couldn't wait to get back to my room to shower off filth . - 2 starswill be back next month and will crash pool at Wynn or caesers
5	I absolutely loved this hotel.  I was sketchy at first because its old but from the reviews I decided to stay.PRO's-Casino was huge, pool was awesome, kind of packed, drinks were very cheap at the pool, and the hotel bars, good selection of restaurants, gym was very good for having to pay $10 to use it, it was actually worth it. Free wifi, checkin was fast, employees were pleasant.  The rooms were by far the best in vegas.  Curtains are electronic, tv in bathroom, glass tinting sliding doors to the bathroom with shower, and sep tub with jets. i like the fact i can take a crap and watch tv.  beds were comfy, couch was comfy, robes were luxurious, extra pillows and blankers, french door closets, tv was a 42 inch HD with dvd player, and surround sound, never seen that in any hotel in vegas. fridge, nice art-deco white furniture, very white and pink, clean hallways and clean hotel. very impressive for a old renovated hotel.CON's-Valet was terrible.  took forever to get my car, parking garage was a crap hole.
1	GROSS!!!GROSS!!!GROSS!!!!-- This place is a total dump- There was old food that had been sitting out for days in the hallway and old band-aids on the carpet. There was a faux fur something on our bed that had more stains than I would like to admit to seeing!!!  The pool according to orbitz was great but it wasn't. There were dirty towels on the bottom of the pool and they shut down the 2 little water slides they had open at 4:30. IT WAS A DUMP!!! It smelled of mildew and fish. It was really Gross. If  you can afford to upgrade we left there and stayed at the Luxor and it was AMAZING!!!!  I wish I could post pics-
4	I would have given it three stars as they are currently building a Ferris wheel outside our window.  So everyday at 4 :45 AM the sounds of beeping and trucks moving around started.  I know the floor is not wood but it looked like it and at least I could see if the floor was clean.  Also, the room smelled fresh everyday and I think that's because you don't have the typical old carpet smells.Margaritaville is a part of this hotel/casino so that increased the rating by one star.  I love me some Jimmy Buffett.  Also, the bar called Sin City sells a very flavorful porter.  Very tasty and made me loose some money as I had to drink two "free" drinks.  So tasty.  It is a simple hotel and and I enjoyed my stay here.
4	Great location, good casino, good fun. Our stay was pretty good, our rooms were decent and clean. Housekeeping was on point for 2 of the rooms we booked. If only they were a fridge in the room. We brought our cooler and fill it with ice. They do have a ice machine located near the elevators which is a good thing. If you don't have a total rewards card I suggest you sign up for it. It makes checking in and out a lot easier. The pool well it wasn't all awesome as I expected it to be. If you have kids they get the smaller pool while the adults get the bigger and nicer pool. The only thing good about the kids pool is the slide and that's about it. By the way there's a charge for Internet and no phone services in the room which is why I give it a 4 star.
1	This hotel is disgusting! Booked through expedia so they stuck us in a corner room! No hot water! The pool and the staff and security there are rude! The staff t checking less then nice as well!! I will never stay here again they need to get it together, I suggest you nott stay either
5	Sure, this place is not Bellagio or The Wynn but for young 20 and 30 somethings who want to party and have fun on a budget, this is the place for you.Great pool area that is 21+  only.Cheapest rooms have comfortable beds. Go Rooms ( 20-30 $ more a night) are really cool with upgraded features.Cheap food court, Cafe, Buffet, Steakhouse, Margaritaville. Highly recommended for people who want to party and not spend an arm and a leg on a hotel room.
1	Long Lines, Bad and Rude Service. Hotel Hallways smell like sewage and carpets are dirty. TV didn't work in room took them three days to fix it. Pubic Hair in bathroom, and AC unit sounds like a drill over head.
3	I stayed in one of the Go-Deluxe Room, Pretty nice but my TV Remote in the bathroom was missing the battery cover but nothing major.  The pool was very nice and clean. The only complaint i have is i bought coffee/ food from the lobby and when i brought it to the pool they didn't allow it because they wanted you to buy it inside. I wish i knew that before i bought the coffee/Food!! They should allow drinks/food if i bought it from the same Hotel or at least notify people with a sign in the rooms or something. Anyways, they need to figure out a system for that.
3	So me just get this out there -- I'm a hotel snob.  I like a little luxury when I travel, and so I'm not typically booking the bargain rates.  However, on a short notice trip to Vegas, we decided to give the Flamingo a try.   They were conveniently located to all the spots we wanted to visit and the price was right.  Plus, the photos of the GO rooms on the website looked modern and fun!Flamingo is not a new hotel, and overall the place does show a little wear here & there.  But the room was pretty much as pictured.  Unfortunately, little things sort of rubbed us wrong (like the snazzy ipod docking radio they had didn't work) but overall, it didn't feel like we were slumming it.  It sort of has a weird layout that you'll either love or hate (like glass sliding bathroom doors) but overall we liked it.   Plus our view just happened to be of Bellagio and those dancing fountains, so that made up for a lot. Also, the pool was really awesome.  Tons of chairs to lounge on if you get there early enough, lots of bars, good music and beautiful trees and waterfalls all around.  Overall, we will still shop around when it comes to Vegas lodging, but I'd definitely try the Flamingo again.
4	Our friends got married on a Wednesday so we were lucky to score the mini-suite for $135 a night on a Wednesday and Thursday night.  The room was newly decorated and huge.  It was very clean, included a fridge, a couch, table, a king bed with the most comfortable pillows and comforters I've ever felt in any hotel, and there was even a TV built into the mirror in the bathroom.  I watched the Olympics while taking a bath- awesome.  There is a large flat screen in the living room area and another one next to the bed that pulls out and you can adjust where to put in.  The view looked over the entire pool area. No rooms are facing each other so it's very private.  It also must be very sound proof because I don't remember hearing anything outside of the room while in it. One last note about the room is that it's open concept.  If you want to get together with friends before heading out this room is a perfect place to host (more seating on the over-sized modern couch at the end of the bed).The 21+ pool area was lots of fun.  Go early if you want a chair though because guests that stay at Bill's can also use the pool so it fills up quick.The only reason I left a star off was that the hallways could use a paint job & one morning we picked up some fruit there that was frozen/spoiled.  We took it to the pool and there is no food allowed in the pool area (yet drink options are plentiful). So we sat outside to eat some of it to find it was gross.
1	Horrible, Horrible, HORRIBLE, Horror-show at Hotel Hell!!I do not know where to start. This was our 3rd stay at this hotel but the 2 other times were over 14 years ago, so I don't know what  has happened to this place but it was God awful. I don't know where to start.....First off the staff is cranky, rude and unhelpful.  We booked 5 rooms on expedia.  Each room was booked with the person's name who would be staying.  When we called ahead because a person in our group got ill on the flight to Vegas and we asked about early check in, the rude reservation clerk stated "no one is registered under that name" we asked her to check different spellings and before we could even give her a suggestion, she rudely said "I ALREADY CHECKED IT THAT WAY, NO ONE HAS A RESERVATION UNDER THAT NAME!!!"    We explained to Miss Rudy-pants that we paid in FULL at the time of booking so, "if you could, please check again"   She disconnected us. We called back, asked for a manger and was on hold for over 35 minutes.  Finally we called the main reservation line and the customer service was able to find the booking. Our party was  able to check in early, for a small fee, which she tried to give cash but it was not accepted.  Our friend used her debit card and was charged a  $100 deposit without being told this would happen and that of course made her short in her bank account. (college student).We checked into our room and almost slipped and fell on a large puddle on the floor. The AC was leaking.  A call to the front desk was met with another snotty customer rep who was more interested in the fact that 2 in our party were 19 and 20 1/2 and  had their own rooms. Her suggestion was we should all sleep together in the same bed like hillbillies.  Not to mention we were charged a $100 deposit for each of the rooms occupied by those under 21 and the front desk NEVER  mentioned any problems or rules about under 21 guests occupying a room.We were never offered another room. The maintence guy showed up and said "oh that is just a little condensation"   It was about 12 inches around and on a dark floor. Guess Flamingo does not care if we break a hip in a fall in their room.  The condition apparently has been on going as the room smelled of mold.Problem fixed we moved on to the pool area.  They have a section for 21 and over. Just a heads up, prepare to undergo a full body search by an armmed guard. Oh...if you buy a coffee at Mrs. Fields prior to going into the pool, better drink it fast cause, as the guard said "NO FOOD, NO DRINK FROM OUTSIDE"  WTF??   We bought it a few feet away inside the hotel.   The guard also does not like tampons in your purse or he was a total moron because he pulled out the package and asked "what's this".Next night at  4am, the A/C again dripped and dripped.  Call to the front desk, waiting 45 mins, no show.  Call a second time waited 2 hours, again a no show. Finally gave up.Staff is untrained, rude and nasty.  We asked one employee what time the restaurant was open til and was told "oh it closed" only to find out it is a 24 hour place!!  I guess the Korean tourist summed it up best when he let one smelly fart rip  while we tried to enter our room!         THIS PLACE SUCKS!!
3	Needs work. It's a Work in Progress, and some of the rooms are ready and some....not even close. Too bad that they are not forthcoming about their status. In fact, Flamingo touts that they are newly Remodeled. Start with just getting in the Building, and you will either work up quite an appetite, or quite an appreciation for a well-organized entrance. Which the Flamingo doesn't have. They moved it. The fabled birds are more secluded (which is a good thin). Yet, whether you Valet, or schlepp to Self-Park, it's confusing and takes longer than you'd imagine to park and get to the Front Desk.At Check-In, which should be easier with the Kiosks -- except the Computerized Kiosks don't seem to recognize all reservations, you have the pleasure of slogging down to the Byzantine line of Those Who Wait to Check In. (Ever seen the movie, 'Brazil'?)After spending an hour on the phone the day before with Reservations, we were set for a certain type of room.  When I got to the speak to a Front Desk Representative, they had good news and bad news. The type of room we booked 'was sold out.' But she was going to upgrade us to a delightful Suite. Top Floor. 28.As we approached the big door, I got a funny feeling. The clerk said it was about twice the size of the room we had booked. But this looked biiiig by the double doors. I thought, 'as long as there's no tiger or Mike Tyson, I'll be happy.'  Well. That's about all that WASN'T in this suite. It was  beat up bad, maybe by Mike Tyson. Scratched floors, and furniture circa 1979, maybe 1984. 3 Bathrooms, a giant living room and a far off bedroom. This would be the perfect place to stay for either A) A fraternity party or B) Someone who really didn't want to spend much together time with. Took some pictures of this place. After a phone call to Front Desk, we got moved to the 20th floor. A smaller, cleaner, more renovated room. Kinda like the room we originally had booked....The bathroom still needed an upgrade, as the shower was pretty old. The pool party on Friday afternoon resembled a sardine can. OK, maybe if I was 23 it wouldn't  matter, but, I dunno.OK, the Bright Spots: The Birds, as you walk through the first floor outdoor grounds, are Amazing. The cute Chapel of Love is worth a look as well, even if you're 'just browsing.' Adjacent to that is a way-cool statue and history of Benjamin "Bugsy" Siegel. The plaque will tell you the history of ownership of The Flamingo, including its first owner, Bugsy.I'd like to come back here in several months and see what's doing. There's much to like here -- and yet there's still many things left undone to qualify for a completed renovation.  I'm betting they can make it happen.
2	Check in was crazy. A single line through the ropes of about 60 people. Luckily, my wife spotted a kiosk for computerized check in. No line, quick & simple. 3 choices of rooms. We took higher for better view. Got better view of construction & top of Imperial Palace. Want coffee? Mrs. Fields has it & a 15 minute line with a single employee. Room needs to be remodeled. The pink/grey fur at the foot of the bed could have been leftovers from a cousins van, circa 1979. Spotty electrical in the room is making recharging of electronics difficult. Tough to take pictures with dead batteries. The adult pool was nice. Cool water & lots of hormones. It made for an amusing afternoon for these 40 somethings. The booty shaking contest was the highlight. Having stayed at The Mirage, Luxor, et al. I won't be back.
4	YOUR GUIDE TO A SUCCESSFUL FLAMINGO HOTEL STAYAfter pretty much reading nothing but negative reviews I think I need to share what I think makes for a great Flamingo Hotel experience.  We have done an annual man-cation here for the last 4 years in July and  I don't have a single complaint and below are a couple reasons why.  I do understand the Flamingo can be a little difficult to navigate and in some aspects has kind of turned into a In and Out Burger type establishment where you need to know the secret menu but here is your secret menu:1.  This is the FLAMINGO so you are already setting yourself up for failure if you go in expecting the Wynn or some other fancy hotel I have only seen the outside of.  Wrap your head around that before booking at this hotel.  I am not someone who subscribes to the theory of just getting a crap hotel because you are never in it.  I want a good bed and nice shower even if I do plan on being in the room 6 hours over the course of 3 days.  You can still get a quality room at the Flamingo if you know what you are doing2.  BOOKING A ROOM:When you get a room spend the extra money and get a Go Room.  Don't pay for the upgrade for the rooms with the crap fake wood floor.  A Go Room I say.  Don't pay for a suite unless you are already in a gambling mood.  Some can be great and others can look like an apartment circa 1972.  Getting a standard room is like asking for your room to smell of cat urine and vomit.  Again if you are in the gambling mood give it a whirl.  The Go Rooms are clean for the most part and modern.  Good shower and bed with an I pod docking station for listening to good jams before you go out.3.  CHECKING IN:This can be a cluster mess of epic proportion if you allow it but follow this method and you will be good to go and laughing at the individuals in line for hours having a breakdown. We do this every year and have not had a problem yet.  First, DO NOT arrive at check in time and actually do not check in after 1pm ever.  Figure out a way to get there early.  Last year we tried to check in at 8am.  Of course we couldn't but that is not the point.  If you are flying to Vegas have the cab driver drop you off at the Valet and call over a bell hop.  If you drive to Vegas go to the Valet and call over a bell hop.  The bell hop will take your bags and give you a ticket.  First problem already solved.  Now you have just avoided being the people carrying their luggage through the hotel running into trash cans and small children along the way.  The people with their luggage on the Strip are hopeless so forget about them. Now you may be able to check in early for a small fee and if so great, you simply call down when you get to your room and your bags arrive and everybody is happy.  Now if you are like us and try to check in at 8am this is never going to work but what you will do is knock out everything that is needed with the front desk so when you come back at 3pm or whenever you go into a different line.  A few minutes an then you get your room key and are done because you have already completed the credit card/ID crap.  When you try and check in too early at the front desk they will point out this separate line for you to get in later in the day.4.  The POOL:  First of all RIP to the small pool which used to be the 21 and over pool and was topless at one time.  Nobody actually went topless, well a few people did but you get the idea.  So the large pool is 21 and up and the small pool is for families.  Families this hotel is really not the place for you.  You might think the location is great but I have about a million reasons why you should not stay here with the little ones. The Flamingo pool scene is good times and it is not the whole Encore pool scene vibe.  Get there early really early if you are the kind of person who wants a chair.  Remember this pool is also open to Bill's guest as well so the chairs fill up quick.  We usually pay the $200 and get the day bed for the day and there you have a home base to place your things, sit, lay or whatever you little heart desires.  It comes with a couple of free drinks or a bucket of beers.  You are in direct line for the booty shaking contest in the afternoon as well.  It is kind of cheesy but everyone is having a good time so just cheer for the brave girls who get up there and shake that thang.   The pool is big enough so although everyone is peeing it really does not effect you or at least me. I will say the vibe at the pool was a little weak this past year.  I thought the DJ just turned it to the local FM top 40 station and called it a day.  I am not trying to hate at all but the crowd did look a little rough around the edges.  You know what I am talking about.  Some really LARGE white people with their umbrella drink in one hand and a basket of whatever nasty mess they ordered at the snack shop in the other.  Still plenty of good looking people.  Hope this helps
4	ok...so i realize its not really a 5 star hotel..but come on people, YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR. if you want a hotel like the bellagio, then pay for a room at the bellagio. I for one did not want to spend 150+ a night. so instead i spent 120 dollars for 3 nights at the flamingo for an impromptu getaway with my boyfriend. and for that kind of money, it was BOMB!so what did i get for the 120?i got what i think was a double bed GO room, even though i booked a single bed cheap room which was a nice surprise. apparently they ran out of king size beds so we got a free upgrade. some cons about the room were that one of the lamps wouldnt turn on and there were two MYSTERIOUS yellow drops on our rug....(we are going to assume the worst and say it was barf?) didn't complain about the "barf" tho becuz i didn't feel like switching rooms. Another thing about the room was that it was facing the parking garage for the imperial palace, which was also going to be demolished at 3am. We had gotten a note apologizing for the inconvenience, and to a lot of people i'm sure it would have been, but for me and my boyfriend it was the coolest thing about the room! and believe me, watching that garage go down was really exhilarating! other aspects of the room like the size gets a 5, cleanliness(other than barf rug) and decorations deserve a solid 4. (again, remember, we are only paying 20 dollars a night per person.... REALLY not that bad) we also got a free coupon booklet that had all these buy one get one free deals which was nice. i mean, the deals were mostly "buy a (cheap hotel name) buffet and get one free" really not that great of food i know. but think about it, me and my boyfriend were literally paying 15 dollars for 2 people's dinners. i mean the food tastes like 15 dollar food, but i am also only paying half of that. and having as much frozen yogurt that i wanted. definitely worth the money. it also had coupons for the shops in the forum which was nice, and a coupon even for the rio buffet which was EXTREMELY NICE, but this is about the flamingo....i also really liked the flamingos LOCATION. right across the street from my favorite sites in vegas which are serendipity 3 (ate there 2 of the three days) and the forum! it was also right next to my favorite cheap gambling hotel which was bills gamblin' saloon (lots of 5 dollar blackjack tables open!) its also in the middle of the strip and within walking distance of the bellagio's water show, and TI's pirate ship.aspects of the flamingo itself i liked were of course the bird garden zoo thing (even tho it smelt of bird poop) and the pool was pretty nice for what it was.now the flamingo loses a star because of customer service, or lack there of. checking in and out is a slow, time consuming process. I remember at caesars palace it was maybe 2 minutes. here it was a good 15 minutes and we were only 4 groups from the front. also, the first day we were there they didnt have any of the coupon booklets available so i had to go back the next day which wasn't a problem. the problem was when i did go back, i stood aside waiting for the next available person becuz my question was going to take a grand total of 5 seconds. they tried to get me to stand in the check in line again and i refused to because i wasn't going to wait half an hour! i went up after a women was done with her customer and instead of doing the customer service thing and asking what she could help me with, she ignored me. it was ridiculous. i know she thought i was rude for coming up to her even though she hadnt called me up and i know she assumed i just wanted to cut everyone else in line(which was true) but still. even when you think your customer is being rude they are still your customer and you do what you can. I am also in customer service and i know how aggravating it is when someone does that, but i also know that i still help them with the same level of service becuz its my fucking job! im not there to teach them manners, thats not why i'm paid. i'm paid to shut my mouth and help and that woman needs to learn that.however i'm sure that was an independent persons response to me and not the flamingos fault, but they should be more aware of the people they have working for them.overall i thought the flamingo was worth every dime i spent there. and that is why i rated it so highly
4	Just recently stayed at the Flamingo and I am SO GLAD I DID. I stayed 2 nights (monday, and tuesday) and got a GO Deluxe room for $35 a night which I thought was pretty awesome. And they gave us a coupon book with lots of good deals. The room was a wonderful 65 degrees all the time, had a tv in the bathroom mirror so you could soak in the tub and watch tv at the same time. Funky cool pink paint and lights in the bathroom also. Nice view of the pool, curtains were opened and closed automatically with a switch on the wall. The room was very clean, big and fresh. The flamingo is in a great spot on the strip making it easy to see lots of stuff. I only went in the 21+ pool area it was busy but fun, and very large. The drinks were expensive to me, bout $15 for a margarita but I swear that was the best freakin margarita I've ever had in my life!!I signed up for the Total Rewards card and that was cool because I got discounts in the shops, restaurants, AND got to go in a separate line for check-in so I didn't have to wait like everybody else =D Its free to sign up and well worth itThird day of the trip I tried out the buffet there, the Paradise Garden Buffet. It was not crazy big, but it had a good selection. I went for lunch and there was a taco area, pizza, fried chicken, salad bar, shrimp, orange chicken, chocolate fountain, a woman making fresh crepes etc. Used one of the coupons from the book we received at check-in, plus my total rewards card, and ended up paying $27 for 2 people lunch buffet (soft drinks included). Plus they were advertising all you can drink beer/wine for an extra $10 bucks if you are into that.The casino dealers were very nice and explained the rules and walked me through the games being a 1st time gambler. Hotel was very clean from rooms to lobby, pool etc, there are always people around cleaning.I only have 2 complaints: 1. the morning we were checking out, check out is at 11am. I went to take a shower at 10am and there was no hot water. The past couple days I took a few showers there were no issues so I'm not sure what happened, but I didn't make a big deal we were leaving anyhow.2. the restaurant Carlos and Charlies--Terrible, don't go there. Its inside the Flamingo, and although the decor is nice the food is substandard and pricey. Chips and Salsa is not free if you want it its an appetizer. I got a burrito which is $15 (who the heck charges that much for a freakin burrito?!?!) and it was not good at all. Green sauce was way to spicy, chicken tasted like it was from mcdonalds. Chipolte is higher class and better qualityOVERALL.....the flamingo is a nice clean fun place to stay that is in a great location without breaking a college budget. Go Flamingo or go home. lol =)
1	This hotel is a waste of money. There was a flood in our bathroom and when the hotel moved us, they DOWNGRADED us!!!!!! It was not a major weekend and the hotel was NOT booked to capacity! The manager was unproffessional, had a ghetto attitude from the beginning of our conversation and she disrespectful when we left the hotel.  I think her name was Anya and there was no higher manager at the hotel on the weekend, they only work during the week. She was HORRIBLE. Not to mention, the staff all smelled of cigarettes and they had so customer service, let alone, hospitality. dont downgrade because the price is right, the headache is not worth it.
1	I love Vegas and love to try different hotels. I was told Flamigo was great, so we decided to try.  It was the WORST experience I have ever had in a hotel!1.  The first room they gave us was not cleaned.  In addition, the black blanket on the bed was coverd in a white substance which we took a wild guess what it was.  2.  We asked to change rooms and when they did they a.  downgraded our room as we paid for a strip view b.  the light in the bathroom didnt work.3.  We called a manager to inform them of the situation and he offered a 100 comp and to get our light fixed.  This was at 8am in the morning.4. When we came back to our room at 5 pm our light was not fixed.5.  When we went to use the comp, it was not there.  I called another manager and she said there was nothing she would do and hung up on me.
4	I booked a Go Deluxe room for my friend's bachelorette party and I was pleased with it.  The room itself was really cute with the vinyl headboards and pink stripe wallpaper, we had a nice view of the Bellagio fountains and got a pretty good discounted rate by booking directly on their site. The bathroom door was weird (it wouldn't stay open, it would just slowly creep closed no matter what) and you could kind of see through it but none of us were too bothered. No free wifi but that seems to be standard.  Always found parking in the garage and as people have said it's located pretty centrally.  The driveway is really stupid though- you have to drive between the Flamingo and Bill's Gamblin' Hall and there are tons of people walking between the two and you just have to plow ahead and hope the drunk people don't get themselves run over!  I asked at the front desk for a cot and they gave me kind of a weird answer- if you don't get one delivered in 5 minutes then it means we can't. Okay...well, we got one, it was apparently terribly uncomfortable, I think the little couch we had would have been much better to sleep on but no one would believe me!  The flamingo habitat was a little underwhelming, I think it might be under construction.  But overall I thought it was a perfectly nice place to stay and I liked that it has a little old-school Vegas flava versus some of the other strip hotels.Also worth noting is the positive experience I had at one of the shops -Flamingo Apparel.  I way underpacked for my trip and didn't have anything the least bit flashy to wear but walking past this store and I saw amid all the sparkly older lady fashions (like Chico's but Bedazzled) this kinda gaudy but cute maxi dress on sale for $29.99 which was just what I needed! They actually had a whole rack of cute maxi dresses on sale and the saleslady was so extremely friendly and helpful I knew I needed to Yelp it! I was shocked that my deep discount dress purchase awarded me such excellent customer service!
4	Fun place! I'm no hotel snob so I found the Flamingo to be really reasonable for the price and location. The driveway to get into the hotel parking is kind of dumb - you're fighting the foot traffic between the Flamingo and Bill's so we waited for what seemed like forever before flooring it and almost knocking some people out the way. Once at the parking structure we almost weren't allowed in because we didn't have a room key because we hadn't yet checked in, but seeing all our luggage in the backseat was sufficient enough, thank goodness. We had booked a Go Room with two queen beds for myself, my husband and a friend. Check-in was slooooww with only one line for people checking in and out. The woman who was supposed to be checking us in was RUDE. Her name started with an "M" and she had black hair.. just try not to end up at her window if you can help it because she gave us the hardest time.  Finally we got into our rooms. After waiting 30 minutes for the bellboy to bring up our things, we called down to see what the holdup was. "10 more minutes, there's one more guest ahead of you," we were told. 30 more minutes and another phone call later our bags arrived. That put a small damper on our eagerness to start partying right away but we got over that quickly. Our room had the most amazing view of the Strip and the Bellagio fountains. With small mirrored panels above each bed complete with those naked Hollywood bulbs surrounded by an all-white bed frame and headboard, the room had a bit of a retro-futuristic feel. The bathroom was cool with a sliding frosted door and a TV inside the mirror. The pool party on Saturday morning was just as we expected it to be - an overly warm pool overflowing with drunken 20 somethings. The vibe was energetic and fun, and the grotto area with the waterfalls was really fun. There was also a booty shaking contest which really got everyone riled up... I see a Vegas baby boom from that weekend in the near future. The WiFi here sucks. The hallways trip me out - I don't know if it's the colors of the huge number of rooms stretching endlessly, but when you're intoxicated beware! It could be hard to find your room.. personal experience.The lobby and casino were constantly bustling - quick tip: buy your bottles of water and other drinks elsewhere because the beverage shop inside the casino on your way out to the Strip charges about $4.50 for a bottle of water. Although desperate times call for desperate measures.Overall, the Flamingo is a decently budget-friendly hotel and we would stay here again!
3	Nice enough, but older hotel.  I feel that sometimes you can find a slightly nicer place for the same price.  Great Location; Great Staff; lots of extras at the resort to take advantage of.  I would go back.
5	nice clean relaxing rooms, had a view of the strip both times i stayed, and im a local ;) nice central part of the strip to stay at for the surrounding casinos (Planet HollyWood, Paris, Ceasars) also enjoyed the pink decor. one of the cheaper--NICER places to stay when youre in town.
5	Now we are talkin' Las Vegas Classic. The Flamingo was built by infamous gangster Benjamin "Bugsy" Siegel. It was the first 'European style hotel on The Las Vegas Strip (meaning it did not have the ubiquitous sawdust on the floor of the traditional Gamblin' Halls of Las Vegas at the time.) Siegel designed the pool to always be in the sun, a very cool feature. It also was the first to feature A List entertainment, evening gowns and tuxedos. All of that is all but gone, they do, however, have real Flamingos. It is worth it to stop in and breath in the faint trace of yesteryear. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
3	I just returned from a three day stay at the Flamingo.  Overall the price and central location in the middle of the strip makes it a great value for the money.   A few observations on my most recent trip.  1. Pool - The main reason I stayed here is because of the pool party and once again it did not disappoint.  The pool is beautiful.  Get there early in the summer months because the chairs fill up quick.  Depending on the time of year you'll get a slightly different crowd.  Way more college students in the June-August time period.  There always seems to be a good mix of people here and the people watching is great.  The staff working the pool area has been great every time I've been there. 2. Casino - its an old casino.  Other than the pink decorative cues here and there it pretty much looks like any of the other low-mid budget resorts on the strip.   It tends to be an older clientele.  If you want to go somewhere that feels less like a retirement home you're a short walk to nearly all of the newer casinos on the strip.3. The food here sucks.  By far the worst is the Center Cut Steakhouse.  Pricing is on par with Mortons or Capital Grill.  I got the "Center Cut" NY Strip.  The cut of meat I got was extremely tough and overcooked.  The person I was with got a Filet and it was similarly bad.  For a ~$45 steak I'd expect a lot better.  Sides are ala carte.  We got a potato and vegetable based side and both seemed to be seasoned with a big pile of salt and their homemade popovers were so undercooked it was like eating bread dough.   Carlos and Charlies wasn't good either.  The food court is mediocre even by foodcourt standards.   The buffet was ok but nothing spectacular.  I haven't eaten at the other restaurants in the resort but given they're track record at the ones I have eaten at I'd go somewhere else.  If you must eat here, get the buffet.4. Rooms and Decor - The decor in the casino is fine for an old hotel.  The decor in the actual room areas is kind of junky especially in the tower that runs parallel to Imperial Palace.  The carpet in the hallway was filthy and the carpentry work on the hallway walls was pretty shoddy.  Empty pizza boxes and room service trays sat in the hall way for most of the day.  In the room, there is cheap faux hard wood floors and two of my electrical outlets did not work.  The suites look like they haven't been updated since the mid 80s. Overall despite the many negative comments, I'd still stay here again. The pool party makes it worth while (this effect is negated in the Nov-April months).  Plus for the price and the location so close to most of the newer resorts you can't beat it.  Afterall, you probably won't spend much time in your room anyway.
4	I also reviewed the Flamingo on Trip Adviser but figured I'd do a Yelp as well.  I stayed there for the LVBDI over Sept 5-8 and had a group convention rate.  Even with the regular rates for the Flamingo, it still stays firmly in the mid-priced hotel range for the strip.  With the amenities it has (pool, spa, food court, restaurants, garden area) it really is a good value for the money.  Yes, it's old and the renovation didn't seem to take care of the hallway carpet or the bathroom cabinets, but if you're looking for new then you've come to the wrong hotel.I had a FAB room with two beds that looked out on the strip and it was perfectly acceptable and cleaned each day.  The walls are thin and the large window area does let in some noises from the strip so bring ear plugs if you're a light sleeper.With check-in/out, I had a diamond card as one of the convention directors so the VIP check-in was quick and easy.  If you don't have a diamond card and do not need any kind of consideration with your room, try the automated check-in/out that is to the side of the hotel check in desk.  I used that last year and it was much better than standing in the long line.As already noted, as they work on the Linq construction the parking garage and valet is only for the hotel guests and convention attendees.  However, Bill's right next door usually has open spots and is an easy walk right to the casino.  Note that the best access to the garage and valet is not off Las Vegas Boulevard but at the back of the casino off Audrie Street.
4	This review is souly for the Go Rooms, which is an upgraded room and you pay a little more than a standard room.Man, I remember when we were rushing to check-in because it was minutes away from the start of our The Beatles Love show at the Mirage and the front desk lady offered us if we wanted to upgrade for a Go Room, and was like who cares! check us in quick! and guess what? I'm glad that we made that rash decision because these Go Rooms are nice!I kinda felt like Austin Powers staying in one of them, striped pink walls, hot pink lights in the bath its psychedelic! We even had the view of the strip (of course the view is amazing!) and to top off our nightlife we went dancing the night away at the Carnaval Court Bar just outside the Harrah's, not too far from the Flamingo. Our main event was to be at Beatles Love and Im glad that we where able to make it to the show on-time!  Staying at one of the Go Rooms complimented our overall experience to remember. Checkout the Flamingos outside the courtyard, beautiful.
3	Not my favorite hotel on the strip.  I've stayed here a couple of times and the hotel definitely is in need of renovation.  They've modernized a section of the hotel with Hipper linens and decor, but the room is still the same.  Old.  But since it's comped, I can't really complain.  How much time does a person spend in their room in Vegas anyways?!Gambling here has been hit and miss.  There are times when I've had a blast (aka winning money) and other times where I wish I never hit the casino in the first place!  But I do like the dealers and crowd here for the most part.  I wish the casino served grey goose since a lot of other casinos do and I play the same min on the tables, but for a couple of drinks, Flamingo will do.  If fully comped, I'd stay and gamble here again!
3	This place was okay.  We got a king room here because the other nearby hotels were either sold out of ridiculous.  I was surprised to see a hardwood-esque floor in there, which I actually liked since hotel carpet tends to smell.This being Vegas, we didn't stay in our room much except to crash and shower, but it did have a nice flat-screen TV and nice firm mattress, just the way I like it.  There is also express checkout, and you can even check in from a kiosk downstairs.Minus points for: below-average (for Vegas) lobby area, long front desk lines, thin walls in the hotel room that caused me to hear folks talking about old underwear on the floor at like 8 AM in the morning, as well as all their hair-drying and showering and who knows what other noises, ugh.
4	You get what you pay for. The rooms we stayed in were outdated and the furniture inside has seen better days. The location and staff were great! If you want something on the cheaper side, this is the place.Just don't expect TOO much (i.e fans in the bathroom, extra towels or toiletries, extra seating in the room, a fridge, internet, cell phone reception etc...)
5	We really had a good week here recently! We arrived in town early on a Sunday, checked in (surprisingly short line!), but rooms were not ready yet as they had had a busy weekend. No problem, we checked our luggage and went to get something to eat. We checked back in at the desk and were given our rooms (we always upgrade to GO Rooms), and shortly after that our luggage was brought up to us! The staff was very friendly and helpful. Our rooms were very nice, cleaned daily and always while we were out. I loved our view, best we've ever had in countless trips to Vegas. The bed was very comfy. We even had a fridge in our room! There are plenty of elevators in this hotel and you can use different ones to get quicker access to different parts of the hotel/casino. We loved meeting for breakfast on the patio in the gardens where we would sit with a muffin and coffee and plan our day. The pool was nice too. We did not get a car due to traveling with a group this time so it was nice to be so centrally located with access to everything we wanted to do. We tried the new Carlos N Charlies' restaurant and it was good. We also like the food court, very handy with plenty of options. Our only complaint was with the restaurant, while the food & service were pretty good the problem was when it was time to leave we had to wait in a long line to pay our bill! They could have used a few more staff people to expedite this process.
1	One word: EEW!  If you're not staying in a 'GO' room... Just say No! Our delux room had stains all over the carpets, furniture that was beaten and chipped, and a college dorm fridge that was warm and set on the floor randomly in our room.When we called to ask for a different room they told us 'no' and pretty much told us to leave if we didnt like it. Thank you 'Leah', room assignments, you drove us to the Mandalay Bay where we are soooooo much happier for just $50 more!!! They are great to us here and our room isnt dark, depressing, or look like a crime scene.I guess 'thats what you get for waking up in Flamingo Hilton! '
2	Everyone knows the history of Vegas and should know that the Flamingo Hotel was the first hotel operated by Benjamin (Bugsy) Siegel but alas people think this is the original Flamingo but NO it's not! The original Flamingo was demolished around the 70's to make way for bigger up to date resorts just like they are doing currently.  I picked the Flamingo because we got a comp room for a Go Room Deluxe Strip View room over the weekend (which can be very pricey) and thought it would be a great deal since it's free on the weekend, recently renovated and right smack on the central strip.  We were transferring from Bellagio after staying 2 nights and stayed 2 more nights at the Flamingo and there is comparison between the 2 resorts other then the location. Valet parking was horrible as the line to valet was long until the attendant came and told us the parking garage was full and we had to leave our car outside for it to be parked. We needed the bell guy to take our bags from our car and when he arrived and waited around 20 minutes for him to arrive and when he arrived he picked up the bags and put his hand out and and wanted a tip right away and I thought that pissed me off but I didn't to make a scene so I tipped him a $1. Going to the check in area was a bit of a stretch from the the valet area, you'd have to take the escalator up to the lobby area and walk across the mall area and a few restaurants to get to the front desk where you are greeted with a long line. Also the some of the Flamingo Hotel employees were doing some dance around the lobby area, probably for some employee appreciation thing which I find odd since I never seen that before. The ventilation is a bit smokey and you can also smell a scent they pump in the air like a tropical or coconut smell probably to help clear out the smoke smell. Elevator area was very outdated and very retro 70's like and needed a massive overhaul, the hallway up to the room was very clean in our tower with the pink and white color tones that blends in the the renovated go tower. Not all the towers were renovated as you can tell when walking from one tower to another the hall goes from clean and vibrant to just filthy, old and smokey. Our Go Deluxe Room very nice and clean and appreciated the fridge and complimentary coffee maker and 2 coffee packets. The TV was a flat screen but the remove didn't work and so I called housekeeping and found out the batteries were dead but were replaced right away. The beds were very soft but what bothered was the no wifi in the room so I can check for any important email on my phone and check the news on my smart phone. But I'd have to pay $30 for 6 hours  only for the hotel part and if I wanted to use it throughout the Flamingo property, I would have to pay more I thought was a total rip off. The bathroom was pretty nice but needed some maintenance with the bathroom door not closing all the way and the shower jets on the wall was a nice touch but it would leave the bathroom partially flooded. I liked the small TV built inside the bathroom mirror but I hardly used it but the AC was very strong in the room ad felt like an ice chest, the view of the strip was a nice touch with the Bellagio fountains in the left side of the window and Caesars in the front but at night you can hear the music from Pure nightclub with the thumb thump sound which didn't annoy me a lot and it did stop around 4 am when I would be getting ready for bed. =P After coming from the Bellagio pool, I didn't expect a lot from the Flamingo pool are other then the pictures I've seen on the website but average and not too classy but was very disappointed. The music was very loud with beer bottles all around the pool and trash floating on the water takes away the ambiance and the crowd was full of undesirables but had some eye candy and that helped out, not too much. The security guards at the entrance felt like I was going through a TSA checkpoint in Los Angeles and asked me to open my bag and checked my ID if I was over 21 so I can stay with in GO pool area. Sadly I always look forward to staying in the pools in Vegas especially in the 100+ heat but I only stayed for less then an hour and decided to just walk to the strip to shrug off this horrible pool experience. Customer service and restaurants were average and the casino needed a major overhaul, they did have a food court in the lobby but it wasn't worth the money spent. I gave the Flamingo 2 stars for the location and 1 star for the comped renovated room. Would I stay here again?Maybe if it was free but I'd rather pay more for a more upscale hotel.
3	I wanted to stay on the strip for a fair price and Flamingo hotel met my financial requirement. It's not the best hotel in Vegas but it's also not the worst. They just renovated so the room i stayed in was nice. There weren't any noise or bug problems, service was accommodating, and the valet acted professional. The downside is the check in line takes forever, I was lucky to check in early before the madness started. Let me put it this way, I saw some tourists in line when i went to gamble, shop, eat, gamble again, drink, and gamble one last time and when I came back those same tourists were still in line! Note: When you check out you can avoid the line by checking out on your tv, just follow their easy directions. Also, if you are late packing up you can call and ask for an extra hour to check out for free.
4	Ok So i am a review hog! i will read reviews on an establisment months in advance of staying somewhere. I went for a three day weekend for my birthday a trip to LV from NY and i knew this time around i had to be in the middle of the strip. last time i was here i stayed at excalibur also not  a bad place but defianatly to far down the strip for my taste.FLAMINGO FAB LUXURY ROOM: NOT bad at all this is why;1. My room was cleaned everyday i was there and i had fresh towels2.i stayed in the habitat tower not sure if there are any other towers but this tower was close to all exits to move around easily.3. the decor is what it is updated to an extent but really lets be serious how much TIME do you really spend in your room in vegas?4. i did understand the old bathroom reviews for this room and i did see the chiped paint and wished there was a fan in the bathroon (i hate a foggy mirror) but again for a short fun weekend jumping in and out a shower before hitting the strip takes under an hour right? i loved the full leghth mirror in the bathroom while getting ready great feature for anyone.5. ok so my view of the strip from my FAB Luxury room was not the most fab i was able to see ceasars across the street a bit of the mirage and a bit or the street again i was not wasting my fun time in a room glaring out a window instead of being outside. i did liked the fact that i can see club PURE which i hit up from my room window before going :).So the food court not bad there are a ton of places to eat in vegas but when you just want to have some wings or a good burger Johny Rocket was ther to save the day for me. i tried the BUFFET at the FLAMINGO for BREAKFAST and let me just say IDK what is wrong with people and there reviews but its really hard to mess up breakfast. The buffet was not bad it was not fabulous but it was ok be prepared to wait on a line for that as well, as everyone has stated the best part is grabing a seat by the windows to enjoy the early sunshine and koi fish swinmming around great view to start the day.THE FLAMINGo GO POOL:1. i read the reviews to go early i did and grabed 2 seats left something on them and when i came back my stuff was gone and someone took our seats than argued with us smh if you know me security had to be called :/ but offered me any 2 seats for the next morning and i could come down after the early morning rush and have the seats i want thanks Mr. Security guard( i didt make it down the next day but thanks).2. the water was a bit colder than i expected.3. i did not see any beer bottle are cups floating around the pool.4. Music was  not bad not great but not the worst.5. Didt stay for the booty shaking contest and the party crowd i was expecting was not as live as i was anticipating.Overall not a bad place to stay in the middle ofthe strip the staff was friendly and i had easy checkout with a guy with an ipad it took less than a minute to check out and drop my cards in a little box, i was also givin a free hour longer for check out which worked out great :)
3	We stayed here for one night over Labor Day Weekend. It was a Thursday night and we were able to get a room for $39, what a freaking deal! The room looked like it belonged in Barbie's Dream House - White with Bright Pink accents. The hotel is a homage to old school Vegas, and I dig that. I wouldn't wan to spend a whole weekend there, but for one night, solid choice.We also went to the Breakfast Buffet and it was SO AMAZING! So much food, and it was GOOD. Typically when you go to a buffet the waffles are soft because of the trays they keep them in - Not this one! Crunchy like they just came out of the waffle iron! Yum!
3	I recently stayed at the Flamingo during a trip to Vegas, and here's my assessment of the hotel, broken down into a list of pros and cons:Pros:Location ~ The location is superb. It's sandwiched between the Imperial Palace and Bally's and is right across the street from Caesars. Couldn't get any closer to the action.View from your room ~ Even though we didn't get a room with a view of the strip, we had the next best thing: a view of the Flamingo's beautiful gardens. Very pretty!Noise level ~ I thought the room we had was very quiet. I'm a rather light sleeper and have to sleep with a sound machine at home, but I didn't have a problem with noise while staying at the Flamingo. That could also be because I drank heavily while I was there, but that's beside the point.Room rate ~ I thought the cost of the room for Wednesday through Friday nights was very reasonable. Cons: Check-in ~ We waited 45 minutes to check-in to the hotel. That's unacceptable! There were two clerks working at the front desk checking people in, and that was definitely not enough. Wouldn't they rather have people out in the casino gambling than waiting in line to check in?!?! It doesn't make any sense! They were way understaffed.Rooms ~ I know all the rooms have been "updated," but I didn't think they were all that nice. Instead of having carpeting, as most hotel rooms do, our room had some type of laminate flooring that resembled hardwood. Perfect for cleaning up spills and vomit! The bathroom was super-tiny. The door barely cleared the toilet seat. Also, the bathroom didn't look like it had been updated at all. Old tile, old vanity. Not very modern.Cab service ~ When we went to leave on Saturday afternoon, there were no cabs downstairs! None! Nada! Zip! Zilch! A huge line of people were waiting for a cab. Ridiculous! I don't know if all the cabs were picking up people from the fancier hotels and weren't going to hotels like the Flamingo, but it was a cabbie ghost town there. Overall, the Flamingo isn't a bad place to stay, but it's not the best. As with most things in life, you get what you pay for.
4	CONS:Parking situation sucked.  VALET WAS FULL but when we self-parked there were tons of spaces at 2:00am.They layout is odd, so there's one bank of elevators and they are small elevators.$6 for a draft beer? PROS:Laminate flooring in renovated rooms.Very clean.Good price ($99).No resort fees.In the heart of the strip.Desk staff was nice.I would definitely stay here again because the location and the price appeals to the gamblers and non-gamblers in our group.
3	My go to spot for accomodations while in Vegas.  The Flamingo certainly isn't the most extravagant place to stay but it isn't a complete dump either.  The newer Fab and Go rooms are upgraded with tvs in the bathroom mirrors (!!!), flatscreen Tv, modern decor, and plush bedding.  I've never had a room with a bad view, whether it be of the strip or the pools/outdoor wildlife habitat.  There is a decent buffet with a nice selection of desserts as well as a food court, several smaller spots to get a coffee or quick snack, Sin City Brewery, Center Cut Steakhouse, Carlos'n Charlie's (Mexican), and Tropical Breeze restaurant.  Attached to the Flamingo is Margaritaville (both the restaurant and Margaritaville Casino).  My only complaint about the casino itself is that it by far the most freezing cold casino I have ever stepped foot in.  Casinos are generally chilly but Flamingo takes the cake.  The pool area is nice with chairs and cabanas that can be rented as well as flotation devices.  No fancy shopping here aside from a few small shops and no club or "must try" bar/restaurant.  Overall, I have no serious issue with the Flamingo and usually recommend it to family and friends who don't mind a "no frills" hotel that is fairly budget friendly.
3	If your looking for the "Vegas Experience" (Tacky pink rooms, old people at slot machines with oxygen tank and a cigarette, etc.) this is the place to go. Be prepared to be nickel and dimed to death (pay for Wi-Fi, etc.)
3	The new fab-rooms are nice. The laminate floors make it feel clean, which may have given them bonus points.  And we ended up with a room facing the strip so the view was pretty good... could kind of see the Bellagio fountains from the window.  The bed was probably the best I've slept on in a hotel. Not as good as home but damn decent.Downsides include the noise. Noise from the street isn't terrible but it is audible. Until the air conditioning unit kicks in, then that noisy bugger is what you hear.While we're talking about the air conditioner: it drips water. I'm going to assume it's like the compressor on your vehicle dripping condensation... or else I'm going be really grossed out by what dripped on me.The bathrooms were not renovated when the room was. Wallpaper was peeling. The chromed fixtures were rusting. The fan didn't work. The shower head had crappy pressure.
3	Still a decent value here for a place in the center of the strip.  One of the most beautiful pools in Vegas. No resort feeCASINO rating3 out of 5 stars - Mix of 8/5 7/5 JOB machines, be careful.  Blackjack is largely 6/5, but being right under the pole dancers is worth the addl loss to many male fans.  Fun place.  Craps is 3-4-5 and has the Fire Bet.  Poker room is adequate.
3	The bad:I wasn't expecting the Bellagio, but with the description of the newly refurbished rooms, I was expecting something a little more than what we were staying in. Taxis are so ridiculous to catch! We waited probably 20 minutes for a taxi.Getting carded every 10 minutes. At no other casino did I have to show my ID so much. I'm 5 months from 30 and married, plus I was constantly carrying a beer around, do I really have to show my ID every time I sit down? I should take it as a compliment I guess. My husband got carded, though not as much, and this was AFTER he showed his players card. I'm not sure how many minors have such a high status, but it got a little out of hand.  The mattress is the MOST uncomfortable mattress I have ever slept on. Oh my gosh, I can't believe I have to lay on it for two more nights. Plus, the pillows that come standard on the bed are cheap polyester filling. I have never stayed at a hotel that doesn't offer feather down pillows automatically. We had to call down and ask for feather pillows, which we were told were on the bed. "Ok, awesome, but they're not." The air conditioner does not get cold. I woke up several times in the night sweating. We set it on 65 and it has yet to drop below 74 the whole time. The line for checking in was CRAZY long. Thankfully, my husband's status with the hotel got us to the front of the line, and we were in and out super fast.The people selling shows in the casino are extremely pushy, and everywhere. Give me a break, we just got off a 12 hour stint in the airport, I'm pushing luggage through the lobby, get the hell out of my face.Ok, now the good points about this hotel:Staff on the casino floor is very nice and friendly, granted they are working on tips also, but they will explain things and were very kind. Drinks came to us pretty quick.The room was pretty enough. And the housekeeping staff did a great job of making our beds and keeping it clean.Fantastic location. No, seriously. FAN- freaking- tastic location. We have stayed up and down and in the middle of the strip, and this part of the strip is always the best.Room service needs were quick.The energy in the casino is fun!!!Our rooms are always comped. Long story short, if you stay here, don't expect a luxury resort, but it's good enough for a short trip and fun gambling.
2	The remodel looks nice, however eventhough it was 80 degrees out they still shut down the other pools and when my mom put her feet in the one functioning pool the life guard came up to her and said "I don't think you want to do that...someone just threw up in the same area"  After that we just decided to go back to the room...so gross! and the fact that they didn't try to clean up the pieces of throw up floating in the pool is even nastier...
5	We ended up here b/c it was cheapish and on the strip and we were happily surprised.  The rooms have had an upgrade and are fairly "hip" and the regular restaurant was great.  Really good burger.  Forgot what the BR had but it was also good(cheesesteak?  Extra bacon blt?)  I'd eat there again and I'd stay there again.  I also liked that it was a super easy walk to the other casinos and that they had a good poker room.  Won a bit at Pai gow and at craps, so that never hurts.  I"d stay there again in a heartbeat..
1	Can I give this place no stars?Pros: It was cheap and the room was clean... at first. Cons: When I slept in past noon the first day -- in part because it took more than an hour to find a parking spot since there is little to no parking, not even valet parking, at the hotel itself -- the room did not get serviced. I even called housekeeping to tell them when I was leaving since I had the "do not disturb" note on past noon, but when I came back in the evening the room had not been serviced.When I called the front desk, I was told that putting up the "do not disturb" sign is the same as "declining service," and that once service was "declined" there is no guarantee you will ever get it. Declining service pretty much describes this place. Also, the patio at night -- don't look around too closely. It's crawling with some of the most amazing insect life you'll ever see. Also, booked a strip view room. I was 'upgraded' to a room with a view of... I dunno... it looked like Lebanon, but I was told it's a construction zone. When I told them that's not what I'd call an upgrade, they told me the room is slightly bigger, therefore it's an upgrade, and don't ask them to do anything else about it. If you have a limited budget and low expectations, go ahead and stay here. If you except hotels to have any even limited standard of service, there are much better options on the Strip for the same or a little more money.
4	Summary:  Stay here if you want the cheapest name-brand hotel with the perfect location right in the middle of the strip.  Do not stay here if you want a luxury hotel.  The Flamingo gets a "split" review.  I give them 5 stars on location and price but as a stand-alone hotel they only get 2 stars...for me that breaks down to 4 stars overall because when you go to Vegas location means everything and this hotel is in the center of the strip.  If you want a luxury hotel, go somewhere else.  But if you want a cheap hotel this is the best option...because to get anything cheaper you'd have to go off the strip then that defeats the purpose of the whole vacation.Downsides:1.  Parking garage is poorly marked.  The sign said Flamingo guests could park on floors 3-5.  Starting on the third floor the spots were marked reserved for "FHRC" guests so we parked there.  When we checked in I asked if that was for Flamingo Hotel Resort and Casino guests and the clerk didn't know.  She was not helpful in getting an answer, after I pressed it she called someone else and they determined they thought those spots were for the Hilton Vacation resort guests.  We went and moved our car to a higher level and there were no reserved signs.  It got resolved, but the first sign should not have said that guests could park on the third floor and the clerks should know if "FHRC" is in fact their hotel and know where their guests should park.  Like I mentioned, we never did get a good answer on whose parking spots they were. 2.  The pool was closed in 1 Nov even though the weather is nice beyond that.  Their website showed a nice pool and it in fact looked nice.  We just couldn't use it.  We were there in early Nov and the weather was nice and other hotels had their pools open.3.  There is a TV in the bathroom but it gets different channels than the main TV.  I was there on election night and wanted to watch my favorite cable channel and had to play it from the bathroom.  4.  There is a Disney-style line (with rope blockades) to check in and check out.  The line wasn't too bad for us but still...that's what you get in Vegas.  Their hotels are like factories...you don't get a personal experience unless you go to a 5-star resort.5.  I stayed in an upgraded "go" room because it was only a little bit extra.  The rooms had a face-lift but you could tell the rooms were not completely re-done.  For example, the doors in the bathroom were frosted glass and they slid in place...but they didn't close tightly and there was no fan in the bathroom.  6.  No free breakfasts.  This is standard in Vegas hotels.  The Hampton Inn had free breakfast when I did my research...but it was 25% more expensive and off the strip.  7.  I had to pay 1 night in advance.  This seems fair to me, however in the American (and European) hotel markets you don't normally have to pay a cancellation fee if you book in advance.  This is off the subject, but I'd bet one day all hotels will charge for one night even if you cancel a week in advance. 8.  You have to pay to use the gym.  $10/day.  To be fair, it's a real gym...the equipment is probably from the '90's but it is a real gym.Positives:1.  The room had 2 extra shower heads on the wall for a total of 3.2.  Free parking and no "resort fees"3.  Cheap for a name-brand hotel on the strip4.  Location, location, location.  Not only is it on the strip, but it's in the middle of the strip.  It's the perfect location.5.  For all of the down sides, the hotel did not try to rip us off and there were no hidden fees.
2	This place is starting to show it's age.  The casino and lobby/registration areas are in dire need of a make over.  The rooms have recently been upgraded and I'm not a fan.  The pepto-bismol pink in the bathroom almost burned out my retinas.  And the frosted sliding glass door on the bathroom?  Bad idea. If you have to go to the restroom in the middle of the night, that light is going to seep into the sleeping area and not be very diffused.The location on the strip is great though.  It's easily within walking distance to just about everywhere.
1	This hotel gets a 1-star rating because they run what I consider to be an overcharging scheme. They charge EVERYONE an extra $200/room for incidentals but they don't tell you that when you check in or check out.  They eventually make sure that it's returned 7-10 business days later.  I booked 3 rooms...which means I had a $600 extra charge showing on my credit card account a few days after I checked out...that was a shock that  I didn't enjoy.  If they wanted to tie up $600 of my money for 2 weeks they should have been more forthcoming about it.  I researched it and it's technically in the very fine print when you check in...but I still consider this inappropriate.  I travel a lot and they are the only hotel that ever did this to me.  Just to be clear on this:  I made sure to check out in person instead of doing their "quick" check-out to make sure there were no surprises.  They told me I owed $72/room.  In fact, they initiated a $272/room charge to my credit account.  If they had told me "we charged you an extra $200 per room" and then explained it to me I would not have been as upset. It was the fact that they were sneaky about it that turned a bad experience into something I consider an overcharging scheme.
1	Ended up here because of a conference. Pros: I must say the staff was entirely gracious during our visit; they really do a great job of attending to your wishes. Comfy beds and pillows. Large shower and tub. Plush towels. Maids did a great job of cleaning each day and were very friendly. Please remember to tip your maid each day; they work hard.Cons: very smokey casino in need of better air exchange system; it just stinks. Very strange furnishings in rooms; not what I would call tasteful. Headboard is some tacky plastic button-type thing. Nine recessed lightbulbs above the bed - so weird. Bathroom door is just a sliding frosted glass, not much privacy there and let's a lot of light through when a person is using it. TV in the bathroom mirror = just silly, imo. Dirty carpeting by elevators and hallways. Lock didn't work on the room safe. Needs overall updating. Not classy. Have to pay for Wifi each day.Breakfast buffet:  average, and rather slow service. Ended up spending a fair amount of my spare time at other hotel/casinos to enjoy a nicer atmosphere.
3	We started at 5 stars when we arrived, but it slowly started going down as the days went on.The location is awesome and the rooms are great. We ended up on the top floor in a really cool room with rubber flooring that looks like hardwood (according to a maintenance guy). The decor was modern, although in typical Vegas fashion, they updated the room, but not the bathroom! The parking is horrendous, although when we first arrived it was fine. It got worse and worse, so by Friday it was completely full and we had to fight someone for a spot. One of the elevators broke and the parking structure is far from the entranceThe worst part was that the heating was broken in our room, so we were absolutely freeeeezing! On a fun trip it wouldn't have bothered me so much, but we were there for work. The freezing cold made it hard to sleep, which sucked because we had to get up crazy early every morning to work a tradeshow all day. I did appreciate that they compensated for this by giving us free buffet passes. My theory is they spent all their money renovating the rooms and had to stop. The carpeting is still really old and wrinkling and the parking garage is super old and confusing.
5	Awesome.So we get in, and as a hot tip, the check in kiosks suck. There was a reason we had to stand in line for like ten minutes behind smelly skanky girls to get into our room.But when we got in, damn. It was awesome.So the girl at the front was the sweetest lady ever. I don't remember her name, but she's from Torrance and she's awesome. She hooked it up with a free upgrade and let me tell you, it was freaking awesome.So our room was on the 22nd floor and was gigantic (like, my apartment is tiny so this was amazing gigantic). There were floor to celing windows that overlooked ceasars, the bellagio, and had a perfect view of the bellagios fountain show. It was way too awesome. We had a few couches, a gigantic flat screen, and there was a tv screen inside the bathroom mirror (which is how I found out Friends is on Nick at Nite- jeez I feel old). To top it all off, the curtains were controlled by a switch next to the bed. As in, when you flip a switch the curtains open and shut. Freaking baller. We booked through i4vegas, and the prices were really great.Overall, I had a fantastic time, I loved the habitat that they have, I love margaritaville, and I loved my time at the Flamingo. Thanks again!
2	We specifically searched for Las Vegas hotels based upon their pool facilities.  We found a site which listed the Top Ten Vegas Hotel Pools, and the Flamingo got the #2 spot.  So, we plunked down the bigger bucks for rooms in this hotel.Pool experience....bunk.  Strike one: the hot tubs and adult areas are segregated from the family friendly areas.  Which means that if you are a family or a group with families and childless couples, you may have to choose between being able to let the kids have fun or let the adults have fun.Strike two:  Closed for "wind".  Sure it was a bit windy and cool, but when better to enjoy a cocktail in a hottub.Strike three: some kid threw up in the water slide area so they CLOSED THE ENTIRE pool complex for the rest of the day!  Basically, after spending hundreds of dollars to stay at the #2 pool in Vegas ended up being reduced to 1 hour of pool time for the entire 4 night stay.  Big disappointment.
3	I stayed at the Flamingo for a conference, so I can't really complain too much. I also can't say it was the ultimate hotel experience either. Everything is extremely pink... even the bathroom walls were pink and the lights too. Almost too pink for my taste. The highlight of this hotel experience was probably the TV in the bathroom. Being able to watch TV and catch up on my news while I shower? Multi-tasking to the max? Yes, please.In terms of location, I think it's located in a pretty central area, where everything is happening. Definitely very walkable. However, don't take my word for it, b/c I don't usually party in Vegas and I happen to enjoy walking.
3	One of the most classic properties to grace the mid Strip, the Flamingo has endured the test of time through the multiple demands and changes of Vegas culture. It remains an iconic front to Sin City, an all encompassing resort with the cheese of a gimmick theme without the sleaze of downtown. Until the hideous Imperial Palace (http://www.yelp.com/biz/imperial-palace-hotel-and-casino-las-vegas) came into the Harrah's / Caesars family, it was the lower end of the property totem pole and often the butt of many jokes in today's contemporary resort renaissance. The corny decor, the antiquated amenities, and the lack of anything substantial in the resort sense has made it a lower end property. And that's precisely why I like it.Given its location, the Flamingo is very budget friendly in every sense of the word. The occupancy rate is likely to be high, considering its awesome low prices during the week and doable rates on the weekend. The regular rooms are comfortable and semi-spacious, not nearly as junky as early perception would lead on otherwise. There is good value in their higher end suites and in an attempt to modernize their hotel game, the GO rooms and FAB rooms will definitely surprise people with how contemporary and sophisticated they are.Barring no plans for renovation, the casino is predictably small. There are a good number of table games with a heavy emphasis on black jack (Spanish 21 is also available), various poker games, and craps + roulette. Slots, whose inventory makes up the bulk of most casinos is lacking in inventory compared to their property counterparts, but rest assured most games will be available, though perhaps *unavailable* when there are too many grannies plopping down to build on their player comps if you catch my drift. WIth regards to comps, TotalReward points are easier to apply here but accumulation will be the same anywhere.All forms of dining are going to be close to lackluster or borderline horrendous. If there is any dignity left in your palate, you'll do your best to skip any outlet of food here unless you're in a dire situation. Snobby eaters, wannabe foodies, or anyone with tastebuds aren't soon to be caught  dead eating at Hamada of Japan (http://www.yelp.com/biz/hamada-of-japan-las-vegas-2) or Paradise Garden Buffet (http://www.yelp.com/biz/paradise-garden-buffet-las-vegas), or any of the Margaritaville, LA Subs, Johnny Rocket spots within their sad food court. Is there a worse Mexican restaurant than Carlos n' Charlies (http://www.yelp.com/biz/carlos-n-charlies-las-vegas-2) on the entire strip? When Taco Bell owns you, that's when you know there is a problem.The best thing at the Flamingo for me, is the pool. Some might call it one of the better pools on the strip and locals tend to come here more often than not. There is no elaborate nightlife centered around the pool, just good people watching, sufficient space to swim or float in, and quality pool side service for all things outdoor.And of course, for a (cheesy) photo op or children's activity, visit the Flamingos when weather appropriate. After all, like any great college or pro team, a brand is nothing without a proper mascot.
4	This was all last minute to prepare for an unexpected production change. Lots of that in the biz, and the better run hotels handle our bobs and weaves as matter of routine. Our Hendersonville videographer, Asheville videographer, and, Brevard videographer, met the Burbank team at their choice of hotels, the Flamingo. They have some sort of corporate deal with the hotel. Despite our plane arriving early in morning, we still got to check in right away. Thank you for that Channel 70 Video Productions!  The Burbank Channel 70 people have a long history of using the Flamingo as a venue for affordable meetings. Again, the hotel handled our small meeting with their expected professionalism. For privacy purposes, we always scatter our rooms. I drew the short straw and ended up with a small and rather plain (as compared to LV standards) room with a partial view of the IP, but it served the purpose. The next morning the sounds of construction acted as an alarm clock. It's good to know people are employed doing construction in these tough times. It was a good sound to hear.  On our second night we ran long on the job and worked through. I ordered meals for everyone from room service and the meal was on time and was good. Kudos to the room service operation. We hired local Production Assistants and that night one of them hit Keno for $3500. What a town. The Flamingo serves us well for small meetings and the next one will be here for sure.
3	The GO room was a great deal. The amentities were fun & modern. The location is the best on the strip.However, we werent the only guests staying in the room. 3 nights in a row at 2:00 a.m. the coffee machine would turn on & start brewing (not set on a timer & NO WATER in the maker). My husband would jump up & unplug the machine only to hear what sounded like nails tapping on the marble table next to our bed.We were also awoken in the middle of the night to rustling next to our bed. When we sat up we could hear a plastic shopping bag being crinkled...this lasted for abour 10 seconds.It is documented that this hotel is haunted, but we were surprised that we had paranormal experiences on the 21st floor.
5	I love the Flamingo, and I'll tell you why.  The location is GREAT.  The parking is plentiful.  The casino/hotel is not so large that you get lost (like MGM).  The remodeled GO rooms are SO CUTE and SO affordable!  It's a classy hotel with a history.  The grounds are very interesting, with tons of beautiful things to see.  The best part, in my opinion, of this hotel is the PRICE.  I got the most trendy, updated room for $45 a night.  Yes, you can find cheaper rooms, but this is one of the best deals in Vegas for the price.
2	We stayed here October 20th & 21st, 2012.   The Cons: The Hotel is worn down, rooms have been upgraded, but poorly.  The floors are the plastic wood and the TV's are small 32' flat screens.   The carpet in the hallways are so old they are buckling up.  Yes, in Vegas, the rooms are mainly for sleeping, but a decent room always makes the stay all that much nicer.  The air is stale and rooms have low ceilings which I can touch and I am only 5'3".   We used to stay here regularly in the mid to late 90's, but the Hotel has definitely gone down.  Sunday night the electricity went completely out in the north wing -all 28 floors!  The elevators worked, but no water on the upper floors.  Electricity was out for about 3-4 hours, but was restored by 11:00pm.  The Pros:  The Lobby is still presentable and their pools are still nice. Lots of plants, birds, waterfalls, picture spots.   Self-check in is a plus.   Carlos and Charlies is an ok close place for drinks and decent meal.   Margaritaville is conveniently located for a nearby drink hangout.  Conveniently located in the middle of the strip.  Don't think we'll stay here again anytime soon.   The Recession shows on this hotel and per the reviews, it seems like other Hotels are in disrepair.  Sad.
1	First, I will tell you I got an amazing deal.    If I had paid more that I did for the room I would be complaining and getting the room comp'd.  I had problems checking in, the whole process of checking in took about 45 minutes.  The room was clean, but FREEZING, I could not get the A/C to shut off, it was 9:45 at night, I had just drove 4 1/2 hours, I had my 8 year old son, I did not want to wait for some maintenance person.  So I called Guest Services, after waiting on hold form approximately   10 I ordered more blankets.  (the room was 60 degrees).  Now I know must people don't go to Vegas to sleep but I would be nice to have as an option.  It wasn't for us, not with the Guns N Roses cover bland playing so close I could sing along with every word.Since sleeping wasn't an option, I thought I'd play on my iPad.  I discovered I had to pay $10.00 for internet service - fine.  I kept trying to log on, but it could not find my reservation.  Again, I called Guest Services, after 15 minutes on hold I gave up.  Time to stick my head under a few pillows and tune out Axl Rose.
4	So far in my 5 trips, I've stayed at Mandalay, Aria, Ballys, Planet Hollywood, and now Flamingo. Flamingo in my opinion has been the best bang-for-your-buck. I booked the lowest priced room, but was able to upgrade to the GO rooms  (they have the big white cushion headboards). I thought the room was great! My room was on the 22nd floor, w/ a view of the Bellagio Fountains. The room was clean, flat screen TV, stereo system, couch, TV built into the bathroom mirror, shower and tub. Shower had 2 mid-level jets too!What I liked:- Centrally located on the Strip, easy to get places. - Room had an EMPTY mini fridge. (High-end hotels have triggers that charge you if you remove anything from them, low-end hotels have nothing and I end up bringing a cooler and refilling w/ ice. Having this allowed me to stock it with my own beers and drinks! - Flat-screen (amazingly, some places still don't have these) - TV built into the mirror in bathroom- Stereo w/ Sub. Great for getting ready and pre-gaming- Remote Drapes- Express Check-out from your TVThings I didn't like:- They note an iPod docking station, but people have stolen every cord so they just don't stock it. Furthermore, that is not a normal docking connector. I recommend brining a male-to-male headphone jack cable and you'll be good to go!- Bathroom sliding door leaves very little privacy. You may want to blast the TV in there and run bathtub if you want to cover up any awkward sounds. Or just use the lobby restrooms. - Like most places, you pay for internet.. But I have a free mobile hotspot feature on my phone so we just used that and were fine. - Charged me $1.25 for local calls. Remember to use your cell phone going forward. All-in-all, great place for the money...
4	Needs to give a break on the wifi! Like FREE! Then there would be no reason to even leave the hotel....except for the odd show - like Cirque du Soleil!Love the pools and the drinks are yummy.
1	We stayed at the Flamingo last week since my friend had a free night from the last time he was booked there.  During that time, the front desk lost his reservation and apparently was very unhelpful with finding him another spot to stay...leaving him stranded to fend for himself on his first night in Vegas.We got a late flight so checked in at 11:30pm (after an hour long wait).  the room we requested was unavailable, even though we called ahead of time to make sure they still had our reservation and our room.  They preceded to check us into a temporary room with a room change to be made the next morning.  Renee on the front desk was a sweetheart and the only person in the hotel who really seemed to care.  We preceded up to our room and all of a sudden I started coughing and sneezing and was having a severe allergic reaction.  My friend went out in the hallway to get ice and noticed we were in one of the only "Pet Friendly" rooms in the hotel.  I have severe allergies to pets and no one informed us that it was a pet room.  We called down and were placed on hold for 15 mins when we decided to not waste our first night there and hung up to head downstairs to the casino.  We came back to our room at an obscene hour only to find ourselves locked out of our room.  I guess the reasoning was that they changed our room and keys but neglected to tell us this.The next morning we phoned front desk to see if our room was ready.  They gave us a timeline of 1pm but when we went to get our new room keys,  the room was still not ready.  Were were given a fantastic room on the 20th floor with a strip view, which is what we wanted in the first place. The only plus of this whole experience.When we checked out we had a charge of 160$ in internet...OUT OF THIS WORLD.  when we explained to them how disappointed we were, and how the internet barely worked, the front desk (including supervisor) refused to do anything about it.  They also blamed us for not reading the terms and conditions or telling them about my allergy.  Internet is charged per person per location, so 3 charges were from our initial room., and another 3 from the new room..in the same day.  We had to ask for the number to the internet company and call from our Canadian cell phones because apparently all the phones in the Flamingo are for in house, which I know is a complete lie.  I work in a hotel and this is by far the WORST customer service I've ever received. If the Flamingo is supposed to be this wonderful "centre of the strip, historic, Vegas resort", the staff should stand beside it. We never heard an apology out of anyone.  The internet company ended up taking off the charges for us, and could not believe that the front desk did nothing about it.I will NOT stay here again, even though the casino, restaurants and rooms were great for the price.  Customer service is #1 and I was overly disappointed with the service received.
1	I dont reccomend this hotel to anybody!There are cons :In the morning, housekeeping came into our room and told us when we will check out. We were supposed to stay another 3 days so it didnt make any sense.We told about it and they left. After an hour another housekeeping lady got in room. In fact I was in shower but she were standing outside and talking to me when I check out! Whats wrong with them?!?!Our room tv, side beds lights were broken. Bathroom door is slide door and it doesnt close properly so you can hear sounds of when people goes to toilet. And of course there wasnt lock in bathroom.My toothbrish is electronic one and housekeeping broke it.This hotel doesnt have enough parking so when its full, you have to park either Imperior palace or Harrah's which are 15 min away!Our room key stop working 2nd day and had to claim about it. They gave new key but still didnt work but FOUTUNATELY housekeeping didnt close our room door properly so it was loose and could get inside. After we went out, we try to fix our key. It was 3 am. There wer few people in line for checking in or dealing with similar problem like ours. It took 40 min for us to get over front desk! 40 min!!!! Thats insane!Room wall is really thin so you could hear both sides people's talking.Everynight my right hand side room people stayed up late and partying so it was kinda hard for me to fall asleep.Other side room people started fighting. They yelled each other and it stayed several hours.Those reasons, I wont recommend this hotel to anybody.Only good part of this hotel is location. Walkable distance to major hotels.
2	I swear, we have the WORST luck with rooms in Vegas! haha. So we drove from San Diego on a Friday night, took 7 hours. FINALLY got to the hotel, went to valet, they were closed, "Full", at 9pm. We went to the parking garage. Not one spot open, except on the roof. We parked, unloaded all of our stuff, go to the elevator, it doesn't go up to the roof. We had to lug our stuff down a flight of stairs and get the elevator there. Make the hike to the registration, wait in line and then finally we get to someone. Very nice guy, spoke very quiet though. He tells us "Ok, we got you all ready and set up for a suite at the Imperial Palace" I interrupt him and say "Nope. Not happening. I prepaid for my room, so I just get top priority over people that didn't. Second, I called on my way IN to Vegas to see about an upgrade, none of this 'We're overbooked and have to move you' conversation happened. We drove 7 hours, we're not going and lugging everything back UP and driving again. We're not staying at Imperial Palace, I could've for cheaper but there's a reason I booked with you, that place is a s**t hole. You need to figure this out" He goes to a manager, gets on the phone, comes back "OK, we have you with a suite here anyways. It's large, you don't have to worry about checking out on time, you can leave whenever you want." We get up to the room, 24th floor out of 27, pretty great. The room is HUGE, which is great because we got the room to celebrate my sister's birthday so we had our "party" (7 people total) at the room. It was by no means upgraded. No hardwood floors, the bathrooms were disgusting and falling apart, my husband actually called it the 80's cocaine room.  It did have a big screen tv in the living room, a huge projection tv hahaha. You can probably picture it now. It was nice because it was large and we all had plenty of room, but I now know why we didn't have to worry about checking out early, the room is a room they are not even selling. Totally bare and gross. We will not be staying at this hotel. Even though the situation was fixed, I can't imagine going through that again. It was so horrible, and I really really wanted to stay in the newly upgraded rooms.
4	Stayed here for the first time on 11/29/12 for 1 night in a renovated FAB Deluxe Room.Arrival: We arrived at the Flamingo around 11:15pm to get an early start on our weekend. The parking structure is easy to miss as it is just after the Flamingo/Las Vegas Boulevard intersection, so be sure to keep your eyes peeled and watch out for pedestrians. The structure is old, dirty, and run-down, which is understandable for a 60+ year old hotel. Check In/Out: It's about a 5 minute walk from the structure to check in. We must have caught the late night Vegas flights that evening, so check in took about 20 minutes. Not too bad. The lady at the desk granted my request for 2 doubles and a small coupon book, which I was happy with.Price: Picked up this room for $30 on a Thursday night (including taxes). This hotel (as with all Caesar's properties) do not charge a resort fee, so for a 1 night stay, the value couldn't be beat! Rooms can be had for less than $100/night on most weekends - a steal if you plan to stay on the strip.Location: Can't be beat. Smack in the middle of the all the action. Makes the entire strip walkable if you choose to do so.Hotel: Don't expect anything grand because this is one of Vegas' older hotels. However, it did meet my requirements for a pleasant stay: clean and working.  The old school decor actually adds a bit of charm IMO. There wasn't a stench of smoke, but that's probably because it was late. One thing I especially liked: the ease of access to our rooms and the strip - Easy to find and less than a 3 minute walk to either from the check in desk! We checked out the flamingo habitat and gift shop the next day - both pleasant experiences! For Total Rewards members, a discount was offered at the shop (10% I believe).Room: Like with the hotel, don't expect anything grand but it is more than serviceable. The FAB Deluxe room I stayed in was recently renovated and quite charming. LCD TV, comfortable beds, hot pink curtains, a nice carpet in the middle of the room, and laminate plastic flooring. The floor may sound cheap, but it's ideal if you're coming to Vegas to party because it's easy for housekeeping (or you) to keep clean- no dirty carpet or potential for an accident ruining your room! The bathroom is outdated and the toiletries are cheap, but the shower pressure, sink, and toilet worked fine so that's enough for me.Gambling: Did not gamble at this casino.Food: Did not eat here, so no review. The buffet is a choice under the Buffet of Buffets deal.Amenities: Did not use the gym, spa, wi-fi, etc. Since there are no resort fees at this hotel, all would be an extra charge if you wanted to use them.Check out: Fast and easy via TV. Late check out was granted to me so that was cool.Overall:  I would absolutely stay at this hotel again. If you're like me (on a budget and planning to do stuff outside of the hotel) then it is among the best with other comparable priced hotels. The location and value of this hotel were the biggest draws for me. If you're coming to Vegas to go out (party, club, sightsee, walk the strip, etc) and are simply looking for a clean and comfortable place to stay, then the Flamingo is a great choice. If you're planning to be wow'ed or stay in, I would look elsewhere. Overall, a great bargain and a pleasant stay. 4/5.
3	When we arrived only smoking rooms was availible. I explained that my guest and I do not smoke and asked if it was strong? The Flamingo Rep said that would depend on how much the previous guests smoked. She offered to have the room "refreshed" by staff. Plus she gave us the strip view which was nice. No fridge, but a small bucket for ice. Free soaps & shampoo. No Wi-Fi available.
1	Do not stay at the Flamingo! I repeat, Do not stay at the Flamingo. Reasons why:1. Unclean rooms. We booked 2 rooms. 1st room had one bed, when we had requested two. The bed was messed up, there was trash on the floor. 2nd room was a handicapped room which was fine except I hope that someone who actually was handicapped did not miss out. 3rd room had two beds but both had been rolled around in and dirty towels in the bathroom. 4th room reeked of weed, but otherwise "clean" and thereby deemed acceptable at 4am until they could get us a room on the same floor as the other one the next day. We got in at 11:30pm and went through 4 rooms that were not clean or able to be slept in in 4 hours. Meaning although we paid for a room on Friday, there was not a clean one available.2. Unaccommodating service. 1 out of 3 front desk agents were friendly. We did not hear an apology for any of the dirty rooms and when my friend asked for compensation they acted like they didn't know why. They reluctantly gave us a $30 voucher for a hotel restaurant. Whoopee.3. Slow service at the Mexican restaurant in the casino. Also, guest services said they were open until 2am on Sunday after the marathon. Nope. They turned on all the lights before midnight.4. When cashing in our $30 voucher, my friend had to sign her name and put our room number. The server at the restaurant misunderstood (or not) and charged my friend $30 EXTRA to the room.There are so many more reasons I could name to skip over this hotel when planning a trip for Vegas, but the cheap price is not worth it. Other guests that we knew also had problems with their rooms (leaky toilet and shower) and with rude staff.Why people stay at the Flamingo:- it's central on the Strip (really its only saving grace)- it's cheaper- it has a convenient small food courtThe flamingos in the courtyard were cool, but walk through as you pass to your better even if a tad more expensive hotel. Do not stay at the Flamingo unless it's for free. And even then, I'd think twice.
4	I will say I had my doubts but then our taxi drove up & I saw the location on The Strip & I saw our room for myself (not just online pics) & I was hooked!  I had originally wanted to book a room at the Luxor (see my review on them) & boy am I glad I didn't.  We stayed in the "GO" rooms.  Some say they are tacky but they are actually modeled for that chic quirky throw-back look & I loved it.  Doesn't hurt that there's an inlay TV in the bathroom mirror with a Bose speaker in the bathroom ceiling either.  And the location right on The Strip right across from Caesar's Palace ... OMG!  So much fun.  ... ... ... All the tremendous benefits with the low low price means ultra high value.  I don't know how they do it but I hope they keep it up.  I will be back :-)
5	Had a wonderful time at the Flamingo! Cant wait to come back again! I would recommend getting a GO room! They are the nicer room! Pay the extra money, it is worth it trust me!! We checked in around 3pm and the line was really long. One person seemed to be doing most of the check ins and was vey fast. That was the person we got thankfully since some of the other people at the desk seemed to be taking a long time.  Marissa at the front desk was very helpful. She gave us an awesome room and lots of coupons. She even gave us a map of the strip which came in really handy. She also told us to sign up for the rewards card which helped saved us money! That is a good tip! Make sure you sign up for the rewards card you will get discounts at all the restaurants inside the Flamingo. Check out was easy, even used some of our rewards points towards the bill. The steakhouse inside was amazing! Definitely worth the price! We will be back!The casino at Margaritaville was a lot of fun! It is very smokey but still a lot of fun! The waitress Brandy was very good at bringing us drinks as soon as we finished our other ones! Never had an empty cup! It was a great time!
4	I really enjoyed my stay here for the most part. As for the room, it was absolutely perfect. I stayed in a Go Deluxe Room and it was so comfortable and clean, as well as well appointed. Had a center strip view of Caesar's Palace. Best view I have ever had at any Hotel. Checking in was a hassle, I was the third in line and it took 35 minutes. Seems like everyone had some kind of issue ahead of me. Then a 2nd line formed and all those people started getting helped. The front desk seemed not to be supervised all too well, but I had zero issues checking in and was done in less than 5 minutes. The food court is rubbish, and the pizza was greasy and disgusting. Everything at this particular hotel seemed more expensive than other more up scale ones I visited.The casino is large and some what intimidating with the exception of Margaritaville . Apparently they were giving out free T shirts but when I tried to get mine, no one seemed to know about the promotion so no shirt :/  I enjoyed how friendly the dealers were in that part of the casino.  The Player's Club (Total Rewards Desk) Supervisor Nancy was very friendly and gave me all sorts of good information about the Hotel and the other CP properties. If you  have any questions ask for her! :) Looking forward to staying here again!
4	It's a mixed bag here with some definite strong pros but a few cons but I think overall, you can't go wrong if you know what to expect.Pros: LOCATION, LOCATION!  It's in the middle of the strip so everything is within reasonable walking distance.  Room rates are a great deal, even for the weekend.  To get the deals, highly suggest that you sign up for their Rewards Card.  The rooms are decent and the remodel helps.Cons: Despite their efforts to re-model, the parking garage is still dirty and old, the elevators too.  Speaking of the garage... way too small and not enough stalls and they directed guests to valet or park at Caesar's during the weekend.  I find this shocking for a hotel this size and on the Strip.  The check-in line is long 24/7, there is never a time where a quick check-in is even possible.Plus, when in Vegas, how much time do you spend in your room?  All you need is a decent place to stay and shower, so Flamingo is recommended in my book.
3	The rooms were very nice and modern. The bathrooms were clean but have clearly not been updated for a VERY long time. The casino was decent but most of the machines were old and not very exciting. Location is awesome, being the heart of the strip. Overall it's safe, clean, and a good value for your money, but nothing fancy. Having the Margaritaville restaurant & casino connected was a big plus though!
4	"Classic Las Vegas, keepin' it *kind of* classy" would be my motto for the Flamingo. As the oldest-standing hotel on the main strip, this place is in excellent shape, thanks to recent renovations that resulted in surprisingly chic rooms that are likewise affordable. I went to Vegas twice this year, and I stayed at the Flamingo both times--yes I know there are swankier hotels in town, but given my criteria, I honestly can't say enough good things about this one. If you're looking to strike a balance of bang for your buck, style, and location (much like me), I would definitely head straight for this place.A few more details you might be interested in:* At the end of July as well as in mid-December, my group and I paid less than $90 total per night to stay here. This time around, we went for one of the GO Deluxe rooms at $87.50/night. This was a slight upgrade from the FAB Deluxe room I stayed in the last time, but only a few dollars difference and with slightly nicer amenities (larger flat screen TV, cushy white headboards for the beds, green/pink mood lighting in the bathroom, plus another TV in the bathroom). See http://www.vegaschatter.com/story/2012/2/21/231159/318/vegas-travel/FAB+vs.+GO%3A+It%27s+Not+Even+Close for a more comprehensive comparison of the two types of rooms. If the price is still an issue, FAB Deluxe was still better than average.* Seriously smack dab in the middle of the strip. Therefore no matter where else you want to check out on the strip, everything will be within reasonable walking distance. E.g. Caesars Palace is right across the street, the Palazzo is right next door, and the Mirage, Encore/Wynn, Cosmopolitan, and Fashion Show Mall are just a short walk away.* The 21 and over pool, during the hot months of the year, is super fun! When I went in the summer there was a live DJ playing house music. It was like a lowkey, slightly more mature version of MTV Spring Break. I highly recommend it.
5	Great room rates and service. Great location too. We love this place!
1	I am writing this from the Flamingo and I have two rooms.   The water is off, and it is supposed to come on at 6 AM.   I called Guest Services around 11:00 pm when my daughter who is staying in the other room pounded on my door to say they had no water, and they never picked up.  Went down to the lobby, and all i got was two tiny bottles of water.  No offer of anything whatsoever.  Also, the lamp in my daughter's room has no plug, so they are in semi darkness.  The casino is nice, but gee whiz.  Water is pretty important.   I will write a follow-up after the hotel does or does not do something about this problem.
5	I stayed here on my first trip to Vegas. We got great rooms. We got a free upgrade to suites facing the strip and that was just awesome. The rooms were really big and since this place is in the strip its close to every place you want to go around here. the bathrooms were big and everything was very clean and smelled so good. the only thing that bothered me here was the amount of pink color they use in their themes everywhere. lolThey have a casino, restaurants, food court huge parking lots which possible everything you would want when you go to the strip!
2	Just as I was planning to give this hotel a stellar review, they up and turn off the water in the entire building from 10pm to 5pm without warning! This would have been fine if I was somewhere else but I was on vacation and this was a major inconvenience.  I honestly would have been more forgiving if I had been warned. When I called customer service, they were anything but helpful. I got no explanation about why they turned off the water and he acted as if it was no big deal that the water was turned off. Bottled water wasn't going to allow me to shower that night. It was also a struggle to take of my contacts, wash my makeup off, and brush my teeth. In addition, going to the bathroom was also an issue. Otherwise...our room on the 27th floor had a great view. The Fab room we got was really nice, big and clean. There was no "do not disturb" sign so we had to go ask for it ourselves. The Flamingo is right in the middle of the strip, making it easy for us to walk to explore the entire strip. Parking was also free. I really appreciated the hotel but my experience with the water and the unprofessionalism just left a bad taste in my mouth.
4	To compensate us for the water being off, a nice front desk clerk gave me $30 credit and reminded me that the package I bought already had $30 on it, so we had free lunch and i got souvenirs to take home; one clerk in a gift shop misunderstood what I was trying to buy and overcharged me by $41, and the refund was not in the yet when I checked out, and i was going to have to pay for it, but I got a clerk from the Gift Shop to straighten it out.  I would come back again, for sure.
1	I will start off with what was good about the hotel: They have nice fluffy towels!Ok, now to let you know about my experience at the Flamingo I will need to start as I pulled up at the valet circle. I thought it was all good. I told the valet that we needed bell service. I also needed to get my players card from my trunk. The valet opened the trunk and I got my total rewards card. The valet said the bellman would be over and I asked if he needed my room number and he said no. I closed the trunk and realized that they needed that opened cause our luggage was in there. I went back to open the trunk and proceeded inside to check in. As I was leaving, I saw the bellman (what I thought was the bellman) close the trunk angrily. Oh, well someone was having a bad day, I didn't know it would be me!!!!We checked in and proceeded to the room. Yes, it was a renovated room (four years ago, maybe) but they did a shitty job. Now granted, I have worked in the hotel business for 20 years and I noticed soooooo many patch jobs, it was horrible. I use to work at a limited service hotel and it was SOOOOO much better than this patch job. It seems like they only put lipstick on a pig. As I said before, the renovation crew should be shot and the designers should have used better quailty furniture. The room had a touch up but the bathroom WAS NOT renovated at all!! The toilet moved everytime I sat on it; the tub was very slippery and did NOT have a grab bar in the tub. The vent and shower head was rusted and flithy. Again, the towels were nice and fluffy-Good Job! The cheap hard wood floors were a joke. it had lumps in it. Bad shitty job.We noticed there wasn't a trash can in the room and called guest services to have one in the room. The lady was nice and even joked that someone stole our trash can. She said she would have one delivered. I'm still waiting..... I thought I would give the housekeeper a hint by putting all the trash on the floor in a nice neat pile, but that didn't work.We went to test our lady luck and it was time for my Mother to take her medicine. She went to the room two hours later to find our luggage had NOT been delivered. We went down stairs and asked where our luggage was being held. Guess where it was at.... YEP still in our trunk that they closed. So we had to wait for our car to be sent from valet and at this point, I am pissed and don't want to wait for them to deliver it so we take our own luggage to the room. The elevators were hit or miss. My Mom almost got stuck on a couple of elevator twice. Her alternative: walk up and down 21 flights of stairs. NOT GONNA HAPPEN. One elevator was put out of order for the duration of our stay. So we are checking out and I can't wait to get back to my HILTON Hotels....any of them. See two reviews up :-)  And I still can not believe that Flamingo was fighting me over my $15 resort credit. That is another story. I spend over $300 a day and they can not honor a $15 resort credit???? SHAME ON TOTAL REWARDS!!!!!! SHAME!!!So next time, I will stay at Harrah's, The Quad (aka Imperial Palace), Bally's or Rio. I will even pay extra for Paris or Cesear's Palace but you will not find me staying at Flamingo again. I will gamble there, but I wont stay there!
1	I have been a loyal guest and proponent of The Flamingo Hotel & Casino for nearly Twenty Years. In the past, I came to enjoy your property for the history, customer service and friendly policy on dogs.  Conversely, during a recent stay, over the Christmas Holiday, my entire experience was disenchanting to say the least. After driving through oppressing Holiday traffic, I arrived to find both the Valet and Self parking (unapologetically) full, leaving me to locate  parking off site (at another hotel), paying non-guest rates, not to mention  the inconvenience. As a whole, the attitude among the Staff was unhelpful and brusque. I (along with other guests I briefly spoke with in passing), felt as if the simplest of requests or inquires were impositions upon the staff. This was a complete change from my previous stays at The Flamingo. As a frequent traveler both professionally and personally, I use my American Express Platinum to book all travel in the instance I should ever encounter any issues or for any reason need to utilize their customer service.  Following this wearisome and disappointing experience  I feel it my responsibility to inform Amex, along with -fellow travelers of the substandard Customer Service and unavailable parking.
3	Can't beat the price for a great location on the strip. Rooms are motel-esque, but if you prefer to spend your money on gambling, food, alcohol and shows- the flamingo is the place to stay!Got a free upgrade to a strip view room for only $35 a night!
5	for the cheap price of 67$ per night for 2 nights you really can't beat it...i mean who cares if i'm looking at a half done construction down below or my bed isn't that soft or what not..room service was friendly....we couldn't find the tag that slips into the door to notify them not to disturb us so they came in and was friendly enough to apologize and come back later..i know its our fault...:Pthey cleaned up so well after us...when there's 5guys living in a 2 queen size bed room..yeah its gonna get messy especially since most of us were tanked the night before...my friend Luke L had a lot of good luck playing the slot machines especially the napoleon and josephine one..he hit the jackpot on that...overall..nothing i can complain about since it is vegas...food is always going to be more expensive that's why 50$ buffets exist lol
2	The first day we were there, the down elevator from the garage walkway to the casino didn't work.  On the day we left, the up elevator from the casino to the garage walkway didn't work.  The room itself was very clean, but the decor was....  Let me just describe it.  The color theme of the room is white.  There is a vinyl headboard which covers the entire part of the wall behind the bed...what era is that??  There are 9 round fluorescent bulbs above the bed which generates white light...from the 80's??  The bathroom has a frosted sliding door that has no lock.  Another wall of the bathroom next to the shower is also frosted glass.  This glass wall is mounted to the wall (of course) with a gap between the wall and the glass, so you can actually look inside and see the entire toilet from that gap.  The sink is a small round bowl sink on top of the counter which has no place to place the soap.  There is a TV inside the bathroom though.  The drapes are controlled by switches next to the bed.  Overall, we didn't like the room because it was weird.
2	Stayed here the weekend before Christmas.  Yes, the room rate was reasonable, however, after driving from LA, the valet parking and self parking on the Flamingo property was full.  I assume this situation is temporary because there is some ongoing construction, but as a hotel guest, the minimum one can expect is to find parking on the property that you're staying at.  The valet attendant indicated that valet was still open to Diamond members only had to go around the strip and self-parked at Cesar's Palace, not fun after a long drive late at night and had to carry luggage from Cesar's to Flamingo.  Some travel forums indicate that if you tell valet that you are a guest of the hotel, they would take your car, but the valet attendant we interacted with made no such indication.    The room renovations are very nice, however, the walls seem thin because we could still hear the neighboring room and the heating/cooling system was loud.  Luckily in Vegas, we didn't spend much time in the room.  Kudos to the housekeeping staff though, the rooms were always clean upon check in and daily housekeeping service.
4	Booked a Flamingo FAB room through Vegas.com for the Wrangler NFR and got an AMAZING deal (about $38-$45 a night on the weekend, can't beat that!!) Would HIGHLY recommend this deal package. Room was on 10th floor with a great view. Super clean, simple, comfy bed with no comforters YEAH!!! I loved the hot pink accents and the laminate floor that was like textured wood. I did some research and found the GO rooms have been updated throughout while the FAB rooms don't have an updated bathroom, .which was fine with us. How can you beat $40/night for a nice hotel room in Vegas? It was clean and very affordable and that was all that mattered. Room service was great and the hotel eateries were good. Would definitely book this deal again.
3	The hotel is in an excellent location but shows signs of age. The rooms in the old wing are nice but do not have a refrigerator or coffee maker. You would need to upgrade your room for those amenities. The parking was awful; you need to use a valet and if you come back late at night maybe park at an adjoining hotel.
4	Was A good trip and the Suites are awesome. HATED: the damn pull and jacuzzi are closed during the off season? Wait it is 75 outside and I came from OR to hit the pool. The hotel was fully packed! Next time I will make sure the pool is open because I know the MGM pools are open!
2	Do not be lured in to this hotel by its cheap rates and "newly remodeled" room pictures!!  Maybe some people will call me a hotel snob after reading my review. But when I spend money for a good night of sleep, I want to enjoy my sleep and not worry.Perhaps I stayed at the 5 stars hotel more then the regular 3 stars one in Vegas, but even a nice motel is better then staying here.2 1/2 stars for the room itself. Minus 1/2 stars for the disgusting, dirty parking structure and it's hallway to the casino. It's filthy and smelly. The Valet parking is totally on the other side of the building away from the casino and the hotel lobby! Kind of a long walk if you're carrying all those luggage.I hate jumping from hotel to hotel, but since we wanted to extend our stay in Vegas and wanted a more convenient location on the strip, we searched the Internet and thought we got this great deal for a newly remodeled room.THE ROOMS: It's like taking a 1980's hotel room and "renovating" it by cover ups. The rooms are repainted and floors were redone, and new beds. That's only the best part.They have new vinyl wooden floor, no carpet except a small rug in the walk way. (Which is a good things so it doesn't stink from the 30 year old carpet.. lol)The furniture as of the table, night light table, and TV stand are all kind of banged up and so ready for a face lift!The room itself is OK., but the tiny bathroom is where I draw the line. The door hinges and side panels were all old and rusty. They're mildew stain on the corners and white tiles inside the bath tub. It's clean but it's old and it's falling apart. The bathroom floor tiles were black and dingy, guess when they replaced the room's floor, they couldn't budget another 60 square feet of flooring in for bathroom, instead they rather gross out their guests.  They have nearly to none amenities. No slippers, not even coffee maker. Even the Motel 8 down the street has a coffee maker. They have an old wall burnt out hair dryer. I wouldn't risk it, because it looks like it's ready electrocute you when you turn it on.If they did a remodeled, why didn't they just rip everything apart and replace it back with a everything new, this way, it really looks like they took the easy way out. Cover the stain up but not cleaning it out!! Although it may not be that bad, but thought of it, is kind of disgusting. There is no fan blower in the small tiny bathroom. So if any one have to go #2, make sure you buy a room spray for the bathroom. Without the bathroom fan, even when I take a shower, I have to leave the door with an open airway, or else I would suffocate in the hot steam.The air conditioning is hell LOUD! If you're a light sleeper, make sure it's off! We were in room 7084 and 7086 with a connecting door with old rusted door knob and chain. We had a great view of the strip right in front of the Caesar Palace fountain... It would have been so much prettier if the windows were clean. It was so disgusting and barely can see through the windows for the view.Would I stay here again?.. probably not unless I was desperate.. The parking structure and valet is very inconvenience. It's only idealistic to stay here if you go out walking from casino to casino. But we don't. We just drive around and when we get back to the Flamingo, we just stay at the hotel/ casino.
5	Let me start off by saying I usually don't write reviews, I just read them. But I felt  the need to write this because I had a different opinion as to what I had read. I visited the flamingo on 4/19/12 untill 4/24/12 . I must admit the check in line was very long. And they only two people working the desk . But then I saw a line that said for reward members only so I went to that line and only had a five minute wait . There's a desk right there that lets you sign right up for a rewards card take about two minutes then you can use the rewards only line. I was given a new fab room which was a regular room with a few new pieces in it but was fine with me because the room was comp. Free and free is always good . With this said I will be returning to the Flamingo again this year
4	I was hesitant to stay here since I read reviews and some were saying the place is dirty and cheap but I was really pleased with our rooms and our prices! We reserved the Deluxe rooms which included 2 queen size beds with super cute girly decor. Everything was very clean and the room looked recently updated/renovated/modeled. The floors were a nice dark wood. The bathroom was nice and clean and simple. We came out here for a friend's birthday and it was great because we were pretty much in the middle of all the clubs we wanted to go to!One bad thing I have to say is definitely the service and this is based on one lady at the front desk when we first checked in. She wasn't very pleasant and treated us like we didn't know anything. We initially reserved two rooms under one name but the website asked for another name (which we thought was for emergency purposes) but it actually reserved a room under each name which didn't make sense. She then found out we had another room but after we had to tell her and our rooms were down the hall and around the corner from each other. It wasn't a big deal, but she could have cancelled the transaction and put us next to each other..but she didn't.Besides that little thing, I love the Flamingo and will definitely stay here again.
1	I wanted a reasonably priced hotel in the heart of the Strip. I thought the price was a little less than I would have went for, but I took it anyway. It is the Flamingo, right? WHAT A MISTAKE! I began having second thoughts when I walked through the casino to the elevators; the check-in was ok, though they wanted to charge me extra for being an hour early and sent me to get a "rewards" card to avoid the fee. The casino has a worn, depressing, smoked-out truck stop feel to it, like the "Golden Nugget." OK, I told myself. "But it is cheaper." I boarded the elevator with my friends, they were staying elsewhere and wanted to see the Flamingo for the first time. The elevators closed, revealing kick marks, scuffs, dirt and smears all over the interior. They opened to reveal carpet taped down with old duct tape. We walked past the old vending and ice machines, right in the hall, no room of their own. It gets better! As we entered my room, there was a nasty fake fur godawful throw laying across the bed, sticky stuff on the floor, mildew around the tub, blistered ceiling and cracks above the shower, and the closet door was hanging off its rollers. A look inside revealed that the entire door was peeling apart. The safe was useless- swipe any casino card from any casino (it asks you to swipe a credit card- yeah, right!!) and it will open. The lamps had not been dusted in at least months and the tables were dingy, as if wiped with a dirty rag. The floors are dark fake wood vinyl...depressing as the room itself. Nice towels- they were better than the Wynn's inexplicable sandpaper ones- but the damage was done. I was mortified and embarrased. I reported the problems to a "Jennifer" who could not have cared less. They didn't offer a refund- only an "upgrade" next time. Fool me once, shame on you- fool me twice, shame on me. To think for twenty bucks more a night I would have avoided all this at any other surrounding hotel. Lesson learned.
3	First stay at the Flamingo, and I have to say that it wasn't a bad experience. Arrived at the self parking structure via the entrance off Flamingo. The walk from the parking structure to the lobby is a relatively short jaunt by Vegas hotel standards. *note* there is a lot of construction going on due to the Linq project, so be mindful of the signs when approaching the hotel. The regular check-in line was a little long so we opted for the new self check-in kiosks. The automated system allows you to choose what room you'd like, but doesn't offer any helpful tidbits like what elevators you should take, or how far the room would be from the elevator, etc. Overall, nice option if you are in a rush, but I'd still prefer some human interaction at check-in. We stayed in a recently renovated Fab room, which was a modest renovation of their old room product. The room was functional and clean. I think it is the first Vegas room that I've ever stayed in that didn't have carpeted floors in the bedroom. The bathroom didn't appear to be renovated, but was clean. Opt for the nicer Go room product if you want to splurge a little bit. If you are a lighTrt sleeper, be sure to request rooms far away from the Linq construction (jackhammers and the like continuing well into the wee hours of the morning). Overall, the hotel is in a great location (mid-strip), has a classic Vegas vibe (meaning its not new and super lux, but a little gritty and flashy), and is relatively inexpensive when compared to some of its neighbors. It's not a bad option, but certainly not the best. When comparing with other hotels in this price range, look to the Tropicana or Monte Carlo outside of the Caesars fold (Ballys, and Harrahs within).
4	We stayed here for 3 nights and overall enjoyed are stay here. We got the deluxe room which was nicely renovated, it still had some aging around the edges but the room was spacious enough and everything worked fine inside. Our room was literalltythe farthest away from the elevators, it was about 2 football fields of walking to the room, no joke! but vegas is all about walking so no big deal. The location is the big seller of the hotel. Right in the middle of all the action. The lobby and casino is average, Given the cost and locale, this place was pretty good.
3	I had a very mixed experience at the Flamingo.  Bottom line: If they offer you a $20/night upgrade to a GO room TAKE IT. The first two nights we stayed in one of their deluxe rooms.  The bathroom floor had hair on it; it looked like it hadn't been swept. The stopper in the sink didn't work so my husband had to do a water in the glass work-around for shaving. The sheets had some dried blood stains on them and we found a stray pubic hair that did not belong to us.  **shudder** The floor in the bedroom also had some random trash around it.  The last straw was when I found ants in the bathroom one morning. We didn't have any food in our room.  So, I upgraded to the GO room for an extra $30/night (the deal had changed after initial check-in, I guess).  There was an employee checking on the folks in the check-in line (which was quite long at that point) and I told her my plight. She immediately whisked me to the front of the line where the preferred members check-in.  The man who helped me find a new room was great and allowed me to check out the cleanliness of the room before I committed to moving.  The staff was extremely helpful and professional about the whole situation.The GO room is a significant upgrade.  Even the towels are nicer. The carpets are still worn and stained but the bathroom is much better, there is a coffee-maker, and the sheets are softer. Overall the hotel is fine. I would stay here again but only in a GO room.  The location is great, too.
4	Think value hotel and casino. Repeat that over and over. The Flamingo is a reasonable spot to gamble, reasonable spot to stay for what you're paying.The Flamingo has god-awful tacky Christmas-lighting everywhere, and their elevators look like they came out of an LA ghetto, all scratched up, but their casino has sports decent table minimums considering their location on the Strip. Oh, and there are dancers on the casino floor after-hours, if you're into that. This property ought to modernize, but I suppose that's where the savings come in?When I was here for New Years, the front desk was undermanned; I waited in line for 30 minutes to check-in! Luckily I was offered an upgrade to a larger room, gratis. In any event, request a refurbished room - I found their uncarpeted floors to be an unexpected, modern touch.
1	A dump at any price.
2	Their slogan is the strip was build around the Flamingo. Yes, it's that old.My first room was supposed to be a non-smoking room but the smoke smell was sooo strong I couldn't sleep during the night and woke up with a bloody nose. There was a burnt out light bulb in the bathroom, and a rubber band was hanging from one of the bathroom light fixtures. Didn't the housekeeping staff see that?I changed rooms, and the second room had been renovated more recently than the first. It was better, but there was no ice bucket. They didn't put one in until I left a note requesting one.The bed was comfortable and the second room was clean. It was no showplace, but at least I could sleep through the night.The elevators in the self parking garage were pretty scary - one creaked loudly, and the other one broke while I was in it.I wouldn't select this hotel on my own - I was there for meetings and the group rate was good. Otherwise I would have stayed somewhere else.
1	Was awoken to very loud jack hammering and construction noises at 6:30am.  No one told me there was construction going next door when I reserved the room or during check in. Don't stay in the wing facing Harrahs. Asked for my money back. Hotel only refunded $10. I'm extremely unhappy with my stay.
3	Like many other yelpers--Flamingo is not the cleanest hotel in Vegas, but not as bad as some others. My spoiled self stayed in the Palazzo the first time so this was a bit of a down grade. But since there was a black Friday deal for a holiday weekend. It was not so bad. The room itself was spacious and enough to fit a lot of luggage. I wish the bathroom was more spacious or updated. The door was in way of the shower and the toilet which made is a bit convenient to share with a lot of girls. The staff were extremely nice. They were very accommodating when we needed extra towels and an extra set of keys since we misplaced our first set. For the price I was paying it was not bad at all especially since it was at the center of the strip. Very convenient to everything! Also!! If you are a rapid rewards member there is an express check-in/check-out which makes things a bit faster.
4	Not bad.... Not bad at all! I stayed at the Flamingo in December for my birthday. First time in Vegas and I would have to say I had the best time of my life! The lines are really no different than waiting to buy movie tickets at the theater. I got there around noon time and I did not pay for early check-in. I did stand in line to try to partially check in and to let them know I was there. I was told check-in wasnt until 4:30pm. I was thinking WOW!! They told me to come back a little closer to check-in time and that I would not have to wait in tge Check-in line , I could just pick up my key. I tipped the guy for a bag check and once your room is ready they will bring it up for you. I mean thats a whole let better than walking the strip or casino with all your lugagge. The casino area is pretty nice and big. The places to eat are ok just stay clear away from Carlos and Charlies resturant , they are horrible. (You can read my review on that). The one thing that did disappoint me was the fact that when I did come back around six to check-in , my room was still not ready. So I sort of caused a small scene. They front desk staff were pretty nice and they gave me money to use for food or shopping for my inconvience. They have plenty of elevators to get to your room. Let me speak on the carpets in the hallways..... Its really not that bad like alot of folks say it is. Maybe different floors have different issues but I was on the 10th floor and the carpets were just ok. Reading other reviews before going made me nervous as heck. I thought I was going to see chalk outlining dead bodies and smell urine etc... That was not my experience at all. My room was one that was updated. I got a luxury Fab room. This room was a strip view, nice comfy bed and very spacious. The bathroom is the one thing that could have been updated but it wasnt like a motel 6 bathroom. It was still very clean and everything was working. Water pressure and water temperature was completely fine. All in all the bathroom needed some paint and newer floors. The actual room was just great. No bedbugs... I always check when I stay in hotels. (I always fold down the  fitted sheets at the corners of the mattress to check if I see any black specs). If you dont know... you should always pack dryer sheets with you to put in your actual lugagge and to put in between the sheets and mattress to keep all the bedbugs, bugs and other pest of that kind away. One big reason I landed on this hotel is because they do not charge a resort fee. I really do not understand why alot of other hotels charge these fees but hey its Vegas!!! The buffets are just ok but the best buffet is the one in Ceasars. (Sorry, I do not remember the name). House keeping does a pretty decent job but they are kind of slow and my room was cleaned kind of on the late side. Checking out was a breeze and they are very helpful with getting you back to the airport. I would stay here again.
4	The Flamingo is a fun party hotel.  It's at a good location on the strip and in the summer the pool is extra fun!  It's always happening, they have a DJ, the booty shaking contests, etc ... again, a party spot!  Everyone seems to be drinking a ton (myself included! lol) The crowd is all ages from families w/kids to older people who could be my grandparents, but they too are partying it up!  Personally I think it's pretty cool.  The rooms ... I've stayed in the regular rooms and the Go Rooms... I really like the Go Rooms because they are decorated pretty cute and the bathroom has a TV which I like.  But depending on the prices the regular rooms are fine too.
3	The remodeled rooms are nicer than I expected. They look modern and they're pretty spacious. The hotel itself is affordable, clean, and in a good location. The food choices are decent, there's a pool/spa, and a wildlife exhibit with fish, turtles, swans, and of course flamingos! They are one of the few hotels left from back in the day so I hope they can continue to survive.
4	Great deal in a prime location. Bearing in mind that this isn't one of the newer hotels, but if you request a renovated room you'll be pleasantly surprised. We arrived at 130 am, so the check in line wasn't huge, yet it still took us 30 minutes to check in (the kiosk couldn't check us in). The put us on the executive floor (28) since the wait was extreme, the only catch being that it was a king bed, not usually a big deal except that it was a male friend , not my wife this trip.  We expressed our displeasure and they assured us that they would move us in morning to a two bed option on the same floor. Since neither of us intending on sleeping it worked out just fine. The staff were fantastic. The room was clean with faux wood floors. The bathroom needed a makeover, but all in all very nice.  Check out couldn't have been easier, just drop the express check-out form and keys into the slot and PAU off to the airport. Someone does need to take some brasso to the elevators though. I would DEFINITELY stay here again.
4	Impressed!  I was NOT looking forward to staying here.  I was hoping we could do Palazzo, etc. - but my mother was tagging along to hang out with our daughter one night and we were purchasing two rooms, so we needed something well located and far less expensive.  We found an excellent rate for two Go Deluxe rooms and I gotta say - we'd most definitely consider coming back here!  The prices are right, the location is excellent!  Downfall - wouldn't hit any of the restaurants or entertainment here, but you're a hop, skip and a jump from all the places you will want to dine at, etc.  Beds were comfy, pillows were too thick and hard.  Bathroom was fine enough.  Only issue, lots of dishes left out in the hallways - some for 24+ hours, not cool.  Carpeting could be updated in the hallways.  All in all, impressed by Flamingo's GO DELUXE rooms.  Might even come back
1	Where shall I began....Let's see...here's a great start!1) Dirty, dingy, stained carpeting. 2) Hair all over the place: in the drawers on the beds and in the bathroom too! (I saw the hair upon my first entry in the room!)3) Disgusting pink shag bedding (dirty and stained)4) Scratched floorboards. 5) Dents in the ceiling/damage. 6) The view was awful. I was on the 15th floor and when I peeled open the gross curtains and peered out the HUGE floor to ceiling windows I saw the tops of some undeveloped buildings with trash, mud and dirt caked on. At night the broken Flamingo Hotel neon sign was an attractive sight as well!7) The cleaning crew were nice enough, although they kept insisting on cleaning the room I was in even after explaining that I had a later check out time than 11am. They tried to come in three times. 8) The food available in the lobby and throughout the casino is highly over priced and really not worth it. Salads are gross, coffee is mediocre and parfait cups are over $7.00 a piece...Being surrounded by a cloud of cigarette smoke is just the typical atmosphere of a Las Vegas hotel/casino. Wandering drunkards is also the norm so these are just facts. Meh is too kind a word for my experience. 1 Star is too kind. Sorry....It was a gross experience. One final note. I think it's really disgusting to advertise burlesque shows inside the elevators while children are traveling with their parents. Not family friendly...Of course if you bring your children to Las Vegas and specifically  stay at a hotel on the strip then your kid will be exposed to a host of filthy behavior anyway so to each their own. $14.99 per day per device for Wi-fi! XD
1	I give them one star because of the staff. Everything else was well below par and dirty. The hotel is old, the carpets in the hallway were old dirty and loose to the point that you could easily trip on the walk to your room (even if you weren't out drinking). At check in the clerk told me all of the Go Rooms were sold out and she gave us a room with a nice view of the pools and wildlife area, she was nice and tried to help us out but there's only so much a place like this has to offer. The "recently updated" room had a decent bed, but this is we're it stops. The bathroom were old and disgusting. Ceiling falling apart, old dirty looking tile, a 1/4" of dust on the shower vent cover. I complained to the front desk manager at check out and they gave me a 30$ food credit. I'm staying somewhere else next time.
3	This hotel has everything a hotel needs - Everything was clean, the bed was comfortable, and the bathroom was spacious. It was also very cheap!  But don't expect much! This is definitely not a luxury establishment. Considering I didn't spend much time in my hotel room, this was perfect. I had two big problems. First, they charge $40 for early check-in. Really? $40?? That's more than I paid for the entire night! And if my room is clean and ready to go, why does it matter if I am in it or not? I was pretty annoyed. Second, they charge an extra $15 a day for a fridge. Holy cow! Not that a fridge is that important but still. It seemed pretty ridiculous. But like I said - overall the room was fine. If I needed to stay somewhere cheap again I would stay here again.
2	We stayed in this hotel last October and was not impressed. Upon checking in, we waited over 30 minutes, which is the Vegas standard and expected. Once we received the key we made it up to the room to find the room number on the door broken and the number was drawn in with a sharpee. Needless to say it was very tacky. Then, the keycard didn't work and we had to go down to the lobby, wait in line again to get a new card. This happened THREE TIMES. The woman at the desk was not apologetic and didn't offer any compensation for the inconvenience. Being in the customer service business I don't think this is acceptable for a hotel and more should have been done for the customer. The bathroom was dirty and the upgraded "Deluxe Room" that we reserved was the overall feel of the room was dirty, the Ipod player didn't work and the blinds were ripped.
4	Scored an amazeballs Cyber Monday rate for our anniversary - take a slow time of the year for Vegas, add a discount, and we couldn't not stay here - and booked one of the new Fab rooms dirt cheap. I was looking forward to the Fab rooms because they're all new - the standard rooms have all been redone in a retro/mod hybrid of laminate floors and funky furniture and the pictures of those rooms look cool. But we arrived at 10 in the morning, so we were offered the opportunity to upgrade to a Go Deluxe room with a view and get into our room right away without paying an early check in fee or come back a little bit later, pay an early check in fee and get into a Fab room... or wait until 4:00 in the afternoon for a Fab room at no extra charge. It was still a good deal, and we love the spa type shower in the Go room so we bought the upgrade. We ended up with a room directly across from the fountains in front of Caesar's Palace and if you stood to the side of the window you could see all of the Bellagio's fountain show.We had a great time in the Go room as we did a few years ago, but our room definitely had some miles on it. Everything worked (and it was awesome to hit the button on the electronic drapes and watch the sunrise from bed) but the LED display on the Denon stereo was starting to fail and the iPod cable was missing. The feature of the room we used most was the spa type shower with side jets, and the funky mood lighting in there was pretty cool. Just make sure the jets are turned off before you turn on the water or you will make a mess. (don't ask how I know this)They've been doing a lot of work here, adding a Carlos & Charlies in part of the casino and the Margaritaville Casino and 5 o'clock Somewhere bar is recent. The restaurants are kind of meh, but the 5 o'clock Somewhere bar is great. The Margaritaville Casino is a fun place to play with hotter cocktail servers than the rest of the casino. Cigarette smoke is more pronounced in the casino than others on the strip. There's a lot of construction going on around the hotel - O'Shea's is gone and they're building the Linq and remodeling the Inferior Palace (now the Quad) on one side and Bills was closing for remodeling the week after we left.Like all Caesar's properties, there's no mandatory resort fees, but you will pay steep fees for WiFi or the fitness center, so if those things are important to you, that will even out.My wife and I had a good time, and I'll be back here in a couple of months for work, but next time we come to Vegas for fun we will probably try someplace new just to change it up a bit. But the Flamingo is a great value right in the middle of the strip, and they're doing a good job of going retro but making it modern enough to be really comfortable.
1	I'm currently on the second night of a two night stay with my family. I usually prefer to stay at the Venetian but my family visiting from Europe wanted to stay somewhere cheaper. This hotel reeks of smoke and sewage. We are on a non smoking floor 22 floors up and the smoke is coming through the AC vent. The hotel is old and dirty. We called for extra towels and they never arrived. They refused to let us check in at 3.45pm because check in was between 4-6. We went to the Buffett for dinner and it's basically just frozen food heated up. Don't waste your time or money here.
4	I stayed Thursday thru Monday in room 21093 and it  was outstanding!!!! The room had a flat screen t.v. and DVD player, refrigerator,t.v. in the bathroom. Great views of mountains. If you watch a dvd you have to put the t.v. on channel 125. The room was very clean. The only negative was hallway carpet needs to be cleaned or replaced.For gambling tips Bally's keno 7 spot for a $1.50. for a chance to win a million.Say "Hi' to Mary! You can rent movies at red box in your homestate and return them at a CVS on the strip.
2	The ONLY reason this place got two stars was because of LOCATION. Location, location, location. That and the rooms aren't THAT bad once you actually get through the casino but oh my WORD. The entire place smells like old people and rotten eggs and farts. It's truly horrific. The other downside is that there aren't that many options to eat, they're pretty pathetic and the other flamingo area is lame. Again, LOCATION. It's smack in the center of the strip so it's pretty close to everything.
4	In the Showcase at The Flamingo, watching George Wallace. The building is a little dated. The poker table has live girls dancing on tables!
4	First time we stayed here. The hotel is older, but not bad at all. Weird the room was clean and the service was great. Getting your car into the valet is a nightmare. You have to go off the strip and wait for hundreds of people to cross before entering. No stoplight or anything. Other than that, everything else was fine.
2	Well, let's start with the good. Location. The Flamingo is dead set in the middle of the strip and the rates were super cheap. 2 stars, 1 for each good point.The rest... the casino's ventilation system is in need of a major overhaul. The cigarette smoke saturated the casino to the point where I could not keep my eyes open. The walk to the room via the elevators was gross. The elevators were dated, worn and the floor lights did not work. The carpets were dirty and the ice maker on our floor was broken. It's an older casino, so not a big deal.The rooms were what was expected for the price we paid and I was going to give the Flamingo 3 stars, but...On the way out of the room, we saw a bed bug. This is my first experience with a bed bug and who knew they were so fast! We stepped on it and looked it up to confirm. Yep, bed bug. We saw none in our room, but we thought we would still let the front desk know. The woman behind the front desk responded with a synopsis of what a bed bug was and its traits. Thanks, Wiki, but maybe you needed to be more concerned with this guest's experience. She then proceeded to tell me they were nocturnal and implied I was making it up by stating the time of day. The hallways are always dark, you boob, and bed bugs don't wear watches. I wasn't looking for a comp, just someone to acknowledge and do something about the guests if it became an issue.This lack of customer service dropped my rating from a 3 to a 2 star.
3	Great location and value. It's clean. Not a luxury hotel in the least but it was a great place to stay for a week.
1	Attended a conference and this hotel was definitely not conference grade.  The entire hotel (including conference rooms) was smoke filled, the hotel overall had a very run down feel to it - to the point the even strangers would make comments about the poor condition, such as "We came here last year, but I don't remember the hotel being THAT trashed!" - there were stains all over the carpets (including chewing gum, believe it or not), the hotel charges for "early check in" (what?! - by the way check in took 20 minutes...), internet costs a whopping $14/day, there is no coffee maker (but the hotel will gladly provide "in room coffee" for $12), the furniture is beat up and scratched and looks directly sourced from the Salvation Army, there is rust on the faucets, mold on the caulking, no fridge in the room, no high def. TV, and the list goes on and on.On the upside the location is central, but that's about it.
2	The pros on this hotel are the location and the rates.  The rooms are decent, but everything else about the property is pretty bad.They'd have to knock down the hotel to get the smell of smoke out of the walls and hallway carpets.  If you've ever been in the home of an old relative who has chain-smoked for 50 years, you know what that baked in smell is like.  It's never coming out.The beds were so fluffy and pillows so thin that my neck and back were sore all day after a restless sleep.The room floors are composite tile that is made to look like hardwood.  Cheap and tacky.  The furniture was all beat up.The water never got hot in the shower; it was just north of lukewarm.Finally, they put some awful pink shag throw on the beds that looks like a cross between grandma's bathroom mat and Cyndi Lauper's muff.
4	who keeps track of all those light bulbs? so many light bulbs and all lit up. is it one guy? does he have a staff? had a rough time at the roulette table but that's probably my fault. would it kill y'all to give free wi-fi?super awesome clean and stylee room for just $38. go to vegas on a tuesday. gamble in planet hollywood.
4	Great Location on the central Strip.My room was a good size and clean, and super cheap.Easy to get to everything - not SO much going on at this resort, but it's easy to get everywhere from here. I would stay here again.
3	You definitely step back in time when you enter this casino. It's right out of the 80s with all the neon and pink colors.My visit this time was for brunch at their buffet. Nothing special. I know breakfast is really standard & I'm sure their selection/quality isn't much better or worse than other casinos, but I still feel like I was overpaying for what I was eating. We got to sit near the glass so we could watch the birds outside which was nice...until the sun started bouncing off the glass and into our eyes forcing us to squint & sit awkwardly to avoid the rays.
4	Flamingo offers a great central location on The Strip at a ridiculously affordable price.  Everything about this place was awesome.  I like how the players club was fast and easy to sign up for and offered you many discounted tickets to shows and restaurants.  The rooms were spacious and unique. The resort is not the quality of any of the resorts at the city center, but it's not a dump filled with a bunch of white trash transients either like The Quad or Fremont Street.
3	Bugsy Siegel's desert dream was the first and only, original and historical casino named the Flamingo, which has anchored the Las Vegas Strip since they started rolling dice in 1946. The days of the Godfather series. I remember when the Flamingo was owned by the Hilton. It is now owned by Caesars Entertainment, which also owns Harrah's. This self-contained casino and resort offers everything an adventurous vacationer could want, including a 15-acre Caribbean-style water playground. Set on the famous four corners of Las Vegas Boulevard and Flamingo Road, across from Caesars Palace, Bellagio and Bally's.My hotel profile preference is for the highest floor and in this case I was located on their highest 28th floor in room 28-092 with two queen beds and a spectacular view of the strip including Caesars Palace and Bellagio and lesser views of the Cosmopolitan and Mirage.The view was spectacular, but, I had some minor issues as follows.Only one outlet was inconveniently located under the work desk. Their were no electrical outlets within close proximity of my bed so I could not use my laptop from bed for long durations. The wired internet did not work, but, wireless did for an additional $13.95 per day. The textured dark brown wood finish looks like plastic vinyl which was easy to clean, but, had a 3x7 foot area rug. The large sparse room had lots of space, but, small bathroom. The bed had smaller pillows as you can see from my pics. Even though the floor was easy to clean during my several days of stay I noticed that the floor was not cleaned every day because some dirt remained especially along the walls and corners.On the positive side the room did have a nice 32-inch Panasonic LCD Flat screen HDTV.
2	Arrived around 2 AM. on Saturday morning.  Washed up and went down stairs to check things out.  Started to play some machines for about 20 minutes and noticed there were no cocktail waitresses.  OK... so i went to the bar and ordered two drinks, belvedere sprite and Bombay Sapphire with tonic.  It was about $21.00. The drinks were very watered down and my girlfriend didn't even finish hers.  Ended up going to the little market inside the hotel and making our own drinks. Buffet was very generic. Not coming back.
1	Was a horrible experience overall. When my boyfriend and I first booked our room we booked a suite to stay in for his birthday weekend. When we got to the hotel they said they see the notation in the system that we wanted a suite but they never reserved one. So they put us in a basic room. Took us about 45 to find our room because they put is in a back section of the hotel. Once there my boyfriend decided to relax and take a shower, only to find that our hotel had no towels. At all. I called the front desk and it took them 45 minutes to bring just towels to our room. Our ice machine didn't work so we had to travel to different floors to try and find one that worked. When we tried to speak to a manager about this all they said was there was nothing they could do. Will never stay here or gamble here again.
5	LAS VEGAS - NOVEMBER 2011 PART III"Trip Paid Off"When I was at Las Vegas for three nights I went here for my last night. Did I sleep here? No. Did I eat here? No. So why the 5-star rating? On my last night at Las Vegas I came here with the remaining $40 left to gamble. I played the $0.25 multi-line slot machine and won $700, which paid off my Spirit Airlines airfare and Caesars Palace accomodation. I was one of the lucky few to hit it big at Las Vegas.
2	I am starting this review of the Flamingo with an apology to MGM Resorts International:I  am sorry I cheated on you with The Flamingo! I let their cheap rates sway me from your wonderful hospitality! With that said...on to the review!I stayed at The Flamingo over Christmas and have never been so disappointed with  a stay in Las Vegas. It started at Check In and never got better. I gave the clerk my Credit Card and she said it was declined. I knew there was a problem because I always check my balances before trips and this card was at Zero. I gave her my Debit Card instead and proceeded to check in. I think one of the reasons we had trouble was that the clerk was extremely reluctant to talk to me. She kept talking to my girlfriend even though the room was in my name and I was paying for the room. It was so obvious that Diane actually walked away at one point.  When we got upstairs I called my Credit Card and was told that the first charge was accepted, but when they received 3 more requests in 2 minutes they declined all the charges. So back down to the front desk to straighten things out, which we eventually did with a different Staff Member.The next day we tried  to go to the parking structure but the elevator was out of order. When we tried to find out what we should do, no one who worked there would or could help us. One front desk employee actually suggested I take the escalator! Totally wrong advice to give someone who uses a wheelchair. What if someone followed that crazy advice and got hurt? Eventually, I did get an answer, but not from a Flamingo employee. A salesperson from the Jewelry Shop near the elevator showed me a path through the wildlife habitat that led to the valet parking area where my girlfriend could just pick me up. I have no idea why the hotel staff wouldn't know about this option.The next night things went from bad to worse. We got back to our room at 12:30 am. Not late by Vegas time at all. We turned on the TV and were talking about our day when someone started banging on our door. My Girlfriend went to see who it was. They said it was security and that we had to open the door because they had a noise complaint.  We told them it couldn't be us because we just got there. They were insistent, but we continued to say no because we knew we had done nothing wrong. Eventually, they left threatening us with, "You better keep it down or we will be back." We did verify that they were Hotel Security through the peephole, so we knew it wasn't just some punks trying to pull something. I have traveled quite extensively and stayed at many hotels in Las Vegas alone and never heard of simple noise complaint being handled like this. A simple phone call would've been enough.The next morning, we went to talk with the hotel manager with our laundry list of concerns. She apologized and gave us $30 Food and Beverage Credit for our trouble. The weirdest thing was when she told us that Security probably went to the wrong room and that it happens a lot. Really? What if something really bad was going on at the room they were supposed to be at?If I could split up my review I would give The Casino area 4 Stars because The Staff is always nice and accommodating. I am also quite lucky there including this trip ;) ! Zero Stars for the hotel + 4 Stars  for the Casino = 2 Star Average.  I used to say that I stay where I can get the best deal and play where I want. The Flamingo has convinced me to change that philosophy. I don't think the best deal in the world could convince me to stay there again!
3	Not that bad! I was nervous to book it hotel after reading the reviews on here,it is not that bad. We have a room facing ceasars palce. Location and veiw was amazing! Huge bathroom great customer service.
4	Go for the GO rooms! Completely remodeled and super cute. Everything is re-done and pretty swanky for the Flamingo. Stayed here for two nights (Fri/Sat) and it was under 200 dollars, even after I upgraded from a Fab room  (I think that's what its actually called) to a  GO room.Great location, great price, clean rooms, comfy beds, and really nice service. The only think that bugged me, is that the bathrooms have these sliding doors that don't really close all the way. They leave a tiny gap. Which is fine most of the time, except kinnnnnnda awkward when you have to use the bathroom to do something other than peeing and showering, and you're sharing a room.  A little seal on that sliding door would be greatly appreciated.
3	I found myself staying at the vast pinkness known as the Flamingo during my most recent trip to Vegas. As a hater of resort fees and spending more than I need to for a conveniently located place to occasionally sleep, I'm a fan of the Harrah's casinos in this area, but had never found the opportunity to stay here until now. We arrived shortly after 4pm to check in (because paying to check in early would have defeated the purpose of staying in a cheap hotel in the first place) and bypassed the line by using the express check in kiosks. Seriously, who are these suckaz not doing this? The line was gigantic, yet nobody was using these things. I mean, you guys know they're probably not going to give you a free upgrade on a Saturday, right? So within two minutes we were done with check in. It was beautiful. We quickly made our way to our room. I must say, these rooms are definitely a bit smaller than the ones at Bally's or Harrah's. The bathrooms were also a bit more cramped than those two and could have used a fresh coat of paint. We had no complaints about the beds, but there was something weird about the pillows. They were perhaps a bit too puffy. Not a dealbreaker, but you know. I dug the casino itself. It was much easier to get in and out than it is at Bally's or Harrah's (but still kind of a maze compared to my beloved but dearly departed Bill's Gamblin' Hall and Saloon. DON'T GET ME STARTED ON THAT TRAVESTY). I got copious amounts of free wine while winning money playing video poker, always a plus. The garden area is a nice escape from the usual casino-ness. The pool wasn't open this time around, but I've been there before and had a very good time. Overall, my stay here was quite pleasant. However, I'm giving it three stars because if given the choice between the Flamingo or Bally's or Harrah's, I would choose the latter two every time.
1	I am absolutely appalled at the way Flamingo treats their guests.  As regulars in Vegas, my husband and I are used of the level of service at other casinos.  We typically stay at Mirage, Bellagio, or (if my husband is with the guys), Harrah's.  We have always been taken care of, and if anything were to go awry, the casino would do what it could to make us happy.Fastforward to Flamingo.  Booked 2 weeks in advance for a girls trip.  Reserved one of the upgrade rooms.  After a long flight, we were greeted by a SURLY young woman at the front desk and were promptly told that our room was NOT AVAILABLE.  If we wanted a comparable room, we would have to pay an additional $129/night or we could have a roll-out cot in a lesser room.  I was SHOCKED.  Had her speak to a supervisor who was too busy to come out of the back office to talk to us. I asked her if this is typical at Flamingo and what they are willing to do to keep us at their casino?  She said (and I quote): "Nothing, you are welcome to stay somewhere else".     (?????!?!!!!!!!!!?!!!!!!!!!!!)  Now, let me just say that the only time this has happened before (room unavailable), Mirage upgraded us at no charge and were extremely apologetic.  Flamingo indicated that there is a fine print on the website, and the deposit doesn't RESERVE the room you want it is only a SUGGESTION for when you arrive to check in.  Needless to say, we promptly took our business elsewhere and didn't step foot into Flamingo to gamble or to even buy a drink.  The $73 deposit was charged to our visa and was NEVER refunded because while I was there I did not get IN WRITING that we cancelled our reservation.   If you're looking for cheap centre strip, stick with Harrah's.  It's not amazing, but at least the staff is friendly and willing to help.
4	We stayed at the Flamingo for my birthday last month. We received a free room through Total Rewards and when we arrived Damon helped us and he even gave us a free upgrade to a bigger and better room just because it was my birthday! He was incredibly helpful and sweet! Our Go room with a view was awesome, we had a dead center view of the Bellagio fountain and the room was cute and remodeled. The TV in the bathroom was handy and the tub was pretty huge. They have some pretty cool slot machines too, try the Aladdin game, it actually moves while you play like a ride! The staff was crazy friendly and came within minutes of being called for whatever you need. I stayed here before the remodel, and the lower floors ahve yet to be remodeled so be sure to ask for a higher floor and ask for DAMON he is the best!
4	I got exactly what I needed and expected for $35 a night. But what I needed and expected may not be the same as your needs and expectations.While the rest of the Strip resorts were priced at $99+ per night (except the God-forsaken "Quad" next door), the Flamingo offered a standard, partly remodeled and generally clean room for $35/night. It was perfect for my trip with friends. If I were out to impress someone; if I were on a romantic get-away; or if I were a hotel inspector, I'd upgrade or choose another property.Here are the pluses and minuses.  If all you need is a comfortable room, a prime location, and a great price, definitely consider the Flamingo.PLUSES--Spacious room. Newly redone with faux hardwood floors. --I requested a room away from Quad construction, near an elevator. My room faced Bally's (perfect) and was 10 steps from the lifts.--Friendly housekeeper saw me step out of my room at 11am and asked if I enjoy beer. Of course I do. She pointed down the hall toward a cooler full of Bud Light that another guest left upon departure. After she declined my marriage proposal, I flipped her a five and drank some breakfast. --Comfortable bed, pillows and linen.--Quiet. I didn't hear any room-to-room noise. My room was directly next to the door housekeepers use to access the back of house. These rooms are infamous for being noisy as employees bang carts and vacuums and slam doors. Not at Flamingo. I heard no staff noise whatsoever.--Outstanding location for Strip activities and easy access to downtown buses.MINUSES--Mold visible along tub grout.--Air duct cover screwed on haphazardly.--Dim bathroom lighting (no bueno for the ladies)--No fridge.--No blanket on bed--only a couple of sheets and a VERY creepy pink/white/black fake fur throw. --My room was ready when I arrived at 8am, but Flamingo charges $30 to check in before noon; $15 to check in before 4. If the room is ready, early check-in fees are nothing more than gouging. This was my least favorite part of the experience.--I experienced no line upon arriving at 8am. However, I saw very, very, very long check-in lines during the evening hours. The front desk is clearly understaffed for a property of this size. Self check-in kiosks are available. Consider using them.--Debris--a dry cleaning tag, a small pile of white stuff that looked like drywall--remained in the hall way on my floor the entire length of my stay.  I saw a room service tray discarded by another guest sitting in the hall for at least two days. Considering that, as stated above, my room was directly next to the door every member of the housekeeping team uses to access my floor, the fact that these items remained in place is....telling.--$13.99/day Internet fee.
2	Have stayed here many times before with no problems.I just erased a long complaint. Basically the beds are horrible and the remodeling is funny too put it lightly.Wanted too leave after the first night but couldn't.We got sent by flamingo too an outside booking agency when booking the room so it was a hassle to leave.Thanks flamingo for ruining our much needed vegas trip.
2	My husband and I decided to hit up Las Vegas for our 10 year anniversary. We found a great deal online for the Flamingo and we decided to try it despite the reviews. Our flight got delayed by 4 hours and when we arrived it was pretty late but the line was still pretty long. We asked the reservation agent helping us about an upgrade and she was very nice and helpful about it. She was able to get us a mini suite for 1/2 the price because it was one of the rooms that had not been remodeled yet and in a pet OK floor. Upon entering, our room was nice, very outdated but nice. It had a living room, shower & tub, a nice view of the pool area, mini fridge, coffee pot, and a king size bed. However, the slide door to the bathroom was broken leaving no privacy when needed and the dressers provided were also broken. It was almost near impossible to find the light switches, ours was tiny button by the bed, and to top it off the light was super dim. Our tiny room at the MGM west wing was way better than this and way cheaper. Not to mention that the no free wifi was a big turn off. The staff we encountered was nice but not nice enough to make me want to come back. During our stay we also decided to get our pictures taken to celebrate the occasion. I was in a rush and decided to go to the Alexandra Noel Salon in the hotel. In Chicago a blowout runs me about $40-$65 depending on the location. This place charged me $95 and that's because they gave me a "deal." I also needed makeup and no time for MAC so i got it done here too. The lady was really nice but tried to make me look like Snooki after I told her I prefered a more natural look. I had to ask her to remove the eyeshadow she had applied up to my eyebrows and all the bronzer she put on my cheeks, I'm a plus size gal and she made me look like I had defined cheek bones. At the end it all worked out but I definitely will not stay here again.
5	DRUMROLL, PLEASE.... AND FOR MY 500TH REVIEW, ....I PICK  FLAMINGO!! I don't need a lot out of a hotel. I don't go places to sit in a room and I think we only turned our TV on once this trip. So fancy TVs don't impress me and I don't need much more than a comfy, clean bed. Our room had no fridge, no coffee maker, no plasma TV, but it certainly was clean! Perfect!I was super excited when we checked in on a Saturday afternoon.  We had valeted our car for free and the neither the valet nor check-in lines were very long. Crossing through the casino to get to the room elevators, we could see the garden area outside. Couldn't wait to check this place out!  I've been to LV a million times but never stayed here. Now, I don't know that I'd ever stay anywhere else.The walk to our room from the elevator was pretty far. Surprisingly far, but walking is good for us and so I wasn't complaining.  Our room was on the 10th floor and had one lamp with a lightbulb out, a faulty shower with a slippery floor and a broken ice machine on that level. It had pink and black decorations and a very clean wood-like floor. I hate gross carpets so this caught my eye first. One night of sleep and we agreed the bed was comfy but the pillows were not. Bummer - I love lots of fluffy pillows.The second day we stopped at customer service and asked for a room closer to the elevator. Lots of people had checked out (since it was Sunday). The lady at the counter hooked us up with a similar room but on the 21st floor, very close to the elevator and with a working ice machine outside. Everything about the room was great and it was very clean.Good experiences with valet all week. Great experiences with the staff.  Even the cashiers were extra friendly; drink service was fast; and bartenders had heavy pours. Bugsy's Bar is one of our favorites. We sat at the pool in the mornings. The GO pool (21 and up) wasn't open yet but will be in a couple of weeks, so it was important to get there early to get a lounge chair in the sun. This was not a problem. I had been getting up early every day. There was a bar at the pool, and you could not bring your own drinks in here. They ID'ed and checked for alcohol. I did notice a couple flasks around though.One of the best features of Flamingo is the location. It's on the strip and centrally located. It's not one of the newest hotels but has undergone nice rennovations. We walked lots of places, even though we had a rental car. The watershow at the Fountains of Bellagio are just across the street. Quad is recently rennovated and closeby and Bills is presently undergoing construction. Paris is near, but we really liked the open-ness of the casino rooms at Flamingo best. We went next door to Margaritaville a couple times, since they're connected by a fun bar and some machines we bet pennies on.The outside area had waterfalls and fountains, big sitting rocks and wildlife that included turtles, fish, and real flamingos. It was all fantastic. There aren't many stores inside, but there are a few for shopping (even one just for adults with some fun stuff!) and only a few restaurants (I recommend dessert from the steakhouse). The Pizza Joint stayed open till 2am, but we were in bed before that every night. You have to pay for the fitness center, but 30 flights of stairs are available for free. Save your money and run on the strip for free. Make sure to do it early because it sure gets HOT in Vegas. Spend that saved money on a show. The X Burlesque show was in the Flamingo and very, very sexy. Make sure to search for cheaper tickets online, and ask for discounts at the Players Club desk. The Total Rewards card you get will save you money in restaurants at other casinos, as well as the Flamingo. We also received free tickets to comedy shows and the Auto Collection showcase from the Players desk.Spent a wonderful 5 days there and I already can't wait for the next stay here. Couldn't have asked for a better room for less than $100 a night! (A lot less with the deal we found!)
1	I am a frequent visitor of Vegas and the Flamingo - I enjoy the hotel and never had any issues. But this was the first time I opted to try out the salon on property. My best friend was getting married and we wanted to get our nails done.We booked an appointment with the salon and I have no bad reviews of the staff. My only issue is I opted for the gel manicure, I was familiar with the style and how long it lasts (roughly 2 weeks with no chips) and of course it cost more than the regular standard manicure. Needless to say I was immensely disappointed when after taking my shower the next morning to see I already had a chip on my pinkie nail. I didn't have time to go back and have them fix it as I was MOH in the wedding and had lots to do that day. I was even MORE upset that I had just spent $60 on a gel manicure only to have both of my thumb nails polish peel completely off by the end of the day. My hands looked ridiculous and I had people ask if I was the nervous one about the wedding. I paid good money to have a manicure/gel polish last me less than 48 hrs. Not acceptable!!Save your money on the manicures at the Flamingo Hotel Salon - the staff was very friendly and fun to talk with, but I would have preferred better quality of services than polite staff.
5	Long line to check in at 4pm but they have a self service Kiosk, made check in much faster, I was done in about 5 minutes and the other line had hardly moved, and there was a friendly helped at the self service Kiosk helping anyone with problems, he directed us to the elevators to use and pointed us in the right direction. Elevators looked pretty worn but they got us to the 27th floor ok. Go down the hall looking for our room and see the maids cart, yes you guessed it room is not ready yet.....Ahhhhh..... So we push her cart out of the way so we can drop or stuff in the room and get some dinner, maid is nowhere to be seen..."Hello, we are just going to drop our luggage off", no answer, I try again, this time she answers, she was cleaning the bathroom , about this time we start looking around the room and figure out that it's a bit larger than your average hotel room. Heck, this room was almost as big as my whole house, yes my house, your could fit 4 normal rooms inside this one suite, 1 Bedroom with a king size bed and room to spare, 2 bathrooms one with a two person tub, a wet bar, and a living room, with a view of Caesar's Palace and the Strip, the living room alone was almost 1100 sq feet, add another 600 sq feet for the bedroom, bathrooms and bar and you have a sweet room.Wife wanted to know what I paid for the room, $54.00 + tax, I guess it was just the luck of the draw and no one wanting to pony up the money for the room so they filled it with a lucky winner from the self service Kiosk line or who knows how, all that matters it that it was mine for a night, kind of sad that I didn't book it for the week. But then I would have gotten a small room.....So -1 Star for the room not being ready when we check in, -1 for the old elevators, -5 for the people trying to sell timeshares in the Casino and + 10 for a killer room at a killer price.But in all seriousness, the hotel is older and the elevators are showing their age but for the most part it was a very nice stay and the room was way above our expectations for the price we paid, yes the room was showing its age but nothing out of the ordinary and the staff was great so There is no way I can give the Flamingo anything less than 5 stars for this stay.
5	I recently stayed here for the 2nd time last week for my 30th birthday celebration. We arrived at the hotel on a Friday morning around 10am. Damon, the front desk clerk that took care of us, took care of us. He was extremely nice and professional. Once we mentioned it was my birthday, he upgraded us to a strip view room and also didn't charge us for an early check-in. Great way to start a fun-filled weekend.Once we got into our room, everything was gravy from there. They do charge $5 for a wine opener, but its classic Flamingo and its a good take home item. HaThe liquor store in the lobby is like your own personal grocer. The ladies will remember you and always keep tabs on your wins/losses. Bugsy's Bar on the main floor is the place to be Saturday night about 4am. It goes down, everything from drunk golfers to strippers getting yelled at. Quite the seen.I stayed here, I played here, I won here. Enough Said on the gambling aspect.Had a blast, will stay here again, and again.Viva La Flamingo.
1	Their service SUCKS big time!!!!!!!! Waited on the phone for at least 10 minutes asking for a toilet paper. I was put in hold for the longest time.l had to call twice for them to give us toilet paper. I got 3 different people on the phone and they were not friendly at all.They need to improve on their customer service. Would hate to stay here again.....very disappointing.
4	Staying here was a gift from friends.  We had never stayed at Flamingo before.  The room we checked into was cool.  I believe it was probably one of the better rooms available, and not all the rooms here are like the one we stayed in.  The view from the room showed a portion of the Las Vegas Strip including the Bellagio.  So were able to see the Fountains at Bellagio!  The room itself was very modern and tastefully decorated.  The bathroom even had a television!  5 stars for the room!The casino itself was fine.  Not as nice as other hotels on the Strip, but still okay.  The ambiance just seemed dated and needed some renovations.  Please note though, that we stayed here a couple of years ago.  So maybe now, renovations of the casino have taken place.  I do not know.The pools and gardens are terrific!!  It gets crowded at times at the pools though.  Make sure to check them all out!Did not do any shopping here, but we did buy crepes at one of their snack places.  The crepes were pretty good too. Self parking is not a problem.  We hardly used our car though during that 3 night stay.  The Flamingo is centrally located on the Strip.  So it is walking distance to everything good!!
3	I enjoyed our stay here as it was clean enough (though, very weird stains on the ceilings) , though it should be noted some rooms haven't been remodeled. TV was small (probably less than 30"), not flat screen. Service at front desk was extremely slow and it closes after midnight I believe and the lines for people trying to stay to get in were rumored to be over 1.5 hours, so come early to check in. Room was large, but I get the feeling that the rooms currently differ greatly by floor. Casino floor was nice. No free wifi.
5	My wife and I live in Vegas and we have to say this hotel is one of the most beautiful one we have spend time in and great service they don't have a lot restaurants but the Carlos and Charlie's is a great place to stop by and have a great time
1	I recently stayed here for the first time. Instead of writing a paragraph here is are some reasons why my stay here was let's just say less than perfect:-unfriendly staff, seems like no body likes their job here...-cleanliness of room was a disappointment-no early check in, you must pay a fee, and after you pay this fee don't be surprised if they put you in an unclean room only to have to move you -security guards take their jobs way to serious-pool is crowded w no seats and limited cabanaspositives:-cheap, but I guess you get what you pay for-centrally located-margarita ville
4	Stayed my last night in Vegas at The Flamingo. Overall it was a great experience! Started off by paying the additional fee (I believe it was $30-50) to check into a standard room early- around 11 am. The regular check in time is 3 or 4 pm, and I didn't want to wait in the luggage check line for 30 minutes just to return a few hours later and repeat the whole check in process. Arrived at at room on the 5th floor that resembled a not-so-well taken care of Ramada or Holiday Inn (small windows, old gross linens, old fixtures, etc.). Ugh. Then my friend and I noticed the tub had a leak and slow drain- it was about a third full of water. Yuck. Called guest services... took approximately 3 tries to figure out the automated system and get directed to the right person. So that's the bad. On to the good.Once I got someone the response was immediate. Not only did someone come to check out the issue less than 10 minutes later, but before even getting off the phone with me the front desk moved my friend and I to an upgraded room (a GO room) on the 21st floor. Yesssss. The difference in rooms was unbelievable. The upgraded room was maybe a little larger, but had huge floor to ceiling window views of the pool and preserve, a bathroom with a separate huge shower/ tub and a tv in the mirror, cool linens, cool headboards, cool lighting, a mini-fridge, the list goes on. The point is, spend a few extra bucks if you're going to stay here- it makes a humongous difference in your experience. In addition, you get free wifi with your resort fee. You have to sign up as though you are paying, but the charge is removed from your bill before checkout. Overall, The Flamingo gets major respect for taking care of their customers, and being the most reasonably priced hotel on the strip right now.
3	A throwback of a hotel (who doesn't love that about Vegas), but a good time gambling all around.  I was able to play cheap Pai Gow and stay for a while, drinking dozens of beers.  The cocktail waitresses and dealers are very nice.I have not stayed in the hotel, so I cannot speak to the rooms.  But if gambling is your thing, this place is pretty awesome!  Not a lot of flash, but a nice amount of cash...in your pocket.
4	This review is for the Fab Luxury rooms. Our room was overlooking the strip so no complaints about the view. There was some street noise, but a fair trade off in my opinion. The colour scheme is ok and these rooms have the faux wood floor, something I prefer over the carpet. Bathroom is big and unremarkable. The room was presented clean and the housekeeping was mostly finished by early pm. The location can't be beaten, even with a bit of construction around, I mean for the bargain price it's hard to nitpick. 2 issues that stop me from giving it 5 stars are the timeshare snails that attack you when you catch the lifts to and from your room (an unfortunate part of Caesars Ent group hotels) and the lousy one device only per room Internet connection, poor.  Overall I'd happily stay here again I'd just bring salt to throw at the snails.
3	Stayed over the weekend for the first time and I was very, very surprised by how clean and nice the rooms were.  Despite being one of the older/oldest hotels on the strip, the rooms were very nicely remodeled.  I like that they had a TV embedded within the bathroom mirror.  I'm not sure how I feel about the florescent light bulbs right above my bed, but overall, I liked the theme of the room.  Kinda girly, but I like it!I wouldn't mind staying here again, especially since it's located near the center and has a beautiful view if you're overlooking the strip!
3	I give it a 3.5. Great location, friendly staff, cheap, and much better than the others in its class. Will go back .
2	I saw a lot of negative reviews for here. However we had a relatively good experience aside from one major problem...This hotel has a serious parking issue. As a paying guest of the hotel staying for a weekend, those guests physically staying at the casino should ALWAYS be able to either valet or have a spot to park their car in the parking lot.We came as a family for Monster Jam finals and the entire weekend we were unable to park I. Their parking lot and the valet parking people told us they were full and we would have to park at another casino and walk over.This is simply unacceptable, ridiculous, and horrible horrible customer service to paying patrons of the establishment.When calling to discuss this issue, no one seemed to care and the valet people pretty much gave us the finger in front of our kids telling us its not their problem.We loved our room and hotel but I don't think I could ever go back here after the parking. I felt lime we wasted our money on this hotel as we spent much of our family time have to hike from hotel to hotel with our kids just to get to our room.Also, I've never seen such rude and disrespectful security at a pool... When is it ever ok to yell out "hey white girl bring yo towel back!" And the I proceeded to hear the same security guard complain about all the white girls at the pool...Racist beyond words....Will not be returning to such an awful customer services....
1	I have been to Vegas over 30+ times so I think I know what to expect.  The staff are rude, it smells of Pot, the food service at Cafe Breeze or Breeze Cafe was super slow, over an hour.  The rooms need serious updating, the layout is irritating...but most of all....the Rudeness.  I have stayed Everywhere but here...now I know.  Don't waste your money..spend a few bucks more and stay at the Monte Carlo, MGM...$75 a night vs.  $100 on a special deal...don't worry about the $25, it will be worth to go somewhere else.  It is unfortunate that the Flamingo has lost it's sparkle.  If you have no money stay at Excalibur or something.  Best bet I found is to go to Expedia put in 4 or 5 star and take your chances...I ended up staying at the Aria for $117 night!!!  Yes it's more money, but you're paying for things to be working, staff to be courteous, things to smell good, etc.  I will never stay at the Flamingo again.
1	*Ahem*So the photos of the rooms are not the actual rooms. Not even the newly remodeled ones.But let us start at the beginning...We stood in the check-in line for no less than 40 minutes at 10 p.m. on a Friday. This gave me plenty of time to inspect that unwashed masses that frequent the down-stairs area at night. It was like seeing the lights come on in a strip club at four in the morning. Fine, whatever, it's Las Vegas and it's not exactly the Wynn, either. We get up to our room, where the air-conditioning unit sounds like it's got emphysema. The paint int he bathroom was chipped. There was no floor-mat in the bathroom, either. No fridge, no coffee maker. Just a creepy pink-fur rug on the beds, like someone pelted a pimp.No one got much sleep because of the AC, so the next morning my dad called the front desk and asked that someone come fix it. At two he called again and found out that the person he spoke to in the morning neglected to actually put in a service request. At 9 p.m. we called again. A technician finally came up and inspected the AC unit (claiming all the while that he'd been up to our room earlier). This time he figured out what was actually wrong. By 11 p.m. the AC was quiet again.Did anyone offer to put us in another room? No. Offer comped amenities? Nope. *Apologize* for the inconvenience? As if. The signal in the hotel is pretty awful, too. All-in-all, if I was FORCED to spend another night in LV, I would pick the Hilton off the strip. NEVER AGAIN, FLAMINGO!!
2	The prive si good but too much hustle!Not enough parking space neither for valet parking nor self parking.Even though the lines are full they only have 3 people for check in/out!I spent 1:35 mins in parking and checking in.What a waist of time.
2	Recently stayed at the Flamingo. It was a very mixed experience.Dislikes:Because parking spaces were reserved for the Valet service, the Hilton, and Hertz, it was very hard to find a parking place in the ramp.The check-in process was very slow. I've never waited that long to check in.Likes:We thought the buffet was very good.Our room was clean.The location was great: middle of the strip.
3	If you're looking for a hotel on the Strip with a great location that's walking distance to all the other hotels but don't want to pay a lot to stay at those Vegas establishments, I would recommend the Flamingo. Compared to the new hotels surrounding it, this is not a hotel I would choose to hang out in but you don't go to Vegas to hang out in your hotel. You go to Vegas to hit as many hot spots as you can! The Flamingo's buffet sucks. Don't try it.The rooms are fine. They are updated, modern and clean.  The "driveway" of the Flamingo is actually behind the hotel so it might be a bit of a challenge to find it.
3	The Flamingo is another Las Vegas classic.Cheesy but fun, old but still exciting.The exterior as well as inside could use an upgrade, some areas like the pool and some of the rooms look great, other areas like the Casino not so much.Location is ideal right on the strip, worth checking out, or for a cheaper stay right where all the action is!
3	Some rooms are renovated others aren't, so there is a large disparity in rooms. Our a/c didn't work well but our water pressure was fantastic. Cocktail waitresses seem fewer in number than other casinos, and the ones in Margaritaville area do not wear pantyhose like the others; nonetheless their bikini type outfits are still sexy.
3	3 buddies of mine took a three day vacation to Vegas and we got an awesome deal for the Flamingo. We got a top level room and it had two twin beds, a shower and bathroom, a closet, a TV and was very comfortable.The view was awesome from that high up, we were hardly in the room that much, but the beds were just fine.The casino looked full most of the time and they had a few good shows going on. If you look, you can probably find a 2-1 for those.The only thing that stunk was waiting about 30 minutes to check in, because they only had three people to check guests in. Big boo! The line just kept growing and growing behind us.Overall, a fun place, the pool is only open until 5, but that is pretty common in Vegas. I don't think they want a lot of liquored up people swimming in their shallow pool. Also, you can't bring your own beer down to the pool. This is because they charge a lot for it down there for their stuff.  Also, the pool was pretty cold temperature wise, but not too much complaining from a Minnesotan on vacation.
4	Stayed at the Flamingo this last weekend for a little stay-cation with my boyfriend.  Got to the hotel at about 430 and was up in our rooms within 15-20 minutes.  I was expecting a long line at check-in because it was a Friday afternoon but quick and painless.  I booked one of the upgraded rooms and we were in the Habitat Tower.  Corridors need some work but all you are doing is walking down them.  The room was really nice and I didn't book a strip view but basically from our room we could see TI, Mirage, Harrahs, etc...  So kind of a strip view so I was happy.The room is hard wood flooring, big comfy beds and flat screen TV.  It looks like they only upgrade the room and not the bathroom.  The shower water pressure wasn't too great.  House cleaning was in and out fast and did a really good job.I always enjoy the Flamingo when I would come to just go to pool or get some drinks.  Its right in the middle of the strip, so great access to everything.  That is one reason why I booked here because of location.  I will continue to visit when I am on the strip and will def book here again if I want a stay-cation!
4	Just got back from Vegas. Three trips there and stay at the Flamingo each time. The first two times were great. We had a Go Luxery room with a strip view. WARNING...if you want the strip view, do not get a room on the front of the tower. The window is covered by mesh from the Donnie and Marie ad on the outside of the building. Also, there is a club somewhere close by and we heard the thumping of the base way into the night. Ask for a room on the side of the tower, facing Ballys. It is a better view of the fountains at Bellegio and no music from the club. We like this place because it is so old school. You can imagine Bugsy and the boys walking through.
3	Check In/Check OutWe used the kiosks and avoided the long 30+ min wait time, make sure you have the confirmation number or you won't be able to get a room.  We did get a random $100 dollar charge prior to check out but it all ended up okay.RoomWe got the fab deluxe room which is their standard room.  There is definitely a very long walk from the elevator to our room, which could be due to the kiosks.  So if you decide to wait in the lines,  I would request a room closer to the elevators.  We got lucky and got the rooms for $35-$40 a night.  The rooms were clean, to an extent.  But I did later notice that the sheets had some dirt marks on them. The beds were both sunk in and also very squeaky.  Also in the shower, there was a random hole in the top corner of the bathtub which was weird.  At the price we got the rooms for, this hotel is definitely worth it if you don't mind roughing it out a bit.  Other than the above mentioned, the room was nice with the new "renovations". Pool/Casino/ExhibitI wasn't able to visit the 21+ pool, but the family pool is nice but fairly small.  Chairs are pretty limited but there were plenty of towels to use.  The casino is definitely smokey, and I typically wouldn't walk around in them by myself.  They also have some birds near the pools that smell really bad, it was cool but nothing that you absolutely must do.Overall, the hotel was worth the price we got it for but I wouldn't want to pay more $70+ for the room.  Also the hotel charges an $18 resort fee which doesn't include WiFi.  We had to purchase that separately for around 15 dollars a day.
2	I had one night in Vegas and I chose this place for cost and for basic necessities. I paid around $35, but for whatever reason they gave me a suite instead. Pretty cool.Although it was a suite, it wasn't as nice as what I'm used to; chipped paint, semi-stained carpet, old sheets, and the overall feel had a dingy taste to it.But at the $35 for a suite, I was pretty much satisfied overall. Sure it had that old feeling, but it was sanitary and clean, and I'm good with that.I was a bit disappointed that their gym was closed early so I couldn't do my workout. I like their convenient $7 shuttle to and from the airport.
2	Third visit to the Flamingo,first two were wonderful. Desk staff on last visit was a nightmare, Casandra seemed to take pride in her rude ,bulling attitude. I don't know if she treat all seniors this way, but we insulted. For some reason she thinks if your hair is grey it is ok to treat us as  second class persons, who's credit card she controls.Flamingo shame on you, your front house staff is the worst I have ever had to deal with.
1	In town for a friends wedding.  Checked in on a Saturday around noon.  About a 20 minute wait for that.  The room DID look exactly like the one in the picture.  Exactly, in fact.  King sized bed (pretty comfy), flat screen tv, REALLY cheap and ugly pink/black furry.....thing and all.  Didn't really appreciate the ghetto tagging etched into the window.  But that was small and easy to ignore.  And we really loved how centrally located the Flamingo is on the strip.  The Paris and Caesar's are a short walk away (well, "short" in Vegas terms).  We were enjoying our stay and the casino (did really well at Black Jack and the dealer - his name was T.G. - was alot of fun!!).  Had breakfast at the Paradise Buffet on Sunday morning.  You pay for the buffet up front and input your tip (kind of weird to tip before you've had your meal).  I input $6.00 as the tip.  The girl at the register mistakenly input $600.00!!!  No problem, though, she caught the mistake herself and said she would fix it.  Midway through our breakfast, she brought us a new receipt showing the corrections.  Cool.Next morning, we want to check out.  So we go to the handy dandy "Express Checkout" function on our TV.  I've done this many times at many hotels.  We go through the whole process only for the TV to tell us the "Express Checkout" is not working.  Great.  So we go to the Lobby and head for the Registration Desk.  The line is huge.  And, yes, there were only 3 people at the Registration Desk.  Someone else here commented that they have WAAAY to few people working the desk for a property of this size.  And they are absolutely right.  And the 3 people that were working were so SLOOOOOOW!!!  After awhile, and realiziing we were going to be late for our flight, my partner noticed one of those old fashioned express checkout boxes where you fill out the card, drop your keys and the card in the box and you're on your way.  Fine.  Did it.  Done.  Rushing to the taxi stand, we notice there are about 6 people ahead of us.  And no taxis waiting.  No taxis.  None.  At a Las Vegas hotel.  In the center of The Strip.  The "helpful" taxi attendant said that the hotel shuttle was right around the corner and waiting and it's only $7.00.  We were pressed for time and couldn't afford to go to 6 different hotels to pick up more people (we took the shuttle from the airport to the Flamingo and stopped at 7 properties before they dropped us a block from the hotel entrance - they said it was due to construction but, it's funny, to pick people up, they pulled right up to the door).  So, we told him no, thanks.  We'll wait for a cab.  He says, "Ok, gonna be awhile."  And walks away.  5 minutes later, the shuttle leaves the property.  And wouldn't you know it, as soon as the shuttle leaves, taxi after taxi after taxi showed up like the Flamingo was the only resort in town.  That got me so mad I couldn't stand it!!  What a scam!!!  The taxi ride only cost $15.00, with tip!So, outside of the Flamingo's influence, the flight home was fine.  Except when I looked at my bank statement today.  Guess what $600.00 charge went through??  The torment continues.
2	Room was OK...don't touch that weird fuzzy pink throw. Bathroom was in desperate need of a renovation or at least a good scrub. Service was good...honestly didn't interact with the staff during my stay besides checking in.
3	My husband and I stayed here for 4 nights in April 2013 and it was reasonably priced and in a great location on the strip. We booked online and then were able to upgrade to a GO room for $20 extra per night so thats what we did. There was a very long line at check in but I noticed the kiosks available for us to do check in. That worked great and Greg ( awesome employee at Flamingo) assisted us and we got our room in 5 minutes! Greg was a great help and very personable! We got strip view however we coule hear music till 4 am on Fri and Sat night. The music is from Harrahs Carnival Court and very loud even on the 21st floor. The rooms were somewhat updated. There was even a tv in the bathroom mirror. Overall a good experience. Negatives-elevators take forever and the doors close quicklytime share people are very annoying and bother you when you get on/ off the elevatorsstrip view rooms are super loud till 4 am on weekendsPositives-location is greatbuffet is good and you can watch the flamingoes while you eatnice pool- gets crowded- chairs fill up fastaffordablemaids let you sleep inGreeg- he is in the lobby and very helpful
5	We came here to hang out prior to the Legends show and sat at the bar to play video poker. All of the dealers and casino workers were friendly. We played three card and also enjoyed the chance wheel. The flamingo casino is a great place to gamble, dine, and shop.
4	At first I was really scared to stay in this hotel I know these hotels look pretty on the outside but we all know what can happen in the rooms.My boss told me that flamingo has just redid their rooms and I said why not let's book it and I was very happy when we checked in and saw our room.I upgraded for 30 extra each night and it was totally worth it the room was nice the bathroom was nice and everything came out great!!Overall I totally recommend the flamingo and for sure upgrade if you can its so worth it. The customer service was amazing towards me and the cleaning service was amazing as well very trust worthy.I would for sure come back to this hotel. I had a great time and the location was perfect right in the middle of the strip.
1	What a horrible experience.  Room service sucked. 1 1/2 hours after ordering they "no showed." The tv constantly screwed up. The pool was a horrible mess.... One girl was puking in a garbage can. The one-on-one staff was very helpful & kind but getting ahold of anyone takes literally 20 minutes on hold. It's sad because the employees are very willing to provide great service but the management seems to be a total mess!
3	I stayed at both the older rooms and the newer rooms... The older rooms REALLY sucked... They smelled really bad and was not well maintained. The new rooms On The other hand, the GO Towers was awesome. I loved the mini fridge that they had. I can keep cold water and drinks in there for the kids. They were much cleaner and super comfortable. As for the table games.... There were a few really great dealers but a majority if them seem as I'd they don't want to be there.
3	Back again and this time in the Fab room, the new standard offering. They've replaced the carpeting with vinyl that looks like wood and feels cheap under your feet. There is a rug in the room, but I wish there were more soft surfaces to walk on after you've kicked off your shoes. The furniture is mostly new and retro. The bathroom hasn't been updated in close to 30 years. Overall, the new room looks better than it used to, and the way the furniture is arranged it makes the room feel bigger. If I had a preference, I'd take the upgrade to the Go room over the Fab, but I wouldn't turn down a Fab room.The Flamingo seems to be catering to the 2 Broke Girls set - those who want to stay at Planet Hollywood who don't have the funds. Why else would two girls be walking into the hotel on a Friday night, one carrying a bottle of vodka and the other a curling iron. Travel light, ladies. The location remains prime and the prices are fairly reasonable. The food is mostly terrible and expensive. The pool is one of the best in Vegas.Keep in mind that there's major construction going on both sides of the hotel. At one end, they're turning Bill's into an upscale boutique hotel. On the other, they're building Project Linq and refurbishing the common areas of the Quad (formerly Imperial Palace). That means you want a room in the middle of the property. You definitely don't want to be next to the Quad right now, as that construction site is jackhammering away 24/7. Ask where your room is before you take it, and check in as early as you can to avoid being stuck in a room across from a construction site. Tip: Total Rewards members can use the kiosk while everyone else is stuck standing in line. Go get the card."Resort" Fees are now in effect - $15/day gets you access to the fitness center and connecting one device to the internet. Making you pay $13.95 if you connect more than one device is kind of lame.
3	The rooms are remodeled, but we did find dust behind a lot of furniture. The shower dripped all night so we had to  close the bathroom door. For the price it's a good location and we had a view of the strip.Checking in was really easy with the kiosks, and the parking garage isn't too far away (enter from the back street). The hallway carpet is really gross and our room keys didn't work after the first night so we had to get new ones. I really liked the pool party GO, it was fun. We didn't have a fridge, which was surprising, later we heard you have to ask for one. I had ZERO cell service (Boost Mobile/Sprint) in the room.
3	My husband and I stayed at the Flamingo for three nights in April. It was okay but the hotel has clearly seen better days. The Fab room was passable but the bathroom needs a thorough cleaning. There was grime in the corners, the grout in the shower tile needed to be redone and the shower curtain and liner both needed to be cleaned then burned. The staff was very friendly and the service at the diner was excellent. For walking along the strip the location is the best. The live flamingos in the garden area were fun to see. The pushy irritating timeshare people need to go away and stop bothering the clients. Their behavior bordered on harassment more than once. No means no! I would stay there again but probably upgrade to a Go room or suite next time.
1	I see we are not covering anything here so have a great evening, and I will copy and paste this on yelp. Thank you Customer ChatChat TranscriptPlease wait while we find an agent to assist you...You are currently at position number 2 in the queue. All agents are meanwhile busy. Please stand by. An agent will be with you in a moment. Thank you for your patience. You are meanwhile at position number 2 in the queue. The next available agent will be with you in a moment. All agents are meanwhile busy. Please stand by. You are currently at position number 1 in the queue. An agent will be with you in a moment. Thank you for your patience. The next available agent will be with you in a moment.You have been connected to Sarah M...Sarah M.:  Hi there! How may I assist you with your reservation today?David:  What kind of price could I get at the flamingo hotel. For Aug 8 to Aug 11, We will be arriving around 2:00 p.m. and departing around noon. Sarah M.:  I'll be happy to help with your questions and reservation today!Sarah M.:  Please give me 3 to 5 minutes to check on that for you.David:  The Ex Caliber is offering a rate at 65.00 a night.David:  Did I lose you?Sarah M.:  Thank you for waiting. I am showing that the Flamingo has a Deluxe Room for $93.33 per night. How does that sound?David:  Not good. I can get it for 65.00 plus tax for a one bedroom two beds non smoking breakfast. I thought you compared prices online let try again.David:  It a corporate meeting I am attending that is very high.David:  It a corporate meeting I am attending that is very high.Sarah M.:  I can only offer the same pricing and inventory shown on our website.David:  Hmm I just spoke with your reservation department, and they told me to speak with the online web chat that they can offer better prices. Why are you not willing to help?Sarah M.:  I can only offer what's listed online. I'm showing that the Flamingo Las Vegas is $93.33 per night for the 8th to the 11th.David:  With price line, I can get a room for two beds for $160.71 everything included.Sarah M.:  You're on the Name Your Own-Price page.Sarah M.:  With Name, Your Own Price what will happen is you will choose your area, star level and price. Then you will review the information and agree upon the terms and conditions. Once you enter your credit card information and click the "Buy My Hotel Room Now" button, we will search for a hotel for you. If we find one, then we will book you there and charge your card, then you will get the hotel's name and information.David:  That is sad you are not willing to price it better than that. I guess I will yelp your status and copy the feedback on yelp.Sarah M.:  I am showing you are on the Name Your Own Price.David:  That's fine I'll just yelp this whole conversation and leave a bad feedback.Sarah M.:  With that option, you can choose the price you want to pay. However, you are not guaranteed a specific bed type, or a specific hotel, like the Flamingo.Sarah M.:  If you are only interested in the Flamingo, it is the $93.33 per night price.Sarah M.:  Name Your Own Price is mainly about savings, so the hotel name is not disclosed until after purchase. However, you will get a quality hotel, and it will match your selected star rating (or higher), area selection, travel dates, and number of rooms.David:  Well, the Flamingo is not a nice hotel it's old and smells so don't try to pull that on me. There are better hotels out there then yours.Sarah M.:  If you choose to Name Your Own Price, you are not guaranteed a specific hotel, or specific beds.Sarah M.:  We do guarantee that if your bid is accepted, the hotel will be in the area that you selected, at the star level or higher than you specified.David:  I am sure they are willing to work for their customers.Sarah M.:  With Name Your Own Price, all rooms will accommodate up to two adults. Requests for bed types (King, Queen, two Doubles, etc.) or other special needs (including preferences for smoking or non-smoking rooms) should be requested through your confirmed hotel and cannot be guaranteed.Sarah M.:  If knowing your exact hotel is important to you, I recommend you use our "list view" option. Using this option, you can choose a specific hotel and room type that is within your price range. Which option will work best for you?David:  I see we are not covering anything here so have a great evening, and I will copy and paste this on yelp. Thank you
1	Horrible service. We were given a smoking room the first night although we requested non-smoking. Upon room change the hotel lost one of our bags and was not found for almost 24 hrs. We spent hrs of our day with security looking for it only to be compensated $50 food credit which wasn't even good at most locations in the hotel. We tried to get late checkout on Sunday  because me lost so much of our previous day searching for the bag and were denied. Manager quoted us a price much higher than published rates and even more than weekend rates. The pool was closed to a private party on Saturday which we were not warned about upon booking. Neither of our rooms were strip view like we requested and paid for. We will never stay here again. Go pool was fun when it was actually open.
3	Stayed there the second weekend of April 2013 and I was pleasantly surprised. Great location on the strip. Bit slow of a valet process though considering we checked in around 6pm or whatever time the day clubs closed for the day.. but I think that might have had to do with people leaving the hotel too for dinner/shows. The rooms were ok sized for 2 queen beds. The floor to ceiling window was cool and pink suede curtains were cute! Room was super dim though, I took the lamp shades off the 2 lamps in the room so the girls and I could do our hair and make up with out looking like clowns!!
3	Poop
2	This is my first night here... Room is not as bad as i thought it would be. The service is slow but gets done. I was gambling at the blackjack tables and the dealers were nice. This is the only con i encountered but needs to be addressed. I ordered Johnnie walker black and the lady brought me something else.  I asked it to be changed nicely and was brought back the same exact drink and she said she said she saw the tender pour the correct drink.Now... im not a fool and i have been drinking the same drink for 5+ years.  I was thoroughly dissapointed when i asked the drink to be changed and was brought back the same exact one i was given,  the one i gave back to her. This is one of the lowest customer service experiences ive encountered for a while.  Shame on you flamingo employee for having such lousy service.
2	Our experience at the Flamingo was not a good as I had hoped it would be and I am not quick to recommend it based on accommodations or the helpfulness of the staff. The rooms are large (we stayed in a Mini GO Suite) but the TVs were so annoying because the one remote that operated both rarely operated the one TV you were attempting to operate as it would also operate the other. If you weren't careful you would end up turning both at the same time and the tv closest to the bed was programmed to turn on at a very loud volume, it was deafening and irritating. Even more annoying was the VERY limited availability of mirrors in the room. Never before have I appreciated access to a mirror while getting dressed. But considering that this was my wedding, I wanted AND NEEDED to see myself in my dress. The one and only full size mirror in the whole room was in the narrow entryway. The only way to see yourself was to stand right up against the mirror in the narrow 3 ft hallway. I got so claustrophobic in that small area and it was practically impossible when I had on my wedding dress. Besides, it was pointless because there was limited lighting and because I had to stand so close to the mirror that I couldn't get a good look, that is, if I was able to see through the fog that appeared on the mirror from breathing within the close proximity. The lack of mirror access would be annoying in general, but for dressing for my wedding, I would have stayed somewhere else had I known in advance. After many calls to the front desk and several broken promises by the Flamingo staff to return our calls, a full-size mirror was eventually brought to our room. They made it very clear that we could only have the mirror in our room temporarily and that they'd be back to pick it up later that afternoon. Wow, they sure know how to make a girl feel special on her wedding day.... And sure enough, they quickly retrieved the mirror as they were concerned that it posed a liability since it was not secured and just leaning on the wall. I am pretty sure that they only brought it up because they picked up on the possible liability [to them and/or the room] I was on the verge of becoming if I did not get a mirror. I was close to becoming full blown bridezilla and pull the hall mirror off the wall and move it to area of the room where I could actually use it. I wanted a mirror and I was not going to give up. And the Flamingo staff sure made it hard to get it done. Everyone was quick to supply "congratulations" in an area where weddings occur on a daily basis, but I was surprised that the Flamingo did absolutely nothing for us on our wedding day. The fact that we were getting married on-site was noted at the time of booking and we used their outside chapel for the ceremony. There was no card or small amenity to welcome, congratulate, or anything to remotely make us feel special or to show appreciation for choosing them for our special day. What we did get from the Flamingo staff was the runaround and utter frustration from having to work so hard just to get a mirror.
3	I returned here again to a double queen size bed room located in the Spa Tower overlooking the Bally's hotel. My room 23-032 was located on the 23rd floor, which is one of my personal preferences for a high floor. As you can see from my pics this room has more of a Spa motif and feel with the use of glass in and around the bathroom area. It was nice, but, I prefer the room from the last time overlooking the strip. That room had wood-toned floors, but, a much better view in my opinion.Both rooms are of equal size and quality. My room cost was only $110 in April, which I thought was a good deal. Please read my previous reviews for more info.
1	FECES ON THE CARPET.  I've never written a negative Yelp before, but the Flamingo in Las Vegas has earned it.  My recent bad experience happened just last weekend, but first I need to share the lead-up.Several year ago when I checked into the Flamingo, I went up to my room and the card key did not work.  I went down to the desk and they gave me another one.  Up to my room again, and that one didn't work either.  Back down to the desk and they decided to give me a new room and a new key.   I went up to my new room, and this time the key card worked.  Only problem was there was a half-naked fat guy in my room (a stranger, to be clear).The Flamingo finally got lucky when they issued me a 4th card to a 3rd room.  I got in and it was unoccupied.  Now usually I'm a very accepting person -- but after all this inconvenience and embarrassment, I felt I was entitled to a little compensation.  Any decent hotel would have offered without me asking, but the Flamingo had not -- so I asked.  After a little reluctance they finally offered me a voucher for $20-worth of food at  their coffee shop/breakfast counter near the back of the hotel.  When I went to redeem the voucher, the woman at the cash register didn't know what I was talking about.  She needed to take the time to call the front desk to get confirmation.  And when she did, a line of people built up behind me and the other guests grumbled and cursed me.  Gee, thanks, Flamingo!Flash forward a few years.  My brother got us a good deal (for just last weekend), so I decided to give the Flamingo one more chance.  I arrived at the hotel with my brother and we went to the desk to check in together.  Casual conversation with the woman there revealed my past bad experiences.  Right there at the desk, half-jokingly, I bet my brother $10 that there would be trouble -- that either the card key wouldn't work, or there'd be a naked fat man in the room.Up to the room we went.  We got in fine and the room was not occupied.  I was happy to have lost the bet.  As we began to settle in, I'd taken my sneakers and socks off and was walking around the place.  A few times I stepped on something small and crumbly with my bare feet right next to my bed.  At one point I bent down to see what it was.  Looked like a bit of a brownie or cookie.  Oh well, I picked it up to throw it away.  It looked funny, so I gave it a sniff.  ... Shit.  I was holding a small, dry, elongated piece of shit.  Disgusted, I went to the toilet to throw it away.  I flushed and washed my hands.(Can you believe I was going to let this go?  I was so determined not to have another bad experience that I was going to let this go.)  I gathered some toilet paper and went back over to where I'd found the feces, intending to just wash the area a little.  But when I did, I discovered two more pieces.  My brother tried to suggest that "Maybe it's flamingo shit that somebody tracked in on their shoes."  "No," I said, "this is mammal shit.  It's either dog or human.  Either way, there's no excuse."So my brother got on the horn and complained to the hotel.  Their first offer was to come and clean the rug.  But my brother insisted on a new room.  We got a new room "upgraded" to the Strip side of the hotel.  We accepted.  Turns out that room was a little smaller than our previous room, and the view wasn't as nice because it had one of those gigantic ads plastered across the window -- later turned out to be part of Donny Osmond's hair.Bottom line: Any decent hotel would have given us a night free.  Any GOOD hotel would have probably given us the whole 3 nights for free.  Do you think you would have found shit on the floor of the Bellagio?  Would they not have bent over backwards in apology?  The Flamingo's recent upgrade is nothing but lipstick on a pig -- just as I'd predicted before we arrived.  Some of the rooms may look more hip and modern, but it is managed just as badly as every.  It's a shit hole.Nice pool though!
3	Stayed here during my 21st birthday festivities in one of the newer upgraded rooms. It's pretty decent for the price you pay. Located in about the middle of the strip. I noticed that not a lot of young people stayed at this place (Go figure, haha) since it's one of the older hotels. One of the lights wasn't working in our room and we had requested for maintenance to check it out but they never did, haha. I'd definitely stay here again though if I want to stay on a budget but still stay in a decent room. TIP: Stay in the newer rooms!
1	This place is beyond disappointing. At least 30 people in our group, all of which were disappointed or had noticeable damage to their room. IF you get a "remodeled" room be prepared to half a remodeled  room. The bathrooms are still old, gross and have mold. Mirror was broken, counter tops torn off, floor missing. Ridiculous. As for the rest of the hotel, it is seriously neglected. Rugs, walls, windows, and elevators are completely just dirty. They can't possibly have cleaning employees. It's too bad because it's been a part of the strip for so long.
1	I stayed here during a business trip in April 2013.  I was excited before I arrived because it was my first time in Vegas.  However, this quickly faded.  My room was not what I expected in fact I have actually stayed at Holiday Inns that were better.The furniture had ink writing/drawings on it. The windows were very dirty, and 2 nights I had no hot water.  Not to mention WIFI is charged, and there the room only has basic cable.  Once again Holiday Inn's offer free WIFI and HBO.  The elevators are horrible graffiti and missing wall mounts.  They writing and scratches all over it...reminded me of the mall elevators.Most of the staff at the check in counter are very friendly but the rest of the staff not so much.  I called to get my hot water fixed and it took 25 mins for someone to come to the room.  Then the maint. guy step with his dirty boots all over the floor mat.  The hotel did not offer any comp. for the bad service.The best thing about this hotel is the outside area...its beautiful with the water falls, ducks, birds, and fish.I am looking forward to going to Vegas again but I promise it WILL NOT be there.
4	I stayed here with some friends May 9-10 and it was lovely. My friends were a bit skeptical because we had a manager at work warn us to NEVER EVER EVER stay at the Flamingo. Well I took the chance after reading the reviews and it was grand! When we were checking in online it said that we would have to wait until 6pm to check in however I showed up at 4 and they didn't mention anything and didn't charge an early check in fee. We waited in line for about 30 minutes, which is pretty standard for Vegas Strip Hotels. The front desk attendant asked if we wanted a pool view room or a strip view room. I asked, "Which is cheaper?" Expecting the pool view to be a little bit more. She kinda laughed, and so did my friends... I guess it's the same... I chose strip view anyway because I like looking at the lights. We stayed in a standard 2 queen bed room. So none of this "GO ROOM" stuff. The floor was linoleum, which I really enjoyed. They had a cute grey and pink rug in front of the TV. The room was clean and contemporary. The beds were decorated with these so ugly it's cute fuzzy pink rugs. Haha the window looking outside was huge! It Took up the whole wall from floor to ceiling so we had a nice view, and the curtains (PINK) were heavy blackout curtains. There is no heater/ac unit in the room. It's just controlled air. I didn't even see a thermostat. The temp was practically perfect. I was only looking for review purposes. The bathroom was a nice size. It was large and clean. In the shower  there was a string that pulled across so that you could hang your swimsuits/wet clothes in the bath without it getting on the floor. NICE! The beds were clean! And comfy! That is a for sure must have.Outside there was a FLAMINGO EXHIBIT!! With ducks and the biggest freaking Koi fish I've ever seen! They were twice the size of the ducks! They also had a little pelican exhibit and a few black swans. They had a waterfall area were you could stand and take your picture and I beautiful water fountain. The main bad thing about this place is the pool... It was so big! And so nice! But we had to opt out because it was so full!!! There was nowhere to sit. Nowhere to stand. Nowhere to lie down to tan. Also, the pool closes at 6... This is hot Vegas we're talking about here... The pool should stay open later! Oh well... Checking out was such a breeze! I didn't do the express check out. I don't know why but I don't trust those... I went to the front desk to do it. Unfortunately the check in/check out line is the exact same line... They should be fixed as well... However when I was entering the line there was a man standing at the front of the line wearing a tux with an iPod whom asked, "May I help you?" And I told him I was checking out. He asked my name and room number and checked me out super easy, super fast. He was really nice as well. All in all I'm happy we chose to stay here. The customer service wasn't bad at all and the room was nice. Just fix that major problem of the pool and you'll get a 5 star review!
4	I stayed in the Flamingo last weekend as part of Bloggers in Sin City, an annual, 70-person "unconference" in Vegas. There were plenty of minorly annoying aspects of staying at a major hotel in a big tourist city - the check-in lines are unbearably long, there was trash in the hallways (?), housekeeping forgot to clean our room one day. All that aside, I had an overall positive experience at the Flamingo. The staff seemed to do their best to alleviate some of the issues. A very friendly front desk staffer walked us through kiosk check-in so we could avoid the VERY long line & walked us to the front of the line to work with someone else when the kiosk malfunctioned a little bit. When I called to be sure our room would be cleaned the day after housekeeping passed us over, a very apologetic housekeeping staffer promised to tend to us the next morning & offered up a conversation with his manager if I wanted to take it up the chain (I didn't, but I appreciated his forthcomingness). And so on. Other staffers were absurdly friendly, too, in ways that made the whole stay a more positive experience overall, from the amiable bellhop to the fast-moving buffet server who kept us rolling in water refills & much-needed coffee to the gift shop worker who helped me pick out a clutch purse 20 minutes before my big event to the pool bartender who remembered up names (big ups to Rigo for treating our group so well!)Other positives: The Flamingo has a few nice shops attached to the lobby, a spa with inexpensive quick massages, a Margaritaville, a party pool & a quiet pool, a few shows & attractions, a massive & comprehensive buffet, a brewery with a great outdoor patio, &, of course, a casino. It's in a great location on the strip, pretty close to everything, & from some of the rooms & hallway windows, you can see the famed Bellagio fountains! If you're looking for a swanky Vegas experience, the Flamingo may not be the hotel for you. But if you're looking for a positive experience in a hotel that seems to give a damn about its customers, even without big-time prices & fancy extras, then this hotel is a great choice. I would definitely stay here again. Thanks, Flamingo!
4	Had the cheapest non smoking room and it was completely remodeled.  Everything tip top shape.  We stay there because of the great pools and gardens.  Sad to say the main pool is now geared to 30 year olds with the worst  X rated, ear splitting, rap music.  Would have given 5 stars except for the music.
1	Do not go see legends in concert here. 1 hour show, not worth the $$. Michael Jackson impersonator was great! But Elvis, Brittany spears, and rod Stewart not so good....  Would not waste the$$ to attend this!
2	It's ok.  Not the best, not the worst.  We stayed here on a trip where we got a decent deal, however, we were in an older room.  Make sure you get a room in the renovated part of the hotel.  They will try to upcharge you when you get there, if you want to check in early or be above the 4th floor.  The room was clean and the bathroom servicable.  However, at night, it was ridiculously loud.  It has been the only time in a Vegas hotel where the noise outside of the hotel was so loud it prevented me from sleeping.  Margaritaville is downstairs and there are some cheap eats to be had here.  IF you get a cheap enough price it's ok for a night or two, but unless you're 21, don't go here on your first trip to Vegas.  If you're looking for a place to actually SLEEP, look at other cheap properties.
2	Yes, the Flamingo is in a great location.  However, the rooms, especially the furniture are OLD.  It really needs remodeling.  People were friendly.  However, the restaurants are poor.  We ate next door at the Paris twice during our stay and only ate breakfast (coffee and muffin) at the Flamingo.  No, I wouldn't stay there again.  When, I'm on vacation, I'd rather have a cleaner and nicer hotel.
4	The process to checkin was long but I signed up for total rewards which made checkout much faster. We had one f the FAB rooms and it was clean and updated. They gladly brought a fridge for my husband's insulin at no charge to us. The staff was always helpful. The DOC for our wedding was wonderful. Carlos n' Charlie's was by far our favorite restaurant there. It was our best vacation week that we have ever had.
5	My Review is actually based on the Diamond Lounge AT the Flamingo Las Vegas... always our favorite place to hang on our visits especially if Gwen is working.. She is the BEST hostess EVER.. always remembers us even tho we only visit every 3-4 mos... Thank you Gwen, for always making us feel special..   ALSO a big PAT on the back for Tony... he ROCKED on our last visit :) Keep those Lemon Drops coming!!
2	We got a newly renovated room, I mean broom closet. There was seriously a foot around the bed to walk. That's it. In the bathroom, the dust hanging off the vent looked like a scary horror movie. In the 18 hours we spent at the Flamingo, a neighboring room's room service tray of used dishes never moved or was picked up. Gross. I've stayed at the Flamingo quite a few times and this last visit makes me never want to return.
3	Sometimes it's the little things that let you know the kind of hotel you're in. We were in one of the renovated rooms.  Here were some of the little "touches" we noticed: * The fancy-ass sliding glass bathroom door does not actually shut all the way (one inch gap around the edge) and thus is not even remotely soundproof.  (Guess what I'm doing in here?)  It was also impossible to open and shut quickly or quietly in the middle of the night.    * Both of the gooseneck lamps installed on either side of the bed felt like they were falling apart, and were so rickety the light would cut out if you jiggled them the slightest bit.  * The cheap silicone caulking in the shower and bathroom was already developing mildew spots.  * There was absolutely no way to turn on the light fixture above the bed.  Either we completely missed a light switch after looking around the room for five minutes, or the switch next to the bed in our particular room was miswired.  (It turned on the inexplicable pink go-go lights in the bathroom, as did the switch by the front door.)* The Ethernet port in the room wasn't assigning IP addresses.* There was a sign on the sound system that if we took the white iPod cable in the drawer, there would be a $50 replacement charge.  There was no white iPod cable in the drawer.* There's a TV in the bathroom mirror...showing the finest standard definition cable channels available.  Anyway, I'm not saying this was a pit by any means, but the little things here and there kind of added up to the overall "meh".  We were here because we got a fairly decent deal and it served its purposes, and it's fairly central on the Strip without being as expensive as the Bellagio et al.  That said, next time the Vegas urge hits we might well look for a deal elsewhere.  (Frankly, one big reason to look elsewhere is to be near decent dining.  We left the hotel for every single meal and there was one night when we reeeeally did not want to have to walk four blocks to get something worth eating.)  It's Vegas: YMMV.  FWIW: You can sign up for their rewards program in the lobby to get early check-in for free instead of waiting till 4 PM or paying $25.
5	My husband and I got married on May 17, 2013 at the Garden Gazebo at the Flamingo Hotel. We booked the gazebo in February, and it was absolutely the easiest thing. Over the next few months, we emailed frequently with our original coordinator, later replaced by the fabulous Kris LaBuda, and picked the music, flowers, processional order, etc.  I believe we chose the Lavender package originally, but we added quite a bit of extra photography time, which I highly recommend.  Just make sure you warn any skittish guests that the gazebo is right next to the party pool, and even though they will turn down the music a bit, you will still be able to hear hooting and hollering, and the latest obnoxious radio hits. It didn't bother me a bit, but some older guests were worried. Everything was absolutely awesome! Kris answered by hundreds of very detailed questions, and even without a rehearsal, the ceremony went perfectly. Our officiant, Vegas Von, was fabulous and hilarious, and the ceremony was about 10 minutes, which is exactly what we wanted, since at 4 pm in May, half of our 75 guests were in the sun. The flowers for my bridal bouquet and my six bridesmaids were gorgeous. The photographer, Danelle Freitas from Imagine Studios, was beyond amazing. She showed up to the bridal suite right on time to get pictures of me getting ready, the dress and accessories, and the lovely bridesmaids. Danelle jumped right in and was absolutely wonderful in capturing the "dress reveal" with first my family, and then my wonderful husband-to-be.  Please, please see each other before the wedding, people, and get the photos out of the way! Danelle hiked us around the Flamingo hotel capturing some awesome shots, and even though my feet were not very pleased, the pictures are incredible.  Pay for the cd with the photo rights to all your shots, since the prints are expensive and really, nobody wants formal prints, and it's $35 for full rights to each individual image. The only things I would have changed about the entire shindig would be to wear really really comfortable shoes (nobody can see them!) and to maybe add an hour or two of photography time so Danelle could have come with us to our reception at Margaritaville.
1	Pretty cheap with the Allegiant package...but for a reason.  The wallpaper in the halls was peeling off, the room we had (on the 23rd floor) was meh, although the view was nice.  Decor was dated and the fixtures in the bathroom were rusty.  There was a large clump of hair on the shower wall when I stepped in for the first shower, and the room was quite dusty.  Overall I'm a little scared that my blanket wasn't clean and the floors were filthy (linoleum).  The other floors may have been updated and look different, I didn't stop and look around.Oh, and in the spirit of being in the most expensive and non visitor friendly city in the world, there was NO COFFEE POT in the room.  If you depend on fresh caffeine in the morning, you will be walking through the hotel to find it and standing in line to pay out the nose for it!
4	Checking in, oh boy. Be prepared for a wait! Everyone waits until they arrive at the desk to begin room negotiations. Everyone who visits Vegas thinks they have an inside track that will give them free whatever just by dropping their name or flashing the free card that everyone receives just by asking. Maybe it works, maybe it doesn't but be prepared to wait!The location is great! Perfect for strip-goers. The food court in Flamingo is lacking. Not bad for a quick bite but nothing special, either. No coffee makers in the non-suite rooms. Be prepared to pay $3 for bad coffee downstairs.
4	We stayed here for our Las Vegas wedding. We got the Mini Go Suite and it was really chic and the bed was so comfortable. We love the TV on the bathroom mirror and the spacious room we had. It was perfect for getting ready on the big day. We asked for the room facing the pool so there's no traffic noise. It was quiet and peaceful. The only complaint I have, is how ridiculously a long wait it was to check in. We have our wedding party and family stayed here as well and we all waited about 40 minutes in line before we got to the check in desk. Besides that, everything else was peachy.If you booked a room, make sure to ask to be put in the SPA tower instead of the HABITAT tower. The spa tower rooms already got remodeled. We will stay here again.
3	Let's face it, if you are in Vegas, chances are you aren't spending a lot of time in the room.  My husband and I were rarely in our room other than to literally catch 2 or 3 hours of sleep.  If that is your type of trip, then the Flamingo is perfect. Nothing fancy, nothing dumpy - just right to run in and out of.A few complaints, the room wasn't the nicest room I've ever had. At least the view was okay, we overlooked the pool area and had a great view of scenery being 25 floors up.  The bathroom left much to be desired, and no fridge? Come on!  Housecleaning did not stop in one day at all, our trash was overflowing as well as our dirty towels, which was pretty disgusting.  The hallways also were a bit on the dingy side - wouldn't walk barefoot that's for sure.  I also swear someone pooped on the floor at one point, the smell was horrendous and I swear I saw a blob of poop.  You can also hear your neighbors to easily and all of the noise in the hallway.Which is fine, but sometimes enough is enough.  We were also told we couldn't upgrade, however we saw people in the elevator and overheard them talking about the room they were switching to. (LIES)I also did not like the haul from the lobby to our room. lugging my heavy suitcase, it was a pain in the neck!!!i liked the casino area, that was pretty nice and I did like the 24 hour pizza joint near our room elevators, I swear that place was my best friend. Again, nothing to write home about - perfect if you don't plan on spending alot of time in your room.
5	I stayed at the Flamingo last week for my first vacation in 6 years!!! Holy overdue! Anyway, I had picked the Flamingo because of its vicinity to so many other strip attractions and yet rooms are so much less than surrounding hotels, minus Ballys and the Quad. I had been planning this trip for over 6 months and am not going to lie, some of the reviews here had me super worried....thankfully that was not the case and I have nothing but good things to say about my stay!We arrived at 11am on a Friday...check in isn't until 4pm unless you want to pay a fee. I had already joined their Total Rewards program at home and printed our temp cards so we went to get the real cards at the TR booth and found out TR members can check in early at no charge...at noon! It wasn't quite noon but there was only one person in the TR guest line so we gave it a go. At that time we were able to take care of everything but had to come back to get the keys at 12. Piece of cake! The guy that helped us was awesome... Removed the resort fee for me since I had booked back in February but had changed to a better packed after they started the resort fee (on his own, I didn't even ask), gave us some tips on ways to get around quick and was super friendly and fast. Our GO room was really cute and clean with a view of the pools. We were on the 25th floor of the Spa Tower. I was excited it had a mini fridge and a coffee maker...nice to have cold water available and store left overs to eat for breakfast. The bed was super comfy, there's a huge mirror for getting ready and lots of lights in the bathroom. We had no problems at all with the room, keys or house keeping during our stay.Some tips....the coffee place in the hotel sucks and was way overpriced. Maybe we are Starbucks snobs, but really, yuck. None of the restaurants here were impressive, but like I said, it's in the perfect spot to walk to better restaurants. Serendipity across the street is FABULOUS! If you hit the GO pool go early if you want a lounge chair. They open at 9 and there will be a line to get in.  The party goes all day here...if you want beer buy a bucket before noon and save your self 10 bucks! The pool food was pretty good too. My only 2 complaints were 1. Who ever had the room before us thought it'd be great fun to set the clock radio alarm for 2 am, full blast on static. Yes it's Vegas and yes I was asleep at 2 am and that really, really sucked. 2. The iPod docking stations are great, until you are awakened by a ridiculous alarm at 2 am and then forced to hear the base of your neighbors techno music til 4 am. Not the hotel's fault some people are inconsiderate...maybe if I'd had some good coffee I'd not be so grumpy about it. Check out was easy. I went down early (10am) to pay my pool tab and took care of everything in about 5 min. Was told to leave the keys in the room and that was it. I vote stay here. You'll be close to it all and save money for fun on the strip...winning!
1	Horrible customer service from Jim A and manager Mr. Osorio!  Alarms went off twice, constantly dripping shower, room keys stopped working for 2 rooms, very Little seating at the 21 and over pool( you have to rent a couch for $300! I didn't get as much as an apology from management!  I go to Vegas 6 times a year and this was by far the worst experience EVER!  Not worth the savings!   Find people who love their jobs!  I would stay at circus circus before coming here again!
1	Man this place sucked. We stayed here because we read the Flamingo has one of the top 10 pools and it was my birthday "girls" trip. We arrived at 3pm and check in wasn't until 4pm. Can we check in early? If we want to pay a $15 fee or buy a room upgrade to check in early. The cashier was a real snoot about it too. I said we were excited to get to the pool and wasn't there a vacant room only one hour early? Nope (BS). So we wandered around on principal alone and checked out the scene. The pool was crazy busy and we saw a sign saying the pool was open 10am-6pm. 6pm?? I stopped and asked the security guard who said that when its "in season" they'll close at 7pm but for now its 6pm. In season??? Its June! Its 105 friggin degrees! 7?? Thats still too early!! We could have stayed at the Gold Nugget and swam next to sharks till 11pm every night! So then we wait till 4 to check in, and the bell guy of course can't get the dang luggage to the room (probably due to the huge amount of luggage dispersed at 4:01pm) until about 445 pm. Needless to say, day 1 - no pool. NEXT. the toilet spun/flushed itself every 11-14 minutes (we timed it while we waited for the Bell boy) and the pipes groaned so I called and asked hotel to come fix it. There was no way to turn the water off because the knob was gone. The man who answered was a smart ass and I thought he was blowing smoke up my..ya know... and yep he was. That night we returned from our outing with the toilet flushing and whining. Next day I called and asked if they'd checked it out. The lady who answered said there was no request for a fix. Of course. So I don't know if it got fixed. We went out to eat for breakfast at the cafe thinking of getting something light. The food was small and cost just as much as the buffet. At least the coffee was decent. I ended up going to Tahiti Village to stay and it was pretty nice. Had a cool lazy river, but was a bit off the strip. I have stayed at Harrahs too and that was fine, but I don't remember checking out the pool.... I don't recommend Flamingo.
1	A poor quality managed hotel, Nightmare. Dirty Pool!Perhaps, it's about the time to demolish this hotel and build a new one with good quality managers. We had absolutely a nightmare stay in this hotel during our June trip. 2nd time we visited this hotel butt last year it was more reasonable. We stayed at "Go Room". Managers are bunch of clowns with absolutely no authority to exercise their duties when there are problems. Absolutely worthless managers. Which part of our stay I should talk about? When we checked in they put us in lower level room because they were overbooked while I made the reservation a month in advance. Or when we return to our room to sleep at 2 Am, the room wasn't cleaned so the clown manager, Randy, saying to us it would be done 1st thing in the morning while was smirking... We need a bed to sleep so we demanded room to be cleaned and Randy manger said housekeeper would be at our room within 10 min but an hour past and no one showed up. Then we called housekeeping manger, Debra, and she said that housekeeper is cleaning executive room and promised to get it cleaned soon. And yes, housekeeper showed up at 3 Am to clean our room. What an excellent service!This hotel is managed by bunch of mafia looking organization so those managers looking persons are just puppets or clowns.
1	First off, be prepared to wait a long time when checking in. So unorganized .  The check in clerk was rude and could tell he didn't want to be there.  Room was just okay. No wifi in the room unless you wanted to pay $13.00 a day.  The hallway carpet was sooo DIRTY (plain gross).   Food trays, pizza boxes and beer bottles left in hallway for a full day.   Food okay, but over priced. However, Carlos & Charlie's was very good.  The place is very outdated...needs a major redo. Originally, planned on staying at Flamingo for 3 nights, but could only take it for 1 night.  Went (ran) to another hotel the next morning. Stayed our remaining nights at New York New York. Friendly staff, CLEAN, modern, beautiful room and FREE WIFI!!!!
1	Our "deluxe" room was anything but. we got one room, and then asked for another as we were hoping we just got one bad room. Not so much. The new room had most of the problems of the old one. Paint was peeling from the ceiling in the main room and the bathroom. Chunks of the dresser and headboards had been removed violently. All the furniture in the room was damaged, some badly. The bath faucet was rotting away. Someone had taken one of the toilet paper rolls and replaced it with a Flamingo ballpoint pen which didn't allow for actually removing toilet paper and when we took it off, the pen promptly spewed ink all over the counter. The tile grout is missing in some places, black in others. The yellowed, opaque shower curtain means you're mostly showering the dark. The closet doors had two of the plastic wheel broken which meant it took the strength of Samson to move the doors. We just ended up leaving them open. Did I mention that chunk of wood almost the size of my head missing from the dresser? Holes in the main curtain let pretty, if not somewhat unappealing streams of light into our room. The carpets in the room were stained. The sheets had holes in them. There is a dearth of electrical sockets in the room. One ancient power strip, on the floor, under the desk, which wouldn't plugs for some reason. In the 21st century there is no excuse not have some decent availability to power in the room. When we moved the night stand to plug in a phone charger we discovered an electrical plug laying, not mounted, in a hole in the wall. No plate. The socket wasn't secured in a proper box, it's just there. I cannot imagine how that is compliant with local building codes or even standard safety practices. The noise from the new outdoor nightclubs wafts its way up to the 26th floor. Yes, if you're a techno fan this is heaven because you'll have a soundtrack to your life in your room for free. If you just want to sleep, not so much. Finally and most sadly, there is vandalism all over this property. The cut glass in the main elevator was smashed yesterday morning and had cardboard taped over it. All the elevator interiors, inside the hotel, have been vandalized and tagged. If you want a post apocalyptic vision of Vegas, just stay at the Flamingo.There are, or were some nice room at the Flamingo, just not most of them. "Updated" means they changed the flooring and left rotting furniture and fixtures in place. Parse what they claim carefully.As I write this review, it's 1 in the afternoon, my wife is sleeping and out in the hall, is a tremendously conversation between two of the housekeeping staff yes, bookending our do not disturb sign. Sigh..."Nobody comes to Vegas to stay in the room"That might be true but no one pays the higher rates you find in Vegas these days to stay in a dump either. These rooms used to be nice. Now they're not and it's not because the Flamingo has problems booking guests. There's no reason to pay top dollar for what used to be cheap mid-week stays only to get a room that would shame a Travelodge. Location is important. For my wife and I, we have a history in this property but we're both over it. This experience has been so disappointing that, if (and that's a big if) we come back to Vegas, we'll stay somewhere way off the strip, avoid "resort fees" and the rest of mediocrity.Money.There was a time in Vegas where rooms, meals and drinks were cheap. Gambling paid the bills. The problem is, in attempting to broaden their appeal Vegas casinos are now full service family friendly places where the casino now also makes money on meals and, well, everything. The .99 shrimp cocktail has been replaced the $5 cup of coffee. Nothing is cheap. Nothing is even really easy. We were surprised at how busy everything was. The middle-end of June used to the start of the dead season and this time around, everything was crowded. That's not a complaint. If you have social anxiety Vegas is not the place for you but we were surprised and given our observations on the Flamingo specifically, we were amazed that the place was full up.In the end, avoid the Flamingo. The resort fees are an insult to you as a customer. The rooms are out of date and desperately need updating and real cleaning. The entire property looks more like a cold war era, Eastern European prison with the vandalism and damage to the building and fixtures. Casinos used to glitter and even if that glitter was superficial, it was clean. It was bright and it worked. Now, the Flamingo looks more like a beat and battered K-Mart than a once proud landmark on the strip.
2	I have stayed and the Flamingo a few times, including for a week while on my honeymoon.  I used to think it was one of the best values in town, but they are slipping.On the plus side, the location is awesome.  Since it was the first hotel on the strip, everything was built around it.  Its central to everything and being close the the Bellagio and Caesars allows you to take advantage of their much nicer resorts without paying to stay their.  The history of the hotel is interesting as well if you can find a tour guide or employee to tell you about it.That's where it stops.  Harrahs casinos are no longer resort fee free.  They used to campaign against resort fees, but now they are worse that the competition.  M-Life still has a few casinos (Luxor and Excalibur) without wifi.  Flamingo has wifi, but charges you PER DEVICE.  The resort fee is supposed to cover the use of resort amenities like the pool, gym, and wifi.  But, its an additional charge ($13.99) if you connect to the wifi with an additional device.Flamingo also has a really bad selection of restaurants.  Margaritaville is pretty good, but after that there is nothing worth checking out.  Their show selection is laughable (Donnie and Marie... still) and their gaming areas are subpar.  If you are looking for a cheap pool party, Flamingo is a decent choice.  If you aren't a twenty-something looking to get drunk at the pool then you will not enjoy the Flamingo.Finally, if you are staying here, do yourself a favor and pay the extra $20 or so to upgrade to a GO Suite.  These are much newer, higher in the tower, have a decent tv and a fridge.  The standard rooms are beat up and dated.  Pass on the Flamingo.  Even with the low rates its not worth it.
1	Context, I've been visiting Las Vegas since 1980. I've stayed in various properties in town for dozens of night, probably over a hundred. I've seen Vegas change and evolve.Location, location, location.The Flamingo enjoys one of the best locations on the strip. It's easy distance to some of the best stuff here. That will never change unless they demo the place. Which, at this point, seems to be the plan of the owners.The parking at Flamingo has only gotten a little worse over years. The structure is now home Hertz rental car returns, some Hilton property and the Flamingo's own valet. Which means that  guests park in the remaining spots in the top four levels and some of that is taking up by these other competing interests. In other words, it's likely you'll be parking on the roof where your car will sit in the desert sun. Where the elevator only comes to the level below (which means hauling your luggage down a flight of nasty, metal stairs). Be prepared. It's not the end of the world but it's not what I would call "resort treatment".Speaking of the parking structure, the structure and especially the elevator is disgusting. There is graffiti on the walls and the elevators look like something you might expect to find a in prison, not a "Vegas Resort". And disgusting, I'm not just talking about the graffiti, the elevators are covered in stains from spilled drinks, vomit, you name it. You can't use the parking garage elevators without wanting to shower afterwards. In bleach.Resort Fees.Ah, Las Vegas has finally found a way to screw guests out of more money while showing a lower price per night. You are now commanded to pay a $20 resort fee which allows you to use the pool and, allegedly, gain some internet access (which is limited to one device and limited in time). It's heinous, dishonest and vile way to extract more money from guests and yes, every property does it. Yes, it is mandatory, just $20 or more to the price of every hotel you look at.At one time the Flamingo was one of the values on the strip. That said, any "renovation" or "updating" the Flamingo claims is taking place wasn't evident to us. The carpets in the hallways are 14 years old or more (we know, we were here when they were new). The same carpets are stained and in my places coming up from the floor or even openly torn making luggage hauling, or just walking, a little more exciting.We check in at 4pm on a Tuesday. We waited about half an hour, which didn't seem totally unreasonable but was, in no way, pleasant.A small child attempted some impromptu breakdancing and yelling on the floor next to us which was somewhat entertaining but who in the hell wants their small child rolling around on a casino floor which, by the way, managed to get the child's feet black as coal. This is important because moments later the father of the child, now at the front counter, picked the filthy kid up and put him, yes, on the counter, where his nasty feet ran back and forth. On. The. Counter. Yes, where your hands go when you sign in. Let that sink in.---If you read the "older review" you'll find the rest of our experience there---Same trip, just so much to write that it wouldn't fit into Yelp's format...
1	Definitely won't be returning to the Flamingo during the rest of my lifetime. First, the entrances were temporarily closed for construction. I spoke with three people and all three gave me differing directions to get to their hotel. I was already running out of gas, so I decided to put gas before running around and around and around. The valets and bell service personnel were very friendly, nice, accommodating, and as fast as they could be. However, the noise from down at one of their areas was so loud it kept me up and I was on the 16th floor. I feel sorry for those below me. The airconditioner was so loud I had stereo from the noise outside and the noise inside. On our way out, there was some drunk guy sitting right in front of our door. Later when we returned there was a row of empty glasses where he sat and a mess that someone tried to clean up. GROSS. Some lady's little dog was running up and down the hall, no collar, no supervision, because she was talking on her cell and sitting on the floor near the elevator. For the price we paid to stay there, I was expecting a 5 star hotel. I've had better service and a quieter room at Best Western. To get anything done over the phone, I had to speak with more than three or four people. The lines for checking in and out are too long for anyone's convenience. They do have express check in and you can check out via the tv options. Now to order a copy of your bill that's a whole other story. Our room claimed to be recently renovated, I would hate to see what it looked like before our stay. My recommendation, find another place to stay.
1	I am a LV local and I have stayed at the Flamingo several times and play blackjack there every few months or so.I will be brutally honest:  This place is a complete dump.  It is dirty, outdated, broken down, and disgusting.  The casino is overrun with hookers and pimps at night. The only thing going for this sawdust joint is its central location on the LV Strip.You have been warned... Enjoy your stay in LV!JH
3	Place was "meh." Place was very cheap and centrally located. That about where it ends. Worst TV ever. Only news and weird channels Ive never heard of on an old SD TV. We didn't have a warm enough blanket; just this little old one. The room had hardwood laminate floors (strange) and the bathroom and elevators are badly in need of some updating. The maid service was horrible. We really enjoyed the outdoor animals though.The pool was nice and had many different areas, but the drinks and daybeds are more expensive than the Luxor or New York New York, which is strange since those are both nicer hotels. All in all, its worth the price, but could use a few small tweaks to step it up.
1	Pros: Location, poolCons: Rude gaming staff, prime strip views obstructed by "Donnie & Marie" window banner, cockroach seen scurrying about in sportsbook, smell of gaming floor. My wife and I have been to Vegas several times over the last few years and were a bit reluctant to stay at the Flamingo but did so to stay at same hotel as friends. We paid for a Luxury Go room with strip view to make the best of the room options (The Fab rooms are notoriously underwhelming and oftentimes described as filthy). The view was amazing, full view of Caesar's, Rio, Palms and could see Bellagio/fountains slightly to the left. Unfortunately the view was heavily obscured by the oversized "Donnie and Marie" banner strung across that entire side of the building. So the entire view was seen as if viewing through a mesh t-shirt. Was the room discounted due to this eyesore? Of course not. Also, the outer panes of the floor to ceiling windows had 5-6 FEET of cracks on them, longest of which was a half circle about 2 feet in length. The pool and sportsbook were nearby the elevators which was convenient, and the hotel sits close to the strip, which is good because spending much time in the heavily cigarette stenched gaming area of the Flamingo is not ideal. We experienced an awful customer service interaction at a slot machine (with an attendent and a floor supervisor) which I won't go into here, but they quickly accuse their guests of wrongdoing, even with evidence to the contrary. You would think getting a refund on your money placed in a malfunctioning slot machine before even taking a pull would be a clear-cut situation. Apparently not at The Flamingo. Finally, me and 8 friends saw one of the notorious Flamingo cockroaches running around the sportsbook. I got a nice picture and will add it to Yelp if that is possible (edit: added pic to my photos). We will return to Vegas many times in the future, just not at The Flamingo. The experience was so poor we probably will abstain from spending any more $$ at any Caesar's property.
3	I highly suggest you get a "GO room" because they are newer in comparison. Thumbs up for being pet friendly as well! You can get discounted rates if you and your guest are Total Rewards members. That goes for any property listed under the Total Rewards card!Yes, Flamingo is an older hotel, but for it's location on the strip + cost = not terrible. I opt to gamble at the casinos nearby anyway. I've personally never had a bad experience with the front desk, security or customer service.
4	I recently came back to Flamingo for EDC weekend. I had vowed never to step foot back here after my last experience about 2 years ago, but my friend was the one in charge of booking the room so I had no say. I was prepare for an old, terrible room like I had last time but much to my surprise, we got the GO room and it was great!The GO room is one of the newer, renovated rooms at the Flamingo and it was very cute. The room has a mini fridge and a coffee maker, things that I consider important to have at a hotel! The bathroom is very spacious and clean with a mini tv! The room itself has plenty of lighting along with a big mirror for us girls to get ready with. The beds were comfy and the tv was pretty big. All in all, I really enjoyed my stay here the second time around and would come back again if I get to stay in the GO room!
4	Flamingo has the best location in Vegas.  I'm so glad they remodeled their room.  Although, you can tell they used very cheap furnitures, fake wood flooring and a closet that is about to fall over.  I think their upgrades are SO MUCH more improved than their old funky rooms.  We took advantage of their gym and spa.  It was the best $20 we spent.  While working out, a lady walks around carrying cold towel and bottle waters and asked if we would like any.  While I was inside the hot tub, the same lady came up and asked if I was doing okay and whether she can can me anything.  Their customer services were impressive.
1	I have experienced way better hotels in my travels around the world. I was very disappointed with pretty much all aspects of this hotel. We arrived very late on Thursday evening of last week about 24 hours before I was going to be married, and had to wait in quite the line to get checked in. The most annoying thing was not the line but the fact that they could not find any of the reservations we made, there were 4 rooms booked in total under our name.      Finally after much trouble my Fiance found the conformation number in an email on his phone. After showing it to the attendant at the desk she slowly entered our info and passed over our keys. What I do not understand is how our info was so messed up when we made our reservations through their website, all rooms were assigned by us to our guests and their info was typed by us. The attendant botched all the names and rearranged it so that a few of our guests last names had been switched with others. How stupid do you have to be to not listen and have us repeat everything three or more times. We also specifically booked non smoking rooms but were informed that they had none available. How is that possible?    After finally settling at the counter we made our way to the bank of elevators that she had directed us to in the lobby and up 23 floors. After a dizzying walk around we finally found a random security guard who informed us we had been directed to the wrong elevators. Seriously? How can you mess up directions to a place you work for?       When we arrived at our suite, we were delighted at the style and furnishings, and an impeccable view to boot. These attributes and the go pool are this hotels only saving graces. More on the pool later.       Everyone else seemed to be happy with their rooms too, except for one of our asthmatic friends who could not tolerate the smell of smoke that permeated from every inch of their room. I was also very upset that the four rooms we booked were on completely different sides and floors of the hotel. We were there to celebrate a wedding and wanted our friends to be close.      Anyhow, on our first morning at the hotel we were rudely walked in on by the cleaning staff despite the fact that we not only had the do not disturb sign provided by the hotel but one I made for all our guests and us for our wedding.       Our Second morning started the same way. We decided to go hang by the pool and let me just say this was one of the best pools I had been to in awhile. Also one of the reasons why we decided to stay there, it was voted one of the best pools in Vegas. The pool did open 15 minutes late and they started kicking everyone out 15 minutes before they closed. A half hour of swim time is a lot to miss out on, especially in the heat that is Vegas. After leaving the pool, EARLY, we went to our room and ordered room service. We ordered a cobb salad and a plain cheese quesadilla. It took and hour and forty five minutes to be delivered, they said they always get flooded with orders when the pool closes. If they know that little tidbit of info, don't you think you should put more staff on at that time. We could have gone out to eat and been back to the hotel before our food came.     At this point we were so disenchanted that we pretty much stayed away from the hotel until we were too exhausted to stand and needed to sleep and prep to go back out. We went to the Aria and it was awesome, decided next time that is the hotel to stay at. Even the employees were happy and helpful. The flamingo employees were angry, terse, and pretty much seemed liked they hated everything and everyone.      We asked for a late check out, considering we just got married we thought this would not be an issue, plus we offered to pay. They rudely informed us that we could not due to being fully booked. I was curious so while we went to breakfast I got on my phone and searched for available rooms. The interwebs said they had plenty of rooms left. So someone was lying, I wanted an hour max, not another day, I had just been married for F's sake!     Since we couldn't check out later we made the decision to leave our bags with the bellhop service while we went to eat some breakfast before the long drive back to LA. The bellhop was so cold and short. It was like he was doing us a favor instead of doing his job that he was getting paid to do. I understand everyone has bad days, but keep that shit to yourself, especially when you're at work.      When we went to pick up our luggage and load it in the car we were faced with a long line due to the disorganization that obviously runs rampant at this hotel. What is management doing while their employees are giving such terrible service to paying customers? If I wasn't on the high of being deliriously happy due to just being married this experience would have ruined my vacation completely. I will never give my hard earned money to this hotel EVER AGAIN!!!!       EPIC FAIL FLAMINGO!!!! EPIC FAIL!!!!!
5	My only complaint of Flamingo is the early pool closing and lack of family pool on weekdays.All the food was amazing I especially like breakfast at the TROPICAL BREEZE cafe..My french toast was so delicious.  Their pancakes, I heard, were especially off the hook and good!Loved the friendly staff, all the shops, the extra large rooms, the cleaning ladies were all super, super sweet, and the location was perfect!!!!!  Wish I had spent more time exploring the hotel and it's amenities but I PROMISE to return.  That's how great my stay at Flamingo was!!!
4	I love going here, and looking at the Flamingos!
1	Go somewhere else.  Cons:- Construction going on everywhere made it hard to get to and hard to get around.- Huge line to check in - everything took waaaay too long and was very disorganized- Tried to go to pool one day but they had closed part of it because they didn't have enough lifeguards, then started yelling at us- Harrahs is right next door and has comparable pricing, so I'd go there if looking for a good deal.Pros - Rooms were nice.  Pool wasn't bad.  Would be fine if they were more organized and focused more on helping their customers
1	I shouldn't give this hotel a full star!  Rude staff, when I complained to a manager, I received no apology and I felt belittled!  I filled out a complaint form and sent an email with my phone number, email address and rewards number and never heard back from anyone!  I don't want a free room or any comps because I would NEVER stay here again...free or not!  My rewards card is now cut up in a trash can, there are too many GREAT places that are new and treat you well to put up with their monatany!
1	dirty ... dingy... sh*tty parking basically a hotel 8 on the strip ... i thought imperial palace sucked but this one has taken over that title ...only pro : location on the strip , variety of new slot machinespay extra (or wait for a good deal) and try another hotel that's newer or cares about its guests !
1	For the life of me I cannot understand the 3 star rating given to the Flamingo Hotel.  It is poorly run and in sore need of updating. Our 'non-smoking' room reeked of cigarettes, and was dirty. To get to the room one must traverse the entire smoke filled casino and "shopping district" using poor signage for guidance, wait for slow elevators, navigate the rippling carpet in the hallways to reach a dirty room. Though they offer free parking we could not find a single available space. Our reservation included an undisclosed $20.16 surcharge each day for resort "amenities" - the network, the gym, and the pool regardless of the fact that we didn't want or use the amenities.  Our reservation also  included a $30 food allowance within the facility but we were not told that not all restaurants in the Casino were participants nor given a list of the ones that were. Our calls to the front desk were not helpful in understanding what we had actually purchased and were entitled to receive.  We tried, oh we tried.To top it off the neighboring site is being torn down and our room faced the sight.  Our windows were dirty, access to and from the hotel was compromised by the ongoing construction, and we suffered from the noise from the worksite.  The Flamingo is conveniently located on the strip but beyond that is nothing but a fleabag hotel.We reserved through Vegas.com which wasn't much help in resolving our issues.  Wouldn't book with either.
1	Regular rooms had been updated, but still need MUCH improvement!  Bathroom still old.  Family pool area much too small, water was too warm, no drink service at all!  Pool closes way too early, especially if  you are with kids, the pool is only place kids are welcome.  No outside food or drink allowed at pool, except for water,  coffee or tea, even if you buy it at Flamingo!  They need to take a clue from MGM, pool is amazing and service is great
1	We stayed in a "remodeled" room which apparently means some new paint/wallpaper and linoleum flooring.  It was probably a good thing the floor was linoleum we decided after seeing the disgusting carpets in the hall ways.  The carpets were so old and worn out that they were all wrinkled and buckling.  They were horribly stained and probably hadn't been vacuumed in years.  We had a "non-smoking" room that reeked of cigarettes in the bathroom.  We could hear everything said in the neighboring rooms (and they weren't being unusually loud).  The second night we needed to move to another room due to a leak in the bathroom coming from above.  I had to go to the front desk to get someone to do something after being on hold for 20 minutes.  The new room had a sink that didn't drain.  They offered no compensation for the hassle of needing to move at 1:30 in the morning.The beds were very hard and the linens pretty poor quality.We checked with other guests who experienced similar.  Over all the worst hotel stay we have ever had.
3	You get what you pay for, so I wasn't expecting anything extravagant. In the future, I'd definitely pay a little more for nicer rooms.Pros:- Location is great. You can walk to a bunch of other casinos, clubs, shopping, etc. Caesar's and The Forum Shops are just across the street.- The pool party is a lot of fun! It's the 21+ pool, good music, lots of people, drinks, etc. Lots of people in their 20's and early 30's.- Carlos 'n' Charlie's and Margaritaville are inside, and they're both good places to eat and drink. Carlos 'n' Charlie's was a lot of fun.- Free parking for guests.- Relatively inexpensive rooms.- Real flamingos are outside!Cons:- Parking is HORRIBLE. It took us about 40 minutes to find a space in the garage.- The walls are paper thin. I swear, the people in the room next to us never left their room and were always talking loudly. We could hear them anytime we stopped in our room, when we went to bed, and were woken up early by them.- The rooms are just okay - definitely felt a little dingy/dirty. The carpets in the halls definitely need a major cleaning or just replaced all together.- We booked a room with 2 queen beds, and somehow we ended up with a room with 1 king bed. They said they did not have any with 2 beds available at all. That was weird. We didn't mind sharing the bed, but what if we had come with 4 people supposed to share 2 beds? It was Fourth of July weekend, so I guess I understand. But I don't know. It was just annoying.
1	They claim remodeled rooms.  Must have done the 16th floor where we stayed a LONG time ago.  Old and worn out.  The carpet in the hallways is dirty and smells bad.  The pool is nice but closes at 6 PM. The buffet is average at best. Too many options in Vegas in the same price range. I will not be back.
1	What a dump!  So sad. I used to love the Flamingo.Our room was dirty beyond belief: lime scale all over the showerhead (the showerhead ring was hanging off of the wall), a dirty torn shower curtain, a filthy black hole full of dust and grime where the bathroom vent used to be, dust all over the lamps and in the corners of the room, AND our room wasn't cleaned ONCE during our stay despite requesting it from the front desk AND the cleaning staff.  Strange, because there were people cleaning rooms on our floor.  Just not ours, apparently.  Additionally, the closet door was broken and one of the outlets had been pushed through the drywall.  Some of the lamps and the clock had been unplugged so we had to do a little work to figure out which outlet was connected to the wall switch so that the clock would work properly.  The TV and a bunch of other things were plugged into a power strip that was shoved into a corner but still fully visible. Classy.NONE of the speed-dial buttons on our phone worked except for room service (Eventually we were told, "Yeah, they don't work. Just dial 0.")  which is funny because we didn't have a room service menu and had to ask the hotel (on the phone and in person) for one THREE TIMES (over the course of a full day) before they sent one up.The hallways outside our room were grimy: filthy stained carpets full of old gum, with bubbles and rolls where they'd gotten stretched out from so much use.The elevator doors don't always open (or close) properly. Scary.  Plus, when you push the button for your floor, the light doesn't light.  Oh wait, yes it does but only on the OTHER side of the car.  What?The once beautiful flamingo pool and grounds of yore have been mostly removed and replaced with additional buildings and parking.  Instead there is a horrid "day club" pool full of wasted 20-somethings listening to earsplitting crappy music.  The kiddie pool is a little better but its not really separated from the "Go" pool so after 10 am it sucks too.Lest you think I'm just being bitchy, we requested a room change on day two and were told that it could take up to six hours between checking out of one room and receiving another.  Um.  No.  We were very up-front with the management and received a small amount of compensation but the number of people I had to talk to get anything done was just insane and at the end of it, the compensation I was promised was not what was delivered.  Sigh.Clearly whoever owns this property is waiting for it to die so that they can put a giant fake-fancy "luxury" hotel in its place.It's really too bad. The Flamingo used to be great.PS:  The one really good thing about the property is the Center Cut Steak House and bar.  We had a really great meal in the restaurant with excellent service.  Brent at the bar is an actual real bartender (not a typical casino beer slinger) and makes truly delicious drinks while serving up great conversation.
3	And now for a dirty little secret - Flamingo's been our go-to hotel for our last three visits. I rarely admit this to friends because, without fail, it goes like this: "Vegas, sweet! Where are you staying?" [Meaning: Cosmopolitan, MGM, or Wynn?] "The.... uh.... Flamingo." [Please don't judge me.]"Oh. Have fun." [I judge you! Go to the Flamingo, you cheap, trashy man.]Defense: It's a decent hotel in the center of the Strip that allows me more walking cash for dining and playing. The hotel is not nearly as dreadful as portrayed *for the cost*, so I'd still recommend it over Bally's and other value options I've tried, for the location, the pool, and the totally fine rooms, many with awesome views. If not for one issue:RESORT FEES: All three stays were pre-Resort Fee. Caesars made a huge mistake in adding these because despite Flamingo's drawbacks, I could at least claim to spend $60-80 less in pointless fees per visit than at other Strip hotels. No more. They removed a huge loyalty driver, and now our next stay is at Encore; if I'm forced to pay resort fees, I'm going to do it at a real freaking resort. FAB ROOM: The cheapest, clean and modern. Oh also, one morning we woke up and there was no water - we couldn't shower or leave for hours. It really sucked, so I wrote a letter and they offered me a mini-suite, which I thought was a fair effort to make good. GO MINI-SUITE: Great, beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains; we were comp'd up to it but teeters on 'value' at normal pricing ($100+/night); GO ROOM: Solid, south strip view, probably the best option for price.POOL: Beautiful, tropical paradise, definitely a party scene. Security was standard gruff. Flamingo habitat is a Kodak stop. (Insta-what, sonny?)BUFFET: Comp'd, though I now believe this was a punishment. The buffet was terrible. CASINO: Never did that well but we usually played a bit on the way in and out. PARKING: People claim these horrendous parking ordeals - we never circled more than 10 minutes, and we were in and out a lot.CHECK-IN: Bypass the painful check-in line with a Total Rewards Gold card. Not platinum, not diamond, just plain' ol gold. If you don't have one, sign up on the spot, have a margarita, play a couple hands, and you'll still get through the Gold check-in faster than waiting in regular.
1	I hate having to write this review, but alas our visit at this hotel was gross to say the least.  The Flamingo is generally a go to for our Vegas vacations, we usually stay in the newly remodeled "Go Rooms" which are fantastic! Clean, cute and a great location. However, this visit we booked a "Fab Luxury" room. I didn't realize what a difference there was in the rooms! First of all it took over an hour to check in because it was overcrowded and under staffed. That's all fine and dandy, stuff happens right? Now, we finally got to our room, after an exhausting and hot drive to Vegas, only to be repulsed upon entry. The bead spread (which is furry for reasons I can't figure out), had some funky, brown, sticky goop on it that caused the fuzz to all clump together in some disgusting pink clustergunk.  Ok, gross so I pulled it off the bed and tossed it aside. We continue to settle in and realize that the lamp table and floor beneath are COVERED in sticky nasty mystery sludge, to the point that I can make out footprints in the gunk.  This is followed by the discovery of clumps of hair on the bathroom floor and a filthy tub. This was all enough for me to be seriously grossed out. We tried calling the front desk to no avail. So, I marched down to speak to someone in person.  The girl at the desk was very pleasant and informed me that normally they would move us to another room, but because it was booked solid she would have someone come up right away to clean. We waited, and waited, and then we waited. Nothing, the entire night. We went to eat, walk around and still no one had come. The next morning, we went out and about for the day and saw that someone was coming to clean our room, excellent! So we thought. We came back to the room after a few hours to find that everything was exactly the same, save for the made beds and a few new towels. So, again I go downstairs to speak with someone. I am told once again that someone will come clean right away. We go to our room, and wait. What do you know...someone came. A grumpy, disgruntled, irritated woman came and aggressively scrubbed the goop off of the floor and table and then handed me some towels and left.  Overall, I was extremely disappointed by The Flamingo. The food court was closed the whole time we were there, our room was absolutely filthy and the pool closes at 6pm (how lame). Next time around I think we may just spend a little more and stay somewhere with some standards. Massive fail Flamingo.
1	Are you kidding.  This place is going to have a major disaster.   The first night, our fire alarm went off in our room for over an hour.  We called security, who rudely asked if we had been smoking in the room- NO!  Had to wait in the hall as the alarm was so loud.  While no one from security or "engineering" came, the older gentleman who brought our luggage up (yes, took almost 1 1/2 hours to get bags after we arrived) finally took care of the matter, or at least the loud ringing noise.  He stood on a chair and started poking around and unplugging things to finally get it to stop.  We called security again, and the very rude gal answering the phone transferred us to the front desk- she didn't even want to deal with the situation.  However, the phone just keep ringing, ringing, ringing, and no one ever answered.  We finally had to go downstairs.  We spoke to the night manager.  He reported someone would come and address the situation- RIGHT-We heard that before.  We finally had to leave as we had two hungry small children who could not wait any longer.  When we came back, the manager was unsure if the situation had been handled, as the "system" had not been updated.  He said if there seemed to be any problems when we got upstairs, just to "call" him.   Well, it was not ringing, but how were we to know if it was fixed???  Thank god our room was next to the emergency exit in the event there was a real fire.  Manager agreed to comp the room for the night (at my request).     This place is a hot mess  Felt VERY unsafe, staff did not give a damn, and did I mention the whole dang place was dirty.  Room service trays were sitting outside of rooms for days.  The maid refused to make the bed as I left a small bag on the bed.  We also attempted to call the front desk/guest services a few other times and again just ringing and ringing- no answer.  The (family) pool was nasty.  Trash was everywhere on the ground, lifeguards were chatting it up with each other, or starring off into the distance instead of monitoring the pools, and the chairs were so dirty.  Several looked they were stained with blood.  We ended up leaving as we felt it was too unsanitary for our children.  Will never frequent this place again.  It was disgusting.
2	There are some pro's to this hotel.  The pool is great, the casino seems friendly.  However, the cons for booking a room far outweigh the pro's at this time.Right now Bill's Hotel/Casino located next door is undergoing major construction, which is shutting off one of the major parking entrances to the Flamingo making it very, very hard to park.   If you are driving to the hotel, the limited parking is a major red flag.  The entire front of the building feels like walking through a construction site.  Not pretty, not glamorous, not a great vacation destination.  The construction was also a surprise to me; it wasn't mentioned on the website.Checking in is long and tedious.  Expect about a half hour waiting time unless you are a special member.Some of the rooms are remodeled, some are not.  I was originally assigned an unremodeled room.  The decor was from probably the early 80's, which would be depressing but acceptable if the room hadn't been so dirty and in need of repair.  The carpeting was stained, the wallpaper was peeling, the ceiling had plaster falling off from a previous leak.  I complained to management and was assigned a new "GO" room.  On the plus side, the room was beautifully designed.  If you plan on staying there, I would definitlely suggest springing extra money for a GO room.   However, even this newly designed room had problems.  My floor-to-ceiling window was cracked - it seriously appeared as if the glass was ready to fall out (apparently double-paned as the glass on the inside was okay so at least I wasn't in danger of falling through or cutting myself).   The Denon stereo system, which looked fantastic, didn't work.  Since the room was a free upgrade from the unacceptably dirty first room, I didn't ask to be moved again.The employees were polite, though they seemed understaffed.   It seemed some of the elevators were not working as wait times were unusually long.There are so many hotels to choose from in Las Vegas.  I have no plans on going back to the Flamingo until all the rooms are refurbished and the next door hotel is finished being constructed.
1	My boyfriend and I stayed in a Fab room for 3 nights.  We had stayed in a Go room in July 2012 and thoroughly enjoyed our stay, so we decided to stay at the Flamingo for our 2013 trip.  Our room was on the 18th floor and there was a large yellow trash can right outside of the elevators catching "water" from a leak in the ceiling.  The furniture in the Fab room was terrible.  I did not unpack my clothes as I didn't want to put them in the ratty old dresser with the wood that was chipping.  The bathroom is totally outdated.  There was no plug in our shower and the water pressure was so strong it was painful.  I also had the mirror that hangs on the wall fall ON me while I was standing in front of the closet.  The food court at the Flamingo was one of our favorite perks as it was perfect for late night eats.  Well, the food court is CLOSED due to plumbing and it didn't look like it would open any time soon.  Also, since Bill's next door is being totally remodeled, there is construction, dirt, and homeless right outside the Flamingo doors.  We will never stay at this hotel again.  It's hard to believe that it's totally gone downhill in the span of 1 year.  You are better off staying across the street at the newly remodeled Bally's
3	I think this was great. The price was okay and the location is perfect.They re-did their rooms and are still undergoing renovations. The rooms are re done but you can tell the place is aged- oh well.The staff was all friendly. The parking was easy, and the pool was fun.I gave it an A-OK because its a good place /location and I've seen nicer, and worse places. There also was no mini fridge?!
4	It's at a great location on the strip and we stay here every year! I would recommend booking a Go Room, it's worth it for the updates and the refrigerator in the room. Check in was a breeze (get a rewards card first for faster check in, or platinum/diamond has their own check in). As a tip I'd say if the line for check in looks long or you get there before your check in time check your bags and go play in Vegas until the line goes down! As for gaming, it's decent and I like that its connected to Margaritaville. Faster drink service there. The pool and the location on the strip are the main reasons we return. The pool can get packed but we've always found a spot to lay our stuff and head into the water. The waterfall/grotto area is nice and offers some shade. Drinks/food is average price and quality.
1	This was a huge mistake. I booked a Go Deluxe room back in March for July 18 - 21. When I checked in they only had two Go rooms available: handicap & pet stay. Big mistake taking the pet stay go room, the lady said it was clean. First off there were shards of glass outside my doorway from someone breaking a glass, so I had to step over the doorway. There were obvious BIG stains on the carpet and on the couch. The phone was filthy, looked like it had not been cleaned in months, gross!! There were black marks on the ceiling, a silver panel was peeling off the wall, there was dust everywhere and the bathroom. The shower door would not close, no ventilation, mirror was dirty and whole bathroom was dusty. Room Service was closed which sucked, since I was here for a conference and very tired at the end of the day.The wonderful Bose radio stereo system, the bass and sound was awesome, too bad it was coming from other rooms around me at all hours of the night as I'm trying to sleep, guest services was no help in getting people to turn their music down. Here's a thought Flamingo, sound proof walls, the only stereo I should here is the one in my room!! Don't bother yourself trying to unwind by the pool after because its closed. The pool is a day party only with no hotel guest only hours.I booked this room with Vegas.com and the descriptions and reviews on there are total bullshit about the Flamingo. Don't stay here, it's unclean, service sucks and they really don't care.
2	Lame and not worth the effort for a few good points.I really wanted to like the Flamingo this time.  We've stayed twice before.  First time was great, second meh, but I thought perhaps I'd judged them too harshly.  Nope, they've gone even further downhill.The Flamingo is where there is always a hidden joke - and the joke is on you!First joke is the check-in.  Who started this racket with the 4PM check-in?  Our previous stays it has been much earlier.  After an hour and fifteen minute wait to check in "early" (at 2PM) we find that they want $28 to check in "early" or, for $30, we can have a room upgrade!  So basically it's a forced room upgrade if you want a decent check-in time.  There were only two people staffing check-in, a decision made by management to short staff the area to save money.Next, valet parking.  We stayed two nights and were told, on a MONDAY NIGHT, that the Valet parking was full.  How exactly can valet parking be full on an off night?  Again, I feel this is management's decision, not staff - I am sure they'd much rather be parking people and earning tips.Finally, the pool.  The worst joke of all.  We wound up at the Flamingo the first time on a whim seven years ago and loved the pool.  So did my kid, three at the time.  The water slide, in three parts, goes from a big slide up top to two smaller ones below, finally into the big pool which has a waterfall.  Great fun.  We had to show security at the door both previous trips because the pool was correctly deemed to be a big draw.  This time?  The water slide is cut off at the start of the third slide, making a "kiddie" pool above and and "adult" pool below.  The "kiddie" section was lame, lame, lame, and a big disappointment to my child.  No one bothered to ask for our room key because, well, who would want to bother crashing it?  We have a better setup in our small City pool at home.My wife went over to the "adult" pool and noticed two spots where people had vomited.  During her short stay there, another person hurled right onto the concrete.  Is this Bugsy Siegel's vision?  Is this the vision of elegance the Flamingo once represented?I get that there can be parties or events, but kids not allowed in the main pool at all?  Not even on weekdays?  Instead it has to be reserved for a drunkatorium where people regularly retch?  If the financial geniuses making these decisions are trying to turn a short-term profit, they are surely damaging the long-term brand name of the Flamingo.  That is no way to increase shareholder value, the requirement of every public company.And then there was the air conditioning.  It was hot and humid during our stay and the air conditioning was clearly overloaded.  It took hours to cool our room, and in the elevator hallway, a steady drip of water came from the ceiling, at my guess due to overloaded condensers.  In our room, the internet was not on.  And we couldn't complain, because the phone wasn't on either!  My wife went down and complained, and after another few minutes we got internet but not phone.  After another trip they sent someone to check the phone - but it wasn't the phone, it was just that the front desk people didn't know how to work the system.  Is that their fault?  I say no, it is management making the decision to short staff the front desk and short train the workers, all in the name of saving a buck.It wasn't all bad.  The view of the strip we got was nice.   The buffet, decent value for the fairly high price.   But all in all the management of this hotel sends the message that they don't need your business.  Take them at their word and stay somewhere else.
3	Was here for a couple of nights and had a regular room. It had a decent view and was nice and clean. The rates I scored were so good it was silly.It was a perfect location for our nighttime wandering of the strip.Its not a fancy hotel by any means but it was great for what we needed.
3	Was expecting the worst but had a good stay at Flamingo.  It's nothing fancy and there's a huge lack of dining options in the hotel itself (a big negative for the foodie yelper in all of us).  The room was clean (enough).  Prices were reasonable for the prime location on the strip.  The hotel rooms around us were surprisingly quiet enough to sleep.  That could be because we were the last ones getting in though...I would spend a bit more on a nicer hotel next time around since the only thing this hotel had going for it was the pool and I didn't come to Vegas for a pool.  They had a decent poker room which was a bonus for me.
3	I was happy with the hotel for the price we paid. I wouldn't spend over $50-$75 to stay here but for $40 it was a great deal. The rooms were "upgraded" but as others have said they were only partially upgraded. Our view was horrible (looked out at the construction being done to change Bill's). Check-in was a nightmare and took a long time. Location was great and adds a star for sure.
1	This place is awful!The entrance is hard to find due to construction.We arrived only to find the valet full...ok no problem. My husband decided to wait it out so he pulled in a waiting area with a few other cars while I ran in to check in. The reason we were in Vegas was for a dance competition for my 6 year old...so we had her and our 12 month old baby in tow. I decided to bring my kids with me inside with me to check in. Since check ins are usually fairly simple I thought we would be in and out. WRONG!I cheerfully stepped in line only to have that cheer stripped away after the line hadn't budged for over 40 minutes. Steadily it got longer and longer while we waited and waited. I had someone hold my place in line to go try the "express" check in...but wouldn't you know it...my reservation was not found. So back in line I went. They had about 2 workers working the counter and one worker servicing their "rewards members line". So while there were about 150 of us waiting in line...the rewards counter never called any one of us. After an hour and a half I started to contemplate leaving. But then I saw a glimmer of light at the end if the tunnel. Another worker appeared. Hallelujah. This person then proceeds to go to the rewards section where there were a hefty 2 people waiting! What a joke! People were getting out of line to go sign up for the rewards program just to get out of that nightmare of a line.We finally got to the front of the line 2 hours later...my 6 year old barely hanging on to sanity and her bladder by then. When we arrived at our room we called right away to get our bags sent up. 1 hour goes by...nothing. I call to find out what's the hold up. They tell me don't worry we're on the way. I leave to go get dinner for my family...come back to the room and still no bags! I asked my husband did they call or anything and he said no. Wow...really. 2 hours to check in then 2 hours to get our bags! By this time I needed my kids pajamas and my baby's diapers etc. So I decide to go down to the bell desk and find out what's going on. I am told that they had an "emergency" and that my bags would be up soon. I ask is it normal for check in and bag delivery to take this long and I was told by a manger "the bell desk has nothing to do with check in so whatever you experienced over there is their problem". WOW. After we finally get our bags...get our babies settled...we whip out our laptops. Time to surf the web...plan our itinerary...etc. No internet. WTF! They have the ever loving nerve to charge $13.99 a day for internet. This day in age internet is like air and water...it should be free. If I can wander into a random Starbucks and get free internet why the hell can I not get free internet in a room that I'm paying for???? What the bloody...sigh. Good thing I had an air car but still. That meant that only one of us could surf the web at a time. And to be honest...I think they were scrambling wifi signals in order to force people to buy the internet. Our smart phones were barely working...and my air card mysteriously kept dropping. Extortionists. The website touted "completely remodeled rooms". Oooh exciting right? WRONG. The room was far from remodeled. It may have been resurfaced...but by far no remodeling had been done. Just because you slap up a fresh coat of paint and buy a few new bedspreads does not mean you've remodeled anything. All the fixtures in our bathroom were covered in rust. The toilet paper holder was hanging out of the wall by one screw. The toilet barely flushed and the shower was more like a fire hose. I swore every time I took a shower a layer of skin was ripped off by the uncontrollable water pressure. Paint chips everywhere...around the vanity...on the back of the bathroom door. The shower curtain was dirty...it was all around shameful!The buffet = gross and overpriced. Every last piece of food was freezing cold and I need to introduce their chef to a brand new invention that everyone is using...its really cutting edge...it's called SALT. I have never in my life eaten such bland mush. This was the first buffet I have ever gone too where I not only didn't want seconds...I wish I could have taken my plate back over and put every last bit of slop back on the buffet. The pool was at least nice too bad it closes at 6pm. I have even more to add but there is a character limit! maybe I'll do a part 2
1	Worst hotel service! The rooms aren't great for the price!!!!!
1	HORRIBLE! Where should I begin. New renovated rooms? Yeah right! Bright pink modern blankets, rug and pillows. The furniture is old and disgusting and looked like my grandma's. We paid an extra $25 to check in early to find dirty dishes on the nightstand then when we picked up the phone to call the front desk we encountered a lovely pubic hair!!!!! They moved us into another room and refunded our $25 early check-in fee as we were on hold for 30 minutes and the whole point to check in early was to relax! As we walked down the hallway on the 26th floor to our new room, we were overcome with the potent and disgusting smell of cat pee and were greeting with stained carpet that looked as if it was 50 years old. We didn't want to complain yet AGAIN so we went to eat at Carlos & Charlies' and ordered margaritas that had NO alcohol in them. Ordered nachos to share that looked like it had been dumped from a can and tasted like it too. When we asked if there was alcohol, the waitress says "yeah, I think so" ...and walked away. WOW. No tip for you! Then back to the room where we discovered there was a whole gang of children screaming at the top of their lungs and jumping on beds in the room we shared an adjoining door with. Enough was enough. We called down yet again and they claimed there was no rooms to move us as the WHOLE hotel was completely booked. (after waiting on hold for another 25 minutes) This was the manager at the front desk. We hung up and called the reservation line to hear we could gladly book a room as THEY WERE NOT FULL! We went down in person to talk to the same man we had spoke with and he lied right to our faces, was RUDE as hell and called us the liar. So much for relaxing! After an argument we demanded our money back and the finally agreed. I wanted to tell everyone in line NOT to check-in. Horrible experience. Smelly. Rude. Old. NOT remodeled at all! Service was horrible and no one even offered a free drink! What happened to the real Vegas mentality of service and keeping the guest or customer happy while we spent our money in their slot machines?? Sad. We went to The Palms, paid about $20 more and had a wonderful stay! Flamingo Las Vegas, you SUCK and give Vegas a bad name.
1	Just don't do it! I stayed at the Flamingo 2 times for cheap(no resort fees) last summer and I wasn't expecting much and it was really fun. My friends and I decided to stay here again for price, location and past experience..oh what a mistake! First of all the remodeled rooms have really taken a nose dive in 1 years time..the hallways were dirty and stained and our stay was NOT cheap...they charged us for having 2 extra people and a ridiculous resort fee! Room service stops @ 2 am.& coffee shop waitress full on ignored me and my friend..we were starving! .The elevators were breaking down & took 20 minutes to go up & down..unsafe and took too long! I'm saving the best for last...my girlfriends (4 of us) called housekeeping for towels & were chatting and relaxing in bed when all the sudden a man walked in our room (no knock) with towels. We screamed and yelled at him "we're naked!!!" He put the towels in the bathroom and then proceeded to stand in front of our bed and stared at us! at this point I I hid under the covers. We said "bye" and he stared at us and then he asked us "where are you from?" We were so scared we said "bye" and finally he left! It was so scary and uncomfortable. Then we called the front desk and explained to them what had happened and they put us on hold waiting to speak to a housekeeping manager for an hour!!! It was truly so upsetting! Then they said the manager would call us (never did)!! We spoke to a manager about out horrible experience and she could have cared less!!! We spent the rest of the trip with the door padlocked..no housekeeping service..and we knew if anything scary happened we were on our own and would call 911. This was a disappointing experience at such a famous Las Vegas hotel. I would rather stay off the strip then at this dumpy overcrowded and unsafe hotel. Sad because I used to like it..no one keeps this place up and most of the staff does not care at all about customer care.
1	This hotel represents what Las Vegas was decades ago.  The second you walk in you are met by a musty stench.  The place reeks of an old and run down casino.  You could tell where they tried to update, but it's merely a cover up.  They liven it up by attracting kids to their pool which is just average and has a DJ.  However before the DJ arrives the staff plays the music but unfortunately can screw it up causing the music to skip, pause, suddenly change songs in between and/or suddenly change volume levels.  The cafe and buffet are insanely aged.  The food  represents that of which is served in hospitals.  I am not sure why of all the Ceasars properties they have not invest in a remodel.  This property is getting left behind and really no longer belongs on the Strip.  This is more of a Old Las Vegas kind of property. Not recommended!
1	I just wrapped up my second stay at the Flamingo. First time was good. Nice room that is clean, spacious and considered the "standard" room. I couldn't have been happier with my choice. Upon my arrival for the SECOND visit. Things started off quite poorly to say the least.       Got in at 2 pm and tried to check in early but was told check in was at 4pm. Not a problem, I was expecting that anyway. Go to the pool while we wait because it is hot as hell! Change into my bathing suit hop in the pool and immediately land straight on an aluminum beer cap, which slices my foot. I immediately grab my foot because I can tell it cut pretty good. I call for a lifeguard while I am in the pool (still putting pressure on it to avoid bleeding in the pool). I tell her I cut my foot and she, in such a belittling way says "Ohhhh, you cut your foot?" ( with an awww poor baby look on her face). I then say yes, lift my foot out of the water and take the pressure off. It immediately starts gushing blood and then she starts to gag. She then proceeds to bark at me to not let any blood get in the water. Uhhhh, kind of hard considering I need to get out of the pool with one foot and a hand to keep pressure on and you are just standing there staring. She then leaves to get someone else. That person arrives, looks at my foot and then says the same thing "Uhh hold on, let me get someone else." This repeats three more times, I kid you not!        I finally get fed up and just say to one the lifeguards "Look, if you don't know what to do that's fine, but please just find someone who is qualified to tell me if I need stitches." That so called person arrives and asks if I would like an ambulance, I say no and he just walks away. The BS continues and I go to the front desk to complain to a manager. I tell him that beer caps shouldn't be allowed near the pool and tell him how upset I am that I just arrived and now have a really bad cut conveniently places on the bottom of my foot for my trip to Vegas. He couldn't look any more bored and just says okay well there is nothing I can do but we have upgraded your room. What an upgrade. This room was half the size of the room I had the last time I was there, smelled like cat piss outside of the room and WREAKED of weed when we got inside.          Case and point, Flamingo could care LESS about customer service. Won't stay there again and will never recommend it to anyone.
3	you get what you pay for and this place is CHEAP CHEAP. ok so this is 5 stars based on price.... first off their new marketing is AWESOME - i love the black and pink, i love the kitsch factor, i love the room decoration, i loved that they had soy milk available at the coffee place and the pizza place, and the location is fine. the rooms were clean, the pool area was clean, and all the restaurants looked clean.  that's all very important! i would give this place 5 stars for value!2 stars for concierge and customer service 3 stars for vegan options 4 stars for casino table and slot optionsi did have a super annoying run in with the concierge - they were insufferable.  i was trying to mail my rent the runway dresses back and i got such lip service trying to find someone to help me.  talk about attitude.  Vegan wise - the restaurants all have things you can work on to veganize but its annoying and you really have to invent your own menu item - the pros being that the kitchen staff was *super* accommodating and had no problems piecing things together for me.  also there was soy milk available for coffee which is a *huge* pro when you're hungover and looking for an AM coffee.
2	In the past I have only written reviews to compliment businesses that have done a great job, never to criticize, but I really felt obligated to warn others after our experience. There are much, much better deals in Vegas.  The rooms were dirty and smelled awful the minute we got there; there was actually moldy food left in the drawer of one of  the nightstands.  They  then "forgot" to clean our rooms 2 of the 4 nights we were there.  We were somehow checked in under the wrong name and told we had to stand in line (an hour) to correct it; we were then overcharged for internet and told we had to stand in line again to correct it.  When we called and asked for towels (because they hadn't made up our rooms) it took almost two hours to get them.  The walls were so thin I could hear everything in the next room, including the 24 hour construction going on.  I could go on, but I see many of the other reviews already covered many of the disappointments we also experienced.  We chose the Flamingo for the location and the price, but we were completely disappointed and absolutely didn't get our money's worth.  We will choose another hotel for our next Vegas trip, but its very sad, the Flamingo has the potential and the history to be an icon in Vegas.  They clearly don't care to be though.
1	I will never stay at the Flamingo or, for that matter, any Harrah's hotel again.  I stayed at the Flamingo for 2 nights recently for a business conference.  Immediately after I arrived into my room I had to use the bathroom.  Upon flushing, my toilet began flooding raw sewage (leaking from between the toilet and the floor) onto the bathroom floor .  I immediately called and reported what was happening, assuming that they would get me a new room.  They would not give me a new room saying a maintenance person had to come first.  It took them over 22 hours to come and fix the issue after I reminded them 3 times.  The leak came down to the wax gasket holding the toilet on the sewage pipe and the gasket had to be replaced.  22 hours of me having raw sewage leaking onto the bathroom floor!  Unacceptable, and a health hazard at that.  I'm glad I did not bring my toddler and baby with me on this trip.  Never again will I stay at a hotel that let's you wait almost a day to repair a serious health hazard issue.  In addition, I had wall hangers sticking out of my walls, but nothing hanging on them.  The bathroom cabinet was cracked and dry-rotted.   The air conditioner was dripping onto the floor creating a puddle.  The bathtub faucet was dripping constantly and loudly.  What a nightmare.  They really should demolish the Flamingo and start anew.
2	Had to make an account just to review this nonsense. Express check in and check out took an easy 40 minutes to get 6 people through. Playing like you don't know there is a mold problem when you have places gated off and hazmat out front. Flooded room and you want to argue about giving me a new one. After asking for a manager we finally got it fixed and comped. The room was beautiful and the pool was awesome, but the really bad first impression left me wondering why I didn't stay somewhere else.
1	The Flamingo has been the hotel to go for the past 10 years at least whenever my team goes to Vegas for conference but no more after this experience.Previously their low end rooms were ok but since they started to renovate their rooms they have ignored their non-renovated rooms to force customers to upgrade but instead this just pushes their long term customers away. The room I had which is suppose to be non-smoking has cigarette smell every time I go into the room. The first day there was no hot water and even after the engineer came, the hot water only comes if you run it for 5 minutes and only if set all the way to the hottest and then you have to tweak it back to warm afterwards or else start all over. I mean I didn't come here to live in a motel. Also it's not exactly cheap either.  Sink has similar issues. When I called to guest services to complain they sounded like why the hell am I bothering them in the first place. Very poor attitude every time I called them about anything even extending my stay. My team member says his floor smelled like piss everyday. Yes the non-renovated floors look very poor. Elevators are banged up. Their food court is closed and seems like the food court restaurants moved to Bally's.My room sometimes doesn't even get made and if there's no tips for that day, they make sure you know they are not happy. Like I have small change every single day since we stay there normally for 9+ days each stay.It use to a good hotel but now it may look like a hotel but it feels and acts like a motel.Not to mention they closed off 1/3 of the parking lot and made it valet only. It was hard enough to find parking lots previously but now it's almost impossible unless you pay for valet. 80%+ of the valet parking area is empty. What a waste. So if you're driving then this hotel is not for you.
2	So we have stayed at the Flamingo the past 3 years, the last week of July. This year will be the last. I should have listened to all the other recent reviews. We got the GO room floor 20, it stunk so bad like mold or who knows what, and a bucket sitting in front of the elevator for leaking water from ceiling. We called down to the desk and told them and they moved our room one floor up , with no smell. They charged us 80$ resort fee (they never did that in the past) for wifi etc. Had NO wifi connection the whole time I was there , and needed to check into my flight. Spent another hour at the desk complaining about this. Then the next day we had no air conditioning in our room. Yet more time at the desk trying to resolve another issue. The last thing I want to be doing on my vacation is complaining at the service desk. Oh and don't forget the food court was closed due to the plumbing issues and constructions going on in the casino stunk like sewage from an incident a few weeks ago. They did resolve our issues in a timely manner however , refunded our resort fees, free breakfast etc. Next time Ill be staying at the Hard Rock for the same price.What I love about the Flamingo ... The pool is always a BLAST !!!GO rooms are really nice for the price and you cant beat the Flamingos central strip location!They just really need to work on the rest of the property.
1	Will never stay at Flamingo again. We stayed in a luxury Go room that was supposed to be recently renovated. We are still trying to figure out what had been renovated.... The furniture was old and broken and most of the lights didn't work.  The bathroom was really old and tiny! I think the little closet was bigger than the bathroom. The hallway carpet was disgusting and very stained. The only plus was the location - central to everything, but not worth it. Not a value at all
3	The rooms were all redone and they were really comfortable beds.  The downside is they half assed their renovations.  New floors, beds, TV, counter tops but you keep the 1970 vanity in the bathroom.  Just very random.  The lady that checked my friends and me in that was from Louisiana was RUDE!  All of the check-in staff was short with all of our rooms upon check in.  You're in customer service so make sure not to be short tempered.  I understand you have a lot of people that come in but you signed up for this.  Fake it til you make it.  Or do what everyone else does, go to the break room and let off some steam and bitch there.You can't beat the rates and that's why our party stayed there.  I would 100% recommend the Flamingo if they had a nicer check-in staff.  Customer service sells a lot of people on hotels.
3	Walked over to the Flamingo from Paris to hang out with friends who were staying there....not exactly a great hotel.  This place is 2 steps above the hotels in downtown LV but 3 steps below the hotels along the strip.  If you love the smell of stale smoke in the non smoking rooms, this place would be up your alley.
3	So most of the reviews we read showed how the Flamingo was a bad hotel. I beg to differ. We got a great rate for room and flight through Vegas.com $236 for a flight and hotel for 2 nights, 3 days. We weren't expecting much for the room, because who stays in there room in Vegas anyways?POOL: Why we chose the Flamingo, THE POOL! The GO pool is totally worth the stay. There is one major big pool with a waterfall and there is a small pool towards the entrance. The upstairs area pool is for kids and families. There are palm trees in the water and there is a small lagoon area. Dancers come out at around 11 - 12:00 PM noon to dance while trendy tunes are blasting around. They have happy hour specials from 8 to 12 PM. $20 bucket of beer (5) and $5 bloody marys and Coors Light cans. There is a grotto, several drink stands and servers that walk around to take orders of food and drinks. We ordered a chicken quesadilla and chicken tenders and were super happy with the taste and portions. Can't complain here. You are not supposed to bring in food or drink. They will allow coffee and water. Yes, things are a bit expensive in regards to drinking at the pool. Their collective flamingo cup with slushy alcoholic beverage runs about $22. Get there at 8:00 AM when the pool opens, so you can get a good seat, otherwise you won't find one and you will have to lay your towel out by the pool and sit. Cabanas get booked fast. Daybeds are $249. Not sure how much lounge chairs are. Think you can book ahead on the cabanas, possibly online. NEED YOUR ID and ROOM KEY TO get into the pool, so plan ahead! Towels as you walk in. ROOM: We arrived around 11:00 PM. We asked for an early check in. It would have been $30, which isn't a big deal. But the lady asked us if we wanted an upgrade for $20 and she would wave the early check in rate. SOLD. Our room overlooked Caesar's Palace. The beds had white sheets and covers with a pinkish furry thing at the end of our bed. There were two Flamingo property photographs that were trendy on the walls. The couch was grey with pink trimming and our view was great. We were pleased with what we had. Yes, the bathroom looks a bit dated, but everything was functional and clean. Again, you shouldn't be in your room, so we were happy with the location on the strip and our view. The Flamingo is a great location on the strip. You can easily get to Caesar's and its about a 10-15 min walk to Bellagio and the Paris. About a 20 min walk to Cosmopolitan and Aria. Taxi cab rides to Cosmpolitan or Aria were about $10. Split the costs with your friends and you are saving a lot more money. Amenities like coffee, shampoo/conditioner in one, soap. TV was fine and the AC worked very well. TIP: If you have a total rewards card, you go into check in a lot quicker. We bypassed 100 guests by going into the Total Rewards line for check in. CHA CHING! If you don't have one, go over to the Total Rewards desk, get your Total rewards card and then go check in. You'll save time. Also, your Total Rewards card will get you discounts here and there on Harrah's properties (Harrahs, Flamingo, the Quad, Caesar's, Ballys etc) Paradise Buffet: We were planning on going off the strip for lunch, but we were at the Flamingo and saw a buffet. We paid $30 but added on a $9.99 all you can drink beer, wine, bloody marys, mimosas deal. The buffet was typical with prime rib, shrimp, chicken, pasta, salad, mac and cheese and lots of desserts. I drank my $9.99 mimosas and beers and had a great buzz going on! So, if you sit there for awhile and drink, you'll get your moneys worth, especially since all the casinos charge so much for drinks. Of course you could sit at a machine or gamble and stock up, but that could get expensive. So remember that many of the Harrah's properties have the $9.99 all you can drink option for their buffets, expect for Caesar's Bacchanal buffet.Casino Payoffs: Pretty good. I had luck here. Played Star Wars, played Sex and the City and the Hangover and won money, so I'm a happy camper.There are Flamingos as the pool, real live ones. Saw a lot of people eating at a pizza bar located by the Paradise buffet. Looked and smelled delicious. A reasonable price to stay at a central location. They have renovated areas and rooms, so give it a try. Again, dont compare it to Bellagio, Encore, Wynn or the new places. If you want to save some money, stay here.
3	We got what we expected. We stayed Wednesday night thru Saturday for on average $100/room if you include the daily resort fees. Definitely one of the more affordable hotels including that Friday night. Most places were asking $225+ just for that night before the additional resort fees.The location is perfect, right in the middle of the strip. Unfortunately, because we were right in the middle of the strip, we were equal distances from two different Walgreen's that were about a 20 minute walk each way north and south. Our option for soda was a $3 cup at the pizza place in the lobby or a $6 two-liter at their convenience store. I know what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas, but how did no one tell anyone else about these awful prices?!The rooms were okay. Some of our outlets had exposed wires, the bathroom door lock button was missing it's cover, but nothing too end of the world. We had a pretty poor view for the cheapest room but another couple stayed with us and their view was much more pleasing to the eye. Luck of the draw, I guess.We signed up for the buffets for one day. This was probably the best part. We had breakfast at the Flamingo itself overlooking their zoo area filled with live flamingos, other birds, and some huge fish in the waters. That was a picturesque way to start the day.Nothing particularly bad about this hotel. No legendary tales either. Since this was our first time in Vegas, we spent most of the time walking around the city. Next time, we'll likely pay the extra $30-$40/night and stay at the Paris. We walked through there and it was much cooler (literally, must have been 72 degrees compared to 78 at the Flamingo), felt like it had a larger casino, and their 'Streets of Paris' themed mall was incredible to walk through.
3	Always wanted to stay at the Flamingo because of its' central location on the strip, and I finally had the opportunity to on a recent trip. Here are my thoughts:Pros:- Location is excellent! They're currently building the new Linq restaurant/entertainment district right next door so it'll be even better once that opens.- Casino is remodeled and clean, they are also remodeling their food court as well.- Pools are AWESOME. The Go Pool plays great music, lots of people having a good time, multiple bars around the pool, and amazing waterfall. The family pool has a water slide! I'm a big kid at heart so of course I went on that bad boy a few times.- Our room was one of the remodeled ones, so it was clean and fresh. We had the type of room with the laminate floors, which I actually prefer because carpet grosses me out.- Wildlife habitat was pretty cool! I love flamingos and they also had toucan parrots that you could take photos with.Cons:- While most of the hotel is remodeled, they really need to update their hallways. When walking to our room, the carpets were all nasty and pulled up in some areas. Looked like gross stains on the sides and it just felt like walking through a totally different hotel.- Service was kind of crappy. When we checked in, we had to wait in a super long line. Then when we get to the front desk, we were told we could only get a room with double beds. When we go up to the room, it's still being cleaned by housekeeping, so we had to go back downstairs (with all of our stuff!) and grab a drink to kill time. Annoying!Overall, I don't think I will be staying here again until they update the whole hotel, but I'm still glad I experienced it!
2	Inadequate parking (not enough space and no elevator to top floor). Room didn't even have an armchair. Ice machine stayed broken four days after reporting it. Elevators strange and irregular (to the point that I expected to get stuck at any time). Noisy. Pizza from the pizza place downstairs had a Bisquik crust and was cold and flavorless--including CANNED mushrooms. Maybe there's something better in the "food court," but that's closed for "sewer repairs."  Because of construction, it took a half hour to find the parking ramp in the first place. Pro tip: the "Flamingo Hilton" is a different hotel--one that actually has checkin-parking in front--unlike the Flamingo.By accurate measurement, it was 0.4 mile walking from the parking ramp to my room. I've stayed at Caesar's Palace and it really IS a palace compared to the Flamingo.Final indignity: took a half hour to CHECK OUT.  The 700 year old clerk (who was on oxygen, probably so customers would feel sorry for her and not spring on her like a panther when she says something sarcastic) told me "you could review your bill and check out on the room TV."  Well, not if I wanted a receipt.  Also, the "express checkout kiosk" suckered me out of line and didn't work, and ten more people were in line ahead of me when I returned.Second pro tip:  ALWAYS do valet parking.  There's no charge--just a tip.  It's worth five bucks to not walk through the 110 degree (no, that isn't a typo) ramp.  I've stayed at four places on the strip and the Flamingo is the worst so far.Oh yeah, I almost forgot: they want $14/day PER DEVICE for wireless Internet.  Balls.  Lucky they don't have a quarter-a-sheet paper dispenser in the bathroom.
1	Our entire experience at the Flamingo was a nightmare. First we had difficulty locating the parking entrance in the mist of 5 o'clock traffic. There were no courtesy signs navigating flamingo-goers. But at last we found it, parked and trekked to the lobby in the 109 degree dessert heat. We check in with ease utilizing the self check in machine. When we get to our floor it reeked of filth. The carpet in the hallways was so incredibly dirty, probably years since they cleaned it last, most of it raised from moisture damage. This was the first major red flag. But we continued the journey to our room none the less. As soon as we walked in I noticed the place had neither been vacuumed, swept, wiped or much of anything. The corner lamp looked as though it had been knocked over and trampled on before being placed on the dresser again. Dust and smudge marks on the TV. A significant amount of dirt, hair, and other debris on the floor and carpet. Then I sit on the bed and notice a film of gunk on the night stand that resembled human fluids. And then my husband told me there were cum stains on the curtains - yes folks, cum stains! It was about now when I said this is simply unacceptable when paying over $100 per night, I've seen far better rooms at a motel 6. So I call customer service to report the status of the room, not only was the attendant rude but also uncaring. She said she would call maid service up. I asked for a partial refund for the inconvenience and to this she replied the casino would comp my hubby and I with a $30 casino credit. I asked when the maid would be up she replied "I don't know". This is when it became a customer service issue along with the cleanliness issue. I asked to speak to the manager, only to be treated in the exact same way. She then forwarded me to the maid manager claiming perhaps she could better assist me with my problem. The maid manager said she didn't know what time the maids could come to the room that management should have offered me another room. So then I call the front desk again, demanded to speak to the manager because after an hour of being placed on hold and getting no where I was ready to flip. As I'm trying to get a hold of Sandra (hotel manager of the century) the customer service attendant states that I could not be issued a new room since it was after five (we checked in around 5:30pm) and that I the manager had already offered to change my room which I declined (bold face lie left in the notes). When I finally got in touch with the manager she neither denied nor confirmed any of the information passed and insisted her hands were tied and there was NOTHING she could do. After another 30 minutes of banter and BS we were able to check out and receive a full refund for our 2 hour stay in hell. We ended up staying at Rumor Boutique, which is off the strip, which was incredibly nice, clean, and had the friendliest staff!IN SUMMARY:  the flamingo offered us filthy rooms with filth and dirt all over - to include human matter (lube and idk what else on the night stand and cum on the curtains) and terrible customer service.I have never spoken to a hotel manager that did not give a crap in the world to make your stay remotely comfortable - way to go Sandra!
4	Pink.  I love this hotel amazing location best on the strip.  Pool that is warm not to mention eye candy tropical paradise.  Love the Harrah bonus being able to use any of the Harrah's pools.  4th time in Vegas in the last 5 1/2 years.  Cant wait til the high roller is done.  Las Vegas has a city wide tax on all hotels and resorts you pay it at everyone.  Flamingo gives you a credit also mgm casino's also charge it and also give you a credit too.
3	For the price, the Flamingo was great.We were going to Vegas for a long weekend to hang out at a pool and didn't want to spend a ton of money on a hotel.  I've stayed at the more elite casinos and we just wanted a low key hangout.The GO pool did not disappoint.  You do have to get there early to get a chair, but if you don't, its so hot, setting your towel on the side of the pool and grabbing a shallow cove to hang out in all day is just fine.  Our room was good.  Not great, not terrible.  We did upgrade to a GO room for $22 more a night and I assume it was worth it because it was really nicely decorated.  Free safe, big bathroom, nice bed and white pleather headboard and a great view of the strip.There is construction going on next door so some of the foot and car traffic is rerouted, but no big deal.There was a long time to check in but we walked right up to the kiosk and checked in on the computer in about 2 minutes.  Same thing with checkout.  We had them hold our bags downstairs at the bell hop because we checked out at noon for a 4PM flight - they did a great job with no lines.  There are lines for baggage upstairs on the main lobby.One complaint is the lines at the coffee / breakfast spot near Sin City Brewery - each morning we waited in line for coffee and breakfast sandwiches for 20+ minutes and then another 10 minutes to get our coffee and food.  They should open more registers here or open more coffee stands.
1	Booked a room here months in advance.Got an email a week before saying they were doing renovations.They told me they'd move me to another hotel.I requested that I be fully refunded my deposit and charged no further.They refunded me.Then they charged me again.I actually really like this casino, but the hotel is TERRIBLY run.
4	funny, with all the negative reviews I see on Yelp, I'm probably the minority that LOVES this place.  it's perfect for location, monorail, price and atmosphere.   The buffet is pretty average, so off better going some where if you want to upgrade, but it works if you're not too picky.  What rules is having a Johnny Rockets in the hotel that's open 24/7.  The 2 pizza places are okay, but nothing to write home about.Funny that I've had more success with the Fab Deluxe over the Go Deluxe.  I've had great views of the strip and the most recent time, I had a view of the entire Caesars, Bellagio and Cosmo from the room. The Fab is pretty basic.  You get the usual shower, safe, flat screen and view of the strip.  The one time I had the Go Deluxe, you get the same, but a mini fridge and a real swanky bathroom with a TV in the mirror.  Once was good, but I'd rather have the basics and the view or a lesser price.  The sports book is small, but cozy.I'd had great deals too.  the last time was off vegas.com where I got 3 nights and a round trip flight on Virgin for $300.
2	Disappointed.  Pros:-Clean room and bathroom-Price per night -Friendly valet staffCons:-No "do not disturb" signs in room (so maid woke us up every morning)-In room safe broken-Very uncomfortable pillows-No mini bar-No room service after 1am, no 24 hour cafe (only pizza or a burger available after 1 am) -Dingy carpet in hall.  Smelled of too much Febreeze-Limited dining options
3	Flamingo is one of those older gems on the strip. The casino is nice and the good court has some good options, the pizza from both pizza places is yumzo :) Stayed here with free rooms from a certificate and I thought it was just fine...The room size is good for Vegas and yeah it could be a little dirty here and there but nothing major. Our room was actually pretty clean. Check in was a B, the line was long but it was moving, we checked in around 11pm. Like pretty much every casino, the servers are nice and tentative :)The cleaning ladies did a great job keeping our room nice and provided new towels and hand towels every visit... Why I can't really complain it because the location is so central on the strip that you don't have to walk for hours I would like to check out one of the shows
3	Hotel is OLD, even though parts of it was recently updated it is just still old. But it is a great location. If you do not plan on spending too much time in your room this is the place to stay. Price is reasonable for what you get just dont expect luxury. Walls are very thin so you might here more than you want tooThe pool is decent, lots of Palm trees and shrubbery but not much swimming space as it looks like there is from the pictures online. It closes at 6pm when it is still blazing hot, especially in the summer, so get there early to enjoy.
3	The Flamingo doesn't blow you away by any stretch of the imagination. Location is the most desirable thing it offers. The (newly remodeled) rooms are fine if a bit over the top. I can't imagine needing or wanting a white plastic headboard but I got one anyway. Only in Vegas. The casino itself is a bit dated and needs a freshening. It's Vegas so I'm sure that freshening is just minutes away. Come in with mild expectations and enjoy the central location!
1	The valet situation here is a joke. Their structure is full of spots reserved for the valet, but not nearly enough for self-parking. And the valet dudes do not know to direct traffic when their valet pull-in spot gets full. WTF??
2	The interior is very dated.  The check in and check out lines are insanely long. Housekeeping was horrible. When I arrived at the room all the lights were unplugged, I still have no idea why!The walls are paper thin, I could hear every word the room made next to me.... until 5:30 am.The pools are over crowded and too small.
4	I'd had my heart set on staying at one of the big name hotels, but this was more in our price range. I have to admit, this hotel was much nicer than I'd thought it would be. Considering my last 2 stays in Vegas was at San Remo and Excalibur, the Flamingo was the Ritz Carlton!! For starters, a good pool is important, and this hotel has a very good pool. It also has a man made faux beach and waterfalls. I also really enjoyed the fact that the Carnaval Court was right down the street, literally, so after a day at the pool, we could walk over and have some drinks outside, while listening to live music. It's also a very short walking distance to Caesars and Bellagio, so you can skip over there for some free entertainment then head back to your room to get ready for a What-happens-in-Vegas-stays-in-Vegas evening.Basically, it's located in the middle of the strip so everything is just a short cab ride, monorail ride or walk away. The buffet was to par with any of the other hotels in the surrounding area, only a little less expensive. The rooms were adequate sized, very clean and quiet. I can honestly say that I would stay here again in a heart beat! For all that you get, their prices can't be beat.
2	Pros:-price-location-shorter check-in line for total rewards membersCons:-thins walls in room (very very noisy). I could hear the neighbors and their tv, neighbors across hall, and guests walking and talking in hallway. There was also some construction noise or something late in the middle of the night.-under construction near by-entrance to park was hard to find (took an hour w/ traffic circling the hotel 3 times over). We called the hotel asking for directions and even they didn't know that the small entrance they directed us to was temporarily closed. We had to make another u-turn and the. turn onto a small street. We passed that small street twice and there was no sign or anything to help visitors find the entrance to park at Flamingo.-calling guest services took long (had to wait 5 mins before getting in touch with a person) every time we called-pool closes too early (6pm)
1	Although the Flamingo is cheap and in a central location, the staff has no regard for its customers. In the middle of the night, my  lock on my door did not work, and the front desk said they would send security up to fix it and let me in my room. After waiting outside my room for twenty minutes, I called down to the front desk who directed the call to security. Apparently the front desk never notified security, and they said they'd be right up. Security did not arrive for 30 more minutes and did not apologize for the wait. When I complained to a manager the next day, they said that they would only comp my resort fee for my "inconvenience." Any other hotel in Vegas would bend over backwards for their guest, but apparently The Flamingo doesn't have any interest in guests returning to their hotel. Also, the hotel was grimy, smelly, wifi is awful, and there's hardly any cell phone service. Next time, I'll spend the money for a better hotel. The Flamingo is not worth it.
1	First, this was not our first trip and we have stayed at many of the hotels on the strip, including the IP. To say that the flamingo is worse than the IP is saying a lot. Lets forget that the room was showing signs of age. The phone was broken when we arrived. Housekeeping did nothing about this and it took three days, six calls and two trips to the front to get it fixed. TV was broken. Took six calls and when the guy came up to fix it we also pointed out that the toilet was running. His response? "Sorry, not my department". It went on from there, and unfortunately we were there for a conference or we would have heeded the other reviews and avoided the flamingo like the plague. The capping just now is I came back from a day of conference and discovered housekeeping had taken all the towels. And worse, calling down and going to the desk got us nothing. So I went up, found a floor with a cart and got my own towels. But why is the housekeeping so bad? Why does nobody there seem to care about service? I talked to a fellow who had to go find toilet paper because his room was left uncleared for three days. I talked to another lady at the conference, same thing. I for sure wont ever stay here again, and I definitely wouldn't recommend it. We are next door at the Westin writing this because I don't even want to go into the bad service at the loud restaurant at the flamingo.
2	Terrible experience. First-it took over an hour to check in-so I didn't get in to my room until after 9pm. Then, once finally in my room, I tried to call down for a late check out, and they said they won't confirm or consider the request until 8am on the day of. What's the point at that point?! Then I noticed food crumbs on the alarm clock and a dried up wad of gum on the edge of the nightstand. Then I realized I forgot my toothbrush and toothpaste just as I was ready to go to bed, and they don't offer those-you have to go to the gift shop to buy them. They won't let you even pay for it on the room tab and deliver-it has to be in person! So I had to either change clothes and go down then come back up and put my pj's back on or walk through the smokey and bumpin' casino (which doesn't seem so bad till you're over it and ready for bed) in my pj's just to smell of smoke even more as I'm going to bed. Super irritating! With all this talk about ultimate luxury on their 'hold' music when I called down there, this seems pretty low class to me. Not happy. Disgusting. Finally, the next morning, I needed to grab something quick to eat, and the front desk person recommended the cafe. The food came out somewhat quickly but was way more than I ordered (I wanted one english muffin with some eggs and cheese on it, and they brought out a styrofoam container FULL of eggs-it must have been an entire dozen of eggs, and they charged me accordingly). When I went to pay, it took about 10 minutes just to do that because the computer system was glitching, and even the manager when called over couldn't fix it in a reasonable amount of time.  The only reason I gave it a 2 star instead of 1 is that the man at the check-in counter and the girl that was trying to take my money at the cafe were very nice, even with being in an understaffed (check-in guy) and nonworking (cafe girl) department/hotel. They must pick and train their employees very well.
1	I booked the 2 Queen bed room (specifically mentioned in Hotels.com page, paid $10 extra for 2 queen bed room) for my stay. Upon checking in with Hotel clerk, they mentioned, no matter what you have booked in Hotels.com, the type of beds are not guaranteed. They offered me a King bed room and an extra rolling cot. I repeatedly told that I should get what I booked but they kept on saying it is not the case. I asked to talk to the manager, manager came and told me they can offer room with King bed as all other rooms are sold. If I do not like that then they can cancel my booking with a full refund. How harsh could a manager be on the face of a customer who has booked a room months back! I took the room and had to accept the rolling cot. Next day when I returned to my room at night, I noticed the cot is not there. I had to call guest services repeatedly and arrange for one again. What a pain!! Finally few words about their parking lot. 60% of it has been rented out to Hertz or Valet, only few spots are available for the hotel guests. The lot stinks as they do not clean it. Elevators do not work most of the time, even if they work, you have to wait for 10 mins for one. If you reach there by 8-9 pm, you will never find a spot. I booked this hotel due to convenient location. Will never go back there.
4	I'm going to break this review down in sections: I stayed at the Flamingo from 8/14-8/20/2013 and I loved it, despite all the negative reviews.First thing, GET A TOTAL REWARDS CARD, if you fail to obtain one prior to check-in you more than likely will be waiting a significant amount of time in line.  If you are 7star/Diamond/gold member they have a separate line for them, for example, I am a gold member and was able to bypass the line and check-in immediately.  POOL: 5/5Pros----Amazing pool, PARTY atmosphere, only a small section that is in the shade for half the day the rest is in the sun all day, great party music, weekends have booty shaking contest, Ages range is typical 20-30s, but plenty of ages enjoying the fun atmosphere.  Tropical style setting: palm trees, water fall.  Towels for flamingo guestsCons:  PACKED on weekends, get there early (8am) if you want a great seat, if not you will be hunting for spots to sit.  However I was able to get seats later in the day when the second wave of people began showing (2pm).  Bathroom for men has only 3 toilets, kinda sucks when a line forms.  Drink lines can get lengthy.  $ for drinks are expensive but who cares you're in Vegas.ROOM: 4/5Ok First night I was upgraded to a GO room because my KING FAB LUX w/STRIP VIEW was unavailable at the time.  We arrived at 12am and the guy at the check in was super cool.  GO room was awesome, clean, classy, no issues. Pros:  KING FAB LUX w/stip; 22130 , great view of strip.  Room was clean, no bugs, Maid service everyday, new towels brought, Bed was comfy, (go room had a nicer bed)  I didnt feel disgusted in the room like how some of the reviews had mentioned.  Overall satisfied with my experience!Cons:  minor wear in bathroom, lighting was slightly rushed, door scratched, carpet outside the room slightly worn.  Pressure in shower a little low, but was able to get clean no problem.  None of the imperfections in the room would make me NOT want to stay there again.  Walls thin, could hear people talking loudly occasionally.  Again who cares, you're in Vegas to have a GREAT TIME!!Casino/Atmosphere/Food 4/5Pros:  Outside flamingo atmosphere is so nice, so relaxing looking at all the water, ecology, and trees, plenty of shade, plenty of great spots for pictures, just a real vacation feel, loved it.    Food choices in food-court low, only 4 restaurants, but were great for a snack or quick bite, $ ok.  Casino as we all know is older but still fun, They have a Maragrittaville in there and that is AWESOME, food was fantastic.Cons:  The casino is older, construction between flamingo and ballys is a pain/loud, cab service not very great because of the road cutting through flamingo is closed so cabs have to drive around to pick up/drop off.  One elevator did not work.  Again, nothing in this place would make me not want to come back.  Conclusion:-  Look if you book here expecting it to be like a Cesars or Belligio quality casino then you are foolish person.  It was a great experience, I have no idea why so many people complain about this place.  If you don't like to party, loud noise, immature/funny people, fun atmosphere, meeting new people then Flamingo is not your place.  If however you do, you will be pleasantly surprised as I was.  I never write reviews but after reading all these picky, mean, snooty reviews about this place I had to tell my story.  Hope this helps for the future flamingo guests!!
3	Bleh. It's not a place I would stay at twice. On the positive side, the room was very clean and spacious, and the beds were very comfortable. It has a very retro 80's feeling with the black, white, and hot pink. I thought it was weird that the floor didn't have any carpet though, it was a textured vinyl linoleum, which wasn't awful but I think carpet is so much better and feels more cozy and comfortable. We were also staying in a room that wasn't fully renovated, meaning that the bathroom wasn't renovated at all, there was paint chipping off of the 50 year old sink (probably exaggerating, but it was very dated). Also, the TV was about five sizes too small for the room, so it was very weird to watch, not that anyone goes to Las Vegas to watch TV, but on the off chance that anyone does, just know that the TV is tiny. The pool also closes at 6? Most people don't even get to their hotels until four or five at the earliest, I have never heard of any pool closing that early.I would have to say that the absolute worst part of staying there was that check in took an hour. We got there at 7:30 on a Monday, it was just a little ridiculous, I've stayed in Las Vegas Labor Day weekend, which is a very busy weekend, and never had to wait that long at all. Next to that figuring out where to park was another hassle. The casino next door was being torn down, which happened to also be where the front entrance and check in for the Flamingo was, but there was no signage as to where we had to go instead. We had to take a chance and go down some random street that led to a parking garage and thankfully it ended up being where the Flamingo entrance was. It would have just been a little helpful if on the reservation confirmation the hotel had said that there was construction going on and the entrance was somewhere other than where is should have been.Overall there are better places to stay in Vegas, you are going to spend the money anyways so why not spend it on one of the nicer hotels, even Bally's is a lot nicer. Or if you don't want to spend more money on one of the fancy hotels just book a room at one of the hotels that's not directly on the strip. It's still walking distance or a very short cab ride, but the hotel is cheaper.
1	At Vegas for the first time and although I foresee and thoroughly expect rudeness,degenerates and blatant alcoholics to come my way; I have never experienced such rudeness as I have literally JUST experienced from a customer service attendant( to whom I asked a simple question; " where can I find the restroom". ) to which she responded, " I'm pointing at it, can't you read, it says "" restroom""", to which I responded " oh I'm sorry, I've never been here, so you could've just said " around the corner and to the right". Vegas is designed to distract you from EVERYTHING, plus, you're given comp drink for gambling. I'm sorry if I've been enjoying my vacation. How about just say, " hey, it's down this hall and to the right." I'll find it eventually. No need to insult me or my intelligence because I am far more sober than most of these people. The end. Thank you. "Norma" was her name. Avoid her.
5	This place was awesome!  Reasonable priced, great location, kick ass pool and very few meat heads.  Next time in Vegas I will be there!
4	Stayed Thursday through Sunday.   Was glad to get one of the remodeled rooms (laminate floor), but dated bathroom.   Room was clean when arrived and housekeeping service was good.   AC was noisy.  General areas (hallways) of this hotel are very dated, but all-in-all we were pretty satisfied with the stay given the cost/value and especially location.  Would stay here again.   I was concerned about it given some of the more recent reviews but we had a good stay.
1	My BFs parents paid for this hotel as a birthday gift, so I was excited and grateful for a free place to stay on the strip. From the moment we stepped inside, we experienced horrible service! The front desk attendants were rude and inattentive. Our room keys stopped working on 2 different occasions. The place looks and smells like it hasn't been renovated in decades! It reeked of stale nicotine covered in potpourri sprayed with old lady musk perfume. There is nothing exciting going on. No cool restaurants or bars inside. The bed in our room was super uncomfortable and the bathroom tiles were cracking and stained. Not my scene or crowd. Totally staying at The Cosmopolitan next time!I give it one star for being on the strip and centrally located to everything!
2	A good value with a great location, but has problems. The hotel is dated, but the rooms were recently updated and nice. A major con here is that the walls are paper thin - we had obnoxious neighbors who keep me up all night. I called the front desk about this 3x, nothing was done. We moved rooms, hoping not to have more jerks next door.A friend had the buffet and said it wasn't good and was overpriced. No good places to eat in the hotel, but it does have a convenience store that sells water, booze, cigarettes,etc.The pool is ok, but there were frat boys making a beer bong out of a pool noodle. Lots of beer in the pool that day.You might want to spend the money to stay somewhere classier, if that's your thing. Otherwise, prepare for "budget travelers"  who are loud, drunk, obnoxious, rude, etc. and a hotel staff that could care less.
5	My recent stay here at the Flamingo was very satisfying.  I have nothing bad at all to say about this place.  The service from the hotel staff at front desk and guest services to the people who worked at the restaurants inside the Flamingo to the Floor Managers and dealers as well as the cleaning staff was simply outstanding.  I stayed in one of the Fab Deluxe Rooms.  It was quiet, clean and had everything I would want to have in a hotel room in Las Vegas.  The flight and hotel together was very cheap and the value of it all was perfect.  I would stay here again for sure.
2	The Flamingo is really showing its age, especially compared to the City Center properties (Vdara, Aria, etc.).  At this point, I definitely would not stay at the hotel.  But I would gamble there!  I was only able to find a $5 craps table on Sunday afternoon in summer 2013 at two places; Flamingo and Bally's.  And in my opinion, Flamingo is slightly nicer.  I think it's probably about time the Flamingo follows Bill's Gambling Hall and gets a major renovation going.
1	Who would've thought you could ever get any dirtier in VEGAS?!?!If you plan on spending very little time in your room and will be inebriated to the point of not caring about the cleanliness of your room when you use it, this is not a bad choice.  It was one of the cheapest hotels on the strip and the view from the suites were not terrible. They are pet friendly and they did upgrade us to a suite. BUT if you look at the pics I (and many others) have posted you'll see how dirty these rooms are.  I found a damn croissant in the corner of my room from the previous guest or possibly even the previous, previous guest (ughhh).  The shower curtain was so moldy I had to keep on asking for more towels since water got on the floor because I showered with the curtain open not wanting the filth to touch my body. I even felt the need to shower with flip flops on because if the shower curtain is that gross who knows how important they think it is to clean the actual tub.  The sink had such a foul smell that I brushed my teeth and washed my face using water from water bottles I bought.  I was completely grossed out but I could see it working for some people going to Vegas... just make sure you get completely wasted before returning to your room so you don't get disgusted by how dirty things are.
3	We stayed at the flamingo this past week and were pretty happy. We had one of the renovated rooms so it was a cute pink color which I loved. I did not like that the bathroom had a sliding door so not really any privacy. We had a decent view of the pool and the room was clean. The pillows were way too fluffy and had to sleep on the bed without one :/ Also. the last day we were there house keeping came into our room without even knocking so not really happy about that. The location of this hotel is awesome and right in the middle of the strip. They recently renovated the hotel so it has a food court and a mexican restaurant. The food was ok but of course pricey. The buffet was also alright. The line for the pool on saturday was ridiculous and every day we were there (wednesday-sunday) we couldn't find a place to put our towels so had to keep our stuff next to us on the floor and sit in the pool which was ok. It got packed on the weekends. The drinks were expensive by the pool.The part I was really annoyed with was the parking. We tried to park saturday night and half the parking lot is for valet while the other half is for the hilton guests and trying to get around in that parking lot is a nightmare. Also, valet was lined up that night and was told we'd have to wait for valet... well isn't that the point of having a valet so you don't have to wait? Had to park in some sketchy parking lot a bit of a walk from the hotel. Oh, and check in is an absolute nightmare. Thank god i'm a total rewards member and didn't have to wait in a line because if I wasn't it would probably have been a good hour and a half.
5	Since the Flamingo GO Pool is basically my new favorite place to be EVER I guess this will seem bias. However, I did consult these Yelp reviews before booking the Flamingo and because of that I booked the GO Room. I wanted to check out old Vegas and thought "How bad can it be?"Indeed. I have no idea what these reviewers are talking about with the rooms being dirty. Maybe the Flamingo has made some changes, but the room we had was seriously nothing short of amazing. It's probably the nicest room I have ever stayed in. Really. It could just be the proletariat in me, though.You can't compare the Flamingo to Aria or Cosmo because you can't get a room for that price in those places. You can't say you don't like a movie theatre, so you're going to the OPERA next time because one of those things is not the same price as the other. I know it is difficult for rich people to understand that things cost different amounts... but if you can afford a suite in the Cosmopolitan then don't cheap out and stay at the Flamingo and then become all enraged when there is no water for your pomeranian in the room. If you want a fancy hotel, go pay a fancy fee.You get what you pay for and unlike some other casinos I have stayed in, the Flamingo was worth every cent. Then again, I'm not all rich and fancy. And I don't have a fancy pomeranian. It's because I'm poor and I don't know how to live my life. And I have a dog allergy. I'll never be able to afford a suite at the Cosmo, though, so for me the Flamingo is as good as it gets. WOW I DON'T EVEN FEEL DEPRIVED AT ALL!There was a long line to check in and out. There was also a comparable line checking into the Paris. I'm not saying lines are cool, just that if you can't afford some kind of presidential VIP welcoming party I don't think you can do much about the whole "waiting in line" thing that happens in life and stuff. Luckily, when we got to the front of the line the guy at the counter was totally excellent and upgraded us to a suite even though he could tell we weren't all upper class by our flip flops and non-designer sunglasses. His awesomeness more than made up for that line that makes you ponder your lot in life as a non-celebrity.You can't expect fancy parking at an old Vegas hotel, they did things different when this place was built... which is basically what I think makes the Flamingo rock my face off. I would rather have a fancy place for me to stay than my car, but I am used to parking my car in shady places since I'm so low class and all. Naturally, fancy people will be absolutely infuriated by the fact that the red carpet doesn't reach into the parking lot of inconvenience. If you have given your rich-person driver the day off and the limo is in the shop you can always use the valet, although I know it is hard to surrender your Astin Martin to one of the great unwashed service industry people.We thought that the walls were thin when we woke up the morning after and heard a ton of music, but it was from the pool. The pool that makes staying at the Flamingo completely worth it! The birds, the greenery, everything was so cool! Even if the hotel was just average, it would still be worth staying here just for the pool. Of course, if you sleep wearing a blindfold on a pillow made of satin I can see how this would be totally bothersome. And I know flamingos aren't that impressive to see when you eat one for dinner every Saturday with a side of caviar or something. But normal people think it's pretty cool.Overall, I think the Flamingo is worth the risk. I don't think you can go wrong with the GO room from what I saw, and with that level of coolness I don't see how much lower than average the other rooms can possibly be. Worst case scenario the room is a little dirty and you spend your whole stay in the pool anyway. Watch out, poor people pee in it!
2	Oh Flamingo, you old bird. All you need is a good (bird) bath to clean your skanky carpets in the common areas, and fluff your feathers-- I mean, freshen up your rooms. I actually like the atmosphere in the Casino and shopping areas... folks are pretty friendly and there's a good vibe. But you need to be eating some new birdseed... and by that I mean, freshen up every part of your business (especially lobby/casino decor, room quality, maintenance/upkeep, and food service).You have have good lineage. And your recently-refurbished guest rooms are a step in the right direction (though, while I'm not crazy about the Peptol-Bismol-pink bathroom walls, the electric drapes are a nice feather in your plume). It just seems like you're at 55% right now when, if you just got flapping, you could be at 100%. Or even 110%-- shoot for the skies!Dear Flamingo, please don't lay an egg! Leave the comfort of your nest and soar like you are meant to (or at least balance on one leg like you are meant to), sweet Flamingo!
4	It was noisy from the bathroom and construction (quite bother me), food was left in the hallway from early am to late pm so what? As long as it isnt in my room or in front of my room. Staffs were ok. If you guy mean room service staffs were rude, give them some tips pls. (They cleaned your room didnt they. Give 'em a break). 30 bucks/ night on the strip (I'm not a high roller nor a gambler, just a vacationer) wasn't so bad after all.
2	The positives about staying at the Flamingo? 1. You're on a budget and don't plan to stay in your room very much 2. Location (fairly central on the Strip and easy access to other hotels- Paris hotel is right next to it and Caesar's is across the street) The negatives: 1. Parking- not very obvious entrance, we had to consult a friend to figure out where to go and ended up entering on some random backstreet behind the hotel. It was probably because we got there around 10 on a Friday night, but finding parking was pretty much impossible until circling for 15 minutes and finding literally the last corner spot in the lot. 2. Hotel service- we had several hiccups with our room, which had all of the basics; I was expecting a dirty old run-down carpet, but instead we had hardwood which was a slight upgrade. But re-directing, one of the most egregious issues we dealt with was when our toilet ended up overflowing. We made a call to the front desk the second the issue arose and the individual at the front desk said they would send someone to take care of it. An hour later, we called again to say that no-one had come to service the toilet, and the front desk responded that they would submit a service request to maintenance. We wanted to get our day going and left for a few hours only to return back to the room with still an unfixed toilet (SERIOUSLY?) We made a third call down to the frontdesk and they responded as if we were highly inconviencing them and  they  were unaware of the status of our service request... eventually after some more prodding someone eventually came to fix it, but the amount of effort and lack of responsiveness was just unfathomable. Several other instances during our visit we had requested items from the front desk (toiletries, etc) and none of it ever got delivered. They did give us a lot of towels though. 3. Some of the renovations around the hotel are kind of tacky-- the women's restroom behind the buffet literally had a sign made of cardboard and a piece of tape stuck to the wall with "Women" written on it in sharpie.
4	We are rating the pool, not the hotel in this review. Smaller than the Mirage, but well run, clean, friendly staff (Dani rocked) and the poolside food was amazingly good. My husband said the sliders were tasty and a bit of a surprise (didn't expect them to be good). The ceviche was never ending with tasty shrimp and scallops - I too was not prepared for how good it was. Overall, inexpensive and great quality. The pool is a hoot and just a lot of fun. Opens at 8 - line up no later than 7:45.
1	What a dump!  Paint from ceilings peeling in the hallways.  Trip on the carpet in the hallway from where it needs restretched or replaced!  Truck stop quality bathroom.  Very dirty and just nasty place, even by cheap vegas standards.  Parking garage can't be safe.  There are much better places nearby for similar price.  This hotel is not very nice and the check-in line took 40 minutes!   Nope, this place sucks. Never again.
2	The Flamingo has a very dated decor. I was staying in a Fab room which was supposedly a renovated room. That was untrue, since the only thing that looked new were the pink curtains. The bathroom vanity and other furniture in the room had chipping paint and finish. When I travel for a short period, I rely on hotel toiletries, the hotel does not provide hair conditioner. The house cleaning staff was nice and provided us with ample amount of towels! The hotel is good for people looking for something cheap, great location and aren't too picky about the room quality.
3	If you're going to stay here, get the Go Room. Not the Fab or the Fab Deluxe room, get the Go Room. They're newly renovated and on a floor that is separate from the cheaper rooms, it's worth the cost increase. The Fab rooms have walls as thin as paper and the adjoining doors between rooms have a large gap under the door, so you can hear your neighbor clear as day. So don't be me and book a Fab room because it's cheaper, and you won't have to try and sleep with a loud, pot smoking (not that that's a bad thing), up all night, crazy drunk neighbor. With that aside, the Flamingo is a great place to stay for the money, middle of the strip, lots of places to dine early or late. The X-Burlesque show is GREAT! But buy your tickets at Tiks-Tonite down by Ballys. They're half the price all day every day!
1	BED BUGS BED BUGS BED BUGS!!! I have video proof! I shoved one in a glass and brought it down to the lobby! So here goes the novel that is my review. We booked because our friends said they had stayed there and wanted to again now that it's been redone. We arrived, took 30 minutes to find parking. Check in not realizing our luggage was in a puddle. Even though I had booked on their site and had been charged they claimed there was a rate adjustment and the room was now more expensive. Off to a bad start but who cares, I'm in vegas for a week! Up we go to our room. I tripped over the carpet in the hallway. It was threadbare in areas, covered in stains and pulling up from the ground. I said "This carpet is..." and before I could finish a passing guest said "disgusting...that's what the carpet is." We open our non smoking room to a big face slap of cigarette smell. Again, it's Vegas...oh well. Our view was a parking lot and construction. I am horrified of bed bugs and have my ritual. No luggage touches the bed and nothing happens until I do my mandatory inspection. The bed is white and there are specs of brown and tan (like sand and dirt) near the foot. There is also a dead brown bug. I try to move the bug onto something so I can look at it and it drops onto the carpet. My boyfriend tells me I am paranoid and I agree. So I pull all the sheets up off of the foot of the bed to start my check and before I can do anything...BAM bed bug just crawling around doing it's thing. If you know about bed bugs...those are all signs of a set in...well feed...long lived...full blown infestation. The poop, the completed life cycle and a bed bug so big that you can easily see it...in the middle of that day?! They normally stay out of site until around 3 am. I flipped out, video taped the bug, made him get a cup to bring the bug to the lobby in and held all my luggage while I called the lobby. Saying bed bug, video and "it's in a cup" should get you straight through to a manager yes? Not at the flamingo. I had to ask for a manager. The manager asked if we would like a cleaning lady. uh huh. I told her I was coming straight to the lobby bed bug in hand. I get there, put the cup on the counter and loudly say "we found bed bugs in our room". She offers to put us in a different room. I tell her that since the linens are cleaned together and the guests use the same towels, wear their now bed bug infested clothes around the hotel..etc that the whole place is unsafe and I want to be put in a different hotel. Remember our friends are staying there too. She tells me she will refund my money and allow me to use their phone to reserve elsewhere. I tell her that Bed Bugs are a big deal and have to make a huge scene and threaten to tell everyone waiting to check in (and show them) before she finally calls Planet Hollywood and reserves for us. She hangs up the phone and tells us that it will be more expensive. Again, I have to make her call them back and get the exact same rate that we would have been paying at the flamingo. Finally this manager says to me "You know, there are bed bugs everywhere" Which disgusted me even more...No..not every hotel has bed bugs. They use bed bugs protectors on their mattresses (unlike the Flamingo) and use high heat in their dryers. So...2 hours later we are finally in line to register at PH. The lady that checks us in is so disgusted that she immediately upgrades us to a mini-suite overlooking the bellagio water show and the pools. No bed bugs, nice clean beds and beautiful rooms. So our friends say they want to leave too and expect the same deal. Flamingo tells them to drive to PH and if they have availability that Flamingo would refund them. They get to PH, no one from Flamingo has contacted them and they see that Flamingo booked and then immediately canceled a room with PH. Thank God for PH because we went to the same lady, she got on the phone with Flamingo, which is a sister hotel of PH, and got our friends the exact same deal one floor above us. Flamingo is SICK and their customer relations are atrocious. Go look at trip adviser...everyone says the same thing. And unless you want your world to be rocked by a bed bug infestation...STAY AWAY
1	I stayed here in April and am just now writing my review because I still haven't gotten over the worst hotel experience of my life. With that said if I could give negative 5 stars on this hotel I would not hesitate.Let me start my story off with me in the bathroom when I noticed something was leaking from the ceiling onto my face only to discover from the maintenance guy that it was toilet water that was leaking. Great just my luck. So of course we asked to be moved to another hotel room. What felt like 500 hours later we finally get a room. We Carry all our belongings through the annoying layout of the hotel and The lady hands us our new keys and she leaves no apology for the  inconvenience. NOTHING! And that's not even the worst part. We return to our hotel room later that night to find that our new keys don't even work. We call concierge and they tell me "there is no one by your name that is staying In this room and there is some other guest checked in there" WTF? Are you kidding me? Where the hell is our luggage then? Do they really have no record at all of everything that happened?  After arguing back and forth with this person for what seemed like eternity the manager finally comes up to the room and opens the door but not before making sure that it was really our stuff. And the only thing he offered us was a stupid food credit. I wanted to tell him to go F himself. I will never stay here again! Worst hotel experience ever.
1	One of the worst experiences I have ever had.  My wife and I had my sister set up the rooms as she is a local to the vegas area.  We were assured that the rooms would be in the newly renovated portion of the hotel.  We had a group of six people, 4 of which were visiting from Brazil.  I must say that the greeters were very nice, but that's where the good experience ended.  Upon opening the elevator at our floor, we were hit with an overwhelming damp, old problems with plumbing type of smell.  The carpets, elevator, and floors were absolutely filthy.  The carpet was so old and dirty, that it was stretched and lifting off the floor.  I really hope that there wouldn't be people with mobility issues walking here as they would fall.Our room was very dirty.  You can tell that the cleaning staff had not been trained, or were not being supervised well.  The floor in the bathroom had hair all over, the towels were stained, and everything looked very dingy.  The bed itself seemed clean (I checked).  We sat down and got alerts for our credit cards that things were being authorized for more than what we were told at the front desk.  We went down and complained about the pricing and filth.  Turns out that things were not explained to us very well upon checking in regarding authorizations and costs.  When they heard about our rooms, they promptly switched us to another floor, all three rooms.  When we went to the new floor, the carpet was a little cleaner but not by much.  We had a cracked mirror in the bathroom, everything was still dingy, and one of our group found cockroaches in the bathroom.We will absolutely never stay here again.  Especially since their advertised rates are always low, since upon check out they somehow get you for at least 50% more.HORRIBLE  HORRIBLE HORRIBLE Don't bother spending money here.
1	Horrible hotel.  Due to construction, $7 shuttle drop-off from the airport is a good 1/4 mile walk to hotel entrance.  Not great for dragging luggage on a hot day.  Next was a very long wait in the Rewards Check in line, which was MUCH shorter than the non Rewards line.  Lost reservations and no replacement room available at that price didn't help, but for only $40 more, we were able to get a room for the night.  In our room, we were able to call and make a new reservation with no mention of lost reservation for the rest of the week at original price, no problem.  I only saw one map in the whole building, a touchscreen map near the check in area.  It was only working one time during the week we were there.  You get a tiny map of the 1st floor as you check in, but it's outdated, and the writing too small to read without a magnifying glass.  No you are here fire escape map on the hotel room doors or in any binders like you see in most hotels. No fridge, microwave, coffee maker (all extra $$).  WiFi is free for one device with the $13 mandatory daily resort charge.  We ended up cheating and turning one of our computers into a secure hot spot for the rest of our gadgets.  Trip to Wal-Mart and the purchase of a cheapy ice-chest replaced the $13 a day refrigerator charge.  It also held more than the fridge they offered. The 12 pack of soda purchased for $3.50 at Wal-Mart replaced the $4 a bottle of Pepsi charge downstairs.  Mold in the bathroom pretty bad.  If you are 6' 6", you will have to bend to even stand in the tub due to the low ceiling clearance.  At 6'2", I still ended up getting shampoo on the ceiling.  Bathroom sink very low..  Ceiling in hotel hallways very low also, and waves and tears in hallway carpet easy to trip over. Elevators pretty fast, which was nice.Supposed clogged drain somewhere that was going to flood the hotel by morning woke us up at 3 am when maintenance started fishing the pipe somewhere in the building.  It took them 1/2 hour to resolve that issue, and only another hour for me to get back to sleep. Two more nights sleep were interrupted when the extremely loud announcement from our room's wall speaker notified us a few times that the cause of the alarm (that we didn't even hear) has been determined and there is no cause for alarm. I can only assume that it was a building wide announcement for something that happened in the casino.  On the 14th floor in the Habitat wing, noise from the adult only pool area sounds like loud haunted wailing.  Had a full face waxing done in the spa.  Spa was totally empty at 10 in the morning.  Just me and two employees.  Once back in their waxing area, I was told that I had to pay an extra $20 to have my cheek area also waxed.  The ended up missing the side burn area all together, which ended up looking very funny once I noticed.  All in all, this hotel SUCKS!  Over charging and then nickle and diming everywhere you look.  Customer service also sucks, though our housekeeper was nice and knew what room we were from.  If we ever come back to Las Vegas (which is very doubtful), we won't be staying here.
4	My friend and I stayed here for a random night in Vegas. I actually really enjoyed staying at this hotel. It is an older hotel so it's not like staying at the Cosmo... but for the price you pay, the location, and overall vibe it was a great deal!We checked late around 9pm, and there was quite a line but it went by quickly. The shops and the front desk was pretty modern, I would say. However, going to the elevators and hallways, you can tell they are old lol. Also the parking garage was also very old and cramped. The room we stayed in (Fab Deluxe) was pretty nice. The floors were wood and the furniture was new as well. The bathroom was clean and nice. The shower I would say is outdated.In our one random night in Vegas we were able to just roam around everywhere in the center of the strip! That's another great thing about this hotel, its near pretty much everything and you can easily walk everywhere. Also in the hotel there are a few bars and eateries that we enjoyed during our stay. We also got to check out the flamingos in the morning! Nearby they have a really cool pool area, which we didn't get to try out.Overall, we enjoyed our stay here and definitely would come here again, especially for the price, location, and overall vibe. Thanks!
1	Worst hotel experience in over 15 trips to Las Vegas.Stayed here 4 nights in July 2013.For check-in, you have the choice of a slow-moving line to get to a person or you can use the kiosk. The kiosk had no line so we used that, but had to repeat several steps and get assistance from a helpful staff member to get the keys to print out. I am not sure this saved any time over the regular line.Hotel keys failed twice, requiring security to get back into the room and fix the card reader, taking over 90 minutes both times. There seems to be only one security guy and one repairman for the entire hotel, judging by the wait. My fiance laid down and took a nap in the hallway while we were waiting since the first time this occurred was late at night after we returned from the club.The room had no bathtub and it was not so much a shower stall, but what I called a prison shower, with a curtained-off corner of the bathroom. There was no border, so it was really easy for the water to run off into the rest of the bathroom. If you are a "bath" person, it is truly disappointing to not have use of a bathtub during your vacation. However, I'm not sure how to avoid this type of room as I don't recall the kiosk asking about this option. I prefer a hotel bathroom to smell of cleaning products or have no odor. This one had a faint dirty smell, as if it had only been wiped down and not thoroughly cleaned.There is no "chill" pool, only a "party" pool. What if you want to just have a relaxing day by the pool in between partying? You can't.Circus Circus is a similarly-priced hotel that seems to get all the flak that this hotel deserves.
2	Not as good ventilation as the other casinos on the strip. The smell of cigarette smoke is more prominent here than at other casinos on the strip, so if you are sensitive to cigarette smoke, stay away! Came here for the wildlife habitat, which was okay. Only okay. They have a decent food court with a Johnny Rocket's. The parking garage is small, confusing, and not labeled. Parking is poor, which is not fun when you combine poor parking with people who have had a little too much to drink. The elevators also weren't working. Not gonna lie, I did enjoy the vintage interior and decor.
1	The Flamingo at Las Vegas stinks.  It is foul!  Per management, "We cannot guarantee a non-smoking room".  If that is important to you, the Las Vegas Flamingo cannot guarantee anything.  The room may be contrary to what it is booked and how the room and floor are labeled.When we checked in after 11pm, we had to wait another 45 minutes for our room to be cleaned.  It was a ineffective cleaning.  Upon opening the door to our "premium" room, the foul stench hit us.  Though labeled a "non-smoking" room, there was still a used ashtray in the bathroom.  The pungent odor of smoke was worse than gaming floors.  My wife and I are allergic to smoke, and this room was unacceptable.  The staff stated there was nothing that could be done to change rooms.  We were to check back the next day for a change, and that's when we were informed again, that we could not change rooms.  The manager stated that "we cannot guarantee a non-smoking room" and that this situation did not warrant a room change.  The putrid smell of smoke had my wife and I waking with terrible migraine headaches for both days.  That hinders any vacation.As well, there was none-stop construction outside our window, and they worked through the night jackhammering.  That was just a bonus.The pink stinks at the Flamingo.
1	When we arrived for our vacation we checked in and headed fur our room. Hallway carpets are disgusting! They gave got to be replaced!! So gross!! We entered in to our room and heard water running. Someone left the hot water running and all the walls were wet from condensation, making the room moist and smelling like B.O. We went back swung and got a new room. This one was better but not by much. Floor had white spots on it., which if mopped I'm sure would come up. Shower has mold. Wallpaper is ripped and pealing. Shower took 15 minutes to become warm enough to step in and no water pressure! Stay somewhere else! Gross, gross, gross!Oh! Lets not forget the elevators that were broken down!! Lovely!!
1	So I'll keep this short and simple; stayed here 09/20-22 in one of the so called updated rooms. Vegas was booked due to the I Heart Radiofest so couldn't get a room at our usual hotel.Parking Structure very cramped. Elevator was shady, disgustingly filthy and did not work.Checking in was quick and ok; however once we got to our room find out our keys did NOT work!Hallway carpeting was filthy, smelly and ruffled. In major need of new carpeting. Not in one little spot but our entire floor hallway  had huge wrinkles/waves. I'm surprised management let this go since this is a major lawsuit waiting to happen. Room was updated however sink faucet had major leak that damaged counter top, shower/tub was kinda gross.Worst thing was Flamingo not even providing "standard" size pillows. They give you these cheap little kiddy pillows that cramp up your neck. Could not sleep met a a few people at the pool and they were randomly complaining how they needed a massage from the uncomfortable pillows, so I know I wasn't the only one.Pool - Great bartender "Rigo" and the pool area staff was Flamingo's only saving grace. Good drink specials from opening to 11am. Avoid the pool area food. Did I mention AVOID the pool food. Don't say I didn't warn ya. So sad because this used to be a great value, but management has let this place run to the ground. I remember when they used to clean and polish the brass elevators, not anymore they're all dingy and tagged/scribed in. Disgusting! Never again.
3	Stayed here recently for a few days, it was nicer than I expected but not amazing. We stayed in a recently renovated go room with a strip view. The view was awesome looking right at Caesars Palace. The walls were somewhat thin, I'm not a fan of having the resort people hocking "free shows" in the lobby. Only one real complaint and that is our do not disturb sign "disappeared" seemingly about 15 minutes after returning from the pool and maid service almost walked in on us. Maybe it was taken but I have a feeling maid service was just impatient and wanted to clean the room.
2	To the Flamingo's credit, we did get a decent deal that included two 24hr buffet passes for other hotels (don't waste it on the Flamingo buffet), and the location is good.  That's about it.  Make sure you double check how much you are charged, especially for specials they are running (we were overcharged but were able to get it changed).  The hotel is too smokey and while they attempted to give the rooms a makeover, you can tell its done cheaply and the bathroom was still really old and not completely clean.  If you're looking for a cheaper stay with a good location on the strip I'd recommend Bally's instead- newer, smells better, and usually not that much more.
5	We had Soooo much fun at this hotel for gambling last night --- we are still smiling this morning!!The property is pretty dumpy and has lost all of its pink sparkle that made it the flamimgo .... and now it is a mish mosh of decor and run down.   But, all that aside its a great place to enjoy the table and gambling at reasonable prices.   The cocktails were great!!  I like drinking white russians when I play and they were delicious!!!! --- my husband likes Grand Marnier  and they charged him 2.00 for the upgrade.  He happily paid it considering other hotels will give a cheap imposter instead ---- it was fantastic that they had a great idea to offer an upgrade for the premium liquors!If you are looking for a gambling spot that is reasonable and a really nice crowd of fun people and nice dealers..... This is a great spot!!Also, the Donnie and Marie Show is Fantastic!!!!!  .... its a Great show to see!
4	Great GO Luxury room on the top floor with killer view but needed some TLC. Staff was nice. Other floors smelled like mildew. Great location but probably the least classy on the strip. Dealers were nice enough.
1	DO NOT STAY HERE!!! Parking structure not labeled and very confusing to look for. Walk from parking structure is very far from hotel lobby. Rude staffs, room stinks and everything is old. Constant construction work outside.When we called to book our rooms. We told them we need 2 rooms, 2 beds each, non-smoking, and a fridge. We have an elder, baby and toddlers. The lady confirmed it will not be a problem over the phone. She will make notes in the system for us so when we arrive all will be set. We called again the day prior to arriving to confirm. They said that's what they have and just ask again at front desk. We arrive 2 hours later than we thought due to crazy traffic. Front desk said they have no non-smoking rooms for us, only one bed each and the rooms are not connecting. Also on different floors from our 3rd room we called in. After complaining about the mess. The supervisor came and he was even worst. Said he cannot guarantee my request because of the time I arrive there. Their policy is always first come first serve. If so I do not know why I was ask so many questions about what kind of preference I want in a room?!? I said I have babies with me and must have a non-smoking room. His comments was "I can't give you what I do not have. You do know you're in a casino smoking or non-smoking will most likely be the same". WTH!! I receive no apologies and no accommodation to offset this frustration at all. On top of that I waited until 2am for them to deliver my fridge that's going to be charge $15 per night. My family member talked to a gentlemen who was complaining about the front desk staff and them putting him in a handicap room. He went to complain and they switch him up for a suite. And yet they cannot even do anything for me when I have young kids and elderly with me!!!!!!! What kind of hotel that allow heartless supervisors to run this place. One of my son had a stuffy nose from inhaling the bad smell in the room and feeling sick all weekend and not enjoying the weekend at all. If only I didn't know about the gentlemen and if only they would be more apologetic about this I would just let it go and not write anything about them. But the front desk supervisor sound so proud when he talk about their policy and make me feel stupid. To find a man getting what he want after complaining about getting a handicap room which he does not like the shower and he gets upgraded to a suite! Ridiculous!!!!!!!!I will never return here ever again.
3	Stayed here 9/11/13 - 9/16/13. Not our first time in Vegas but 1 st time staying here. We arrived about 2:30 pm shuttle drops you off across street do to construction but was not a bad walk maybe a block in a half. Long lines at check in but I'm a platinum member so you skip the long lines the girl checking us in was very polite and was smiling and very quick and we were on our way to room.Our room one of our keys worked when we got there one did not. Room was great on    the 26th floor had a view of the strip. Room was very clean bed super comfy. tv in bathroom mirror . It was the room we booked :) had a fridge and coffee maker. shower was awesome great water pressure and got very hot. had maid service everyday and they did a great job always left clean towels cleaned roomed  etc. there was construction on that side of building but they were not out there late or real early and not on Sunday. had no problems with that. Walls are thin though could hear the people next door they had there music loud first night but hey it's Vegas ...lol. So keys after unpacking we went back down to desk and did not have to wait in line and very nice girl gave us two new keys and they both worked through out rest of stay.Now the elevators OMG  they are old and scary the creaked and shook and made load noises. they also we slow had to wait pretty long for them. the one time going down to casino from our floor one opened we got in it started to beep real loud and would not move and doors would not open back up was totally scared finally doors opened we rushed out and waited for another one. So Flamingo Please Please fix these worn out elevators. Casino we stayed here for two reason I'm a Big Jimmy Buffett fan so Margaritaville  and casino are here and center strip. We always love Margaritaville and there casino. The flamingo casino is very confusing layout. The restaurants we ate at Paradise Cafe food was good and service was good. food court ok for a fast bite although Johnny  Rockets staff did not seem  to know what they were doing. Paradise Buffet was good lots of food was very good.So would we stay here again .........no we like to stay at different places every time we come to Vegas.
2	The place is very old, we got a suite and it's huge, but very old, carpet damaged, stained, shower is awful, bathroom is very old, scratches and all. Bed is ok, one TV must be 20 years old, I heated they are remodeling, but not sure when. They need capital. So 70's. The pool area is awesome though, lovely and lively. Looks good, live DJ..
4	Stayed here Sept 20-23, 2013. Had 2 GO rooms and a Neapolitan suite. All rooms were clean. Everything we expected. Perfectly fine. Would stay again. Construction next door as they tear down Bills. A bit annoying visually but didn't hear it in the rooms and the pool wasn't dusty. The casino is a bit older, but here it passes for legitimate old-school charm because the hotel is so legendary. I'm a bit disappointed with the Total Rewards program but all in all it was a good stay.
1	The 1 star represents my surprise at how clean the hotel was. The lack of the other 4 stars represent the poor customer service I received while staying there. After gambling all night in their casino. I woke up at 8:30 to the sound of the house keeping staff entering my room. After being so rudely intruded upon while lying there in my chones, I called the front desk and immediately checked out. Never again will I be taken advantage of by someone sneaking into my room early in the morning, to find them doing something they shouldn't be doing. Caesars, T.I., Mandalay, Wynn, Cosmo, and Aria will only get my business from now on.
1	I will start this by saying, this was a comped room. If it wasn't, I would have been pissed. I got a "go" room I believe (the one without all the tech stuff) and they def just threw lipstick on a pig to call it a new room. When they wall papered they got glue all over the ceilings, there were black marks on the ceiling from when the moved furniture around, the bathroom was run down as hell. Part of the faucet was rotted off, mold all over the edge of the tiles, etc. One disappointing thing was that we had a strip view, but the windows look like they've never been cleaned so the view was fogged by dirt. Our TV remote, phone and clock didn't work. The cleaning staff was subpar at best. When we got there there was some plastic thing on the floor in the middle of the room. I left it to see if they ever cleaned it, nope. Stayed in the same place for an entire week. We were always missing something in the bathroom until the last day. It was either face cloths, towels, hand towels, etc.. The main issue was the noise. This place was like a frat house. At all hours of the night, EVERY NIGHT, drunk kids were running up and down the halls screaming and banging on all the doors. We had hoped to use the pool area to read and relax, they was a short lived thought. They have a LOUD DJ playing all day. This place has great potential, but it seems its all half assed and catering to drunk kids. Oh well. It was worth a shot.
4	Boyfriend and I stayed one night in one of their remodeled rooms with a view of the Bellagio fountains to our left and Caesar's Palace directly before us. The floors were made of a wood-like material (it had an interesting texture to it, so I'm hesitant to call it wood, but I don't know what else it could be).However, beware jumping onto the couch over by the window in glee because of the view -- due to the floors, when I landed on the couch, I made it slide until it hit the window (gently enough, but I was scared witless because I honestly thought I was going to break the window and fall out, couch and all).The beds are comfy, the bathroom is nice. It was an overall pleasant experience to stay here. The concierge was really slow about getting us checked in (even though we arrived pretty damn close to 1AM), so we went straight to the express check-in kiosk instead. Much easier and faster. I highly recommend this option instead of standing in line (unless you have a special request that needs to be conveyed to staff).
1	This hotel is TERRIBLE!  It's under construction and it's a mess to even enter. My room was new, but the bathroom was original & bad!  I couldn't turn the shower on, the handle was broken,  so I called the desk at 10am for someone to fix it. At 5pm I still hadn't taken a shower because NO ONE CAME UP TO FIX IT!  When I checked out I asked for them to take $ off. The desk mgr Sara was rude & snotty!!!!  She took $35 off. Whoohoo!  $35!  She wouldn't even take the $20 resort fee off. Her explanation was..." EVERYONE PAYS THE RESORT FEE!"  Do not go there!  Go to THE RIO!!!!  And the Rio I hear has a great buffet!  Or ANYWHERE ELSE but THERE!!!!  I wouldn't even give it one star but I couldn't post this w/o a star!
1	I've stayed at the Flamingo a handful of times over the last ten years.  Last time I stayed I swore I wouldn't be back because it was so dilapidated.  Well, they were advertising their remodeled rooms at a great rate so I thought it was time to give them another chance....HUGE mistake!!!  The room itself was remodeled..which meant they threw down cheap laminate floors and used white sheets over a nasty old hotel blanket as a quilt and a faux fur pink thing at the foot of the bed.  Our feet were filthy after walking in our room for a few minutes which means they don't get cleaned.  The bedsheets had holes and the pink faux fur was nasty dirty. Now the bathroom...It had not been remodeled...ok no biggie...but there's no excuse for mold in the shower, pealing paint on the door, rust on the sconces and dust caked on the vent.  Additionally, the parking structure is the filthiest place I've ever been in.  There's constuction next door through the night.  This means jackhammering at 4a.m.  Clearly it was a horrible experience.  We checked out a day early to escape the hotel from hell.
2	I have to say, this hotel has been nothing but disappointing, and we still have three nights to go. We came to Vegas for a wedding and stayed here as the bride had booked a block of rooms. The only plus thus far is that it's pretty central within the strip. Thus far: Parking is a nightmare. There is construction going on where the usual entrance would be and the only signage is a tiny sign hidden behind trees letting you know to make a U-turn and go around back. Then, the elevators from the parking garage to the lobby are disgusting. They look like death. Not to mention, parts are missing - as in, you look up, you can see the cables. Super re-assuring.Check in: We arrived at 11pm on a Wednesday. We were waiting 30+ minutes to check in! I would have to imagine they're used to crowds, they should really have more than 4 people checking people in. Yowza. Room: The room (if you get an updated one) is fine. It's big (we had two queens, standard room). Problems: The bathroom vent fan filter was absolutely filthy. Dust everywhere. The toilet and the shower ran - constant noise. Both the lights in the room didn't work. Walls are very thin, you can hear everyone and everything in the halls and next door. Also, ask if you are going to face the pool area - music blasts until about midnight (Which I don't mind so much, but you'll want to know). The beds, I will say, are super comfortable. No complaints there.We ordered room service - a 'movie package' which included 'large popcorn, Red Vines, two sodas and two bottles of water" - $25.00. When I called to order the lady put me on hold three times and finally said "I'll call you back" because apparently this was a new menu item and she couldn't find it. When she did call back, I had to remind her about the sodas. What arrived (45 minutes later): Two bags of microwave popcorn (half popped), 4 Red Vines, two glasses of water, and two mini-bottles of soda. Excellent. Overall, I'm not impressed at all. I love the history of this place, and its location, but it's so not compensating for the rest of the mess.
1	There are good points and bad points about the Flamingo.  I will list the good points:Location: this is on the center strip, which is close to a lot of other hotels (for shows, conferences)Margaritaville: A nice restaurant with an upper deck viewThe garden: The garden has Flamingoes and is very peacefulThe staff: very nice, politeCons: This hotel reeks of smoke, everywhere,  I used to smoke, so I understand and am not condemning. But when you ask for a non-smoking room, it should not smell like someone has nuck into your room and is hiding to smoke a cigarette. This resulted in a miserable stay (allergies). If you are catching an airport shuttle in, you will have to walk a block with your baggage to the hotel, back entrance, There was a roach near the ice machine--but this may be secondary to the fact that someone dumped a salad on the floor, and it sat there for two days--after all, natural selection dictates that you need to do what you can to survive--and this roach was doing what he could to get to that salad.When the room was booked, I booked a room with a refrigerator, and was provided with a styrofoam cooler. There was a leak, in the first room . This leak was coming through the light fixture in the bathroom. This was due to a problem with something upstairs. The room was put out of order which meant that baggage and belongings had to be carried to another room.
4	****Fun, reminded me of Spring Break in College!****Went here for my birthday and had a blast. Check in was at 4pm and I got there a few minutes before, had to wait almost 30mins to get checked in. If you print your reservation and bring it with you, you are able to check in at the "speedy check-in" so I advise that you do this or else you will end up waiting forever like me. The room was very clean, pretty basic. Wood floors, nice decor, big window, cable. The bathroom needs to be updated, but it was clean to say the least. There was plenty to do, we went to the pool and they had a DJ, tons of people, really good music. There was a bar there called carlos and Charlie's and it had Mexican food there and it was fun, ppl dancing on the bars and free shots, good place to get daytime wasted. There was a pizza place located by the elevators to our rooms and when I came walking in drunk at 3am it was still open and sooo good. Located right in the middle of the strip, easy to get to the other casinos and night clubs. Only complaints was that the resort fee was $20 a night! no thank you!
2	Not a fan...my husband and I took our first trip away from our daughter with friends. We picked this hotel because all our friends were staying there, from the website we were under the impression that the hotel was recently remodeled. If by remodeled you mean 1980's style bathrooms-tub and sink draining-optional, by heating and A/C, be prepared to heat the hall, not your room, if you like arctic temps, A/C will be right up your alley.... Cold? Too damn bad.....only sheets provided. But I must say the upside was the staff-minus those annoying Windham reps-R-U-D-E (well most of them). I definitely wouldn't recommend this resort  to friend and family. Time to step it up....
2	Not great service, not great rooms.  Crowded, loud...wouldn't recommend.
3	I've been told the flamingo was recently renovated, and it showed in the rooms. The floors were nice, the beds comfortable, and the view of Vegas was probably the best part. I didn't visit the casino much, but it didn't seem like anything special. There were a few annoying things during our stay. They would only give us two room keys for four people, and coordinating between people with different agendas can be frustrating. We requested extra blankets for our room, and were told there were none available. That seems slightly ridiculous for a hotel of this size.
3	Mostly swell but some at front desk (ahem, "Terri") should be banned from hotel employment. Room fine; nonsmoking did not have smoke; cool pool (but zillions of people much of the time); grounds in rear nice. Chapel should be considered if marrying - not great, but somewhat private-ish and serene.Business center internet 100% nonfunctional and customer service phone there was out of order.  No personnel to help, possibly on entire floor. Found a janitor to give me a number for business center support, and it said for me to sit there for 45 mins. to 2 hours when an outside contractor could be located and sent. I asked "Terri" at front desk, what can they do for me, and while I secretly hoped I'd get $20 gambling credit while I waited, I was shocked that she blasted *me* for the Flamingo Las Vegas's ineptness. Unbelievable. If you saw it you'd be shocked too (as were patrons waiting in line as I passed them).She wasn't the only unfriendly, unprofessional front desk person. And in case you think this is a whine, read my stock. I praise and reward good service, am neutral for average, and believe me, three at their front desk (mostly "Terri") should be banned from all forms of customer service employment. Though that's a fictional request, they truly are that bad.I also asked a random customer at the pay-slot internet kiosk near tower elevators if that worked. She said she burned $20, still was trying to get it to print a flight boarding pass, and that the front desk said they weren't responsible.P. S. the front desk queue design is horrid anyway. Lots of dead time with no one in front of queue going up until an agent comes over and yells NEXT! (And they have to, it's so noisy)But a cool pool, nice room (cool curtain control!), card key success rate 100% on one card and 0% on other (one more wait in front desk line!!), room safe small but practical. Monorail access very easy.Their version of the fascist "Las Vegas resort fee" was $20 in September 2013. And city planners still hate cab drivers and riders, because the cab lines on the strip were stupidly atrocious, and at the airport on a weekday morning, insane. Come on, Vegas. You have people waiting in line to buy a product, and lines of suppliers wanting to provide it. What's the problem?!
1	Gross!So, I labored over picking the right hotel for my three day mini vacation to sin city. My top requirements were a clean room, a pool with slides, and a hotel located on the strip. All of my searches for the best pools in Vegas came up with Mandalay Bay and Flamingo. The Flamingo is a classic and it boasted newly remodeled rooms and was significantly cheaper than Mandalay Bay.As my title says, this room was gross! The first night I went to pull the sheets down, and I am not lying here, there was a used band aid in the BED!!! I called guest services and they sent a maid up immediately and changed all of the bedding and cleaned the room thoroughly. I should have upgraded or checked out right then. Because it only goes downhill from there...The bed was hard as a rock. There was mildew in the bathroom. The TV was tiny and was so dim, it was unwatchable. The wallpaper was tearing. The furniture was scratched up. The sink fixtures were rusting. The ventilation ducts were filthy! Where in the heck was the Re-model? The carpet and Flamingo picture on the wall? Seriously? This "remodel" looks worse than Motel 6's remodel down the street that I stayed at last year because there were no other rooms available in the city.If that wasn't bad enough, I find out that same evening that The Flamingo charged me $239 for the room. The problem is that I already prepaid for the entire vacation a month ago. I went to the front desk and asked why I was double charged and was told "that just happens sometimes." Really? Well, that's a huge problem! That should never happen. Since I used a debit card, it took two days for that money to go back to my account. Sadly, for the Flamingo, I could have been gambling with that money in their casino, but I avoided their casino after that on purpose.I also was pretty disappointed that I had to walk so far for the shuttle drop off from the airport due to their construction. Where are the bellboys? I toted luggage so far from the lobby that it was ridiculous!The first two days the weather was bad. It was cold and drizzling. So, I understand that the pool was closed. However, on the third day of my stay, it had warmed up nicely. The main adult pool was open and going strong with gambling poolside and alcohol sales in full swing. Unfortunately, the water slide area was not open. Why not? It was hot enough and there were tons of people.I just lived with it all, since I was out of the room most of the time and I was to check out the next day. I did stop by the front desk and informed a Supervisor of all of these issues, and he apologized emphatically. He offered to credit me back two days worth of "resort fees." This is a pittance. I very politely asked for the hotel manager's card and forwarded this to her as well. I am certain that the Caesar's company can do much better than two days of resort fees compensation.As of this review, the Hotel Manager has credited me back with the third day of resort fees and offered a free upgrade from a standard room to a "Go" room on my next visit. This is the difference between a regular (crappy) room to a fully renovated room. I do appreciate her efforts in what she has done, however, I think it is not above Caesar's Corporation to comp three days of a future visit IN FULL, in one of the fully renovated rooms or at another property of theirs.
4	My husband and I go to Vegas 2 or 3 times per year and always stay at the Flamingo.  We love the location, the food and the customer service we receive in the VIP area; especially from our Hospitality Host - Alejando Zepeda.  This was the first time we have had issues with the room we were initially placed in, and after a call to Alex all was resolved by the next day; he is the best!  We also enjoy the bartenders at the Flamingo - have been seeing the same faces (some for years now) and always enjoy their service, personalities, and stories.  Granted the Flamingo is "tired" and a bit dated, but it is centrally located and affordable.  As we don't get into clubbing or shopping while in LV, we probably won't appreciate the Linq as much as some.  We go to LV to gamble and hope it doesn't turn into the "shopping mecca" and much as the "gambling mecca" we enjoy!  I can shop at home - not on my list of priorities for Vegas!
3	I can only give this place three stars due to location and that's it. It took an incredibly long time to check in.  There was construction next to the building. The room was clean but sound traveled terribly throughout the floor.  The maid never came to clean our room after the first night. The courtyard with the flamingos was the nicest thing about the casino.  Needs to be updated more and what is the fascination with Donnie and Marie?  I will never get it or stay there again. If you want cheap and quick access to the strip there are other, better places.
4	This is a way late review but it seems when I look for reviews for any Las Vegas hotel that isn't the Bellagio or Venetian they are always really bad.  Well, I stayed here last November because my (now) husband and I decided to elope in Vegas and wanted to do it on the cheap.  Honestly, we chose the Flamingo solely because it was, at one, time Bugsy Seigel's hotel so we thought that was kitschy.  Our room was clean and cute.  Not much of a view but when I'm in Vegas I'm not really there to hang out in my room and stare out a window.  I was so bummed the pools were closed but the garden area was still nicely manicured and a pleasant spot to hang out.  The location is awesome.  Checking in and out was fast and the staff were friendly.  I got my hair done in the salon in the lobby and the girl was awesome.  The folks running the gambling were nice, too.  No, it's certainly not fancy or anything but I guess I'm the only one who went in knowing that.  I liked it and would possibly stay again.  i'm leaving tomorrow to go back to Vegas for our one year anniversary.  We're staying at the Paris this time.  That got a lot of bad reviews, too, so I guess we'll just have to see.
2	First impression: Road/parking lot under construction. The parking structure has limited spaces (many ppl can't even find a space, we were lucky tho) and far away from hotel lobby. Valet line was a long wait too and often full. Check in line was long and moving very slow. Front desk staffs unfriendly. Room was newly renovated, pretty nice, but the habitat tower was very far away from lobby and not luggage friendly, I have to go thru stairs couple times which was very troublesome. Despite all this, I was still excited to live in flamingo cuz I was prepared parking would be a problem until....Here is why I gave out a two star rating. When I booked my room thru totalrewards call center, I had a promotion code buy two nights and get one night free. The receptionist told me if I don't use the promotion code, they are offering me free helicopter rides. I was pretty skeptical and asked "Really? Free helicopter rides around the strip for one or two? Cuz we have a total of two ppl stay in the hotel room." The receptionist asked me to hold and she came back to me saying they will give me two helicopter VOUCHERS at the front desk when I checked in. I was so excited and thinking it is a great deal. However, when I got to the hotel, checked in and they have me a COUPON for the helicopter rides which is buy one get one free. My local friend told me the helicopter prices on the coupon are more expensive than what they can get me. I asked the front desk about the VOUCHER totalrewards told me about over the phone. A lady at the mails and keys gave me attitudes and funny faces while she looked up on her computers, she even gave me silent treatment when I asked her questions. And I told her it's fine I don't get the helicopter rides but I want my buy two get one free promotion code applied to my bills. She said she can't do anything and brushed me off. I only spoke to her 5-10 sentences and she made me wait and looked at her computer for over 20 minutes before brushed me off. I am like, if you can't do anything about it, it's fine but don't give me attitudes and hold me there with your funny faces and not solving any problems. I don't even blame the call center receptionist for wrong information but the mail and key staff made me really angry.
2	I stayed here for a convention. Nice location but very run down. I had to upgrade after one night because the room was so dirty. My "view" room was awful, the Donny and Marie sign on the windows obstructed the view to the point that it wasn't enjoyable. Had to spend an extra $30 for the view and a coffee maker.
4	My husband & I went to Las Vegas on our honeymoon last month. We chose to stay at the Flamingo because we liked the idea of staying at the hotel & casino that has more history than any other in the city. Also, we wanted to have a great time but cost was definitely a factor & something we had to be somewhat conscious of while on this trip. We did some research on the more affordable options, including Circus Circus, the Stratosphere, etc. I am so grateful we chose the Flamingo. It is nicer than those mentioned above & several other older hotels. One of my favorite things about the Flamingo is the location. It is centered in the heart of the strip, next to Bally's, the Paris & Harrah's... across from the Bellagio, Caesar's Palace & the Mirage... not far from the Palazzo, the Venetian or anywhere else you could possibly want to go. Honestly, I thought the hotel was pretty nice. There are nicer, newer, flashier hotels on the strip, for sure, but the Flamingo is certainly nicer than your average hotel. I love the flamingo's, storks & other birds that guests can take a gander at. The pool was very nice also! It was very tropical & we thoroughly enjoyed our time by the poolside. The view from our room was nice too. It overlooked the Flamingo Habitat, the chapel where we were able to see several weddings taking place (from a distance, of course), and the pool. I hope they continue their renovations because, while the hotel isn't getting any younger, it still has the potential to be something great. However, nothing was a big enough issue to take away from our time there. I was also very appreciative of the little cafe right outside the elevators when morning would roll around! Our experience with the staff was only so so. We dealt with three front desk employees: one older gentleman had to assist us with our keys when one would not open the door & was very polite. The man who checked us into our room was alright. He definitely wasn't anything special in regards to customer service but I wouldn't call him "rude." He offered to "upgrade" us, which sounded all well & good at the time. The "upgrade" took us out of one of the remodeled rooms & put us in a "suite" that was very dated with old curtains & furniture. It was also the furthest room on the floor from the elevator... literally. I really did not mind our room, though. It was clean & nice but I feel like I was tricked into staying in a room that was not as nice as the room we booked. We also had an encounter with one woman who was incredibly rude. I wish I would remember what her name was because she is terrible at her job. Also, I know Donnie & Marie's gig is their big seller, but they have this enormous billboard promoting the show directly on top of one of the hotel's flashiest signs. It really takes away from the awe factor when the strip lights up. They would be smart to move it. One of my biggest complaints is the hotel imposed fee. I know people complain about them all the time & the hotels in Las Vegas just don't care. Its a ridiculous fee to begin with, but what's worse is, the internet in our room was a joke! It was so slow. Fortunately, we did not spend much time worried about the internet.Overall, I had a wonderful experience at the hotel. They should have some staff meetings about customer service but other than that, I would recommend the Flamingo to people.
1	If I could give Flamingo a Negative Star I would. I have been in a lot of Hotels and this one is One of the WORST!!!First off I booked a King Bed for 3 nights. When checking in I was told no King Bed for me. Yea Im 6'5 i need a king bed! She up graded us to a better room??? WOW this room was NASTY!!!! First NightFloor 6, carpet looked like a run down motel 6 at best. The carpet was half pulled up with lumps all the way down the LOOOONG hallway to room. Carpet so unsafe!!! Girlfriend opened up bed and fell over with ALL the black hair found. Looks like chest hair in bed. Was bed sheets even changed??? Had to get clean sheets from cleaning ladys cart and changed sheets ourselves. Bathroom tub black mold all around tub. Bathroom cabinet water damage because the wood and paint was flaking off the sides. Heater did not work! Linoleum floor was dirty at best.     Second Day they moved us to a KING BED YEAH!!!!  Floor 10, the carpet was the same as Floor 6, Very Dangerous! It was so lumpy it looked like someone pulled it up and just laid it back down. Not Stretched tight, loose and just bad, dirty. Room was the same with Linoleum floors, Old Bathroom and again Heater did not work. Never above 68 degrees in room. Called about heater and never recieved a call back or a maintenance person. Not fixed.     Third day we left for MGM and we will NEVER go to the DIVE Flamingo again. BEWARE FLAMINGO was NASTY!!!!   I would stay Downtown before I stayed at the Flamingo
2	Stayed here for three night on a busineess trip.....FIRST beware they charge a $20 per day resort fee for NOTHING.................This hotel is not worth a resport fee...its run down and worn out................great location .......close to other nice casinos.....do not overpay for this hotel..............it not worth it.......................Add $20 a day to the room rate....................rooms are average...........nothing special.............if you do stay here ask for a room close to the elevator and low floors.....if not you may be walking a lot.Check out the Quad next store...........its a new and clean hotel and casino,,,,,,,,,,,and I think low cost...............anything is better than flamingo...........the flamingo charges for wyfi.....
2	Slow check in, barely warm shower, poor attempt at modern design makeover, dated infrastructure, dirty rooms, poor selection of restaurants. + Good location, on the monorail line.Would I stay here again? No
2	The Poker Bar bartender has as much personality as a wet mop. Good heavens! Won't be staying here long....
3	The Flamingo is, in my opinion,  the last remaining "old school" casino in Vegas. I can picture some dude named Vinny, who may or may not have some nebulous mob ties, sitting behind thick glass counting money, screaming for a cannoli, wearing a luxurious coat of chest hair and sporting a diamond encrusted pinky ring. Initially, i thought i was being a little racist, but then I met Vinny, our pit boss, and I didn't feel quite so racist anymore. The casino does exude that old school charm, though. Perhaps some of that charm is attributable to the fact that parts of the hotel just seem...old. Besides the casino, I would assume that most of the hotel has not been remodeled in a while, or if it has been remolded, someone did  a poor job. But, the good thing about the hotel is that it doesn't share most of the newer hotel's modern decorating flair. There is no worse fad for a fat guy then modern decorating. Yea, the super slim all leather chair/ottoman hybrid is cool...unless you're bigger than a tiny child. Then the seat gets up when you get up, which is decidedly not cool. Also, the price reflects the older status of the hotel, so you can save a few duckets if you're trying to do Vegas on a budget.Check-in can be a hassle depending on how you choose to do it. We used a debit card, so we had to pay in advance, and give credit/debit cards for everyone in he room.   The rooms themselves are nothing spectacular. You'll find the bare essentials inside. The cable has a propensity to go out, so in the strange case you come to Vegas to only watch movies, you may be out of luck. While we were there, some guy doing construction across the way severed a power line and the whole hotel was out of power. The issue was not the hotel's fault and was resolved quickly, though. If you plan on going to Vegas and don't mind a slightly older hotel, perhaps you should give the Flamingo a try.
2	Just say NO! The rooms were fine except for the construction 24 hours a day outside. The price was fine except the hidden #20 a day 'resort fee' magically tacked on at the end of our stay. The pool was fine, or at least it may have been had it been open, hell they told us on the phone it was! The wait in line to check in was fine except the for all the tourists. The $9 well drinks and $7 domestic beers were fine as long as you got them free at the tables and not the terrible bars. The showers were fine except the leaking fixtures and sandpaper towels. The whole experience was just fine, except that it wasn't and I would not recommend anyone ruining their Vegas trip with this crap hotel. Oh, and fuck your $20 bagel + $3 room service fee + $14 WIFI charge.
4	I definitely would stay at the flamingo if you're going for just a quick trip to Vegas! It's right in the middle of the strip! You get for what you pay for so don't expect rooms like Caesars palace! Haha the entrance to the parking was closed so we had to grow through the back!
4	We upgraded our room and was well worth it. On the weekends it's super busy so the elevators seem very packed and take forever but I bet thats almost everywhere.
1	True Story:  this happened just 2 days ago so its still fresh in my head.  I reserved a room at the Flamingo thru Expedia for Mon Nov 18th.  I arrived around 11pm in my car, and had 2 large suitcases with me.  I needed to valet my car and receive bell service for my luggage.  Well, I received neither since the valet parking lane was jammed with cars that appeared to be parked there permanently, and there was no valet in sight.  Hmmm.  No bell captain either, so I end up parking in the garage and lugging my stuff to the not-so-close reception desk. And there waiting for me was a really long check-in line.  I tried to avoid the line by using a kiosk to check in (nobody else was using them, btw) but it only offered "non-smoking" rooms.  This was unacceptable to me because I am a heavy smoker and offer no apologies for my personal habits.  (I also pay a zillion percent in tobacco and "sin taxes" too, so next time you see a smoker give him/her a big ole smooch because YOUR taxes and cost of living would be higher without the zillions of dollars us smokers pay in taxes each year.  Remember that.)Moving On: with no luck at the kiosk, I'm back in that dreadful looking line.  And it was every bit as painful as it looked.  Worse yet, there was a separate VIP line for next-in-line service for their VIP players, which made us poor wretches feel evern more miserable watching high-faluting people take cuts in front of us.  Simply stated, the line sucked out any joy and happiness from us new arrivers and made us all quite miserable.  After FORTY FIVE minutes of this pain and suffering, I finally make it to the desk, only to be informed that their entire tower which offers smoking rooms was being closed for renovation and they had NO smoking rooms available of any kind.   W-o-W.  Seriously?  I then advised the clerk that I needed either A). a smoking room or B). the manager because I was cancelling my reservation.  Let's Be Fair Here;  the manager was calm, cool and collected and assured me that they were cancelling my reservation with a full refund for being unable to accommodate my needs.  My call to Expedia 10 minutes later confirmed that and I have since received a full refund.  So at least I didn't get jerked around on my refund. BUT I had a simply miserable experience at the Flamingo -- and worst of all, as I'm driving away it's midnight in Vegas and I didn't have a reservation anywhere (look out, Motel 6!).  Instead, I had an Expedia app which steered me towards the Gold Coast and my experiece at the GC was a complete 180 and they totally saved my night.  Feel free to read my review on that experience as well.  As for the Flamingo.....NEVER again.
1	Vile, Filthy, Rude Staff. I checked In and OUT:I saw THREE disgusting rooms then checked OUT.1) The slowest hotel check in on the planet because EVERYONE WAS COMPLAINING ABOUT SOMETHING.  I almost left, but I had already pre-booked via Hotels.com and I was tired.2) RUDE staff woman checked me.  I asked a few questions about bell service and SHE DID NOT ANSWER me, just threw a card at me and said "here's what your resort fee includes."  Wow. I explained I was in Vegas solo, strictly for a business conference. I just wanted a fairly quiet room-didn't care about beds. She so graciously found an ADJOINING SUITE room.  OMG. I was in the room 5 minutes and thank God the people next store walked in right away.  I could hear them BREATHING. It was like they were in the same room with me!  RIDICULOUS.3) I phoned the front desk stayed on hold for 10 minutes. They said they found me another room.  This room was FILTHY DIRTY. I have pictures to prove. * Sex "Protein" stains on the ugly duvet on the beds. * Pubic hairs ALL OVER THE SINK* Filthy, barely rinsed UNSANITIZED, filthy glasses on the sink.* Sink counter was FILTHY.  Floors were FILTHY.So what did I do?  I called bell service and went BACK downstairs walking through the halls on the vile NASTY, filthy carpet that is THROUGHOUT the ENTIRE HOTEL.  4) I agreed to try one more room. THE THIRD ROOM: The "manager" said she would send up maid service to confirm the cleanliness.  I got to the room.  And CHECK OUT THIS PHOTO: IT WAS OCCUPIED!!!  SOMEONE'S BAGS WERE IN THERE!  I HAD A KEY TO ANOTHER GUEST'S ROOM and walked in!!  There's ONE FOR HOTEL SECURITY ala  Flamingo. UNBELIEVABLE!!  Phoned Bell boy #3 and went to the front desk. The hotel wouldn't give my money back.  Said I had to go through hotels.com, which was A LIE as Hotels.com reached them and the Flamingo hotel told Hotels.com that they would not return my charges.  I told Hotels.com CHARGEBACK on my Visa card was coming. So, Hotels.com obliged and returned my charges.Through my entire ordeal, the hotel was UNAPOLOGETIC and just acted like they had heard ALL OF MY COMPLAINTS before.  As a matter of fact the THREE Bell Boys I had during this, CONFIRMED THE problems I expressed!! The departure::: was that I had to INSIST and ask THREE different people at front desk to get me a folio that showed ZERO was charged to my credit card because the GUEST IN MY ROOM, could have ordered up a bottle of SCOTCH and it would have been CHARGED TO ME!!! SHADY.  NASTY. FILTHY. DO NOT STAY HERE. I am also reporting this to the appropriate Las Vegas commissions as well.  Oh, final note:  One of the bell boys told me there was a BOMB SCARE onsite that day. Gee. Wonder why?
2	I've been coming to the Flamingo for over 10 years and the Go rooms are really cool!  The pool areas "open to the public" club philosophy has got to change!  Were staying here and can't even find a couple of lounge chairs!? Were carded for an 18+ pool and were 35.  Give me an effin break!  It's fun here but not classy!
1	Usually when we go to Vegas we always stay at different hotels but decided since we hasn't been to the Flamingo in 10 yrs perhaps we would have a better experience since the last time we stayed there. Our toddler found pills on the floor & ate them thinking they were candy. We spent most of the night with the fire department in our room. The hotel said they would comp our room but forgot when we checked out. Figures. Anyway, love the new stores, food court and love the pools as they are great! Pool for toddlers, another for kids and more for the adults. But they're not open in the pouring rain. Didn't discourage us as it was expected. Next...staff was absolutely wonderful!! On the way to our rooms, I noticed it's the same carpet from our last stay! Don't wear heals if your don't want to fall flat on your face! I was ok though...moving on. Get into our rooms and noticed they cleaned up the rooms nice but not the bathroom. This is when it went down hill. Pillows suck as they were cheap & only sheets for bedding. Beds are firm and not very comfortable. No fridge, no coffee pot...no nothing. For the price they charge, I was really expecting a whole lot more. We stayed at the condos in the Palms and had a suite for the same price. Go stay there.
2	Our room stinks, the sink clogs, the elevators are trashed, but the view is amazing. When we got here there is construction....they should of told us this before coming. We drove around for half and hour.and then walked ten minutes to get to the hotel. I think they put us in a pet friendly room.
2	Okay a little better this time around. I understand that Harrahs Entertainment can't do construction on every place but some things can be done to improve the existing conditions. The customer service was way better than last year. The room was old looking but ok. They ruin the view with the screen tape they put on the windows. Needs: carpeting in hallways in towers, elevators to be cleaned, and a better sportsbook area. Most of the dealers are decent however there are a few exceptions. One person that will be unnamed in the poker room is a moron. He needs to be put on the Keno machine. The dealers are very diverse which I enjoy and appreciate. On the main floor during the 8pm-4am shift are Mikaela from Bulgaria-she is excellent and fun when she deals 3 card poker. There is also Lissethe from Nicaragua-she is my all time favorite dealer. I wish she dealt at a Harrahs property closer to Chicago.
5	Wifey and I love the Flamingo " Old School" we hope they never change !! Very kicked back not like the stuffy Cosmo where all the hipsters hang out and try and out dress each other!! Went to X burlesque show with the wife .. Good show !! Had room service and spent very lil time in room !! Just to HANGOUT and get a few winks in between gambling and partying !! Loyal Flamingo Fans !! From the Central Coast Of Cali luv it!!
3	Buyer Beware!!  I was frustrated with the Flamingo Hotel because when I checked in they said there was a mandatory resort fee of $19+ per day.  It was not on the Flamingo website or at least not easily found despite what then night manager insisted.  Further I had called the Flamingo hotel before making my reservation with  because I noticed some Las Vegas hotels such as Mandalay Bay require it.  I was told it wasn't required..  The staff otherwise was great and the hotel room was clean  and comfortable
2	We get to Vegas about every 2-3 years and enjoy staying at different hotels. We thought since Flamingo claimed to have renovated rooms it would be fun to stay there. HUGE mistake. We had a Go Deluxe room for $40, not worth it. The room was large size and seemed to be renovated (paint, wallpaper, and new mattress). No carpet, that's great, but seriously vinyl flooring? The furniture was lacking, one "desk" (which was really just a tallish small table) that was scarred/gouged, 1 chair and a cheap chaise lounge that the bottom covering was coming off of, and a dresser. The bathroom has definitely never been renovated, the bathroom sink had come loose from the counter, there was nothing to keep you from slipping in the shower, and water pressure was quite low. The walls are incredibly thin, I could hear the guy in the bathroom next door peeing. The carpet in the hallway was bunched, I tripped several times (and I was quite sober). I think the elevators are original, they are noisy and a little scary. We made the mistake of driving out to Ethel's Chocolates to see the Xmas display. That was wonderful, however, when we came back there was NO parking in the garage at all. After driving through 3x we finally decided to valet park, whoa, valet parking full. No self parking, no valet parking, now what. We finally found an overflow parking lot way behind the hotel. The other issue is the timeshare sellers that lurk near the elevators. When I tell someone no I'm not interested, then leave me alone, don't keep pushing your product on me, I'm liable to let the Irish Bitch loose on you. There were a few goods during our stay - room size, no carpet in room, floor to ceiling windows, all staff encounters positive. Everyone was super friendly, when the "boys" next door decided to party hearty and we called the front desk, security responded promptly and handled the issue. We ate lunch at Johnny Rocket's one day and that was great. We sat at the counter, Debbie served us. She was so upbeat and friendly and made me the best milkshake I've ever had (Orange Creamsicle), the staff did a dance that was fun to watch. Also Sin City was fun and had a good selection of drinks. Happy hour is 2 for 1, sat at the bar and watched Sunday night football, had a good time. I think next time we'll stay elsewhere and maybe visit Flamingo, but not likely to ever stay there again.
3	Time for a review update....you can read my prior one for more details, but it's been a while since I wrote it and many of the items still apply.  In my opinion, the absolute best time to stay here  is the weekend when Jimmy Buffet plays in Vegas.  He plays Vegas every year at the MGM Grand, but he has a Margaritaville restaurant/bar located at the Flamingo and it's one giant Parrothead party all weekend long.  After we left Vegas 3 yrs ago, we make the annual pilgrimage back to Vegas for this weekend and stay here.  The rooms are cheap and not the best in town, but we are willing to trade off quality for the party atmosphere and not having to go back and forth to another hotel....it's fun!  Besides that, you can take the monorail from the Flamingo to the MGM Grand right at the Arena where he plays....easy access to the concert.We can't wait to go back next year!Return Factor - 90%
1	Asked for a non smoking. They put us on the 15th floor - directly above the smoking rooms. Couldn't breath when we entered the room due to the smoke. Back down to the check in desk. "Oh most people have the same problem with those rooms" I was told after standing in line for 30 minutes. We were put into a room on the 7th floor. They advertise newly remodeled which actually means new wallpaper and furniture. Our bathroom sink is rusting through around the drain, the bath tile has mold in the grout, water pressure is strong until you turn on the shower, then it becomes a trickle and the faucet handle slowly slips from hot to cold. Skip the buffet - I think the furniture and fixtures are older than me and I grew up in the sixties - unless you enjoy cold, tasteless food. Why one star then? The hotel is centrally located.
3	Let's make this short and sweet, shall we?For reference, we stayed in the Go Deluxe Suite. Pros: - Smack dab in the middle of the Strip- Cheap tables (for the Strip)- Affordable rooms- TV inside my bathroom mirror (awesome for getting ready)- That awesome "Flamingo-ey" smell that you can't get anywhere else!- Late night food courtCons:- Rooms are clearly older, including carpet, TV's, lighting, and decor- Elevators are scary as hell. (This coming from a person who takes an elevator every day to get to my apartment)- Valet is so slow. It pained me to tip after waiting 30 minutes to get my car. - Hotel is next door to the Bill's remodel and construction is loud and constant. (Has been going on for about a year and will continue for at least another year)- BLACK HOLE of internet and phone service.After staying at Flamingo, I think in the future I will just come here to gamble rather than to sleep. The hotel is a little too outdated for me and I missed some of the glitz and glam that you get when you stay at places like Palazzo.
1	Here on my honeymoon, it's our 3rd day and I've had no problem with any of the slot machines. I put $10 into a machine and assumed, like all the previous machines I'd played, I could adjust my bet before committing. Pressed it one too many times and tried to start it over to adjust to the amount I'd like to bet and it wouldn't let me. Okay, husband and I assume machine is having an issue. We press the service button and (I can admit, speedily) the attendant arrives. She proceeded to argue with me over the machine and say "THIS one doesn't do that." Finally just agreed with her, even though I explained my ignorance with being new to the machines, and let her take my $5 on principle. The casino I'm sure really couldn't part with $5 to please a customer (heavy sarcasm here). Won't be giving our money to this casino again.
1	What a disaster. On Saturday night of a three day weekend they had two people working the front desk. Needless to say there was an endless line. When it was finally our turn they could not find our reservation and were completely snarky about it. The guy that we spoke to was the front desk manager and was not helpful in any way. He simply told us we could book a room with them for $350 a night. Way too much for this cheesefest of a hotel. Headed to the Monte Carlo and they made us feel very welcome.
3	Get a go-deluxe suite. Um...I paid 105 for thurs-sat. total, 105$. How can I not like this place? Cheap tables, clean rooms. Yeah, its run down, but that's just part of the fabulous Flamingo. I'm glad this place is here. I would stay again. Your dollar will holler at the Flamingo, and its a fun place:)PLUS, My room didnt get robbed like at the Hilton Elara, the worst most unsafe hotel that doesnt give a shit about anyone on the strip.
4	Is it new? No  Is it fancy?  No   Is there anything really special about it?  NoIs it cheap? Yes  Is it in the center of the strip? Yes  Does it have a nice pool, decent restaurants, and a sizable casino? YesSo, if you are looking to have the luxury LV experience, go to Caesar's.  If you feel like you are going to spend all you time out of the room and why waste the money, go to the Flamingo!*The check in/out lines tend to be really long, but they have do-it-yourself computer terminals that are super easy and fast!
1	As far the the check-in process went, it wasn't bad, but  no one was really pleasant. After we were issued our room keys we began what seemed to about a 15 minute walk to our room. Our particular room was the absolute farthest from the elevators, so it was a loooong time. Now on to the room condition!The bathroom tub and floor were dirty, I didn't want to even walk around barefoot or step foot in that tub.We had a broken phone, broken lamp, dirty shower curtain.After seeing how dirty the bathroom was and seeing how our lamp and phone both didn't work, we immediately decided we didn't want to spend a night in this place. I immediately went back the front desk to check out. I explained the condition of the room to a different women at the front counter. She too was rude and unaffected and unapologetic and had to go "see what she could do" in terms of refunding me my money. Horrible service, filthy rooms. Take your money elsewhere where it's appreciated and your room is cleanI ended up getting my $150 refunded and walking down to The Venetian where I was warmly welcomed and given a 30th floor suite for $170.
1	My husband and I got married at The Flamingo on 11/02/13.  Although, we had a wonderful ceremony and reception, we woke up to find that our hotel room had been robbed of ALL of our wedding gifts, cash and gift cards (valued at over $5,000.00).  We are a young newly married couple with 2 small children and were absolutely crushed to find all of our gifts stolen.  We reported the incident to hotel security who didn't help us at all.  They told us it didn't seem logical that our things were stolen.  They also told us that they "were not negligent" in the matter and that they could do nothing for us.  There are no security cameras on the hotel floors and they told us our door hadn't been opened.  So apparently that means all of our gifts vanished into thin air.  We cried for days over the loss and still can't believe there are people who would do this to somebody.  We 100% feel as if this was an "inside job" by hotel employees as they knew we had just gotten married and had a room full of gifts.  Three other hotel guests were also robbed during the weekend and security did not help them either.  Neither I or anybody we know will stay here again as we don't feel safe leaving anything in the rooms here.  Please think about this before booking your stay here!  Our dreams were crushed after our visit.
1	My Best friend and I finally planned a trip to Vegas and decided to stay at the Flamingo. Prices were ok the pictures online looks great so I booked.We arrived and were excited, the lobby was full of people and it look good. Checked in and the guy at the desk was nice and an easy check in he said he was going to charge my card the normal amenities fee that I was aware of roughly 65.00. Got our keys went to the room and at first glance it was small but nice but we looked closer and realized it was dirty and dusty and old the bathroom was tiny and the lights were corroded and the cover to the vanity fell off and it was disgusting, beds were a sheet with a thin looked like it at one time was a fleece blanket with another sheet on top. Before checking out I checked my bank acct and realize they charged me almost 300 dollars that was never discussed so I took it up with the supervisor and would get it back in 5-10 bus. days but that was never talked about or approved. Our allergies were so bad because of all the dust and grime in the room mold on the vanity where the middle door fell off... Ive stayed at Motels that were much cleaner. Walking thru the lobby we overheard a guy talking about switching rooms because there was urine all over the bathroom seat when they arrived at their room it was funny to compare stories. I understand that things tend to get old however when it is just flat out dirty that's when it becomes an issue. Everything was highly disappointing...
2	The casino is clearly in need of an update. It's very old and out of date. The staff was not friendly at all and were pretty rude at the craps tables.
3	Room was nice. The building is too old.  Got room @$98/day (Including tax & resort fee) at Thanksgiving weekend. Free self parking available but took time to find a free spot during peak hours. Have to pay extra for wifi and internet. Customer Service is just okay. And last but not least, they won't pick your call if you try the number which they mentioned in their website (702-***-***). So better not waste your time and phone battery.I would recommend other hotels which you will get by paying an extra $10-20/day, that will be new and has more ambiance.
4	I mean its not some luxury hotel or something but the prices are good, the rooms clean, and they have a fitness center and a nice spa/steam room. This is def the go to place for Las Vegas trips on a budget. It was like $260 for 3 nights for 2 ppl... that's not bad at all. I love that the maids never disturbed us once to clean the room. They cleaned while we were out and about during the day. Our room had a cute view of the strip also which was pleasant. The TV in the bathroom was enjoyable also.If you are coming to Vegas on the cheap, Flamingo is a good place to pick. Also its close to everything so its convenient. I always stay here when I go to see Celine or other performances at Cesar's Palace since its right across the street.
2	I've stayed at the Flamingo 5 times over the past five years ( I have stayed at several other hotels including: Caesars, Excalibur (the worst), and the Golden Nugget AND have been in the rooms at Vadara) and over that 5 year time period, the only thing that has improved is their gaming tables and casino seating. Everything else is in serious need of maintenance and upgrade. The Go rooms are nice, but are already dated. The older rooms have been partially remodeled (lipstick on a pig). After our last visit when a panel of the revolving door to the gardens/pool by the spa elevator fell on my father in law and it took 15 minutes for a staff member to come help him, I won't be back as a hotel guest until they make some changes. I mean, what if that had been a kid using the door??
4	Great hotel for the price!!! Great service and great location.We stayed here 12/9-12/12. The hotel and room were very clean and very nice. We got upgraded to a bigger room with a beautiful view. We had a problem with our card being double charged. We went to the front desk. They explained why and then they called our bank and got everything reversed so we got our money back*Only critique would be they need to add more gambling options and do a little more updating. I would for sure stay here again!!!
1	Worst experience ever! First my wife had to wait for over an hour and a half for valet parking because the hotel self parking was closed for construction. The additional parking was 2-3 blocks away and she didn't feel safe walking with the kids a night past the ghetto area behind the hotel. Then I arrive the next day, only to be told by the front desk that due to security reasons they can't issue me a key. My name is on the account, my ID matches the name and address on the account but since my wife checked in, she can only get a duplicate key. Seriously. How often does a spouse fly into Vegas to meet his family. Probably happens daily. But all they could hide behind was "security reasons." They made no accommodations to my wife's delays checking in or parking or my inconvenience getting into my room. I will never stay here again and am trying to check out today and get into another more reputable hotel tonight for the rest of our stay. Email Guest Services Manager Malinda Nevill at mnevill@caesars.com if you shared these poor experiences like us. Don't waste your money here. Hopefully with all the new construction happening they repair their guest service and review what customer service is. Don't stay here!
1	If I could, I would rate this place -10! Stayed here because of my players card and definitely will pay extra to stay elsewhere the next time I come into town. Let me tell you 2 experience:The first time I stayed at Flamingo, I left my iPhone 5 charger in the room and realized I left it behind two hours after I checked out. I called Flamingo and their phone was at busy tone all day! I called back later that evening and asked to be connected to Lost & Found. Gave them the room number, my information, the description of where I left the charger... They're response, "Nothing was turned in from that room and someone is now staying in it." I asked if the housekeepers would've looked for it before clearing the room to let someone else check out. They said "That's something small.. we don't check those things." They rambled on not admitting that it was wrong for them to skim through the room rather than fully checking out the room. So this was my first experience which was bad.My second experience with Flamingo would be this past week. I stayed there and left my facewash that I just recently bought and was fully tubed. I called and gave them all information and they responded saying since it's face wash, they throw things like that away. Are you fucking serious?? Not even a full day, and they throw people's shit away?! I know I know, face wash.. but it was expensive facewash; Sheseido not Clean&Clear. That is not the point. It is the principle of their service for not holding people's lost items. So annoyed with this hotel. Would definitely not recommend to stay here. If you do, make sure you take everything with you when you leave, because apparently they throw or probably take your shit. Worst hotel ever. I work for a hotel, and Lost & Found department keeps everything they find.
2	This is a good location but a bit overpriced in every area including price of the room considering the quality, table limits & food prices. The carpet in the hallways should be replaced or at least stretched--I see a liability claim in the future if it isn't. It is a definite trip hazard. I was there for the NFR December 8-12, 2013.
1	The good: Great location, close to everything. The rooms are a decent size. The housekeeping staff were very friendly and courteous. The TVs (one in the bathroom, a nice touch) were nice, though I wouldn't want to spend enough time in the room to enjoy them.The bad: Everything else. The casino is small and incredibly smoky. I've spent enough time in the other casinos in the area to know that it's worse here than other places, and it's not just in the lobby and in the casino. Even though smoking isn't supposed to be allowed in rooms, ours reeked. People were smoking in the elevators. Everything is a bit dingy and outdated. One of our towels had a stain on it, as did the bedspread. The internet barely worked, despite the fact that we were paying a ton for it. I definitely wouldn't stay here again, despite the price and location. It's worth an extra $100 to not constantly smell (and smell like) cigarettes.
4	They've made a bunch of upgrades to the rooms since the last time I was there when I was a kid. Located on the Strip, this place is easy enough to find, for the price you pay, it's definitely not bad.I was here October 10-14 for kickball - it was our big tournament weekend. The Flamingo was our designated hotel, so imagine kickballers from all over the US packed in one hotel (think shit show). I got my own room because my friends' room was already packed, but I didn't mind since we got a pretty good deal. I got there Friday morning (right after the big Yelp OC party) at around 4 in the morning, but I wasn't able to check in til around 11am. My friend let me stay in her room that night since our other friends weren't coming til late Friday afternoon. The guy we talked to when we got there at guest services was awesome - he made it possible so that my room was directly across from my friends and got me early check-in, in addition to letting my friend have a key to my room in case I got locked out. When I got to my room the next morning, I was really surprised with how big it was. I guess it was one of those mini suites. I had a nice view of the pool/flamingo area, hardwood floors, a king sized bed (you can bet I took up the whole bed by sleeping at an angle), nice sized bathroom, as well as a little couch.I didn't really take advantage of anything else in this place. I had a staff meeting in the conference room downstairs so I didn't get the chance to go to the pool with all the other kickballers, but from what I saw from the pictures, the pool area was really nice. They had cheap tables and lots of different kinds of slots machine downstairs as well. I liked that the hotel was really close to all the parties we went to that weekend. It's on the strip and pretty much in the middle. The only downside really was all the construction going on. It took us about 30 minutes to figure out where the valet was and it also took a while for valet to get our stuff when we left Monday morning. Overall, this place is pretty sweet for the price I paid. I would definitely get my own room again next year if this is the sponsor hotel for our tournament.
3	The good: Customer service from every Flamingo employee was superb. Steve, who checked us in, was about as nice and pleasant as they come. Table minimums were always low. Hotel cleanliness was spot on. My wife took out a baby wipe and wiped various fixtures and the wipe stayed clean!!! Very comfy beds.The bad: Those pillows!!! Made for a dragon's head. Like sleeping against a 200 bound body builder.  So humongous,  instant neck kink. I wrapped a towel in a pillow case. Shower water temp stayed super cold then got insanely hot. No warm, I guess. Loss of two stars for terrible night sleep and less than pleasing shower. We stayed in the brand new fab deluxe rooms too.Random: no idea why the margarita casino is attached to main Flamingo casino. A casino within a casino?  One is old school classy and the other is like Tommy Bahamas wet dream. WtF?Good value, good location.
3	I've stayed in this hotel a lot.  It's not an elite hotel, in fact, at best a mediocre hotel. The casino is small and quite boring.  So why do I stay here?  Well, first of all, due to my Total Rewards card, I get comps here.  When I don't they are cheap.  The rooms are clean and big.  The location is pretty good.  Cheap table games are hard to find on the strip, but they can be found here.  Dealers are nice and remember me.  Parking is terrible here and often the valet is full.  The rooms that have been renovated are good.  The casino needs some serious modifications since they are dated.  But, I'm sure I'll be back due to the nice comp program with Total Rewards.
5	We just needed a cheap place to stay on the way through vegas so this was perfect. Payed next to nothing for the room on priceline and was shocked to see what we got for the money. The room we had was updated and extremely roomy, bathroom was the largest of all the hotel bathrooms we stayed at on our trip. Everything was clean and employees were nice. The hotels location was the best part because it was in a great spot on the strip. The only thing I could really complain about is the parking was awful and the casino smelled sorta like urinal cakes.
3	Not the  greatest place. No blankets for the beds. No fan in bathroom. No not water. Baby crying in next room.  Emergency sounds going off. Gaysua
1	This place is by far the worst place I have ever stayed. The service has got to be the worst I have ever experienced. The front desk will make u wait in line for about an hour due to lazy receptionist.The valet is the worst I have ever experienced. For a paying customer I will Never Stay here again. The only reason I gave this place one star is for people trying to find a place to stay I read this and NOT stay here. By the way the upgraded rooms are as big as a closet. Word to the wise, DO NOT STAY HERE!!
1	Was excited to take my girlfriend to vegas for the first time and booked a room at this hotel. I have yet to even check in yet and am already amazed how painful this experience is. I have been to Las Vegas a number of times before and I have never had to park my own car. Not only did I have to, the main lot and overfill lots were completely full. I had to park on the street roughly a mile a way in a less than ideal area of town behind the strip. I then hike into the hotel where I am greeted with a line resembling space mountain on a Saturday in July to just check in! There are 5 or 6 people working the main desk and I see a self serve kiosk so I attempt to use this. I walk over to see 3 of the 5 terminals are "out of order" and the two that do work require a credit card only, no debit is accepted. So I sit here in line writing this. Defiantly the worst experience I have ever had in Las Vegas. Haven't even seen the room yet! Let's hope for my sanity it is nice. Will edit this with results.
1	We arrived late (around 8:15 pm) on a random Monday evening. The self parking garage was full, and the valet was full. After waiting for approximately 20 minutes, we were finally able to leave the car with the valet staff. Upon entering the hotel lobby we were welcomed by the longest line I have ever seen in any hotel. It took 1.25 hours to check in (I had my timer going). We tried to use the self check in kiosk, but we were told the system was down, however by the time we were at the front of the line we realized that people were using the self check in kiosk for the past 30 minutes of us waiting in line. Although we asked to use the system, we were rudely turned away and the staff failed to notify customers that the systems were running again. Upon check in management lied to us by saying that every hotel on the strip was experiencing similar wait time even though we had 2 groups of friends checking into different hotels on the strip during the same time period without experiencing any wait issues.  Also, the next morning we waited 45 minutes for our car because was valet was extremely short staffed. This is the second and last time I will ever stay at this hotel. We even had a worst experience the first time. The wait was similar in length (so this is clearly a pattern) and the hotel did not have hot water.
1	I just came back from Vegas and first thing I am doing is writing this ReviewWe stood 1 hour in check-in line. After checked-in, we reached to room, keys were not working and person asked to stand in line again. After 20 mins they gave us new keys. Bathroom was not cleaned, hairs were everywhere on floor. We booked Street View Luxurious room and stayed there for 3 night 4 days. 2nd morning 9:30 AM someone started knocking the door. My husband woke and opened the door they need to replace some filter. We slept 6 in morning and 9:30 we woke up. 2nd night, we were playing electronic roulette and i called waitress 10 times for water. Every waitress was saying give me 5 mins I will be back or let me send another one. Then some security manager came I told her same thing she also said give me 5 mins and no one came so we started playing in Paris or Aria instead of Flamingo. 3rd morning we again reached at room around 5 AM and some room service people opened our room and came inside and standing in front of our bed. They don't even knock the room. This was my 9th visit to vegas and I never experienced this in any of the hotel. I don't recommend this hotel at all
3	This hotel is a good value for the price you pay. The newly remodeled rooms are nice and clean. There are a few small quirks. For example, the first thing you typically do when you get to your hotel room is turn on a light. Unfortunately, the light switch next to the door isn't connected to one. An employee in the hall told us that there used to be a light connected to that switch but when the hotel remodeled they put a mirror where the light used to be. Mirrors are nice...but light is important. So I had to feel my way to the bathroom so I could turn on that light before finding my way into the room. The rooms are decorated with modern, updated furniture. The mattress is very firm, so whether or not you like that will depend on personal preference. However, the bathroom was not included in the makeover. The daily resort fee ($18) is charged regardless of whether or not the services are used. We did use the wifi everyday. We did not use the gym at all. Limited hours. It would be nice if it was open later or if the hot tub was included in the high daily fee. If you want to use the hot tub it is an additional $10/person/day. Housekeeping was great for the most part. I wish the hotel had a process in place if you want to re-use your towel. We received fresh towels daily which seemed like a little bit of a waste. Most hotels have a sign that says if you want fresh towels to leave them on the floor and if you want to re-use keep them hanging. It could save a lot of cost and resources if guests are given the option.My biggest complaint was that on our day of check-out we received a knock on our door asking if we wanted the room cleaned. We had the do not disturb sign on the door. After talking with the person knocking on doors it was pretty clear they just want to make sure we are checking out that day. I could understand the knock if it was check-out day and after check out time, however this was at about 9am. Luckily, we were up and getting ready to be out of the room, but I was offended that the do not disturb was just ignored and would have been upset if I had been sleeping. Overall, this is a good value for the cost if you want to be on the strip and want a clean room.
3	I got a great price. 67 for one night. Room was nice, but the bathroom was really small. Great location. Right in the middle of everything. The hotel overall was in my opinion a bit run down. I give it 3 stars.
1	I just got back from my stay at the Flamingo and I have to say I will not be staying here again for multiple reasons:1. The area is under construction so getting to the parking area was difficult; no signage to assist. 2. There are 3 hotels in the area using one parking structure. Thank God for the Valet or we'd be parking in Lot 8 a few blocks away, walking in the cold weather past the construction sites. The Valet was the only good part about this hotel.3. Check in took over an hour! They had only 2 people working the counter and each time someone was in the Rewards Line we had to continue to wait. Other guests who became too impatient to wait their turn actually went in that line (and the Mail Line) so they could be called ahead of the rest of us in the regular check in line. 4. I had called in the day prior to confirm my room reservation because I wanted to make sure I got a King sized bed in my room. When we checked in, the woman at the front was trying to give us a room with two queens. When we reminded her the reservation was for a king, she said she could only give us a king room that was far from the elevator. She wasn't kidding. It was next to the stair well down two corridors. If we had been drunk, like she warned us, it would have been a problematic walk.5. Most of lights in the elevators did not work! You had to go and push buttons for multiple elevator areas until you got one to light up. Inside the elevator you had to use both sides of the control panel to make sure your desired level had been requested.6. There was not adequate lighting in the room itself. Only 3 lamps and one dinky overhead light when you walked into the room. I guess i was supposed to rely on the strip lighting up our room?7. The shower/tub spout constantly dripped after usage easily for an hour afterwards.8. Rooms had laminate flooring, which looked pretty good, but when the girl above your room is drunkenly walking around her room in high heels, it's really quite annoying- especially when she's coming in from the club at 4am....9. The mattresses are overly firm. Maybe this is the hotel just wanting to make sure that they get their 7+ years out of each mattress.10. There was no door notice/ sign saying to not have the room cleaned or to not bother the occupants. This was upsetting on the morning we were checking out, when they knock at each door of every person supposedly leaving that day to wake them up/ double check that the group will be leaving the hotel before check out time.11. I called the concierge desk through the room phone to purchase show tickets. I wanted them for a show on the following night. The woman on the other line said that the tickets were non-refundable. No problem. I actually wrote down the confirmation number (probably the first time in my life). Good thing I did. The woman bought tickets for the wrong day and spelled my name wrong. Our night was completely ruined. When discussing it with the Box Office representative in person she said that the hotel CONTRACTS OUT THEIR CONCIERGE SERVICE and I had an issue with the third party and NOT the hotel. All she did was cancel my tickets and refund my money (which is an obvious, but I had to request it) and then told me to have a good night. Worst customer service ever.12. When checking out express (on the TV in the room, which it was a miracle it was an option), we noticed that there was a guest survey. Normally, I would never bother to take a survey for a hotel. However, the experience at the Flamingo demanded it. Surprise, surprise the survey via the television didn't work. We shut of the TV and tried again. Still didn't work. But you know what did? The Check out function.13. I looked online to attempt to call the hotel or email them with my concerns. Check out the website- there is no link you can access them to contact them. I had to request my bill online to find a comment section where I asked for contact info. However, I had to wait three days for anything. This was probably one of the worst experiences I've ever had at any hotel on this planet (and i've stayed in some questionable hostels). The staff (minus the valet) was not helpful, didn't go an extra inch to do anything past their job description, and there's little hope of expressing it to anyone in management unless you want to wait and make a scene. I've heard the expression, "You get what you pay for" but in this case I paid for way more than what I got and it was terribly disappointing.
3	I wanted to stay in one of Vegas' iconic hotel so what better than the Flamingo. We'll I was sorely disappointed. I don't know what I thought I was going into, maybe 50 fabulous or a throwback to the mob run Vegas. Nope....it was a little dirty, doesn't look like it had been updated since the 80s. The positives is that it's cheap, super cheap. I think we paid no more than $250 for 4 nights. It's right in the middle of the strip, there were no problems walking everywhere. They have a late night pizza place that will make your made to order pizza in about 20min or you can just grab a slice. Would I stay here again.....hummmmmm......it's debatable. For the price and location yes for the atmosphere no.
3	Got comped for 2 nights and decided to book the Go Deluxe room at the Flamingo after reading the Yelp reviews.What's the deal with the parking structure?! Worst design ever! And half of the spots are reserved for valet and the Hilton. Really?! This is Vegas. Knock it down and build a better one! Oh, and of course the valet was full at 10:30pm. So pissed and so frustrated after circling around the lot for a parking spot. I just drove for 3+ hours, and all I wanted to do is check-in and sleep.The check-in line was ridiculously long, but it was Christmas week so it was understandable.As we got in the elevator, someone else was getting out around the 12th floor... It looked pretty scary when those elevator doors opened... The lighting was dim, the carpet was dark... Eeek!! But luckily we were on the 25th floor. And when the elevator doors opened, I see a bright hallway and elegantly tiled floors. Whew!!The room was not bad at all. Very clean and modern. Bright room with a big flat screen TV, with a little 2.1 sound system. The windows has a electric switch for the drapes. The bathroom has a frosted glass sliding door. There's a TV embedded in the bathroom mirror, with a Bose ceiling speaker. Modern sink - like a bowl on the counter. Separate shower and tub. The king sized bed is soft, with lots of soft pillows. Comfy.Okay... Here's my rant... The resort fees. $20 per day. And for what?! Phone? In today's day and age, who uses a telephone? Internet? They only allow access to 1 device per day. For 1 person maybe it'll work... But serioulsy... how often would one go to Vegas and stay by themself? If you're going to charge me $20/day, at the very least you let me use WIFI on all my devices.Overall... meh. Only paid $40 for a 2 night stay on Christmas. I suppose I can't complain too much.
3	Hazel Q nailed it when she said its an A-ok for her book.  I had a room on the 29th floor and the view was fantastic.  The faux hard wood floors were a nice touch, and the bed was confy.  The bathroom, however, plumeted the rating from a 4 star to a generous 3.  Its old, tiles were chipped, the clothesline was broken, the vanity light wasn't working... awful.  I can't complain about the price.. I was comp'd and given spending money (pays to be a Total Rewards platinum). Its MUCH better than Imperial Palace (ie: the Quad).  I think next time I'll try for the Go Deluxe rooms.
3	Well, took another trip to Vegas this time for the holidays. I have a list of hotels on the strip I want to stay at and this time  I decided to stay at The Flamingo. There is definitely some good and some bad. Here it is:First off check in. Holy Mary mother of GOD what a cluster fuck. A million friggin people all over the place, people not sure where the line begins or ends, and like 3 people working to check all these people in. And check out was no picnic but more on that later. It took a little over an hour to check in. I have been to Vegas quite a bit and I have never had this big of a fiasco at check in. I knew it might be a little busy due to the holidays but that is no excuse for the lack of staff. Especially considering that check in is at 4pm and it was almost 5pm. They should have more staff working behind the counter at such hot times to better serve the amount of customers checking in especially since it was the holidays.  I have checked in at busy times in Vegas before and have never waited that long. After dealing with the flight and the airport and check in by the time I got to my room I just wanted to relax for a bit.I had a good view of the strip which I appreciated. I have to say I liked the room. It was a big room. It was in the habitat area on the 19th floor. The bathroom was spacious as well. The beds were pretty comfy. They did the job. The TV worked fine. The shower was pretty good as well. The water pressure was fine and the temperature controls worked fine as well. I do have to say that the water coming out the sink, however, had a funky smell to it. I did not experience that with the shower but I did with the sink. The room safe did not work but when I called about it someone came up and promptly fixed it. That was addressed quickly which I appreciated. I ordered room service on the first night because I was hungry but too damn tired to walk around deciding what to get and that food was just ok. I ordered a seafood pasta. Nothing spectacular about it. The delivery was pretty fast and prompt. Overall, I thought the room was nice, spacious and comfortable. Great room for the price especially. The casino is a nice one. I always found plenty of tables to play at. For the most part the dealers were pretty friendly. One in particular stood from the rest and his name was Carlos. He made the games extra fun and he had an amazing personality to match his amazing looks. Him looking so good made it hurt less when he took my money in roulette. :-) In all seriousness though he is how a dealer should act. Fun and friendly. As far as the cocktail waitresses go I guess it depend son which one you have. Some of them would totally ignore you or not come by for hours on end while others made regular stops and were friendly to boot. That was more 50/50. Overall I enjoyed the casino and even though I explored other casinos I found myself just wanting to gamble there. Check out was a bitch as well. Again at the hot button time to check out not enough staff. I opted for the express check out but that still had a long ass wait and was just as big a pain in the ass. When I saw the bill upon checkout I have to say I was pretty annoyed. They will nickel and dime you to DEATH. They charge a $29 a day resort fee. I know all the hotels charge a resort fee but still I think that is a little excessive. I also got charged for housekeeping services which I am in the process of debating right now because I never asked the maid to come everyday and make my bed. They just come and I am not about to pay for that. If I would have known that I was being charged like $20 every time they come I would have opted out. I had plenty of towels and did not need my bed made everyday. The interesting thing is I have NEVER been nickle and dimed like this at another Vegas hotel This is the only time this has happened so maybe it is not as much if bargain to stay here as some might think. Overall I am going to have to give this place three stars.  I am not too happy with the extra charges for housekeeping. The resort fee I will let slide because I knew about that but the rest of it makes me wonder if staying here is even worth it. I may just come here to gamble again but staying at the hotel I think I will pass.
1	This is the worst hotel ever! Well my family paid for the cheapest room, so not quite sure how great the expensive rooms are. First off, the parking structure is HORRIBLE! So we decided to do valet.Anyways, We were on the 16th floor, as we walk in, our jaws dropped, literally all the way down to lobby! Everything was so old inside, the dresser was falling apart, the tub faucet was leaking, mold everywhere, drain was so.....slow! Around the sink area more.....MOLD!  The motel at Disneyland area is way better! Even if the room is at a medium price .. don't give customers a dirty presentation! Also this place gave me a phobia of elevators! My dad and I decided to get some breakfast downstairs. We entered the elevator, and got down to 3rd floor, all of a sudden the light for lobby goes out, and I was thinking to myself why it wasn't lit anymore (we haven't even reached lobby level) and that's when chaos started, the elevator decided to do a Hollywood Terror Hotel Mode. It would literally go up really fast and bounce for the longest time until we reached the 22nd floor,and it was a relief that the elevator doors opened! Then we saw this housekeeper and told her that this elevator is malfunctioning, and all she did was stood there and said, "I know." UH OKAY?!?!? what.. NO COMPRENDE INGLES?!Fix your parking structure and do more improvements in your rooms and hire better housekeepers! Overall I will never stay here again!
3	I stayed at the Flamingo on a recent trip the Las Vegas. The hotel is very conveniently located at the centre of the strip which made seeing the attractions as easy as it can be in Vegas. The check in process is a bit of an ordeal at busy times as so many people want to check in at the same time there can be long queues. The room itself (on the 14th floor) was clean and I liked that there was no carpet in the room which gave it a modern feel. The view was of the courtyard where the flamingos live instead of the strip which I didn't mind in hindsight.The Flamingo casino is a bit tatty compared with those in the other hotels. There is a strange smell throughout where they struggle to suppress the scent of stale tobacco but as Caesars and the Bellagio are across the road this area can be avoided.
5	Get more than what you actually pay!  Great room! I would recommend!  TV in the bathroom.  Pillow top mattress.  And we paid under 50/ night!!
1	Omg!! This place is disgusting! This is my second time at the flamingo. Several years ago we came here for our first trip to Vegas, we really enjoyed it then. However, this time our experience was not the same. First off..check in. What a line, that didn't seem to move. We Sat in line for about half an hour moving about ten feet. Finally we saw someone using the express check in kiosk, we decided to give that a try. Good news, we were checked in in about ten minutes, bad news,  no one to tell you about the fact that you get two passes a day for the gym or free internet, especially since the sign in your room says it costs money!! Total bullshit.So I picked a non smoking room on the 19th floor.First the elevators, which where old and dingy and dirty. A couple times they stopped on odd floors, opened the doors about 5 inches and just sat there until we hit a button. Alot of beeping and squelling. Our room happened to be the farthest room from the elevator which made us walk thru what had to be a smoking room area. The smell walking thru this area to get to our room was disgusting. I seriously wanted to throw up. The carpet was so old and stained and dirty. Riped in many places, and so jacked up that it was rippling down the hall. I tripped over it a number of times. Having had back surgery recently this was very hard and dangerous for me to walk on.The main room itself was ok. Actually liked the firm bed and at first liked the faux wood laminate, however this is really annoying late at night when drunk people are stomping around, and also really hard on your feet after lots of walking.The bathroom was horrible! Filthy old and moldy. The toilet paper holder was falling out of the wall. The bathtub was moldy around the edges with the soap holder all cracked and broken tiles. Mold on the ceiling and old broken fixtures. The cabinets had chipped old paint and were separating from the wall.  Even the cups were paper. Overall this place made my skin crawl. I will never go back.On a positive more, if you go to the buffet around 1030, you pay for breakfast, but they start bringing out the crab and other lunch items, but you only pay for breakfast.spend your money at NYNY. Rooms are super nice. Just booked here after our flight got canceled!!
2	Wish I could give it more but honestly I am being nice with a 2 star.  We went last minute to vegas so decided to give this hotel a shot because it had been remodeled and was a good deal.  Wish we would have spent more and stayed somewhere else.We were very excited when we checked in the clerk was so nice to us and upgraded us to a suite since vegas was dead because of the storm in the east.  We walked into the "suite" which was large but had not seen a remodel since the 80's i am sure.  The carpet was stained, the bathroom door had paint peeling off of it and it smelled like smoke (non-smokers). We had reserved a remodeled room and because we had show tickets we could not go back down and deal with the issue.The next morning we were upgraded to the room we were supposed to have and it was nicer except the bathroom had not been upgraded. The lines to talk to the front desk were super long and the staff so so.  The elevators had a ton  of trash in them every time we got in them.  To their credit there was a beer pong contest going on so maybe this is not the norm but it is what we experienced.I will say the beds in both rooms were very comfortable and it was a great location convenient to a lot of great restaurants and entertainment.  The refurbed room was nice with the exception of the sinks.  Maybe if our stay had started out in this room and the fire alarm had not gone off at 3 in the morning we would have felt differently.
3	Location is good. We were upgraded to a suite bc they ran out of regular rooms before our arrival. Only problem was it was one bed and a couch. We had 4 adults. They brought a roll away bed after we called. The suite is well worth the upgrade if an option. Got a peek at a few other rooms and they weren't nearly as nice as the suite. Only complaint is the room smelled of smoke. It was so bad we had to remove the covers. One note, person who reserves the room must show ID to check in even if the other adults are listed. It took us a few tries to get enough keys, etc for all 4 adults on the reservation. This is only a 3 because of the suite otherwise for the price I'd select a 2 for a regular room. Be sure to get the Total Rewards card BEFORE you arrive. This can save hours on check in. No joke the line was insane when we left in the morning. Total Rewards has an express check in line.
2	Well, I knew it was a cheap hotel before I arrived but work is trying to keep budgets low. I'll start by saying the staff is really nice. Big win for them. but...It has zero class, fun... anything. It's not even like it's cheap but fun. It's just horrible. My colleagues and I did a group 'bed-bug-check' if that gives you any idea. On a positive note, we didn't find any but you shouldn't be so worried upon entering your hotel room that you feel the need to check. The wifi is slower than dial-up. I can't believe they charge a $20/day fee for it. I don't think $20 is bad- I think waiting 10 min for a page to load is bad. It's more cost-effective to get an increase on your data plan for the month. The restaurant 'Center Cut' isn't so bad.  Not quite worth the money but the staff is nice. The only decent restaurant in the joint. I guess Margaritaville wasn't so bad either.     Ok place to lay your head (they are on the bed bug registry so take a moment to check your mattress) but go elsewhere for...everything.Hope that helps.
1	Terrible customer services. Dirty rooms. Keys randomly deactivated so you have to trek down to main lobby every night. Customer service honestly does not cater to your needs and does not document issues within their system correctly. Buffet is not worth the value. Avoid at all cost. Hidden resort fee which puzzles everyone at checkout.Awful experience here. I normally don't write bad reviews but this place deserves one. Had to stay here for CES but next time, I'd rather stay off the strip then here.
4	I stay at the Flamingo every year. I have had regular rooms and GO Rooms. They have all been great. Upgrade to GO if you can. The place is not a palace but its clean and not too massive. You can actually get to your room without a map. The location is right at the main 4 corners of the strip. Everything is close. The Paradise Garden Buffet has the best breakfast buffet around, I've seen Donny & Marie twice and am going again. Perfect show. Go for it and enjoy your stay!
3	As anyone who reads my hotel reviews knows, I'm not super discriminating. I'm usually in Vegas for trade shows and don't spend much time in my room anyway. So, provided my hotel has easy access to whatever convention center, hot water and a comfortable bed, my complaints are typically minimal.I stayed at the Flamingo for 2014 CES and don't really have anything bad to say. It's on the monorail loop (two stops to the LV convention center), there's some pretty decent, if not easy and convenient dining options, lots of bars and shops, and friendly staff. The Total Rewards program is worth it - my rate for 4 days at the Flamingo was less than one night a hotels that were a bit closer to the CES venue, but with a huge show like that you've got to expect jacked up prices.The only really negative thing I'd say about this place is the hallway carpets have seen much better days - they need a steam clean, stat. Also, it didn't seem like the staff was too quick to grab room service trays and empty glasses out of the hallways. Not a deal breaker, but kind of off-putting.I'd definitely stay at the Flamingo again - it's reasonably priced and pretty comfortable - and that typically fits my needs in sin city. If you're looking for value, it's a great spot. If you're looking for luxury, this probably isn't the place for you.
2	Very very poor customer service, smelly, dirty hallways, the saddest lunch buffet I have ever seen and the worst eggs Benedict I have ever eaten. (or not eaten) was what I experienced during my last stay on my birthday. Booked a special visa card promotion and then was lied to by the front desk agent. Never received my visa card promotion, got a business card from the "hotel operations manager" only to have the number on the card ring into oblivion, not even an answering machine....SAD!I have been staying at the Flamingo for over 15 years and I will think twice next time. They have really gone downhill with uncaring customer service, really really dirty hotel and rooms etc. No wonder they send me more promotions now than when I was a diamond member for over 7 years. With this kind of service and many many other options in Vegas, I hope they see how bad they are getting and make a change for the good...
4	Great location reasonably priced including clean comfortable beds. What more do you need!
1	First time here.. no customer service at all checking in and out. They are so rude. . Room was very dusty and old. You have to pay for wireless Internet.  I wouldn't recommend this place.
4	I decided to stay here for a wedding in vegas. I booked a deluxe room and got upgraded on arrival to a premium new room. The room was very nice. Two beds, two tv"s one in the bathroom.  The place was clean  and new. Had a refrigerator and ipod hookups. I would stay here again. The only thing I disliked is the 10$ fee to get in the sauna.  I think resort fee should cover that, the sauna was a little outdated not worth the extra $ but staff in the other hand was  awesome!! I will come bk to this hotel
4	Me and four girlfriend stayed here during our first trip to Vegas. We had a great time. We stayed from Saturday-Tuesday in a GO deluxe room. I would recommend one of these rooms, as they are spacious and very nice. We got ours for the same price as the regular rooms through Expedia.Honestly, there was nothing bad about this place because we weren't here to spend our time in the hotel room. Our experience, however, was totally fine and even (by my picky standards) good: The rooms were clean and spacious, the air worked well, and the bathroom was clean. We arrived in Vegas around 10 a.m. and checked in early. We couldn't get into the room until 3 p.m. or so. They let us check our luggage in some back room and gave us 4 passes the pool. We changed in the bathroom on the lobby floor and went out the pool. They only gave us 4 passes since it was technically a 4 person room, but we had no trouble bringing an extra person in. They only check IDs--they don't even check the passes. We bought drinks (expensive, but we expected that) and lounged all day. It was great!We didn't experience any poor customer service and we didn't have any complaints. The location was perfect. We went to clubs at the Cosmopolitan and Bellagio and they were very close. The best part about this place was the adult pool. SO fun. Honestly, that made the trip. A lot of club promoters were at the pool, and they were walking around and putting people on lists. DO THIS! You will gain express entry and even free cover. This was amazing and totally made our trip worth it!This place is cheap and in an amazing location. I removed one star for our view: construction and a crappy part of town south of the Strip as well as the strange leaking that was occurring all over the hallway from the floor above us. Otherwise, the experience was great and it was exactly what I expected in Vegas: gaudy and over the top.
4	Flamingo upgraded rooms are pretty nice.. The location is perfect since it's in the middle of the strip. The casino is just okay. Not alot of great restaurants or attractions in the hotel but once again being in the middle of the strip it's easy to get somewhere for a good dinner or show. The price is best your going to get on the strip unless you stay at somewhere like the quad.
1	I had a great time in Vegas until I woke up with bites on my thighs and legs.... I saw these little black bugs in my bed. I told the manager and she didn't even care, I was treated like a suspect of sorts. She send someone up to do a "claim" and that was the last I heard from them. I payed for my room, and headed straight to the nearest doctors office. Had to get all kinds of antibiotics and creams because I had an allergic reaction to the bites so life was not good for a while. I love Las Vegas, but honestly that just is not a good example of a sanitary environment, good management, or good service. I gave one star because I won 300 dollars in the roulette table.
2	Yikes!  I will start with what was good (since it will not take too long).  The price was quite reasonable (I booked a Black Friday special on the Flamingo website).  The location is great!  The grounds are nice, with a wildlife refuge complete with birds, koi ponds and more.  We got to the hotel a couple of hours before the 4 PM check in.  We were allowed to check in early (for a $15.00 fee)... Our room had a fabulous view of the new Ferris wheel and the animal refuge.  And the room is nicely updated.  Sadly, the bathroom had rusty drains and BUGS (ants?) in the shower.  Yuck.  The hallways were DISGUSTING!  Carpet was dirty and in desperate need of a stretching.  It is a trip hazard!  Tears and huge waves of wrinkles.  Also, be wary of anything promised to you before your arrival.  We called to request a fridge (they were able to deliver on this) and a coffee pot.  Due to a special diet, I need hot water.  We called before our trip to request this.  Once there we were told we had to be in the "Gold Tower" (at an additional charge) in order to have a coffee pot.  Since we drove, I would have brought my own but did not as we were assured we could have one.  I was on at least 2 (Habitat) elevators that did not work.  As for the casino, on three occasions we were at slots for 30 + minutes and NEVER had drink service.  The "free" parking is great if you can find a spot.  The first day we were fine.  The second day (after returning from a hike) the parking garage AND the Valet were both full.  On our last morning, we (reluctantly) went to one of the hotel restaurants for breakfast.  Again, dirty carpet (yuck...in a restaurant I'd like to see some cleanliness).  I ordered the french toast (quite a treat for me as I usually do not eat this).  It looked lovely!  Lots of fresh berries, three thick slices of french toast.  I poured a little syrup on one piece.  Had a few bites, poured more syrup on and YUCK!!!!  an empty wrapper from  sweetener poured onto my toast.  It took about 8-10 minutes to find our waitress.  Another 8-10 to get a new plate (delivered with attitude) and this plate had very few berries...of course my husband was long finished with his meal.  This is not a hotel I would stay at again.  There are much better choices in Vegas
3	I love the Flamingo.  It's my absolute favorite hotel to stay at on the strip.  It's close, it's cheap, they generally take care of everything.  This time was not the case.  We came into to town for work and to visit friends and compete in a weekend long tournament plus a couple days and here is how it went down. check-in 11.  Check-in from the diamond lounge, service is stellar as usual2.  Get to our room and it is a standard king sized room3.  About 5pm we realize we're situated over carnival court can hear EVERYTHING4.  Our neighbors check in and clearly plan to rage in their room. Awesome.5.  I go to shower and find myself standing shin high in grey water (tub won't drain)6.  I am greeted on my towel by a cockroach...this has never happened before  Check-In 2 go to diamond office and change rooms1.  All is well at check-in again2.  We move rooms3.  Our new room over looks the high roller (cool)4.  Towards the evening hours we realize our neighbors have a dog     - dog whines, barks, yelps for hours after being left alone5.  We come back to the room after a long day of competition and dog is still upset 6.  At 4am....our TV turns on blaring to the menu screen     -the remote control doesn't turn it off and pushing power on the tv itself doesn't turn it off so we end up just unplugging it7.  The lamps in the room are either broken or have some sort of short, once you turn the, on, they don't stay onDay 31.  Elevator 1 doors will not close 2.  Try to take a bath after another long day at competition and THIS TUB won't hold its water.  Ironic.  3.  After everything else we just give up.  By day 4, doggy couple checked out, reasonable neighbors checked in and we spent the remainder of our trip on the casino floor.  Side note to housekeeping:  is it really necessary to slam the vacuum against the walls???  And two...why when we have a do not disturb card out do we get woken up at 9am to make sure we're checking out???Not my favorite stay here....but it could've been worse.  I could've stayed off strip.
2	I've stayed at Flamingo twice now and now that I'm no longer a broke college student, I won't be returning! Flamingo may have a great location to be in the middle of Las Vegas Blvd, but this place still lacks a lot. Although they've been through vigorous renovations, the ice machines weren't working at all on my first visit in July 2013; this includes the floor I was staying on, the floor above, and the floor below.My visit in December 2013 was also less than pleasant. The water was straight up cold my entire shower and the water was also not draining which left for a freezing and unhappy Courtney. Flamingo also lacks outlet plugs in their rooms - bring your own extension cords because all the outlets seem to be in the most inconvenient spots ever!
4	I'm not sure what all the complaints are about... If you want Luxury, go across the road, pay double and stay at Caesars! If you want a good room at a decent room price, in a clean casino, with an awesome location, stay here. Yes, the hallway carpets and elevators could use an update (hence the 4 stars). Yes, the bathrooms weren't renovated when the rooms were, but it's not the end of the world! We stayed in a Fab Deluxe room with a Strip View. The room was clean, the bathroom was clean. We didn't spend a lot if time in there.... It's Vegas. The location is here is key! You are in walking distance to great shopping, dining and nightlife. There's a monorail station at the hotel. Was this casino as fancy or impressive as Planet Hollywood or Paris? No!!!! But, it didn't really matter to us since we could just walk to them....
2	Oh man! What a disappoint. The lunch buffet really needs a visit from Chris Angel because it's in need of a magic show, make this food disappear!
1	After looking for the best deal, and most conveniently located hotel, that was somewhat affordable in Las Vegas during CES, Dan and I settled (and SETTLED we did), for the Flamingo Hotel. Within walking distance of the Venetian, where we could visit many of the exhibitors, and easily catch a shuttle to the Convention Center, the Flamingo Hotel turned out to be the SECOND MOST DISGUSTING PLACE in which we have ever stayed. Rooms at this hovel (not a typo) range from 35.00 in the low season to 289.00 for rip off season. They have a lot of nerve.Arriving at midnight after a LONG ASS day of flying due to a snow storm in our layover city, Chicago, all we wanted was a quick bite and a comfy bed, on which to rest our pretty heads. Sadly, the line to check in, had at least 20 people in front of us. We waited patiently, knowing that would happen very soon. We checked in, then walked through the smoky filled casino to the FOOD COURT to grab a bite.We waited on line to order a burger and salad, at Johnny Rocket's. seconds, I finally go to order my long awaited tuna salad, at 12:00 midnight and 3 seconds. "We don't serve tuna after midnight". I perused the menu, and SETTLED on a turkey burger. "We don't serve turkey burgers after midnight", said the fellow at the cash register."Are you kidding me?", I asked. He wasn't."We serve burgers or eggs", the young man told me.Dan ordered his burger and I sauntered over to the other seemingly healthy food option, a Chinese Chicken Salad from L.A. salad and wraps.Suffice it to say, the CHICKEN that was on top of this lettuce, green onion, fried chinese noodle mix, was not EXACTLY chicken. It was other worldly. I think maybe it was chicken roll or something else fashioned into a flat cutlet type thing.We guzzled the food, and couldn't wait to get upstairs, proving that when I'm hungry I will eat anything.Arrving on the 8th floor, it was clear that they place was a well worn. The halls weren't all that clean. I take that back. They were gross. There were rips in the carpet, along with gum smooshed into it. The doors were all dirty too. I chalked it up to old age, and was a little forgiving, but still not happy.The room came with a view (this was NOT it), and all the loud sounds that come, an entire city block of construction. Right outside my window! The room, with its ancient furniture, wasn't HORRIBLE.The roach crawling on the wall, on the other hand was.The bathroom was replete with toothpaste. Oh, not toothpaste to use with my toothbrush.This toothpaste, was in the air conditioning grates....Perhaps the maid missed it...All five days, that we stayed there.She also missed the q-tip that was stuck in between the missing tiles. Well, they weren't missing, they were just behind the toilet. She did miss the giant hair that was stuck to the ceiling also.None of this was nearly as nauseating as the 2 inches of dust, that was living in the bathroom lighting fixtures. Let's just say the place is a little run down. Understatement.The toilet was also DISGUSTING. ALL FIVE DAYS.After checking for bedbugs, assuming that the housekeeping staff, would make sure that the room was really clean the next day, we HAD TO GO TO sleep. It was already after 1:30AM, and I was in no mindset, to call to bitch and moan. Did I just say that? We had to be up and out by 8:00AM, and I needed some rest.I woke up with a stiff neck from using pillows that ranged from 6-8 inches high. Right before we left in the morning, I called housekeeping and asked for one, only one, DECENT pillow, explaining that these were all too rubbery and hard and I couldn't afford to work CES with a neck ache. She said, "Sure thing. No problem."Later that night ( it was actually the next morning at around 1:30), we arrived back to the room after a LONG day of press events and parties, ready for sleep. The beds had been made, the garbage disposed of, towel folded, and sink cleaned. The toothpaste, dust, broken tiles and q-tip all remained untouched. Doesn't the housekeeping staff get trained in CLEANING?In addition, as far as I could tell, there was no pillow replacement. They all ranged from 6-8 inches high, and impossible for me to use. I slept without one.The next morning, with another crick in my neck, I called to ask about the pillows. This time the answer was, "Those are the ONLY pillows that we have. They are all the same. The housekeeper brought you a new one". I scratched my head. We spied these two pillows on the floor....yes I said, "on the floor", in front of another guest's room. They were there for at least 8 hours. Clearly I am not the only one, that doesn't like sleeping on HARD RUBBER. But I digress.
5	OMG!...where the hell are all these negative reviews coming from???....I LOVE THE FLAMINGO!...cause maybe i'm one of those LUCKY ONES who got an upgraded room with a view upon arrival (a GO DELUXE ROOM)...and in the RENOVATED SECTION of the hotel.... that I booked at a GREAT PRICE through the TOTAL REWARDS PROGRAM that ANYONE can join!!...I arrived on a SATURDAY evening...at around check-in time expecting a long-ass line...and yup!...there was a hella LONG line....but not for those who have a TOTAL REWARDS card....NO LINE!...wtf...lucky AGAIN!ROOM was impeccable!...beautiful with all the amenities....a TV in the friggin bathroom mirror!...So i can take a shower and watch the news through the glass shower doors...NO magazine to read while doin your business?...NO WORRIES...just turn the TV on!...comfy pillowtop mattress...clean sheets...NO bedbugs....NO rips or tears...NO stains...WTF!....you must have gotten the room in hell!FOOD COURT!...near the elevators...how can you complain about food in a food court like the ones you find in the mall or airport....IT"S a FOOD COURT!....not a 5 star restaurant. It serves the purpose...fast food when you're hungry!....asian, pizza, sandwiches and salad, and a Johnny Rockets!YOU MUST WATCH DONNY AND MARIE!...it doesnt matter how old you are...you want GREAT ENTERTAINMENT???...then go and watch!...nice "old school" atmosphere like how Vegas used to be like...showroom with booth seating....and EVERY SEAT HAS A VIEW!ya, its not a high end hotel...but then again, you're in VEGAS!...why the hell are you in your room for a long time...but honestly,  i wouldn't mind staying all day in my GO ROOM...AND you can't beat the great price... the location (right in the middle of the strip).... the convenience (monorail stops here and escalator/overpass) to Ceasars and the Bellagio right in front)...AND SOON A SHOPPING MALL NEXT DOOR!....go to the clubs or shows...walk a mile long in just one casino (so tiring)...check out all the attractions...then come back an relax in your LOVELY GO ROOM...you won't be disappointed!...just make sure its a GO ROOM!and become a TOTAL REWARDS MEMBER FOR FREE!...great discounts for hotels, shows, and attractions! ....http://www.totalrewards.com/e-totalrewards/GOOD LUCK!
3	Had an ok stay recently. Noticed the carpet in the halls of the hotel are filthy. Price is right since its on the strip-the resort fees are ridiculous. The bathroom is small-could be cleaner, water pressure in shower was great. A few mildew spots in shower need to be bleached out. Beds are comfy, sheets were clean and had a GREAT view of the garden area.
4	Stayed here last night and I must say they have some nice new rooms for the flamingo. The fab Delux rooms are great. Nice bathrooms and nice beds with amazing blackout sheets to cover your windows. Room service along with upgraded bathroom tools make it so much better. For $30 can't beat that. I will be back flamingo. I even made a players card.
1	AVOID! AVOID! AVOID! We "upgraded" to the newer rooms and had a nice view, but the black film over the windows pretty much ruins it. We had the room RIGHT outside the elevator shaft. We could.NOT.sleep. It was so loud and rickety. It sounded like we were sleeping on the coaster at NYNY. We asked if there was any way we can change rooms and they were SO RUDE. Said we could not change after check in time was over. (But we were at the World Furniture Market all day and couldn't have switched before. We got NO SLEEP that night.Next morning......ANTS. ALL OVER! (Will be posting pictures) Ants covering the bathroom floor. It was absolutely terrifying. Again, no one we talked to cared and acted like it was a normal thing. I'm not talking like three little ants on their way. I counted over 50 while I was sitting there trying to pee. YUCK! Plus the bathroom vanities are MINI. I couldn't even set all my stuff by the sink. Terrible service, Yucky rooms. The halls are also dirty. PLEASE DON'T STAY HERE!
1	It's true you get what you pay for but wow this was terrible. I would give this a negative review if I could. The only good thing about this hotel was the location. The only service worth mentioning were the bellmen and some of the valet staff. The hotel charges for EVERYTHING additional. If you want to call valet from your room to get your car you have to upgrade and pay to a member status. You have to pay extra for a refrigerator in your room and doesn't come with a coffee maker. 2 of the 3 rooms we got didn't even have ice buckets. Cleaning service didn't give new towels after 4 days and left dirty cups in the rooms. 2 of the 3 showers would get clogged every morning and the plumbing made noises everyday from the other rooms in the hotel. You would think with all the competition on the strip they would want to do their best to secure repeat business. This is the WORST hotel that 8 people agreed we had ever stayed in. I could go on and on with everything that was wrong but I don't want to waste my time on this hotel anymore. We will never go back to that "dirty bird" again.
2	We picked the Flamingo because it was affordable and convenient (located right on the Strip). Bad call! Customer service was a disaster and the place was not very well maintained.Our experience with early check-in epitomizes our customer service experience at the Flamingo. The website says that they cannot promise early check-in, but when we arrived at 8am from the airport, we were told that the room we booked was vacant and just needed to be cleaned, so we should come back in half an hour to an hour. We come back about an hour later, and are told that we need to come back in another half an hour to an hour. Finally, we go back another hour later and are told the same thing. It takes until past noon for us to check in. I wouldn't have minded if they had just told us up-front that we wouldn't be able to check in until later, because then we would have checked our bags and gone to explore Vegas, but by continually pushing us off for short periods, we were not able to leave the hotel and just had to wait for them to figure their shit out for hours.Customer service disasters (sadly, there were others) aside, I will say that the Flamingo is very convenient. Right across the street from Caesar's Palace, etc. We also liked how many cabs, party buses, etc, were easy to access from the hotel. Other amenities? Huge casino, multiple Mexican restaurants, a sushi restaurant, a food court, a convenience store.The upshot: The Flamingo is probably good if you really like to gamble and you want a good deal on rooms, but I'll definitely be looking elsewhere for our next Vegas weekend.
4	My friend arrived the night before so I cant talk about check in.. The room was very big and we had a little refrig in it. It was very clean and the beds comfy.. my friend complained a bit about the pillows , to me they were ok.  The bathroom was clean and had a tv on the mirror. The shower stayed hot and it had 2 jets so great pressure.
3	The room is nice, but the walls are thin and can hear everything in the rooms next to me. Plus it does not help that there is a women walking the hallway screaming this hotel sucks. Though I suppose that is not the resorts fault. Also it could do for some updates to the hotel itself in the lobby, and it is not easy to access. Had to walk through a mall type area to get to check in. Hopefully the weekend will pan out. Not sure I would recommend it to others coming to Vegas.
4	I have stayed at the Flamingo twice in the past couple months. Both times have been fairly good, one a little better than the other. When I stayed in December, we upgraded to a view Deluxe room and it was pretty nice. The bathroom was redone with a glass shower...nice lighting...tv in the mirror...great view (slightly obstructed by their peeling 'skin' of Donny and Marie). I went and stayed again last weekend and we were in the area that hadn't been renovated so recently. The bathroom was kind of disgusting.... the tub was tiny and had an AC vent in it that was full of grime...yuck. The room itself was clean and had a hard floor (which I liked) and the beds were comfy. View was not so good, but it was a less expensive room. The prices weren't bad (40-50$ per night), but the resort fee of 18$ per night was a little ridiculous considering you don't really get anything for it...especially in the winter. I would stay here again, the location can't be beat and the rooms are fine for the price.
4	Opt for the upgraded room. Its much better than the standard rooms.
4	The Flamingo has evolved into a decent mid-sized option for Vegas.  It won't have all of the bells and whistles of the megaresorts, but it has a lot more to offer than the budget hotels.  Call it a nice medium.I've been to Vegas maybe 30 times and I've grown into a more relaxing pace, which the Flamingo is good for.  It's big enough to offer a lot of services but not too big where you're walking 5 minutes to get from place to place.  The casino, elevators, and restaurants are all close by.  The staff are friendly and the people are relaxed.It's probably not the best option if you're looking for amazing nightlife or a wild weekend, but it's centrally located so all of those things are close by if that's why you want.  Great access to the beautiful Paris and Bellagio, and City Center is a couple of walkways away.The rooms are the same, much better than the budget hotels but obviously a bit older.  The renovations are nice and the size is good, and so is the bed.  The bathroom is small if that's important to you.I went mid-week during the slow season so the price was $26.  Definitely worth the price considering you'll be paying the same for Excalibur or the Stratosphere.  It's a big step up from those places if those are your options.
1	Yeah this is not great.Furniture from several decades in here.Weird plasticky rubbery woodish-looking floors.Scratchy fur blankets at ends of beds have seen some action.Walls marred and filthy, furniture and cabinetry dinged and scratched. No coffee maker. Really?? A room at a Motel 6 has one. And they wouldn't hand one over. Said my room wasn't equipped for it?Where is the shampoo?The wifi totally crawls...Where's the fridge I requested (medical) that all of a sudden they're charging me for? I've never been charged for a fridge, or a coffee maker.Oh I am not the first to use this roll of toilet paper... Some buttons on the phone don't work.Neither does the vending machine.Each person I talk to to try to address something sends me to someone else, and some of the folks are rude.I travel a *lot*. At least once monthly. I have stayed in so many hotels, and this one jst really blows, and not in a silly/sleazy/charming way, either (like Excalibur). Am only staying here b/c the meeting I'm attending booked into this place and it will be the *last time* for sure.
1	Outdated. Rooms are not too bad but tv channel lineup is nowhere to be found. And there is like 4 channels that come in. Paper thin walls as well. Stay somewhere else.
2	It wasn't a bad place to stay, it was comfortable. But I won't stay here again. We stayed in a two queen bed room and one of the beds was broken (falling off the box spring) so we called down to let them know, so we would not be responsible for it. They said someone would be up to fix it. When we came back hours later, the bed looked like it had been moved but not fixed. So the next day we went down stairs to the desk to ask about it, and she said she would put in an order to have it looked at while we were gone for the day. We came back again hours later, and it was STILL broken! The bed was leaning so bad I took pictures to show management, but they don't have a "contact us" on there website. Horrible! Just imagine if someone got hurt... That's a huge law suite waiting to happen!
3	There was no parking also they refused to valet, was available for diamond members only. Too long line to check in. Not enough staff. Hope the room is worth it.
4	VEGAS IS NOT FOR KIDSThere I said it. With all the things that kids have in the world (Disneyland, playing consoles, smart phones, etc.) adults need to have their own playpen. People say I'm an old soul. I like the Vegas of old - a swinging town dominated by gamblers. Even though they're more visitors in Vegas, Macau has become what Vegas was -  the gambling capital of the world. People say the Flamingo is run down. To that I would respond is that if it wasn't for the Flamingo the Las Vegas Strip that we know today wouldn't have existed. The Flamingo isn't kid friendly but if you want that then go to Circus Circus. Let's be honest casinos like Circus Circus wouldn't have made The Strip what it is today. The Flamingo represents a lot of history through good times (Rat Pack) and bad times (mob). There's a certain character the Flamingo that exhibits through this day. Of all the hotels featured in the 1960 movie "Ocean's 11" Flamingo is one of the two hotels remaining.During the Presidents' Day Weekend my friend and me stayed here for 3 days. I never stayed the Flamingo before. My original review of the Flamingo was a 5-star rating because I won over $700 about 2 years ago that paid off my Vegas trip. When we arrived this past Thursday there was a long line in the check in line. However there was no line at the Total Rewards Gold Member line. Being a Total Rewards Gold Member I went to that line to quickly check in. (Here's a tip be a Total Rewards Member so you don't have to wait for a long line at the regular check in.) We stayed at the Go Room. This room represents a modern feel that includs a 42" HD TV and a TV in the bathroom. One of the features I love about the Flamingo is the layout of the casino itself. Even though the casino is smaller than most casinos all the gaming activities are centralized and not spread out as some casinos in The Strip. This makes people gamble more. Another great feature is the garden that includes a wedding chapel and swimming pools. Unfortunately the swimming pools were closed due to renovations. You might ask if I love the Flamingo so much then why on my updated review I didn't give a 5-star rating this time? Two years ago I stayed at the Roman Tower at Caesars Palace. That room at Caesars was twice as spacious than at the Go Room of the Flamingo even though I paid a little more at Caesars. That was the only knock on the Flamingo. The Flamingo remains a gambling playpen for those adults who want to relive the Old Vegas the without the hassle of a kid friendly atmosphere.
1	I am an Interior Designer and was excited to attend KBIS the big kitchen and bath show. So big special pricing offered for Flamingo. But on way from airport in cab I asked the driver about the Flamingo... He hesitated and told a story about two gals who stayed there and had him in stitches about a nasty sofa in the room that they actually had staff take away. HmmmmSo this made me nervous. Upon checkin with all the cigarette smoke and noise I said I was concerned. They offered me an upgrade at plus $50 a night and I took it. But basically my room had a super nasty sofa that was super dirty. Very retro in a bad way. Clean sheets but bed was lopsided. Stayed but was reluctant to touch anything. Not reccomemded
1	The box office is a joke. You shouldn't have to wait an hour to pick up tickets. When there is a line of 100 people and only 2 workers, that is ridiculous. The Flamingo needs to do better than that for me to continue doing business with them. You bet I will tell everyone I know about my experience.
5	We are just checking in now but, so far so GREAT!! Marissa P.  at the front desk has been ABSOLUTELY great!! She arranged us the perfect room after looking up several options for us!! Our trip has only just begun but, so far a great first impression from Marissa!
3	Best parts of the Flamingo:-middle of the strip--great location-clean rooms-decent price-the flamingo habitat (wonder if it's humane, but...)Bad part of the Flamingo:-awful smell in the lobby/casino that smells like air freshener mixed with cigarettes and vomit-the elevators don't work very well-they messed up our bill when we checked in which started things off in a really frustrating way-unprofessional desk staff
3	Decent middle of the road hotel on The Strip. Good location, but needs some fine tuning in the rooms. Huge stains on the carpet skeeve me out. Also, I do not understand the need for the sliding frost glass door on the bathroom that has no lock. If I want to feel like I am taking a dump in front of people I will go outside. Good customer service though.
1	This was the first and last time I stayed at the Flamingo.  First of all, they do not properly keep track of your play at the tables.  They had less than half of what I played at the tables, which resulted in nothing for comps.  I am talking about $2500 and getting credit for $1200, which was a total loss.  The rooms are not clean and kept up.  The elevators take a long waiting time and some don't work at all.  Getting service on the floor takes too long.  This is the worst casino I have ever been at and you will not get comped like any other Caesars casino.  You can go to any other Caesar casino and get comped for play, get a better room, buffet, and shows, but not at the Flamingo.  This was the worst stay in Las Vegas.  If this was my first stay in Las Vegas I would wonder how the other casinos treat their clients.  But, coming to Las Vegas at least 5 times a year I know what you should get at the casinos for play.
3	For the sole purpose of having a place to sleep, shower and keep your stuff dry, Flamingo is more than fine. I wouldn't take my wife here or let my parents stay here but I went to Vegas for a bachelor party and crashed in a Fab Deluxe room for three days without incident. The hotel is most definitely worn down. From the room furniture to the bathroom fixtures to the elevators, it ain't classy. But it's safe enough and the price is usually right. Location is outstanding; I could get on the strip in minutes thanks to my room being right off of the Habitat Elevators (that north exit into the Linq is sweet!). Stay at Flamingo for the convenience, price and nothing else.
1	We booked three rooms in advance and it was suppose to be there updated rooms and all right next to each other. When we got there they changed it on us we had the rooms on the same floor not next to each other which was fine however they were suppose to be king size beds they gave us the rooms with two queens beds, however we did still got the strip view..... The bathrooms were terrible there is no light in the shower it is like taking a shower in the dark and if you wanted to take a hot shower at night forget it you had to wait at least 15 minutes for hot water. The rooms were always cold the heater did not work it was just blowing cold air from the vents..... Not to mention that you would hear the running pipes like a screeching sound through out the night. This was my first time staying at the Flamingo and my last. All I have to say is Terrible.... I can't believe it is part of the Caesar sets of hotels.
3	I debated between three and four stars for the hotel but I just can't quite bring myself to give them the full four stars. Let's call it 3.5 stars instead.My boyfriend and I booked a room at the Flamingo for a weekend in Vegas. Our friends were staying down the street at the Paris but the Flamingo ended up being $50-$60 a night cheaper so we went with it. When you're in Vegas, you don't spend much more time in your room than to sleep and shower anyway and location is the most important element. The Flamingo has an awesome central location on the Strip and most of the major casinos (Bellagio, Paris, Caesar's, Mirage, T.I., Planet Hollywood, etc.) are a fifteen minute or less walk away. Check-in was quick and easy on a Friday night around 8 p.m. There's even a shorter line for Total Rewards members, which is a free player's card that is good at several of the hotels/casinos on the Strip. Although both lines were short at check-in, it's nice to know that this option exists.The biggest headache was trying to find a parking spot. We drove around the labyrinth of parking garage several times before we happened to see a car backing up. It was amazing how few parking spots they have available for hotel guests. It seemed like most of the garage was reserved for valet or another hotel. As for the room itself, we got a standard room with one king size bed. You can tell that the rooms have been upgraded and they look nice with the new fake hardwood floors (always a plus compared to carpet in a hotel room). The pink throw on the bed might look funny in another hotel but it fits the flamingo theme and my boyfriend even commented that they skinned a flamingo for us. :)But if you look closely, you can see that not everything has been upgraded. The doors looked cheap and some of the walls could use a bit of touching up. The countertop of the bathroom looked nice but the cabinetry looked incredibly dated and the bathtub/shower combo is definitely not new. Everything seemed clean though.We had trouble with the TV remote and not all the buttons seemed to work. I could only scroll through the channels in one direction, for instance. Speaking of the channels, there really could be a better selection. There was nothing interesting to watch. I need my HGTV!One other complaint, the walls seem to be very thin and I woke up on Saturday morning to a very loud conversation in Spanish happening in the hallway. Considering the length of the convo, I'd assume it was the maids gossiping and not fellow travelers passing down the hall. All in all, I'd consider staying here again for the right price. But I've had nicer rooms on the Strip in the past.
3	I've stayed here twice, and am now contemplating another stay in October. My first stay I was super impressed. We had a Go Room, and I loved the look and comfort of the room. I didn't find the room dirty at all. Loved the room service chicken tenders after a long night on the strip. Because I had such a good experience I decided to stay here again. This time we stayed in a Fab Deluxe room. It wasn't bad by any means. But it didn't have the clean and comfortable feel as the Go Rooms. It was also kind of a trek to get too which was kind of annoying. However upon my second stay I had less then stellar service. I was locked out of my room for most of the stay. The batteries on the lock were dying and I would constantly have to get replacement keys. Literally 3 a day over a 5 day period!!! I left my wallet by accident on the way to a family birthday dinner and couldn't get back into the room because of course my keys wouldn't work. I ended up having to skip dinner. The employees at the desk were in no way helpful. The one guy told me it was obviously my fault and that I kept "deactivating" keys and was so unapologetic. Security on the last day finally checked the lock told me it was dying. It was literally the worst experience I ever had on vacation! I called the hotel multiple times to get some kind of reaction and nothing. This is the main reason alone I'm debating returning. Why would you wanna treat your customers that way? I paid for a room I could barely get in. So we shall see. Pros:Great location.Good price.Good food options that aren't overly priced. Room service is excellent. Not overly packed. Cons:Elevators are very worn down and dingy looking. Bad customer service.
3	You have to judge Flamingo for what it is. Flamingo isn't trying to be Caesars or Bellagio, Flamingo is a lower option to a number of hotels on the strip but it's a bit cheaper and has a superb location. The good: The Flamingo is one of the few reasonably priced hotels on the strip and that counts for a lot when the casinos are going to be taking your money anyway. The rooms are actually fairly nice as they were recently remodeled. They're a bit pink I admit to stick with the Flamingo theme, but the bathrooms are especially good. There's a tv in the bathroom and the showers have jets coming out of the wall. Top notch stuff. They offer digital check in, you can swipe your credit card at a kiosk and avoid dealing with lines or receptionists.The bad: It's clearly not as nice as some of the surrounding hotels. The casino is pretty bad, it's old, smells awful, has nowhere near enough blackjack, and is actually fairly small. And it's attached to Margaritaville which is crazy expensive and full of terrible slots. The line to check in is the slowest moving line in vegas. There are plenty of computers for receptionists, but never enough receptionists. We were working late one night and got to the hotel after midnight only to find they had cancelled our reservations, so I got stuck in some terrible room after much complaining because they'd just given away the room.Overall: Flamingo's cheaper than most hotels on the strip, just don't expect much.
1	I wish I could post black holes instead of stars! I really wish I could post this with 0 stars.When we checked out they tried to charge additional fees because we were there on a holiday. I was already paying holiday rates! The supervisor became snippy and turned her computer screen towards me so I could read the fine print. At this point 5 employees before her had the opportunity to tell me about the "fine print" including the person who booked our room. No one had uttered a word about increased package fees until that moment. Really Flamingo? You are so desperate that you have to rip off your customers? Along comes the manager who eventually credits my account the overcharge. She acknowledges that the property is aware of the room problems BUT OFFERS NO APOLOGY for the issues.Stay away from this place!!!! And Harrah's in general!!!!!!!!!!!
4	First time stay review of Flamingo Fab room 7101. First, the new FAB rooms aren't new and they're not old, they are partially remodeled. Floor (all wood except bathroom), wall coverings, shower liner, bed (Pillows and Linens), TV (SMALL), and ottoman lounger thing all new. Bathroom (toilet, vanity, mirror) and dresser old. Check-in/out was easy and pain free. Elevator entrance location now very convenient as they put in a new entrance to the Linq/Quad. The room was large! And bed very comfortable. Our view was of the courtyard. For $26/per night this was an absolute fantastic deal. I have no complaints, well worth the price. I would definitely consider staying here again as the value to comfort ratio is substantial.Note, Flamingo has a taxable $18 / night resort fee
1	My review is for their buffet! It was HORRIBLE!!!!!! The food was bland and stale and the drinks we're flat. The orange chicken was spoiled we told the waitress she went got the cook he had the nerve to say it wasn't spoiled it was ginger we was tasting! WTF? We all got up and left. We paid $54 at Harrah's to do the 24 hour buffet and wanted to try all the buffets thats included in the deal. Never again will I eat there. And it wouldn't hurt for them to redecorate the place!
3	Perhaps the best deal on the strip for a room.  If you want a room in the middle of the strip and not want to pay high prices...but don't want to stay in a dump *cough* the Quad *cough*, then stay at the Flamingo.Rooms are clean...not many bells and whistles.  Rooms are cheap...not the greatest casino and the casino kinda smells like the inside of your Grandmother's purse (mixture of makeup powder and ribbon candy).  Speaking of makeup...there is this one place that sells makeup there and the employees are extremely pushy.  One grabbed my fiance and attempted to sell her over $500 dollars worth of product.  He said his "wife loves it."  The dude was speaking with hand motions and a high pitch voice.  You have no wife Carlos!  So is my fiance supposed to trust you about the makeup you are trying to sell her?  The flamingos are neat to look at.  Did you know they are pink because of the stuff they eat?  Imagine if people were like that.  Half the country would be the color of a Big Mac.Stay here and save money.  Clean, decent, in the middle of everything, and cheap.
2	This hotel was ok. It was good value for being in Vegas especially located in the middle of the strip.  The room was not too good.  The beds didn't even come with comforters and at the end of the bed was a rug like thing that was pink.  The bathroom was alright the shower had a little rust in it and there was a soap under the sink and the maids never picked it up while I was there which was disgusting.  The casino part of the hotel was pretty good when you have a low budget where table games start at 5 dollars and blackjack is 10.  You will get some good benefits if you have a platinum total rewards card or higher which can jump the buffet line or get discounts off of the hotel store. Overall this hotel is below average. I probably won't be staying here next time.
2	The service is all around Slow. There is major construction going on and the is no easy way to the Strip. Also all the pools and hot tubs are closed because of construction, except 1 pool and it is jam packed with people laying in walkways and on steps. Management doesnt care and says "the web site warned us". My point is; stay away till at least memorial weekend. It is supposed to be done by then.
1	This is for the PRICE MATCH policy they have, I was ordering the room for June 2014 and realize after placing the reservation I was redirected to a price match guarantee which later on about 2 hours later found a cheaper hotel price for exact same thing for $20 cheaper for a weekend but yes it sounds like a little but they said they will price match plus discount 10% after submitting the file they decline and said they are the same price but I check multiple times on hotels.com so if it's cheaper you must honor it and booking from a offset should save them money but nope. They told me I didn't provide enough proof.. How much can I give you other then a snap shot and the form.. Very bad service from service department dealing with price match they gave me a rough time so I just canceled and book at hotels.com for $20 cheaper so hopefully flamingo loses money and have to pay a cut to other sites. Go book at hotels.com it's better trust me
4	Location, location, location.  This has become my group of friends and I preferred hotel for a number of reasons. One you can't beat the location at the corner of The Strip and Flamingo road you are smackdown in the middle of the strip. Plus with the Linq opening up close by it makes the location even better. As far as bang for the buck the hotel offers a lot of value especially if your like my friends and I and all you use your room for is a to $hit, shower,  shave, and sleep because your too busy having fun to watch t.v. in your room. The pool at the flamingo is really nice and they have a party pool and a family pool so you dont have to worry about a bunch of kids running around and taking up valuable lounge chair space. And finally my friends and I really like the vibe of the poker room and they have a bar next to the poker room so drink service is usually very quick.Now if I was going for a weekend with a pretty lady I probably would choose a more luxurious hotel with better rooms, but as a boys or girls weekend place for the money I dont think you can do any better than Flamingo Las Vegas.
1	This hotel has 2 parts, the Fab rooms (old) and the Go rooms (less old) I didn't see the go rooms, but the Fab rooms are the ones I saw, they are at a moderate price. (About $175). Now for that price plus a surprise $20 hotel fee per night and $28 to check in early, you'd expect a nice room. Nicer at least. And they say it has been "remodeled"...eh, not enough. The staff were all very nice... too bad they don't have a better place to work. This hotel was dirty and run down, I can't believe anyone would stay there unless they were already drunk. The elevators were broken, disgustingly dirty, missing buttons on the panel and floors were sticky. Get off to find gross hallway carpet smelling of booze and pot. The room had no amenities other than a TV. Pieces of the furniture were broken, laminate torn and flapping off the one dresser, and water drips from the tub faucet. At least they thought to remove the in room carpet and replace it with (ugly) laminate floors. The bed was okay, but it had a skanky (no other word for it), pink shag throw on it that you just didn't want to touch. The bathroom was clean (yay) with poor water temperature in the shower. The walls are so thin you can hear your neighbors talking. Definitely a place to stay if you are 25 going to a bachelor party. Not the place to stay otherwise.
1	My first night at the Flamingo, I won a nice jackpot and decided to call it a night. When I got up to the room I discovered the TV didn't work. I tried to call the front desk- and the phone didn't work!! The bedside clock didn't work, either. The bathroom hadn't been updated at all and (surprise!) the fan didn't work. As a result, the paint on the cabinets was bubbled and peeling and the faceplate on the fan was rusty. Overall- the bathroom seemed pretty grubby. Don't gamble on the Flamingo- it's not a winner.
2	We have stated at flamingo twice now. The first time, we felt we got our money's worth, we paid $40/night and it was okay. The second time, we were extremely disappointed! We just came back from spring break where they only had the family pool open! They squeezed hundreds of people into a pool meant for only about 100 people. We were all sitting on the cement, in stair cases, wherever we could find a spit for our butts. On SPRING BREAK! They had their huge 21 and over pool closed on spring break!! Needless to say, we were extremely disappointed as we came to Vegas on spring break for some pool time parties. There were no signs to let us know that either, no pre-warning of any kind. Second, this is a hotel who 2 years ago said charging resort fees was wrong. Guess who charges resort fees now?! And not only that, but they charged me $129 security deposit to make sure my $60 resort fees went through okay. What?! Third, there were countless things wrong in our room including huge holes in doors. We definitely will not be back. Stay at Mlife resorts in Vegas.
3	I've stayed at the Flamingo twice too many times and I don't see myself staying here again (unless otherwise).Both times I've stayed in the Fab Deluxe room and there's nothing really 'Fab' about it. Sure it's remodeled but it's just a basic room with two comfortable beds (I stayed in the Queen room both times), fake hardwood floors and a flat screen. The bathroom was NOT remodeled and looked like it's seen better days.Both times I've stayed here, my keys stopped working....ummm that's not ok. Especially when I had to go downstairs and wait in a long line just to get a new one ughhhh.The second time I've stayed here, we had some toilet issues and after about 2 hours someone finally looked at it (I could've fixed the toilet myself instead of waiting that long for a maintenance worker ha!) I was even offered a $30 credit for the 'inconvenience' but I ended up not using it (oh well).Once thing I did like about this hotel is, I didn't have to wait in a line to check in. I checked in & out at one of the kiosks by the front desks. Now that was very convenient!Another plus is the location! Right in the heart of the strip! I can't complain about that!All in all if you are looking for a hotel in the heart of the strip & a room to take your naps, then the Flamingo is the place for you!
5	Thanks Ruth for the great customer service you provided!!! Executive suite had an amazing view!!!!
2	A few modifications and this hotel could be great.  Unfortunately, the recent renovations fell short for a few reasons.  1. The Habitat elevators were disgustingly filthy.  The rest of the casino felt fairly clean, but please, someone, polish the brass regularly and wipe down the buttons!2. New vinyl floor in the rooms = tons more noise from room to room.  We literally were able to conduct conversations with the girls next door, and we didn't know them.  We had adjoining rooms, but the doors were closed, and there was a 1" gap between the floor and the bottom of the door.  Either put plush carpeting back in, or add weather sripping to muffle some of the noise.  This was awful.3. No coffee machine in the room?  When was the last time you stayed in a hotel without a coffee maker?  $240/night should include basic necessities if you ask me. Coffee, fridge (also not included).4. The blankets were inadequate.  They delivered more when we called for them, but again, I point to the room price - this should not be an add-on.5. Terrible shower head and mold in the bathroom.6. Hall carpet needs to be replaced.  It was stained beyond repair, but worse, buckled in places, causing trip hazards.The good: the casino air quality was great.  I didn't leave feeling like I'd smoked a pack of cigarettes.  The Go Pool was lovely.  The beds were extremely comfortable.For the price, I would never recommend this hotel to anyone.
3	Time for an update since my original review is nearly two years old. I've stayed here a number of times since then, and while I can't give it a full bump-up to four stars, I can say it's definitely improved (if I could give it 3 1/2 stars, I would).The pros: With the addition of The Linq and the reworking of the surrounding area, the location of Flamingo went from very good to great. It's become easier than ever to make your way north up the Strip to The Quad, Harrah's, and points north (in fact, the Habitat Tower elevators are just down the hall from the exit to The Linq, which is insanely convenient). Meanwhile, the monorail station out back is very useful if you're looking to travel further north or south without all the foot traffic. Also, points for affordable gambling (there's usually a pretty wide assortment of $10 blackjack) and lodging (after taxes and resort fees, I paid $520 and change for five nights).The cons: They mostly lie in the age of the property. Some of the rooms (namely in the Habitat Tower) could use slight upgrades, namely in bathrooms. I'm pretty tall and almost hit my head in the shower. Also, the buffet, which used to be one of the best in Las Vegas, has gotten much worse. We went for breakfast one day, and one could count the number of pieces of fresh fruit being served on one hand. Finally, the sports book is unremarkable and very smoky. We spent most of Sunday afternoon there watching the NCAA basketball tournament, and the set of clothes I wore that day smelled like cheap cigar smoke for the rest of the trip. Also, while the tellers taking bets were personable and did a great job, drink service to the sports book was VERY slow (I made the remark that they must be running the rum in from the Dominican; it sure seemed that way!).Conclusion: The Flamingo is a fun, cheap, and convenient place to stay. You could do better if you're willing to spend more money, but it's a good bargain, you can't beat the location, and the casino is decent enough. However, steer clear of the buffet, and if you pop into the sports book to place bets, make sure it's a short visit.
2	My friends and I stayed at Flamingo hotel at their Fab Deluxe Double Queen room. It was a good deal, two nights coming out to about $250 for 2 queen beds. My two friends had stayed at Flamingo hotel before and recommended it because it was a good deal for how much you pay. I was skeptical at first, because Flamingo has been around for a while (compared to the other hotels on the strip), but I decided to give it a try, and with two couples, $250 was a steal! While reading the website, it stated that the room was newly remodeled. My friend was telling me how their bathrooms were really nice and had a tv inside. When we arrived, all we saw that was remodeled was the floor. The beds and bathroom felt like I was staying at a motel! It turns out she was talking about the Go Deluxe! We were coming from LA after work, so we were too tired to ask the front desk if we could switch rooms and we decided to stay at the Fab Deluxe Double Queen. Their bed was mediocre. Their blanket was hardly a blanket. It was a flat sheet with a  cheaper feeling fleece blanket. I think the blankets also made me a little itchy =[ The bathroom was really small! The last time I had a bathroom that small was when I went snowboarding in Mammoth and we stayed at a motel! The shower was very strong and was hurting my back =[For what we paid, it definitely was what we got. I probably would not come back to this particular room. I would definitely book the Go Deluxe next time to see the upgrades. In terms of a Vegas room, it is definitely what I would anticipate if I was heading to Vegas. So many other hotels with great quality but you definitely would have to pay more for the rooms. For this price, I would rather take my money to MGM. Flamingo made MGM feel like a 5 star resort when I usually think of MGM as one of the lower quality hotels compared to Venetian, Cosmopolitan and Aria.
3	Pretty nice hotel. Use the kiosks to check in for sure. Service was actually really friendly here. Some parts of the hotel are kind of ghetto but even in that part the rooms were nice. We also had a great view. Location is great and price was too.
2	Not very nice... I've been in nicer Motel 6's.Arrived to the hotel at 12:30, the line to check-in took about an hour and half. The room (Fab Deluxe, double queen) was dirty, and the water pressure in the shower was not great. Saw cockroaches crawling up the walls in the hallways and the elevator was sticky and buttons were missing. My key deactivated several times and I was unable to get in the room The Flamingo really smells like cigarettes, more so than other hotel/casinos I visited. NO WIFI: costs 20 dollars per night.Pros: great location, right in the middle of the strip. The flamingo habitat is beautiful and the GO pool looked amazing although I didn't go. Exits to the Linq, a great mini strip with retail stores and restaurants. Tip: go to the starbucks right outside for free wifi. Went to Vegas for a conference so the room was paid for, but I understand that the Flamingo is one of the less expensive Vegas hotels. You get what you pay for, I guess. If you're going to Vegas for fun and won't be spending too much time in the room, it's just OK.
5	Was there over the weekend for a work event. We had a block of rooms and no issues at all checking in since it's right in the middle of March madness. We were given a conference room suite that very suitable for our large group. The entire flamingo family was great and went above and beyond to make our stay memorable. Out point of contact was  Kim Reiss, Catering Convention Service Manager. He's was very attentive and on top of any concerns we had and was available any time. The flamingo is a great place to stay, the location is great and it's puts u within walking distance of almost anything.
4	Although I usually stay at Caesars or Paris, I often stay here instead because they have the best corned beef hash. Excellent for countering hangovers. Wake up naked, call room service and order corned beef hash and smoke a joint while waiting. Hangover will be cured in no time.
3	Flamingo is old time Vegas, but the location and the price are why I stay there.you can not expect 5star when paying 2star price. The room had been renovated,flat screen,big comfortable bed,decent shower etc.I have no complaints,the staff were all friendly,room was clean and you are right on the center of the strip.I did join the total rewards program before arrival which did bypass the check in line.The money I saved on the hotel went towards Pen and Teller show,excellent.
3	I think that the overall score of 3 stars is accurate for the Flamingo. Having been to Las Vegas several times and staying at a variety of hotels, our stay there was definitely 3 plus stars, but can't make it 4. While they have renovated the rooms, the bathrooms still date back more than a decade.The service was great and the casino is ideally located around the intersection of Flamingo road. When we first arrived the construction all around was a real drag and complicated our access to the hotel, but over our stay we made it work. My main reason for choosing Flamingo was the price due to it being a last minute trip and a busy March Madness weekend in Vegas. Overall, I would stay there again if the price is right, but there are better properties in the area for a marginally higher rate.
2	While the hotel was fabulous (love the pink everywhere!), the customer service was horrendous! Specifically, the check in/out process was the worst I've ever experienced! The front desk attendant provided us with wrong information at check-in and was complete incompetent. He could not accurately explain charges to our credit cards and made the process messy and confusing. Upon check out, our front desk attendant noted we were double charged resort fees! This was an "easy fix" at check in, but had been overlooked because the front desk attendant was awful. Another unfortunate situation we experienced dealt with cleanliness. The room service a guest across the hall ordered was not removed for over 24 hours. I literally had to call down to guest services and ask them to pick it up because the ranch dressing had spilled everywhere. It was disgusting. Needless to say, we enjoyed our room and pool at the Flamingo, but will never stay there again because of the terrible customer service.
1	My hotel room was being flipped by a man when I returned to my room.  I actually caught the man in my room going through all my belonging.  It turns out it was the maid that let him in the room.  Then the Flamingo (every manager I have spoken to and there have been several) argues that they are not to blame and will compensate me for my room charges.  I even had to insist for a room upgrade after they moved me to another room after the incident (as they call it).  They were not sympathetic at all that my belongings were all gone through and that it was their maid that let him into my room.  Now if something would have been stolen then they say it would have been a different story.  Thank god I caught him in the act.  I WARN EVERYONE, NEVER STAY AT THIS HOTEL!!
1	This has been the worst experience EVER!  The hotel was dirty with a roach crawling across our room.  Mold in the bath room.  To add insult to injury, they have charged us for 3 nights even though we only stayed 2. They acknowledge we were there for 2 and that we paid for 2 but the reservation was through Priceline and the dates were wrong so they were billing us an extra day - totally frustrating!  Don't bother.  The lack of Customer Service is appalling!  This experience has been the worst hotel stay I've ever had.
4	HOORAY!!!  I won five cents on the penny slots here!  I know, total high roller :P$1 kept me entertained for five minutes and I ended up winning a nickel.  Woo Hoo!!Thank you, thank you very much Flamingo.
1	Alright, this was my first time in Vegas and in a Vegas hotel, so maybe they are all like this, but based on walking through the MGM, I doubt it.  Firstly, the adjoining rooms that we were supposed to have were suddenly not available, and there weren't even any rooms we could book next to each other, although the hotel looked less than crowded.  The closest we could get was in the same hallway.  Then when we got to the elevators... it looked so rundown I didn't want to go into it!  I have a fear of badly maintained elevators, and this one was scratched and old looking.  Our floor's carpet was in no better shape: dirty, and crinkled.  I wouldn't let people into my house with the way that looked.  I felt disgusted that I was paying for that.The room itself was okay, except the fact that the blanket couldn't keep someone warm if they were standing with it on in 90 degree weather.  I almost wanted to put my jacket over me when sleeping, and I'm someone that can usually tolerate the cold.  Then there's the WiFi you pay for, when it's free in Motel 6 or most shady motels, for that matter.  Ridiculous.And the customer service... here we go.  I have (except once or twice) never been so rudely treated in my entire life.  I got lost one night, because my sense of direction sucks in new places, and they tried to kick me out of the hotel lobby because I wasn't gambling but looking to meet up with my people.  When I FINALLY convinced them that I stayed there, they demanded to see my room card and wanted to know what room I was in.  I couldn't remember that either, just that we were three down from the end of the hall on the left.  (I still can't remember the number.  I suck with numbers).  They continued to harass me until my friends showed up, at which time they told them that I had been acting drunk and they were kicking me off the floor.  How drunk could I have been "acting" when half the places around smell like vomit, and I can safely say I was nowhere near that point?  When my boyfriend asked what I did, they said that they couldn't say, just that I was drunk.  He then said, "Does she look drunk?" To which they had to say no.  Then the manager came over and said that we all had to leave and that none of us could gamble anymore.  She said it was a "managerial decision."So, if you aren't going to give them money every second, be prepared to be kicked out, even if you're staying there.This place made the worst California hotels look like resorts.
4	This was my first time staying at The Flamingo and I loved it. We had a clean room with a decent view of the strip and at a reasonable price. Most comfortable bed ever at a hotel. Easy access to The Linq and Strip. Having read other reviews, I was worried about elevators or our key cards...but had no problems with either. Plenty of options for late night drunk munchies...my faves were Johnny Rockets and pizza at the cafe right outside the garden area. I will definitely be staying  here again.
1	Customer service was deplorable!  My reservations were made several weeks in advance and they knew exactly what time I would be arriving.  Upon arriving I was told my booking had been oversold and they needed to find another type of room.  Room #1:  went up to the 28th floor only to find our keys didn't work.  Called front desk & waited for security.  He was (finally) able to access the room only to find it had not been cleaned at all.  Back to the front desk.  Room #2:  back up to the 28th floor.  Again cards did not work.  Security opened the door, but thankfully the guests had the deadbolt on or we would've walked in on them.  Back to the front desk.  Room #3:  Back up to the 28th floor.  Keys worked.  Room was NOT nice, and the keys continued to not work several times over the next two days.  The front desk staff did NOT ONCE even offer an apology.  There are too many choices in Las Vegas to have this be one of them.
2	I have two stays at Flamingo, because I am not good at learning my lessons the first time around. My first problem is I used to fall for all those comp offers Harrah's sends at you. Honestly, when you realize flights are on sale and you can get your hotel stay for FREE, who says no? Well, this guy is now in the business of saying "no" to all Harrah's offers. Free is good, but comfort and time are more important. Harrah's properties steal both. My first complaint with Flamingo is it is tragically dated. Like, it's sad. We recently did a week-long stay where we split it between Flamingo and Paris. My first words once we got to our room in Paris were, "We're never staying at Flamingo again."Everything about the place is ancient, with no hope in sight. The rooms are comical. Almost as bad as Bally's. So, you would think well at least you could get a room with a view, right? Well, no matter how many hundreds of dollars we (and by "we" I mean my wife) donated to the casino floor, we still were never afforded a strip-front room. And that's crap, because I know it's an option. Two stars because I've always found the staff to be very friendly and the buffet is a good option on an off-night with a coupon.
1	This was my third and last time staying at the Flamingo. Stayed here for my friends Bachelorette party and everything about our stay was HORRID! My friend called the hotel to book a Suite for 8 people. When we checked in the gave us two connected rooms when my friend specifically said she wanted one big suite. Our two rooms were a Fab Room and a "mini suite" we had one updated room and the other was disgusting and old! The couch was for DISGUSITINGGGGG. With white mystery stains and all. We were all pissed and dissatisfied with this room since we spent more than a pretty penny on the room. They did nothing for us. The supervisors Josh and Ramon were the most unhelpful human beings I've beer talked to in my life. When we told them we had 8 people in the room they said "that room does not hold eight people. We charge $30 extra a night per person" WTH!!! We called and asked for a room for 8 people and you want to charge us extra for YOUR MISTAKE??? Also none of the ice machines worked on our floor, the floor below us and the floor above us. The front desk wanted to charge us EIGHT DOLLARS FOR ICE. All they care about is getting as much money as possible. I hate you Flamingo. I used to love you but now I'm a sad angry customer.
3	I was here in October 2013. One of my best friends and I stayed in a double bed suite over looking Caesars Palace. Not anything fancy but we decided to go with Flamingo because of the location and the awesome tropical habitat. It would be our first time In Vegas and we stayed for 10 days. (way to long lol) I found this hotel to be  very smokey compared to other hotels on the strip we visited. I can't remember the wing we stayed on but we had to walk right through the casino by the flamingo habitat, pizza place, etc to get to the elevators and I choked up every time. And I SMOKE!!! lol Price wise it was pretty good. About 115usd in resort fees and 15 bucks a day or something like that for wifi and you can only connect one device? but for the amount of time we actually stayed at the hotel, what evs. The location is great. Pretty central. Close to everything and the train thingy stops right there. Really close to the Hash House a Go-Go. You really have to Go-Go there. mmmm... Lots of shops in the hotel itself and soon to be more and more rooms as they were in the middle of construction when we were there. Check in wasn't too long and the staff was friendly enough. There was an older guy there that really stood out. I wish I would have gotten his name because I would have dropped it right here ______ is an awesome employee!! Give him a raise!! lolI would recommend the Flamingo if you are like we were and almost never in the hotel anyway. When you're running on 3 hours of sleep a night just because you're up sightseeing all night a little smoke really isn't going to kill ya.(MGM was the best smelling! LOL)
4	I have always liked the Flamingo. Never got to actually stay there but a few years ago, my cousin did so zip got to check out the pool, spa, slot machines and the actual Flamingos. I loved the atmosphere actually but there are better places you can stay. The grounds itself were on point, cocktail waitresses serving the drinks while gambling were on point. It really is just a very old property in Las Vegas.
1	We checked in at 8:30 pm Friday night. Drive all the way from LA on our way too Reno, and just wanted to take a hot shower, kids and all. They did not tell us at check in there was no hot water. Got up to the room and got naked ready for a shower, NO HOT WATER. Called the front desk got put on hold for 25 minutes but talked to two people that picked up but were not managers. Tracy at the front desk stated that they thought it had been fixed and she was sorry and that some of the towers have BEEN having issues. Finally after 25 minutes Ricardo the manager got on the phone and of course I was pissed asked what they are doing to compensate, he said he could refund the resort fee of $20.16 and that was all. He was VERY UNHELPFUL AND RUDE. HE STARTED THAT IT WOULD BE FIXED IN AT LEAST AN HOUR AND IT IS 11:20 pm now. I asked if we could at least switch rooms and he said they had no rooms left. I went online right after and they had plenty of rooms. I also asked why they did not inform me at check in and he said that they did not know about the issues, WHICH WAS A LIE. Tracy at the front desk told me they were having issues already and knew know about it. NOT HAVING ANYMORE ROOMS WAS ALSO A LIE. The manager Ricardo treated me like I was was hustling for a free room, but I think if you pay for a hotel room the least you can get is hot water. The total lack of customer service by  manager to do anything about it was unbelievable. If they would have told me from the get go about the hot water I would have gone to Harrahs next door. So they choose to lie to us to get our money. I just called again and talked to manager Josh who was very nice and said he could move us to another room,(but Ricardo said there were no rooms)that again proved he was lieing. My daughter is sleeping so we can't change rooms now but would have loved to 4 hours ago when we first checked in. JOSH the competent manager also have us a thirty dollar credit for breakfast or drinks, why was Ricardo such an idiot and why is he a manager if he was not willing to do anything? I will never come back here. I work in the gaming industry and know they would comp a room in a second for a gamer or VIP but Ricardo would do nothing for a regular customer with a child. I am so disgusted with his customer service he should be fired. At least Josh was willing to do something but 4 hours too late. I guess it matters who you talk to. I had to give it one star just because Josh was nice and actually was willing to move us tho a new room.
3	Meh - I was forced to stay here while in town for a convention by my "cost conscious" boss. It appears it is about to be renovated since the parent company now owns like all 6 casinos in a row next to it, hopefully that will help. The buffet food was not good, the rooms were "ok", the crowd was "meh". If I had to pay for a hotel in Vegas with my own money however, I would not stay here.
4	We came here for the vegas part of our honeymoon roadtrip and the people at the flamingo did everything to make our stay there more comfortable. I slipped in a 20$ bill when we checked in for our three night stay and the girl at check-in made sure (even asked for help when she couldn't find one) we got a nice room! We ended up with a suite in the old part of the hotel and we had a really nice view of the swimming pool. There was construction going on all around the hotel but we didn't notice anything from our room. Parking was pretty good once we found out how it worked, used valet for the first two days.
5	very nice location  great rates  nice pool rooms are huge and clean and customer service (front desk) are great ;) will come back soon
2	I stayed here for my bachelorette party last weekend. Overall, the location and price were decent, but that was about it. We had a group of four and originally had booked a renovated room with two queens. They gave us an option at the counter to upgrade to a suite that was not renovated, but that was supposed still be clean and functional. We opted "upgrading" to the suite since we figured the extra space would be nice. They ONLY good thing about our suite was that we had extra space. However, it wasn't much of a suite. There were stains on the furniture, and in the bathroom, I found a pubic hair on one of the beds (and this was when we walked in...GROSS), and there was absolutely ZERO ventilation. Not only were there no windows that could be opened, there wasn't even a bathroom fan (isn't that required these days, especially if the bathroom doesn't have a window?). Additionally, the cord for the hair dryer in the bathroom literally started smoking after two uses. And let's not forget about the beds...we were supposed to get two queen beds, but ended up with full sized beds. Maybe they were considered queen sized when the place first opened, but these are definitely not queens by today's standards. Oh, and did I mention that we did not have a mini fridge, additional sink, or anything else that is normally standard in a SUITE? Aside from the room that clearly needed to be gutted and redone, room service was super pushy. Check-out is 11:00 AM at this place. It was 9:30 AM and we were in the process of getting everything packed up when we started hearing several SUPER loud knocks on the door. We opened it up and a housekeeping lady said she needed to come in and clean our room. We told her we weren't ready for her yet and to please come back later, as we just needed a little bit more time (again, check-out is at 11:00 AM) and you can refuse housekeeping if you want until you leave. She looked at us as if we were crazy or didn't totally understand what we were saying and closed the door. I'm not exaggerating when I say she began knocking frantically again in less than TWO minutes. When we opened the door to tell her to please come back LATER, she barged in with her cart and told us that she had to clean our room now because it was the last room of her shift and needed to leave. ARE YOU KIDDING ME??? The only reasons I give this place two stars are because of the location and price (and perhaps it's not quite as bad if you get a room that's been renovated). That being said, I will be staying at a different hotel if I go back.
3	Hotel stay from Thursday,  April 10 - April 13, 2014On Thursday, I took a trip to Vegas to celebrate my friend's bachelorette party.  The bride to be and I were first timers, so the maid of honor did all the planning for us including booking our stay at the Flamingo. Also,  the bride to be and I were the first to arrive at the airport which was 11am. Vegas check ins aren't until well over 3pm, so we left the airport and killed time at In-N-Out burger to eat, catch up on old times, and wait for the MOH to arrive. Later that afternoon, our group was together and the MOH stood in the mile long line to get the room keys.   There were only four employees working the check in and hundreds of people in line,  it took nearly an hour just to check in.  We saw a sign that said: "rooms on the 14th floor or higher, take the Habitat Elevators" ( the elevators closest to the Flamingo and bird exhibits) so we went up to find our room. What we found instead was a literal work in progress. We stepped off the elevator and to our left was caution tape blocking off an area of rooms down a dusty hallway.  We thought we were lost until we found people coming out of rooms from the right of us so we continued on only to find that our number was back where the construction site was located. ..There was mold, debris, dust, the ghosts of Wayne Newton and Dean Martin, and creepy uprooted carpet that reminded us of 'The Shining.' the MOH quickly called the front desk and the concierge didn't even know what floor we were talking about. So she told us to come back down to the front and she would direct us to our room. We ended up walking all over the casino, getting the runaround twice before we found the right place.  I already knew off the bat that we weren't getting the nice room that's advertised on the website judging by the same creepy hallway and blocked off caution tape section near our room (different building by the way, from the original horror movie floor) and we went in and were highly displeased.  The only modern thing about our room was the floor and the paint on the walls. There was mold in the shower and on the shower curtain,  nasty stained caulk. ..there was nothing Fab or Deluxe about this room. For an extra $30 per night fee, the MOH was able to call and do a room upgrade (called the GO rooms) which should have been complimentary from all the mess we'd been through. We packed our things after about 20 min. in the room and once more we journeyed across the casino and waited in the line to get the new keys. Once we got off the elevator to the 19th floor, I saw the funky, new, carpeting that I'd recognized from the website and took a huge sigh of relief.  Our room was adorable especially the view and the bathroom where I took advantage of watching TV from the shower as often as possible. So here is the Flamingo in a nutshell:Pros: - beautiful exterior and interior for one of the oldest hotels on the strip. - Margaritaville Casino and restsurant downstairs.- Flamingo habitat,  pool deck, and wedding chapel.- express check out saved us a headache and hours in line.- bag check before check in and after check out while waiting for a taxi was very reliable.- directly connected to the Linq outdoor shopping and dining center.Cons:- they have people living on the floors that are still under construction for renovations...health hazard much?!?- getting the run around  from concierge because they didn't know where our room was located.- False advertising for rooms on the website. And you have to pay extra for a room you initially thought you were getting.- resort charges include spotty wi-fi for only ONE device and gym usage that isnt even open 24 hours.
1	Where to start... We checked in on a Tuesday afternoon and we were checked into a very nice room on the 27th floor. Problem was that the room had never been cleaned after the previous guest. Bed was not made, wet towels in the bathroom and trash still in all the bins. The front desk did respond promptly to dispatch housekeeping to clean the room.  Despite the prompt cleaning, cigarette burns on the nightstand and the cloud of marijuana smoke still lingered all week. Over the next few days our card keys would just stop working. They were not carried next to cell phones, magnets or any other credit cards but somehow they would just stop working. The front desk initially did very little to fix the problem and in fact they took my wife's card key and did not give her a replacement. Their solution was to have security unlock the door and let her in to look for anything that proves that she belongs to the room.  The front desk said security would give her a new key and security said the front desk would give her a new key. Classic buck passing and indifference.  Finally I had to leave my conference to go to the front desk and demand new keys. That night when we came back to our room there was a drunk guy passed out in the hallway.  The following night my coworkers room was broken into and items were stolen. Clearly security does very little to patrol the hallways of the guest floors. After the break in and theft, guest services and security did nothing to try to alleviate the situation or improve the customers opinion of the hotel. The only plus to this place was the location which is pretty central to everything on the strip. I will look elsewhere for lodging in the future.
1	I was kicked out of the pool here by a security guard named Richard L. because he said I was dancing in the middle concrete slab. When I told him it wasn't me, then he told me to point them out. I wouldn't point them out, and he told me I had to leave. I filed a complaint with the security supervisor and was not taken seriously. I don't plan on ever coming back here again
4	As the updates show, I've been staying here forever. So here's what you need to know:1. If you don't have a Total Rewards card before you arrive, stop at the desk and get one. Then when the check-in line is a mile long you can check in at a kiosk and skip the wait. Or if you're a player and you score Diamond status you can go off in a fancy check-in lounge. I'm a low roller, so the kiosk is usually how I roll.2. The later in the day you check in, the less likely you are to get the room you wanted. If your flight gets in late at night, just plan on rolling with it. If you're staying a few days you can always move rooms the next day. 3. The location on the Strip is ideal. You're across from Caesar's, next to the Quad, next to Bally's, across from Bellagio. If you need to get to the convention center, the monorail is out back and an easy walk. The construction at the Linq is pretty much wrapped up, and the remodeling job at the former Bill's will be done in May/June.4. The Fab rooms are all recently redone except for the bathrooms. It's just the way it is. The Go rooms are fun, especially the funky spa shower. Some of those Go rooms are showing some wear. But overall the hotel is a good deal.5. The Linq next door is a lot of fun. Nothing in the Linq is cheap. If the way the lobby looks on the way to the Linq is any sign of what the future of this hotel is, a really nice remodeling job may be on the way.6. While I adore the waitress who has waited on me in the Tropical Breeze for years at breakfast, if I'm going to have to pay $18 for breakfast, I'll walk next door to the Quad and eat at Hash House. Plus Hash House is now open 24/7 and the Flamingo's coffee shop is now primarily breakfast and lunch. It's hard to find a cheap meal anywhere on the strip anymore.7. The Margaritaville casino is fun and now has more table games than before. The 5 o'clock Somewhere bar in that casino is probably the most fun bar in the hotel outside of Margaritaville itself.8. Carlos & Charlies is annoying. Maybe I'm just too old to understand.9. The Go Pool is probably the best pool in Vegas outside of Mandalay.10. Service is friendly in this hotel. If you're nice to the staff, they will return that kindness and reward you for it. If you're drunk and obnoxious, they will tolerate you. Don't be that guy.
4	Your Experience at the Flamingo is TOTALLY what you make it. If you opt for a higher floor and a GO room then it will be a great stay. If you stay on a lower floor in an older room, totally different experience and one I wouldn't be cool with. It is like staying in 2 completely different hotels. Our room was clean, the hallway carpets were new and clean, and our view was probably the best in Vegas. (stayed on the 22nd floor facing the strip). The elevators were haunted I think. Going downstairs, the elevator in the lobby tower would stop on the 11th floor almost every time. Other times, different lights would light up as the elevator was moving. Strange but kinda cool if you want to imagine that the mobsters are still haunting the place. Wasn't an inconvenience just strange. The Pool is Awesome, the Casino itself was so-so. I didn't see any big pay-outs so definitely on the tighter side but it is the Strip. Cocktail waitresses were awesome if you tipped them. Never had to wait for a drink. All in All, the Flaming is a really fun place to stay if you are cool with a relaxed vibe and not a lot of frills and luxury.
4	I will definitely be staying here when I go back to Vegas. The pool area is fantastic, although drink prices are a little high, but that's pretty much everywhere in vegas. The hotel staff were by far the friendliest and most helpful I have encountered.Currently parking is a pain because of construction, but just make sure you turn on "Linq Avenue" and you'll find the parking quite easily.The room was very swanky with fake hard wood floors - so much better than carpet, and floor to ceiling windows.
2	It's fine but our check in was a disaster.  The girl at the front desk attempted to upgrade our room but actually upgraded us to a room that wasn't accessible due to renovations.  She sent us to the wrong elevators which didn't even go to our floor then when we found the right elevators we couldn't get to the room.  We went back to the front desk where the manager type sent us back to the Habitat elevators and assured us we could get to the room.  No go.  I returned to the desk agitated and the manager type was more concerned in explaining that he was offended by my dropping of the f bomb (not cool but frustration had set in) than he was getting me into a room.  He said he didn't appreciate the language, I told him i didn't appreciate being sent to a construction zone.  Anyhow, we got another room which was fine.  It overlooked The Linq which was pretty noisy and we probably should have asked for a move but at the same time the view was cool.  Would I stay here again?  Maybe.  It's got location going for it, the grounds are nice and we liked the pool.  Our bags didn't make the flight at the airport, and the bell desk were also very helpful getting us our bags when they arrived.  So it has some good points but the check in left a bad taste in my mouth.  As a repeat visitor, I feel i deserved better from The Flamingo.
3	I just stayed at Flamingo for a week and for my wedding. I chose it here since they have a beautiful pool area and nice garden area for photos. I have stayed here one other time, and I hated it, but this time was an improvement. I got a fast check in at the platinum/diamond check in area, which was a plus. I just had a regular Fab room, but was surprised to have a wonderful strip view. I looked directly across from Ceasers and could see Bellagio as well. I was on the 26th floor and sat in the chaise every night before bed to look at the fabulous strip. The room itself was just ok. Cleanliness, especially the bathroom is questionable. The bed was very very comfortable though. I didn't win in the casino here, although I never do. I Ioved the pool area. I didn't eat here, so I can't comment on that. I was slightly annoyed by the time share people right when you get off or on the elevator, but I learned to just keep walking. Overall the stay was fine, no problems, and if it's comped I'd stay here again. Perfect location on the strip!!
1	The worst place I have ever stayed. It's better to spend a bit more for much better quality. The security is lame. The won't do anything if you've been robbed. They will literally shrug and ignore you. They will also screw up the rooms you reserved cuz they can't do their damn job and when they finally get it right, you are offered no apology. Just a lot of side eyes. Who wants to start their vacation like that? This place doesn't even try. Don't waste your money here. They'll ruin your vacation.
2	We decided to stay an extra day (Sunday) and we found a great deal. Usually when you get these kinds of deals, the bottom line is that you get what you pay for. We really were surprised with how much fun the pool scene was! Just an fyi, the mojitos at the pool are the slushy kind - not fresh and really not good. It's an old hotel (the rooms are a bit modern - not the bathroom though) and the construction from the strip to get to the self-parking is a bit mis-leading but we did enjoy our stay. We liked going through all of the new shops and restaurants that were conveniently outside of the hotel.We checked-in early - please note that to the right of the check-in line you can go to a kiosk and use the self check-in machine. Nobody was using it and we saved a ton of time by not standing in line! Others in line followed what we did and couldn't believe that not more people were using it. The machine even gives you your room keys! There is a concierge there who will show the rooms that pop-up and which are smoking vs. non so you can choose your floor, etc. This was super helpful! Back to it being an old hotel, one of the elevators would not open it's doors to our floor and we thought we were stuck. That was a bit disturbing when we tried it twice - we just got in another elevator. Since we checked in early, the computer for our check-in must not of let housekeeping know that we were there because our bed was unmade. I tried calling the front desk and our room phone didn't work. So, we proceeded to get ready to head to the pool when housekeeping came. We definitely surprised her that we were there. She made the bed and was super friendly and gave us tips about the new shops.Don't forget to place your privacy note on the door, they will start knocking as early as 6 AM. Also the walls are thin ( did I mention it's old?) so you can hear housekeeping knock on the doors and hear the people in the bathroom next to you. You can also hear the music from the shops below - it's pretty loud around 7 in the morning! If you are a light sleeper, make sure you drink a lot and you won't hear a thing. :)
1	Fail! Long check-in wait, dirty hotel hallway. It smells so bad. Room key didn't work at 1am and it turned into a huge to-do for them. I would def not stay here, however the Mirage was nice and they took great care of us at 2am when we left Flamingo.
4	Would stay again!Great price, great location, and got a free upgrade to the top floor. I was with a group of girls (all in our twenties) for my bachelorette party. We didn't care if it was fancy or not, but it was nicer than we expected.My favorite part is the flamingo habitat... In the concrete jungle that is Vegas, it's so nice to have a peaceful patch of land with waterfalls, ponds, birds, palm trees, and greenery. I'm from Vancouver so I'm used to lots of "green" - it was definitely a nice touch and the pond area / plants and grass was very well kept. I think the flamingo is an ideal place for young people to stay at who aren't looking for anything fancy, but still want something nice in the heart of the strip.
1	I will never stay here again. So disappointed in the service at checkin and at the pool. I'm used to staying at MGM properties and tried something different, boy did I learn my lesson.
5	I enjoy going to Las Vegas. I have stayed in a select few hotels over the years but the Flamingo is my favourite. I think it is important to understand where I am coming from before progressing with this review. First I go to Vegas to have fun. My wife and I enjoy walking the strip and shopping during the day. We enjoy the huge selection of restaurants and clubs. We go to party. I am 41, didn't party much in my youth so we do so a bit now. I don't get wild at home but in Vegas my wife and I relax and let loose. The last time we were there I think we had 2 or 3 beers while standing in line to check in. So with that in mind please take my review as you may. From the description above we come to Vegas to have a good time. Not so spend time in our hotel rooms. We do appreciate a nice room with a view and great service is a must. I am just not willing to let some set backs distract from the real reason I am there. For those of you that are going to obsess about the room I would just say what are you doing? Get out of your room! The Flamingo does not have the best rooms. Non-smoking rooms are still smoky at times. This is Vegas, people drink and party and they smoke. While I do not smoke I accept that I have walked into this environment. I think the Flamingo does a great job accommodating their guests.So rather than go on about the rooms or service I will tell you why I stay at the Flamingo and you can decide for yourselves. First the location is right in the middle of the strip and barring any construction projects it is easy walking distance to just about everything. Second it has history, it is the essentially the last original hotel on the strip. Sure things have changed greatly over the years but you can't help but feel a bit of the history at the Flamingo. Third the pool is amazing. Is it the nicest pool on the strip? Absolutely not but it is a rockin' party pool there is no doubt. It is one of the key reasons we stay there. It doesn't seem to brag about itself but it certainly delivers. Forth my wife and I got married at the Flamingo so there are sentimental reasons we stay there as well. At the end of the day it is not the greatest hotel. Having that said we accept that younger people will be loud, drink and stay up late. I accept that there may be loud music on our floor and that we may walk into a cloud of smoke. Vegas is what Vegas is, and it changes almost daily. If you want a great location, and a great pool the Flamingo is amazing with a touch of history to boot! If you want to stay in room and shake your fists at those young people then perhaps stay away...stay away from Vegas as well. This town is all about that so I think some things are a willing sacrifice for myself and my wife. I dont' want to down play service, but lets face facts, if the service staff in Vegas can handle drunk people 24/7 I cut them some slack. So don't shake your fists as those young people, join them! The Flamingo has their shortcomings don't get me wrong, but please don't miss out on the big picture. I have never had a bad experience at the Flamingo and I have been there in the double digits of times. Stay at the Flamingo, enjoy!
3	Location, location, location! This is what is good and what is bad about this place. It seems like each time that I am coming to Vegas, the Strip is more congested than the previous time. This has become a nightmare since the center strip area where the Flamingo is located is really at the center of all attractions here and the opening of the new "Linq" with it's "observation wheel" has only made things worse. It takes forever coming and going from the area and parking is sometimes limited to "hotel guests" only so if you are driving and just want to come for an event or to play here, then you are out of luck!The upside of course is if you stay here and don't have a car, you can pretty much stay in around and have enough choices of casino, shopping and attraction within an easy walk!Traffic was not an issue when Bugsy Siegel opened the place in an empty desset patch in 1946, but we came a long way since then!
3	Years ago they started renovations but it seems they still aren't finished (or maybe they are... Keep reading). We had a new room - chic and sassy bed, leather couch, and fabric lounge chair. Our dresser and desk had absolutely seen better days. It looked like a dog chewed on the bottoms, they were so scratched up. Our bathroom was really disgusting. The shower head leaked, to the point where we thought it was on and the curtain rod wasn't installed properly so the curtain would not stay closed, therefore water leaked everywhere.  The toilet kept "running" as well.  So maybe the bathrooms haven't started any renos but they need to be.  Room service was great but note that breakfast takes about 45 min to get to you.  It's such a hike from the parking garage to the actual hotel side. Parking is beyond awful, there were signs up every night saying the parking garage was full and valet was full. However upon driving through the garage there were 4 floors of the valet portion open! 21+ pool was nice, there was a line to get in but it moves quickly. Have your ID!
4	I'm sometimes torn about whether to praise or lament about Flamingo - I've stayed there many times over the years and have had many different kinds of experiences. I want to stress that the staff is wonderful - no matter what problems I've encountered, every single person has tried their best to alleviate them.   One night I actually had to change rooms three different times, but didn't get angry because they were so nice, and of course upgraded me each time at no cost.  I've even gotten free suites and a limo ride home from a pit boss.  The location is great if you like the Strip, as you can walk to everything and get that "bustle" that belongs only to Vegas.Good variety of machines and table games.  Very nice coffee-shop type restaurant is my choice for most meals, although of course there's the ubiquitous buffet available as well as fast food.  There's a row of shops, and Donny and Marie were the staple entertainers at my last visit.So what's my problem?   It's the rooms.  There always seems to be something wrong.  Even if all seems well, the all-glass bathroom is not for the modest, and if one person gets up before the other who would like to remain sleeping, having the bright lights through all that glass makes it very difficult.The upgraded rooms have a fabulous king bed with the most luxurious mattress I've ever slept upon, a bath and a half (the "half" is off the sitting room, which is really nice for guests), and a TV in the mirror (although mine didn't work).  They also provide hair dryers in both baths!  However, my shower barely functioned and the toilet ran incessantly, so that wasn't much fun.  If they could just get the room issues solved, this would be 5 stars in my book.  It may not be possible, considering the age of the place, and goodness knows they've spent a lot on renovations over the last few years.  As long as the customer service is so good, though, I'll put up with the problems and continue to patronize the Flamingo.
2	I have to say my visit to the flamingo was not a pleasant one by any means. the only positive part about our stay is it was in the middle of the strip, so it was easy the get from one end to the other. Margaritaville upstairs is always fun and a nice view as well. it was a friends bachlorette, and from the moment we got there, she was in tears because she had been promised a room that was not the standards she agreed to. we were promised to sleep 8 with a pull out couch and had to beg for free cots. the staff was very direspectful and not accomidating what so ever. we were re issued about 10 keys because none of them work and couldnt even get into our second room for a long while. when we searched for the ice machine, we had to go to 3 different floors because none of them had working machines. when we asked about it, they simply said "did you check all the floors" which was extremely rude considering. we should not have to search all floors obviously; but instead quoted us $8 for ice to be brought to our room. They could not even tell us what floors were working. i blame our bad experience to the lack of accomidation by the staff. I will not be staying there again to risk another bad experience in such a fun city!
4	I have to say that this hotel was a nice surprise. You always see cheap hotels like the Flamingo, the Quad, Excalibur, and you are turned off by either their age or reputation. I have been to maybe five different hotels in Las Vegas so far and of those I had the most fun at this one. First off the best feature of this hotel is the location. Location location location, mid strip and right on the street. It is maybe a five minute walk from the Bellagio fountains. Next best thing about it would have to be the rooms. The room was the Fab Deluxe, it was a well decorated room. It looked larger then most rooms with two queen beds and a couch against the window. They had a refrigerator which was a nice touch, a cheap coffee maker and a flat panel television. The cheapest part of the room was the cabinet the television was in, but it did not matter. The most interesting feature was the wood floors, first time for that. It made the room feel cleaner. The bathroom was small but was decorated nicely. My only gripe about this room was the lack of mirrors. The only one was in the bathroom and that certainly is not acceptable when getting ready in Vegas. There was a nice spot near the door for a full length mirror, Flamingo take note.I requested a high room and that is what i received, floor twenty seven of twenty eight floors with a view of Cesar's Palace, very nice. Check in was not too bad and express check out was a breeze. The parking lot was a little on the shady side so if you have a nice car valet it and bell hop your bags, makes life easier. Valeting your car for the weekend is preferred to because your right on the strip so no need for a car. I did not bother with trying the food in the hotel but they had a good selection of twenty four hour eateries. I ate at a couple of places close to my hotel like the famous Hash House A Go Go at the Quad, and Flavors buffet at Harrahs, both will be reviewed in the near future. Overall great experience with this hotel and the surrounding hotels. Price was great, two nights with taxes and resort fees $101.56 and that is a deal. So in my opinion if you want a cheap fun getaway this is the perfect place. Affordable rooms, food, and shows all within walking distance or right on the first floor. Enjoy!
4	I came here to celebrate my birthday and chose The Flamingo because of the pool and the price. You can't beat it! I loved staying here, we had a blast! I love that there is an over 21 pool where you can party and have fun. Everyone we met at the pool was so nice and the booty shaking contest was a riot.The rooms are nice and the location couldn't be any better! You are located right on the strip where all the action is happening. In my opinion, you're never really in your room anyways so there's no reason to pay to stay at a fancy hotel. I live in LA and have been to Vegas at least 30 times. I've stayed at so many places and I would put the Flamingo in my top 5.
1	The Flamingo Las Vegas - you can check out but you can never leaveThe Flamingo is definitely not the charming art deco hotel I stayed in a decade ago. The reception area is drab and the front desk staff unfriendly.  The initial room my daughter and I were assigned was already occupied.  The desk clerk blamed the computer, muttered an "I'm sorry" and assigned us a different room in the "un-renovated" section of the hotel.   The elevator made random stops to floors that no one had selected.  By the end of our stay it had become a running joke with other guests.  The ceiling light in our room did not work and we soon discovered that the running water in the sink had only one temperature...  ice cold.  If you wanted to wash you face with warm water, you had to use the bathtub.  The room furniture was old and mismatched, and the floor was a brown vinyl that was supposed to look like wood.  Everything seemed dirty.  The bed had a cover across the bottom that looked like an old shag rug from the 60's.  I later found a fingernail (not mine) in the fibers.   Later in my stay, when we were in the pool area for a short time, our room was robbed.  There was no sign of forced entry, but housekeeping had cleaned the room while we were gone.  After dialing repeatedly, I was finally able to get the Guest Services button on the phone to work.  After calling three times for security, and being told they would be up right away, we finally went to the security office in the basement of the hotel. A security officer took our report, and that was it.  Although management gave me a $50 food credit after I expressed my displeasure, overall my concerns were met with indifference and hostility.  A report was filed with CCMSI,  a Third Party Risk Management firm retained by Flamingo Las Vegas to review and administer incident reports.  By using a third party, the hotel management will tell you that it is out of their hands.  Apparently it is out of my hands too.
1	The Flamingo was disappointing from the start of this visit.  They had signs everywhere advertising their express check in kiosks.  I thought great idea, I will try it.  2 of the 4 kiosk weren't working.   Once I had my personal information entered on the screen the system locked up.  I finally got the attention of an employee. I explained it was locked up with my information on the screen. He said we aren't allowed to touch those.  I was confused,  why is that?  He said we just aren't.  I asked to speak to a manager. Joshua the manager made eye contact with me.  He looked annoyed and had the person I had been speaking to check me in.  I was told he would speak with me when he finished with the current situation.   He then disappeared inro a back room.  Ok I decided to head to my room and hope for the best.  Remodeled room, maybe the main area but the bathroom looked like something from the 80's.  Old faded wallpaper,  not what I would call updated as advertised. Well I thought I am here to have fun, shake it off and go gamble.  I went downstairs to get my players card, the woman said the computer was down and to try back in the morning.   This was all in the first hour. IAm not impressed and that is my last time at The Flamingo.
3	Went here because I had the buffet of buffets pass and fingered might as well give it a shot. First off they sat us in a section where we could see the fish and the flamingos which was nice to look at with eating and that is going into consideration with my rating. The food was nothing special out of the 6 buffets I think this one would be the 4th best. I did come on a Monday for lunch so maybe dinner or a weekend might be better.
1	My friends and I stayed here during a last minute, impromptu Vegas trip--and that will be the absolute last time any of us will stay here. We arrived late Friday night and were told that the non-smoking room we booked was not available. We had no other option but stay in a smoking room that reeked of cigarette smoke. What is the point of reserving a room if they are going to give away our room to someone else? Doesn't it make sense to reserve the non-smoking room for the people who booked and pre-paid for the thereby requested room? We were told that because we arrived late, all the other rooms were taken. I'm sorry but if I reserved and paid for the room, it does not matter what time I get there. Upon arrival in our smoke-infested room, we tried to call the front desk and alas, the telephone does not work. Wifi connection and reception is horrible in this hotel. Although, the rooms are not so horrible, it is definitely dated. The bathroom is very small and even more dated than the room itself. The stellar reviews for the Flamingo must be referencing the Go rooms which they have only available as an upgrade, and was sold out upon our arrival. The casino itself was not bad, but I would never, ever stay here again. We paid nearly $300 for two nights for a room we didn't want that didn't even have a working phone.
4	We stayed here October, 2013. Initially we were pretty frustrated with the parking situation. There was construction being done around the Flamingo, but I called the hotel and they were nice enough to give directions while we were driving. Valet said they were full, the lot said they were full, but we found free parking for not but across the street. Fine. When we walked with all our luggage to to hotel, suddenly valet was open. Clearly some kind of poor communication. I had a bit of a freak out at that point being so tired and hauling everything to the hotel that they went to go get my car for me and park it in valet to make up for the problem. A bell hop helped us the rest of the way and even told us some of the best secret places to see. We ate at their dining establishments and got snacks for my conference at their gift shop (overpriced, but whatever, it was better than convention kiosk rates. The outdoor bartender at one of the locations knew a bunch of tricks which resulted in us hanging out there way too long and buying too many drinks. :) Breakfast was huge and delicious. I told the waitress that I was in a bit of a hurry, apologetically, and she made sure to get us our food pretty quickly. Extra tips for her.We got the GO room. We liked it. It was affordable and beds were comfy and the rooms were fun. I don't recall the casino or at least the hotel portion smelling too badly of cigarette smoke. Something I just cant stand about Reno or Vegas, which is why we don't spend much time in these locations. I love that the tram is behind the Flamingo. It made traveling to the end of the strip and to the Convention Center so easy. They have a little Flamingo/wildlife area thats kinda quaint to check out on property.We will be staying here again in September.
1	Very disappointed. Management did not deliver what we reserved and confirmed before our arrival.  Lots of  little problems and two BIG ISSUES, add up to a bad review and a don't bother recommendation. Try the Orleans, off the strip. Much better and free shuttle to the strip.
1	BUGSY'S cabaret ?????!!!!????!!! In Benny's own creation!?!Those who know the history of Benny Siegal know that he did NOT appreciate the nickname "BUGSY" .....his friends, called him Ben. If you weren't his friend, "Mr. Siegel" would do just fine.Thumbs down Flamingo, THUMBS DOWN...smh
2	The hotel is  getting worn down, but the pool is nice.  lets see here,  the room seemed nice at first but after opening the curtain I was staring at dirty roof and huge air conditioning unit.  This was the view,  but im not in L.V. for the room view.   The room was pretty clean and done up well,  how ever the bathroom is a different story. The caulking is dried up and cracking with mold.  It is obvious that someone added caulk over old caulk.  The decorative plate over the sprinkler system is missing and causing the paint to peel and the dry wall to flake.  The shower looked like it hasn't been cleaned in months,  and after using it, the water  would no turn off all the way.   For the price of the room I  thought it sucked. The buffet at the Flamingo is nothing to write home about either. That's breakfast and dinner.
4	I don't know why this hotel only has three stars. It definitely deserves more!I've stayed at lots of hotels on the strip over the years, but lately this one is my favorite for the money. Great value and the new GO rooms are awesome, high tech, with the same amenities you'd find at a much more expensive hotel. Resort fee isn't bad either. The GO pool is amazing. I'm not really into the dayclub scene, I just like to go to a fun place to lay out without a bunch of screaming kids around. The GO pool has affordable cabanas and beds, a dj, really funny contests to watch (ie booty shaking contests!), and friendly attractive people who are having a great time. I always have the best times in Vegas at this pool. So, it may look old and like a hot mess on the outside... But give it a chance inside. You won't be disappointed!
3	Well I definitely enjoy the Go or Fab rooms. The pool area is huge and tropical and you can easily spend all day there. Ive never had a disappointing experience at the Flamingo. Years ago, the buffet was terrible but im unsure if thats changed or not. The new food court is convenient and all the bars have awesome stylish souvenir glasses!!!
2	If you look up the definition of hospitality in the dictionary the Flamingo is definitely not mentioned.  Terrible front desk service.  I usually don't mention people in specific but Emilio who "helped" deserves dishonorable mention for being one of the least help people I have ever experienced. I booked my room through booking.com and clearly my confirmation stated I had reserved two rooms . Upon check in I was told they only showed I had one room reserved.  I was told I would have to take the one room get out of line and figure it out on my own.   Not until I got a supervisor involved was I able to resolve the issue.  Never once did Emilio apologize to me or tell me anything about the amenities they hotel had to offer like the front desk associates around him.  I will not stay at Flamingo again.
3	Casino: A little on the older side but overall great slot machines and table games.  Love the upgraded modern rooms and the prices are reasonable for being on the strip and centralized to a lot of restaurants and shopping.The staff is always nice.
4	Although this is a very old Hotel in Vegas, I still love it. The rooms could be better looking, but its an old hotel lol. I love the pizza spot they have there, its really good and inexpensive. Customer service is on point too. The pool is great and they play good music too.
4	Well - I am SO glad I didn't read any reviews on Yelp before booking, because I would have missed out on a fantastic weekend! My heart goes out to all you Yelpers who had horriffic experiences, but I must have hit the jackpot because our stay was so wonderful!I arrived early - 12pm - and check-in didn't start until much later. I got in line with high hopes. The lady up front suggested I register for a Total Rewards card which would allow me to bypass the early check-in fee when they had a room available. I left my bags with the bellhop and made my way into the casino. It reminded me of the casinos back home in MN, kind of old, and wasn't terribly flashy like I had fantasized them to be. However the (free) drinks were strong and there were PLENTY of people around which gave me reassurance this was still a great place to hang out. After an hour of day-drinking and gambling away $10, I decided to try for a room. I got to stand in the TR line (versus the regular line with about 30 people in it). I was helped immediately and went right up to my room. Our room - was honestly fantastic. I wonder (reading previous reviews) if all of the rooms are in a state of renovation of some sort, whether it is the bathroom or the beds or whatnot - but ours was pristine. The bathroom was huge! The shower was large as well, the sink was clean and enough counter space for 3 women.The beds were almost too-comfy and kind of sank in the middle - but I didn't come to Vegas to SLEEP! The stereo system worked well, and the view of Caesar's Palace was perfect. My only complain in the room is that the outside of the windows were pretty dirty, but whatevs.My checklist for a Vegas hotel is as such:1) good location - CHECK (very central to all the action)2) clean room - CHECK (make sure to get at least a GO room)3) moderately priced - CHECK ($590 for 3 nights and 3 people = ~ $200 each)4) pool - CHECK (the GO pool had lots of space, clean, good music)Really the Flamingo has a lot to offer - if you want a Resort-type feel of luxury, I would not recommend. But for a good price and awesome location in the middle of all the action, you can't do better in Vegas.**OH! And a Strip View is COMPLETELY WORTH THE UPGRADE CHARGE! Trust me!!
3	Room was great, which, at the end of the day, is the most important thing. It a hardwood floor (hybrid?), which was nice, instead of disgusting Vegas hotel carpeting. Plenty of space, clean, nice tv.  I've been to the Flamingo a number of times and have yet to get a back view.  The strip view is obviously the best but even the 'back' view isn't back, now, if you don't mind a big ass glowing Ferris wheel. However... BRING A POWERSTRIP!!  No, I'm serious. At least in my room, there was a severe lack of power outlets and the six plugs that were available were being used by their alarm clock, lamps, etc. So, you have to start unplugging their stuff.  I was trying to do some work with a computer, hard drive, etc., and I had to work with the lights unplugged. Maybe I haven't been to Vegas in a while but check-in is 4pm...FOUR. Super lame. You have to pay $15 extra to check in around 1 or 2... lame. I had to because I assumed, like most hotels, check in would be a normal time. Pool. Now, good and bad. If you want a nice quiet time, those days are gone.  I used to like the quiet pool and I'm not even that old, nice and big.  However, they turned it into a "pool party" now.  If you're into that, cool... but if you have kids, you're hosed, but I think it's only on the weekends.  There is still a normal little pool area for families but it's right next to the music.  Also, this could be good or bad... if you're self conscious about how you look with a shirt off or in a bikini - don't sweat it here - believe me.  This was like the, um... how do you say it in a nice way... "blue collar" crowd.  Super red lobster tans, bellies, drunk guy on the pedestal with a beer bucket on his head.  I had fun though.  Parking is tight.  I went during the construction of the neighboring Cromwell and there were guards by the parking lot, asking if we were guests.  The guy interrogated me, asking for me key card, but as I hadn't checked in yet, I was about to dig out the paperwork... but he 'believed me' and let me pass.  Sucks if you wanna come here to gamble though.  And, I got one of the only remaining rooftop parking spots.  Hopefully they cleared that up by now though.All in all, this place isn't "old," it's historic and there's some charm about it that I like, even though it can't match some of the other mega hotels.  It's right in that middle tier of Vegas hotels.
3	Stayed here on a last minute Vegas trip since it was pretty inexpensive. First problem that there was no parking in the garage. All the spots were for valet, car rentals and hilton grand vacations. Finally found a spot on the roof and took the ghetto elevator to the lobby. Checked in and had to drag all our luggage through the casino with a bunch of steps to get to the elevators. When we finally get to our floor we have to walk forever to get to our room. I've heard the rooms were renovated but they're not that great. It's like when a house is flipped and they're trying to do the least amount possible to make it look better. The floors in the room and the countertop in the bathroom are new, and the rest is crap. Also the pillows are crap which is a sign of a crappy hotel. The pool area is pretty nice and that's about it. Still good enough for the price and location though.
5	Great experience. I've been to Vegas several times and staying at the Flamingo exceeded my expectations. Right in the middle of everything.Clean, and the staff was very friendly. All the rooms, but the suites have been updated. Do not be discouraged by the other reviews. Stayed here for a great deal and my family visiting from Central America really enjoyed it.
5	Love the remodeled rooms - pink, white, chocolate colors - with fun wall paper, hot pink walls, big shower, very comfy beds - all I kept thinking was "this would be great for a bachelorette party!"  Very centrally located on the strip.  Staff was very nice, smiles and hellos everywhere.  Pool was okay - not as much of a scene as some other vegas hotels, but i like that.
2	Eh, you get what you pay for here at The Flamingo. Stayed here in mid May 2014. It's one of the cheaper options on The Strip and it shows. Sure the rooms are renovated but the lobby and hallways leave a lot to be desired. And although the room was renovated, it still looked like it could use a lot of work! The lamp shade was dented, there was nail polish stains on the bedside table and the bathroom was just disgusting. Needed a new paint job and a serious deep cleaning to get the dust off the vents. Ew. We had two rooms and requested to get them adjoining. They were unable to do this and would not even upgrade us to a suite so we all could be together. Also, out of the 3 days we were there the maids only touched our room once. Our one rooms air conditioning did not work either. In Vegas, that's a serious problem. Unfortunately, customer service isn't a huge priority for the staff. The thing that got me the most however was that there is ZERO cell phone reception in your room. Not even your LTE or whatever you have on your phone. None of it works. They tell you if you pay for the wifi it'll be reimbursed after you check out. Uhhh didn't want to fight that battle later so didn't bother with that. My recommendation: you're in Vegas. Splurge for a nice room at the MGM! The only redeeming thing about The Flamingo is the great pool! But that's not enough to make me ever want to stay there again.
1	The Flamingo is sinking fast!I've had several great stays here in years past but the hotel needs a lot of work! Most elevators don't even work and the ones that do stop at almost every floor for no reason. the hallways in standard rooms section are in very poor shape.The standard rooms lack any sort of ambience and the bathrooms are old and dingy. The upgraded rooms are obviously better but the hotel has a 3.5 star rating at booking sites which is grossly misrepresented. They offered an upgraded room for $20 at check in but felt a 3.5* room should be sufficient. Boy, we we wrong! If you have to stay here, go with an upgraded room unless you have very low Vegas standards. $22 resort fee and wifi doesn't even work!To top off our stay, a cockroach bit my wife while outside by Carlos and Charlies. I realize it was outside but she wasn't happy none the less!I'd stay away at all costs!
3	The hallways were gross (don't go barefoot) and the room was soooo far from the elevator, but other than that we were very happy. Comfy and clean room. Very well worth the $40 a night to be in the middle of the strip. The POOL is the best part, no kids allowed! They'll even bring you a disposable ash tray pool-side ;)
4	Stayed here with a group of girlfriends. We booked our rooms as a package deal with the flights via Expedia. We called them months in advance to make sure that our two rooms were adjoining. We called the hotel on the day of check in to confirm our reservations and they told us that we didn't have any! After a 2 minute mini-heart attack and a transfer to someone else our reservation was found. We also confirmed again that our rooms would be adjoining. Flash-forward. We get to Vegas and check in. Our rooms were not adjoining. The closest that we could get was across the hall from each other, which worked out okay for us. The hall carpet desperately needed replaced. It was bunched up in the hallways and was not easy to walk on with heels. The hotel room itself was okay. The TV was turned on once and we could not get it turned off. We tried using the remote and the power button and that sucker was on for good....We had to unplug the TV to eventually get it off. The only other complaint would be the toilet seat. At first we thought it was dirty but turns out it was just yellow stains... ALL over the seat. It was kind of gross. The location of the hotel is amazing and the 21 and over pool was perfect for a day of lounging and partying. I would defiantly stay there again on my next trip to Vegas.
4	A good middle-of-the-road Vegas hotel. Rooms are nice, the location is perfect - right in the middle of the Strip so you not only save on the room, but you save on cabs because you can walk to any club. Most rooms have been renovated. And they have a really nice pool that has music and drinks and lounge chairs and also lets in the public - way less crowded and more fun than a beach club in my opinion.
1	Tried playing Roulette here.  Gave my ID along with my girlfriend's ID so she can sit at the table.  Gave my Total Rewards card along with the amount I wanted to play with.The dealer just seemed rude and didn't want to be there.  Gave our cards back in a way that just rubbed me the wrong way.  He then said only one of us, either my girlfriend or myself, can play with the chips.  Okay, I understand and accept that.  First time that's happened, but whatever.  It'll avoid any confusion and disputes even though it is our money.  But the way he asked us who would be playing was just rude and arrogant.After a couple of hands, the dealer was just giving off a bad vibe.  Cashed out, got my cash equivalent and just left the place to go elsewhere.
1	THERE. WAS. A. USED. CONDOM. IN. OUR. ROOM. DISGUSTING.  Unfortunately, my bf and I didn't discover the used condom on the floor behind the door until the 2nd day.  When I first walked in after checking in, I looked around and saw a bobby pin on the bathroom sink, makeup streaks on the mirror, and white stains on their chair/lounger thing.  I decided to ignore them since the hotel was cheap and we only wanted it for a home base.  But after seeing the used condom, we freaked out and immediately went to the concierge to let them know.Concierge: We let them know, they apologized and said they'd take care of it.  We asked if we could change rooms, they said to talk to front desk.  There are a bajillion people standing in line waiting to check in so we waited in the keys/mail line for 30+ minutes as the next in line.Front Desk: apologized, changed rooms, and offered us a $50 food/drink credit at their approved locations.  Really? Not to be greedy or anything but that's it? You were negligent enough to let me sleep a night in the presence of someone else's bodily fluids and that's it?? By booking on Yelp, I get $20 in food and drinks!Back to old room to get our stuff: condom still there, by now it's been 45 min since we've told someone. Don't you think that this is something you send someone up to take care of IMMEDIATELY?  What if we couldn't get our room switched, we would have to put up w/ this disgusting thing for longer? I sure as **** won't touch it.Other things wrong with this place:  Hair drier didn't work, half the outlets didn't work, phone couldn't call front desk, elevators didn't work half the time, hotel hallways had empty bottles of gatorade, trash.Construction on the floor blocking off our route to our room, we had to take the elevator to the 7th floor w/ our luggage, walk all the way to another elevator, come down the stairs with luggage to get to our room...  Our new room had a wonderful view of a roof. Whatever, don't care... until I woke up one morning, opened the blinds and find a bunch of dudes staring back at me because they're working on the roof.  I wasn't dressed for the day yet. Ugh.Food: we used our credit on their buffet, so not worth it and they almost weren't going to honor it because we had checked out literally 10 min ago until my bf was so pissed he just yelled BULLSH*T.  "How are we going to charge you if you checked out already?" Um you don't, $50 is more than enough to cover your crappy brunch buffet.TLDR: Sure, 2nd room was cleaner, and location of the Flamingo is convenient but don't gamble on the cleaniness of this place, go elsewhere.
2	Had my baby sisters wedding here @ the Garden Chapel. First off let me say Why the heck is it so hard to find the parking!?! No sign saying Flamingo Parking or Park Here. Geezus! So after two U turns and a "I think it's this way honey" we turned in and were glad to find that we had made the right decision. After we drove through the most confusing self parking garage and actually ended up going the wrong way at one point, we ended up just parking and walking down a level to the elevators. These have to be some of the oldest elevators that exist in Las Vegas. And for me that is not a good thing. Due to this one moment in my life where I was stuck in an elevator - a story for another time. So once we get down and find our way to the casino we start searching for the garden chapel. Not many signs directing the way. If I wouldn't have been staring off into space out of the doors leading outside we would have missed it. We headed outside and looked rather out of place walking past the tourists in swimsuits. We continued on the beaten path and had to continue to follow signs around the outside area. We finally headed up to a little building that looked like it could possibly be the chapel.We headed in and were greeted by our family members. My sister was in the brides quarters doing final touches. Not a bad sized room with plenty of mirrors. Total with the bride there were 7 of us and there was still a bit of room left over. We headed out to wait for the ceremony to begin. We were told by the minister NOT to take photos or video...ARE YOU SERIOUS! Yah I get they want you to buy the photos they take and the video they record, but honestly let me get a couple snaps in because I like raw photos. Anyway, the ceremony began and it was beautiful. I was bawling like a baby the whole time. Nothing over the top, but more simple and elegant. We were told to remain seated after the ceremony while they exited and signed papers and then they were to return and do complete photos with family. We all took turns getting our pictures taken with bride and groom and then we were to exit while they finished photos together. The brides stuff was taken out of the room and stored in the employee room as they had another bride scheduled immediately after. We actually saw the next bride walking up as we were exiting. As you exit the chapel and turn right down a couple steps there is a pretty waterfall. We decided to take our own photos in front of it while waiting. It did have a bit of a smell, maybe due to the birds and things. After the bride and groom exited we made them take photos in front of the waterfall and then we headed out to the reception. You can exit down the chapel steps and follow the pool around to the valet which you can also access the self parking garage. (wish I would have known that before walking in a big circle through the casino) The whole place seemed pretty dirty and smelly. Would not be my suggestion for a first time tourist. The elevator felt sketchy as we were going back up to level 6. It was shaky and stuttering and there was an actual hole cut in the ceiling that you could watch the elevator going up. Yah I may have had a slight panic attack and practically jumped off the elevator as it came to our stop.I am not sure if I will frequent the Flamingo or even go back unless there was something enticing. As far as the room reviews I have read, I don't think I'd have a staycation either. It's a staple of Las Vegas, just needs some cleaning and a bit updating.
2	Not happy this year, bad customer service, bed bugs, not willing to refund for my inconvenience. The 2 stars r only for the Go Room, its sheek. Management does not care. Must wait 5 days for someone to call regarding refund. Bunch of bs.
1	Worst hotel. Just checking in was a horrific experience. Over half an hour to tell us they don't have a room ready even though we paid for it
1	Just got back from a 5 night stay. Don't go here, stay at Motel 6 its better. My stay started off as two reservations. I had a reservation for Sunday, then another one for Monday. When I checked in the clerk assured me that I would not have to check out and re-check back in on Monday. After I return from my all days meeting I found I could not get into my room. There are no telephones in the hallway to call so I had to go all the way back down to handle. The manager was very rude (Ryan) and told me that my room is being taken out of the system for work. I asked him for a higher room, I was on the 12th floor he proceeded to move me to the 10th floor. As I enter the room I was hit with cigarette smoke and was not able to stay there. I called down to Ryan and ask for another room and ask again for a high floor. He said no problem and that he would send a bellman up with the key. I was put on the 5th floor. I did not have cash on me so I asked the bellman for his name and told him I would find him tomorrow. He was very upset about this, flip his hand at me and walked out the door while I was still talking to him. No need to worry about that tip. This is not a clean or friendly hotel. The carpet was dirty and/or stained. It really made me sick to look at it. My newly remodeled room had broken tile in bath, dried food on the furniture and the soft pillows were hard as a rock. If you think you are going to need cash bring it with you. The ATM charge a $5.99 fee. The food is not bad but $20 for a hamburger...not worth it. Not until the end of my stay did I find out about the $55 buffet that is good for 24 hours and you can eat at 4-5 different hotels. You can eat as much as you want as often as you want. This hotel needs major renovation and the staff needs customer service training. Take your money someplace else.
2	Goodness, this place is a mess. Booked a GO room for a weekend and was very disappointed with the overall experience of the resort. First off, if you have to stay here, book through  Chase Ultimate Rewards - lower rates,  no resort fee ($20 a night savings) and they give you a $9 per person continental breakfast credit for Club Cappuccino. The rate was good, and the location is hard to beat. The GO room product itself is pretty nice - newly renovated, some new tech (motorized blinds, tv in the bathroom, sound system). Our room, however, was pretty worn out - scuffs on furniture, broken furniture pieces, etc. Housekeeping was also inconsistent - our first day, they didn't clean our room, but provided us with the extra toiletries we requested. The Flamingo's parking garage is a nightmare - very confusing layout, slow, and trashed elevators. **Tip** The hotel/casino connection is on the 3rd floor. Arrived for check in around 11:30 pm and the line was pretty long... it took us over 40 min just to check in. Wear and tear is evident throughout the hotel. I know the Flamingo is one of the Strip's older hotels, but just b/c something is old, doesn't mean it has to be busted up - broken elevators, dented buttons and furniture, clogged plumbing. The pool area is a redeeming quality - we checked out the GO pool, which is the 21+ pool area - nice chill place. Overall, I would recommend spending a little more to stay at Monte Carlo, NYNY, or Luxor.
5	I Loved My Stay At THE Flamingo . We we're  close to everything the rooms were upgraded which was nice. Love the tv in the bathroom . I also loved the pool it was awesome . We had a blast at the flamingo . Loved the restaurants and the staff was nice.
1	Quite possibly the worst hotel we have ever stayed in!! Absolutely filthy! The hallways smelled, half the elevators didn't work and it took us half an hour in line just to pick up our key AFTER we registered! Never again!!!
2	I don't write that many reviews for places but I just had to for this one in particular. I didn't really have a good experience with this hotel (after not traveling to Las Vegas for almost 8 years) and coming back to see a hotel that didn't meet my expectations was terrible. This is primarily because of 3 things, customer service issue, key for the hotel room, and unwashed bed sheets and covers. What can I say about the customer service issue? One of the ladies who was in charge of hotel admission did not help at all with a simple room key problem. I rented the hotel room with a couple of friends and my name was not registered within the hotel room. The lady told me she couldn't do anything about fixing the hotel room key because my name was not listed for the room and she said "I'm sorry." I wasn't with my friends at this time because they were out having some fun in the casinos. Basically I was stuck in my hotel and I wasn't planning to wait hours for them to come back. I went back to the floor where my room was and then back downstairs again at the hotel admission but this time a different lady helped me out and she was able to let me get back in my room. The key for the hotel room was a disaster and such a hassle. The keys that were given to my friends and I kept malfunctioning and we'd have to go back upstairs and downstairs constantly in order to fix it. Lastly, the bed sheet covers and the pillow covers were not washed. They smelled really bad like someone's sweat was on the covers.
1	The elevators don't work....which result in guests swarming the few that do (I waited in a mob of people for almost 15 minutes to catch an elevator!); you hear bass from outside parties that keep you up at night; crappy rooms with beds that have worn out mattresses;  all for the lovely deal of over $300 a night. There are so many other options in Vegas.... the Flamingo is NOT one of them.  As I write this, it is 12:55am, and I'm on a mattress that is slumping to one side while a pool party is raging outside my window (and I'm on the 24th floor and STILL can hear it)....the sound insullation of these rooms is terrible! Spend your money elsewhere!
3	Affordable, great location and the rooms are modern, clean and comfortable. The check in/out staff is fantastic and friendly. However, wish I could say the same for the bell staff who were the exact opposite. I was there for a conference and can attest that the food service was some of the best I've had. I would have been happy with just the individual apple crumb pie alone. I would say the only big negative is the elevators. Be prepared to stop at floors 10 and 11 whether or not someone is getting on/off (ghosts of Frank and Dean?) and the less frequent resetting of selected floors.
1	Stayed at the Flamingo for 4 days for a bachelorette party. I was pleased to see how large the room was! That's about all I've got to boast for it. The shower took foreverrrrrrr to release hot water and the pillows on our bed smelled absolutely disgusting. I cuddle my pillows so the arm I wrapped around my pillow is now covered in hives. Phone connections are being rewired but we didn't know that. We tried calling the front desk from the room phone and had no luck until we called from our cell phones and told us to call the operator and they'd redirect us. At one point we had to take the stairs down the hotel because elevators were too crowded...we somehow ended up on the 4th floor roof because there were no signs on where to go once those stairs ended. Pizza from the casino is no good. I was really sick the day after and couldn't totally enjoy the activities planned because I had bubble guts all day.The pool party was pretty fun and although the drinks were pricy, they were strong. Maybe too strong. I'm trying to enjoy a drink, not get wasted off it. Went to the pool both Friday and Saturday. Friday was fun got in for free because we were hotel guests. There was a $20 cover charge for Saturday and it kind of sucks to have to pay a cover at your own hotel pool to listen to a "guest DJ" play music you don't like. Oh well. I probably won't stay in this hotel ever again.
1	I wanted to start off this review by thanking one of the Flamingo employees. Damon Rosa was amazing, he shined at the check in counter. His customer service is phenomenal and I really wanted to recognize him. He fixed the issue of my keys not working right after I checked in (which is ridiculous after my 1st encounter at the check-in desk), and he changed my room to something a little more suitable and satisfying. As a manager myself, I feel it's important to recognize your employees who are doing something right. Especially those with such great customer service skills and amazing hospitality. Now moving on to the issues at hand during my stay. When I checked in, Benjamin helped me. He stated my room was only reserved for 2 guests. I told him we had three guests and the reservationist must have got confused. He said well unfortunately we cannot do anything about that I have to charge you an extra fee each night. My stay was from Thursday the June 19th through Sunday the 22nd and I was with a convention. Our special booking rate included up to three guests in each  reservation. I explained to Benjamin I was unsatisfied with the fee, not because of the dollar amount, but because of the fact that I had told the reservationists, and I was under the impression that I had three people in my room at booking. I asked  if I could speak to his manager, and he went over to speak to another gentleman, they did not give me his name and just explained that he was new from New Orleans. Benjamin said that they can pull the conversation of the booking to see if I specifically stated I wanted three people in my room.  He also suggested I wait an hour or two while they pull the conversation before a check-in which I told him that's preposterous, why should should I have to wait after I've already been waiting in what was a long check in line?So we agreed I would only be charged for two people as that was my understanding of the total cost of the initial booking, and that Benjamin or whichever manager can contact me and let me know what was said during the initial booking conversation. At this point Mr. Murphy you came over and handed me your card. I was never contacted and at check out I saw that I was charged $30 a day for an additional pool guest, all three days of my stay. I checked out with one of the representatives with the iPad who said my bill would be emailed to me. By time I received my email, I had left Las Vegas. When I saw the charges I contacted the hotel and they told me to contact the billing department. Unfortunately on Sunday the billing department is closed. So I called the billing department today, which is Monday the 23rd. I explain the situation to billing representative and she stated that there was not an additional person charge, but it was additional guest at the pool charge. She said she could not do nothing about it because that was all done through the pool and handled by the hotel. I explained to her that we only used the pool one day during the our stay and why should I be charged every day of my stay for additional pool guest when we did not utilize those facilities?I asked to speak to her manager, who she said is not available, and then I asked for a corporate email address, which she said they do not offer. She transferred me to her manager's voicemail. I left a message with him and have not heard back. She also explained that unfortunately sometimes people are  transferred back and forth between the hotel and the billing department, because neither can solve the situation it seems. I feel that I have been wrongfully charged by the flamingo Hotel and the Caesars entertainment group for a fee that I did not agree to. I would like to ask that I have the $30 pool fee removed from my bill for each of the days of my stay. The whole experience I had at the hotel was horrible. From check in, to being put in a dark dingy room with a horrible view and of poor quality, To my room keys not working to access that horrible room, to the elevators not working properly and the facilities of the casino and hotel not up to par with the standards of Vegas. All in all, if you don't have one of the nicest hotels on the strip, at the very least, you can do is provide great customer service to your guests.  In my experience there was very poor customer service, although there were a few individuals that did provide great service (Damon Rosa at front desk, and the bellhop that helped our luggage to the room were amazing), but overall the experience was not a pleasant one.
4	I really like The Flamingo. I really try to just stay at Total Rewards Casino Hotels in order to accumulate points. After Caesars Palace, this is my favorite one. They have done some re-modeling to the rooms to give it a more modern feel. The buffet is also moderately priced. The number of tables available to play card games is plentiful. I also enjoy their Sportsbook in comparison to some of the other Total Rewards Hotels. The other appealing thing about this place is its location on The Strip. Staying here means that you're basically smack dab in the middle of it all and can walk in any direction to other attractions. I also love the recently designed LINQ area right next door, which offers a nice, clean, and family friendly area of shops and restaurants.
3	This is our second time staying here.  The last time was a few years back for a wedding held at this hotel.  We thought it was nice enough for the price and location to stay there for this recent trip.I would say it's a no frills kind of hotel.  The rooms are small and the bathrooms even smaller.  They have done some room upgrades since our last stay (some type of synthetic hard flooring, better than carpet).  This is not important to me , but I found it rather funny that part of the room decor was upgraded (bedding, flooring) and some were not (tables/dressers/bathroom).  If you don't care about staying in a trendy hip hotel, this is your place.  It's a decent place to rest your head, located halfway down the strip.There is a new street (Link) located next to the Flamingo, so that's a bonus.  You don't have to wonder too far from your hotel to find a fun place to hang for the night.
3	My boyfriend and I did a spontaneous Vegas trip a couple weeks ago and booked a room at the flamingo. Prices were awesome at the time. We got the 17 or 18th floor with a view overlooking the pool and flamingos downstairs.  Oh and you could see that new Ferris wheel thingy too. There was a queen size bed, very clean and well kept (even after the remodeling of the hotel) and had switch controlled blinds. Best part ever! We get kinda lazy lol. The casino and everything was well kept and everything just looked nice even if it was an older hotel on the strip. Now my tip: don't wait in the long line for checking in. Head over to their I believe players counter and get a membership. Then you can ditch that long line you're in for non members and wait in the much shorter faster line for members only. My bf has the best tips and tricks he pulls. All in all it was a good stay.
2	I stayed here for a Bachelor Party and we had a room on the 19th floor. I did not book the room, my friend did. With the number of Hotels on the Strips, I would be fine with never staying here again and here is why:The bathroom in our room was gross. Not like dirty gross, like outdated gross. The rooms were clearly updated recently, but not the bathrooms. The bottom of the door was rusty looking. The shower was SUPER dark (is it hard to install a light above a shower?). Put it this way, if i purchased a house and the bathroom looked like that I would gut it right away. Nothing makes you feel like you are in a nice elevator then elevator floor lights not working (yes this is some extreme sarcasm). I know nothing about elevator maintenance, but that has to be an easy fix. Seriously, there were lights out for the 19th floor button (and others) in every elevator I rode and I rode at least like six different ones. This may seem minor, but if they cannot fix the lights what else are they not fixingWe used the bag check both coming in and leaving. I would say the experience was weird. Both days had a healthy line and the workers did not seem like they liked working there. When we were leaving the worker must have put our bags in water on the floor and then immediately accused us of sneaky in whisky (even though we just told him twice that we were checking out). So we had to open our bags and show him all of liquids were in zipolac bags since we were flying home that night. Clearly, this man 1- doesn't know what whisky looks like, because the fluid on the floor was water 2- was not paying attention to us telling him we were leaving 3- doesn't understand how carry on bags work at the airport. At least , my friends and I have a fun new inside joke! Also, getting our books pre flight was not very straight forward. There is a clearly marker Bag Check area, just no workers around it so you have to go find workers yourself.Finally, 8 of us got in the cab line to go to the airport. The worker directing people was like "The shuttle was about to leave to airport, get on it". We did and we were thinking it was free, because the worker made no reference to paying for it. Nope it was $7 a person. For a couple of people that would be a better deal then a cab, but it is probably pretty close to being more expensive for 8 people. I would prefer they let you know about the $7 charge and let us decide what we want to do. If you get this hotel at an amazing deal, I would suggest that you book it, but I know there is better places on the strip.
1	Beyond upset with my stay here. I only decided to stay here because my cousin wanted to stay here and we were all doing a big trip and just wanted to not be a hassle to walk to a different hotel every day.  Booked this room on Black Friday of 2013. The deal was good! I kept calling then since then till about June to make sure everything is okay and make some changes since I decided to stay longer. (YES I WAS IN VEGAS FOR 7 DAYS NEVER AGAIN) lol. Anyways so I get a email from total rewards about 2 weeks before my stay for a room up grade. So instead of being in my go room with two beds and strip view I upgraded to a 2 bed in a mini suite. The total was $1234 for 7 nights. Not bad...right? So we get there and check in. My party of 3 was there when I was checking in and I ask the Filipino lady with short hair who was working June 17 between 10pm-11pm and she said twice to me $1234 so of course in there diving the total so I can get the amount from the 2 other people.  And the $200 something incidental charges. And we would get reimbursed if nothing was wrong in thee room.  I was upset she never mentioned if the hotel gave me a credit for staying there towards maybe restaurants or anything in Vegas. Which I did apparently, look through my emails. Partly might fault I should have read my emails before going. HOWEVER my boyfriend works at a hotel and they tell all their guest about all the freebies. I'm not trying to be cheap but it would have been nice to be informed that. So we get request a roll out bed. She actually was nice to tell us that we would get it at no charge and we should have it soon in the room. We actually went out and got drinks and we got to our room by like 11pm and my boyfriend went out and he got back before I did which was 1am and STILL NO EXTRA BED. He actually had to call and remind them. So we get to the room and I look around the bathroom is pretty dark.... They need a light in the shower or something. I look online what the room would look like it said we would have a tv in the bathroom...NOPE! No fridge, no microwave and no strip view oh and a dinosaur tv. My cousin had a go room with a nicer tv. I was shocked. I paid more and I get a shitty room. The housekeeping wasn't good. The 6nights I think they only cleaned it 2-3 maxed? Not only that my boyfriend was for the idea to tip the house keepers. They have a job why should we tip them especially if they don't do there job right. We actually ran out of toilet paper one night and had to tissue paper. We cleaned the trash can out and had to use that to put beers in with ice as a nice chest. The next day we get to the elevator and the button in the 21st on the right side facing the window was broken like stuck inside, I mean you can still use it but that was just not acceptable. So the second night I leave my wristlet in the cab yes that is my fault but I walked to lost and found and they basically told me it takes 5-6hrs to look at the tapes so they can say what cab company I was riding with. So they just gave me a list and I called and left a message but no return. So I decided to go back Friday morning and see if maybe they found it. 2 employees were in the hallway as I was waiting for someone at lost and found to help me. I knocked twice and no one opened the door. I pick up the phone and it's ringing and finally an answer. I was so upset that I lost my wallet with ALL MY MONEY AND CREDIT CARDS AND DEVIT CARD. Yes being in Vegas with no form of money is TERRIBLE. So I really wished they could have helped me but the guy that answered said no one returned nothing and I told him "I'm here till Tuesday the 24 can you look at the video from June 18." And the guy said "umm yeah I don't think no one is going to want to do that right now cause we have other things to do than look at the videos" EXCUSE ME IM IN VEGAS AND IM WITHOUT MONEY. I'm paying for my room just like everyone why can't you help me? And I'm actually telling you, you have like 3 days. Do you really have to be a jerk and say that? I leave because I am beyond mad in his response. I give at this point and don't even bother with it cause I had all my stuff expedited. So we finally check out and everything was decent.  However today 1 day later (today) I forward my boyfriend the hotel stay and it's $1533. WHERE THE HELL DID THESE CHARGES COMES FROM THE LADY SAID IT WAS $1234. Looking at the charges, I was never aware of a resort fee. And not only that it looks like the deposit I paid wasn't applied. And then that stupid charge. AND WE DIDNT GET THE  INCIDENTAL DEPOSIT BACK.  We didn't break, steal, or damage anything.I am so upset with this hotel currently waiting on a call from josh the manager and she what they can do because I am furious. NEVER STAYING HERE AGAIN.
2	This hotel is getting very dated.  Great location and that's about it.  Parking in the garage is horrendous.  All the way up to the top and no spaces.  Plenty reserved for the valet and Hilton Vacation Club though. Once inside you will most likely be accosted every time you walk through the lobby by very aggressive sales people trying to sell you time share rooms.The rooms need a major upgrade. The walls are thin and anything going on in the hallway or 2 or 3 doors down, you can hear every word.  Not the best at 2 in the morning.  The paint is peeling and the night table and desk drawers are too narrow to hold anything Check in/check out - do the express otherwise you could be waiting on line for 45 minutes.  Then of course it's about another 10 minute wait for a very crowded elevator. As with many other reviews, there are plenty of other hotels to select and that would be my recommendation.
1	We will not stay here again. Parking was insane and we we couldn't get valet because we weren't casino members. Other casinos in Vegas we have not had this issue. We had to park way out behind the wheel and cart our items in the heat. The parking garage was conveniently full. We got in and staff was not overly friendly. In the room the hardwood floor was nice but our shower leaked all night and the walls were dingy. We won't stay here again, you get what you pay for in Vegas.
1	The hotel room was fine. It's a little older, but it's ok.  We usually stay here for the pool and normally I'm happy with this hotel.  However this time I am very upset.  I was in Vegas to get married and most of my guests booked rooms the Flamingo. My mom rented a Cabana in the family pool which cost her $500 plus alcohol.  What makes me angry is that the adult pool had a special DJ so they were charging $20 to get in.  Also because of this special guest DJ they blocked off the hot tubs and other parts of the family pool.  My mom wanted to get in the hot tub and was told no.  I'm sorry, but you did not tell us when we booked this cabana that we would not have full access to the pool and spa.  I think it's ridiculous that you would charge someone $500 and not tell them that they would have limited access.  You could have told us when we booked the cabana.  Instead you were happy to take our money and block us from the pool.  Nice.Additionally, my groom booked a cabana on the adult side for the Friday before.  When my mom called to book her cabana they told her the adult cabana was also $500 for Friday.  I called two days later and was told the same thing.  When my groom called the next day to book the cabana they were like too bad so sad.  There are only 2 cabanas left so we just jacked the price up to $800.My family and friends spent close to $10,000 between rooms, cabanas, food and drink at the Flamingo alone and that is how we get treated.Also, even on floors higher than 17 don't plan to sleep before 3 am because the Mexican restaurant plays dance music so loud you can hear the lyrics that high up and feel the bass rattle your room.
2	Good luck finding a parking spot in the seven-floor parking garage. Huge sections are reserved for the following: valet, Hertz, some kind of unaffiliated Hilton club, disabled folks, maintenance/security. If you don't crash into someone before you've passed all these sections, you *might* find a spot on the uncovered roof!..if you're lucky. The garage empties into the gift shops, so be ready for sexually suggestive imagery, people trying to squirt stuff on you, and miles more walking before you get to the registration desk. If you're luckier still, you'll get a room in the Habitat tower and have to walk another mile to the elevators. If you brought luggage, have fun finding the ramp!  The shower had this creepy vent the wings of which could *not* be shut. I hope there wasn't a hidden camera in there. At night, the ambient Friday noise from the Lynq block party was loud enough to disturb us in our 12th floor room until at least eleven PM. The place only sells Pepsi products (just a personal peeve), too. The 13 dollar per day per computer wireless service wasn't fast enough to sustain a more securing VPN connection. If this has been a personal trip (and not business, i.e. paid for us), I would have been really pissed.
4	We stayed at the Flamingo for our wedding weekend! We absolutely loved the location and the amenities offered at the resort including the casino, the pools and the late night eateries! Our room was very nice and clean and had a great view of the strip! We were extremely happy with our choice in a hotel and plan to make the Flamingo "our" Vegas place! I would recommend this to anyone who wants a clean and nice room in a fantastic location this is where you should stay! The only reason we did not given it a 5 is die to some of the surroundings that still need updated...but it definitely does not effect the stay!! The staff in all capacities were friendly, helpful and great to work with!
1	So disappointed with the  Flamingo Hotel and the way they are treating my son and daughter in law. He is in the military and this is their first chance to have a few days alone without the children in Vegas. They were so excited  about having a Go room overlooking the strip, but they are so upset with the way they have been treated. Their room stinks of smoke, and they were told that they could change it  if the room still smelled after they sprayed it.  Not so, the girl on the desk  denied all knowledge saying no one ever changed rooms for that reason. I finally called (I'm the one babysitting and recommended the Flamingo) and spoke to a manager called Josh. He grudgingly offered that they could change their room to a lower floor as he said that they were sold out.Last time I stayed there, we were upgraded because of the smell of smoke, these days you get downgraded!!!!!
1	I'm a longtime Harrah's player/stayer.  I've stayed at all of the properties and Flamingo has always been a fun place to stay, even if it could be updated.  HOWEVER - with the Cromwell opening next door, and the ENTIRE SIDE of the building facing Bellagio and Paris engulfed in NOISE from the rooftop pool nightclub...until 4am...it SHAKES THE WINDOWS.  Worse yet, it's all techno crap.It might be ok if you're 25 and don't care about sleep (we've all been there) - but if you're a longtime Vegas player/visitor like me - go somewhere else FAR FAR AWAY from the Cromwell pool.  I blame Harrahs for ruining Flamingo - they own Cromwell too.Oh, and because I was so pi$$ed off about the 4AM window shaking BOOM BOOM BOOM from Cromwell - the other flaws in Flamingo (dirty carpets, unreliable elevators, slow check-in) became that much more evident and irritating.AVOID FLAMINGO IF SLEEP MATTERS TO YOU AT ALL.
1	Worst hotel in Vegas. Not because this property is older or not as nice as other Vegas hotels, but because management does not value the customers or it's hotel. Here's why it's terrible: 1) Customer service. We booked the FabDeluxe room on hotels.com mainly because the Flamingo is known for its wonderful pools. My sister is under 21 and the website did not clarify that there is only one small wading pool for people under 21. When we went to talk to management about this misleading information, the manager Ryan Ramsey was rude and stared blankly at me the whole time. He said that he would get us a pass to swim at Caesar's Palace but never did and wouldn't return our phone calls. We ended up checking out of the hotel the next day because it was 108 degrees and we just wanted to swim in a nice pool. It's just so disappointing that the Flamingo doesn't care about satisfying their customers. 2) Dirty. It's one thing if the hotel is old, it's another thing if it is dirty. There was tape on the ceiling of our hotel room. The shower had hair in it. The pillows smelled terrible. The carpet was disgusting. The elevators didn't work and had graffiti in them. Terrible. I've stayed in 1 and 2 star hotels in Vegas that were cleaner. 3) Check-in. Took forever and we ended up having to wheel our luggage through the hotel to get to the lobby then back through another part of the hotel to get to the elevators. Terrible design. Why would you have guests wheeling luggage over multiple flights of stairs?4) Food. We had tickets for the buffet which was pretty good, except one of the chairs at our table had vomit-looking stains on it. Everything was broken and needed updating. Which is fine, but they clearly have no pride in their hotel. 5) Noise. I heard the person above me sneeze all night long and the shower dripped water. Ultimately, this hotel is going down hill. There is no pride in ownership of this place. Everyone that works there looks unhappy and are not very pleasant to talk to. The exception to this was Fran at the front desk. She was pleasant. It's apparent the Flamingo doesn't care about its guests. The hotel has made no effort to maintain itself or keep up with a changing Las Vegas. My thought is that they are going to close within the the next few years and the owners are trying to get a couple more bucks out of it in the meantime. I would recommend any other hotel in Vegas. I even stayed in the Palace Station once and it was 50x better than this place. Avoid the Flamingo! They treat you like scum!
4	I recently stayed in a "Go" room. Sweet!!! Staff was wonderful. Especially the cleaning crew on the 19th floor. Room was facing the strip and the view was breathtaking!!! Room was super clean and the bed was super comfortable. Highly recommend the "Go" room. Saw somebody in the next row win $1,450 on the Wicked Winning machine. Donny and Marie show I saw two years ago is fun filled and great for all ages. Saw Celine this time, just across the street. If you're a winner; treat yourself at Ruth's Chris steakhouse at Harrahs. Pricey; but we all enjoyed it(-:
3	Finally stayed here on a trip at the end of June, 2014.  Overall it was an OK experience.CHECK-IN/FRONT DESK - 5 StarsOur flight landed at McCarran at 7:30am local time, so we were at the Flamingo by 8:15 with probably no chance of our rooms being ready.  However, we decided to check an.  The lady at the front desk was very polite, and offered to have us 'automatically' checked in as soon as our room was available.  She advised us to return to the front desk anytime after 2pm to pick up our room keys, which was nice because this was a separate line from check-in.  So upon returning approx 3pm, I waited a minute or two in a very short short 'keys only' line, picked up our room keys and I was on my way.HOTEL ROOM - 2 StarsFYI, we did not stay in an upgraded 'GO' room. For the most part, the room was nice and probably should get 3 to 3.5 stars, but since the bathroom seemed really outdated and was obviously not re-done with the room itself, I'm unfortunately giving it only 2 stars.  As for the beds, desk, misc. furniture and the TV, those all seemed pretty nice, and the floor was not carpeting which took me by surprise.  It was actually a fake wood (laminate?), which seems to be easier for cleaning purposes.  ON A SIDE NOTE:  The corridors/hallways and elevators in our tower were really, really really outdated and need to be upgraded badly.CASINO - 4 StarsFYI, I'm including the Margaritaville Casino in with this review.  Overall the casino is nice, and you have the infamous 'Flamingo' fragrance that is always pumped throughout the casino, which I actually like.  You can usually find lower table limits here compared to Caesars across the street or the Cromwell next door.  There are always $5 blackjack tables inside Margaritaville and the main Flamingo casino itself has a variety of table games with lower limits, even on the weekends and in the evenings.  Also have a variety of slot machines, which I like as well.  While the decor in the casino may seem 'outdated', I don't think it really is.  It still has that vintage Vegas feel and look to it.DINING - 2 StarsOk, this is where the Flamingo could step up it's game a bit.  Carlos' and Charlie's is a smaller chain and not unique to Vegas so I've opted to steer away from there.  The Buffet could use some work as well.  Went there for breakfast twice on my past two visits and it was not good at all.  The selection was very limited (didn't even have pancakes) and the food wasn't the best of quality.  Want a better buffet?  Check out Harrah's down the street.  And as for the Cafe' at the Flamingo, I've eaten here once and the service was horrible and the food was very bland and tasteless and took forever to come out.  Even if I stay at the Flamingo again, I will not be dining here.BARS -  4 Stars  Ok, for starters the casino bars are average, just a few bars in the middle of the casino.  But what I do like to give this area 4 stars is Margaritaville, the 5 O'Clock Somewhere Bar inside the Margaritaville Casino, and the Corner Bar which is located outside on the southwest corner of the building (right by the Cromwell casino entrance).  The corner bar offers up $3 Miller Lite Pints everyday (16oz aluminum cans), all day, which is really cheap on the strip now that Bill's and the original O'Shea's are gone.  Not a lot of nightlife here, but The Flamingo does have a few good spots to grab a drink. SPORTS BOOK -  2 Stars  The Sports Book at the Flamingo is really small and sits next to Carlos' and Charlie's.  Definately not one of the Sports Books I would prefer to catch a game in.  While it's clean and looks decent, I would just prefer a larger sports book such as the one at TI, The Mirage or my favorite, Caesars Palace.POOL - 5 StarsOk, behind The Mirage and Caesars, The Flamingo has my third favorite pool in Vegas.  I especially like that they have an over 21 pool where no kids are allowed.  And the partying doesn't kick in until later in the afternoon, so if you want a nice relaxing swim without kicking and screaming kids, head to the Flamingo Go Pool.  The family pool is also nice with a few small water slides added to it.STAFF - 5 StarsOverall, the staff in general (front desk, casino, restaurant/bars, housekeeping) are great and deserve 5 stars.
3	Came here for a show. But, spent time on the machines and walking around. You sure can tell that it is aging and needs to be spruced up. The smell of old smoke and some of the chairs you sat on were torn.The bathroom for the ladies and men were filthy. Such a shame. I hope they start to fix it up
3	The go deluxe rooms are great. However we stayed in the 'updated' rooms this weekend and they certainly were not the same. The bathroom was tiny and you could not get out of the shower if the bathroom door was open or sit on the toilet with the bathroom door open. The shower was very narrow and the shower curtain constantly touched you while in the shower due to the narrowness. The sink leaked and the grout was molding.. Definitely needed some serious updating.The pillows were very hard and old.The walls were very thin and could hear every thing and one go by, including the people staying next to us. We used the 'spa elevators' to access our rooms and there was ALWAYS a huge line to get to them. Why?The carpet in the hallways were oversized and rippling so it was impossible to roll our luggage on. Definite accident waiting to happen.The only reason we stay at the flamingo is for the pool and the over all location. We do not eat anywhere downstairs (except the new pizza place that replaced the $2 burger place) or gamble anywhere in the casino.We will only stay at the flamingo again if it is in the go deluxe.Pool and Go deluxe get 5 stars.
2	I am bumping this to two stars because I did get an upgrade while there. I stayed at the Flamingo June 2014 for 4 nights for a conference for work. Checking in was an ordeal, but not entirely their fault. When I finally got into one of their "updated rooms" I was shocked. The bathroom is always the first thing I check out in a hotel room and the bathroom in this room was horrible. I have stayed in hotels in third world countries with better bathrooms. I will say that the nasty room that I was in for the first two nights had an incredibly comfortable bed and pillows, they were actually better in the cheap room than they were in the upgraded room.Another positive was that their cleaning staff does a good job. I stayed at another hotel after I left the Flamingo and they had a horrible maid service and everything just felt dirty. The Flamingo is an older hotel but you can tell they've been cleaning up messes for years. So my hats off to them for that. The third morning I was there my friend went to retrieve something from the closet and the whole closet mirror/door fell on top of her. She tried to put it back together but found that it had been duct taped together!!! After two nights of being directly above one of the bars and getting NO sleep because of the bumping base well into the wee hours of the morning. The closet falling on my friend was the straw that broke the camels back. We had to be at our conference at 7 am most days so it was rough not to have quiet until 3 or 4 am and having people run through the halls at 5 am who had been partying all day scream WOOOOO!!!! VEEEGGGASSS!!! Not the classiest bunch of people were staying there when I was there. The front desk people were very kind to us and got us into another room that had a great view and was much nicer and quieter than the other one. The only problem with that room was that our door wouldn't close properly. I was scared to death and thankful when I heard a knock on my door around 1 am. It was a security guard who let me know that my door was not shut and was stunned to see that no one had noticed the door malfunction. All in all I loved the location (in the heart of the strip) and it was a very laid back hotel. I think if you were a kid who wanted to party cheaply it would be fun, but for a professional person there on business it was awful the first couple nights. The pool is def a party pool, but if you don't like a whole bunch of 21 year olds rubbing all over each other drunk with a loud DJ its not for you, but it is VERY Vegas! If it  was on my dime I wouldn't stay there again.
4	Old school all the way. The first hotel on the Strip in Las Vegas. Built 1947. Only hotel in Vegas named after a bird with thin legs. Enjoyed seeing an audience in shorts and flip flops. Class, baby, class. The only people in jackets here are the car parkers. Extensive remodeling going on. New duct tape on the carpeting. I love this place.
4	My stay was waaay better than I anticipated from all the reviews I read before I went for 5 nights.The room I had was a strip view facing the Ceasar's hotel. Best view ever for the 4th of July fireworks show. Wowzer. The room was nice enough, especially for the price. The only complaint I have is I swear I could smell weed come throught the AC vent from time to time.The faux wood floor was a little dirty but it's Vegas. Oh well.The elevators int he hotel are a straight trip to ride and at times we got off and switched. lol.The pool is very cool and I've heard one of the nicest to party at in Vegas. Lots of free chairs and the poolside beds are only $118 on non-holiday days, with 5 free beers and 5 free waters. Sweet. Unlimited towels are nice and three bar areas.
1	I really want to give Flamingo 5 stars. This is my third stay here in three years. I've been patient and stayed through the renovations and mess in previous years. I've recommended the hotel to anyone I know who was coming to Vegas. The rooms are clean, casino is safe and friendly, room service is efficient, hotel staff are professional. The lobby is bright, clean and happy!But the parking. OH GOD, THE PARKING. The self-parking carpark is multi-level but the first three levels are for valet only. Every time I try to park after 11pm, I have trouble finding a lot. The carpark is dark and narrow and full of blind spots. So I valet. But after 11pm, the valet service gets full and only accepts Total Rewards 7 star something or other members only. No luck even if you are a hotel guest. HOTEL GUEST!Now I have to go into the full carpark and get into all kinds of trouble only to find that the carpark is still full. And have to park at an "over-flow" carpark much further away. So angry. So so angry.
5	I checked in to the Flamingo for a few days for the 4th July Holiday. I gamble in many venues. If you want to have fun and gamble at the same time go to the Keno Parlor, my favorite. Traci and her friends are fun and professional at the same time. You even have fun when you lose. But there is an older gentleman there as a writer who needs to be soaked in warm water for six hours or so he loosens up and talks. I have been going there for many years and was saddened to hear that Robbin passed away and Mickey retired. Can't wait to get back
1	Cold showers. Took maintenance almost 2 hours to reply. (Not her fault she got call 1.5 after we complained) traveling here, no one has 2 hours to sit around and wait. Filthy room. Full on disappointed. Staff not very helpful in fixing anything. They brush you off to the next person. All and all a total disaster. 250$ for a room here? Sheez. Never again! Oh and drips of some sort on our bed skirt. Yikes. Nothing like it looks online. Gross!
3	This is a very decent hotel for the price and location.  It's almost right on the strip and very close to the main attractions.  We stayed here mid June during EDC week - four nights for $440 is not bad!  The room was very clean, although not new and remodeled like the website confirmation promised.  The bathroom was a bit dated with old yellow tile floors and an ugly bath tub, but still very clean.  There's a food court in the hotel with fast food and pizza.  The pizza at the food court is a bit pricey, and I recommend getting pizza at the place right next to the elevators.  One slice is HUGE and they're pretty good.  My main complaints are that it can get pretty loud during the day from the Drais pool party right next door and that you have to wait a lonnnnggg time for the elevators.  I would definitely consider staying here again the next time I'm in Vegas.
4	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Flamingo this past weekend and we loved it! I had stayed there in the past in the standard room and it was okay. I did not like how thin the walls were and could hear EVERYTHING happening next door. This time I booked the Go room and it was well worth it. Agoda had a deal for only 30 bucks more and I thought why not? The room was super clean and modern. Everything was brand new. There was a shower with side jets and a separate bath tub. The walls were pink/white and the ceiling had a fun pink lighting with a mirror. The mirror in the bathroom had a tv in it. This went along with the flat screen in the bedroom. So in other words, hearing the lebron NBA news was not an issue! Our friends stayed a few floors down in the regular room and it's nice, just not as new. The bathroom is half the size. The view was just as great though. The entire hallway smelled like pee unfortunately on their floor. It was gross when you got off the elevator. The hallways on their floor were crap and did not match what the room entailed. (Which was way better). Overall having the upgrade was fun and you got a daily 20$ food & beverage credit. The pool at the flamingo is so much fun too!! It's free for guests and great since it's so hot and had an awesome Dj. Definitely recommend booking!
2	- LOCATION is the only saving grace for this place.- We checked in 10am and had to pay a $30 early check in fee. - The main room was semi renovated with update floors but the furniture was dated and the bed squeaky. - Bathroom was super tiny- The shower pressure was like a fire hose.- Hairdryer cord torn and taped with scotch tape... coincidentally it did not work.- The shuttle pick up/drop off was far from the entrance.- We were suppose to get $20 a day food & beverage credit, but the hotel did not tell us of this during check in.
3	I'm sure at some point this hotel was the jam. It still remains a little gem but it appears a bit outdated.  I enjoyed the ambiance and beach decor. The attendants at the cashier and digital roulette table were all very friendly.The music was also enjoyable if you like 80's,  90's, and early 2000's music. While outside you can enjoy pretty views of cascades, koi, flamingo, ducks, and pelicans.  This resort seems family-friendly and affordable.
1	I booked 14 rooms in this hotel for a family reunion and I can tell you, they haven't done NEARLY enough to upgrade the hotel. They tried to charge my family far more than the agreed on price and even locked a family member out of her room, then tried to charge her nearly $100 more for her room than she was suppose to pay!The room we had was suppose to be UPgraded, it was anything BUT upgraded. The sheets had stains on them. The room wasn't cleaned when we came in at 9P.M., so we had to call for a cleaning. I would heartily recommend paying more across the street or staying in one of the off-strip hotels. This place was not good, and the clerk at the desk was rude and obstinate. I wanted to be with my family on the same floor and she put me on a different floor, right after I said "oh I want to be with the family!" Wow! No way I will ever go there again.
3	Rooms are relatively cheaper compared to the other nicer hotels on the strip.  Definitely nicer than ones like Hooters and Best Western (quite significantly so) but looks like doodoo compared to places like The Cosmopolitan (pretty expected).Rooms were generally well furnished - we had the 2 queen bedroom.  It came with a 32" lcd tv, a single seat couch, and a small table.  The floors were also laminated hardwood floors.  However, it did not come with a minifridge...We were in the smokers' room and it smelled pretty terrible.  Like constant burnt marshmallow (the smell you get once you go beyond the toasty marshmallow aroma...not nice).  The smokers' room at Hooters was surprisingly odor free (although the place had burnt marks all over the carpet).  The main problem I had with this place was the lack of soap and hygiene products left by the housekeeper.  They gave a small vial of shampoo (which didn't really lather...strange...), small bottle of lotion, a small bar of facial soap, and a small bar of body soap.  I don't mind sharing the vial of shampoo and lotion but if I opted to stay in a room with 2 separate beds, it is pretty reasonable to assume that I do not want to share the same bars of soap with whoever I am staying with.  Why would I wash my crotch with the same bar of soap my friend washed his crotch with and then proceeded to wash his face with afterwards?  That would almost be giving an indirect.....nevermind. The pool is quite nice with a waterfall and EDM music playing in the background.  The water temperature was also perfect and warm (probably from everyone's pee).  I will say that 90% of the men had moobs that were bigger than majority of the women there.  Their nipples looked like salami.....ew...sorry, too descriptive.
1	Stay Away from this hotel!!!  I promise that you will regret it.   As we arrived to the hotel we had a bell boy help bring up our luggage to the room.   finding out a day later some of our stuff were stolen and of course the hotel did not do anything about it.   It always take almost 5 mins just to get an elevator.   The carpet in the room was really sticky!!!  It was so gross.   Customer service really sucked.   I am telling you right now stay away....   pay an extra 20 bucks more to go else where.
1	I just departed Las Vegas yesterday. I am a plus model and came to LV to do a couple of photo shoots for designers. I have stayed in the time shares at the flamingo and thought that the hotel would be just as lovely. But I was wrong. The room was outdated. With minimal furnishings and wood headboards. There was no coffee makers. Which you at least get at a motel 6. The room was flawed in so many ways. Next the hotel pool closed at 6? Crazy. Especially for a hotel that is known for their pool. I requested information on getting a cabana and never heard back from anyone. And it took us an hour to check out because of the overlap with people checking in and out and they were not properly staffed. I am just very disappointed in what I seen. Especially things being so different from pictures. I come to Vegas often for business and pleasure and i just can't see returning to this hotel. So with that I give my one star. Thank you
4	If you're on a budget during your Vegas trip, this is the hotel to stay at. They fixed it up, so it still has that older vibe, but bumped it up a few notches. I've stayed at almost all of the hotels on the Strip. I personally don't like going all out on the rooms and staying in the suites in The Cosmopolitan or whatever because we don't really spend much time in it anyways since we're always out and about. Anyways, my boyfriend and I stayed in the GO Luxury room with a view for four nights, five days and they did not disappoint. We paid about $400 total - including the resort fee. The room had a king bed (which was very comfortable), great view of Caesar's Palace right across the street, 32in TV, a gnarly mirror TV in the bathroom, refrigerator, desk and chair. Checking in and out of the room was really easy. The housekeepers were really nice and quick with cleaning. The hotel is located right smack in the middle of the Strip which is really great - directly across is the Caesar's Palace, to the left Bally's/Paris/Miracle Mile Shops, to the right Harrah's/The Linq. Again, this hotel is cheap and better than staying at The Quad, Circus Circus..or Travel Lodge. I don't usually review Vegas hotels but I thought they deserved one.
4	I've now stayed here a total of three times, and have another visit booked for Labor Day weekend. I don't exactly understand the negative reviews, but as a Total Rewards member who plays at all of the Harrah's casinos, perhaps I am biased, since I feel I have been taken great care of at all of their hotels. Flamingo is not only on the strip, it's CENTER strip, so the location truly cannot be beat. Walking north to Venetian, or south to Planet Hollywood is easy, and crossing to Caesars is simple, too.The one complaint I will concur with is the thin walls, which I noticed particularly on my February visit. We were in the room closest to the elevator on the 8th floor of the Spa Tower, and I heard that elevator dinging at all hours of the night and morning. I bought ear plugs on the first night because my boyfriend snores, so I didn't experience it in an overall sleep-disturbing way, however.Parking has never been an issue for us here, but we typically stay Sunday-Wednesday. We've won money, lost money, eaten in the food court, checked out Margaritaville, and at the end of the day, this is still a very nice hotel. Here's my only concern about some of the negative reviews, and should serve as a warning to potential hotel guests: what the heck are you complaining about? You spend 8-10 hours in the room, most of which are with your EYES CLOSED. Who cares what the room looks like? And just join the Total Rewards club already, so you don't have to wait in that huge line to check-in.
1	Wow! This used to be my favorite place when I came to Vegas. Stayed here a few weeks ago. Very old and tired looking furniture in my room. No more security at the elevators for guest protection. Instead, sales people trying to hook you into buying a time share. Finally, the buffet was just plain bad! Very poor quality of their roast beef, low grade shrimp and snow crab, horrible side dishes that were just plain tasteless. Very sorry condition. Only one bright spot with a caveat. The coffee shop is still as good as ever. Wonderful eggs Benedict, really good steak at a reasonable price, yummy desserts. The problem is that they are opened a vey short time. Something like 7:00 AM to 3:00 PM. Their best place and they limit the hours! What a shame! Still, I really do not want to come back unless I hear they upgrade!
1	Arrived this Friday at 3:00pm. Check in took over an hour! Had private dinner party at Carlos and charlies for 60 family members. Came in for reservation to not have anywhere to sit. Our party was all separated then told we could not be accommodated for drinks because there was only one assigned waitress. The whole dinner was paid weeks in advance. Horrible service and rude waitress.  We then met a man who worked here that offers us 20$ unlimited drink bracelet which he told us they get paid for every one they give out. We then came in to after dinner club with 20 people and paid our 20$ fees.5 minutes later we were told we had to leave (no refunds) because they claim one person who walked in with our group caused a scene 2 days ago which didn't happen. So we payed thousands of dollars and got treated like total shit. Will never come here again. Worst vegas hotel service I've ever seen.
5	The pool is amazing! Here celebrating our 9 year wedding anniversary and relaxing at the pool. So much fun!Love Las Vegas!
1	The Flamingo - Hotel - Las Vegas-  is not what it used to be - or maybe it is just as it used to be... Twenty five tears old and looking very worn down... I am attending a conference in Las Vegas. The PSUG conference is being held in the actual Hotel- if it weren't for that... I would not stay here... The halls are dingy, the registration desk was backed way down the hall, the cigarette smoke is thick...Everywhere. The parking is inadequate and the carpets are all stained - nasty! Yuck!!!! They did offer to expedite the check-in process IF I signed up for "Total Rewards"  club card... What a joke!
4	Pros: Nice and clean standard rooms, reasonable rates for prime Strip location, parking garage for guestsCons: A little outdated looking compared to other Casino resorts and ice machines never refilled, parking spot hunts could last a long time, key cards always seemed to stop workingMy family and I stayed at the Flamingo on our recent trip to Vegas. They have a parking garage for the guests. It's free, but because it's free, you have to search for a while to find a spot that isn't a valet or reserved for Hertz or another hotel. The hotel itself is very nice and seems family friendly. I would suggest arriving early before check in because the line was ridiculously long. Check in took us about an hour from after we arrived. Once checked in, you will have to traverse the casino floor to get to the hallway with the elevators. Sounds simple enough until you realize that the casino is full of cigarette smoke, and you have hotel staff offering the passing guests information on various shows in Las Vegas. The elevators to go up to the rooms vary in appearance. Some are in definite need of renovating. There may be markings on the walls and doors or you may be lucky enough to have loose panels in the elevator you get to ride in. When you make it to the floor, if you are lucky like us, you will get to walk down the entire hallway to get to your room(s). It really wasn't as bad as I am trying to make it sound because once inside, the room is very nice, clean and pretty modern looking. My family was lucky enough to have a room facing the strip and I loved that about our room. The one thing that I did not like was that they charge extra for a refrigerator and because of opting out of that feature, we had to get ice for our cooling needs. That wasn't so bad until we realized that the ice machine around the corner from our rooms was never filled and so we had to walk all the way back towards the elevators to use the machine around that corner and down the hall next to the vending machine. Over our stay, housekeeping did a great job of redoing our rooms and even though it is one of the older hotels on the strip, I enjoyed staying here. I would definitely recommend this hotel for a reasonably priced hotel with a great location. (Oh and a side, our key cards always seemed to not work. Even after going down to the Keys desk and having them reset, one key always didn't work. I am not sure if we were the only unlucky ones to have experienced this. )
1	Hideous sums it up. Won't go into detail, too much negative. There are, a couple ok things about staying here, but not really worth a mention. Do yourself a favor and do not stay here. Plenty of other hotels on the strip to stay in.
3	I expected mid-level service and quality, but I did not expect the 1.5 hour wait for checkin at 11:45 PM. This place runs like a ship... A very slow moving ship that is understaffed and shows its age. The carpets were coming up in the hallways, there were holes in the bathroom ceiling and the buffet was abysmal. The pool is this place's only saving grace.
5	I honestly have no complaints. My boyfriend and I stayed here for three nights and had the best time ever. We had the Suite Deluxe. It was all we could ask for in a room. Yes it wasn't a huge room or suite like Caesar's Palace in The Hangover, but so what? It was clean, it was air-conditioned, had a great view of the pool and the High Roller, and so much more. Plus you weren't gonna spend that much time there anyways aside from sleeping and getting ready. You're in Vegas, after all. I will definitely return here again and again. I love you Vegas!!!
4	-I stayed at the Flamingo for my birthday with 2 friends and had a great time. I was able to check in early and Mario at the front desk was very friendly. -After getting to my room was was in the habitat tower, one of the older towers, my friend used the bathroom an the toilet clogged, we called to get it fixed and went down to the bar, when we got back it had not been fixed, we called again and it turns out that we had to wait around in the room to get it fixed. -The next day, it clogged again and we called again, they were able to transfer the call to the maintenance and they said we didn't have to wait around so we left. When we came back it wasn't fixed so we once again waited to get it fixed. After that we went down to the front desk and talked to Mario who was able to get us to a new room on the same floor but in a newer tower with an even better view of the Bellaigo fountains. -Both rooms were very nice and clean and had plenty of space for the 3 of us to have our own space. The view is amazing if you face the strip. After the switch I was much more pleased with the service and accommodations provided for me. -The casino had many game options and I needed up winning every day I played there. -The food in the hotel food court area is sub par, the pizza was crap, no sauce and doughy crust, I was only able to eat it because of all the strong drinks I had by the pool. But by no means up to Chicago pizza standards, or even New York, your best bet would be to go to the Quad which is right next door and get food, or goto a nice restaurant. -The pool is an amazing time, no long lines and plenty of seating, just takes a while to find a spot because it's so big. Strong drinks and nice staff. I spilled a strangers drink am they have him a new one no charge. -Easy access to the monorail which is the only easy way to get around Vegas. -In the center of the strip and easy access to everything. Overall a perfect place to stay for your first time in Vegas.
4	The flamingo is one of the older casinos but it is right on the strip the pool was nice the staff was friendly. The room was fine it showed s little wear and tear.What they need to improve Check in was a nightmare almost 2 hours of waiting in line that is not good customer service. The parking lot is a joke they share a building with hertz and valet so not much space left we parked on the roof #7 the elevator stops on #6 so u need lug your stuff down the stairs. But it is right in the middle of strip so the location is the major plus. We walked or rode the bus (8$all day)
1	I grew up going to this hotel and wanted to try and start the same tradition with my family and son.  Boy oh boy has this hotel gone downhill....was so disappointed.  There were many problems:1.) Check in took 2 effing hours, we didn't get into our room until 2 am2.) Be careful, you don't want to sleep on the side where the Cromwell hotel is...their rooftop club will keep you up all night long :(3.) This hotel is no longer family friendly, it's more fitted for 21 year olds.4.)  Was super sad about their new Go Pool crap, use to be open to all guests, now only 21 and over and more of a club now with super loud, annoying music5.)  Families are now asked to be shoved into their tiny beach club pool, so ridiculous and insulting for families.6.) DO NOT try to be in the lobby when the party pool closes at 7 pm...drunk people everywhere7.) The rooms are renovated,  but so ugly and they did a really bad job8.) Elevators are scary9.) The buffet used to be amazing...it's terrible nowI was very disappointed and sad that we will no longer be carrying on the family tradition at this hotel...can't believe I wasted money there.  I wouldn't even stay here if it was just my friends and I, terrible.  So mad my son had to endure this icky hotel.
1	I love the hotel and stay here every time I am in Vegas. The buffet at the flamingo however is terrible. Food was disgusting and the place was not clean. I went right down the street to Harrahs buffet and it was so much better!!!!
1	Awful is the word, my wife and I visited for a family wedding and stayed in this hotel, we should have known the price was too good to be true....The room was in the dog friendly wing.....we did not have a dog....The room did not have shampoo or towels when we arrived.....we like to shower and be clean....The room had multiple stains and sticky things in the carpet.....we do not like sticky things on our feet....The room attendants took over an hour to bring up towels/soap.....we are not good tippers after 15min....Out of a dozen hotel elevators, only 4x appeared to be working.....we are not triathletes who can run up 19 flights of stairs with two suitcases.....Would we stay at the Flamingo hotel ever again? We would not!
3	Went to The Flamingo for wedding.  First, valet took forever. When an attendant finally got to us (15 mins later), he called for a bell hop. The bell hop took another 15 minutes to show up to our car. Now, I'm standing outside of the car in 100 degree weather waiting for the bell hop to get to my car. I'm a good tipper and I tipped the valet attendant $10 hoping he'd get the bell hop quick but no luck. Anyways he finally shows up, gets our bag and I head to check in. I get to the check in area and the line is super long. For a second, I thought I was in line for a Disneyland ride. However, my wife and I ditched the line, got into the rewards line and filled out for a card. This allowed us to get into the rewards check in line. Turned out to be a 15 minute wait instead of 2 hours in the regular line. At the check in, I do the $20 sandwich trick and it worked! Got upgraded to a cosmopolitan suite!!So we head to our room. Luckily the elevator in the spa tower worked unlike the other ones in the other towers. No elevator issues for us! Get to our suite and it is amazing.  It was huge, great view and clean. Sort of...we open the mini fridge and there's a left over sandwich in there. Looks like the maids forgot something. Anyways we call the bell desk to bring up our luggage. Guess what? We had to wait over an hour to get our bags. No biggie, we can wait since we're inside the room now. My family meets us up in our suite and we order 2 buckets of beer to kick off the weekend.  Surprisingly the beers came within half an hour. Not bad I thought. So we head to the buffet after we settled in and got our luggage.  Buffet wasn't that great for the price they charge ($30) or something, but we wanted to dine as a family so we went. I tipped the cashier $20 and she gives us diamond access and complimentary wine for all of us (we had a party of 8). The food was very mediocre.  For the price we paid, I figured we'd have more choices of food, but it was horrible. Overall the weekend was fun. We were forced to use the under 21 age pool since my niece was with us but it wasn't bad. They still served food and alcohol there and we didn't have to deal with the over packed "adult" pool. So I gave it a three star since I got a cool upgrade.  If not it would be a 2 star review. Bad things I experienced:Long valet and bell hop wait timesBad buffetIce machine and soda machine didn't work on our floorElevator always had spilled beer or something in itLong check in lineGood things I experienced:Awesome room upgrade. Shower had mid body jets and a TV in the mirror! Fun pool area (non "adult" side). Great pool side food and drinksGood place for slots. Won a few timesPizza place stays open late and it was good!Fast room service
1	Pretty much the worst hotel experience I have had in a long, long while. I booked a "Go Room" from their website and paid a one-night confirmation fee. The night before I arrived to check in, I called the hotel to confirm my late arrival and room availability. I was told the room I booked would be available when I check in. Added to that, I was told to use the Valet service as that was the best for that time of night.Once I arrived, I was greeted by a tired valet who informed me that only "Total Rewards" members were allowed to valet. I told him that I was not one and was instructed to valet. He, thankfully, took my car and only after I tipped him, did he offer the "Total Rewards" valet ticket.Waiting in line to check in took 60 minutes (this is not an exaggeration). Once I got to a Front Desk agent, they informed me the room I booked was no longer available. This is after I was told it would be only 24 hours before. I was down-graded to a lesser room, which was not renovated nor was a smoking room (as I found out in the room) which I booked. I tried to dial the front desk from my room, but the phone did not work. I had to call using my mobile to get a different room. There was a downgrade option with smoking available and that I would have to come to the front desk the next day to move to the room I originally booked. Additionally, the front desk manager (who, after 25 minutes on hold did I finally speak to) told me to come down to the front desk to get my new keys for that first night. I am the one that had to tell him to send a bellman up. After relocation, I had enough. It was an okay room and I didn't want to keep moving around the hotel, every night. Oh, and also, to add insult to injury they told me the would adjust my rate to reflect the cheaper room. Upon getting my folio, I saw they did not. Instead of calling them AGAIN, I decided to pay it anyway just so I don't have to deal with them again... ever again.In review:Worst Check-In experienceDowngraded Inaccessible front desk and reservation agentsDo not trust reservation teamsHotel is NOT renovatedCasino floor is dirtyElevators need updatingDouble check your folioWorld's smallest glasses in the rooms
4	I don't really have anything terrible to say about Flamingo. The rooms were recently renovated and very nice. The location was amazing and the price is great. If you are a pool person, Flamingo has one of the nicest pools in Vegas. They also have a great pizza place that is open late for those after bar munchies. My only complaint was that the age demo of hotel guest was a little older than my friends and I, would have been nicer to have a late 20's early 30's crowd. But again, that's not terrible as we could easily walk to other casinos to hang out.
1	Stayed for three nights July 16-19.First we faced a rude employee at the entrance that told us that we were wrongly parked.... and told us to self park before checking in. This was very uncomfortable to carry 4 suitcases from the highest level in the parking garage to the check in counter. If he had any service-mind he could have told us to unload our luggage and then park our car.... but not at this hotel.... Check in is a nightmare at Flamingo - it took over an hour...... We had heard that they had remodeled the hotel, but it is worn again and do not have rooms like many of the other nicer hotels in Vegas.....The breakfast areas at the hotel is terrible and dirty and with worn furnitures (the leather arm chairs have big holes and rips in them)I believe everything at the hotel shows on bad or terrible Management and that they have lost touch in running a great hotel.It is sorry because Flamingo has a great location and is one of the truly classic hotels in Vegas.
2	1) I am staying for 7 nights... During the weekend I had noisy neighbors, but manageable ones so I didn't say anything. Halfway during my stay they were replaced with a LOUD  group of girls. I Called security up one night after midnight and they never came. Tonight, I tried to get my room swapped and they wouldn't let me. Said it was too late... Even though I came as soon as I could to switch after work. So, now tonight I have to wait until they wake me up when they get back to call security to tell then to be quiet. AND THEN tomorrow I get to pack up my stuff, leave it at concierge all day and stand in the longest line ever to get a new room. I am really disappointed with how little they are doing to help me. 2) no free wifi .... I didn't know ppl still had to pay for wifi. And the service in the rooms is TERRIBLE. I could barely load anything while in my room. 3) bathroom: barely any lighting and no lighting in showers. The water pressure is very poor. The water in the sink doesn't drain well either. Clogs very easily.4) cleanliness. Although the rooms aren't renovated, they are at least neat and tidy. The carpet outside in the hallway are stained , ripped and hole-y in places and aren't even connected to the floor. 5) also, the gym is connected to the spa and isn't open 24 hours and therefore closes at 7pm. So if you were planning on going after work, don't count on it.
4	so the room was ok.. we had a decent view of the linq wheel. the one thing i didnt like was to open our door we had to thrust our hip into the door to open it. the pool was ok filled with old people. the bartender made a mai tai that tasted nasty. there was coffee but no coffee maker. for the most part it was quiet. the bed was ok a little hard. im a huge fan of their shops. the lick candy store was funny. their gift shop had everything from hello kitty to condoms. im not sure if i would stay here again but ill check out the stores again. for $50 a nite it was fine. one of the ice makers on the floors didnt work there was water spills all over the floor no one cleaned up.. the parking here is a nightmare just valet its complementary. the extra star is for the stores.
4	I stayed at the Flamingo for the first time. I can't really compare this place to others because it was my first time to Vegas. But I will tell you about my experience. I booked a fab deluxe room with one king. The room was very spacious. The view was not that great which really didn't matter to me because I was hardley in the room. The bed was comfortable to sleep after those late party nights. All in all it was clean, roomy and comfortable. My husband and I say the x burlesque show which I recommend but you can check my review on the xburlesque. They have many restaurants in the casino so you don't have to go far if your trying to stay close. Advice: sign up for total rewards and book with them directly and they will waive you early registration fee. I had an amazing experience I would defenetly book there again. Almost forgot the pool! Its not a crazy pool party theme but it is a chill place to go. They have a DJ playing and dancers in the pool. And most importantly a bar! I hope my review helps
4	I just got back from staying the weekend here, (25th-28th) my husband and I as well as my friends stayed in this hotel to celebrate my birthday weekend. While we checked in we were worried we would not be able to stay on the same floor as our friends (whatever rep is available next is the one that will book your room) this young man Brian from Pittsburg heard our concern and walked over to the rep that was helping my cousins, he went out of his way to find out what floor they would be in. As he came back he notified us that we would all be in the same floor. I was soo excited when I heard the news, we normally have to beg people to do this for us. And the one time I don't ask we get what we want. Brian was extremely helpful he even offered us a sky view., which I'm sure is proper procedure but he wasn't pushy about it.  Check in went very smooth, thanks!When we got into our rooms we were overwhelmed! The view was absolutely gorgeous, the Go Deluxe rooms are so beautiful! And the bathroom was so fun! My fav color is pink & of course there was a touch of pink in there. Call me lame but I have never seen a tv built in  mirror! Wow! This room had it all!! My experience here was amazing, from the friendly staff including the cleaning ladies, bartenders.. Everyone was super chill & nice! I will say parking is a hassle. There are toooo many spaces for valet, and then the hotel only narrows it down for rewards customers. I was a little offended. So much empty space in valet but other customers weren't good enough to park there.  Something needs to be done about that, we parked in nearby hotels just to get to ours. If parking was not an issue I would give flamingo a 5 star. Besides that, I'm sure we will be back!!
1	This hotel was terrible. Checking in and out was a headache. Apparently they have four people working the front. 2 for checking in/out and 2 for mail and key pick-up. No free wifi, the pool closes super early, and the sheets had stains in various parts of the bed, there was this disgusting fur like throw over the end of the bed that looked infested with dust and the towels in the restroom also had stains. I swear that there must have been bed bugs in room 6021 because the first day we checked in and went to take a nap, I woke up and a few minutes after I had a major bug bite welt on my back! My overall experience was horrible and to too it off I went to Vegas to see Celine Dion at Caesars palace to find out the a few hours before show time her show was canceled. But I'll write that review on Caesars later. The staff there at The Flamingo was not helpful and very nonchalant about everything. I will not go back there and I might not even visit Vegas anymore! Just not my kind of place :(
1	Here the July 31 weekend... I pre checked in online and STILL am waiting in a very long line that has not moved at all. Why bother having an early check in when you still have to wait over an hour!!! Ridiculous it's now about 11 pm and I'm still here...
3	I'm trying to keep in mind this is one of the oldest hotels in Vegas. That being said, I'm just not impressed with our room, the actual hotel. The pool is by the nicest spot in the hotel. Bring your money! This is just as pricy as any where else in the strip
5	This was our first time in las Vegas and my friend and I decided to get rooms at Flamingo for the "Vegas " experience. Loved it here, the rooms are clean, nice view, staff super friendly. Oh, and the pool! It's massive!
1	Service was terrible, took 4 phone calls and a trip to the front desk to get towels. 2 out of 12 elevators were working. 0 out of 12 were working on the last day. Took stairs into a construction site with all our bags. Parking lot was full. Don't stay here.
3	Flamingo Las Vegas fits nicely into the overall scene on The Strip.  Of course it has been VEGAS forever and there are a lot of vintage photos in and around the hotel to remind you of its roots.     The accomodations are a-ok and what I expected.  5-star?  No.  4-star?  It begins to touch the basement of a 4-star.  My personal opinion is Flamingo is a satisfactory 3 to 3.5-star stay.  The pool is just adequate.  The casino is large and has some "Whale Areas" for the high-rollers.  I didn't view Flamingo as a true Vegas-style nightlife stop as is Caesars or Bellagio or Arias and the likes.     Flamingo gets it done with common fanfare, good food and buffet offerings.  The room are basic in my range of stays.  I wish it has a 24-hour food shop in which to quench the thirst or grab a snack or something hot.    Location?  It's perfect.  You can stay for less at the Flamingo - not be disappointed - and have access to all that is diamonds, gold, platinum and the likes to your north, south,east and west.
2	I'm never staying here again! Horrible! Rooms smell, not enough elevators for the amount of people staying here.Old, dirty, just not the type of Vegas I'm used to! Some times saving money isn't worth it!
1	My boyfriend and I just stayed here, I paid for a "remodeled" fab deluxe room and there was nothing fab about it. The bathroom wasn't remodeled, there was mildew in the tub and the shower was luke-warm at best. The carpet in the hallways was stained and rippled. The electricity was out for several hours and we had to walk down 24 flights of stairs to get out of the hotel with constant fire alarms ringing. There was room service trash sitting in the hallway for two days. At the pool we waited an hour and a half before they would let us in the pool (because of the power outage), and we couldn't get any service for food, despite asking someone several times for a food menu. We also gambled for several hours at the electronic craps table without any drink service. When we checked out, I requested to speak to a manager, who didn't even bother to come and apologize for the terrible experience, but instead just offered a credit of the resort fees, which doesn't even come close to comping the terrible experience we had. Next time we will spend more money to stay at a hotel that actually cares about their guests' experiences because it's clear that at the Flamingo the customer does not come first.
1	Awful, will never spend a dime here ever again. Horrible customer service.
2	Let me start this off by saying, we loved the Flamingo and now we hate the Flamingo. We, my husband and I, have been going to the Flamingo a couple times each year since spending our honeymoon there. I'd say we've stayed at the Flamingo a total of 10 times in both the GO Room and in their Fab rooms. We loved the rooms, the staff, the cleaniness, the casino. We even overlooked the elevators and the hallways which we knew would eventually be renovated (by the way, they haven't touched the elevators or the hallways in the last 6 years and they looked crappy and smelled even back then). Our last trip has changed us forever. Since our last visit, The Linq and the great big wheel of death (aka The High Roller) has opened. You'd think this wouldn't affect the parking situation or the employees of the Flamingo. WRONG! We drove about 6 hours to get to the Flamingo, when we arrived it was late - about midnight. We drove up, like we always had, to valet our car - so it would be easier to get our luggage upstairs and to the lobby. Nope. Valet was jammed full and ONLY open to Seven Star platinum and up members. This is new. So, plan #2 was to park in the parking structure next to the hotel. We've done this before and the walk isn't bad. Too bad there's no parking spaces! Valet took about 1/2 the structure (and 1/2 of those spaces were empty so who knows WTF valet was doing with a full valet area in front of the lobby!) and there's about an entire floor dedicated to rental cars (again, only about 1/2 full). So, driving up and down the parking structure - twice! We gave up and decided to check out where the overflow parking was. In the back FAR, FAR, FAR away from the hotel and practically full! I don't know WTF they were thinking when they built The Linq and The High Roller but they obviously didn't think about people wanting to visit the thing and how it was going to impact paying customers of their hotel. Furious at this point, I just had my husband drop me off at the valet area with all of our luggage so he could park 2 miles away. I went inside the valet drop-off area and found that the escalator going up was out. Got into the elevator. Broke. Tried to ask a valet person on how to get upstairs without taking the actual stairs (my back was sore and I could no way carry my luggage up myself), the 1st and 2nd valet person ignored me. The 3rd valet person finally told me to go to the other entrance and waved his hand in some direction. I went back outside and guessed my way to the other entrance, which was to the right. At this point I'm not only furious but on the edge of tears. Oh, and it's about 2am by now. So with my back aching now, I walk over to the other entrance IN THE STREET BECAUSE THERE IS NO SIDEWALK with cabs honking at me while they're trying to get to this other entrance also, I go inside and guess what? The escalator going up is broke. I find the elevator, which is a winding walk in corridors and doesn't feel like it's for public access. When I finally get to the lobby, my husband shows up and he's now furious because of all the crap I've had to go through to just get to this point - which I'm in a line to get my keys because I had already checked into the room online. When I'm finally at the check-in desk the employee asks about my night - I unleash my story. She's not very sympathetic (which tells me alot of other hotel guests have gone through this same thing which makes it an issue that NO ONE is dealing with!!!!!), offers me a $30 food & beverage credit which I take just so I can get my key and go to my room. No upgrade. No apology. Nothing other than a F&B credit. So, we get to our room and it just doesn't feel clean. We try to call about changing rooms but we couldn't even get the front desk. The Flamingo had us beat. The final kicker came when we got the bill at check-out. Their resort fee covers only 1 device on wifi. Both my husband and I agreed to the T&Cs on our phones to use their wifi. It was faster than our cell service. Sure, you can say this was our mistake but I feel their policy for only 1 device is unbelievable!During our stay, we decided that the Flamingo had let us down and we were never staying there again. I'm not even sure if we'd stay at another Harrah's property again. We were previous MGM properties people and changed over to Harrah's properties back when they didn't have resort fees. Now that all Harrah's hotels have resort fees, not to mention some of the highest on the strip, and due to the service we received during our last visit, we are gladly returning to being MGM property people. Good bye Flamingo! Way to let us down!
1	We decided to try our old haunt, the Flamingo, after switching over to MGM Resorts for the last 4 years, thinking it couldnt be THAT bad.  Wrong. We got comped 3 nights and low rates fri/sat (MGM wasnt so accomodating, the reason for the switch)So FIRST update is there is the new annoying resort fee, despite their advertising rhetoric the last several years about 'no resort fee'.  Its $23/day (incl tax).  Supposed to cover internet - BUT ONLY ONE DEVICE PER ROOM.  (@!%#@!!) Really?  You're supposed to be hip yet dont realize that 2 people are gonna have at least 3 devices?After waiting in line to check in for 45 minutes at 11pm on a Weds night, we're informed we couldve gone to the secret unmarked line since we were casino guests.  Pardon me, no sign, say what?  The front desk person was polite, quick professional, but we got stuck in the veritable dungeon - room 5106, which faces a stucco facade with service ladders, piping, and loads of flotsam/trash for our viewing pleasure. It was FABULOUS.  It was so dark we had to turn on the lights in the middle of the day.  "well I guess this is how they treat casino guests, they really arent interested in real gamblers anymore" was my thought.Now we have been coming to the Flamingo since it was a Hilton back in the 90's.  We always liked the new pool (yes, I remember the old rectangular pool); Flamingo has made the big pool an adults only pool now (YAY), but they have crowded out a great deal of space for highprice cabanas, day beds and rental lounge chairs.  Leaving far too few chairs where the saving of chairs is an art form, with whole slews of them appearing occupied having been 'saved' by someone draping pool towels over them.  I LIKE the music and live DJ, but cmon, lets send someone around to pick up the trash, the pool was a disaster of empty buckets, beer cans and plastic cups near the end of the day.Food - well theres a food court, quite overpriced, so I skipped it.  We learned a long time ago to avoid the Paradise buffet - it continues to set new lows for scary food.  We actually have enjoyed the coffee shop over the years - used to be called Lindys and now the Tropical Breeze, they have decent breakfasts and lunches (watch out for the overpriced drinks tho, just drink water).  I miss the old Flamingo Room!Now lets talk about gaming.  Craps, theres little they can jigger with here - 3x4x5x odds, and a fun side bet called the fire bet.  Well dealt, but I got my butt handed to me this trip.Blackjack - theres not much here.  A few tables, but most were the 6/5 21 (an abomination of 3/2 blackjack).  It was hard to spot where at the table this is announced, sometimes on the felt, sometimes on a cardboard tent, etc.  The blackjack game I did find was out of 8deck shoe, had surrender (yay), DOA, DAS.  Not bad, once I found it.Video Poker - Jacks or better sank to new lows - the entire property was 7/5.  Now for the uninitated, thats the payoff on Fullhouse/Flush hands.  The nice thing about video poker is that regulations state that machines mimicking a card game must be truly random 52 card deck.  They wont risk their license rigging this.  So the only thing they can jigger is the paytable.  9/6 JoB is close to an even money game, and is much sought after.  Gradually, casinos have rigged these to 8/6, then 8/5 (which I consider to be my very bottom) and now must Harrahs properties are 7/5 (Caesars, Linq, Harrahs, Flamingo, Cromwells, etc).  If the are stooping this low on machines where they have to honestly announce the payout, just imagine how bad the 'unannounced' slot machines are.Like many strip casinos, roulette is the hideous Americaon 'double 0' wheel, with terrible house advantage, unlike the european wheel with a single 0 and 'en prison'.So we get a '1 star' on the casino rating;  I wont be back here to play.And another HUGE irritating change - PARKING.  OMG.  Flamingo has now dedicated almost half of its garage to valet parking.  ANOTHER third is now reserved for the Hilton Grand Vacations next door, which I assume must've lost its garage to make room for the new LINQ breezeway and the High Roller.  So now you're pretty much relegated to parking in the back lot - and this is a VERY long walk, it makes the walk from the MGM garage to that hotel seem short in comparison.I will be delighted to see the Flamingo come back to its former glory - until i see the reviews perk up and the negative twitters fall, we wont be back.
3	The Flamingo was mediocre at best. When my friends and I arrived for our GNO trip, check in was a breeze. We headed up to our non smoking room and neither of our key cards were working. Some of us stayed back in the hallway, as the others went down to get help. There were many young guys and dolls popping in and out of their rooms, offer I us beer and a good time. Luckily, our friends returned not only with working keys, but with working keys to a strip view room closer to the elevator. The only downfall was that it would be in the smoking section. So, we headed over to our room, and opened our door to a decent sized room with a TINY bathroom. They need to remodel the bathrooms because they are total shit. Leaky faucets in a tiny space that remind me of a motel. We tried to upgrade, but everything was sold out. It was a crazy packed weekend. You couldn't smell the smoke from the hallway inside of the room which was a blessing, and the air conditioning was great. Room service was so fast and efficient, we didn't expect our room to be cleaned upon our return.At least the curtains were pretty. They made for a nice backdrop for pictures, and were fun to pull open to reveal the view. This hotel seemed to be targeted at female visitors, as much of the decor was pink.The pool at the Flamingo was probably the best part of our stay. It was clean, there were plenty of towels, and the people were nice. There are real live flamingos and other birds on the grounds en route to the pool. The slide was so much fun. You can relive your earliest days as a child when you slide down the water slide with a bunch of friends.There weren't any clubs we wanted to go to at the Flamingo, but we had no fear: the Flamingo is in a prime location, at about the middle of the strip. Check out and valet took a little while, as everyone seemed to be leaving at the same time.All in all, a good hotel for a group trip-the kind of group trip where you are hardly on your room save for sleeping;)!
4	I had a great time at the Flamingo. My Go Room rocked. I had a great strip view that even had a view of the bellagio fountain show.  The staff was super helpful, even though the lines to check in were ridiculously long. Also, I left my charger in my room and they mailed it back to me overnight. Thanks Flamingo!
3	The Rewards program is a must! No waiting in line for check in! You also get great discounts!They first room they put me in was a non-smoking Fan Luxury room on the 25th floor and it reeked of smoke. I went to the desk to have my room changed. The desk guy called a manager and I was given a little bit of an upgrade to an executive Fab luxury room on the 28th floor. We now had couch and refrigerator :) The room was very clean and spacious. The bath needs an update but had nice big fluffy bath towels! Wood laminate floor in the main room (much better than carpet).The hallway definitely needed new carpet! It rained when were their and the ceilings in the hallway were leaking water. They had garbage cans throughout the hallway catching water. Thank goodness our room stayed dry.Being on the 28th floor, the view was to die for! We could see both the Bellagio fountain and the Mirage volcano from the room! The pool was awesome! We went to both the Go pool and the family pool. Make sure you get there early to get a good spot! People tend to put their towels on chairs to save their spots and leave. They don't have the biggest casino but it was nice. They had nice shops and places to eat. Being center of the strip was amazing! Close to everything!
2	After our recent stay at the Flamingo, I have to delete a few stars due to the new Drais outdoor nightclub.  We stay for extended periods during our Vegas trips, so we do TRY to sleep.  The constant base beats til 5 a.m. proved to be a little much.  As Diamond members we are given rooms with beautiful views.  But the trade off for the views is too irritating!  So if we chose the Flamingo again we will now have to look at the backside of the Flamingo instead of the views we have spent the money to be comped.  We still love the people and the rooms, but will be moving on to another property!  Not great planning there Cromwell!
2	My girlfriend and I stayed here over the 4th of July weekend. We had comped rooms which was nice but after checking in I completely understood why. The first issue we came to was parking... There was no valet parking unless you were diamond+ and their close parking lot was full. This was a major bummer as it was about 114 outside and not a pleasant walk from about 5 blocks away where we finally found street parking.The hotel room was decent - It was a standard room with one king bed. They had replaced the flooring with a faux wood floor that was some kind of tile. That gave it a clean look. Negative points for no coffee maker or refrigerator.The halls in the hotel really needed to be updated. The wallpaper was peeling in places and the carpets were in terrible shape. I guess it didn't matter too much as we just walked these to the elevators and down to get right on the strip or play in the casino.The elevators.... Ahhhh! I feel like I almost got stuck in one as it was heading down and took a big lurch mid floors and then started heading up?? As soon as it opened I got the hell off as I didn't want to spend all day trapped in an elevator... Or worse??The reason for 2 stars... The casino floor. The flamingo seemed like a great off strip casino floor.. Slightly dated tables but really friendly local dealers and low minimums. The flamingo is actually right at the heart of the strip so this was refreshing and I did quite a bit of gambling here. Overall - If you're looking for a budget hotel but want to be in the heart of the strip - The flamingo is the place to be. How much time are you really going to be spending in your room anyways?? :)
5	I love the pool at the Flamingo.  It's never over crowded and a relaxing atmosphere.   I've stayed here several times and always enjoyed it.  They have great rates and the tram is located right behind it.
5	Shajuan is the best server here. He's really cool. Hooked us up with free shots. I would highly recommend this place. They have great service!
1	3 hours at the tables and I got 1 drink. . 1 Damn drink over 3 hours. Hostess had bad attitude too. You bring me drinky I tip well. 1 weak ass drink does not deserve my 3 hours of play. Mgm properties way better. I normally stay at Ceasars properties. I think I am done with them.
4	I got a nice deal at this place. I stayed for 3 nights at this place. They have nice outdoor pool area. Only problem is the waiting in the line for hours to checkin.  I know it's very old hotel in LV. But definitely worth what you're paying for this hotel. Busy place.
2	Was disappointed pretty dirty and outdated bathrooms.  Housekeeping did very minimal when they came basically just replaced towels and called it good.  Then majority of the time they had ONE elevator working that was it ONE!!!! So you wait forever for it to go up and come back!  Also saw a couple breaking into cars in their parking garage no idea how long they were doing it but I got ahold of security immediately and hopefully they caught them (this isn't flamingo's fault) but a warning to keep valuables out of your car no matter where you stay.  Will not stay again here.
2	Flamingo was my favorite with GO delux rooms, but my goodness their customer service is so terrible I would never go there again! There is a manager by the mane Ron or starts with the letter R, maybe Ramon. Total jerk! You do not believe me please go ahead
3	Although it's a nice hotel.nice rooms.decent people.nice service..what sucked was the no phone service .I had no service at all..it suck ed they charged for wifi..wtf..also what sacked was the pool was 21 and over..really..I had my kids and they couldn't go in..thanks for the dissappiontment.next time I go to Vegas I'll try another hotel..mediocre hotel..
1	Me and my husband came here on Saturday to shoot a wedding that was happening at the chapel.  I don't even know where to start, I'm so appalled by this place.  You can't even find the entrance for parking to this place it's so ridiculous, and when you do, if you go to valet, you wait forever, forever like, I applied my powder, bronzer, a little more powder, eyebrows AND eyelashes on in the time it took, and we still sat a bit after I was done.  Upon entering the place it was refreshing to see the cute new interior that included pink striped wall paper.  We made our way up to the lobby, and found our way to the bank of elevators where there were 10-15 people waiting, there were at least 10 elevators so it surprised me that people were waiting.  One of the elevators was out of order, I'm assuming, as it had a wet floor sign in front of it and the door was opened.  When we FINALLY were able to catch an elevator we realized that there was no sensor in the doors that opened it automatically when someone stuck their hand between the doors, that's fuckin dangerous, say I didn't know that and I tried to catch the elevator by slipping in and it totally closed on me and my pregnant ass! When inside the elevator it MOVES a few inches when the doors open to floors, it'll drop a couple of inches.  Since the elevators take so damn long so many people will pile in uncomfortably and people use their survivor tactics to catch an elevator and get off.  We only had to go to the 5th floor which was great, but guess what, if you don't push the button before you get there, you have to go with everyone all the way up to their floor and then all the way down picking people up until you get to the 5th floor, fuckin ridiculous.  When we got to the 5th floor we got out and looked down at the carpet and it's all lifted up and wrinkled, it's dangerous, someone could trip and fall.  The room wasn't too bad, it was a cute little suite with a very clean bed with white sheets and a comforter, the couches were cute but didn't seem to match the theme of the hotel, as they were striped red, gold, and black.  The carpet in the room, however was't wrinkled like the hallways, which was nice.  After getting ready, waiting for an elevator, and making our way through the hotel and outside to the chapel we quickly realized where much of their money was going, and that was to their beautiful chapel.  Everything about their chapel was gorgeous! Everything around their chapel smelled like bird poop and stagnant water. Also, did I mention I took the stairs from the 5th floor? As we were running out of light to photograph the wedding party, I led the charge to take the stairs since the elevators were taking so long.  Their stairwell was disgusting, if they aren't going to put money into fixing their elevators or making them more efficient then they should probably use that money for the stairwell and create a stairwell that leads directly to the lobby, because the one we took lead to a door outside of the hotel into the street.  At some point going down an employee opened one of the doors and told us we were at the 3rd story, and that we couldn't go into that door because it was an employee door, or something like that, so we went all the way down to the street.Don't come here, stick to one of the bigger hotels on the strip, there are much safer, nicer hotels  who you can find much more easily and who also charge the same rates.
5	I stayed here with my boyfriend a few months back, and we had the BEST experience here. Check-In was a breeze. We got a complimentary upgrade to a Go Room with a Strip View, and thanks to diligent watching of online sales, got the room for next to nothing. We were conveniently located by the elevators behind the front desk, we had a beautiful center view of the strip, and all the luxuries of a suite. Fridge, surround sound, automatic curtains, led lighting, sound system, newly renovated shower, tv in the mirror,etc. The flamingo is in the perfect location - right in the center of the strip. I can't wait to go back again!
4	I stayed here this past weekend. My girlfriend wanted to stay here because of all the pink everywhere and the flamingos. I was skeptical but thought we would give it a try. How much time do you really spend in the room though in vegas? Upon arrival the hotel was nice, it does have an older feel to it especially compares to the cosmopolitan or Caesars right across the street. But it didn't look dirty or run down. The checkin line was a little slow, there was only 3 people checking in. We did try to check in at 9am though which may have been why. The lady at the front desk told us there were no rooms available but to try and come back at noon because the early check in fee is only $30 from 12-4. The actual check in process was pretty quick. I think the daily fee was $22 a day. Which included 2 people to use the weight room a day, a $20/day room credit that can be used at the hotel bars or restaurants which was nice and we used it everyday.We booked the standard room with a king size bed. The room was pretty nice. Dark wood floors. Flat screen tv. Bright pink curtains. The bathroom was not comparable at all. It was old looking and def needed an updating. Our view was of the pool and the back end of the hotel. Not a terrible view but it wasn't the strip view. The bed was pretty comfortable. There's no comforter just sheets with a thin blanket and a pink furry piece of fabric which was probably for decoration. The ac kept the room cool and comfortable. There are small glass cups in the room which hold almost no liquid. What I did was get water cups by the pool which are in clear solo cups and just brought those back to the room. We heard that the pool was one of the best free pools on the strip. If you plan on getting a lounge chair you need to get there at 8am when they open. People line up before 8 and the chairs go pretty fast. We brought our own towels but they do supply you with pool towels. The drinks are expensive but what do you expect? A bucket of 5 beers is $35. They also have specialty pink refillable cups that you can get frozen or mixed drinks in. I forget exactly the price but I think they were $26 and the refills $19 but I may be wrong. Your not allowed to bring in your own alcohol but they really didn't search the specialty cups so try if you like. The dj went on around noon which is also when it started to get a decent sized crowd. The dj played a mix of music so it was nice not to hear just one genre. Over the pool was pretty awesome as long as you can get over the prices for drinks. The palm trees, rock grotto and waterfall were very nice to be around. Check out is absolutely terrible. 11am is a norm time but the elevators to go down suck. I don't just mean over crowded but over crowded to the point where you have to wait a long time just to get space. We ended up taking a elevator up to the  the top floor and riding that down to the first floor only after it stopped at every floor which was packed with people trying to get down. The stairs are an option but once you hit the first floor you have to do some employee hallway maneuvering to actually get out to the lobby.  Taxi stands go by pretty quick. There's also a shuttle that goes to the airport not sure what the price is. Also if you don't want to walk down the strip  use the hotel taxi stands to get a cab. They won't pick you up on the strip curb. Not are they allowed to have more than 5 passengers. And the drivers won't break that rule. We tried several times since we are from chicago and they let you jam 10 people in a 5 person car. They apparantly can lose their license if they have 1 too man people. Overall the hotel is nice and location is great. Hope this helps anyone.
1	If you want to spend your money, half your time and your vacation having a panic attack every time you get on an elevator than this is the place for you!There are no words to describe the experience of the elevators at the Flamingo because if you read this you'll think how bad could it be...unfortunately you'd have to have been a guest there to truly understand.Valet and Elevators are not capable of the capacity which the hotel warrants.  After a 6.5 hour drive from LA do to accidents the Valet was blocked off and Employee had a sucks to be you attitude, not very helpful with parking alternatives.  Finally after asking he directed us to a difficult to find lot A &B where when we finally found a spot we were accosted by who I think was an employee telling us we could not park there because it was employee parking.  30 minutes later we finally found a spot in self parking. And waiting another 15 minutes to just get keys to our room as part of our party was already checked in.Overall staff was not friendly, unapologetic and seemed bothered or slow.I have stayed at other Vegas hotels in this price range and have never experienced such issues.
2	No long stories....-didn't get non-smoking room as requested-room DEFINITELY did not look as advertised on-line-linens with holes-shower curtain (yes, I said curtain) stained-elevators were not working-people were stuck on elevator; needed to be rescuedPositive was front desk service polite and manager gracious enough to refund cost. We moved to Mandalay after an hour of deciding whether to stay or not.
1	Both nights I stayed here I was woken up in the morning by extremely loud construction noise. I could not even nap in the afternoon due to this. I told the front desk and all they offered was to switch my room. I switched and was still woken up by the sound of jack hammering at 9:30am. The staff either acted as if they couldn't believe it was that loud or like "well it happens." Their website or the staff did not feel it important to inform their guests of the construction at any time until there was a complaint. In my opinion this is terrible business practice. Their guests take time and money out to stay at this hotel and depending on your luck you get stuck under construction with no explanation. The hotel did not offer me anything, a room comp, a room upgrade, not even a meal comp. I feel sorry for the people staying here for the upcoming convention who probably are paying double what I did. Should I mention I was left w/o a bath mat and Do Not Disturb sign in both rooms. Terrible stay.
3	The Flamingo: it's a fine place to crash. I stayed here in August on my first trip to Vegas, and I'd stay again. Here's the good, the bad, and the ugly.THE GOOD: Great location (middle of the Strip across from Caesar's), excellent pools. The GO Pool, the one for adults, is everything you'd want a fun party pool to be, and they have nice thick towels that are unusually luxe for pool towel service. The rooms are cute enough, distinctive in style-- they don't look like a Motel 6. The room and bathroom were clean, and I liked that the duvet cover was washable and gave the impression of being very clean. I loathe hotel bedspreads, so that was a plus. I was on the fourth floor and my room was very quiet over both nights, EXCEPT for the moment when a man ran around the floor at 3 AM screaming like he was being chased by demons. That woke me up. But what do you want? It's Vegas.THE BAD: Ants in my room-- seriously. C'mon, guys. I was flicking them off everything I left on the table. The shower was almost unusable. It came at one pressure setting-- "wake up a blackout drunk"-- and the shower curtain was very, very friendly with me. I eventually put it outside the tub for a couple minutes, and in that time the firehose pressure of the showerhead practically turned the bathroom floor into Lake Mead. This is a desert, guys-- ever heard of low-flow?THE UGLY: No outlets anywhere near the bed. This is 2014. We all lie in bed and play with our phones before we fall asleep, and wake up to alarms we set on them. If you don't have an outlet within reach of the bed, your hotel is stuck in the 1990s. Period.Side notes about management: very long line for check-in even at almost midnight. Staff is friendly, however. Didn't encounter one staffer who wasn't a pleasure to speak with. If you want classy or luxurious, stay at the Wynn or Bellagio. If you have money and want fun, stay at Caesar's. But if you're mainly looking for a decent place to crash once your three-foot-long daiquiri cup runs dry, the Flamingo will do ya.
4	Stayed in the go room and really enjoyed it . PROS: - Room had a mini fridge, two counters on the sides of the bed, window curtains that opened with a switch, Bose speakers with stereo, flat screen tv, tv in the bathroom, nice shower and seperate bath tub, and a couch next to the window.- updated look - in the middle of the strip so easy to get to a lot of places- had a view of the pool and linq - GO pool was really nice -had great customer service at the front desk when adding another night CONS:-Most of the elevators our first two nights were not working so took a really long time to get up and down-check-in/out line was really long at all times of the day which made it difficult if you had any problems -buffet was very disappointing . Went for lunch and all they basically had was some Chinese, fried chicken , shrimp,  beef , sandwiches, not so good salad bar , and desserts. Just wondering were the Mexican or pizza or orange chicken was haha. Overall a very good experience with the room and customer service. Restraunts in flamingo and check in not so good.
4	You can get to the parking on Flamingo drive or the main strip. Just remember there are a lot of people walking so it could take a second if you pull in that way. Free self parking 3rd floor and up.  I did not have any trouble with Valet parking it is in the back by the pool. Check in was not so bad. We came early and there was a line. Had friends drive up later that checked in at 4:15pm and they said they had no wait. The staff was really friendly. We got a free upgrade to the go deluxe with a view strip plus not early check in fee, SCORE! It was amazing, the room had a coffee maker and mini frig. I remember when the coffee was standard in a room. I saw the "gym" on the way and decided not to use since it was basically a shop with some equipment in the back. The adult pool was looked amazing. I don't smoke so I found that most of the casinos, not just the flamingo to be very Smokey for me, but I do live in Az where you can't even smoke next to the door outside. My guy smokes and he found it less smokey than most of the casinos in Az. My friends brought there kid. It is Vegas, so not much for them to do but walk around and take in the sights. Its mainly what I did, and I enjoyed it. :) The only thing I didn't like was the promoters in the casino pushing for there place so hard. It was a little annoying to get stopped so many times by the same person. Only reason for a start down. But the promoters are everywhere, waiting to strike.
1	We reserved a luxury strip-view room, and a couple days later i called to make sure we can get a smoking room becuz we r smokers. They said they reserved us a smoking room. Then after waiting in a 45-minute line (on a sunday, no less) to finally check in, they said we didn't reserve a smoking room and no smoking rooms are available. I said "so u guys can't guarantee smoking or non smoking rooms?" And she said no, we cant. Sooooo now we r stuck with a room we don't want. I suggest u don't stay here when in vegas cuz they can't guarantee if u have have a smoking or nonsmoking room!! How horrible is that? What if u have kids and r stuck in a room that smells like smoke? Just bad bad bad. Very disappointed.
1	Booked room do to price and location. I would've paid more to stay at another place.I had to deal with a malfunctioning elevator, lack of hot water, cleaning service that didn't come in time, rooms not looking as good as advertised, and after talking to customer service they didn't bother to help. Would not go back.
1	The hotel was so cute for a bachelorette party! However, around 6pm Sunday night our toilet overflowed and did not stop for about 10 minutes leaving our bathroom completely flooded. Disgusting right? Not as disgusting as it was when we returned to our room at 3am to find nothing had been cleaned. We called the front desk at 6pm, we called again at 3am, and finally the bathroom was cleaned up around 4am. The hotel would only return a petty $44 resort fee, rather than refund the night and gave me the go-around with the third party booker (lasvegas.com). I couldn't find a way to directly reach the manager by email, so why not let them know in the open how terrible the customer service was. A flooded, probably e-coli infested bathroom for not 1 or 2, but 10 HOURS (!!!!) is insane, and they should have immediately insisted on refunding the night. Not to mention no one could use the bathroom before or after our night out.
4	We stayed in GO deluxe room for 2 nights on August 2014. This is the second time we stayed at the Flamingo hotel; the first was in the Fab deluxe room. First, I want to say that we got a room upgrade from GO deluxe room with king bed (high roller view) into GO mini suite out of nowhere.At the first glance, the rooms (bedroom and living room) are clean. Decor was quite pink, so if you do not like pink, you should stay away from GO deluxe room at Flamingo. Bed was quite stylish and comfortable. Bathrooms (2 of them in the mini suite) are very clean. We did not have trouble adjusting the water temperature.We were very pleased of the view we got. From our room, we can see the flamingo habitat as well as the high roller. At night, the high roller view was breathtaking (at least the first couple times you see it). Two things that prevent me from giving it a five-star:1. We had trouble finding electrical outlet to charge our laptop and cell phones. I was finally able to find the outlet somewhere hidden beneath the table. Unfortunately, this lead me to discover a bigger disappointment (point #2)2. The carpet at the bottom of that table was so sticky. Somebody must have spilled some drinks there and the custodian failed to notice it. Although the sticky carpet was a huge disappointment, we had a lot of fun in the room watching the high roller from our living room. Since the sticky carpet is kinda in a hidden place (I would've not encountered it if it was not because I was trying to find the electrical outlet), we did not even remember that it was there.On the positive side, GO deluxe (room or the minisuite) has refrigerator, which allow us to buy beverages outside the hotel and chill them there. This was a huge plus for us since most hotel rooms do not include refrigerator. Also, Flamingo is located right at the middle of the Vegas strip. This is another huge plus for us.Overall, it was a great experience, and I would not mind staying at Flamingo again the next time we visit Vegas.
3	I've stayed at the Flamingo many times due to it being right in the center of the Strip. This is a bit of an old hotel but they have been trying to clean up by remodeling all of their rooms. I prefer the GO room which is contemporary with a splash of some retro style. How long are you going to stay in your hotel anyhow when being in Vegas!?! Now that they have started charging the resort fee at all of the Caesar hotels I may think twice now of staying at one.One great thing I love about this hotel is that when you walk out of the hotel you don't need to walk a mile to get onto the Strip. The Caesar's is directly across of the Flamingo which is a great plus since we usually go to Club Pure and the many eateries there.The Flamingo has a great 21 and over pool with live entertainment on many weekends. This is nice when you don't want a bunch of kids running around and splashing water everywhere. If I am leaving my kids at home I sure don't want to be bothered by other people's kids.I hope that they remodel the entire hotel and provide better eating/entertainment options at the Flamingo if they want to stay competitive to the other hotels in Vegas.
4	I like to Gamble here.  Wish they had more wheel of fortune slots.  Parking garage is always full.  Rooms are basic however the Go rooms are nice and modern.
5	We come here every year and love the party atomsphere the young the old just a great time had by all :)))
4	This is my first time staying at the Flamingo and I like it for the most part.  The room is really nice.  We booked the basic king but then upgraded to the next level of king room (higher floor, view, updated room) for $20 and I think it was definitely worth it.  Pillow top bed, nice comforter (not those old fashioned quilts), updated bathroom with a huge shower and great view.  The staff is also friendly.  The front desk agent was pretty nice as was the Total Rewards agent.  Everyone you pass in the hall always says hello and smiles, which is nice to see.  The food at the pool is surprisingly good and the drinks aren't weak.  The pool is crowded as others have said but you can find chairs if you search around or if you go to the smaller pool above the Go Pool.   The waterfalls in the Go Pool are awesome and so much fun.  The only real cons are: Buffet is terrible, service at buffet isn't great, and they only include one device for internet per day with the resort fee.  If you want others on wifi, you have to pay $14-30 a day/device.  This seems astronomical and kind of defeats the purpose of an inexpensive room.  It's not a huge deal but also the AT&T reception in the room is bad so if you need to rely on cell reception to be online you might not like the wifi policy here.  That said, the room is super quiet and kind of like a cocoon so if you are looking to have a nice room to relax in, get some sun, and be close to other things on the strip, this is a good place (and the birds/flamingos are cute!).
3	Stayed here over Labor Day Weekend in a Fab Deluxe room. Overall a good place to crash. The rooms were clean. It seemed that they did some remodeling but didn't go all the way with it. All the bathroom fixtures seemed like they were original. Dated tiling in the bathroom but it did have an updated large granite counter top. The room itself had some kind of hard wood flooring, I liked it because carpets tend to stain and who knows what gets trapped in the fibers. The first night we got stuck in room 10150, everything about the room was great, except the music coming from the Linq walkway. There was loud music blasting all night and day. The worst part of this was that I could hear two different songs at the same time, from the bars in the walkway. This was intolerable and we got moved to another room, facing the opposite side, into the Flamingo courtyard. Overall I would stay here again because of the convenient location and sufficient rooms.
2	The Flamingo is home to some of the best shows in all of Las Vegas. I love their intimate show room, and they are in a GREAT location on the strip. However, the hotel itself was disappointing. The room was in serious need of repairs, I had a giant hole in the ceilings of the shower and absolutely no hot water or water pressure. I told management about the issues but they were dismissive. Internet is also not included in the resort fees, it's a additional $24 per day per device. To me that wouldn't be a big deal as my phone has it's own hot spot but somehow I think the hotel has a way to block the connection as it didn't work at all. Lastly, I reported a case of theft to management. Management said they would have security come to my room to file a report, nobody ever came.
4	Stayed here 5 years ago, and liked it although could use some upgrades. Stayed recently and rooms are upgraded, look a lot nice.  Would be nice if they upgraded to carpet in the hallway as well.  Casino area not the best, seen better games elsewhere.  Best location on the strip (right in the middle).
4	Very nice room, decent restroom, good staff. Great pool with good music. Room was on the 14th floor only complaint was that the ice maker didn't work. Other then that the stay was great.
5	This is our favorite casino. An excellent location with friendly dealers, and good payouts. Lots of fun happening everywhere like dancing girls on platforms. Masseuses roam and massage your shoulders while you play. The rooms are very nice too. The buffet is decent. Some older decor but they put the value in the room, employees, and casino.
2	It's a landmark. One of the originals of sin city. Otherwise there are many places better. But, cool to see.
4	We stayed here for our trip to Las Vegas. The people were nice and very sincere. I wouldn't change this hotel for anything. The pool there is to die for. Just think. An all adult pool with stipper pools and cabanas? Who wouldn't like that with free cocktails!
1	If I could rate this hotel 0 stars I would. I do not feel safe here security and evacuation procedures are not in place. On Monday September 8th around 4:15 on the 28th floor the fire alarm went off. After trying to call the front desk (got put on hold) we got dressed and left our room about 5 minuets later and ran into a frantic woman in the hallway with no idea what to do. We proceeded to head down the stairs (which were not labeled well very small exit sign. There was no alarm in the stair well, no signage for emergency procedure and no way to know what was going on. No security in the stair well, nothing. Once we got down to the 2nd floor we hit a dead end there was a locked door and one that led to a roof again not very much signage, yellow arrows on the ground not very visible with the 2in of rain flooding the roof. After much confusion we reached another stair well and got outside. We got downstairs and the first 3 hotel employees we spoke with had no idea there was an alarm going off. This includes a hotel manager. She offered to change our rooms gave us $50 to spend at the hotel and passed us off to another front desks assistant Melinda who was very nice and undertaking. After continuing to voice our concern, worry and still shaking she informed us that it was a false alarm (which we would have known if there were alarms and speakers in the stairs). We asked to speak to a manager again because the first woman had gone home. This is when things took a turn for the worse. Ryan Ramsey came our flat faced and dry nodding quietly to my friends concerns only escalating our frustration. He interrupted her, told her we weren't getting an upgrade and said he didn't know what else to do, it wasn't his fault there weren't enough security guards. We were trying to voice our concern about security procedures and he made us feel stupid. He didn't smile apologize or even try to de escalate the situation he gladly handed over his "managers" business card and seemed glad to pass the burden along. All we were trying to do is show our perspective in the faults in security and emergency procedures at the hotel and he didn't seem to care. The bell hop and house keeping manager we dealt with were very nice and understanding. Obviously this hotel is not equipped for any sort of emergency situation I no longer feel safe staying here and after multiple calls and attempts at voicing our concerns yelp is the only place we can be heard.
1	TOP FLOOR ROOMS NOT SAFE DURING HEAVY RAIN!  Rude front desk that doesn't care about guest safety. We were staying on the 28th floor.  It was raining and there where some leaks in the hall.  All of the sudden the alarm goes off- we wait for a while- it is still going off.  We head into the hall to see if anyone can tell is what is going on.  We see a panicked woman visiting the US for Austrailia.  She is scared and so we headed down the fire escape.  About the 14th floor we couldn't hear the sirens so we exited the stairwell and we could still hear the alarm.  We didn't know if the elevators were safe.  The fire exit path was not marked as you headed out to the roof over the casino so we had to try several doors at each turn.  We finally get into the hotel and no one knows what we are talking about.  We are told to go to the front desk. At the front desk we hailed a manager.  Our Australian women was still shaking so I went and got her a chair from the Casino.  It was right at shift change so the first manager told us it was a false alarm and we would be moved.   She passed us off to Mildred.  She was nice.  We were downgraded rooms in the move so we asked for a manager.  Ryan Ramsey came up.  He offered to comp our night for tonight.  When we asked about the fire escape not being marked he just said "what do you want me to do?"  When we asked if it was the same kind of room and he said since we didn't pay for the upgrade we weren't entitled to any else.  We said we were very scared and upset he smirked and told us "I don't know what you want me to do..."  We asked why no one- even the front desk manager knew about the alarm as they could be checking people into unsafe rooms.  He said they had already stopped checking people into those rooms because of the leaks.   We asked why we had t been called with an offer to move- he said "we just don't do that"We asked to speak to his manager.  He said there was no one we could talk to.  That there was no one there higher up than him.  If we wanted to complain we had to email the vp of operations.  We questioned that there was no management level between him and her and he said no.  At this point now were are furious- he says something like "I comped you for tonight I don't know what you want me to do". He was INCREDIBLY condescending.  He also told us how frustrated he was because he just got here and he got this problem thrown at us.  We tried to ask him if he was frustrated how did he think we felt.  He didn't care.  We went upstairs and the bellman was not there because we hadn't gotten back from the front desk.  Honestly at this point we were a little scared and just wanted out of the room.  We called another bellman and shoved everything into bags as fast as we could.  We warned a few guests that the alarm had gone off and there where leaks in our rooms.I got a call from Raina who said Ryan had said that there was a problem.  I told her my problems and she did apologize. I have never been treated like this before.
5	Had a guys weekend trip and we shared a deluxe fab room with two queen beds. The room was nice and beds were soft. The view wasn't great but we were in the room about 15 hours over three nights so a view isn't required. Staff were nice. I recommend bringing an extension cord since its an older hotel their are no plugins accessible by the bed.
1	Just to be polite, there are so many choices in Las Vegas...choose something else!!!!
5	Go here every time we are in Vegas, clean and well kept, staff is always ontop of things, only thing missing is they could use a few better restaurants, beds are great
2	I have been staying at the Flamingo every year for the passed 8 years. Just got home from a long weekend this Sunday. The Go Room's are the best bet, but I have to say  I reserved a GO Room 1 king bed and we were placed in the wrong room at the time of checking in. I had to wait a night to switch rooms (not cool). The newer Go Rooms are looking dingy/not cleaned. The wallpaper is coming off the wall's. The coffee shop line in the morning is out of control 45 minute wait for a cup of Joe. The Pool is great if you can get a chair. You have to be down there at 8am and wait an hour for it to open. People hold chairs all morning/afternoon that are not even at the pool. No free internet for hotel guest. The gift shop prices are out of hand. Sad to say that was my last stay at the Flamingo
1	I was extremely disappointed with the quality of service from the check-in desk. Waited in line for over an hour to be told I could not check in yet.
2	Our room was dirty, smelled of smoke though it is supposedly nonsmoking, and smelled of urine.
1	**This is not a review for the hotel, but for the kiosk by Wyndham located near the flamingos**My fiance and I  came inside wanting to look around, and were accosted by men who basically pushed us toward a booth. We kept telling the guy we weren't interested, but I guess we should've been more rude, as the man behind the counter for Wyndham wouldn't shut up. Not only did he waste our time when we kept saying we wanted to leave (we didn't want to walk away mid-sentence) but then he also was EXTREMELY RUDE to us when I said we wouldn't be buying any extra tickets, timeshares, or anything else from him. Wyndham needs to change their staff, and when someone says No, they mean no. There's also no need to be rude to your customers--what if, on the offchance, we changed our minds and wanted to go back even though we said No the first time? Obviously, we wouldn't return to that counter, or deal with the man ever again. Bad customer service.
1	This will be short sweet and to the point I'm sorry I will stay at the best Western on the strip next time instead of the flamingo.  The waitress absolutely assholes when you ask to break money so you can tip them never seen someone bitching about free money.  Keep making tips acting like that.  And sec are you kidding me.  The rooms freaking suck what a waste of money and time here.  I went to the other hotels and was treated how I expected.  And I wasn't even staying there.  All I have to say is don't go here its absolutely horrible I'm not coming back ever.  I'll go stay somewhere else
1	I'm so disappointed!!!! I came with a person that was visiting USA and wanted to stay in one of the older casinos, but I was very disappointed. The bathroom were moldy and dirty. TV had bad reception,  and the whole 4th floor smelled like poop including our rooms!!!! I'm glad I only booked one night!!! And when I went to bell desk to rent a motorized wheelchair- lady asked me: "like the one for old people?" My reply was "yes like old people, can I have one of those?" It made me feel very bad since I'm only 27 and I hurt my back long ago and can't walk much at all - she had no right to implement it was made for old people only !!!! This made my trip very bad:(
2	This was my first time staying at the flamingo. I was nice enough to rate this hotel a two star only because the housekeeping staff was the best thing on this resort.Originally we we're staying at the Venetian (hands down the best high secured hotel on the strip) however, last minute bookings we missed out on a room big enough for 5 people. Fight weekend lots of hotels booked.Driving up you could already tell it is OLD. Walking in same feeling. Walking through to get to our building ( the habitat tower) I didn't expect anything but slots machines and gambling tables. Duh it's Vegas. The habitat tower has not been renovated! The carpets in the halls were stained and looked like that have never been changed. Our room a two queen bed room had out dated lamps (never been dusted) literally took my finger and wiped off dust from the bottom of the lamp. Our view was horrible overlooking the resorts mechanical things (not sure what's it called). The beds had no comforters just some ugly fur thing big enough to cover your feet. The bathroom was the worst. Shower curtain too long for the shower rail many times got wet! The toilet and vanity were so old that the paint on the vanity looked like someone was sanding it and forgot to repaint it.The restaurant that serves breakfast their staff were rude and not very nice. Maybe it was too early in the morning and who knows what ass hole pist them off before we got seated but other then food being very yummy and satisfying that's all I have to say about that.The pool gets crowded quickly! Great dj and fun atmosphere. Bartenders hook you up if you hook them up with a GREAT tip! Don't be cheap people. However, for my friends and I this past weekend was one that we will never forget. While in the pool we noticed a male turned over in the pool like if he was playing dead. After a few minutes some of the swimmers near him noticed he wasn't playing dead. He basically drowned and my friend had along with about 5 other guys help push him out of the water into the deck. Lifeguards and no clue what to do. Some other girl began to give him CPR. The man came back and began to have what seems to have been a seizure. I jumped in since I'm CPR/first aid certified to grab his tongue and no one would listen to me. He bit his tongue badly and bleed all over the pool deck. EMS finally got there after 15 minutes and I think his fine.All and all I know you don't go to Vegas to sleep however, when you are enjoying the resort it shouldn't feel like this. Just saying. And it's still expensive so don't do it.
1	Multiple trips to date for the hotel. Once last year and once this year. Visits left a variable unfavorable hotel and casino impression.Located in the center of the Las Vegas strip. One of the original casino and hotels. Mostly remodeled rooms with dark colored hardwood floors. Beds are decently maintained.First visit last year, we stayed during spring break. Management and counter staff were both uncoordinated to handle the volume of people in line. Wait time was about a good hour from back to front for the players line or just hotel guest line. At one point the management had pulled me to the side to try out the self check in only to say I had to go back into the line. Fortunately enough the person I was in front of let me back into the line.My room preference (king nonsmoking) was unavailable when I got to the check in after staying at another casino hotel the night before without having my nonsmoking preference available. Offered two queens nonsmoking we gladly accepted. Room was nicely furnished with pink fur, pillows, a nice little split love seat chairs. Bathroom was properly sized and decently maintained. The room was quite nice for what I expected to  find and sitting in front of the strip. Room was kept nicely by the hotel housekeeping. Only downside to the view and room was the large Donnie and Marie advertising that was outside obstructed the view of Caesar and the strip.We received our bill the last morning to encounter an issue with billing. We waited in the hotel line again to get the issue resolved. Another good 15 minutes to check out. We had to catch our shuttle and correcting the billing was a contributing factor for is to miss our shuttle. We asked the hotel staff regarding catching the shuttle to which we purchased a round trip to where we would go. The staff was unsure. The long line with the lack of clarity between the staff was not a good lasting impression. Although not favorable on service I was willing to give it another try recently. Recent visit in July, I wanted to see if I could check in before normal time of 4. I didn't want to pay the extra for the early check in (breakfast time) but willing to pay for the room upgrade. We waited in line and this time was significantly faster but still about 15 minutes. Neither of my requests could be accommodated and was told to try back a little after lunch from the clerk and her supervisor. We wait again in the line and at the time we were told to check back again. This time another half hour of my time. Again I could not check in. We had already eaten lunch and breakfast by this time. We were told to check in an hour and decided to just wait for regular check in at this point. We come back go check in at 4. Waited another 15 minutes in line to get room keys and everything settled. So for check in here expect to wait about one hour.Room this recent trip was not nearly as maintained. It looked like the room itself was half updated and the casino hotel ran out of money to fix it up. The room was comfortable but decor appeared to be mismatched from the tables and the bed. This recent trip we cut short and checked out a day early. Again check out took about 15 minutes.Water and room temperatures were okay. Towels and sheets were cleaned and stocked. The decor and upkeep on the hotel was a mixed bag. Service is incredibly slow on the hotel front desk.Casino is also not kept well. Considering the age and the keep of the room, an update is needed on both. Machines are tight and table dealers are not friendly or helpful. Overall I have to drop what would be a two star for a one time visit. Second trips usually confirm assessments. In this case, one star unlikely to be out here to stay the night or gamble. I'll take my business elsewhere.
1	I recently stay at the flamingo and it was awful. Awful customer service. Just absolute crap! Don't stay at this hotel!!!!!
1	I read an article about Ceasar's entertainment being 20B+ in debt. Yes, that is a "B" as in billion. I wondered, how is it that they are so deep in sh*t? A few nights at the Flamingo would have any customer putting the nails in the coffin for CZR. I know Flamingo is one of the older, cheaper, discount hotels on the strip, but I could not have predicted how dire the situation here was. Had I not had my rooms next to everyone else in the company, I would have left and rebooked elsewhere.Location: 1 star for location. It's the Las Vegas Strip and its next to Drai's newest series of clubs @ the Cromwell (which is owned by Ceasars). Rooms: -3 stars. Rooms are clearly outdated. I felt uncomfortable lying in my bed for fear that it had not been clean. My fears of unclean rooms were reinforced by the cockroaches that crawled up my bathroom windows as I washed up in the morning. The bathroom vent next to the old shower and musty shower curtains were also filled with lint. Even if I had wanted to get sleep in the bed, the music from 8 floors below was blaring through the window into my room. I figured it would stop at 4am. Nope. Guests lucky enough to enjoy people watching those in the new Linq outdoors area are also blessed with 24 hours of live music ranging from Ke$ha to all your favorite edm tracks keeping you up all day/night.Service: -1 star. I asked to change rooms for only a few hours because by the second night I was dead tired and desperately needed sleep. After being redirected twice, I was told they were sold out and couldn't do anything about it. Thank God for Bose QC15 headphones I have otherwise I may have slept in the bathroom.Food options: You have a Mexican cafe that services a decent breakfast, a food court with Johnny Rockets open very late at night, some bad Chinese place, a bad pizza place, and a bad subs restaurant. But food isn't really a reason anyone stays here anyways. Never staying here again. Good luck to all employees here, I wish you the best on your future job searches.
2	After an awesome girls trip, I wanted to say thank you. Our cabana and the service we received at the pool were absolutely fantastic and worth every penny.   The hotel could learn a thing or two from the staff running the Go Pool.   I'd also like to thank you for charging me $20 for early check in to a room that wasn't cleaned, and the response of "well go ask the desk for another room," when we interrupted 4 housekeepers on their union break in the hall for help.  When we responded that changing rooms wasn't an option, as we had SIX rooms together, they begrudgingly cleaned our room, while fighting in front of us over who should be doing it.   Oh, and the valet when we asked for 2 taxis! I love that he berated me in front of my friends and other guests when I declined his offer of a limo. His customer service was top notch!  Do all of your valets have their hands in limo pockets?  Carlos & Charlie's was a blast too! $15 cover charge, and last call given as soon as we walk in. Sorry, no refunds!  $75 for 5 minutes of fun!  I've stayed at The Flamingo several times, and it was better when it was just an old, out dated, strip hotel. Here's a little tip, Flamingo: you can put lipstick on a pig, but it's still a pig. If you want your hotel/casino to be big & bright and able to compete with the other, bigger hotels on the strip, get your staff together. Bright pink rooms are great, but they turn grey when your staff is ugly. Next time we're going back to Mandalay Bay. Thanks for making the decision easy for us.
1	I'm so disappointed!!!! I came with a person that was visiting USA and wanted to stay in one of the older casinos, but I was very disappointed. The bathroom were moldy and dirty, fan  not working. Bathroom was so small that each time I trod to close the door I would hit myself. TV had bad reception, and was very small. The room was very basic. Didn't even have alarm clock!!! Only telephone and envelope for tip for housekeeping!!! The whole 4th floor smelled like poop including our rooms!!!! I'm glad I only booked one night!!! And when I went to bell desk to rent a motorized wheelchair- lady asked me: "like the one for old people?" My reply was "yes like old people, can I have one of those?" It made me feel very bad since I'm only 27 and I hurt my back long ago and can't walk much at all - she had no right to implement that motorized wheelchairs were  made for old people only !!!! This made my trip very bad:(
1	Disappointing!! DO NOT BOOK IT! There are SUPER loud bars right under the rooms! I asked the front desk if we could change a room because it was too loud and impossible to fall asleep. the woman of the front desk went to talk to the manager, when she came back, she directly said no, all rooms were booked. She said it even without checking with her computer! They just didn't want to change the room for us. While we were arguing, the woman kept whispering with the other one, smiling ironically, they were so rude and totally destroyed the reputation of the hotel. Also I highly doubted this room was supposed to belong to someone else who had changed to another room because when I got in, there was a used soap on the table, and the blanket of my bed was lying on the sofa!! If you are willing to pay $200 for being awake the whole night, go ahead and book!
3	It was okay, nice garden, pool, wedding ceremony was cute. But our family stayed on the same floor and we all found a roach in all of our rooms. So it was gross and we had a leaky bath tub that wouldn't stop. But that's about it.
2	Ahhh The Flamingo Hotel, Las Vegas.  First time here, will probably be the last and let me tell you why:1. The car park is around the back of the hotel, with no front entrance that I saw.  Given the huge increase in LV traffic, good luck in finding the parking garage if you get stuck on the strip.  Do what  I did: turn right onto Flamingo Blvd. and then cut across 5 lanes of traffic into The Cromwell's parking garage and, from there, cut a sharp left into a back alley, and drive until you find (accidentally, completely by chance) the back entrance to the Flamingo's parking garage.  Extra points if you do NOT get a ticket, hit a taxi or drive the wrong way down a one way street. Of course, now that I've been to the Flamingo, I know the score.   Grade: D.2.  Arrive at check in, after a long car drive, and be greeted by the biggest A$$hole the Flamingo's HR department could find.  Benjamin the desk clerk, a short, chubby, balding, snippy jerk with darting reptilian eyes, will make you feel super welcome and not at all turned off by his bitchy behavior.  If you're lucky, he might even condescendingly insult members of your party too! Right to their faces!!  Although I would have to say that Benjamin's the lucky one here ..... the men in the party wanted to kick him in the nuts.... but I wouldn't let them.  I will, however, say that the next two desk clerks I dealt with were both very nice ladies.  Benjamin, however, succeeded grandly in angering 2 members of our party which basically put a damper on the entire 3 days we stayed .... initially, people wanted to immediately go find another room in another hotel but that wasn't possible.  Thanks solely to Benjamin, I give the check in process a ...... Grade: F.  Thanks to you, "Ben", we probably will never return.3.  ROOM PROS: The bathtub drained well.  Plenty of towels and supplies.  Strong water pressure, painful like a fire hose.  Comfortable beds made up with decent sheets, etc.  Hardly heard any noise from adjoining rooms which was nice ..... no flushing toilets, running water, stomping, yelling, etc.  Great mirror coverage in the bathroom ..... big mirror above the sink, fabulous full length wide mirror on the far end bathroom wall.  Very comfortable air conditioning ..... breezy.ROOM CONS:  Our rooms were dirty.  I can say with certainty, the floor probably wasn't vacuumed properly or mopped for at least 2 weeks.  Lots of dust and hair on the floors, behind the TV cabinet, desk and armchair ..... floor was quite grotty in fact.  Rug, although grey and black, was obviously stained and grubby.  Bathrooms in dire need of an upgrade ....... above our bath was a metal rusty stained trap door of sorts .....hardly up market.  Lousy free TV selection.  Lampshades with big holes in them.4.  Very expensive snack shops ..... you will pay $4 for a can of Coors and $3.50 for a bottle of water.  Elsewhere in the hotel, I paid $6 for a can of Coors.5.  Crappy pool ..... it's a trek to get there too, at least from where Benjamin put us, way the heck back in the hotel with nothing but a brick wall for a view.  Grade: D6.  Elevators that kept breaking down.  On the occasions that we actually stepped into an elevator without a maintenance man in it, the sounds coming from the elevator shaft were enough to bring on panic attacks and sudden frights.  The last thing I want to hear while riding an elevator is loud CLANGS, THUDS and other strange noises. Everyone riding with us was freaking out.  Grade: FCONCLUSION: I wanted a hotel right in the middle of the strip for a decent rate.  I got the location, and I paid around $70/night per room.  I wasn't expecting decadent luxury but I DO expect a clean room and a nice bathroom.  The Flamingo gives off an old and tired vibe ...... dentures and stale cigarette smoke sort of vibe.  I guess I can live with that but I CAN'T live with rude A$$hole customer 'service'.  Benjamin really did ruin our first night in Vegas with his nasty manner because it was so unexpected.  Dude, if you hate your job that much, LEAVE.  No one will miss you.  And, solely because of you, my next trip to Vegas will be spent at either The Cromwell, Harrah's, Paris or Planet Hollywood.OVERALL GRADE: 5 OUT OF 10
1	Wow this is an old hotel that they have tried to update but not successfully. The beds are very comfortable, pillows are HORRIBLE, not enough outlet to charge devices. The checkin was an hour + wait. It's clear management does not care because the staff does not care. No one working for the hotel seem nice or customer service oriented. The food was horrible don't eat there.  Parking is on the opposite end of everything and very hard to accessI will not be staying here again for any reason given the price vs quality. Although it is well situated on the strip.
2	Stayed there recently, very disappointed in the conditions of the maintenance, particularly on our floor. Room smelled like cigarette smoke, the hallway on our floor and major ripples in it and tear in the rug.  The only positive thing was the strip view. Maid service cut corners at times. Won't be staying here again.
2	My friend stayed here five years ago while the Flamingo was undergoing renovation. I don't really see much of a difference. The pool back then was pretty terrible but my friends vouched for the pool and said they think the renovations must have gone to the pool. Here are a couple of our observations we experienced during our weekend stay:- Guests like signs to help us find where to go and where things are. So the ice machine wasn't where the sign said it was and it led to a mini expedition. - Guests like the cold. If you're in the desert, don't you think each room should have a mini fridge? Especially since you can't find the ice machine? - Guests like service. We called for additional towels. It took an hour and we had forgotten that we requested for them. Also, another hotel guest ordered room service in our hallway. An entire day passed where the trays in the hallway hadn't been picked up.    - Guests like a clean-looking hotel. The carpet was stained and needs replacing - wouldn't you think that's an important part of renovating? The crown molding was coming apart in the hallway. - Guests don't like to imagine getting shanked. These hotel elevators looked like they belonged in a shady parking garage where a drug bust would go down. I'd rather ride the Tower of Terror. We thought that the elevators in the parking structure were bad enough but those in the hotel were out of East Los.No WiFi. Wasn't a fan of the conditioner/shampoo. The TV could have been bigger but at least there was one. Not all the outlets had socket covers. Your fire alarm works. The fire alarm notification went off at the wee hours of the morning. We get that this is protocol but is it necessary to notify us half a dozen times? Just when you are drifting back to sleep, it would start up again. Perhaps it's the due diligence in trying to notify people hard of hearing because the side effect was waking everyone up from a somewhat drunken slumber. It helped that the location on the strip was excellent but for $75 a night, my friends and I set our expectations low. You get what you pay for. We got a bed to sleep on. It was a last minute trip so we went with price.
4	We stayed in room 17138 in late September 2014. The only reason I did not give them a 5 is because it wasn't perfect and I didn't want to mislead readers.We did the online early check in. It costs 30.00 to check in early but well worth it because we got in immediately thanks to a great customer service person at the check in counter.  Her name was Shawn and she did a great job of making check in easy. The room itself gave us a nice view of Caesars palace and a bit of Quad activity. floor to ceiling windows. There was a flat screen TV and a chaise lounge. It was clean, the furnishings are good but a bit dinged up..just showing a little age..it really was fine.The bed was comfy...The linens were average, I wish I had asked for more pillows though.  This room is a pretty good hike from the "Habitat Elevators" which are in the back of the property right by the habitat outside. this bank of elevators are great for the Linq access, this was handy for us.The property has lots of dining options..(Center Cut steak house was great...reviewed separately).Every service we used was great. The habitat is pretty and relaxing. Valet Was efficient.Seriously there is very little to complain about.Like I said, the property shows it's age but I would stay there again in an instant!!!!We were comped but still had to pay the resort fee. However, the wifi ever failed me. I'm very surprised how many poor reviews are here. It's not like you paid for the Wynne, it is what it is.
1	Horrible hotel... super rude @ check in. Rust in the bathroom.. tape on the ceiling!  discusting stains on the foot sheet on the bed. Spring extra and stay at the bellagio this hotel is awwwful!! Elevators made weird noises and felt un safe!
2	Check in is at 4pm. If you try to check in earlier it's a $20 fee. Good luck trying to get any sleep because this is the loudest hotel I have ever stayed in. The floors are fake wood and they echo really bad. The cleaning people are constantly slamming the doors in the hall all morning. And if you're put near the north side of the hotel by the Linq you'll hear music all night. The beds have scratchy comforters, and most of the hallways have a musty sort of smell to them. All that being said, the staff was friendly and The Flamingo is near most of the best hotels on the strip. But if the price of this hotel matches any others you're looking at, choose them.
1	The Good:-I got a great rate on the room- It has a central strip locationThe Bad:- Self parking has 7 levels, but the elevator only goes to 6. The 7th has a very large deceiving sign with the word elevator on it. - Their buffet is the worst I've ever seen at that price point. - The carpet is bubbling in the hallways making a super long walk to the room even more difficult with rolling luggage. - Staying in the 'Linq view ' rooms is a joke. Only a partial view and loud noise day and night. You can hear the Carnivale bar at Harrah's all night.- Only 1 device per day is included with The Resort Fee- The AC constantly reverts to auto. Meaning if you want the fan to run, you have to adjust it every 10 minutes when the system flips from on to Auto on its own. The Ugly:-I cut my toe on broken glass from a previous guest within minutes of arriving in the room. It took an hour for them to send someone. I ended up asking a housekeeper to mop up the blood and potentially more glass. - The elevators feel like death traps. No ac in them. Only one worked in the parking garage. They also lack the sensors to stop if someone is still in it.  I have the worst bruise(extremely painful) of my life trying to hold the door after letting people exit before getting on. - The rooms with bathrooms that haven't been updated have mold and mildew covering the tiles and grout. - Someone vomited in the hallway. It took 2 days to get it cleaned so you could no longer see that person's dinner. All in all the place has potential but they miss the mark on execution.
4	FYI: If you have made a reservation online you don't have to wait on their very long check-in line. Trust me, you can go to the "High Roller" line.  It's shorter and for some reason 2 people are at the front desk. Quicker service!We stayed on the 19th floor, paid about $100/nt for the view of the High Roller, very pretty! You can also see the pool area and surrounding palm trees. Room was very clean when we first got there but within the 6 days I think they only swept the room once. The room was newly renovated, cute and chic with a lot of hot pink and black with modern wooden floors. (See pictures)The bathroom? Not so much. It was clean but the ceiling was low and definitely looked dated, a little dingy but useable. Also, 2 employees randomly walked in while we were still in the room around 5pm without knocking and said they were doing their rounds of checking the rooms. Felt a little shady but thankfully nothing was stolen.
3	OK, so check this out.  I know I have been long dormant with the Yelp reviews (bad girl, BAD GIRL!), so to make it up to ya'll, I am now embarking on a casino-by-casino tour of my new hometown of LV, NV, and will include reviews of each as I tour them.  Now, these will not include room stays, but just schlepping around the premises - eating, drinking, and checking out anything that moves or doesn't move.  Got it? OK, let's proceed...Review #11:inside, this place is average, probably 2.5 stars; the restaurants are very uninspired and behind Vegas standards; Margaritaville is huge & sprawling, with a casino of its own, but a total tourist trap; one thing this place has going for it (besides history) is the outdoor gardens - very unique & relaxing, including lots of birds (including flamingos, natch) & big fishies; there is also a sprawling 3rd floor maze of conference rooms; plus, the new Linq area of shops & restaurants next door is probably a good thing for The Flamingo, as it's the best place to park & walk through for access; best craft beer bet = well, the ex-Sin City Brewing Co. bar is now just a regular bar, but their beer selection is pretty decent, though dominated by IPA's; most of the little shops have a good variety of Rogue beers in bottles, surprisingly.
2	I'm less than amused; however, the extra star is for effort.I'm a Las Vegas local and was celebrating my 22nd birthday with a staycation.  I searched for a room that would fit my birthday party needs and wanted a cute room that I could walk to from serendipity and the Linq.  Let's face it - the Flamingo is one of the oldest hotels in Vegas.  But, I had recently heard that they remodeled some rooms.  I reserved a King GO room with a Strip View about a week in advance, the money was already taken from my account, and I became a Total Rewards member.Upon check in (exactly 4pm), I was told that the GO rooms were now all booked - though it was reserved and I had checked the moment it opened.  The woman GRACIOUSLY told me that I have been "upgraded" to a suite.  I assured her all I wanted was the pink bathroom.  But, once again I was told that they were completely booked.Whatever, I guess we'll take the suite then.  We headed up the elevator and I was positively offended when I walked in to this "upgrade".  This room was not a Vegas room.  I felt like I went to some small town and paid maybe $120 for it.  Maybe the elevator was a time machine back to the 1970's.  The furniture was dusty and the carpet had stains.  It didn't have a strip view.. I wouldn't sit on anything in there - and I swear I'm not a bitch.. I love camping, and this was dirtier than camping.My husband decided to call them and ask if we could get something a little closer to what we reserved, or at least closer to what we paid for.  They were gracious enough to give us keys to a different suite with a strip view.  Thankfully, the furniture was clean.  We decided that it was good enough and to make the best of it.Here's the best part : When they switched our room, I'm guessing no one switched our names in the computer.  Another couple was given keys to our room and waltzed right in while I was sleeping and my husband was in the shower.  AWESOME.  No one called to apologize nor ask if the room was better than the first.  I doubt this is how it goes every time, but unfortunately, that's how it went this time.Happy Birthday.P.S. There were about 6 channels on my TV... yay.
3	Ok so, there are definitely pros and cons about this place. We reserved a room but had to wait 3 hours after checking in to get there. The shower floor was sticky and the peep hole in the door had dirty toilet paper stuffed in it, which was gross. After complaining about it, they upgraded us. The upgrade was nice. We had a clean room with a mini fridge (not in the old room) and a couch ( also not in the old room).      Here are the major things I liked about it: the staff were really friendly, the habitat animals were cool, the location was awesome, the pizza/ice cream place by the habitat elevators was delicious as well as the cafe right next to it.       Things I didn't like: Carlos and Charley's had the WORST service I've ever experienced at a restaurant. Margaritaville was cheesy to me; just not my style. The slots were super tight. The elevators were terrible. I was bringing food for my whole party up to the 27th floor, and my hands were full. When somebody would get off the elevator, the selection of floors would be erased. And it happened at every floor. When I was I the elevator by myself, I had my hands full and couldn't hit a floor button. I got dropped off at the 12th, 20th and then back to the 14th floor before I could get up to the 27th...the shampoo/conditioner was lame but oh well!    Other than that, not too bad if a time! Still enjoyed my stay in Las Vegas!
4	I would give 5 stars but have to subtract one because of the crappy elevators .....my husband and I stayed in the GO room and it was clean, beds very comfy, big bathroom,  great view of the strip.  The casino floor is laid out nice,  not a maze like Harrah's....fun atmosphere at the table games, LOVE Sye at 3 card poker and Ross at Texas Hold Em!! Love the flamingos habitat,  so beautiful and serene...Will definitely stay here from now on,  just wish they would put in new elevators.
3	We stayed here for our honeymoon and reserved a GO Luxury Room with a strip view. The room was cute and stylish, bed was comfortable. The automatic drapes and floor to ceiling windows are a nice touch. The sink however would fill up very quickly and drain extremely slow. Our strip view that we paid extra for was covered by a Donnie and Marie banner outside. We also paid extra for an early check in, and was told we would be contacted once the room was ready at noon. By 2:00 we still had not heard anything so I called and sure enough it had been ready the whole time.My biggest concern and complaint is the valet service.  We parked our car valet on Sunday and picked it up Wednesday, so who knows what could have happened in between.  When we picked it up we immediately noticed our gas tank was 1/4 tank lower then when we left it, but decided we couldn't really do much about it. Later down the road I noticed a starbucks napkin next to the seat. We have not been to starbucks in this car, its brand new. And finally and most damaging when we stopped for gas 2 hours down the road we noticed a huge deep scrape on the back passenger wheel and a large chunk out of the tire. I have attempted to contact the hotel regarding this and have not received any response. The elevators are HORRIBLE, dirty, rickety, some feel very unsafe. The casino was just okay, nothing special, old. Margaritaville was okay, cool decor, lots to look at, food was nothing special but good, same with the drinks. The animal habitat was nice to check out, although from other reviews I expected more. We had to pay $20/day resort fee which is supposed to cover the gym and wifi. Our wifi did not work at all. We also noticed a sign in the room saying wifi was $13.99/day. Kinda pissed at that!!The best & worst part of the whole place is the pool. We had lots of fun the two days we spent at the pool. The drinks are strong and the music is fun. The pool food was far better then any of the restaurants at the Flamingo! That being said, shame on Flamingo for allowing just anyone into this pool. We had to stand in line for an hour before the pool even opened just to get a lounge chair. This pool is not just for hotel guests witch is appalling to me! Anyone can pay to get in. In fact they didn't even check our room keys or IDs (21+) upon entering. We could have been anyone off the street. Watch out for the various booths around the hotel with people offering you a free show and buffet. It sounded like a great deal and the people were nice, so we signed up. When we went to our free buffet, only then did we find out we were stuck in a Wyndham timeshare scam for 5 hours!!! We saw Vinny Favorito at the Flamingo. The show was great! We laughed the whole time. Hes not for everyone though, they do warn you when you buy the tickets. He performs in Bugsy's Cabaret, its almost disgusting in there. They really need to update that room. We were seated on very small chairs placed extremely close together. Chairs and carpet looks VERY dirty, we almost walked out before the show started due to the state of the room. Glad we stayed because Vinny was hilarious. We also ate at the Paradise Garden buffet during our stay. It was truly gross. Everything I tried tasted was nasty. Oversalted, stale, real lack of any kind of quality. WAY over priced for what you get to choose from. No dessert bar at all! Very outdated seating & decor. In fact I had the worst stomach ache later that night. Pretty positive it was the buffet food.All in all we would stay here again if the price was right. Our room and the pool was the best part, and thats what we would come back for. I would take our dining elsewhere. They really need to update the rest of the hotel to match the new style of the rooms. Especially since the Linq is right outside and the Quad is so new and updated.
4	Probably for nostaglic reasons, it's been here for a long time since my 1st year university days, the only one I could afford back then lol.  And compared to the newer style casinos in past 10 years, Flamingo really still has that old-fashioned feel to it, the way Bugsy wanted it probably.Came here for their famous burlesque show, recommended by the way.In my humble opinion, it's still the best central location.It's still quite busy on the gaming floor, easy to find different games.
1	Dilapidated, overpriced, loud, dowdy, cheap, spring break crowd, wait in line for EVERYTHING, $4 for a little bottle of Dasani, service is indignant...I mean, why go here?
5	We loved our stay at The Flamingo.  I was originally a little worried that it wasn't going to be as amazing as we had hoped because it's an older name in Las Vegas hotels.  I was so happy to be wrong on this though!  We had an amazing time, loved our room (Go Room) and the staff were very friendly and helpful.The pool was amazing as well.  We even went to a beach club and I'd say that the experience was comparable, if not better at the hotel pool.Location was great, once you walk outside, you're in the middle of everything.  Easily walk to all the best locations on the strip, experience all the Vegas-like things you would want to do.  If it's not close by.... then there's a shuttle to get you there, or at leas someone in the hotel that can help you get there the quickest, and cheapest ways.Casino was good, Margaritaville Casino was fun too.Overall, a great hotel that we would be happy to visit again in the near future.
2	My wife and I booked this vacation through the Flamingo's website.  We  chose it based on location and price.  After much searching, they had the cheapest price for the combined airfare and  motel  stay.   Here is a list of things that  really did not set well with me. 1)  The check in process.  After  dealing with more than 7 hours of  traveling,  we had to stand in line for more than an hour to get checked into the room.   Part of the issue was  they only had  3 - 5 people checking in guest and they had way more computers than that and they were just not used.  2)  Everything in the room is extra;  refrigerator,  microwave.  3)  House keeping was terrible.  After our first night the next day we showered and went on the strip.  They did not clean our room,  we had to call and have  housekeeping  bring us fresh towels and  pick up our trash.   The 2nd day,  we were scheduled for  the Celine Dion  Show and had to go without showering because you guessed it  no house keeping service.  We called and requested towels and was told that we were priority, and after waiting an hour,  no  one showed up.  4)  Resort fee is extra 18.00 a day after booking fees are paid.
3	Recent stay at The Flamingo...the room was a room. Suppose it was the most inexpensive but it didn't have any seating other than a bench or the bed. The room was clean and the bed was very comfortable. Having stayed with 2 other friends who each had different rooms, there doesn't seem to be any consistency in decor or amenities. Some had coffee pots, some had nice seating, some had ceiling fans. What is this all about? Rooms at the same price should be consistent. As several reviews have noted, the carpet on many floors, I was on 8 is in much need of replacement. It is filty and rippled. This is a walking hazard and a law suit waiting to happen. Very easy to trip and fall. TV reception was very poor, as was Internet strength and consistency. With many other choices in Vegas, I would chose another property for a future visit. Most staff were friendly and helpful.
1	This hotel needs a major revamp! We paid for an upgraded room this weekend and it was awful. There were several holes in the sheets on both beds, hair in the sink & shower, the vent above the shower head was covered in a heavy layer of dust, the closet didn't have any hangars, the sink did not drain well if you ran the water for more than 5 seconds. The air conditioning didn't seem to work well and was extremely loud and bothersome while sleeping.Ownership and management really should  asses the cleanliness of rooms.
2	Find another Vegas hotel...I booked a non-smoking room with a king. I was surprised to see an online check in option email on the morning we were to arrive. So I clicked the link and "checked in."  When we arrived to the front desk of the hotel, the employee assisting us informed us we had checked in online and our "smoking room with 2 queens" was ready.  No, no, no, no.  I informed here there was absolutely no option as to what type of room you could check into on the link that was sent to me.  Rather, it just allowed you to tell the hotel what time you were arriving.  She was extremely rude and told me "you're not guaranteed a king."  If that's the case, then why the hell does the hotel take my money and allow you to choose the type of room you want and reserve it, then not have it available when you arrive? Eventually after I expressed my frustration about this, she told me I could get a "handicapped" room on the lowest floor of the hotel with a king.  We get to the room which was supposed to be "newly remodeled."  However, they only replaced the floor, TV and added a lounge chair by the window.  All the rest of the furniture was old and horribly beat up.  Additionally, the pillows on the beds WERE HORRIBLE.  Additionally, the bathroom looked like it was strait out of the 80's, with the shower mold to prove it.  The elevator faces were also extremely worn out and gross. The parking garage was dirty and rusty. The pool wasn't as bad as I thought it would be, but the crowd was mostly older and/or on the white trash side. This is just another tired hotel on the strip.  If I were you, I'd stay elsewhere.
1	Ah Vegas, We were at the Flamingo this weekend. The building was like an IceBox all weekend. Since I test a/c units everyday my guess is it was 60 degrees in the whole building. When at the ProLabs Inspectors conference and Picking up some CEs at a Plumbing class. I heard something dripping, looked over to see water running down a wall in the Reno room near an electrical outlet. The elevators gave every rider and I, the shared concern and worry that we might not make it out alive. There were noises of rattling and unusual elevator behavior. Looked up to see the ceiling of the elevator vibrating back and forth. A lot of this place needs some serious upgrades. While heading to our room we were met with high sale pushy vendors trying to sell time shares. While gambling one night was met with another dubious caractor who asured me, he could help me make thousands at the crap table. Yeh right dude. The remodeling of another building across the way started early and woke us up at 6:am. The last morning the fire alarm went off somewhere at 5:30am. When we called the operator she didn't have a clue then checked with security who told here it was a test..........for an hour? Finally I check my bill on the peace of CR$P TV in our room to find out they over charged me. They corrected my bill. All and All the convention was great, I learned a great deal and appreciate ProLabs sponsorship. Perhaps they should find a new location next time. We had some great meals at the big mall down the street one of the best was at Buddy Vs. We couldn't eat in our hotel because neither my wife nor I thought about bringing a sweat shirt to stay warm in Vegas!
2	Stayed here for 10 days this month. Had a great experience with everything except for my bill. I asked for a totaled up bill my second night and was given one amount. The night before I was checking out I asked to pay my bill in full. The two amounts varied and when questioned about it I was advised they may have comped a few days for me. Now when I checked out online there was an additional 200 charge. I went to the front desk and asked what the charge was they said it was for my final night. I spent 2 hours in person and on the phone complaining only to be told sorry! We don't give credits or refunds due to our staff making mistakes!! Seriously? Guess my 10 day stay didn't mean anything or the meals I ate at the casino or the clients I entertained. Sorry Flamingo you blew this one.
4	Rooms have been partially renovated so that's nice.  New tvs and floors.  We stayed in a room over looking the strip for free on Wednesday and Thursday night.  Only had to pay the $20 a night resort fee.  Wifi worked.  I went to the spa for a $10 fee, it was just ok.  You can't beat the location!
2	The only thing I liked about this hotel was the location in the middle of the strip & the adult pool. The pool is pretty big and not too crowded, they sell mixed drinks & beer and have music. The hotel overall just has a rundown feel to it, from the narrow parking garage, to the ugly elevators, and narrow hallways with the carpet popping up all over the place. There was no mini fridge in the room & they charge you $15 a night to get one The eating establishments all suck and there aren't very many choices
1	Pounding Loud Music until 3:15!. I reserved an upgraded go room with a strip view.  Room was fine, but the problem is that all rooms that remotely face the Drais Night Club will experience loud pounding music until 3:15.  It was near impossible to sleep.  The hotel knows about this problem very well, as the operator acknowledged numerous complaints.
3	This was our first time we stayed at the Flamingo. We stayed in a "Fab" room because all the upgrades to the "Go" rooms were sold out. It was an average room that definately was run down. Would recommend upgrading to the Go room. We checked in online via the email they sent, which helped us avoid the horrendously long lines. When you check in online you go to the "keys and mail" line which was much shorter. Time share people at every corner, we just smiled and always said no thank you. Elevators were run down. Pool area was nice, no outside food or drink allowed in (which was annoying). The outside gardens with the flamingos and koi fish were nice. Get a rewards card upon arrival, you get a discount at all stores and restaurants at the hotel with it. Overall the location was nice, but we probably wouldn't stay here again.
1	We arrived in Vegas at 8:45 but didn't actually get in our stained walled, stained carpet, stained bathroom sink, with no lights room at 1130 pm because of the long ass lines to check in. At midnight we were being moved to our second room because of the disgusting "upgraded room" they said they had put us in. The carpet was bunched up and taped up with grey tape from the dollar store. Our second room was not any better but we stayed there for the first night. The next day we hit the strip. As i'm getting ready to pull out cash from my bank card I notice that the hotel has charged my card not only the hotel fee and resort fee along with the incidental fee but has also charged me an extra 400 for idk. I go to the front desk to find out only to wait for another hour in line. When I finally get to the front desk the guy says to wait a minute. I follow him only to find out that not only is he making the only working girl in the counter and the 100 + people waiting in line wait so that he can talk to his girlfriend about what they are going to eat for lunch. WTF. I get a manager to try to help me. She finally tells me " I know what room they put u in and I am sorry I know it is bad." They upgrade us to a nice suite, so if you havnt been counting that 3 rooms in 12hrs that we have been in,  but I have been home from Vegas almost a month now and the money they put on hold is still not being released and all the comps they told me they would give me are still not showing up on my credit card. The location is amazing it is smack in the middle of the strip  the rooms well it was like a scene from a horror story. The casino was ok Margaritaville was extremely overrated. Would I stay here again F%$^ NO!!!! I guess I"ll try the LINQ?!Even Treasure Island was a better stay..
3	The price was good and the location was perfect. We just had a standard deluxe room and it was fine for the price. The bathroom shower was my biggest complaint. It was small and poor water pressure. Everything else in the room we were satisfied with. The pool lets anyone from any hotel in for free so it is way overcrowded. The whole time we were there only 2 or 3 elevators were working so we had to find our way through the employee back room maze to get up and down. The only other option was waiting 20 min for an elevator. Housekeeping was good and same with service in the restaurants. Overall you get what you pay for.
3	I have never stayed at the Flamingo before and was actually kind of excited when I found out my Husband had booked our room there.  We had a two-bed room in the dog friendly level, although we didn't have a dog with us.  I think we had the cheapest rooms they offer. I was a little disappointed when we first entered the room because I have heard that the rooms are pink and the bathrooms are pink and the beds are pink, and everything is pink.  Our room was not pink, at all.  However it was clean and smelled normal, couldn't ask for much more.The beds were pretty soft, almost too soft for our taste, I like a firm bed.  Our friend staying with us liked it though.  If you like soft beds then you are in luck.The floors are weird, laminate instead of carpet.  Although after I thought about it, it made sense.  Laminate would be easier to clean and much more sanitary then carpet, so that was a plus.  The bathroom was smallish but clean.  The sink backed up every time we used it and took forever to drain leaving a gross mess of face-wash water or toothpaste-spit water residue, nasty!The shower was a bummer.  Absolutely ZERO water pressure and it took the water at least 15 minutes to warm up to hot water.  Overall was not impressed, but I wasn't upset.  I would definitely stay here again because the hotel is in the center of the strip making it a great location.  Also the air-conditioner made an eerie sound when turning off.        And Wi-Fi sucked butt.
4	Spent a couple of nights here (10/17-10/19).  Was in town to see Zac Brown Band and Jimmy Buffett.  And this hotel had the Margaritaville Pool Party.When reading many reviews of this place everyone said to book a GO room.  So that's what I did and turns out they were right.  Check-in wasn't bad, probably waited about 20 minutes.  Nicely furnished room and bathroom.  Cool thing is the tv in the bathroom mirror.We stayed on the 25th floor and didn't have any issue with noise.  Our room was on the side that was next to The Cromwell.  You can definitely hear the music but it's not as bad as people made it out to be.  And plus, you're in Vegas who cares?!?!?!My only major gripe with this hotel is the resort fee.  And I know it's hard to get away from these fees at the Strip hotels and normally I don't mind them.  But the fee was $22 a day and it was supposed to include Wi-Fi on ONE device (which I thought was weird). But I couldn't even get the wifi to work on my one device.  But since we used the pool it made the resort fee worth it.Be wary of the parking garage though.  We found a parking spot each time but there are a lot of blind spots and since everyone in Vegas seems oblivious to things...you might get hit.  Thankfully we didn'tOverall it's a solid hotel if you want a place right in the middle of the strip.  I'd stay here again if the price was right for a GO Room.
2	Spent 5 nights Oct 19-23, 2014.  I have a list of complaints.1-No phone book in the room2-Microwave, coffee or fridge so what do  U do w/huge portions of food you can't finish at the restaurants? 3-Faint odor of smoke in the non-smoking room.4-On the table between the beds (which were very comfortable) there was a light and a clock radio.  Neither was plugged in and when I moved the table to plug them in I could not see a wall outlet.  Moved the radio to another part of the room.5-Bathroom exhaust was very weak and the room was steamed up after a hot shower. 6-The inner plastic shower curtain was very short and it was easy to flood the bathroom floor when taking a shower.7-Hotel employees (dressed all in black) haucking shows, and other stuff as soon as you get out of the elevator and walk into the casino.  I expect this out on the strip, but not in the hotel.  We walked through a few other hotels and there were people at kiosks selling things, but they were NOT in your face like at the Flamingo.8-We were on the 5th floor and the rugs outside the elevators was wrinkled.  I'm sure sooner or later if they are not replaced some older person is going to trip, fall and get hurt.On a positive the food was good, and so was the room cleaners.  But for sure I'll never come back to this hotel.
4	Although I didn't like this casino as much in the past, it's really grown on me. There is a good age range here for those who like to frequent the strip and party. It's right in the middle of the strip, so no matter which direction you want to go, there is always something going on. I also like their little nature walk with the animals.Their pool and it's a pretty nice looking place. It's also got people in there partying as well. On the weekends you'll find gogo dancers around the Casino tables. I mainly love this place for the location. This is also one of those casinos where I actually win money back on the slots!
2	Quite disappointed in our room at the hotel. The website really gave the impression that all rooms were clean, updated, with many amenities. To my dismay, the room was super outdated, smelled like smoke (even though a non-smoking room), the bathroom small with an awkward full mirror placed next to the toilet. The water in the shower went from hot to cold while showering. Our shower curtain was replaced 3 days into our stay. The packaging was left on the floor of the bathroom. The do not disturb door hanger wasn't in our room. There was paint drippings on the outside of the window. Very disappointed in the rooms. Won't be staying here again in the future.
4	Its very hard for a newbie to know where to stay when coming to vegas. Should i  go strip or off strip, downtown, south, north? There are lots of options regarding housing but only one old school, and thats Flamingo, the first hotel on the Strip. Center strip location, to a great price compared to the quality and service you get. Its not tacky neither fancy, its a hotel, perfectly located to discover the rest of vegas. Pool area is BIG and will leave you two choices, either go the party/music way or the calmer way in the pool upstairs. Pool area is definitely spacey and one of the better ones in Vegas. Also during season in weekends, they offer a light dayparty in the bigger "Party" pool. Overall, Vegas is a cheap place to find really fancy hotels, but you dont have to splurge to stay okay. I always go by the classic phrase "Im just gonna sleep at the room". And since i often stay for a week or so, I rather spend my money on other experiences outside the hotel. In Vegas I rank location before stylish hotels since location and distance is the vital thing here. So if you dont want to end up spending most of your time walking, stay centre strip!
4	Vegas!!! That's right, Vegas is Vegas. Now for the Flamingo itself. I admit that I am most definitely overrating this place because of the great experience I had here the weekend of Sept. 20th. (Second time in Vegas this year. Previous stay was in August at the Platinum). But hey, at the end of the day the experience is what counts the most right ? So I came with my gf for her birthday. We stayed in a "deluxe" room which had little to offer other than a bed and bathroom. It was small but since it was just the two of us it was alright for us. We really enjoyed the pool. It was basically a big party that had a great crowd with good vibes. I forget what it's called, I think it's called the Habitat but either way it's the area you walk through to get to the pool when you're coming from inside the hotel/casino is really nice. They had flamingos (of course) and other animals. This place made for a really romantic pizza dinner I had there with my gf. We walked a bit and sat at one of the benches with drinks in hand. Really romantic right!?? Lol Again the rating is a bit more than I would otherwise give if it wasn't for that romantic pizza dinner I would say 3 stars! Haha but anyway it was definitely a great location on the strip with lots to offer. It's Vegas! It's up to you to make the trip great not so much the location. So cheers my friends! Have a great time!
1	Horrible experience.  Rude staff.  Non smoking rooms were advertised. I have a severe allergy to cigarette smoke,  and selected a non smoking room which ended up being a nightmare, they weren't really smoke free. Neighbors would smoke and ac would suck it into my room. Bumped from room to room,  promised we were on non smoking floor, but still smoke poured in.  Offered "spray" to cover the smoke smell which would have created even more asthma.  Every time I called front desk they were rude and would say "what do you expect me to do. "  I was in tears most nights trying to figure out how to sleep having allergic reactions to smoke and flamingo staff who didn't care they were discriminating against me.  Don't believe them if you need no smoking .  They don't have any.  When we tried to resolve with management, they didn't feel we made a big enough of a stink as we requested being moved to warrant any recognition for how miserable and inconvenient our stay was.
4	Yay for $10 black jack on a Friday night! Woo woo! We came here to gamble and had a blast. Gambling goes a lot further here when all other tables are a $25-50 min. The drinks came often enough and the dealers were kind.
1	BE CAREFUL WITH VALET, THEY ARE THIEFS!A couple of weeks ago we stood at the Flamingo Hilton for the weekend. We gave the car to Valet upon arrival.Next Day, when we picked up the Car from Valet, my wife was looking for her prescription glasses, she was sure to have left  them in the Car..... But they No where to be found, incl. the Case! We attended our Seminar in Henderson, south of Vegas and parked the car in a covered Parking Lot, we did not leave it to Valet at the other Resort. After the Seminar we drove back to the Flamingo and gave the car again to the Valet, since we did not intend on driving for the Rest of the weekend.Sunday Morning we picked up the car from Flamingo Valet again and after we drove off, I was looking for my Rayban Sunglasses.......Again No where to be found and I remember leaving them in the car in its Case after the Seminar the Night before.Long Story short......The Valet from Flamingo Hilton has Thiefs among them. Be careful what you leave in the Car.
1	Checked in and the hotel rooms were horrible!!! There were ants in there room!!! And my wife got sick and it took 20 mins for a manager to respond to my situation due to he was busy with another customer. I was acknowledged 15 mins later saying I will be right with you!! I booked rooms with the high roller view and got s room facing a flat wall which did not have any view of the high roller. Very disappointed in this kind of service!!  They could have something much more faster and respond quicker to my need due to my wife being sick. For everybody who goes here please don't waste your money coming here pay a little bit extra and get a newer hotel.
1	Check-in was a breeze because they offered on-line check-in and we only had to pick up our keys and not get in line. But that was the end of all the good things with this hotel.We got in the room though and the bathroom was smelly. It smelled of sewage. And half the closet door was unhinged and just set on its side!! (Picture attached)We called guest services, the just sent a cleaning crew who just sprayed chemicals all over the room to cover the smell temporarily. No engineer came to fix the closet door. Before we left for dinner, ee called again to ask for sheets to be changed because we didn't want the covers with the chemicals they sprayed all over (i am 7 months pregnant) and we came back... The sheets were not changed. All they did was give us 2 extra pillows.. With stains on the covers!!
1	Horrible parking experience here.  Not enough parking for guest yet there is plenty of valet and rental space available .  Go figure
1	I will NEVER go back to this hotel! You will have your money and things stolen! Both experiences were a nightmare. Took my best friend to vegas for her birthday. We paid in advance for a double queen. When we arrived we got a single king. They claimed they were out of double queen rooms. Went out that night and the next morning was getting ready. The do not disturb sign was on the door. The maid was BANGING on the door to let her in. My friend was in a towel and I was in my bra and underwear. My friend opened the door a little just to tell the maid to wait and she busted in! Im frantically trying to find clothes. She does something to the phone and leaves. She says she'll be back in 15 minutes! Sure enough, she comes back. Doesn't even knock this time. Uses her card, slams through the door and does something again to the phone. She proceeds to tell us to hurry so she can clean the room by 4:30 (it's only 12:00pm). 30 minutes later we leave and call across the hall we are leaving. We return to our room at 5pm and the room is not clean. We call the front desk and they claim to have sent someone. 2 hours later my friend and I leave for dinner. Still no maid service. I go downstairs and speak to a manager and she gives me a $10 food credit for my troubles. (Oh wow) I ask for a late check out instead. She agreed. The room finally gets cleaned by 11pm. So helpful considering we leave the next morning (sarcasm). My purse is hidden the entire time I am in and out of the room the entire weekend. Two weeks later I am fraudulently charged $1,000 to 2 separate accounts! These charges are made to phone, cable, and energy bills in Las Vegas! Also, my $150 curling iron was stolen. Hope the b$&ch gets arrested. And she will..also, our room smelled entirely of weed and the sink clogged every time it was used.
3	This isn't your Grandpa's Flamingo anymore. I would even venture to say this isn't your overweight Chain smoking uncle Larry's Flamingo we all knew and didn't love from 5-10 years ago!Before My recent trip to The Flamingo, the thought of staying there would immediately trigger thoughts of Depressing 1980's decor, overweight fanny pack wearing gamblers & The over exuberant expressions of Donnie & Marie as they stared longingly into each others eyes trying to forget about that one night back in 77' when things went a little to far. But to the contrary I must say the Flamingo has really cleaned up its act. The new decor is nice and the casino floor is clean and 80% fanny pack clear. Now saying that I have yet to stay in a room, but I will say that , where as before I would've only taken a side chick I was slightly ashamed of. Now I would be ok with taking a side chick I was not ashamed of, as well as possibly a girl that I have been dating awhile, all the while  insisting "Why do we have to put labels on what we are" here without hesitation!All in all The Flamingo is an OK place with a GREAT location that I would recommend anyone walking the strip to try out. Hey, who knows you may finally be the first person to see Donnie and Marie finally consummate 35 years of tension and frustration!
4	I wanted a perfect diva on a budget place to stay for my birthday weekend and once I saw a picture of Flamingo's new black & pink rooms, I knew this was it.This was one of the cheapest places we could find and the location is PERFECT center strip.The outdoor pool area isn't super fancy but it's nice and wasn't insanely crowded.The rooms are average size but very classy with pink & black decor and black hardwood floors. It was a really fun place to hang out.I would definitely stay here again!
2	We def had to wait in line a good while to check in.  The line wrapped around the lobby at least three times. I read reviews about TVs in the bathroom mirror...but we did not have that. The room was pretty basic and it was supposed to be a deluxe king (we had two queens instead). The pillows feel short and kept slipping off the bed. The closet and bathroom were small but adequate. My room was $56 on week nights and over $100 on weekends. The resort fee was $25 for one day...which was nearly half of the room cost. They were working on the casino so whole sections had machines pulled out And caution tape roping it off. We spent all of our time in nicer casinos like Paris, Caesars, and others.
1	What a dump.  (Compared to all other hotel / casinos).  Don't let the pics fool you.  The old 70's casino tables and the mold in the bathrooms was enough for me.  Time for an extreme makeover..
5	Stayed at the Flamingo for my bachelorette. Prime location, decent rooms. We checked in late Friday afternoon so there was a line but it moved fast and staff were very attentive and sweet. Dennis was the sweetest guy ever, he checked us in and made sure we knew the best spots in town and gave us the fastest route to our room. Highly recommend!
2	Overall 2.5 starsPool 4 stars best part of the resort is the outside grounds and pools.You have to upgrade to a "go" room or else they put you in a room from 1975.  It was disgusting.  The go room wasn't amazing either, but clean.The hotel is nothing great, except for pool.
5	I love the area with all the animals! This a must-see when in Vegas. I love the koi and the flamingos. Just beautiful! It is great to see a hotel that has their namesake!
5	I love wildlife, fountains, greenery, and the color pink, so naturally I was charmed by this place when we found it by chance as we explored The Strip. The buffet is affordable, about 20 per person, and it has everything-- seafood, California rolls, American dishes, fruit, desserts, and all kinds of delicious items. The Wildlife Habitat right by the restaurant was enchanting. I saw flamingos (obviously), ducks, and even a BLACK swan swimming along with the bright-colored fishes. A true delight for the transcendentalist soul and photographers alike. I'd definitely consider staying here in the future.
1	This place is old and worn out. It reeks of cigarette smoke. If you check in at 4:30 pm, expect to stand in line for 2 hours. They also did something that really made me mad. Without disclosing to me at the time of booking or discussing with me at the time of check-in, I discovered when I got home and looked at the receipt they emailed me that they added a so-called "Resort Fee" of $22.40 per night to the bill. I have no idea what that was for and I am challenging it. This was my 4th time in Vegas. The other places I stayed at were the Excaliber, San Remo (now Hooter's) and MGM Grand. All prior experiences were fine/no issues.
1	Let me first preface this review by saying A-this was our first visit to Las Vegas and #2 we are not picky people at all, so that being said, I need to first apologize to the all the yelpers that posted a negative review of this place...I wrote you off as being super  picky complainers...for that I am sorry...I went, I saw..now I believe...everyone that posted a negative review was 100% right!!!So on to my experinces...1) Check in was a nightmare, there was a super long line, a couple of flustered peope behind the check out desk...but as I waited I drank...then drank some more...thank GOD for booze and I was feeling no pain after the almost 1.5 hours it took to get through the line and check in.2) Got to our room, seemed nice enough although not too clean...oh well..I'm not picky..I'll deal with it.  Wanted to take a shower after the flight and long check in prior to our dinner reservations, did not check for towels first, never had too before in any other hotel I stayed at, got into the shower and waited for hot water...waited for warm water, gave up and waited for luke warm water...semi tepid water...anything....water continued to be freezing cold after 25 mins of running it.I got out of the cold shower and noticed that there were no towels...like not even one...just a wash cloth.  Now I'm not a small girl...no way that wa going to cut it.  Had to get dressed while still totally wet.Dripping wet and cold I was still in a fairly jovial mood..I was in Vegas after all! nothing was going to get me down!!  Unfortunately that all changed when I attempted to speak to someone about the cold water.I spoke with Teresa who was supposed to be a manager, she was snippy and overtly rude and decidely uncaring about the situation.  Took me three more phone calls to get them to deal with the problem.Waited 20 mins, housekeeping finally arrived with towels-they seemed surprised that we would think that towels came with the room (?)Waited for the maintenance person who ran the water for another 20mins and then declared that no hot water was to be had in this room.We called the front desk again, they were very rude, told us that we would either need to move to the smoking room on the top floor or the wheelchair accessible room.  We choose that top floor as they said that it was an upgrade.I was mad that we would have to give up the King room we booked for a double queen....but beyond that they made the whole prcess of changing rooms such a pain, my good mood was gone at this point!!We were escorted by security to get our things, then back down to the front desk to collect our new room key...it was nuts and totally unessessary.  They were unapologietic about the whole matter...we just wanted our room!!3) We got to the new room and immediately I noticed that it had not been cleaned in some time, the light switches were flithy, the hair dryer did not work, there was a panty liner behind the bed (gross) along with an assortment of water bottle caps and huge dust bunnies.  The view was good as it was of the wheel, however there was not much else about the room that was positive.And once again there were no towels!!!!I set off on a mission to find a cleaner and more importantly a cleaning cart with supplies.  I spoke to the maid on the floor and explained what I found in our room, shesimply shrugged her shoulders and said that I could call the front desk.  Noting my terrible experience with them already, I decided to not call and take matters into my own hands.  I proceeded to help myslef to the fresh towels on the cart, and some cleaning supplies....YES ladies and gentlemen...I cleaned our friggin' room!!!!!  And let me say that I do take some pride in saying that I did a phemonimal job of it!!!!  They should hire me to train their housekeeping staff.4) We got up early the next day and did not return to our room until almost 6:30pm to shower and change for our evening out.....I could not believe it...no housekeeping staff had bothered to turn up!!!  no clean towels for our showers (we left the days previous towles in the bathtub as is customary to request fresh towels) Needless to say I set out on a mission again to find a cleaning cart.  Thankfully I found someone at teh end of the hall, I advised them that our room had not been cleaned...no fresh towels...and you guessed it...she didn't care.I took some towels off her cart, enough for the next two days...and stomped off.5) told the manager later at the front desk-someone named Josh-he apologized and comped us a free breakfast-thanks but doesnt make up for all the work cleaning I did...lol6) Be ready to be totally harrassed by a ton of people posing to be Flamigo hotel staff wanting to give you a "free gift" they are trying to sell time shares and sign you up for a 2+ hour presentation-THEY WILL NOT LEAVE YOU ALONE THE ENTIRE TIME AND ARE VERY AGGRESSIVE EVEN WHEN TOLD NO!
2	When gangster Bugsy Siegel opened The Flamingo in 1946 he envisioned a hotel with luxurious rooms, the best liquor and restaurants, a spa, and top rate entertainment at reasonable prices in the best building that money could buy. If Siegel could see what this hotel has degraded to he would probably beg you to shoot him in the face again. Thank god we only had to stay here for one night.Imagine a Super 8 or Motel 6 stacked twenty-eight times high with Donny and Marie's faces spray-painted on it. Now put the slowest elevators in the history of vertical transport inside the building and you'll start to get a clear picture of what this hotel is like. By slow, I mean it takes forever for an elevator to arrive. If I wasn't on the tenth floor I would have taken the stairs every time.The current incarnation of The Flamingo isn't 70 years old but if you saw the interior of our room you would think it was. If someone had told me that the building hadn't been renovated in decades I would have believed it. The vanity in the bathroom looked as though someone had scraped a wood planer across the front of it. The paint was also peeling off the bathroom ceiling and a floor tile was loose. The room had no fridge or microwave either. The best part of the whole experience was the lack of free wifi in the hotel. We walked through every major hotel and resort on the strip and every single one offers free wifi. The only way you get wifi for free here is if you pay a $25 resort fee. So it's not really free is it?The check-in process was a long, frustrating cattle call. It was like waiting to get on a ride at Disneyland. After spending 20 minutes in line we were "greeted" by a rude, abrupt, and indifferent clerk. She seemed like she was just "putting in her obligatory time" at the desk in hopes of getting an executive position.There was no 'Do Not Disturb' sign in the room so needless to say, housekeeping tried to enter the next morning. I don't know why they tried to come in at half-past ten because check-out is at 11:00. Why doesn't the housekeeping staff wait until you've checked out? It just seemed like they were trying to get us out of there sooner.This place is a dump. The Flamingo is riding on the coat tails of its former glory. Every other major hotel on the strip has it beat with superior amenities and service. We should have stayed in one of those. Lesson learned for next time.The only professional service we got was from the bell desk staff when we checked our bags. Totally personable, prompt, and laid back.Conrad Hilton and Bugsy Siegel are probably groaning in their graves with embarrassment over this place.
4	Pros: - Right in the middle of the strip.- Access to the monorail within the hotel.- The Fab Deluxe was clean and the beds were soft.- Cheapest Price in the Middle of the strip.- Rooms are well kept.- Margarita VilleCons:- Cellphone Reception in the rooms. (No signal in any of the rooms. Casino OK)- No Free Wifi for Suite Rooms. Wifi is bad and slow.- Buffet is weak and did not have much. (AVOID)- No good channels. (1) kids channel.- Room Service Ends at 9pm (Way too early) and starts at 6am.My review based on the Fab Deluxe Room.I stayed here on a Saturday and Sunday. Got here around 12pm and checked in early ($20 Fee). I ordered an extra bed ($60) and was given a room key and went into my room. The hallway seems a but rundown and the cieling is VERY low! (Anyone over 6" may have to duck a bit!) The room was well kept and very clean. (Exactly Like their Online Picture!). The TV was a small flat Screen with no good channels and 1 kids channel. Mostly they're advertisements. The bathroom was ok. Its a cookie cutter bathroom. (Same design as the rest of the Hotels). Beds are soft and comfortable and the pillows were fluffy!Room Service stops at 9pm and starts at 6am which is dissapointing compared to the 24 Hour Room Service at Hooters. Cellphone reception is TERRIBLE in the rooms! Using a Verizon Wireless Phone I could barely keep 4G (1 bar) in my room! Sometimes the signal drops all together. Inside the Casino its fine.Wifi is $12 for ONE DEVICE. The connection is slow and just logging in was a pain. Pass on the wifi.Their Buffet is terrible! (We had brunch) The selection was insulting to buffets. There were about 12 selections for food (Sausage, Hashbrowns, Bacon, Eggs Benedict) but over 25 selections for Salad toppings!!!! They did have a choclate fountain but it was not worth the $20 admission! Make a pass on this buffet.The Casino is the same as the rest.The flamingo has a Monorail station down the hall for easy access to all the strip and I highly recommend getting a pass when heading home as it will save you walking (Especially if youre at the edges of the strip!)Did not experience the pool because it was winter and I did not experience the Flamingo Garden walkway. Overall:4/5Great Location, Price, Monorail Stop location and Rooms...but terrible cellphone signal, wifi, and room service.
4	I don't get what all the negative reviews are about. Sure, the Flamingo isn't the most luxurious hotel in Vegas, but that's pretty clear upfront. You cannot beat the location and the restaurants/food court on the property have something for everyone. Our room was clean, had a decent view and we rarely had to wait for an elevator. A couple complaints: we paid a hefty resort fee and the pool was closed. We were able to use Paris' free of charge, but we were disappointed because we had heard Rave reviews of the Flamingo pool.We also received a noise complaint from hotel security at 1:30 am on a Friday night in Vegas. Lighten up people.Bottom line: If you're looking for a centrally located hotel on the Strip for a good price, the Flamingo is your place. Check in online for more speedy service upon arrival.
1	What is going on Flamingo? This has been our go to place several times a year for the past 5 years. Great location but the service has gone downhill!  Wed. before Thanksgiving, 1400 guests expected, yet only 3 people checking folks in. Line for keys was even longer!! Took longer than usual to get our baggage, got to room and keys not working. Stay tuned for room rating...
2	At Flamingo, the only thing they have going for it is the central location on the strip.  Am glad we only spent one night here because the Hilton Grand Vacation Flamingo wasn't available on the Friday evening.  I booked Flamingo using AirMiles and this may have influenced the room we got.  When I booked, I requested an early check in and a non smoking room.The night before we checked in, I went to ask about the early check in.  I was told that early check in would result in a charge of $20-30 (I can't recall the exact amounts) depending if we wanted to check in before or after 12PM.  It wasn't worth paying extra so we went to check in at 4:30PM after their 4PM time.  Be prepared to line up.  The estimated time was about half an hour but at least they offered small bottled water.We checked in and waited by the elevators.  The elevators are sloooooow and not just during check in (Waited at least 5 minutes at 10PM and 9AM).  There are 2 sets of elevators, with the one set saying it will go down only (there are 4 elevators and they are used by staff but they are faster than the other ones so I recommend going down from your room using these ones).  Some of the elevators like to rock and roll but don't worry, this seems to be normal.Our room, 10062, was the first one at the end of the hallway.  I wasn't sure how noisy it would be but luckily it wasn't too bad.  Being spoiled by HGV stay, we didn't appreciate there was no mini fridge, no free wifi anywhere in the hotel/casino, and an old room.  The bathoom vanity has paint peeling off, dresser and desk had knicks, and grout in bathtub.  I wasn't sure if we paid the resort fee as we did have to pay fee and taxes booking using AirMiles so I called to ask but we didn't.  I think the fee is only for wifi for one device/room which doesn't make sense.  The worst issue was the loud hum when it was time to sleep.  It sounded like an engine and luckily I was able to fall asleep with this noise.  When I woke up, there was no hum.  We didn't want to bother lining up again to check out so we did so via the TV system for self check out.Yes, the hotel room is only to sleep in but when I'm on vacation, I want to be comfortable and well rested.  Makes it difficult to do that when they don't offer the amenities to enjoy the stay.  I noticed the receipt of people in front of us at the bag drop off and couldn't believe they paid more than $170 Canadian to stay in this hotel.  With so many other hotels nearby, I would never stay here again.
1	Worst hotel experience ever, do not come here during thanksgiving, the check in wait can be anywhere from 2-5hours. 15 check in counters with only 3 people doing check in. No care for customers and the worst customer retention strategy ever!
1	it sucks. You have to wait at least 2 hours at midnight on thanksgiving vacation. They don't give their customer a shit
1	4 hour wait just to check in.  When I book a hotel, I expect to be able to sleep there, but they've kept everyone waiting past 4am.  Ridiculous.
4	Updated room.. liked the tv in the bathroom.  Had a good time.
3	Not a bad hotel, but it's not the great place some people rave about. You get what you pay for $40/Night.On the positive-great location, in the middle of everything. It is the most centrally located hotel in the stip.I was pleasantly surprised at how nice the staff members were--I was bracing myself for battle after reading other people's reviews. Good food at Carlos and Charlies. If you want a midnight snack, the food court is good, decent; however, it is a little expensive. Negative-the bathrooms in the guest rooms do need some serious work-rust and mold all over the shower area. It appears very insanitary. I have to request my room to be serviced, refreshed two consecutive days by mid evening--housekeeping seems to be unreliable. Paper thin walls-get prepared to listen to everything from your neighbor's room--no joke on this one. I am not sure if I would pay for the buffet; I am glad we got free passes from the conference organizer.
2	I love staying at the Flamingo, but this last visit was less than satisfactory. Room 11050 needs some attention. The bed was horrific! 2 nights on that bed, and I'm experiencing back pain n aches! The bathroom is super small with a little round mirror in the bathroom... Hard for 2 people to get ready at the same time.  I love the updated decor, but decor isn't comfortable... Update your beds at the very least!
1	Dont ever go there gamble.I go there for blackjack on my 21st birthday on Nov 26,2014, 11:30pm. The manager looks fucking upset and ask me do not win anymore...for three times... every time he pass by.  WTFi leave immediately. Fuck you.   If you cant lose, close the casino or quit your risk job. Never go back again.
4	If you are going to Vegas and not looking to impress anyone then the Flamingo is your place. The check in was easy and the room we had was average but clean. The Flamingo is easy to get around and the location is great. After a night of drinking the food court was decent but what food isn't bad when you are drunk. In closing I would stay at the Flamingo again for the price and location. No thrills but had a good weekend there.
1	Yeah it's close to everything but the rooms aresuper dirty. I would never sleep in this hotel again.
4	You can't beat the location and price of the Flamingo.  It's right on the new LINQ promenade, which is full of great restaurants, bars, and shops.  In addition, there's the amazing High Roller observation wheel.  We stayed in a FAB room, which had a nicely renovated main room.  However, the bathrooms needed a little "love" -- rusted door hinges, slight water damage to the door, and peeling paint.  Service checking in and out was very straightforward and friendly.  Overall, very pleased with my stay!Tip: If you arrive early but want to avoid the early check-in fee and long lines at 4pm - start the check in process and check your bags at the bell desk.  Definitely make it clear that you are NOT fully checking in and that you will get your keys at 4pm.  Double check that the charge is not applied.  Come back at 4pm and go straight to the "keys & mail" line.  You can then pick up your keys, call the bell desk from your room and have them sent directly to you!
2	Never thought we need to pay to print boarding passes here been in most of the hotel elsewhere where the printing service is free.  hotel room looks ok. Newly renovated but the bathroom needs a major upgrade. price is very resonable for what your going to get so dont expect to much. I would recomend the hotel if your traveling in a budget. And not looking for much. Front desk staff looks very serious and are not very welcoming. Except for brian who checks us in Very sencere and polite. Over all my experience with the hotel was ok.
1	No stars. Absolutely the worst stay I have ever had.  Turned down the covers to go to bed only to find the sheets were covered in human hair. Not just a couple,  but hundreds.  It's like the hairiest man slept in them the night before and they forgot to change them. They just made the bed.  I took pictures to prove it.  I called customer services who said they would send someone to change them. After an hour wait, the maid finally showed up.  We watched as she tried out three other sets of sheets but pulled them off when she saw they were also dirty.  Finally she found some that appeared to be clean and finished making the bed.  After she left we checked the sheets and the did appear to be clean,  although I have my doubts they were. Customer service gave us a food credit of $30 for our troubles, but when I checked out I found out the credit was not good for the places we ate. At the time we ate we were told the meal was charged to the room, so we thought we were good to go. What a big suprize to find out we weren't.  So we weren't able to use the credit, and it actually cost us more. The room was booked through my company for a convention, otherwise my wife and I  would have left and found a room elsewhere.  I can promise that I will never stay at the flamingo again.  It's a filthy dirty run down mess.  Nothing in the rooms say luxury.  If you don't believe me,  just look at the pictures. If you do decide to stay here,  you've got to check the sheets!
1	This is a review of the Flamingo Valet!!! They are terrible... It took almost 30 minutes to get my car as I didn't have an option to park in their lot! I'm diamond and it shouldn't take more than 10 minutes! Then I ask to follow up on my car and they don't even have the nerve to admit that my car fell through the cracks! But they tell my wife what a bunch of morons!!!Again this is a review for the valet only!!!
5	Stay Here everytime I make a trip to Vegas! Love the restaurants on the property and not to mention the great rooms! Never had a complaint... If you're complaining about the rooms looking low end maybe thats because you're in Vegas and you need to spend a bit more and maybe upgrade a few floors because the new upgraded rooms are amazing!!
1	If I would've known I was gonna stay in a peasant hotel when I went to Vegas, I would've gone to Reno instead.This place sucks. First, they charged us some crazy deposit for God knows what. Luckily, they put the money back in my friends account like 5 days later, so that was an early Christmas present for her.Our room was so janky.  I bet you $100 you couldn't find ONE THING in our room that didn't have a stain on it. That would be the only bet I would've won in Vegas. Was someone murdered in that room!? Our toilet paper holder was a PEN. Seriously, our TP was being held up by a freaking PEN! I can't even begin to talk about the lighting in this room. Our selfies made us look so basic. And one thing we are not, is basic. And there was a SERIOUS lack of outlets in there. So I had to charge my phone like a mile away from my bed.They have a food court, but I'm pretty sure I can find better food at a soup kitchen.I won't be staying here again because I am a princess. But peasants, feel free! This place is your Nirvana.
1	It took me two weeks to write this review because I was literally seething with hate fire for so long after staying here. First of all, this hotel has two sides: The Donnie and Marie Pink and White Fun Time side and the Peasants covered in basic b*tch side. Guess which side the happy customers are on? Not our side, I'll tell you that. It was like everywhere else was covered in shiny pretty lit-up glitter and fascinating lights and then you walk into the dust covered, faded eyesore that is the Flamingo and you're like I have to stay here?!. The check-in line was relatively quick, albeit it was Thanksgiving and most people were not traveling. It was also really cool how nonchalantly the check-in girl told me that they did not have the room we reserved 3 months ago, and they had no more non-smoking rooms left, but she would upgrade us to a bigger room with "great view.", oh and the list of fees on my reservation failed to include the insane deposit fees which cost more than my room! Like how do they even do the training for that? I just picture some cheapo slimeball like, here's what you want to do, you want to subtly tell them something that can ruin their vacation, but present the info to them with the tone of voice that says 'hey, its no big deal.' @#!@#!$@#!@^&%^% And the wifi isn't even easy to use and can only accommodate one person. And the resort fees are for nothing. You are paying for wifi and a gym that doesn't even seem to be anywhere in the entire resort.The "great view" was of the lobby's roof and the pool that is shut down for the season. La di da. And this room was gross. And it was tiny. I had to clean my own toilet because their incompetent staff failed to do an adequate job. The toilet paper itself was held, not on a roll, but on a flamingo pen. WTF?!?!?! The bathroom isn't even big enough for two people to get ready, like helllooo Vegas? That is part of the fun and you're shitting on it. The shower curtain had super gross mold on it. EWWWW. The pillow and sheets didn't even look like they had been changed. There were stains on every surface in the room. Sheets, pillows, tub, toilet, walls. Grossss. Everything in the room was unplugged when we got in, we had to plug all our own lights in in the dark using the flash lights on our phones. There definitely weren't outlets in the room. I had to plug my phone in on the other side like a freaking common peasant and then get up every time I needed to check something. Basically impossible when you've been having fun all night in Vegas. And their room service menu was insulting. I must have reread it like 17 times in the hopes that something appetizing would appear. It was a joke. And their food court -OH MY GOD - if I never see another Johnny Rockets burger again it will be too soon. They only had Johnny Rockets, some not Panda Express type place, a pizza place that doesn't even serve Pizza all the time and the strips most okayest wrap place, I think that place had about a million things on its menu, but I don't have time to read a novel when I'm hungover so I just stuck with the basics. The food was all awful. It was like two parts grease for all parts anything else. Eating it was a chore and I will tell you the greasy BS theyre passing off as food won every time because I could not finish any of it. Nothing tasted even remotely fresh and to be honest, I've had better tasting experiences at McDonalds.I hated this hotel. Thinking about it makes me bitter. I'll do whatever it takes to never stay here again. I can't.
2	Staying there was not horrible however we won't stay there again. It's just old and needs to be renovated. Most of the staff was nice. The restaurants are average, nothing special. It's was relatively clean. Beware of the carpeting in the hallways, it's so old and stretched out that the wrinkles are about 2" high and could be a hazard for the elderly and disabled.
4	We get what we pay for... and then some! Considering the low price, I find the customer service here top-notch. Every employee we encountered was helpful and courteous. We're very familiar with the strip, and knew upon arrival that the Flamingo isn't the newest hotel around. The pools here are beautiful, and you can't beat the location on the strip. They upgraded our room to a strip view that beat any of the views at the suites we've had at Monte Carlo, Mandalay Bay or Treasure Island.We had a Go Deluxe room, and the upgrades are a little odd. The refrigerator sits on the floor and it's strange that you can see beneath the sink. However- the upgraded shower is a blast! All-in-all, it's just a room, but the hotel is such an icon on the strip; we really enjoyed staying here. If you're looking for a luxury experience, go for a newer hotel, or something more expensive. If you're looking to add an extra Las Vegas trip into the year, and don't spend a ton of time in your room, enjoy your stay here!
1	I give the Flamingo Las Vegas zero stars!I stayed here earlier in the year, and had a gift certificate for a FREE room for two nights in December. When I called to book my FREE room for December 14 and 15, I was told the price for the FREE room was $56. When I questioned paying $56 for a FREE room, I was told the room was in fact FREE, but the fees involved totaled $56.Personally, I consider the "resort" fee of $25 per night charged by the Flamingo to be a junk fee and I won't pay it. Caution: Make sure and look carefully at the small print when booking a reservation at the Flamingo. Like a FREE lunch, a FREE room is not FREE at the Flamingo.John HowardOxnard, CA
5	Stayed over the weekend in a go room it was great! Had a great experiance with check in. Checked in online requested a early check in and the room was ready 2 hours earlier then planned! Room was clean and stocked the only complaint was the club next door was a bit loud and you can hear it. Everyone complains about resort fees but they're pretty standard and upfront about it
4	I went to Vegas this past weekend (Dec 12th through 15th) and stayed at the Flamingo. I walked through the lobbys of a few other hotels and though the flamingo isn't as impressive as some of the others, for the price and location it's definitely worth staying. I stayed in room with a king bed for a total of just under $200 for the ENTIRE stay. I got the reservation through some sketchy seeming website I was directed to from one of the bigger travel websites. My view from my room wasn't great (probably because of the price) but honestly, I had a great time and "enjoyed" the room about as much as you can enjoy a hotel room. The next time I go to vegas, I'll definitely be staying at the Flamingo. If you're looking for a super luxiourous room, the flamingo, or at least the type of room I stayed in (I think it was called a deluxe king), might not be for you. BUT if you are looking for a relatively inexpensive hotel, in the middle of the strip, with a nice staff, and a comfy bed then this is definitely for you. Besides, most of your vegas stay should be spent outside the room anyway.
2	I usually stay in a Go or Go Deluxe room but was trying to save some money during Frozen Fury (October).  We decided to go with a normal Fab Deluxe room due to the savings it would lend us.  BIG MISTAKE.  We were in the Habitat Tower and were overlooking the Linq.  The noise from the Linq made it nearly impossible to sleep.  I called housekeeping to request ear plugs, but they don't carry them.... I could purchase them at their convenient store though.  The bathroom was also in desperate need of a remodel!  The beds and pillows were SO uncomfortable too! The elevator up was nice enough, but once you got to the hallway you could tell it had not been updated in at least 15-20 years.  The carpet was rippled and you could literally trip on the bunched areas.  Our ice maker didn't work and it was just one huge pain in the butt.This last stay was the worst ever in Vegas.  We ended up checking out at 4:00am just so we could get home to CA to get a good sleep.  I have never actually wanted to leave Vegas until this trip.
1	Getting worse by each year. Feels like Las Vegas it self getting worse and worse each year. Not so friendly staff at the registration, very confusing choises of the rooms, at the booking asks check in preferences, not telling you early check in fees, once you at the registration 20 usd more for getting your room early. We were at 2 pm. Have to be there 4 pm but check out  at 11 am. Rooms stinked like toilet. Had to switch 3 rooms. It took me 2 hours. Until we get settled which it was already 4 pm. Service is 0. But seems like each request gets you 20 usd more cost at the guest services.
1	We reserved the room online however the room "could not be guaranteed" by the hotel.  They could not even put us in a similar room but instead gave us a petstay room which smelled like pee we didn't even have pets!  We asked for another room but again they could not help us. We picked to stay at the flamingo because of the pictures online but inside the room is a dufferent story the wifi dose not work and the cable is snowy and also surprise.. the updated cd radio in the room also dose not work! The bathrooms were dirty and theres no working fan. Gross. We had a horrible experience with this hotel and its staff.  We will NEVER stay there again!!
4	I was pleasantly surprised by how much I enjoyed staying here. Flamingo the top choice for my parents (they get comped by Harrah's) and even though the hotel is old, it has a lot of things working in its favor.First, the rooms have been renovated. I'm not sure what our room was called, but judging from the pictures it wasn't a Go Room. We had a desk, king size bed, vinyl floors, and a chaise lounge that faced their flamingo habitat.Location is the next thing in their favor. You're pretty much in the middle of strip and it's a quick walk to the other big draw casinos like Bellagio and Planet Hollywood (hey, Britney!).The resort fee is borderline ridiculous. It basically doubled our bill and covered wifi and a daily pass to the fitness center. You could only connect one device at a time to the wifi, so it wasn't as convenient as it could have been. Plus, the TV sucks and it would have been nice to have the option to stream something.
2	This hotel needs to be renovated and maintained.  The hallway rugs need stretching and cleaning.  Our room was clean. The shower spout put more water in the tub then in the actual shower head. The sink was cracked. The floors are laminated and are actually quite boring an drab. Outside the property the area is strewn with garbage. Do yourself a favor and stay someplace else.
4	Decided to try this place despite the negative reviews.The friendly lady who checked us in upgraded us to a room on the 27th floor at no extra charge (forgot her name, it sounded middle eastern though). No, the hallway was not smelly. Yes, we could see the linq ride to the right of our window and no it was not noisy. Yes, the sink did take a long time to drain and the shower head needs to be replaced or adjusted. But other than that it was pleasant. The room was spacious and fairly clean. One star off for the sink that gave off a dirty fishtank smell and the broken iron that leaked water on your clothes. Don't expect to be amazed or impressed by this average hotel. You don't come to Vegas to stay in your room all day do you? After all, if you expect luxury maybe you should shell out thousands for an upper class hotel and stop complaining el oh el. Stayed here last weekend. Paid 140ish for 2 nights. Paid a 100 dollar deposit on check in and got it back in a few days.
2	Meh. I wouldn't say we got a deal on the two rooms I booked - two rooms for two nights cost over $325 total, and I had to cough up another $312 when I checked in for these two rooms ($100 per room deposit - even though I used a major credit card? And $28 per room per night resort fee). Granted, I got the $200 back when I checked out but still. This was the weekend after Christmas. The gentleman who checked us in was very nice and helpful. Like the other have said, check in at 4pm, the line is LONG. They used to have check In kiosks, not anymore. The rooms were basic. Like others said, paint chipping off the walls. In my brothers room a piece of the headboard had broken off before they got to the room and the appropriate solution was to just prop it against the wall. Thought we would give it a try since we allegedly had gotten "Black Friday" deals on our rooms. Think we may stick with our tried and true next time.
5	For being in the middle of the strip and the price they want, how can someone NOT stay here? Not to mention the rooms are really nice! My husband and I booked our minimoon here over the weekend before Christmas. I love Vegas during Christmas time, its so pretty! The rooms are great, we stayed in a general 2 queen beds room and now a Go-deluxe room. The deluxe room is our favorite. The bed was like sleeping on a cloud the entire time. We kept the room about 65, it was perfect! The blinds are on a switch so that was pretty cool, we had a great view of the Bellagio fountains, and the room was huge!This has become one of our go-to spots in Vegas.
1	Worst hotel on the strip. Once I checked in, they told me that they were still cleaning the room and would call me after. It's been 3 hours of waiting. Do not recommend this hotel. I would rather stay at motel 6. Pathetic
4	I am very happy with my visit with Flamingo. With the rewards I got from my WIP (work in progress) gambling addiction, I was able to get 3 free nights during my Las Vegas stay. This is a great location located in the middle of the strip. You can walk to just about any casino INCLUDING planet hollywood to see Britney Spears. Yay! This hotel is a much nicer than what I would except. The room I stayed in was remodeled with faux wood. Pretty nice faux wood though! The view on the upper floors are great. 2 complaints though. The resort fee is a joke. Almost $100 for my my resort fees after 4 nights. My final complaint is that you can only log 1 device to their wifi. Pick wisely on which device you want to stream n=N etflix on.
2	Second time staying in the flamingo. First trip was with friends: had a good room which had a couch and everything. Super comfortable and had a great time. Would have ranked that experience 4.5/5. The customer service was great and the upgraded us and everything.External: 1/5- The exterior of the hotel is quite large making it very easy to find on the strip. It's not the tallest or the biggest building, but it's probably the oldest. All signs lead to flamingo. The outside is kinda weird looking with a really old Donny and Marie signage. Being in the middle of ceaser's, the linq and Cromwell: all of which are new or really luxurious make flamingo look like a dump.Internal:2/5Casino floor not much better. The check-In area looks fine, but the garage looks HORRIBLE: and there's never enough parking. The casino floor has this horrible orange carpeting. The floors themselves aren't much better. The elevators are missing floor labels AND buttons! WHAT? The first habitat elevator on the left didn't have a button to get to the 17th floor, so we had to wait for another elevator...Service: 3/5- It was great when I needed it, but the fact that I had to need it was a problem. First, housekeeping didn't clean our room so we had to request it at 10pm when we got back. Of course that ment we have to find something to do during that time.- The wifi is horrible and the fact that we have to pay a resort fee for it is also a huge scam. -Uponcheck out I used $90 in comps to pay my room. I had like $20 bucks left and The guy just took the rest off, so the room was essentially entirely free. THANKS!Rooms: 2/5 (Double bed high roller view deluxe...)-the toilet had a water problem and kept draining. Super loud and the water smelled like sewer water. Ugh.-Plasma screen TV, fully functioning and quiet heater. -the room was FREEZING when the heater wasn't on and they turned it off during cleaning so we always came back to a freezing room.-not enough outlets: we had to unplug some of their stuff so we could charge our things.-horrible cellphone reception for ATT and Sprint- the first time I stayed here the rooms looked much better with funky pink shag carpeting and accents on the beds. They were unique and very flamingo. This time we had bare essentials.- Standard amenities. Nothing here blew my mind, but nothing was subpar either. -NOT enough lighting! NO NO NO. Biggest complain is that it was REALLY dark. The curtains do a great job of blocking everything out through. Oversleeping is easy.Food: 3.5/5- there's a small cafe by the elevator that serves the greasiest pizza known to man. The cheese falls right off the pizza: basically liquid.- the food court is decent. Johnny Rockets is nice and has good service at a decent price. Didn't do buffet.- Everything is 24/7: best part.Casino Floor: 2/5-nothing was hitting and the wait staff was pretty rude.- Margaritaville in fact did not have the $5 advertised craps or blackjack tables. And yes, we were there on weekdays.- cages are pretty efficient. Though they feel the need to ID people to cash out if they look young... This is a first for me.-best bet is to just play next door at Cromwell. Everything there is new and clean and professional with similar table minimums. Overall not a good trip by any means. Sorry flamingo, you've lost me.
4	Staying here for NYE. So far, except for the parking situation, the Flamingo has been a pleasant surprise. I have a Go room with a view of the High Roller. The room is excellent. Maybe the best non-suite I have ever had in LV. The room is spacious with a great bed, big closet, and nice bathroom. But yes, the sink drains slow. The casino is just okay. It is a little run down and the crowd includes some people you may not want to hang with. I guess that's the price you pay for a $10 craps table.
1	It took my wife and I one hour to check it. We walked into our first room to find the bed without sheets. We first thought, no problem lets call the front desk and get someone up here ASAP. After waiting 40 mins for someone to bring the sheets, we called the front desk and asked for another room. We got the other room BUT our keys didn't open the room. We finally got everything worked out but it took too long.
5	Love this casino, too much fun, great customer service. Cocktail waitress so funny and actually are not stuck as the other ones. Security really nice and not rude as others. Such a good vibe.
1	No stars ! We stayed at the Flamingo and so regret it!! Their beds have BED BUGS !! Thats right BED BUGS! My husband and I booked a suite and aparently they gave us a suite that had not been renovated.  The room was dingy, it looked like it was done in the 60s and was forgoten. I laid down on the bed only for 1hour and was bitten 3times!! I was so disgusted! I got up and saw  bed bugs on top of the sheets. I took like 3 hot showers bc I was so grossed out! When we called to report it they took 1 hour to move us to another room. They moved us 1 floor down into another ugly not revonated room. I called and told them to move me bc I was not going to stay in a dingy room with bed bugs. They took another hour just to move me into another room. No apologies they just sent bell boy with the new keys. A total of 3 hours to address!   The new room was better but I was already grossed out and disgusteted by the bed bugs in the first 2 rooms that I could not sleep all night. I was also disgusted by the poor customer service and poor standards.  Check your bed folks!
2	The first room we were given had used soap and hair all over the floor and toilet in the bathroom.  We immediately called to complain and it took a bellman about 30 minutes to bring a key to another room. The second room was smaller, but at least it was clean. These were both Fab rooms. The second night we were there the fire alarm went off at about 1:30 am and stayed on for about 15 minutes. Check in took at least 30 minutes.  One good thing: the cocktail waitresses kept the drinks coming in the casino.
1	I WOULD NEVER EVER STAY IN THIS HOTEL. We got this hotel for the new year night on Priceline and it was indeed awful. First of all the har he's us $300 for that smelly dirty room. They charges us extra $15 for changing from single king bed  two a double-queen room, that never happened to me and I have traveled around the world. See the attached pictures, the wallpapers were coming off, the door to the next room had suck a huge opening that we could hear people from the other room next to us. The elevator buttons faceplate was broken and could be a child hazard. The carpet was super dirty and smelly. The shower and towels were old and yellowish because of their age. There was no fridge in the room nor a coffee maker. I think they don't bother repairing anything because of their location but there are so many good hotels around to stay than their stinky dirty hotel. Do not stay here even if Priceline gives it to you. $300 freaking $$ was a lot of money for that dumpster.
4	Was affordable and right on the strip.  Room had clearly seen better days but was clean and we had a great view.  Definitely recommend, good hotel and casino on a budget!
1	Stay away during holiday and/or peak seasons. You will be disappointed. Simply put. They can't handle the volume. We had reservations and couldn't find a place to park. Valet was not even available. My husband dropped me off so I could check in and the reservation specialist wouldn't give me the keys because he said my name was not on the reservation even though I had a confirmation number, my husband's credit card and other qualifying information. It took over an hour to check in and the room was nowhere near as nice as the pictures on their website. What's worst was the ambivalence of the manager Jarrod. He said this is the norm for the hotel and literally offered no recourse. Jamison, a regular employee over heard the manager speak to us and pushed him to offer something in exchange for a very bad experience. Very odd customer service. This was truly a disaster especially after driving 4+hours to get to the hotel. I know Vegas is all about the money, but your reputation goes farther than the dollar bill. I suggest spending your money where it'll be valued and appreciated all the way. OH BY THE WAY....They get you on their rooms. Unless you initially request it, you will get one of their old antiquated rooms which are absolutely gross. We had two of them and one room had cum stains on the sofa. When Jarrod upgraded us, he said the new suites are investigated by management. He's absolutely correct because there was a BIG difference in the level of cleanliness from the upgraded suites to their traditional rooms. Boy I tell you, this hotel has serious game. Never again will I stay here.
2	Really love the pool at this hotel,  but the rest of it is sadly lacking.  Good luck getting a cocktail waitress....2 elevators got stuck during my 3 night stay,  and the food court is atrocious.  Didn't go to the buffet this trip because last time the staff was rude and the food was mediocre.  Please see photo ofroom sign, it's backwards! Numbers and rooms should go up,  not down, it's very confusing.  Ugh.  Back to Planet Hollywood next trip.
1	First off, I've cancelled my reservation with them out of frustration from their lies. I booked a room through their website because of their "Best Rate Guarantee" promise. Having gone through all the hoops they make you jump through to beat the competitor pricing by 20%, I've found that their promise is a load of crap. Despite me sending the requested evidence, apparently the time stamp on the bottom of the page when you print from a website is not a legitimate time stamp because "it shows when you printed it, not when the deal was active" on the competitor site. This is so BS!!! How else am I supposed to show a time stamp??!!!! How else can I print out a deal from a website unless that deal was currently active!???Worst customer experience ever!!
1	Worst Shit I have ever been to in my life there was 1 hour wait for valet parking then there was a 3 hour wait to register then didn't even allow me to use my military discount ... I will never come here again I will tell all my friends about the bullshit they pulled .
1	Stayed here and have major concerns about management and house keeping. They do not have enough parking for the hotel guests. Valet was totally full, and It took me over 30 minutes to self park. The first room I received had antiquated furniture,   floors, wall stains and the bedspread spread was not cleaned properly. All issues were finally resolved but it was way more draining to stay here for a "vacation" than it should have been. If you choose to stay here, be sure to ask the front desk staff for a renovated room.Other items to note is they did not have 24 hour room service. Room service closed at some ridiculously early time.Considering this hotel has been open since the 40's they should have had ample time to have all these rooms renovated and parking situations fixed by now.
1	Stayed for New Years 2015 and a couple of us from our group got stuff stolen while our items were at the Bell hop waiting. We left our stuff there while having breakfast before leaving.  Someone actually went in and stuffed our luggage with blankets and took out our expensive winter coats to fill in the space. Valet was also a ridiculous mess. Upon filing a complaint/report, I got nothing but "filed paper!" For future trips, I'd rather stay at a motel off the strip than at Flamingo! If you decide to stay, please check all your bags before leaving. Unfortunately for us, New Year's was crazy and we checked out with stolen valuables.
1	Really bad parking more than one hour to get a space , from 1st floor to 4th floor it's all reserved for valet parking & hertz rental , then one of the elevator is really bad ( left side )
1	The worst experience I've ever had in Las Vegas not clean elevator keeps sucking no signs to help people this is the real worst experience for me I've been going to Vegas a lot every time I visit a new hotel and casino to see which one is the best so far I will never come back here I don't recommend this place
1	This place was AWFUL! Let's start at the beginning:  the first evening as I went to get ready for a night out I discovered the shower had little to no water pressure, so my beautification ritual didn't go smoothly. After we returned at 1 am ( been up since 5 traveling) we couldn't sleep because the people in tedium next door were having A party in the hallway. I couldn't call security because our phone was out, the entire time we were there. after a sleepless night we went to the cafe for breakfast but it was so bad I set my food back and just has coffee.  By the second day we were miserable. Unshowered and unrested we were very grumpy. First vacation we've taken in 10 yrs. The party next door continues until 7 AM the next day. When we got up that morning there was garbage, including an overturned plate of honest food strewn across the hallway. It sat for hoursThe elevators were a whole othe issue as well. Rickety and sketchy describe them best. At one point a little girl was crying to her parents "I don't want to get in here!". They were filthy as well, garbage and cigs just sat there. The 3rd night we switched rooms due to our unruly neighbors. The water pressure was better, but partway through my shower I discovered some goo on the shower curtain. I'm pretty sure it was vomit. So I jumped out of the first good shower I'd had in 3 days. when we went to bed, exhausted, we discovered the heater only blew ice cold air. We turned it off and called for extra blankets. 40 min later I had to call again. I wouldn't stay here again if they gave me a free week.
1	Horrible rooms. Front desk takes over an hour to get checked in. Not worth it with all the properties in Vegas.
1	first of all.. elevators in the garage is very shaky, felt like the elevators were going to break down at any second. 2nd, my room was on the 11th floor, and literally half of the elevators didn't work. Every time I pressed the down button, and it didn't do anything, ended up waiting for 15 minutes, so I had to goto the other side to use the elevators. Very very inconvenient. I don't think I'm ever going to stay in this hotel again
4	Me and girlfriends stayed at the Flamingo for my BIrthday(1/2/15-1/4/15) after finding a good price for a GO Room with a Strip View on EasyClickTravel. So I'll give the upsides and downsides of staying at the FlamingoCons:1.Parking was impossible to find at first. The parking structure is limited and we couldn't find additional parking at first but after calling we were told to go to the Valet and that it was free to use that. This was good and we were lucky because I think they cut the Valet off right after us. 2. After waiting so long for parking we went to get in line to check in and the line was all the way down to the end of the shops. The lady in front of us said there was a 2 hour wait but then the manager told us that they had just put all check in attendants and managers on the floor to help speed up check in so we really only waited 40  minutes which still sucked but was way better than 2 hours. 3. The elevators were stopping on every floor. It sucked cause we were all the way on the 20th floor but we did meet some cute guys on them so being stuck on a elevator ride with them wasn't too bad lol. I also dont think that some of the elevators were working. It was kind of funny because by the end of the weekend there was a kind of comraderie between the guests when an elevator would finally come or when  we would skip some floors. Pros- 1. My go room was upgraded to a higher floor once I mentioned that it was my bday and the view was amaxing. I watched the Bellagio fountains several times from our rooms.2. Everyone from the customer service desk to the bellhops were very friendly and good customer service is always a plus. One of the workers ( with fab eyebrows btw) saw me and my girls were getting ready to go out and told us some of the good clubs to check out. And our first bellhop told us some good sights to see like to Gold wall at the Mandarin Oriental and the Chandelier in the Cosmopolitan. 3. The room was amazing. From what I understand the Go rooms and the Suites have have been remodeled recently. Our room was so cute! I loved the moving curtains that I could control from my bed and the tv in the bathroom . But the piece de resistance was the bed. It was like sleeping on a cloud. I wanted to pack that bed up and take it home with me .Overall me and my girls all agreed that we would stay at the Flamingo again. You can't be the Location and the price of this Hotel. I would definintely recommend getting a GO Room. There are some kinks to work out here and I hope their elevators get worked on when we come back to Vegas in May.
3	Rather dated, but clean enough, doesn't smell like smoke or old person. Room service is only available until 1pm, not cool when you are here for business and need to get work done. Check in is also rather slow.
1	Last year I gave this hotel a good review. Time have changed lol. I booked this hotel for a room on Jan 2 2015. I booked the hotel due to everybody in my group staying at the hotel and since I'm part of Total Rewards I would love the points as well. Arrive to the hotel around 9 and informed that they are overbooked and don't have room for me and they would have to move me to the Linq. No discount No comps No Nothing offered for the inconvenience. Just directions to walk across the street to stay at a hotel that I didn't want to.  Going to vegas alot (as you can see from my past reviews) I've always stayed at total reward hotels. That very well could change
1	AWFUL!!! Stay away! When you have out- dated rooms and moldy bathrooms, you should make up for it with awesome customer service or something else, but not the Flamingo! They definitely have a monopoly on all things crappy!Came here for a bachelorette and they gave us rooms light years away from each other even though we had called earlier to request something together and they said not to worry, to just request it at check-in and it shouldn't be a problem. Then at check-in they tell us we should have called earlier to request connecting or close rooms. Sigh.It was like two separate bachelorette parties. Although probably not the biggest thing to worry about, was frustrating. And compounded by the fact they were not apologetic or remorseful at all for their stupidity and laissez-faire business approach.
1	I didn't enjoy my stay at Flamingo. The hotel is quiet old and out dated. I booked the room through priceline and went there are a night. The start was a maze as I went rounds and rounds trying to find their entrance to self parking. Once in the hotel feels very old.We got a room on the second floor which was too loud as the side street had loud music going on pretty much all night. The room was basic and the washroom was old.The resort fee was ridiculous as there was nothing beneficial or free. The Wifi was free only for one device and you had to go through the registration process. They do have some birds like flamingos and parrots which was quite good.
4	I went with my family for new year and we had a good time in this hotel. this first two nights we had the nice view of the flamingo pool and garden and the last two nights we got a different room which had a beautiful view of the strip. We had a beautiful view of caesars palace. the room was nice and neat. the only problem with this hotel was the location of the elevators.. we had to pass through the casino in order to get to the elevators which was not very convenient. that's the only reason I gave 4 star.
2	Do yourself a favor and don't stay here. When entering the hotel from self parking you are welcomed by graffiti and a dreary hallway. After a 40 min wait at check in I was notified that the room was sold out. I was put in a smoking room that smelled like the inside of an ashtray, when I had requested non-smoking. Customer service was poor in addressing the issue.
