4	As far as Buffets in Vegas, they say this is the best.  So I had to check it out for myself.  Surprisingly, even if you're trying to watch what you eat like i am (and I went to a buffet?), you can find many options.I give it a 4 stars rating because of the crab!  Delicious!  And definitely we got our money's worth!  I also like the hazelnut italian ice cream and the dim sum was heavenly!!Hey, if i'm gonna cheat on my diet, i might as well go all out!!
5	I don't care what anyone says.  This is the best buffet in Las Vegas.  The Aladdin is supposedly the new king (which is verified by some of my close friends), but I don't care.  I went there, and the Rio is still the best for the money.  It's cheaper, and the variety of food is greater.  The crab is better, which is what counts to me.  There are more crab stations than any other buffet, there's a smaller crab line, and the crab needs to be cracked by yours truly (which is probably why less people eat it).  In swankier buffets, the crab is cracked for you, or they cut the legs in two, exposing the meat inside.  This dries it out and detracts from the flavor.  Yes, cracking the crab yourself takes more energy, is a bigger mess, and sometimes results in bloodied fingers, etc., but it's still worth it when it comes to flavor.  It also burns calories as an exercise.  :]
5	Save room for dessert. The creme brulee gelato and almond bars here were in-freaking-credible.A pretty ridiculous selection of foods from around the world.
5	Where else can you have fish, hamburger, taco, corndog, pizza, eggs, mashed potatoes, fried chicken, ribs, ice cream, pie, chinese food, chili, clam chowder, beer, ice tea, milk and soda ALL AT ONE SITTING?????That's right.  Bring some Tums with you and prepare for a meal you will remember!!!!
4	Years ago, I would come here because the food wasn't the typical dried out buffet crap that the other hotels serve.During one of my last visits, I paid a visit to my old hang out and was actually disappointed.  The food was typical of every other Vegas buffet, somewhat dried and bland.4 stars for having such a large variety of things to make me gain those 5 extra pounds!
5	crab is amazing, eleventeen different kinds of gelato; i recommend the tiramisu.  i hate sweets and this place made em' great, that tells u something.  oh yea and prime rib that break your grass-munching, hemp-wearing vegeterian habit.  and 2$ margarita specials...this place is a glutton's paradise! and i'm still working on that...
5	EVERYONE says this is the best buffet in Las Vegas.  That includes most of the locals.  I agree.  When it says World buffet, the Rio really means it.  It really does have something for everyone.  If you don't like the food, just go fill yourself up on crab.  I always try to eat my fair share of the crab because I have trouble eating $20 dollars worth of food.  NOT!If you don't visit often and want to go to a buffet while you're in Vegas.  This is the place to be.  Just make sure you arrive early or be ready to wait in a long line.
4	Went here last year with my family, we were amazed with the variety, I mean it's like a whole block of food! I mostly ate from the Japannese and Chinesse section and thought it really good, had the carrot cake- good. But was kind of dissapointed in the mexican section, coming from there i can say it didn't look so great, the usual taco shells with yellow cheese, could've done better. But all in all it is quite amazing and most definitely go early and with a huge appetite or you'll come out regretting not trying that.
4	Best buffets I've ever been to! Lots of variety and they've got lots of crabs!
3	This buffet distinguishes itself from the rest of the Vegas buffet with its incredible variety and its spaced out fairly well. Service has been very friendly each time I've visited, however, the prices have skyrocketed from $15 to nearly $25 for dinner time which one might question when eating the endless varieties of pastas, tacos, and other relatively inexpensive food items. The food is not as good after 8:30 it seems since they're less likely to replace and cook more fresh items. Best recommended for dining between 5-7 PM.
5	Its on a league of its own, THE best in Vegas, trust me... I have been to others including Bellagio, Paris, MGM, MIrage, Aladdin, etc and Carnival is #1 (if you can go on a sat or sun from 1030am-330pm, even better, because you will catch the Champagne Brunch.. yum!)Just dont be confused, because the Rio has another buffet (just seafood) we are talking about the Carnival World Buffet =)Tip: you can always find a $5 off per person coupon in those magazines they leave for you in your hotel room.. or in the "Whats on las vegas guide" magazine, they are everywhere
2	My friends have been raving about this buffet for days up until we arrived in Las Vegas. I give it up for its variety, but from what I noticed, variety decreases quality. I think buffets that have less variety have better tasting food, because they better specialize in their dishes. There really is nothing outstanding about this buffet..yeah it's cheaper than most, but why is it cheaper than other buffets when there is so much more food to choose from? Makes me wonder. Paying a little more for other buffets is sometimes worth it.
2	I can't believe this place is so highly rated!  Proof positive that quantity can sometime be mistaken for quality.The one thing the Carnival World buffet's got going for it is its size.  Even compared to other Vegas buffets - huge in and of themselves - this place is GIGANTIC.  But, really, would you rather have a football field's length of Chef Boyardee or one plate of edible food?  Cause you're going to find one at this place and not so much the other.I used to be forced to come here with my friend's family in jr. high because they swore it was the best.  Even then my palette knew the difference.  At that point, they were the only place with the different 'stations' for different types of food.  Everyone does that now, and a lot of them with much better results.
2	If this place really is rated number one buffet in Las Vegas, Las Vegas SUCKS!It was just okay....you can get better shit in LA folks.  Run while you can.  The service was slow, the food was mediocre, and why was I at a buffet??  Well a girl has gotta maintain her weight.  :)
3	Wow. Buffet style dining is not normally my favorite thing to do, but Wow.  A champagne brunch will cost you $25 dollars a person, but our hungry, hungover group of 6 packed away WAY more than that per person. I'm amazed at the amount of food that they had, and even more surprised that it tasted pretty good.  I think the problem with buffets is that they often use poor quality ingredients to make food en mass, but this stuff was quite decent.  They had all sorts of food, dim sum, Mexican, a carving station, breakfast station, salad station, dessert station, sushi and more!  I didn't have any, but I heard the crab legs and smoked salmon were delectable.  The highlight for me was the dim sum, great shrimp dumplings and egg rolls. We all had mimosas, but they're made with cheap champagne.  The service was also kind of slow.  We got there around 12:30 and didn't have to wait long to be seated, but as we were leaving the lines had grown VERY long.  Bring your appetite and you won't be disappointed.  We finished up around 2pm and didn't eat the rest of the day from being so stuffed. :)
3	So for as far back as I can remember my family used to go to Vegas for Thanksgiving week.  We'd leave the weekend before, stay until Wednesday, then head down to San Diego to spend actual Thanksgiving with the 619 fambam.Of course the night before Thanksgiving my dad would bring us to Carnival World Buffet, ensuring that we forever would be the ones who must have something wrong with them because we wouldn't eat the next night at Thanksgiving dinner.You know how it is with us brown people.  Someone comes to your house, you offer them food, they eat food..or they just ain't quite right.  Well, I'm sure our SoCal family always talked behind our backs about how we just weren't quite right.  Little did they know that the night before our dad was making sure that we got every pennie's worth at one of the original *high end* buffets to hit the scene.Oh the memories of having to stuff that one last shrimp in my mouth and chew on it until it became a pile of flavorless mush just swishing around from cheek to cheek.  Ugh!  Of course at that age you just can't appreciate the food to dollar value that a place like Carnival presents.  What do kids know?  They are stupid.
2	We had a crazy experience here at the Carnival World Buffet!  I'm going to start off and say that the 2 stars are for the food and for the waitress we had bringing us our drinks! The food was good (not as good as the buffet at the Paris though) and the waitress was super sweet and friendly. I really struggled with what to give this place in star ratings, because as we entered the experience was off to an awful start thanks to the hostess/manager. What a shrew! So here goes, We go in and pay up front for our just about $30 each buffet experience. We were there for a softball tournament and 4 other members of our group were already inside eating. They had arranged with the waitress in their section to hold a table for us to sit near them (not with them, near them). When it's our turn in line, we tell the hostess/manager of the arrangement. She then tells us, that we will all have to pay an additional approximately $6 per person for gratuity! WHAT?  We're not sitting with them, we're sitting near them.  Doesn't matter, if we are in the same section..even if we are on opposite sides of the section, we have to pay the gratuity up front! What is up with that!! Needless to say, we sat in a different section.  We were actually afraid to talk to our friends at the buffet line, for fear the controller of the buffet universe would slap us with the up front gratuity!! LOL!  Needless to say, we wouldn't have minded paying the gratuity...we actually gave our waitress a lot more than what we would have been charged up front..because she was that good, but it's the whole point of the thing. I could totally see it , if we were at the same table and they were serving us our meal, but this is a buffet! All the waitress was serving us was drinks...we had to get our own food!  Our visit here left a bad taste in our mouths because of the first experience and the poor customer service upon entry. It did leave us with some fun in the way of smart alec remarks and a funny story when we left.  I wouldn't go out of my way to go here again. There are too many other good buffets right on the strip.
4	For a world buffet, I would have to say that this place is good...For the most part when I go to buffets, I never fill my plate with just one type of food. I fill my plate with bits and pieces of every type of food there is to try and I have tried all of their dishes here except for the desserts. Once I was finished with the food, I couldn't even look at dessert. Although I would have to say that some of the food is kind of bland...for the most part if you add a few spices here and there...you have a great meal...but what can you expect from a buffet? There is not one dish that they specialize in. Although I really enjoyed the seafood section of the buffet, the chinese section wasn't bad, and the western section was pretty good as well. So, when in vegas...go gamble, but when you get hungry...check out this buffet.
4	My family took me to this buffet for July 4th to celebrate my b-day in typical Vegas buffet-binge style. I personally chose this place because:1) My family aren't foodies, it's all about variety & quantity over quality for them2) I didn't want them to spend too much money taking 6 of us out to Wynn or Paris (I knew they'd be happy wherever they ate)...Carnival World was $26/person vs Wynn at ~$37/person.3) There ain't no buffet in the world better than the free gourmet ones I eat at every single day :) I don't need no overpriced Wynn to prove that!4) I found a coupon for free cooked-to-order steak (which you normally need to pay extra for) in the latest What's On free tourist magazine. You can find these mags anywhere.Anyways, our group arrived at Carnival World at 6:30pm and there were NO lines. It was great because 30 mins later, there were lines out the door!And my god, this place is a football field of food. You know how some buffets look big but they just duplicate the food on 2 sides of the restaurant so they can disperse the lines? Well not here! All the stations are unique and it's a bit of a trek from your table to see everything. This was a HUGE plus. My family is composed of the most finicky eaters ever, and they were allll happy! Imagine my shock :)The coupon I found in What's On provided our group of 6 a total of two free steaks. You redeem this coupon at the cashier while paying for your meal and she gives you an extra promo receipt that you take to the steak station to put in your order. We did this at the beginning of the meal and 15 mins later, we had 2 juicy rib-eye steaks. While I'm very picky about my steaks, I had a bite of my dad's. I was expecting chewy rubber but it was surprisingly delicious! Props to the cook! I swear, my mom and dad couldn't stop talking about how good the steaks were the rest of our vacation (so cute).All in all, while food was average, I had a great experience. We were a bit wary of the service since so many reviews complained about it but WOW, our server was super awesome. She came by every 10 mins it seemed. Our water, sodas, coffees were never empty. Discarded plates were taken away quickly. She got us extra sauce and napkins and whatever we asked for in a super speedy and FRIENDLY manner. She absolutely earned her tip.
4	Hello food......this is what I picture heaven to be like unending food from all around the world with drink special being announced on the hour.Any kind of food you can think of.  Any kind.  I could spend 2 hours here just eating.  The restaurant is a little chaotic, especially if you get here right at dinner time about 6ish 7ish...so try and go a little earlier.  Or better yet go for lunch and save about $10 each, the only down fall is there is no sea food at lunch.Aside from the great food they have drink specials at the bar here every 30 minutes and someone from the bar will announce it and let you know what the special is.A must see while you are in Vegas
4	I like buffet. i also like carnivals and putting a thick layer of scalloped taters ontopa my encheeladas. Am i making you hungry? Good, cos you should be starving to experience this example of American decadence and over-consumption. But thats ok, because you are in vegas and you might as well take a culinary journey through the globe, starting with dim sum and ending right where any meal should - fried ravioli. The reason that this place is called the CARNIVAL buffet is because you stand in line and then split into other lines which allow you to enter the attraction in a safe and convenient manner - or maybe because its in the Brazillian debauchery themed resort, Rio. But whatevs. So you pay ahead of time and then the gluttony may begin without further delay - except while you are waiting to be seated by the waitresses waving people in with batons and talking to each other on walkie talkies. The food is not amazing but plentiful and the variety is unparalleled. I think. I will have to return to vegas and eat at all the other buffets to make sure. they have a huge desert stations with adorable little pastries and slices of pie. The Asian area was the best, with amazing dumplings and buns and an assortment of soups, from egg drop to pho. Sushi was just eel and california but seafood was good especially the peel and eat shrimp. Tacos, american comfort food, pasta, crab legs, hush puppies, you get the idea. Gambling, skank-watching and drinking tropical concoctions the size of a puppy really works up an appetite - for globe-trotting adventure! This is the best way to expand your belly and your gastronomical horizons.
5	no point to type why i gave it 5 stars. you will gain 10 lbs. after you're done indulging all the food. =)
4	I hadn't been to this buffet for a couple of years. I come back and they have installed an automated cashier that slows everything down! There were 7 people in line ahead of us and it took 20 minutes to get in for lunch. I would hate to think of what it's like at dinner. I asked a couple of people that were working the front what they thought of the automated system, and they all hated it because it slows everything down and makes the customers happy. I guess if the Rio doesn't have to pay a few people minimum wage to move the lines, it's worth it to them.Enough of my rant. The buffet itself is the biggest, most fresh, and best buffet in the vicinity of the strip. Everything is there. I mean it. Everything. I wish I could eat some of each of the dishes, but that's not even close to possible. The service was fast and friendly when I was last there.
5	This place offers way too much food, and everything is pretty good. Not to mention i came here during champagne brunch, yep this place is meant to add a couple extra sizes to your waist. I'm sure you can work it off. I'm going back to Vegas this weekend, and I'm gonna try Planet Hollywood's buffet. So far this is my favorite buffet of them all.
4	Even though the Rio is about a mile off the strip (on the opposite side of the I-15), people flock here for their famous Carnival World Buffet for a reason.  Dining here gives you a taste what a real Las Vegas buffet is all about.  Several different stations spread across the front of the buffet, allowing you just about anything you can find in Las Vegas here in one place.  The price for lunch isn't bad--about $18.00--but for the clever consumer, get into the buffet shortly before lunch begins, gaining you access to breakfast foods, along with the lunch as it becomes available.  This place is truly worth a try.
4	Still a good buffet to go to.   So lets see Prime Rib, Mexican, Japanese, Chinese, and Mongolian.  Food's pretty good but the selection is pretty amazing.   If you have a craving for something then you should be able to get that fix here. Dessert ...  Gelato, Velvet Cake, and various pies.  I just had a craving for Prime Rib and it was pretty good.   So I just stuck to that and Gelato.  :)  And picked off the Sashimi and other things that my wife got.   Fried Scallops, Sashimi.  :)   If anything you need to try it once.
5	I love buffets. And I love this buffet more than others. I figured I should write a review about a good buffet since I just slammed Aladdin's. heh.I haven't been back here in a few years, but I remember really enjoying myself and eating until I thought I might explode. Lots of variety and the quality of food was really good. And the price was much cheaper than a lot of the other ones. Sure the Rio is a little far and not as glam as some of the other ones, but it's got the best food, especially for the price. OH, and it probably won't give you food poisoning. Unlike some other buffets I know... *cough*Aladdin*cough*
4	This was my first time eating at the Rio buffet.. I've heard good things about it..so I was excited to try it.. The selection is SOOO HUGEEEEEEE I kept walking and walking, and at one point, I thought I had walked into another buffet or something.. the dessert bar ranges from gelato to sugar free desserts..too bad I couldn't try the gelato, it looked sooo good...but I had some earlier that day. BOO.. but at $25 bucks a head...definitely more worth it than Monte Carlo's...ick.. good service too!
3	Quantity over quality is the rule of law in this town.  Prepare to stuff yourself on a gigantic selection of American, Chinese, Japanese, Italian, Mexican, and deserts.  The quality of the food seems to have declined recently.  We ordered the medium-rare Angus steaks (free coupon found in Vegas entertainment magazine) which were made to order.  They were tough and dry.  The fried shrimp seemed to have shrunken since the last time I went.  The prime rib can be hit or miss.  They do have a large desert selection though.  Come to the Rio if you want to try a LOT of different foods.  If you want better quality and a more refined selection try the Paris' Le Village Buffet.
4	FAQQ: Buffets are disgusting. Why would you go?A: Because of the plates and plates and plates of food you can get at the cost of a single 8 oz. New York steak at a upscale steak place. If there's something disgusting about boatloads of food at low prices, then I guess I'm disgusting.Q: I hear this place is MASSIVE how do I approach it?A: With a well-organized plan. Without a game plan you're going to be running around like a chicken with its head cut off and then it'll be a hassle and then you'll run to your computer and log-in to Yelp and write about how much you hate it.Stroll around the place first. Get the lay of the land. Then start at each sector and get a plate of food. Work on it. Then go back to the next sector. Carry on.Q: What is your record?A: I'm pretty sure it's 6 full plates of food. Plus some dessert. Tip: Drink water; soda will just fill you up.FYI ... There are shuttles from various casinos that go to the Rio. Huh? Which casinos have the shuttle? How the hell should I know. I'm not a concierge.
5	ok the line is super long but the wait is worth it. the best buffet i've had in vegas. i hate vegas but i like this buffet. dont be a rookie. go in for the crab legs, prime rib, and watermelon at the end.
5	Best. Buffet. In.. Vegas.Even. For. Vegetarians.:)Free shuttle there too from the strip since it's a few miles away :)
2	I had been to the Rio World Buffet more than ten years ago, and either my food palette has changed radically in that amount of time, or this place has dipped in quality. Possibly a combination of both. In any event, I was sorely disappointed. The food was mediocre at best. The prime rib was very salty, the sushi barely qualified as sushi, and there were more fried, breaded offerings than you can shake a one dollar bill at. Highlights were the cheesecake (you might have to ask the dessert attendant) and the har gow. Go figure.If you're looking for a great value, there are probably plenty of mass quantity dining options in Vegas that are just as good.
4	Pricey, but decent and fun for the entire family. Last time I went, it was $25 a person. They have a very diverse selection which includes Italian, Mexican, Chinese, and lots of seafood. The line was very long, and my group and I ended up waiting for 45 minutes. We went in the summer, so what would you expect? But it's worth it, and if you're staying at the Rio, then I suggest you at least give it a try.
2	I was just in Las Vegas this week. I enjoy the Rio and had Total Reward points,so I decided to go to their Carnival World Buffet. The system was very nice in terms of paying via their kiosk.  I had a taste for Chinese food.  The white rice was almost gone and what was left was ALL DRIED OUT!  The seafood was not impressive. The selection of food items was not exciting.  I did not care for this buffet as I have been to better ones.  The waiter was lousy as he did not check to see if I wanted a refill on my beverage, so no tip for him!There was absolutely nothing that I wanted seconds on.  In Las Vegas, you should be able to find a better buffet.
3	I was at this buffet with a couple of friends on my last Vegas trip (11/9-11/11). In my opinion the food selection was pretty good, the food itself ranged from good to okay, the service was lousy, the ambience was average, at least for a Vegas buffet, and a long line that went faster than it seemed.What the buffet lacked in some aspects of food quality, the more than made up for it with variety. There is something for all tastes and cravings, and maybe a little bit more. Although we were disappointed with the crab legs, everything else was average to good. Yes they have more variety of faux sushi than I've ever seen, however the real sushi, and sushi eaters should be able to tell the difference, tasted nice and fresh. The prime rib was bland, I would much rather have the one at Bills (old Barbary Coast), but the baked breaded chicken was a stand out in my opinion.There was one thing that stood out in the eyes of my friend, who is a seasoned international traveler. She said that the duck that was being served in the Chinese section of the buffet was better than any duck she's tasted in any North American Chinatown she's been to (NYC, Chicago, SF, LA, Toronto, and Vancouver), and it ranked up there with a few dishes she tasted in China. I was too full to try it, but that was enough to get my other friend out of his chair. I guess we came on a good night.Pros: Wide variety of food choice, fast dinner line, decent price (I found out later that coupons for the Rio buffet are very easy to find and can save you $5-$10 if you take the time to thumb through those Vegas coupon books).Cons: Food average to so-so, a few hidden gems, but you must try the selections to get the best choice, off the strip...any savings with coupons will be eaten by the cab fare over there.To sum it up: With the food winners and loosers being served here, it's literally a crap shoot.
4	I sum up my experience(s) at the Carnival World Buffet in a few words.All you can drink mimosas at the brunch buffet. Now why do I insist on keeping my review to a simple sentence you ask? Ah, simple answer: I'm usually way too intoxicated to care about anything but enjoying my drink(S). =PEnjoy.
4	My lunch companion insisted that while in Vegas one MUST do the buffet, there was no arguing with him.  We set off to Bally's but the lovely concierge rep in front of the casino told us to head to the Rio for one of the best buffets in town.  We hopped a shuttle and went from Bally's to a carnivale.I think for the price the buffet is good. (I believe it was around 16 dollars) I haven't seen one that big ever, that's for sure.  All the food was represented with a full table- Chinese, Japanese, American, Mexican and a fabulous dessert center area as well.  The buffet went from one side of the room to the other and it's so overwhelming its hard to know where to start.  As for the food itself I wasn't entirely impressed - the billboards all over town show crab legs and there wasn't a crustacean to be found (well, there were shrimps, but no crabs). My lunch companion is a vegetarian and surprisingly it was a bit difficult to find lots of vegetables and other edibles for him too. He didn't say anything contrary but I noticed -- and felt it could've been better.  There was even a bar buffet. Now before you get too excited what  I mean is there was an area in between all the buffet sections where you could order a drink -- the announcer let us know for the next 20 minutes we could get several different cocktails for only $4.00. If I didn't have to work later that night I may have just for the price alone.     I did give an extra star for our server, she was this fabulous older lady who would curtsey everytime she left our table.  The dessert area itself gets a star too -- so many sweets, so little time. Lucky for you Carnivale, your sweet server and multitude of sweets saves you from lee-whoo-whoo-zer dom.
5	This is by far the BEST buffet in Las Vegas! Their selection was overwhelming and everything(besides the sushi) was excellent. The dessert, especially the gelato, was to die for! Dinner is about $25 and well worth every penny. You can get discounts at any of the four Tix 4 Tonight's locations on the strip.
4	Certainly one of the million buffets in Las Vegas worth trying. With such a wide assortment of food, you are already full of it trying to debate where to start! I dare you to go through every station. I stopped half way and I am a good eater! But I think what got me is the fast beverage service. I asked for an Iced Tea and our server came back with like 5 just for me. I drank them all and I was practically lying down praying to God I would not pop.
4	This buffet is one of the better buffets in Vegas. It has a wide variety of foods. However, everything is arranged almost along a vertical line along one side of the room (which is a good thing! It makes you walk! Exercise after eating all that food!) I really liked the shrimp pesto pizza, the shrimp (REALLY FRESH and big!), and the GELATO! The guy in the dessert section was really nice. It was my first time eating there, and I wanted to try all of the flavors! He was so nice that he gave me several spoons with each of the gelato flavors on it! I was very satisfied with this buffet. You must take your family and friends here for dinner if you're going to be near the Strip.
3	This buffet is all about variety. The place looks like a mall food court. Every type of cuisine is in its own little area. They have everything; burgers, prime rib, Mongolian, Chinese, to fish and chips. The desert bar is HUGE. Every kind of pie you can think of. You can easily sit here for hours eating. I like to play the keno and eat. Fill up and play some keno tell you can cram some more down your mouth. The staff is pretty friendly. I sat in here for a couple of hours before and had no problem with the staff.For the amount of people that get crammed into this place and the amount of food they serve the cleanliness is very good. I was very impressed.The price has gone way up over the years. You can find coupons all over town for this buffet but it will still cost you close to $20.
4	Went here on the last day of my most recent Vegas trip. I could spend all day in this place. They have a great variety of food and everything was pretty tasty. I think our group spent a good 2 or 3 hours there just hanging out and eating.
5	Hell don't even bother getting a room at the Rio, just pay the $25 to get into the buffet and just eat and sleep there.      This place can be your hotel room from heaven.  Just eat yourself to sleep and let the bartenders announcement of the next alcoholic drink special be your alarm clock.Top notch food worth every penny,   so many varieties it will keep your stomach satisfied for hours.   A must see n eat anytime your in Vegas
5	For $20 bucks you get access to an all you can eat and drink buffet with foods and flavors inspired by world cuisine.  I'm not talking about some home town buffet shit, this is the real deal where food is made by experienced chefs that have a flair for the delicious.  My only complaint is that the egg rolls really were not very good.  They were quite plain with very little taste.  Other than that, everything was quite delicious.
4	The variety of foods brings me back to this place everytime. It's fun and has so many different types of foods to choose from. If you don't like one thing theres something else to try. They even have dim sum types of food and crab legs. If you are new to vegas make sure you visit this buffet at the rio!
5	This has always been one of my favorite buffets.  Came here about 10 years ago and I went to the Rio buffet just because I heard so many people talking about it.  This was before Bellagio buffet, before Wynn buffet and some others that have now opened.  But I did not know there were two different buffets at the Rio, so I still have to make my way to the Rio Seafood Buffet.  This place seems really big.  They have that LONGGGG  wall and alot of variety.  The name speaks for itself.  Carnival World Buffet.  A Festive Party CARNIVAL atmosphere because they have so much different types of food from all over the WORLD!
5	This, in my opinion, is the BEST buffet in Vegas. Lines are usually long, but move rather quick. Be prepared to wait...but it's well worth it. This buffet has such a variety of food...It's great!! You can get everything from pizza to salads, to Asian, to Mexican, to American, to seafood and the list goes on. The buffet is HUGE and most buffets of it's size are divided into 2 sections. Each section has the SAME food which allows them to get people up getting food faster. NOT this buffet!! It's huge and NOTHING is duplicated. It's fantastic. The dessert bar is just as great and offers just as much variety, too!! I would HIGHLY recommend you check this one out!!!
3	Was there on 3/9 for dinner.Seemed to be around $26-$28 per head for dinner - my boss paid. Impressions:The place is MASSIVE, clean and well lit.The Automated cashier (computer screen) takes a fair amount of time to traverse.The King Crab legs were good. Plenty of them as well.  Literally a wall one foot high and about 3 foot wide. Excellent fried clams (and I am a native New Englander).The "sushi" was pretty good too. They had spicy tuna rolls and California rolls and both were very credible.Chinese dumplings were great. They had boneless pork sparerib pieces (good) - but the Chinese (Peking style?) duck that others raved about was not very good... Kind of rubbery with a funky *way* over salted/metallic taste. (They looked gorgeous coming out of the roaster though).I really liked their Mexican entrees (some kind of pulled pork nachos) and they had a giant bowl of pretty good guacamole. Desserts looked good. I had a small chocolate "cup" with a creamy white filling and fresh berries on top. Good fruit, not overly great chocolate.Recommendation: They were cooking steaks (looked like a small strip or rib-eye?) to order at dinner time. They looked decent. Have an appetizer, then have a steak, they troll the rest of the food lines.
3	the buffet here seems to be better than most. there is a large selection of food, but the quality of the food is mediocre. the price to me is not worth it since i don't like to gorge myself. one thing i have to say, my favorite things to eat at buffets are desserts, and there are plenty here.
4	I don't like buffet'sBut this is up there as far as Vegas Buffet's go
3	I don't know how this place have pretty good reviews because the food was not great. I love buffets but this was probably one of the worst I've gone to. Very little selections and the food was like I said before not that great. Well I went and ate during brunch so they had breakfast and lunch food. The eggs were soggy, the meat was nasty but the carb foods were pretty good. The lunch food were pretty plain  and some were bland like the pasta. The meaty lunch entrees were pretty good though. They had a lot of desserts but they weren't that great. I probably like at most like 3 out of maybe 10? 15? but yea. The ice cream was good but you can get that kind of ice cream at any buffet. but I guess it's pretty cheap?breakfast is like 10-11lunch12-13dinner-??
1	Really guys, 4 stars?My whirlwind journey through Las Vegas ended at what I had hoped to be the "world's best buffet" (at least that's what the billboard said). Instead I ended up with a raunchy, gut-busting round of queasiness. Both before and after the meal.If the nightmare of the congested self-pay line wasn't enough to send you running, the depressing atmosphere and the equally depressing-looking food will have you demanding a refund. The dining area attempts to set a mood with deeply colored furniture and requisite ambient lighting, but fails miserably as it actually feels like a dark and dank dungeon--reminder that you are in for an inescapable, nonrefundable world of hurt. Sampling a little bit from every corner, I found the dim sum (particularly the sui mai and har gow) to be bland, barely lukewarm, and... rubbery? The quesadillas were cold and, the pancakes were soggy (even before I put syrup on them), the crab legs were forgettable... in fact most of the food was forgettable as I can honestly not remember what else I ate. I filled up 5 plates with sad looking food that, for the most part, made me pretty sad to eat.I know what you all are thinking: it's the Carnival "World" Buffet and it deserves props for combining American, Chinese, Japanese, Mexican, etc. cuisine. But couldn't it, and in fact shouldn't it, be executed *better*?
3	I remember I was very upset at myself for getting so much food because there were SO many desserts to choose from later (I clearly have a sweet tooth)!  Just be aware that the wait can be pretty long (I believed my family and I waited close to an hour), but if you're hungry, it's worth it I suppose.  Their food options were pretty good, but they could do better if they wanted to.  Like I said, definitely check out the desserts.
4	Hands down the best buffet in Vegas in my opinion. I absolutely love the huge selection and different types of cuisine and the enormous dessert bar. The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is for the price. It's creeped up from reasonable to just a tad over the top over the last few years. We usually go for lunch and are able to find a coupon online so the price ends up being about $15, which is more than reasonable, but I don't think the dinner prices are justified. Maybe that's just me speaking as a vegetarian because all of the meat and seafood options are not a draw for me, so with everything included I'm sure it is worth the heftier price tag.Honestly, when I go to Vegas it has nothing to do with gambling. I stick a quarter or two in a machine and that's it. We go to watch the cover bands play, for the novelty of walking around outside with our drinks, and to hit up the Carnival World Buffet at least once or twice.
1	I decided to go for the "world's best buffet" (based on some Las Vegas magazines reviews). As soon as we get there we spend 45mn at the self-pay line everyone was packeted there waiting for a table !Funny thing is that from the line we could see a lot of free tables all around but the staff was not on a particular rush to escort people to thier tables.After our first 45mn waiting we finally could have access to the buffet, the food was forgettable...  compare to other buffets like the Orleans few blocks from there.I definetly do not recommend this experience.
4	The first time I went to this buffet I was so excited and felt like a kid in a candy store.Huuuuge selection of food from around the world.  Mountains of snow crab, mexican, italian, japanese, chinese, mongolian, american, tons of desserts, gelato bar... the best you could expect from a buffet.  You have to go there early for dinner (around 4:30-5:00pm), or you'll be waiting in line for quite a while.The Pho actually tasted like pho (i was expecting it to be way off).  The mongolian bbq was good too.  They announce cheap alcoholic drink specials at the main bar in the center of the buffet.
4	The line = ridiculous.  It's a good thing one of my gambaholic buddies is a Diamond club member so we were seated right away.  A HUGE selection of cuisines.  I was pleasantly surprised to see teppanyaki and udon noddle soup.  Great variety of desserts and gelato.It's too bad we all had a flight to catch that afternoon.  Otherwise, we'd have to apologize to the other diners for eating all the crab legs.
4	Pretty good and good price.  I'm not a buffet person, so I didn't eat much but the group I was with made up for it.
5	We really did our research before our first trip to Vegas, so we knew we wanted to try the buffet at the Rio. I had no clue though that it would be one of the best meals I have ever had in my life. The Carnival World Buffet is the probably the greatest buffet in the world. How many places can you go and have pizza, freshly rolled sushi, gigantic crab legs, tacos, and burgers all in one meal? They have everything and it is all for an excellent price compared to other Vegas buffets. I definitely recommend trying to find coupons to stretch your dollar even more. For example, the last time I went, I found a coupon in one of those tourist magazines for a free steak cooked to order with your buffet. I thought that since I had a coupon it would be a little piece of meat, but I was pleasantly surprised when I got an excellent cut that had been cooked perfectly. Also if you go, make room for dessert! The fresh fruit chocolate cups and gelatto are almost worth the price of admission by themselves.
4	When my family and I rolled into Vegas, we stopped here first.  After a longish, hot drive from LA, you can imagine how we felt when we paid up and stepped into the dining and buffet area.  My siblings stopped dead in their tracks as they took in the glory.I did my best to pace myself, but I still ponied up to the buffet FIVE TIMES.  Yes, five. We were kind of hurting for a while.  That means that it was great.
3	No comparison to The Buffet at the Wynn.I give them three stars for trying and for their price.
2	If you're going to eat a buffet in Vegas, you might as well go all out.  Rio buffet has a lotta quantity but a whole lotta nothing when it comes to quality.  Price is decent, but don't skimp out and get cheap if you're going to Vegas.  What's even more annoying is that there are huge lines for everything.  The worst is to stand in line forever for something that isn't even worth it.  Recommend Bellagio or Wynn buffet.  10 times better!Dessert-highlight was gelato selection, but even that was not even that good.  Limited selection--standard issue of apple pie, cherry pie, chocolate cake, cookies.  Seafood-Crab legs that were ice cold, cocktail shrimp that seemed more like bay shrimp, clams that only had clam shells...you get the point.
4	Every time I go to Vegas, I make it to a point to have lunch here. I'm not a buffet person per se, but heck I'm in Vegas where else am I suppose to eat? I enjoy eating at this buffet despite its similarity with any ordinary buffet. However, the selection of food is vast and that's how I like it. Every kind of dish that's at least the most popular is in their buffet. The only downside, it's always crowded.
4	Food!  Food!  Glorious Food!  Man, I think the amount of food served here can feed a small starving nation.  You'll find the buffet staples:  American, Chinese (aka Asian), Italian, Mexican, dessert.  There's even a bar.  There's even minimal customer to people interaction as you can pay for your food through a machine.The food itself is alright.  Nothing spectacular.  But it's a good place for a night of gluttony!
2	As a local here in town... it's one of the better buffets. It's not overly priced. You do get a whole lot of varieties here to choose from depending on your taste buds. Most people come here for their crab legs.. it's always a hit or miss for me on that one depending on the season. Sometimes you feel like your getting your money worth because their big and meaty but sometimes your get scrawny ones that takes a lot of work to get the meat out. The Chinese section is always good, they have the most variety and quality compared to alot of other buffets in town. The sushi station was just okay some of the pieces seems a bit dried up due to the pre-prep and sitting in the fridge. There's always a good selection at the dessert station. I can do without the automated paying station... that just slows down the line. It's just too complicated for some people!06/15/09 - updated my review of this buffet, eh.. it wasn't as good as it used to be. The quality of the food has gone down. The crab legs aren't as big and tasty as they used to be, everything else just seems mediocre.
2	The Carnival World Buffet USED to be my all-time favorite Vegas buffet.  Over the last 8 years of frequenting this buffet, the price has gone up, and the quality of the food has gone down.  Don't get me wrong, it's not horrible... it's just not what it used to be.  For the price (about $50 for my wife and I @ the Sunday brunch), I expected a lot better food and service.  Seems like they're hiring a bunch of tards to work here, cuz the level of service has vastly declined.  Our drinks sat for at least 10 minutes before I'd raise them into the air for a refill.  I had to go into the restroom to grab extra paper towels because the staff was too busy jaw-jacking with one another.After seeing that I was annoyed, the server finally brought wet-naps, extra napkins, and crab smashers (we were already done eating).  Needless to say, unless the quality goes up, I won't be returning... felt like I was eating at Home Town Buffet, but paying 4 times the price.
5	Carnival Buffet at Rio gets 5-stars for when I used to eat here. The variety of food choices was really nice. However, let's be honest. When Steve Wynn built the Wynn and I tried his buffet... I've never been back. At Rio you would get snow crab legs, at the Wynn buffet you get king crab legs and they're sliced for you so you don't have to sit there for hours trying to take the shell apart. I haven't been here in awhile so it could have changed, but if Wynn buffet is still in the picture, I don't know if I'll ever come back.
4	The line was epic but the payoff was good.  There are only a few main ethnic food types not included in this joint.  The automated payment machines were way too slow, they should take a page out of Chipotle's or Target's payment machines, they are fast.
3	I've heard raves and raves bout the seafood buffet at the Rio.  So, first day in, took a trip over to the Rio with a big group to check it out.Ok, it is really big and the stations aren't repetitive.  But the only things I really liked are the prime rib and half of the crab legs.  I say half because half of them were good and juicy, the other half were frozen.Bellagio is still my favorite buffet  in Vegas...ever...but maybe that'll change after I check out the one at the Wynn.
3	A buffet. Not bad. Not the best. Okay.
4	This was my very first buffet experience in Las Vegas.  Somehow, through word of mouth, we knew we had to try this place at least once.We've been back a couple of times since.  One thing I learned, it's a waste for people who don't eat much (in my opinion). The buffet is huge - but nothing really stood out.  They have all the usual expected buffet fair - which is good.  There's just so much stuff that I was honestly overwhelmed.  Even if you just took one small sample of everything - it's too much (for me).  Top it off at the meat section where you can select a mouthwatering steak and they cook it to your liking right there.  A full sized steak, on top of all the other buffet pickings?  Whoa.  If I could have stuffed all that into my tummy - I totally would have.
4	What can I say. One of the best buffets. Quality didnt beat the quantity though. Chinese: 3/5Noodles, Soup, yada yada, ohh good garlic wings though. Stir Fry: Very tasty, the chef will put alot of chicken or shrimp or beff on it , so i would ask for a little less. Mexican: 2/5Good tortilla soup. Enchilada's were horrible. Tacos were alright.Seafood: 4/5Something good. Three different varietys of shrimp, lots of fish like black salmon, and sushi. YummDesert: 4/5Different flavors of ice cream like mango. They have that crem bru le. They had goo pie though. Yumm. Like 4 differetn flavors.Overall this place gets a 4/5 because quantity is over quaility. I would still visit this buffet. And we did apply the buffet strategy for vegas. Go around 2:10. No later then this! Then thats when everybody comes. Go then, pay the lunch price and stay for dinner which is served at 3:00. They had a plentiful of crab legs. First time tasting it, I thought it was really good. I dont love, or hate it. But it is tasty. Especially with the butter. Hail the strategy.
5	This buffet was great. it may have not been the best buffet I've been too but it was damn good. they had gelato which sold me and their steak was delicious. They even had $4 drink special for like 20 minutes at a time which I've never seen before.
2	i don't know if my standards have gotten higher, or this place has failed to uphold theirs, but this place isn't good anymore. the wynn, bellagio, and mandalay bay all have much superior buffets. if you don't want to spend the $$$ at the above, paris and harrah's buffets are better, in my opinion.
4	J and I wanted to have a really good last morning in Vegas buffet breakfast. We asked around at dinner and they suggested here or Green Valley. Since the Rio was closer to where we were staying, so we went.   The weekend brunch is $25 per person and you get 'champagne' (sparkling wine) if you ask. We did and we asked for a side of oj to make our own mimosas (you can get get mimosas but we wanted to DIY). We both liked the fact that you could pay an automated machine to get into the buffet which is some times easier than dealing with bored staff. We got in, sat down, ordered our drinks and checked out the offerings.    Boy, did they have a lot! The basics for breakfast were there and then  more! Smoked salmon for bagels, pastries beyond compare! Mexican bar with raspberry filled or caramel filled churros! A seafood bar with crab legs, shrimp and different pastas with seafood! Pork loin roast! Prime rib! Ham! Corn dogs for the little guys! J said that the sushi was also fresh and good.   It was a clean environment and we didn't feel like we were being rushed. At one point, they had a 20 minute drink special where you could get any mixed drink for $4. Martinis, pina coladas, whatever. We would have taken advantage but I was getting on a plane home and she was driving. A good buffet.
2	I thought this place would be awesome from reviews and also we saw Oprah that day!  Unfortunately this buffet is a taste of the world, but must be not gourment world, because the food lacks flavor and the selection is not all that great.  i was not impressed.  We waited for at least an hour, and I would have rather paid more money and waited at the Bellagio buffet.  I'll be back to Rio buffet, but it would be to try out the Village Seafood Buffet.
4	In terms of affordable buffets in Vegas, this is one of the top places. The buffet line stretches the entire through the entire restaurant offering everything under the sun. There is also a bar if you want any alcohol. The food here is great too. Of course there are some things that one would not like (hey it's a buffet). But most of the dishes that I had were great. I especially like the pasta and seafood dishes. And the desserts here are great here too. Get the gelato!There isn't much service going on here considering it is a buffet. But nonetheless, our waitress was quick to clear our plates and offered refills on drinks often.I think it's now a tradition for me to go back here whenever I'm in Vegas. It never seems to disappoint.
5	Highly recommended as a lunch buffet. I think the cost is something like $15 at lunch, which is an extremely great deal. This place is not fancy, or high class; but it is a really great place to eat and fill up on a variety of cuisines from all around the world. This place has one of the largest range of foods that I have ever seen. Upon entering the restaurant, you will spot that they have arranged all of the food carts up against a back wall which spans a distance of an Olympic pool. Each section has been divided and themed as an ethnic cuisine group. e.g. Chinese, Mexican, Mediterranean, Italian and the list goes on.I like to get freshly stir fried meats here, which the chef cooks for you on the spot. You can get chicken, shrimp etc and it is similar to Mongolian bbq where they cook it up on a large hot plate.Also you have try the ice cream here. They have at least 20 different flavors, and remember to get some to go for dessert.
5	Let's say you walked or biked to Vegas instead of driving in or flying in. You would be pretty damn thirst huh. You might also be pretty hungary. Well folks I have some news for you...this is the place for you! There are literally so many different thigs to eat here you would be better off starving yourself for three days and then coming here to eat. Pretty much everything is good...the variety is better than just about every other buffet I've been to in Vegas.They have a bar in the middle and a dessert counter not too far from the bar..make sure to save room for dessert!!!
5	Umm..the best buffet to eat at.  My friends and I always eat here when we go on our trips to vegas.  It has a lot of varieties of food from mexico to asia and everything in between.  We would seriously sit there for 2 1/2 hours just eating snow crab legs...MMMM..delicious. Anyway, the price is good because you get what you paid for.  their dessert buffet is really good especially the red velvet cake.  just tons and tons of food. if you love to eat this is the place to go to.
4	in my opinion, the food wasnt as good as at the WYNN, but the price was very fair. Good buffett... but i wasn't exactly wow'ed.
2	I'll preface this by saying I don't enjoy buffets... I do however find this one better in terms of variety compared to the wynn. Went for sunday night dinner.. waited 1.5 hours for a party of 4. There are several lines and the lady kept seating other parties of 4 from other lines and skipping us. She skipped us for 35 minutes straight.. I almost yelled at her but I was scared she'd skip us even more to get back at us! Seriously there's 5 lines.. it's not that hard to just take parties of 4 from each line sequentially. GRRRRRRThe food quality was LOW.. I mean low low. The crab legs and these huge brown scary barnacle looking things that were squishy to the touch. I eat a lot of crab legs but I've never seen brown squishy things growing out of the side of them before.. this made me lose my appetite. The only reason it gets 2 stars instead of 1, is that the guy gave me 2 bottles of champagne for $30 instead of 1 for $20.. sweetness. Bartender was cute and nice !
5	OMG! I'm not usually a fan of buffets because I can't eat a lot and the food is generally mediocre/bad.  BUT this past weekend we went and it was great.  The selection/amount of food choices was my fave part.  Although my eyes were huge and I wanted to eat EVERYTHING, I had to make some decisions.  I love crab so I had to get that...(oh so messy but oh so worth it) My other faves were the shrimp, taquitos, dim sum, selection of pastas, salt baked wings, gelato and selction of desserts. YUMMMMMM! My big complaint was the stations/machines where you pay were broken in our line and the staff was horrible at helping us pay in a timely/orderly manner and the wait was long but to be expected since its such a popular buffet.
5	Only the best buffet in town!  After spending a meal here I can't move for at least 20 minutes.  Seems to be a lot more sea food then I remember though.  Good none the less!  The only tip I have for you is to make sure you are hungry cuz you have to eat at least 25 bucks worth of food.
3	Rio's World Buffet is good, not great, and at around $25 after tax/tip for lunch per person, I think you'll get the same quality at Luxor or Flamingo.  I think buffet's on the strip are all on par these days, so the only difference is the price.
4	I'll be truthful, sometimes it's hit and miss, but the hits are a lot more than the misses!  We come here everytime we're in vegas and I'm happy with the variety of selections!  I think almost every type of cuisine is here - noodle soup bar, teppanyaki bar, salad bar, pizza bar, bbq, all-american, seafood, dimsum, mexican, carving stations, and that's not even half of it.   Love it and will always come back. :)
3	The Carnival Buffet is one of the most varied options when it comes to Vegas buffet dining. You get a wide range of food options and each dish is regularly refreshed throughout the day. It is definitely worth the $25 if variety is important to you. The quality of the food was about on par with most of the regular buffets.The table service was good but the the automated ticket purchase to gain entrance to the buffet was muffed. Customers had trouble using it and caused things to move slower and people at the "coupon" counter were essentially ignored.
5	I'm in vegas at least once or twice a month and NEVER fail to hit this place up. No other buffet can compare imho. So much variety so much seafood and prompt service. Prime Rib, BBQ Beef ribs, Tepanyaki, and crab legs all damn day. I totally regret trying everything else except for maybe Paris' this last weekend. This buffet set the bar in my book.
5	NEVER in my life I spent hours in a buffet.... NEVER... Up until I came to the Rio Carnival World Buffet... When they say, Carnival WORLD Buffet, they mean it.. This buffet offers more than I could chew. For $15, the WORLD is your oyster. This place is pretty big and offers sooo many selections. I think I ate every single thing here... I was so happy to find out also that they were still serving brunch up until 3:00PM, cause I was craving some scrambled eggs.. MMMmMmM The gelato was just excellent! I'm NOT a desert guy for the most part but damn, I couldn't help it, I just had to taste it.. The chocolate and the mint gelato was again, excellent! After spending about 2 Hours ... Yes, 2 hours here I was in heaven, mouth orgasm heaven..... My friend's and I never felt so full and satisfied in our lives. You will not leave this place disappointed..... OH, by the way... you get free champagne... The details are on your receipt, but of course they don't tell you that. All you have to do is request champagne and they will bring it to you... Trust me, my friend drank about 6 glasses...That moment I could definitely afford to forget... It was not a pretty sight (Drunk guy + 6 glasses of champagne + ate a crap load = looks like a homeless guy talking gibberish)
5	This place is great! Everytime I'm in vegas i try and hit this buffett! i think it's totally worth it because as people say "you can't get the best of both worlds" well here I CAN!! i actually get the best of ALL THE WORLD hahaha but this last time i went, i think the service was peak! our server was Isagani aka Nick....he made this buffett the best it's ever been. He was so helpful & polite. He made sure that our table was always clean and never got too cluttered with all of our plates. My brother & boyfriend kept going back to the seafood area and nick made sure that they always had empty plates to put their shells on.
4	After staying at the Rio for the WSOP/Formula D event I fell in love with this buffet over the summer. Of course I had to return this fall with all my friends to pig out at this buffet. Step 1 before going, fast for as long as you can imagine. You will find more amazing food here then you could ever think of, the buffet is so long you can walk off all the calories just trying to find all the food you want to consume. Let's not forget the dessert selections are amazing, so don't fill up on the main courses
5	I can't believe I forgot to review this place after I went!Excellent buffet.  It really does have everything a girl could want.  When waiting in a long line and never having been there before, the price of $25 seemed really steep to me - but I was assured by my companion that it was well worth the money.Oh boy was it.  They have a section for the major varieties of cuisine - Chinese, Japanese, Mexican, seafood, American, and Desserts (maybe more).  I was able to fill my plate - which is sometimes difficult being a picky eater that doesn't trust a dish if it looks like it has just 1 ingredient I may not like.The wait staff is awesome as well.  I don't think I've ever had such good service (beverages, plate clearing) at any buffet before.  The guy was even offering to take pictures for the parties nearby, pulled out chairs for the ladies, etc.  Superbly nice fellow, well worth the tip!The dessert was to die for - normally when I think buffet I think dried out cakes and puddings, but this had quality pastries and the special when I was there was a bananas foster - OMG!  Delicious!I'm going to be staying at the Rio again in January and I think I just might have to not eat for a day and gorge myself on the awesomeness that is the Carnival World Buffet!
4	I Love the Desserts at this place!! they had fabulous gelato and delicious red velvet cake! They had a wide selection of foods but a lot of it was mediocre typical buffet quality food. Go for the desserts!
4	I drank more mimosas than I ate. I couldn't help it, I was in vegas. This place was gigantic. They had everything sectioned off by different countries, that was neat.  I can't point out a certain dish I had because there was just so many different foods and everything I did have was really fantastic. The staff was very cool and on point. This is one of the better buffets in Vegas.
4	Sadly... I don't think I'll be returning to this any time soon.....This place is expensive.. and really... for good reason.  Luckily for me this time, it was subsidized.So we got seated... I perused around a little bit and got a plate of food.  Being that I have a little one and between my wife and I, we alternate shifts while the other watches or entertains or preps food for the little girl, getting and consuming the food happens pretty quickly.The pesto and shrimp pizza was pretty good...I was a little disappointed that the only salad was mixings for ceasar, but as this was the 4th buffet of our trip...  needed to make sure I was getting the intake of the greens.......and some breaded shrimp and scallops. I don't typically like to go the breaded route on buffets as I know it's just filler... but it looked, and really did taste good.I went back for a second round after a bit for a sampling of the sushi, and I threw in some long bean mix in there too(trying to get the greens still).So then I settled in.. got a little bit of mint choc chip gelato and figured I was just about done for the night.the little girl was doing good and we were all enjoying dinner...  so after a little while I decided I was going to get up and walk off a bit of what I had packed in...... biiiig mistake...I found out that the desert end isn't really an end so much as it's the half-way point...  of which I hadn't explored earlier....  Chinese food(not that I was gonna go for any of this), Mexican, some other interesting stuff including Cauliflour au Gratin(didn't try this), mac and cheese(wish I had room to try this), stuff like corn dogs and ......a whole friggin salad bar down there... dangit...So we were there on a Monday night.... and things were pretty bare.. which was really nice.... and at the end of our trip(like I said.. .this was the 4th buffet that we had done)... I wish we had hit this up at the front end of the trip.But anyway... I've been to a couple buffets.. other than Terribles, they have all been overpriced to some extent(sorry.. I can eat, but shouldn't,.  and certainly not $20-30 worth).. I'm an asian guy, and somehow I just don't get the same value for my money as what some people who look like they are regulars do.If money wasn't in question and I had one buffet to go to.. this one would probably be it.
4	Someone told me that when you stand at the salad bar you can't see the end of the buffet. I tried it. And it's true. I wish i could review all the things i ate. But i can't. This place has literally everthing. But here's a tip. There are discounts for this buffet in magazines and discount ticket places.Also. don't go during 7-8 pm. Guess what. It's busy.And, they have  bar inside (WOO!) But if you play your cards right, wait for the blue moon special (which is everyday) and you get cocktails even cheaper. They also have the special sovenier cups too. I recommend you eat then do a fe laps around the strip to walk it off :)By far the coolest and best way to have a buffet experienceALSo they do large group deals to!
3	When I first walked into this buffet, I was like WOW. It's pretty huge, and carries a huge variety of food. I was starving and I couldn't wait to fill up my plate(s). Another big thing I noticed once I walked in was the huge dessert bar in the middle. My boyfriend & I went on a Thursday night so it wasn't crowded at all. You have to pay through a touchscreen which I found out was really annoying when we went again on a Sunday with our friends. The line was soooooo long. I think we were waiting for an hour & we were lined up pretty close. But yeah, those touchscreens can cause some real traffic with those crazy lines.Anyways, back to the food. I'm a picky eater so I chose the most I could possibly eat. I got two plates at once. It took me a while to walk around & finally settle down at our table. There's a lot to choose from. The food looks amazing, but it wasn't as great as I expected. I honestly can say I've had better at Hometown Buffet (and that's sad). Some of the foods I tasted were way too salty, way too plain, or way too different (in a bad way). And the dessert..I love the apple pie & gelato ice cream EXCEPT the mint one..gosh, that mint flavor left the nastiest after taste. The waiter we had on Thursday night was extremely friendly, but the waiter we had on Sunday afternoon was very slow & cared little about our table. Overall I gave this place 3 stars because although I didn't enjoy it AS much, I know my boyfriend and other friends did (and they eat more of a variety than I do). I would go again if I was asked, but I wonder if I'll ever change my mind about the quality of food.
3	The deserts were 5 stars. The rest of the food? Total shite. 3 stars, SRY VEGAS
2	People raved about this place like it was the heaven of all buffets....ew.I was starving!! We got to nevada checked into our hotel and headed straight here.  We were there pretty late and it was close to closing so the lady told us to stack up now before they took the food away.  Basically we filled our table with loads of food and by the time we got to everything it was cold.  the food was not good.  I didnt like the selection and the place wasnt pretty at all.  Why do people like this place so much? Maybe the free beads hahahaha,
4	one of the best buffets i have ever been too. they have everything there. EVERYTHING. the only thing thats holding it back from getting 5 stars is that the line to get in is ridiculous and it is pretty pricey... but it is what it is i guess. if your ever in vegas you should try this buffet out at some point
4	World Buffet is correct! From sushi rolls to mexican rice, pizza to salads, crab legs to Asian stir fry and fresh carved meats. We were sitting in the Diamonds members only section with a private wait staff that did an outstanding job. They even made us special desserts for our table.You can't help but load your plate the first round, so seconds and thirds may result in a few bites here and there.I would advise to start off small to reduce the risk of your meal getting cold, work your way from right to left. This is a huge buffet room so take your time and make frequent trips back to the line.I must warn you that you may not want to do any nightclubing afterwards, you will walk out with a huge stomach.
5	We were going to try the Wynn, but it was way too expensive so we went for our second choice. Was that ever a good decision. We managed to get to the buffet at a slower time. Our waiter was nice, attentive and filled our champagne glasses when he noticed them empty. I started with the Dim Sum. The duck was so tasty and the shrimp har gow dumpling were fresh and perfect. The prime rib was melt in your mouth and there were rare slices aplenty as well as end cuts. I also spent a low of time with the snow crab and peel and eat shrimp. Since I only have one stomach, I did not try to Mexican or many of the traditional American dishes, but they all looked so very good. The desserts and pastries were fresh and perfect and they even had gelatto in six flavors. I will recommend this buffet to all my friends and I will definitely be back.Pros: Well prepared food, friendly efficient serviceCons: Could be a long wait in line
5	I've eaten at a ton of buffets in Vegas but this one tops them all.  CONS:It was more expensive than most buffets ($23 pp for dinner) and it's away from the strip.  HOWEVER there is a FREE shuttle that runs from Paris, Harrah's, and Caesars!   PROS:The Entrance looks like a line up to a carnival ride; numerous lanes that all have atm looking-like machines that you can use cash or CC to auto pay; even has the option to add your own gratuity! So there the lineup goes fast.Servers are at the front to seat you and you have your own waiter designated to your area; lots of places to sit so no complaints there.It is Vegas so there is a full bar on site as well. Prices are a lot lower than most places.  They even have hourly drink speicals.Now the food; HUGE plethora of things to choose from and it's all sorted out for youDesert, fresh sea food, pasta/Italian, fried foods, "hearty home cooked foods", Mexican, Asian infused, salads, soups, and American.  There is so much to chose from so leave A LOT of time and make sure you walk around first or you end up getting a plate of the most random things to eat.  They even have their own noodle/pho bar!  Seafood selection is endless and the King Crab legs are HUGE!!  I have to also mention my 2 favs:  BBQ Pork (perfection, tender and juicy as if it was right out of a store front window in Chinatown!) and their red velvet cake (moist, not too sweet, cream cheese frosting, INCREDIBLE!) ***Also a shout out to our Filipino waiter Nick for taking such good care of us!  He had impeccable service, drinks were always filled, plates were always clean and he always brought a fresh plate for the crab legs and shells!  That's service!
5	LOTS of FOOD far as the eye can see great sweets and good service, check this place out for the price it cant be beat.
4	I'm pretty easy when it comes to buffets.  I only have a few requirements:  (1) a clean dining room, (2) fresh and tasty crab legs and fried chicken and (3) mind-blowingly good sweet treats.  Carnival World Buffet satisfies all three with added extras like a great dim sum and fried food section.  Loved the fried food: fried clam strips, fried shrimp, fried scallops and onion rings!! Crab legs were juicy and tasty and the fried chicken wings were great.And I couldn't help but come back to get more sweet treats like their mint chocolate chip gelato with warm chocolate bread pudding and their bananas foster.  Highly recommended.
2	I went here on a Sunday for lunch. I thought it would only be like $16 but apparently that is only for weekdays! So the buffet cost me $25 which was a lot for lunch. The good thing about this place is that they have a WIDE variety of food and plenty of it. They have some Mexican, Chinese, American, Italian, and so much more! I was impressed that they served gelato instead of the usual soft serve that you normally get at a buffet. Now here comes the bummer part...the quality! Yes, you can eat up a storm and have so many choices to choose from. But the quality of the food itself isn't the greatest. Some of the foods were dry, flavorless, and just eh. So you can come here for the variety and the pure enjoyment of eating as much as you can. But if you want quality food, you should head somewhere else where you can pay the same amount but the food will taste 10 times better.
3	I came here for a company lunch New Year's Eve. Despite the incredibly rude behavior of all the staff @ the Rio I will stick to reviewing the Buffet experience.We were seated in a private dining area @ the buffet and it was packed 100's of people. Our waitress was in a great mood and wanted to make sure we had a great time.Now this is one of the largest buffets in Las Vegas I have ever seen.. They have so much to choose from, a full bar, made to order Asian soups and more.Like most buffets they have pizza,salad,chicken,prime rib,ham and turkey but here they also have a very large Asian cuisine section with made to order soups, teppanyaki-which had a long line but I have no idea what it is-dim sum which i have never seen at any buffet.Plus tons of cold snow crabs legs, shrimp, a full breakfast section, mexican,italian baked chicken, duck,ribs and of course southern & bbq and alot more I never made it to or can't remember.The gelato was great for dessert but there was really a disappointingly limited dessert selection. Most of the same tired buffet desserts except the bananas foster and crepes.The overall selection is great, the price is fair for a STRIP buffet ($25 per person), but the food is just mediocre-the same old buffet food as anywhere, nothing really stood out but nothing was bad either.For such a busy day they did an extremely good job of always having fresh hot food ready to eat.
4	Omigosh!  There is way too many selections to even try everything.  From Asian to American to Mexican to Italian, it kept going.  And it's cheap, in my opinion, for a buffet.  I suppose in Vegas all buffets are cheap though.  Anyhow, my family and I went for dinner and really enjoyed their Japanese stir fry, you get to pick shrimp or beef and put all the veggies you want.  Mushrooms, bean sprouts, garlic, and shrimp, SO good.  Their gelato was pretty, but a little disappointing.  But I liked their red velvet cake.  Very good.  Usually buffet cakes are dry and not so great, but this one was good.  Moist and the icing wasn't too sweet, like most of those cardboard cakes that try to hide the cardboard-ness with too sweet icing.  I thought it was great.  Will definitely go back next time I'm in Vegas.  Plus the ceiling parade is good old Vegas fun.
4	In 10 years, when you see Maury Povich cutting down a wall to rescue me from my house, you can attribute it to Rio's Carnival World buffet.I's amazing how much gluttony takes place when presented with an endless supply of fried, creamed, and broiled, options for $23.I have to admit, over the years, the Rio buffet has gone down in quality, but overall I still think this is the best buffet on the Vegas strip.  It's the variety that I like.  The sushi is terrible, but they do a pretty good job with American cuisine and their Asian noodle bar is awesome.  Best part (worst part for my thighs) the dessert area!I love the cannolis!  I used to love the gelato too, but even this has gone down in quality.  I had some icy chunks in my gelato, and I tried like 5 different flavors.  They need to make an insulin flavored one for people like me.Still top on my list, I just hope they get their act together on the gelato. =p
3	There is always a giant line that stretches from the door of the Carnival World Buffet. Literally, the line of hungry humans wraps around the wall past the Bikini Bar area, and...Oh, who cares. I get to skip the lines anyway.Waltzing past all those poor unfortunate souls who have to wait in that abominable line during peak lunch hours, I head straight for the Diamond line with my friends and am promptly seated. No, I did not pay.  But that's because I take care of the payments directly with the casino, you know, at those automatic money deposit centers lined in soft felt? Yeah, the card tables. They take all my money and give me food as a consolation prize. Yeap.To be honest, I wouldn't eat here unless it was for free.  I'm not really sure how much it costs, but I'm pretty sure it isn't cheap.  Judging by the consistent lines, I'm pretty sure that it's pretty popular, too.I just don't know why.  It's a glorified Hometown Buffet.  Granted, there is a greater selection and there are cool food stations, but for the most part, the food isn't all that special.Since birth, I've been afflicted by a crippling condition called Food Envy.  Yeah, I'm one of those, the ones who painstakingly chooses the best thing on the menu only to promptly regret it after seeing everyone's else's dish. There is no cure, but the most effective treatment that I've found for this condition is to order several things off the menu and give myself a variety.So a buffet is the perfect playground, wouldn't you say?Unfortunately, I've never had anything at the buffet and said WOW.  It was always just MEHHHHHHHHHHH for me.  The decor boasts nothing special (I swear, it's just a bigger Hometown Buffet!), the service is so-so (then again, the wait staff don't have to do much besides refill my drinks and clear the tables), and the food is just normal buffet food.So I was going to give it two stars.  BUT, I realized that perhaps I'm just picky.  My friends all love going to the Carnival World Buffet.  They grub and grub and leave entirely satisfied. So maybe the problem lies within me and only me.  =)Usually, I'll stick to the tried and true carving stations, avoiding the noodle bar altogether.  I don't know.  I've probably dined here at least 50 times, and I can't think of even ONE particular dish that I can write about. It's just not that memorable!Since it's free, I won't complain.If I had to pay, whoa. It wouldn't be a pretty review, for shizzle~  =)
4	like all the varieties of food.......family enjoyed!!!!!
3	The wait for dinner is sometimes ridiculously long depending on what time you arrive. Anytime before 6p, you're all good. Anytime after 6p, you're screwed in a 45-60 min line. I'd have to give this buffet a "quantity over quality" type of place. "Quantity" as in, they have a wide selection of foods. Being Chinese myself, I was actually surprised that their Chinese food was pretty decent to eat. Definitely better than the Panda Express fake sh!t. Their Mexican food was better than Taco Hell (Bell) and (Del) Hell Taco. Sushi was probably a step above your pre-packaged sushi from your local Safeway Supermarket at best. Although, you can't go wrong with their hoffbrau section since it's "all-you-can-eat" prime rib. Nor can you go wrong w/ their Italian section. It's pretty good w/ their pizza selections, spagetti, lasagne, and other pasta dishes.For their seafood section, I didn't bother to try because of the fact that I'm in the middle of a f*cking desert and the nearest ocean is at least a 4-5 hr drive away... So yeah, I don't really trust eating seafood if I'm far from the coast. Just how "fresh" can the seafood be in a buffet??
4	The dude at the omelet station looks like Walter Matthau's twin!! Great for breakfast. Pros: Lots of tasty choices. They even have turkey sausages. And gelato! Cons: Slow service, canned OJ and weird, leering casino lizards.  Sorry, but your fat gut and plate full of churros and whipped cream aint turning me on.
3	Went here over the weekend, had to wait a little even though we prepaid but that probably was due to the fact we had such a big group. They have a lot of food with a variety of things, the selection is very good. The food itself is just ok, good but not great. The only thing i really liked was the prime rib, everything else was just the same as any other buffet. Gelato and dessert cakes are really good though! Dont forget to try that.
4	Every time I go to Vegas I have to eat at Carnival World Buffet. I love their selection of food and mostly they dessert options. We stayed at the Flamingo and we were given $5 off coupon for this buffet. Dinner buffet was $23.99 and we got $5 off each person! We checked into our hotel at Flamingo and decided to walk to Rio to work up an appetite. Wow was it a long walk. Rio may seem close when you are on the strip, but it was a good 20-25 min walk. We arrived at the Rio at 9pm and there was not wait at the buffet. This time around, I really enjoyed their roast beef. The bf said the prime rib was tasty. The rest of the food was alright. Nothing to rave about. I went crazy with the desserts. I tried almost everything they had. Most notable were the lemon cups, carrot cake and velvet cake. The fruit in the fruit tarts were good too. I was a lil disappointed in the cream puff. They seemed old. As for the gelato I would recommend the cookies n cream. Tiramisu was ok... Oh and the service was great! Our server brought us napkins without us asking for more, cleared off our dishes promptly and was very friendly. What more can you ask for!
4	great food and wide varietydont eat all day and then go there at like 3:00pm and you will get lunch selection and be there when they switch to dinnerits expensive and probably not worth it for children as far as getting your moneys worth if your kid just wants french fries (which some kids in our party did)they wont seat large groups together without charging a large gratuity so our group of 12 split up into two completely different sections because they said that the waiters union will get mad if they set groups near eachother without them paying the large gratuityit was a pretty big bummer but i guess their hands are tied because of the unionthe food was so good though I think it would be great for a couple not a huge group with kids
5	So I recently came back from Vegas and I have to admit I was impressed by the quality of food at the Carnival World Buffet.  Ive been here numerous times in the past but I can see the improvement in food and choices.  I remember 10 years ago when this place sucked but now Im a fan.  The variety and taste is good especially for the price which is not as much.  Anyways I took a few different people here and heard no complaints from anyone.  There is always something that you will like.
1	Oh hell no!   Like other Yelpers I had heard great things about this buffet so we decided to try it out for a casual dinner during our recent trip to Vegas...big big big mistake.  This place was as awful as it gets.  While they had a wide selection of food from different genres, most of it was inedible or bland.  The prime rib and chicken were bland and I ate something that made my tummy physically sick.  The Gelato looked good but was disappointing.  Service was slow and the people that worked there looked like they did not want to be there.  I don't blame them I wouldn't want to be associated with such crappy food either.  I also agree with Brewgirl's observation, there are some sketchy looking people here too.Please save your money and go somewhere else... I'd take McDonald's over this place.
5	Rio's buffet has always been consistent with its quality of food. Seriously. They have a good mix of all kinds of food, from fried clam strips to steamed mussels to gelato to mongolian beef. On top of that, it was one of the cheaper buffet dinners on a Friday evening for only $23.99. Not to mention the registers to pay are self serve. Yes, self serve. Feel free to enjoy the animations of silhouettes dancing in the background as you type in how many people are part of your party or how you will be paying for your meal.I said before that they have way too much food to choose from here, but then again they tend to have the same dish on 2 different sides. There's a bar in the middle of the buffet, but unfortunately drinks aren't free. The bartender does announce on occasion what the specials are for the next 15 minutes. The fried rice had the restaurant quality to it, and the steamed mussels were cooked to perfection. The sushi rolls were decent quality, but don't expect it to be awesome. I do appreciate the fried goodness section, which is basically a french fry medley, fried cod, fried clam strips, fried shrimp, and fried scallops. Fried scallops! I love scallops, and that's just amazing! Oh, yeah there's also clam chowder and lemon baked chicken. Hungry now?I went to Mirage's buffet last Thursday for lunch and I was sorely disappointed with their selection. If you have a car, make the drive out to this one, or bum a ride off the free shuttle coming from Paris.
5	Two words....crab legs. I love me some crab legs. Everything from the prime rib to the gelato is very good. There is something for everyone. They have it all. I'm not a big fan of prime rib but since I tried it, I just fell in love with it. It is so tender and juicy. Yummy. The velvet cake is very good as well. Plus, they have a bar in the buffet. Endless possibilities.
5	This place is incredible!  The line seems neverending, but it's well worth the wait.  Their price is really decent, considering I went to Caesar's and Wynn's buffet for almost the same price and was disappointed in how limited their options were.When I first got to Rio's buffet, I was so confused on where I should first go.  They have dishes from all over the world like all the other casino buffets-- but the difference is that Rio's is gargantuan in space and has an incredibly vexing amount of selections.  Even if I took a very minute morsel from each station, it just wouldn't have been possible to try everything.  A person really has to pick and choose what they want to eat beforehand, because this place will make you dizzy with food.Their dessert selection is just as copious.  It was almost frustrating to try and pick one or two because my stomach couldn't ingest anymore!  I have never been in a place with so many options; I feel like I have to come here at least ten times to get the taste of everything.  All in all, the food is delicious and well worth the money.
4	We both have dined here at least two times already. We absolutely love the prime rib and crab legs!!! I enjoy the wide variety of international foods they offer! Japanese, Italian, American, Chinese, Vietnamese, Mexican, and so much more! but where is FILIPINO?? They should have some adobo or at best.. diniguan!!! yum!! but I have yet to try it all!! They even have pho!! Love the dessert selections and the gelato. Love the fact that they have a bar in the buffet... even more... they serve drinks like long island ice tea for only $4 at certain times of the day.The price is $16 for lunch on weekdays (excluding holiday weekdays.. like on a monday) and bout $25 on weekends. Not a bad price. They even have pay it yourself touch screen machines.We would definitely come back here agian.
3	Carnival World Buffet....It lives up to the name, there is just about every category of food available at this buffet. I cant even name them all! Chinese, Japanese, Vietnamese, American, Mexican, Italian, the list goes on and on and on! Just like your typical buffet, prepare to walk through the whole buffet line just to check out what it is they have to offer here. This place suits just about every nationality's needs if you limit yourself to certain foods like my dad does. He prefers Chinese food over all, so I would take him here if I was ever with him in Vegas. Seriously, if only my gf can find me the picture of me along with the 10 plates of food on the table that I just finished while holding my belly as if I was pregnant! I love food, and if you want to try out some ethnic foods, no better place to check it out, then here at Carnival World Buffet.
4	Best buffet ever.  It is my own fault that I eat myself stupid when I come here, but I was certainly enticed to do so by the chefs at Carnival World Buffet.  Literally hundreds of different items to choose from, this place doesn't get old, I just get full.
5	LOVE this buffet.  Better than Bellagio, and cheaper!  It's huge and there's a lot to cover so be sure to get little bits of things and come back for seconds..I hate people who waste food.Mongolian BBQ: pick your own veggies etc and the guy woks it for you right there..delish.Pho: We were craving it the night before and it hit the spot the next afternoon..ask for extra soup..they tend to skim on it sometimesCrab legs: good, but sometimes salty.  They don't have the warm ones.Sushi: really, never eat sushi at a buffet..NEVER.Carrot cake: DELLLLLLIGHTFULSo is the gelato.Con: They now have self-serve registers which is ok except it's very slow and not all of them are open sometimes meaning our party of 13 took about 15 min just to pay.
4	yummmyy!!! I always make it a must  to  come here whenever I visit vegas. The prices is actually pretty cheap compared to a lot of other good buffets in vegas. it is 23.99 for dinner, we had about 21 ppl so we paid like 28 alltogether per person including gratuity so wasnt bad at all. There are so many choices here and you never leave feeling unfilled or unsatisfied. I prefer the dungeness crab legs tossed in a sauce (asian style) but the fresh snow crab legs they had were really yummy! The prime rib like melted in my mouth! and the dimsum is actually better than I have had at some restaurants. I love the soup station! Most of us were hungover alot and make your own pho station was awesome! prolly not the best pho but shoot they still had its own little make it yourself station which was awesome to me. They have a bar here too which can get the party started early lol. come here for a buffet! its a great deal for the money and very yummy!!
3	Great food but can be a bit pricey.  I like that they are very automated because their lines can tend to be very long at the wrong time.  They have a WIDE variety of foods and the people working there are very helpful.  They have one of the biggest selections of crab legs that you will find in a Vegas buffet which can be a real find.   A true Vegas classic!
2	I don't get it! I had the WORST experience at the buffet at the Rio for brunch this Sunday. The line was long. We waited about an hour. Which was fine. It was about $50 bucks for two of us. OK. Once we got in was when it all went terribly wrong. Yes, they have crab. BUT.... We both finished a plate before we had some one come ask us for our drink order. And then it was like pulling teeth trying to flag our server down for more mimosa's. Even though we had waited an hour to get in, there were empty tables everywhere! So it wasn't really that busy. And our dirty plates sat on our small  table far too long before they were cleared. We shared a napkin for a while because we couldn't find one anywhere and our server was missing. The "sushi" looked worse than grocery store grade sushi and that is being generous. No bagels and cream cheese. What the???? The eggs benedict tasted like perfume. ewww. Did I mention we couldn't find our server for more champagne and mimosa's.. Seriously, everything was greasy and though there is a wide variety to choose from I thought it was all garbage. Sorry, Rio.
4	Locals special 50% OFF lunch or dinner!! I couldn't believe it usually it's $24.00 pp for dinner but 2 for $24-I'm in.I nearly ate til I had to be carried out. I wanna meet the man/woman that has made it from one end to the other and eaten 1 of everything. I would be impressed.One of the best varieties anywhere but most of the food is still mediocre, but some stuff is better than others.I love the bananas foster & of course nobody can get enough of the crab legs.Locals do yourselves a favor and take advantage of this deal while it lasts, you can't go wrong.
3	I heard this buffet was supposed to be really great. One of the best in Vegas. After eating there myself, I found it to be just okay. I must have came in at the right time because there was virtually no line to get in and it was Friday evening. Human interaction must not be the Rio's strong suit. Payment is automated and is all done by touch screen. Then when you get to your table, your server will come and say he'll be right back to take your drink order. Then, you end up waiting a week before he comes back.The food selection here is huge. It's truly a world buffet. It's just that nothing really blew me away. There wasn't anything that made me say, "I'm definitely coming back!" Only, "Hey, this is alright. I might come back... Maybe." For the price, I don't  know that this buffet is really worth it. There's a LOT to choose from but nothing really spectacular that sets it apart from other buffets. You might be disappointed.
3	I wish I could give this place a 3.5, but I can't. I've been to Vegas buffets before, but this was definitely the biggest I have ever been too.  We came for Sunday brunch, and it wasn't very full, but it took a long time to get in.  Why?  Because they have these stupid machines you have to get through that are very picky about the bills they accept, and the guy in front of us didn't seem to have a credit card.  Also, it being Sunday, for some reason their price was $24.00 all day, which is way too much. I think I did a good job trying out all of their fare.  I got sushi, some fried stuff, some prime rib, some tacos, some crab, some stir fry, and... well whatever else they had.  The food was ok... some pretty good quality and some (like the sushi) definitely of a lower quality, but by far my favorite was the dessert.  They had some delicious gelato flavors, with some great little mini-cakes and pies.  Add that with a couple cookies, a churro, and all the sprinkles you can eat, and you have yourself a great dessert buffet.
3	I was really excited to try this buffet because I always saw those ads and billboards around Vegas saying it's one of the best, but it really wasn't. I paid $24 for the buffet, but I didn't like anything in particular. It was all about the quantity and not the quality. I would much rather spend more money to eat at the Mirage, Wynn, or Bellagio buffet. The line took FOREVER because instead of cashiers, they had these stupid machines you pay at. It's like those self checkout lines at the grocery store but so many people don't know what the fuck they're doing so it's actually way less efficient. I think my favorite thing here was the vanilla yogurt gelato and I really don' t know how much that says about the food.
5	I thought this place was absolutely great! The only thing that I could even complain about would be the other customers, super rude. But the staff was amazing, Arden was our waiter and he was absolutely great!!! Going to bring the whole family to this one!
5	I just went here this last sunday. The food was soo good way better than the buffet in the Harrahs hotel. My friend had a voucher so we were able to get 25 bucks off our plate. Other than that the place is pretty expensive. It was Sunday Brunch and they had FREE Champagne. It was great, but its not good to go there before you leave VEGAS because me and my friends got so full that we could not drive home, we had to pull over at buffalo bills and take a two hour nap.THE FOOD WAS THE BOMB!
3	Huge selection! I don't go to Vegas often so i was unsure of where to go. We wanted crab legs so we went to the Rio for their All-Seafood buffet but there was a long wait and it was about $40/pp so we walked down to the other buffet in the hotel: Carnival World Buffet.There was still a wait but at least this one was only $24/pp.Great crab legs! That alone made the trip worth it. They had a wide variety of other food so I'm sure even the most picky eaters can find something they like.  Although as someone else stated it's more about the quantity than the quality. The service was friendly and they were quick about bringing drinks and bus the tables.
3	Loved the spread ! Very satisfying and filling!Happy with the selection and of course the taste and quality of food.A must try for people who loves buffet Vegas style!
3	I really want to give this 4 stars but I can't.  The food selection is great and the desserts are really quite impressive however the weak coffee and watered down orange available at breakfast really kill it for me. Long gone are the days of the cheap buttets with great selections. I get it now. After being in Vegas a few times I get it. But that is no reason to skimp on something like that. As a serious traveller I get that most people will not get this but I don't care. I find it a great value for what you want but I would rather sit down to an a la carte dinner at Spago's, The Palm or Stacks anytime over this bufftet anytime. Now I wish I'd tried the Wynn buffet.
3	It definitely has the variety part down, but taste wise, it's seriously lacking. When it comes to buffet's I want more than just quantity. GIMME FOOD THAT I WANT TO STUFF IN MY FACE WITH ALL DAY LONG!!!I think it's time I tried their other buffet. The seafood buffet is what they're known for. I should have listened,  but after a whole night drunkenness, it's hard to crave seafood.
3	The buffet had a great deal of food choices, but most of them were the kind you walk by without a second look. However, the dessert bar here is worth praising. Lunch will cost you about $16.99/person, dinner $24.99.
2	I can't believe I stood in line for so long just for a mediocre brunch. Once you were in, it seemed a little chaotic and our drink server kept bringing us drinks we didn't ask for, confusing our table for others. My boyfriend grabbed an eggs benedict and it was cooked completely wrong. The yolk was fully cooked instead of being runny like it's supposed to be. I made the mistake of ordering a smoothie because it ended up being half blended ice chunks without any flavor that didn't fit up the straw. When it came to dessert, I was super excited that they had gelato. i asked for cookies n' cream, but my scoop didn't have any cookies in it. I watched the lady scoop out mine, then as i was walking away, i watched her sprinkle the cookies onto the rest of the gelato for the next person in line. GREAT!
5	We took the long walk from the Excalibur to the Rio and worked up a massive appetite so we could enjoy this amazing buffet for lunch.The Carnival World Buffet is HUGE! There were an abundance of stations and we weren't able to try it all because there was just too much!  Their Asian choices were very good, as were their Italian style salads.  There was an absolutely amazing cheesy pasta that I wish I would have had more of.  There was a sandwich station but we decided that if we opted for that, we'd be too full to enjoy dessert!The desserts were phenomenal.  We tried 4 types of gelato between the two of us and none of them disappointed.  The bread pudding was delicious, as was the cheesecake.  The cherry pie was ok, but nothing to write home about.  This was our favorite buffet in Vegas and it was definitely worth that long walk!
4	The selection of food was great and the price was much better than that for the Seafood buffet (we were a bit shocked that it was over $40.00 per person).  I was not too thrilled with their automated check in but the staff was pretty nice.Desserts were great!
3	Buffet was good, but not spectacular.In the Asian/Chinese section, I found the juciest BBQ Pork, otherwise the entrees were ok.Deserts were average.....ambience was not memorable.
5	Carnival world Buffet was GREAT. First of all, just like advertised, the decor is awesome. Very modern and very nice. I also liked the tables - very minimalistic yet nice looking, not the usual plain boring seats you see at restaurants. One of the things that first astonished me was the Heading to the food line, I was surprised to see how much food there was. The food line was very long and offered everything such as American, Italian, Greek/Mediterranean, Italian, Meats, Chinese, Mexican, Japanese, etc. Most of the food I tried was excellent. Some of it was okay, but that's understandable since it would be hard to have every item out of so many to taste great. I particularly liked the several fishes I tried and also the baked salmon at the cutting station. The sashimi and salads were also great.Last but not least, I loved the dessert options. I tried the creme brulee and chocolate gelato.. yummy. If you're looking for a new buffet to try out, check out the Carnival world Buffet. I definitely want to go back next time.
4	Every time I go out to Vegas, I have to hit up the Carnival World Buffet located at the Rio! This place is outstanding! Now, buffets are always places that put me on edge and were also places that I absolutely loved at a 16-year old! However, this one' quality is amazing and the food is great! Everything u could even want to eat for $21! I got fried scallops, sushi, crab legs, prime rib, mashed potatoes, shrimp, salad, lasagna, meatballs (amazing), and for dessert I got cheesecake gelato, bread pudding, and flan! You can't beat the price for how good the food is and how much of a selection they have! Each time I go, I return the next visit out, which I will return again!
4	There are always mixed feelings about buffets. There are those of us who can never quite decide what to eat, and would try everything on the menu; (if we had 10 stomachs) and those that are looking to be gluttons on a budget.I like a huge variety of foods from around the world, I love diversity, and never have one particular craving. Therefore, if I can recommend any buffet in Vegas, it is this one.This buffet continually gets voted Vegas' best, though you will also find many complaining that the food is second rate, the lines too long, and the wait not worth it. Well, let me give you the rundown. The buffet is open from 7am-10pm, seven days a week. Of course the breakfast array is more limited than dinner, but when you arrive first thing in the morning - you can avoid lines and know that everything is fresh. However, also note that because the selection here is so varied and vast, there are many stations at which you can have your food prepared fresh. (i.e.: sushi, mongolian bbq, teppan yaki)There is something for everyone here. Homemade pies, burgers and fries, pasta, mexican, japanese, chinese, great salad bar, and much much more. The key thing is temperance here. Get a spoonful of everything that delights your senses, then you can try everything!Breakfast is $13.99, Dinner $23.99. A lot of reviewers claim that these prices are too high. Perhaps they don't realize that they are paying for more than 300 dishes, all of which they could eat if they had room...
4	I went here with a large group of friends during our group vacation to Vegas...when we spoke to people who had been before, one thing we were all told was that we had to have the Rio buffet. Now, I love the all-you-can eat concept, but oftentimes the food can be...how shall we put it...not of the highest quality due to mass production. Or maybe I'm just scarred by childhood "OCB" memories (Old Country Buffet, for anyone confused).Now that our Vegas trip has come and gone, and multiple buffets had been sampled, the only one whose food I remember is the Rio's. And all I remember from that were the crab legs. Oh the glorious crab legs. Honestly, I don't remember much beyond that, although I do remember our super friendly busser show us all how to (properly) shell a snow crab leg. Guy was crazy skilled. Definitely recommend the buffet here. All that's left is for me to go back to "refresh" my memory.
5	LOVE LOVE this buffet... I have been going here for years and it just gets better. The quality of the food is amazing and surpringly I come here for other food besides the crab legs (i'm not much in that stuff). Every bite you can tell this food was preciously made not mass produced like other buffets. Why I love this place is different than others but I love their pasta and how you can choose the amount of sauce you want. The service was good and attentive. The line wasn't long but we did go on a Wednesday night. I like the hush puppies and pretty much the whole seafood aisle. Make sure to order coffee... It's delish and I like it than the other buffets I went to. If you want a soda... order both.... that's tbe beauty of buffets.. all you can drink too..
4	This buffet is a must for all first-timers. At under $30 dollars per person you can taste the world in a single dining experience.  Whether you're craving  fast food hamburgers in a box, prosciutto& honeydew...or maybe even sushi and enchiladas, whatever floats your boat, there's something for everyone. It is a little more expensive compared to other well known buffets in town but, if you've never tried it, GO FOR IT! Arrive on an empty stomach and bring your adventurous side!
3	Ate here for breakfast since we were comped coupons.  It was a pretty standard buffet, but for 3 of us to eat with the coupon it was like $10 so can't complain about the price.
5	Yo this place is bangin. People kept telling me about this buffet, so the last time i was in vegas i participated. i think it was only 23 bucks for dinner but the food was very very good buffet food. i mean some of the stuff was amazing to be buffet food. The station with the guy cutting the meat is awesome. All of the food was seasoned so well, cant beat it. Definitely check out this buffet if you want really good food for the low low.
4	I'm telling you, guys!  This is the best buffet in Vegas!  Decently priced (UNDER $30!) and large selection of GOOD food.  Every plate I fill up, I'll finish at least 90%.  I've been comparing every other buffet in Vegas to Carnival and this is my favorite by far!
5	The best buffet in Las Vegas, hands down. They offer a lot of food choices, the wait staff is quick, plus we went on a Friday night around 6pm and were seated immediately. It is under $30 a person, which is a great deal. Those of you in the Chicagoland area, the Four Winds Hotel and Casino in New Buffalo, MI is the closest thing you'll find to the Carnival World buffet outside of Vegas.
3	Came for lunch. This is definitely one of the biggest buffets of the Vegas hotel choices. As soon as I walked in I was very impressed with the size and the choices available. Unfortunately, the more times I went back, the less impressed I was. The quality of the food is just not top quality. The place itself is not 4-star, but more like a cheap buffet ambiance. The price tag on the buffet reflects the compromised quality, but hey if you're looking for something a little bit cheaper than say the Wynn or Bellagio, and still want a great variety, then this could very well be your spot.
5	i personally like this one better than the sea food buffet!!! they have all the seafood here too!!! u kno, its been a while since ive been here because i dont want to become huge... LOL but this is the best buffet i've had in vegas.they have a super wide variety and i remember everything tasting heavenly!
3	We came out here on a Friday night for dinner. Since the majority of us aren't big seafood fans, we decided to try the world buffet as opposed to the seafood buffet. The price for dinner was reasonable at $30 a person.I  must admit, this place is huge and has a TON of variety. There's italian, bbq, mexican, chinese and american. They even have a pho and mongolian bbq bar. Don't get me started on their dessert choices. UNBELIEVABLE!However....I personally didn't think the quality was up to my standard. Some of the food was really bland or too salty. The presentation on some items were horrible. It looked like the food had been left out under the heat lamp for hours.But don't get me wrong, some of the choices were very delicious. I especially enjoyed their desserts. If you're looking for variety, Carnival World Buffet is your best bang for the buck.
4	This is a big place with a lot of variety. The food is decent. Our server was friendly and attentive.
3	I have been reading these mixed reviews about how you can't review a buffet because shit changes blah blah blah and all that crap. Get out of my face. This place has decent food at best. The one and only thing that got rave reviews from me and my friends was the coconut ice cream. We waited for a long while to get the crab legs and the fuckers were cold. Who the fuck serves cold fucking crab legs. Warm them shits up. This place is good, but find a coupon for it. It's also off the strip so I'm the gaming is decently priced. Eat here if you prefer variety over quality.
3	This is a very big buffet and it has alot of selections but I have to say more than half of it is unedible.  Either they are just bad quality food or it looks like hell.  The sushi was looked like it was stale and had a clear wrapping over it.  The only thing that was redeeming was that they had a noodle station that wasn't bad and a gelato bar which is always good.
4	I would have to agree with Jacqueline. If the vote was between the Wynn, Bellagio, and Carnival World Buffets - my vote would be for Carnival World. I will be the first one to admit that buffets are not my favorite. However, my friends love them and I find that each time I go I find something that I like. This is because there is so much variety and there is generally something for everybody...even picky eater's like me. I have been to the Buffet at the Wynn and I was not impressed. I have also been to the Buffet at the Bellagio - It was okay, but the buffet is way overrated in my opinion. However, I truly enjoyed Carnival World Buffet. This is probably because I love fried shrimp, calamari, waffle fries, pizza, sushi, etc and Carnival World put all these things on the map! Now, if you love somewhat undercooked (or red) flavorless lamb chops, grilled lamb, ribeye steaks, duck, prime rib, vous de vous (sp) baked pastas and cold crab legs, California rolls, salmon and tuna sashimi, then Bellagio Buffet is the way to go. The food at Bellagio looks really good and will impress anyone at first site. However, the food did not warrant a 1 hour wait. Carnival World is definitely worth the wait.
3	Meh. That about sums up how I felt about this buffet. I thought this was supposed to be an AMAZING WORLD FAMOUS buffet and it was just okay. I went there for Sunday brunch and although I did like the many food options I dont think it was worth my $29 nor the long wait I had to endure. Those stupid ATM like machines that you pay at really hold up the line. The one thing I did love was the bottomless mimosas, and they were pretty strong too! If I was near the Rio or staying at the Rio I would probably check out their Sunday brunch again just for the mimosas alone.
4	i loveeeee RIO BUFFET! everytime I come to Vegas I always try to make a stop here.. I love dipping the crab legs and shrimps in the butter *drooool* They have sooooo much variety and they have gelatos too! This place is huge and you'll even before you reach half the buffet! Wayyy better than the Caesars Palace buffet (*booo!!* )
4	this buffet has everything... like 5 different countries' cuisines combined!corn dog was absolutely the best ever.  i know, odd huh, like how could it be at a buffet...decent gelato selection... but wat other buffet offers gelato?the shuttle from paris to rio handed out free lava cake coupons.  again, amazing dessert.  i'd rate it higher than any dessert u can find at chili's, gordon biersch, applebees...stellar service i must add.
3	it was about 2pm that we finally had our first meal so we were ready to eat.  it was a saturday afternoon so they charged us brunch buffet @ $24pp...i thought that was so expensive but after taking a $10 cab from Wynn and waiting 10mins to be seating...i didnt want to go anywhere else and just wanted to eat.started w/ the shrimp cocktail...there were two flavors...i did two plates with my hubby.we then took two plates of crab legs...not too much meat there.then the prime rib carvings...yummy...red meat is my thing.then the asian noodle soup...3 different kinds, 3 different bowls.pasta was next.fruit was nextthen dessert...OMG, the dessert, such variety!!!!  and they now have a person serving fresh made gelatos...i was in heaven.  two servings of the coconut please ;)I think i would go back but not on a wknd as it does get pricey if you have a big group.the food was OK, even though i was hungry.  nothing really stood out, just a lot of food and different variety.
4	I love the fact that there is different stations for salad, mexican, italian, soups (you can order it and they will make it) teppanyaki (make your own creation and they will cook it for you), sushi, chinese, dim sum, american, seafood (crabs, shrimps), fried seafood station (hush puppies, scallops, calamari) carving station, desserts (pies, cakes, cookies, bread pudding, etc.) and also a gelato station. so many choices and enough that you will find something you like. I usually get the crab legs...i figure if I eat a lot of this scrumptious crab, then it will make up for the cost of the meal which is around $25 per person. I also always get the ribs...so tender and delicious. I also get a little taste of everything but my main meal is the crabs. Squeeze the lemon juice on it and dip it in butter...aaahhh heaven.I just recently tried their sugar free coconut pie and I also added the cherry jubilee sauce on the side...this is now my favorite dessert. so good and not too sweet.The service is also stellar- never ending supply of napkins, wipes and drinks. Our server was quick with taking our empty plates and re-filling our drinks. All in all a great buffet...I have yet to try the wynn buffet. But so far I do like the carnival buffet as well as the seafood buffet at the Rio.
4	Oh sweet Jesus!  For some reason there is a magnet at the Rio that always has me coming back.  As far as my memory can take me, I think this is the only buffet I've ever been to in Vegas.  But then again, memories don't really exist in Vegas due to the consumption of mass quantities of alcohol.Hadn't been here in YEARS, like I'm talking back when I was here in high school was the last time I had been here, soooo 5 years, give or take some years (it leaves my age ambiguous).Walking in to get to your table is like finding your way through a maze.  Seriously, it took us almost five minutes.  And then, the worst part of it is when you're drooling out of the corner of your mouth with a completely stacked plate of food in hand, you can't find where you were sitting!  I wanted to just plop down in the middle of the floor and start eating with my hands. I think between my boyfriend and I we had about 9 plates of food plus more than enough servings of dessert.I was so full at the end of the meal that I was tempted to just walk around with my stomach pushed out to look pregnant so no one would question if I really was or not. Gosh, I hope that never happens though.
5	Hands down, one of my favorite buffets in Vegas. Although I'm not a huge fan of buffets, this one just captures me. Maybe it's because of the HUGE variety of foods - from Italian, to Chinese, to Japanese, to Mexican, you name it! (:  This place makes my tummy happy and is a must-visit for me every time I visit Vegas :D
5	I went to the seafood buffet. It was 40 dollars. Man it was worth it though. They had all the most awesome sea creatures on deck.  Crab legs, oysters, mini lobsters, crawfish, that weird seafood mix thats at all buffets...I love how they separate all the food into cultures.  But you know what I'm like a black man when it comes to dipping into all cultures...They also have a meat carving station. I love when a man presents roast mounds of animal carcass to me and shaves it off onto my plate.  I mean? I think it must be that subliminal caveman sense we all still have in us.They have a bar there but you have to pay. Needless to say it was empty because after paying 40 dollars to eat you don't want to drop dollars on a cocktail.They have a gelato bar!!!!!!!!! This alone was almost worth my 40 dollars. And there were 12 flavors of gelato. Coffee is the best...Do not fucks with the lemon! Pinesol on deck...So they give you a basket to throw your sea animal carcasses in.  Ours was never full because are waiter/ server? was on point.Man this was totally worth it...
4	I ate here the last 2 times I went to Vegas, it actually got better the second time. The price is about $25, but we always find $5 off coupons and there is a shorter line for ppl who have coupons.  The only downside to the buffet is that u gotta wait in a long line and the waitress serves the drinks so u have to wait on them. Umm the crabs legs, fried shrimp, and tamales were my favorite. also had a wide selection of dessert. Gotta at least experince once if u go to vegas!
4	The buffet here has more choices than you can imagine. It is an international type buffet so it'll fit anyone's wants and needs. The dessert choices are endless. The service is good. Although a bit pricey, it's worth every penny. Come here and you'll see why this place is the #1 buffet in Vegas.
1	CLIFF NOTES:  SKIP THIS ONEI'm sorry but I have to lash out at the Yelpsters on this one!!!What are you people talking about?  Me thinks you are confusing quantity with quality.  I enjoy a good buffet as much as any.  This one is possibly the worst I have EVER been to.  I mean EVER!  The food was ........ nope can't do it.  From top to bottom this was a disaster.Only saving grace was that after I spoke with the GM and the head chef (In keeping with my "Vegas will remain a top lever service location" mantra)  I got a complete refund...
4	I haven't been here in a while, but from from what I remember, this was THE buffet to go to in Vegas before all the buffets on the strip became uber.  I believe it was 1997 when I first came here and I couldn't believe how massive this buffet was.  This was actually the very first place I ever ate in Las Vegas ever so it holds dear to my heart.  I just remember tackling the burgers and fries section since I love burgers and then going back to the stir fry station to get a some wok fried noodles with shrimp.  Then I came back here in 2005 to find it totally remodeled and expanded and the food quality seemed to be a little bit better.  I'll have to stop by here again someday to see if it's gotten better or worse from what I've been reading from other Yelpers.  To me it's still one of the better buffets in Vegas.
4	as Michael H. pointed out, the quality isn't all there. then again, it's $24.99 in vegas, you get what you are paying for, if not more.note to self: do not show up during lunch time. the line is loooooooong. 1.5 hrs loooooooong.anyhow, there are LOTS to choose from - and it really sucks not being seated in the middle as it's quite a distance to grab your food and get back to your seat. as with any buffet-style restaurant, all you can do is sample, and boy did i sample.eggs/hash/sausage bacon - eh. not a lot of flavor [except for the bacon because it's bacon!]fried stuff [shrimp/onion rings/fish] - nothing special. tastes like old fast food. pass on it.mexican - i had a taco. eh.prime rib and roast beef - bloody. not a meat restaurant so i couldn't be picky.shrimp/flavored shrimp/crab legs - i love seafood. unless this shit went bad, it probably tastes the same as any other place. enjoyed it a lot.asian soup - they had pho so i had to get it. tastes like ramen. i imagine all the other soups would taste the same.sushi - or more like fake rolls. pass.asian food - very picky in this department- didn't need to even try it. pass.dim sum - eh. shui mai - i'm not a good judge of 'dim sum'. tasted good enough for megreens - please, it's vegas and i'm on vacation.now the dessert section, on the other hand, is a different story. i think the guys that prepared the dessert actually spent time making them look presentable. they tasted as sweet as they look, if not sweeter. i sampled a lot. i probably enjoyed the gellato the most. it soothes a full stomach.oh, the waitresses were awesome enough to constantly refill my mimosa. heck, she eventually learned to leave the pitcher. har har har!
3	Every one I've talked to has raved about THE buffet at the Rio, and I'm guessing they were talking about the Seafood Buffet, NOT the Carnival World Buffet. The Carnival buffet is known for its massive variety of dishes and yes, if that is truly what you are looking for then this buffet is right for you.However, if you are expecting more than just variety and more of quality of the food itself, I am sorry to say that the Carnival fails to meet this specific criteria. The food definitely falls short of anything spectacular and even memorable; I cannot recall a single dish worth remembering today! Despite my negative opinions, the price is good ($25 for dinner) and the variety does live up to its solid reputation. The Carnival World Buffet is definitely a good place to go with a group of friends or your family, however, the Rio is off the strip so unless you're actually a guest at the Rio, you're going to have to pay for cab fare. So unless you desperately need to try this buffet, I suggest you go to another buffet that is actually on the strip.
4	For the price of 23.99 It is really good.However, some of the things int he buffet could be improved with a little bit of salt or not overcooking things like uhh fish, ribs and veggies.Gelato - BOMB. Get strawberryFlan/creme brulee concoction - terribleCookies - AWESOMEMongolian BBQ - GOODCrablegs - i hear its REALLY good. I'm not a fan of shelfishPiza - a tad oilyBaked Ziti - AMAZINGSoups - GreatSalads - you cant make friend with saladChicken Wings - REALLY juicy and crunchy YUMTacos/Nachos - Cheese is good. Meat is good. Taco Shell not so muchSalmon - Stiff overcooked and grossBeef Ribs - REALLY CHEWYother pastas - bland but edible Mac n cheese - REALLY goodSushi - pretty goodSeafood in various assortments - i hear its good, i dont do shelfish muchcustard cup - grossRed Velvet Cheesecake - hella goodcheesecake - really tastyeverything else - decent.I tried to name everything i ate but i couldn't.a summer of dieting so i can become a glutton for one night. but 4/5 it was worth it.Wynn was better but it was much more expensive and a longer wait.We waited about an hr and 20 mins but it was mostly because peopel didnt know how to use that damn self serve kiosk. and there was no one to help them.Some people are reallllllly challenged. but its okay, i ate away those feelings of anger. hahagive it a go, save some moneyt hat you were going to gamble away and spend it here. on food. yah yah!park in the left structure.
5	BEST CHAMPAGNE BRUNCH!ENDLESS MIMOSAS!!! need i say more? =)
4	I am not really a buffet person but this place right here at the Rio is the business! I freaking love it.  Dinner time price is $23.99 which is a good price because of all the tasty food.  You can get Italian cuisine, Mexican, Asian, American ...::rubs belly::... I had about 4 plates and oh how i wished I wasn't wearing my body slimmer haha.  Stuffed pasta, peel and eat cajun shrimp, ham, mashed potatoes and gravy, sushi, tacos, pepper steak, wonton soup, chicken fried rice, dang what else?!You need to stop by here, you wont be dissapointed! But get there around 5pm because after that, the line got ridiculous
1	My boyfriend and I came here because we had heard all the hype about the "Rio Buffet". When we got to the rio, we didn't know whether to go to the carnival or the seafood one, but my boyfriend isn't that big of a fan of the seafood, and we figured both buffets must be good because no one ever specifies which one is the awesome one, so we went to this carnival world buffet.Now if this had been the buffet everyone was talking about, it would have definitely been overhyped because this buffet was as crappy as any other asian buffet you would find in the Bay Area. The selection was crappy and I would not even classify the food as good asian food. The desserts were decent, bite sized pieces as they were, but not worth going back here for, especially since you need to take a shuttle, if you dont have a car because it's really far from the main strip!Seeing as how bad this buffet was, I don't even know if i would go through all the trouble of giving the seafood buffet a chance. I mean it's the same hotel but who knows, we'll see how i feel next year.BTW for such crappy food, we had to wait a really long time. I think we waited at least half an hour (alone for the restaurant). And probably another half an hour for the shuttle. It was definitely not worth the wait.
5	I have been here a few times and it always has a great variety of foods and it is a perfect place to bring a child! there is something there for any taste! and the price is spot on! However there can be a long line but patience dosen't hurt!
1	The Carnival World Buffet was a great dissapointment.  When I went several years ago it was awesome.  I guess because of the economy the quality of the food has went downhill.  I would not recommend this buffet to anyone.  I would've been happier trying a buffet elsewhere.  Not worth the money.  :(
4	If you're sitting in your hotel room wondering where to have dinner and you're deciding amongst the many buffet choices I don't think you can go wrong with the Carnival World Buffet at the Rio. It's a solid choice. I'd say for the price it's a great value and in terms of quality it's only slightly less than the Buffet at the Wynn and a whole lot better than the buffet at the Mirage. The food is pretty good and the selection is varied here, especially at a dinner price of $23.99.When we went at about 8:30pm there was a huge line but it moved pretty smoothly partially due to the fact that we played Tap Tap Revenge on the iPhone. However, once we used the automated pay stations (mandatory if you aren't planning on paying with your Rio room key) we were stalled at the front of the line with only a flimsy velvet rope between us and an intense session of stuffing our faces. What was lame was that they hold you up for apparently no reason as most of the seats were empty and you have to stand there staring at a fully stocked dessert bar. It made me yearn for the time I went to this buffet and was able to walk right in thanks to a friend's uncle being of Platinum status at the Rio casino. This time I was one of the poor saps waiting instead.There's three things I really like about this buffet:1) Crab legs. 2) Great service. The waiters pretty much hover around and make sure you're completely satisfied. One of them even cleaned our table while we went back for food but left my unfinished crab legs on one plate then added another so that I could put the shells on it. Nice.3) The gelato bar. I keep coming back to this buffet is for the Gelato Bar. Though all the flavors are nice, you must try vanilla creme for it is insanely good.Two things I don't like:1) The Rio is off the strip.2) Waiting. Other than that, I've had nothing but pleasant dining experiences coming here and it's a place I would definitely come back for if only for the gelato bar.
2	To review Las Vegas buffets I've broken it down into 4 sections.Appetizers:Nothing here was very fresh.  The crab was slimy and overcooked demonstrating lack of freshness.  Even the shrimp for the shrimp cocktail was slimy.  They may have the variety of items but lacks significantly on quality.Salads:Reminds me of a salad bar at a Sizzlers, and I hate Sizzlers.Main Entree:As with a smorgasbord I tried a little of everything.  All the meats were of the lowest quality I have ever tried.  They were so chewy that I was unable to eat it and spit most of them into my napkin.  Desserts:Large selection but of the items I tasted, they were all very bland.  Yes this place seems to focus more on quantity and variety.The Rio may have the largest buffet and variety in Vegas, but they have the worst quality of food I have tasted so far.  To experience the difference, try the buffet at the Wynn for comparison and you'll see what I mean.Decor: 2 Stars (very dreary)Service: 3 Stars (decent service)Atmosphere: 2 Stars (not very friendly)Food Quality: 1 Stars (terrible)Quantity of Food: 5 Stars (its all you can eat)Price: 1 Stars (too expensive for the quality)For a Grand Total of 2 Stars.
4	A solid 4 stars. This is a massive buffet with generally above average quality across the board. Nothing spectacular but pretty good. I had brunch here on 2 consecutive days and appreciated the made to order omelette station and other made to order cooking stations. The food tasted fresh.  Only bummer was no bagels at brunch which I was looking for. Rio offers some nice discounts to its guests to entice you to eat here. Would try again if staying at Rio
3	FIRST THOUGHT: HOLY FREAKING COW! IS THAT THE WHOLE BUFFET LINE?Pros:-Yes, the buffet strip is realllly long.-They have a little drink/mini bar ordering area smack dab in the middle of the buffet line.-The huge souvenir wine cup is cool! (Must purchase drink in order to get it)-They have a wide selections of food from many countries. -Seafood, pho, pasta, salads, pizza, roasts, chow mien, tacos and more.Cons:-I've been there 3 times and still, this place doesn't tickle me like it tickles other people. I'm not a fan. -There's a whole lot of food to eat but non of them scream "EAT ME!!!". -The food taste okay. Nothing special. Think of this place as a one stop spot for all the people who can't decide what to eat but the food isn't grand.-The dessert has to kick ass in my book. Their dessert area barely kicks rocks. It sucks! -You walk and walk and turn around hoping you've missed something to put on your plate... nope... keep walking to the things you already know you'll eat and put that on your plate.3 STRIKES AND THE RIO BUFFET IS OUT!!!
3	The food is not the issue here. Food choice was huge and it was pretty good. Lots of choices. What was horrible was the customer service. It was unbelievably bad. First me and my friends waited in line for about 45 minutes. There was a group ahead of us that had 25 people in there party and only one person working the register. The manager comes out and decides to let everyone in line, who was not a guest at the hotel, go in front of the line and they were seated right away. They then made a separate line for non-hotel guests and they were seated right away as well. Everyone else in my line, the ones staying at the Rio, had a look of bewilderment on there faces. We finally get to the front of the line to pay. After we finish paying that is when they decide to add a second cashier. Really? You barely add a second cashier now. What a way to make the guests of the hotel feel important. If and when they improve there customer service I would suggest eating here. But for now I say go somewhere else. It is Vegas and there are plenty of other buffets to choose from.
3	This place is really like 2 1/2 stars.  Luckily the line to get in on a Tuesday night was not that long.  I'm not a fan of buffets normally as the food is hardly ever fresh and it's all canned anyways.  Vegas is where I make my exception due to the high amount of traffic..the food has to be fresh...hopefully!Yeah...there is a ton of food here but that's about all that is interesting.  The decor is boring enough to put me to sleep.  If you are not a hotel guest you have to stand in a different line and pay using a machine.  What happened to human contact?  It was a bit pricey about $25.00 for dinner.The desserts..which are always the worst at buffets were actually pretty good here.  But would I go again...probably not...
4	This is probably one of my favorite buffets here in Las Vegas. Well worth the normal hour long wait and a steal for $25 with all you're getting. We came for the champagne brunch and everything is superb minus the prime rib. That I was a little disappointed at because I look forward to eating it at buffets and theirs was too tough to eat. I like mine juicy and tender with a little bit of fat at the edge. They have a huge variety of food and many different stations. Lots of fresh seafood too, the snow crab was a bit salty, but I think they always are anyways. The dessert bar is my favorite and they have Gelato! The Hawaiian Coconut is yum-o! I think the reason why the line is so long is because they use automated machines for you to pay instead of a real cashier. A real cashier can really speed things up compared to every individual having to process their own transaction. A lot of the times people get up there and have no clue what they're doing so it really slows down the line. And there's only two of these machines. But other then that, well worth the trip off the strip for some good eat!
5	WOW. Kid at a candy store? That would be me & the bf as we gasped at the size of this buffet with our noses pushed up against the glass of the buffet stations. There was food as far as the eyes can see! Okay not exactly, but it was huge, got it?This buffet isn't as outside the box as the Wynn but the selection of food was definitely wider. The only section that didn't have very good variety was the dessert sectionMUST TRIES:Baked Catfish - cajun & butteryPRIME RIB - best in town!Stroganoff - love the meatballsPork RoastVietnamese Pho - very authentic brothTeriyaki Chicken - one of the bf's favoritesHam - very sweetBaked Penne Pasta - one of the bf's favoritesBread Pudding w/ Vanilla Ice CreamOreo GelatoAVOID:Wonton SoupSausageThis is the best buffet I've had in Vegas. It tops Paris, Mirage - Cravings, MGM, Caesars, & even the Wynn. & for $25 bucks a person, not bad at all! Esp. since I won 300 bucks at the black jack table in the Rio right after =D
5	This is the best buffet in Vegas.  Totally worth the shuttle ride off the strip.It's almost TOO expansive...it's a hike back and forth and you forget where you saw dishes...seriously!We went for Saturday brunch...lots of diverse dishes; breakfast, Chinese, Mexican, sushi, typical American fare...
5	Still the best deal around, I'm the guy you'll see there holding a plate stacked two feet high with crab legs.
4	Longest buffet I've ever seen. A bit from just about every cuisine around the world. Tasted pretty good too :)
4	I had a coupon to get in here. and I shamelessly used it. hellz yeah. and what?This place literally has everything. Everything you can think of is here. and then some. if that were at all possible. Never disappointed. They have a huge selection of stuff. so much stuff that I can't remember it all. A lot of people have recommended this buffet to me, and yeah they were right. I went here for dinner and stuffed myself silly. I might as well turn pink from the amount of shrimp i ate alone. My only gripe was that when i got the prime rib, they didn't have steak knives, just normal butter knives. grrr, how am i suppose to cut this bloody meat?!? the waiter was friendly and said he would go find one for me, that the buffet themselves didn't have steak knives but he would go look at the other restaurants. I told him it was ok, that I'd have to be all caveman about this and eat it that way. Ok not really. Its located at the Rio which is not on the strip, its behind caesar's and no you shouldn't walk it. even though we attempted to walk it, its far, and there's a free shuttle that will take you there.  its worth the trip to eat here, and penn and teller are performing here as well. i went during the weekday so prices were lower and i had a coupon. don't be shy about using them. and take those free vegas magazines they have in the hotel lobby, their filled with discounts and coupons.
4	Can you say variety?! They have a little of everything. Italian, Chinese, Mongolian, Korean, Japanese, American, Mexican... I especially enjoyed the staples of the good buffets: prime rib and crab legs. When you're ready for dessert, try the gelato. WOW. Linger around the casino and you are bound to get coupons to the buffet. I got them from the pitboss and... somewhere else... I don't remember. Damn alcohol. Viva Las Vegas.
3	this buffet was ok. the staples were good enough, but the other food weren't really worth trying in my opinion. they just didn't look too appetising.this buffet does have a lot more variety than most of the other ones i've had. however quality is really lacking.although the things i did try were decent. the crab legs aren't half bad. most crab legs i've had in various buffets were too salty and lacked flavour. but the crab legs here were rather tasty. the shrimp cocktails were alright. a little small, but it didn't taste rancid at least. i got 2 plates worth of them!the prime rid was pretty decent too. well seasoned. roast beef was a lil too well cooked for my taste but it was ok. i also tried the short ribs that was swimming in oils....i should've gotten a second serving of prime rib.the chinese food didn't look good,  so i didn't give it a try. the mussels and garlic buttered clams were aite. the clam chowder looked so gross...the ny steak was way too hard.however the dessert menu was kind of, unappetising. i tried the no sugar added chocolate mousse thing with banana? that was pretty decent. the pumpkin cheesecake was stale. the gelato was pretty good. the churros were nasty. tip: get a coupon. we got a 25% off from staying at flamingo (purchased the coupon-savings room) it's pretty worth it with the couponfavourites: not bad seafood and prime ribdo not want: don't even touch the churros...the dim sum looked bad too....last words: it's ok, great variety but a sacrifice for quality. mandalay bay, bellagio, wynn and even paris are all better.
4	For the price, selection, and ambience, this is the best value and best buffet in Vegas. There is never a really long line since this buffet is huge. The price is great, you get a ton of variety, and they have the best crab legs for a buffet in Vegas. I'm a big fan of buffets and can honestly say that I enjoy this buffet the most, even in comparison against top contenders Bellagio and Wynn.
4	I've stayed at the Rio many, many times when in LV with the parents.  Since they are completely against any restaurant they can't wear jeans to or that has a per person cost of more than $50 bucks or so, we have eaten at the Rio buffet many, MANY times.  Overall, I like it, and I am totally NOT a fan of buffets.  I hate the way the food is only kept warm enough so that you can't make it back to your table before its inedibly cold.  I hate the way people breathe on and pick over the food - it's a buffet, not open heart surgery just PICK something already and move on....  Anyway, though the Rio does have these problems too to a degree, I've pretty much always been satisfied when I've eaten here - namely because of the crab legs and the shrimp.  I could sit here all day and eat just that.  I will say they have a TON of other selections that I kind of dabble in, I'll usually get some kind of pasta dish, a salad, maybe some teppanyaki or whatever they're calling their cooking station, a little sushi roll, a little dessert.  My parents seem to like the chicken wings a lot, and anything meat for my dad.  My mom, who doesn't eat seafood (actually neither of them do) always seems to have a full plate of options and to my knowledge has complained very little about this particular buffet (and she complains about a lot of food places :)  So all in all, it's definitely worth a go if you're in the Rio and want to eat somewhere where you can sample a little bit of a lot of different stuff. However, the line can get VERY long and price-wise its a bit steep for a buffet, 30+ per person, but that's not unlike most other LV casino buffets, so whatev.  Quality and content-wise, I would put the Rio buffet up there with the Wynn and Bellagio buffets, especially since you kind of get a better deal at the Rio.  It also helps that when I have gone here with the parents, who are Diamond+ and have rewards credits out the butt, we've always been able skip the line and they just cash in credits instead of having to come out the pocket with cash.  So no major complaints from me.  I like how they have the self-help touch screen setup so you can pay for your meal, helps the line go much faster.  And again, having dined here as a regular and sat in the back 40 (i.e. tables near the bathroom, approximately 1.2 miles from the food) it also helps to be Diamond or Platinum so you can sit in the VIP area - smack dab in the middle of the ginormous eatery that is the Carnival World Buffet.
2	Tina T's review is right on target.  There is certainly a lot of food, and it is presented decently.  However the quality and tasted were average at best.  My son and I visited the World Buffet about about 9pm on a Thursday in late December.  The hotel was extremely crowded and smoky and we had to wait in line for over 30 minutes (thus breaking my rule of never waiting in any line for more than 10 minutes).  Overall a disappointment.
4	Came here 3 times in November 09.  Came here 3 times in December 09.  I like going to buffets in the morning.  Eat a big meal in the beginning of the day and live off my fat during the day and night.For the price, this is an above average buffet.  They serve Pepsi and not coke.  Had to get that out of the way.They have made to order omlets, fresh pancakes, bacon, muffins and a host of other foods for breakfast. For lunch, it's the fried chicken (tastes like Venetian Room service), tacos, pizza, noodle station (won-ton, pho, undon, bird drop).  They even have a station where you can pick your own veggies and their will stir fry it on the spot with your choice of beef, chicken, or shimp.  There is baked fish, battered fish, battered shrimp, and fried clams strips.  They have an Asian area.  Don't forget the french fries, cris cut fries, onion rings, and burgers.  There is a bar for mix drinks.  And two styles of ribs.  There is a carving station with ham, turkey, etc.The dessert bar is yummy.  Fresh pies, great tasting velvet cake, cookies, and home made gelato.I would say this is a good buffet for people who like regular tasting foods.  I usually go to the Bellagio buffet but I don't usually eat the high end items like shrimp, foi gras, etc.Just make sure your server is not named Wally.  He is the worst.  I would have given this place 5 stars if it wasn't for him.  Also make sure the host doesn't try to seat you near the entrance (by the dessert bar).  They seem to always steer people in that direction and there is a lot of traffic in that area.  JUST SAY NO!Right now, they are running a promo where local residents of Las Vegas get meals for half price.  That is better than any coupon they had you on the strip.If they say your server is named Wally (hispanic guy), JUST SAY NO!  He is slow, disappears, doesn't refill your drinks, forgets your instructions.  Got him in November and make sure that my future trips weren't ruined by him.  Also tracked his service levels on my future visits to make sure I wasn't singling him out.  CONFIRMED, he is the worst!  Thought he was partying at night but crap service is in his DNA.  Hey buddy, if you don't like waiting on tables, clean the bathrooms.
4	Carnival world buffet started off great... then it went downhill... and i stopped going. So after at least 5 years of not going to carnival... i went back this Christmas Holiday. Had a brunch here on saturday before leaving vegas. $24 for brunch - not bad. The quality has improved. The selections are just as wide. From one end to the other end, there were no repeats of items. Although the desserts were a lot to choose from, but it was just okay. I say, stick to the gelato only. the orange juice was those concentrated ones.. not fresh. That or it was just watered down.. unlike at buffet places like The Wynn or Bellagio their orange juices taste VERY orangy.. i can even taste the pulps at The Wynn buffet.Anyway.. you can't compare Rio's Carnival World Buffet to The Wynn's or the Bellagio. But you do get what you pay for and i say it's worth it. I'd come back here again... just take the shuttle from Paris or Harrah's to get here if you don't want to pay taxi fee or don't have a car.
2	After trying PH, Aria, and Bellagio buffets the days before, I give this place a 2.5 star rating.  It is over priced at $25 a person for Saturday brunch.The crab legs were not on the same level as the other previously mentioned buffets.  There was a good selection of desserts but the quality was lacking.  I did like the canolis, but PH had just as good canolis.Most of the food was not very fresh.  There were a lot of fried/breaded seafood items including: shrimp, calamari, onion rings.  They had a Japanese teppan cooking station, but the quality of food was just ok.  The california and shrimp sushi was good however and fresh.
2	I really used to love this buffet. It was one of the things I looked forward to when going to Las Vegas. Unfortunately, times have changed and now I find the buffet only slightly better than Hometown Buffet and only because they have more variety.I did enjoy the fried shrimp and cannolis but be prepared for crowds and long lines. Even though they have an automated computer system that takes your payment we still waited in line for about 30 minutes before we were seated. The lines made me feel like I was at an amusement park.
5	I wish I lived here.right here.in the buffet.What if I never had to leave, and just took naps on the tables and ate and ate until I was so fat they had to wheel me out in an ambulance?Well-that *almost* happened.Carnival World Buffet served as the single most gluttonous experience of my life.  We sat here for *hours* eating til our hearts content-and then continuing to eat some more.All of the dishes were absolute perfection. Crab legs were fresh and well stocked, desserts were delightful, and the sheer amount of food to select from was simply overwhelming.My personal favorite was the peach cobbler-save room for seconds on that one!
4	While visiting family in Vegas, we all met up at the World Buffet in the Rio for lunch one afternoon.  I am not a fan of buffets, but with a large group, our choices were few.  I expected the usual Vegas buffet fare, runny eggs, cardboard bacon, dry roast beef...you get the idea.  The Rio changed all that for me.  The food was good - not outstanding, but by far the best buffet I have ever been to.   Lots of choices, well cooked and very pleasant servers who didn't mind that we stayed for a couple of hours.  A little pricey, but well worth it.  Give it a try, you will not be disappointed.
4	Was in Las Vegas again for the 2010 CES Convention.  And one of my friends friend was staying at the Rio, so we decided to try out Carnival World Buffet (instead of the usually buffet at Belagio or Wynn, which are excellent and also more expensive).  We were surprised to find that there was hardly anyone waiting in line to get in, but it could just be the economy is still bad and the number of visitors are still down.Anyway, we didn't go for the all day buffet deal, since it didn't make sense for us, as we were staying at a different casino.  But that would be a cool deal for guests staying or planning to spend most of their time at the Rio.Okay, down to the food and service reviews.  First, their prime ribs is just super delicious.  It might just be the best prime ribs we have ever had or our timing was perfect.  The BBQ ribs were also very good. The other food selections were fair or good.  The Asian noodle bar was nicely stocked with a varieties of noodles, broth or soups, and various toppings (chicken, beef, various meatballs and fish balls and vegetables).  The sushi selection was okay, not the greatest but nothing to really complain about either.The dessert selections were good. The caramel flan I tried was great, but I passed on most of the other cakes and cookies.  The banana foster was alright, but would be better if the bananas were caramelized more. I also tried their selection of gelatos (mango was good, but the no sugar added chocolate flavor tasted pasty/powdery to me).The chefs coming around to greet the guests was a nice touch.  I am sure they are not the ones making the food, but they definitely made the guests feel welcome at the buffet.
5	A buffet getting 5 stars? WTF right? those that know me would be shocked to even see 4 stars, but i have to give credit where credit is due. If there is one reason to choose this buffet and only one reason only, that there is a 24 dollar a day pass. Want to sweet the deal? go get a coupon book from the hotel and get 5 dollars off the buffet. That alone would get it 5 stars with most people but not me. so why did it get 5 stars? The prime rib, absolutely divine. I would pay for that prime rib in a shop. It wasn't dry, under or over seasoned. If i was trying to find a reason to knock it, i failed. The other spread of food was good too but prime rib was a standout. an average dessert bar, and gelato. I don't know if everyone serves gelato these days, but gelato is always special to me. So with the awesome price and great food i hate to do it but they get 5 stars.
1	I was extremely disappointed with this buffet. It was quite pricey-$23.99- for dinner and not even worth half that.  There is no question they have an unbelievable  selection of food but quantity vs. quality is the key here.  The crab legs-not king crab- were inedible, fishy and salty. The prime rib was tough and the beef ribs were grisly. The desserts were of the same quality I had at Main Street Station and Gold Coast. . Even these buffets are much better than Rio and at less than half the price.  There was nothing exciting or out of the ordinary  present that you would expect from a higher priced buffet. If you are looking for quality and gourmet offerings I would go to Wynn or Bellagio and, for only a few dollars more, enjoy a thousand times better experience than Carnival World Buffet. I would skip this buffet altogether.
4	After eating at the Rio Seafood Buffet I was stuffed! Well, I guess that would happen at any buffet. The selection was great, only thing it was missing was Indian food. That would have been wonderful.Anything from pizza, to the CRAB, seafood, sushi, prime rib, to nachos, tacos, Chinese food made for you on the spot, salad, soups, and the DESSERT!That buffet is never-ending. It stretches for a mile, or it seems to be that long. The wait staff was attentive and nice. The crab was great, fresh, i just wish they had better things to crack and pick them with, I guess bring your own if you have them. The desserts were eye opening! They had GELATO! Tiramisu flavor, so good. The cheesecake was.... my mouth is watering, creamy goodness. red velvet cake! woo hoo!A must when in Vegas.
3	Often rated as one of the best buffets in Vegas, I think they get those reviews due to the size of the buffet.  It's IMMENSE!  Everything you could possibly want.  The food was just meh, though.  I've had better quality food at Golden Corral.  I did like the sushi, although the selection was lacking.  All of the food was good -- didn't have anything that was bad, just nothing that really stood out.  Considering the price of food in the Vegas Strip area, though, $25 wasn't bad for as much food as they have on the menu.
4	That moment in the morning when you wake up and say..... What do i want for breakfast...  The answer that morning was Mimosas. We took off and headed to the Rio. I had never been to the buffet there, let alone the Mimosa buffet. We sat down and as soon as we could say wow to how long the buffet was, the server came up poured our first round and said would you like me to leave the bottle of champagne...... Well of course we would. The food was actually decent, it was not your ordinary cookie cutter buffet with powdered eggs and boxed coconut shrimp. The food was tasty and the champagne never ended. My only hangup is that champagne buzz sucks at 11 AM and the automated teller machine that you wait in line at to pay to get in, i wish they would hire real people to take the money, not because i want to dea with a person, more so to help out with some more jobs for the unfortunate.
4	The Rio Carnival World Buffet was a fatty's dream... there were so many different items to choose from! Definitely the largest selection from a buffet that I have seen so far in Vegas!We came here as a detour because we had initially wanted to eat the seafood buffet. A friend in the group doesn't eat seafood so we decided we would be accommodating and eat here instead.I enjoyed mostly all of the food here: dim sum, sushi, asian items, american items, etc.. especially the desserts! Their desserts selections are large and their gelatos are heavenly!
4	I went here for the breakfast buffet and was fairly impressed.  They had tons to choose from, and almost all the stations were open.  Who doesn't love mexican food at 8:30 in the morning?  The dessert bar had red velvet cake on display but none was out to eat.  That's okay I had chocolate gelato instead which was pretty awsome for breakfast.  I have had other 16 dollar breakfast buffets and this was the best.
5	I was so impressed with this buffet!  We went at dinner and it was $24.95 a person, I think (on a Tuesday).  I was pretty impressed with that alone based on how much dinner can cost in Vegas.  I have never seen so many food choices all at once from sushi to pizza to crab legs to egg rolls to prime rib to lasagna to gelato to cheescake... I could go on and on.  (I'm only sad they had Pepsi products vs. Coke, but oh well).  They had something from pretty much everywhere in the world, and it was all delicious.  I guess you kind of get a different crowd here than a nice steakhouse, but for something more casual, louder and laid back, this is a nice way to have dinner.
4	I'm normally not a big fan of buffets. The food almost always tastes bland and is almost never hot. Other buffets should take some lessons from the Rio. The food was delicious, there was an amazing variety, and everything was hot (even when I got it back to the table). Don't waste your time on salad (unless you really want to); there are so many other delicious options from all over the planet. I will never look at another buffet the same again.
2	Service sucked from the beginning. After we paid, we waited at the front of the line for a good 5 minutes as employees walked by and no one sat us until i got a hostess' attention and asked when we would be seated since a line was growing behind us and it was very slow in the buffett on a tuesday afternoon, she then asked if we wanted a table near the front and I told her "yes" and she sat us, shouldn't have taken that long and me asking to be sat in a spot that was available the whole time. Food was pretty good. other people in line were aggitated as well.
4	i am not a buffet person.  I dont eat a lot, and I dont really like to eat food that has been just handled by someone else.  But.Love this buffet.  The selection is amazing, and I always leave here feeling happy with the choices I had, and happy with the price I paid for them.  I usually eat sushi and seafood, and it has never let me down.If you do a buffet in Vegas, this is the place to try it!  :).
4	I like this buffet b/c it's HUGE!  OMG...I felt like I took a tour first before I got my food to eat.  For the price, it's a good place to go.  They have all sorts of food, especially meat.  Of course, everyone gets the snowcrab legs.  Dessert is yummy too especially the gelato (not too sweet and light on the taste).    The line wasn't long at 6 pm either on a weekend so no need to wait 45 mins to eat..go here!
4	Our go to place for a great buffet at an affordable price during brunch. Since the Rio is off the strip we usually take a cab there however there are free shuttles that come every 30 mins neart certain hotels.  The food is endless! and a great place for picky eaters! The buffet line itself is so long that sometimes I have to map out what I want to eat first! when you think the line ends..it doesnt! They have EVERYTHING! Asian, America, Middle Eastern, Italian, Mexican etc. During brunch you can get made to order eggs and omelets.  They also have all the fixings to a great all american breakfast too. Up until 3 pm they have bottomless MIMOSAS! Our waiter even set out pitchers for us becuase we were going through them like water! What I enjoy most is the craving station the rib eye is moist and never is dry.  You can never go wrong witht he seafood section. The CRAB LEGS are the best! The legs are so soft, easy to open and very buttery! Mind you mostly everyone there has plates of these crab legs!The dessert is awesome! Everything you can imagine. Red velvet cakes, chocolate cakes, creme brulee, tarts, lemon custards, gelato! I like how they make the bananas foster FRESH right in front of you.A must place buffet to try.
4	Every time I have come here the food is tasty and hot. The variety of appealing items is endless and you won't leave hungry or unhappy. There are plenty of crab legs to go around, a live teppanyaki, a station to make your ownasian soups, etc. The reason I go is the great food for a great locals price. Monday through Thursday locals get half off lunch and dinner excluding holidays as long they bring a Nevada id. Awesome!! One id is good for two people, so load up the car and come out.
4	Great buffet!  if you can get past the really long wait then this buffet is great!  It is better than 90% of the buffets on the strip (i would know since i've been to them all!  lol)Huge selections from all over the world (who woulda known right? haha)PROs:  they have gelato and pho!, Buy one get one free coupons!CONs: lame sushi selection, limited dessert selection, service sucks
5	Rio Buffet, I HATE THAT I LOVE YOU SO MUCH. I have eaten over six different buffets in Las Vegas (including the Bellagio and the Wynn) and I would still pay for the taxi ride to the RIO anyday. Doesn't hurt that the Chipendales are located there as well ;). A little eye candy or photo opportunity before you go stuff yourself. They have about eight different eithic foods to satisfy all your tastes buds. I love the Asian soup stand. Tell the chef what type of soup you want and they cook the noodles instantly for you. Come on.. everyone knows that a little pho/udon is great after a day of drinking. However, I would save some room for the crabs... Soooo gooodddd... I think each of us ate at least ten of those bad boys that day. Note: any group of 10 or higher that wants to sit together have to pay a $3.60 per person tip upfront (which is reasonable). We came in a group of 20 and they put us all in our own private room. YAY! Also, I recommend coming early if you are planning to eat dinner here. Especially, a Friday/Saturday. We came at 3pm and still waited about half an hour.
4	Was a great place to go the morning after a hangover. The food is moderately better than your typical buffet but the deserts are what set the Carnival apart. the velvet cake (especially carrot) was amazing and the gelatto was great. I'll be sure to come back next time I'm in Las Vegas.
5	YUM YUM! My second favorite buffet in Las Vegas. Only because they do not have enormous crab legs and jumbo shrimp like the Wynn. Besides winning a bunch of best place in las vegas awards, this is a local favorite. The best feature of this buffet is the huge selection. There are about 7 different types of cuisine plus a desert section. So you could have fried rice and roast duck with a side of hot dogs and hot wings if you like. I know that's a odd combo, but there should be a large enough variety to satisfy in the pickiest eaters.Highly recommend. Don't take my word for it. Just give the Carnival World Buffet a try. My only con is I don't have big enough stomach to try the entire buffet. I recommend taking small portions of the things that you want to try first, then later grab more of what you truly enough. See you there!
1	I had tickets to see Penn and Teller, so figured that I'd get dinner at the Rio beforehand.  Oh, what a mistake it was.  (Not the P&T part: they were awesome.)  This buffet was completely and utterly disgusting.First of all, the Rio is skanky.  The people walking through are the dregs of humanity, and they're all chain-smoking.  The Rio obviously hasn't invested in a ventilation system, and the smell of cigarette smoke pervades the whole place.  This includes the buffet.There's two lines for this place: the line for coupons and comps, which is massive and takes forever, and the line for the idiots paying full price.  I was in the latter line, which wasn't all the way out the door, but I should have taken the hint that if they have to give the food away, you don't want to actually eat there.  Since the staff here are completely incompetent, getting seated takes way longer than it should.  The good thing about this buffet is that it's got an immense array of dishes.  The bad thing about this buffet is that they don't have a single good cook on staff.  The vast majority of the food that I tried was either bland or cold, and much of it was both.  The meats were cheap and chewy.  If you could get past the morons piling up their plates with the crab legs and the shrimp and get one for yourself, you'd realise that they aren't worth the effort to peel off the shell, because they're slimy and disgusting.  The only thing that was even close to edible was the tortilla chips and the bright yellow cheese-like substance to go on them.  I could've gone to Taco Bell and had better nachos.
4	Best variety for the money! Quality is top notch....its nice that there is chef supervision over the buffet at regular intervals along the stations. They observe how the food is moving out and frequently will tidy or beautify a steam table to keep things attractive.The duck is the best I have had since my late night Peking duck runs to Chinatown while at college thirty-odd years ago.The crab was very good, not as "saline" and watery as many buffets provide. The hot butter was clarified, and yes, it WAS butter, not margarine or some other edible oil gloop....Great mashed squash, like Great Aunt Edna would make at Thanksgiving dinners.The turkey was excellent with a subtle spicing in the rub and the gravy. The fried clams were meaty and not at all greasy or heavily battered.The spicy shrimp were alittle bland for me, but buffets are not for the spice lover in any case.The braised pork chops had quite a few fans at our table as well as the prime rib. I quite loved the Lo Mein and the Black Pepper Chicken.Nice stir fry station.The gelato selection is nice and very tasty...no freezer burned ice cream here!I had the most delicious cherries jubilee with big plump black cherries and caramelly bananas foster and a heavenly Mexican flan (creme caramel, same difference). The rice pudding with coconut and dried fruit was interesting and flavourful but put a couple of people off who were looking for diner-style rice pudding...boring.The non alcoholic drink service is quick and refills come without asking. The alcohol service is odd...you have to go to the bar and pay first before they will deliver it to your table. I guess they have had too many people "drink and dash" in the past.There are some foods that you should stay away from at a buffet: pizza, burgers, steak, as they foods are not great to have just sitting under the heat lamp/steamer table...ick...The Rio has a distinct odor of strong, nasty cigarette smoke EVERYWHERE that was not there three years ago...they really need a new air-filtration system and an overall cleaning/repainting to get rid of the stench. While it is less oppressive in the Buffet area, it is still apparent, as people are allowed to smoke in the seating sections so you can't really get away from it. Vegas should seriously think of having no smoking restrictions in restaurants and designated areas for non smoking gamblers to enjoy while throwing away more money. I left right after dinner because of the smell and the heat. Pity, I went elsewhere to enjoy after dinner drinks and a quick little gamble. How many others do the same and the Rio loses out on additional income?
3	It is what it is - a Vegas buffet. A bunch of us chowed down on crab legs for most of our visit. The only bummer was they were the spindly snow crab legs and I would have much preferred king crab legs. They really made me work for what little meat I could get out. If you're looking for a generic buffet, this one will definitely do the trick. I will say the dessert island was pretty tasty. If it's seafood you desire, try the Village Seafood Buffet also at the Rio. Unfortunately it was closed for remodel when I was there or we would have gone there instead. Next time...
2	My first 2 times I ate here was amazing. The biggest buffet I went to in Las Vegas, NV.The last time I ate here was HORRIBLE. I went here on Dec. '09 and they had this special where locals get half off the price. Like for locals per person would only be $7 but for tourist would be $14. So we waited for 1hour and 30 minutes in line. when we were almost there the line split to two. they had one line for locals and one line for tourist. So we couldn't see that little sign that was being blocked by the crowd so we just went to any line. The couple infront of us was locals also so since we couldn't see what was going on and nobody was there to assist us. We just followed the couples infront of us. When we went to go pay on this machine and we put our zipcode. We found out that we was on the wrong line and the only choice we had was to pay the full price. So before we got seated we told the waiter and another employee and they all said that they can't do anything about it. I asked to speak to the manager and they said that she was not available and they refused to let us talk to her. THAT WAS THE FIRST RESTAURANT I EVER GONE TO IN LAS VEGAS THAT SAID THEY CAN'T REFUND YOUR MONEY, GIVE YOU THE PROMOTION AND SAID THAT THE MANAGER WAS UNAVAILABLE. We had family over from Sacramento so unfortunately we ended up paying over $200 total which means we lost $60.  We couldn't do anything about it. I'm pretty sure they were LAZY and IT WAS SO BUSY that they didn't even CARE to try to do anything about it. So we had no choice but to make it worth it. But yeah right! the waiter was rude and we had to look for him and go up to him to ask to take our plates and give us a refill. HORRIBLE. My family and I are never eating here again. Which makes this restaurant lose 3 stars from me.
3	Very expensive, long lines, but delicious selection.  This is one of the super buffets that has good all-around quality.  I slightly prefer it to the M buffet, because of the great Asian dishes, but alcohol is not free.  M is a lot cheaper, though.Waiter service is good, but we had to walk a mile every time we got up to go to the buffet.  Now I'm not against a little exercise, but sheesh, my gelato was about to melt by the time I got back!  I loved the noodle bar and the soups.  Would come back if they would lower the prices a little.
4	If 4 stars equal "Yay! I'm a fan" then, yesssss I AM A FAN!!!!!Normally I'm not a buffet eater for the simple fact that I'm useless at buffets --- I love to eat salads and fruits. Not a big meat eater or dessert fan. --- therefore, I am a waste!BUT, Rio buffet is HALF OFF LUNCHES AND DINNER FOR LOCALS Monday-Thursday. So, about $9 for lunch. and $13 or so for dinner??!I was craving sushi...and it's not the best sushi but, you can be damned I ate $9 worth, which technically could just be a specialty roll at any sushi spot. Also, ate some ribs, chinese food, even some dessert *gasp* lolFor the money I saved and the food I ate..you damn skimpy I'm a BIG fan =) I SOOOOOO RECOMMEND THIS FOR THE VEGAS LOCALS!!!Oh, and did I mention they have a bar in there WITH happy hour specials!!!!! *snap*
3	I don't know what it is but the dessert at this buffet is not up to par with it's food. It's quite disappointing to know that the only 'safe' dessert to indulge in is the gelato. You will assuredly get your exercise at this buffet as it spans much square footage. The variety is definitely there. After all, it wouldn't be a world buffet if it weren't for variety. My favorite part about this place are the Asian soups. They really have this down. The tom kha kai with rice noodles was my favorite. Tasted just like the one I would get from my local Thai restaurant. The sushi wasn't so bad and neither were the buffalo wings! Did I mention WINGS?! I became quite obsessed with these.The breakfast selection on the weekends is quite overwhelming but their eggs benedict with spinach was pretty spectacular!As a kid, I loved coming here with my family to pig out but now that I'm an adult, I've come to realize how un-healthy most of the food served here is. Too much fried/battered dishes. But I can't really complain b/c mimosas  and champagne are complimentary during breakfast time! Score!
4	Not the greatest food in the world, but what do you expect from a buffet? I like this place because of the variety of food.  It's like the jack of all trades, king of none. After a long night of partying this place hit's the spot.  It's been around before all the other well known buffets on the strip. It's a buffet OG! The only thing I don't like about it is the location. It's off the strip but there's a free shuttle from Paris to Rio and back if you don't feel like paying for a taxi.
1	Met for breakfast here as part of a group event.  There was very little breakfast food--the vast majority of the buffet was lunch/dinner fare.  In essence, we paid about $24 per person for some cut up melon, scrambled eggs, pancakes, and other very mundane breakfast foods.  We could have gone to Denny's or IHOP for 1/3 of the cost and had more imaginative choices.
3	Watching the travel channel about this place got me hyped up and looking forward for the buffet when i went to Vegas last September. But i was disappointed because if you're gonna call your self a World Buffet, you would think they would have all and every kind of food you would think of including exotic food. But that wasn't that case. Yea, they had a lot of food including PHo but maybe it's just me but i was expecting too much.
4	Been here so many times. Went there for a Saturday champagne brunch and paid around $25pp. Included in the price was "all-day-dining". Food is always very good, except for the sushi. Sushi there is a waste of time. The rest of the food selection was excellent. I like the fact that most foods are pretty authentic. Even the Chinese food wasn't overly greasy or sweet. If you like super greasy and overly spiced foods, you're fat. Just kidding, I meant, go somewhere else. Went back here for dinner, since it was included, and again enjoyed a large selection. Enough choices to have at least two completely different meals in one day. Warning - This all day dining thing is catching on, so expect a very long wait. If you're not a Platinum, Diamond, or Star reward member, don't bother going during the busy times.
4	This place has varieties, i got dizzy walking all around that place haha but i thought it was pretty good. I just wish i ate more! we were looking forward to their crab legs but we got there too early! Price wise was good for lunch. Food was good, but not super delicious. Service is good. Our waitress was nice. I will definitely go back to this place =)
4	Been here many times before. I came today because I got a post card in the mail which said I got 2 free carnival buffet coupons. I called the number and the lady said I had until monday to pick up the coupons.What I ate:plate of shrimp cocktailplate of sushi (disappointed cause there was no tuna today)bowl of miso soupslice of rare prime ribbowl of phoplate of watermelon, oranges and grapefruit1 scoop each of mango and tiramisu gelatoI wish they had better desserts.
4	Wow, the 300th review.  I should get a free diet coke!This buffet is advertised as the largest buffet in Vegas, but it's probably by a two or three foot margin.   We went there for lunch and snuck past the line because we were actually paying cash, instead of using a casino comp ($16.99 is cheaper than an hour at the tables)  There was a machine for fast pays that came in very handy for this.We were sat promptly and took off for the experience.  I didn't really give our waitress a chance to greet us but I noticed that there was no silverware on the table so I inquired with a roaming chef who was very nice.  When the waitress came by, she said that she was going to bring silverware too.Anyway,  the variety here was not that impressive at lunch.  They did have a fairly decent array of dishes though and the food was all properly prepared.   I was bummed that they didn't have whipped cream to put onto my Cookies and Cream gelato, but  I guess i would just have to do with some M&M's and a sub 1000 calorie dessert.Service was friendly and prompt.  Overall it was pretty good.  I am eager to try the Seafood Buffet here.  I heard that it's worth every penny of the 40 bucks you pay.
3	I don't get what all the buzz is about regarding this place, just an average Vegas buffet to me.  I would never come here by choice, I usually go here because my friends like to go here.The lines are long, so not worth it to stand in line that long for average tasting buffet food.  It is also off the strip mind you, so unless you're staying here, you gotta take the taxi or shuttle here.Yes, they have a wide selection of food. Asian, Mexican, Italian, etc etc. Impressive quantity, not so impressive tasting food.  I guess a lot of people like the crab legs but since I don't eat crab legs, you can clearly see why this buffet is not worth it for me.  the sushi selection is oh so sad, there's barely any sashimi, COME ON MAN!!I don't recommend this buffet, the end.
3	So woke up hungover and hungry, like I should be since I'm in Vegas. People rave about the Rio Buffet so my entire group decides to give it a try.Food: Large selection but mediocre at best.Drinks: Champagne included yay!!!! But Orange Juice the fake kind. Order Grapefruit Juice Instead.Seating: Sucks for large parties like any other buffet in Vegas. DOes not accomodate large parties.In conclusion:-Lines are long. We paid the extra $10 for the express line. (Not really worth it; $10 a person.)-Does not accomodate large parties of over 6 without adding 18% gratuity. (Meaning they will not sit you together.)-Food mediocre at best (For $24 not bad I guess.)Enjoy!
1	We heard great things about this place and got there for the first round of diner. Being early, you would expect everything to be fresh. What a disappointment:1) Breads, rolls were rock hard. Like it was sitting out for days2) Clams were over cooked and tough3) Oysters were "flat" and not plumb and juicy. Guess that's what happens when they thaw out vs. fresh. LOL4) Snow crab legs were overly salty! How can that be?5) The crust on the prime rib was like caked with 1/8 inch of salt. It was literally like eating a spoon of salt. It was THAT salty!6) Lobster tails were small (3") and overcooked7) Sashimi had that frozen and stale taste8) Sushi rice was dry9) The "cold" dessert was warm due to sitting under the lamps or sitting out for too longThe only good thing about this place is the wait staff. They are quick and efficient.I've been to many buffets (Todai, Hotel Del Coronado, etc...) and I was extremely disappointed compared to the others. I guess they figure there's so many transients that they don't care about quality and opt to satisfy patrons with quantity.I mean for $41 per person (alcohol not included), seek elsewhere. This place should be "$$$" and one star IMO.
5	This buffet has been my long time favorite for years (only recently displaced by M Resort's).  It's also the favorite amongst many of my friends and family.  I love that they have all different types of food, Asian, Mexican, Middle Eastern, sushi.  It's all the typical buffet food you'd find anywhere but what sets it apart is the quality.  It looks and tastes good.  My absolute favorite thing to eat here is their tomato bisque soup.  Everyone I know loves the asian noodle soup station.  Where they custom make whatever kind of soup you'd like, such as pho.  I love their desserts, especially the ice cream/gelato bar.  The service is good and the place is clean.  The only downside is the really long line on Sundays.  I've waited upto an hour.
3	My boyfriend and I were down at the Rio to see Penn and Teller, and decided to eat at this buffet because we were a bit pressed for time. We payed the $10 extra to bypass the line, but still had to wait in the line of people bypassing the line. Well, at least we saved some time. This buffet is almost overwhelmingly huge, so if you're into options, this is your place. I found that the stuff to the left of the dessert area was a lot better than the stuff to the right for some reason. Some highlights: the prime rib, sweet potatoes, and the sushi (small selection, though). The Mexican food section looked straight out of Golden Corral, though, and the wonton soup I got from the Chinese section was kind of average. I left feeling satisfied, but not amazed. So it's a good buffet, but still a buffet. Next time in Vegas, I'll try one of the others to contrast and compare.
5	This place was worth my $25!!!The dinner was simply amazing! They literally have everything you could think of plus more. The steak and prime rib was perfect medium and juicy. You could still taste the chunks of potatoes in the mashes potatoes. You could make your own taco/nachos in anyway you desire! The best part was probably the seafood! Countless amount of crab legs and shrimp dipped in juicy butter and pepper! AMAZING! Our server was on point with taking our plates and refilling our drinks. He also gave us our own bottle of hand sanitizer. The only slow part of this place is that if you're not a guest at the RIO, then the line of entering could take forever. It's a self serve machine and some people take forever. But other than that, BOMB.COM!!!
3	So, the bf and I took a shuttle from the strip all the way to the Gold Coast hotel, then strived through the windy weather to the infamous Carnival World Buffet. Arrived at 7:30 P.M. and waited in line for half an hour. I thought to myself- this better be the best damn buffet I've ever eaten at...I REALLY like the snow crab legs and the prime rib. Soups such as the clam chowder and Miso were good too. The side dishes were okay, and the sushi were a bit small. I was pretty disappointed in their desserts, the gelato tasted horrible and the Red Velvet cake was dry. I expected a lot more from this buffet, but for $25 I can't really complain. COME EARLY if you don't want to wait in the long line. Next time, I'm going to try their seafood buffet instead.
3	This place is really cool, I like how they have all the different foods of the world here, however it is not as good as Wynn, Bellagio, and Planet Hollywood.  I would go here again if I was at the Rio, but not out of my way to eat here...
4	3 out of 4 cab drivers recommended this buffet so we followed suite and we were pretty impressed.The cashiers were kind of rude but for the most part we were well fed. There was so much food it was crazy. The gelato was awesome and the noodle bar too. I wish I wasn't so tired so I could take full advantage of it. There was almost too much food. But I'm not complaining.The location is kind of out of the way but you can take the free shuttle from Paris.
4	Ultimately I guess a buffet is a buffet... but this one definitely lives up to its name.  The theme here is that the food is from around the world 'World Buffet"... get it... :-)The variety is definitely top notch.  We went on Saturday so it was 'brunch' and they had TONS of great stuff.  One thing though that I personally wish ALL buffets would give up on and that is Sushi... me loves me some sushi.. BUT I will NOT eat that stiff sitting out.  I'm sorry but no... just not gonna happen.On the quality side I would rate them above average compared to some of the buffets in Vegas.  I ordered an omelet at the station and it was flippin delicious.Downsides to this buffet: It's at the Rio which is off the strip.  There is a shuttle that runs pretty regularly though so look that up and save the cab fare.  Also the line to get it can be a little ridiculous.  You pay a machine to get in and you know how retarded people can be when it comes to working machines.Other than that though I definitely recommend checking it out when you are in Vegas and looking for a goods buffet!
3	a decent buffet with a good variety - from american fare (steak, bbq, ribs, corn dogs); mexican (nachos, enchiladas, tamales); chinese (dim sum; roast duck; noodles); italian (pasta - of course); and seafood (crab legs, shrimp cocktail)...we usually head here each time were in town (yes, using our comps). and it definitely has its moments. the gelato selection is the highlight for me - the coconut and cookies and cream are pretty good. as buffets go, it's reasonably priced for reasonable food. service is typically okay.
3	I always wanted to try the Rio buffet.  Finally got a chance to go.  The food is not that great, but teppanyaki is the bomb!
5	The Carnival World Buffet is in the Rio, which isn't quite on the strip.  You'd have to drive or take a taxi there.  Nonetheless, my parents love eating here and so do I.I'm a little late on writing this review, seeing as how I was in LV on vacation with my parents towards the end of December.  But I still remember that it was a HUGE buffet.  The price is relatively reasonable for all the buffets in LV (probably because it is so far off the strip).  We usually go for lunch, and the lines aren't ridiculous like some places.  They have a row of kiosks for self-service.  I sort of like that idea because there's 5 kiosks as opposed to two cashiers.  It makes the lines go way faster. Once you go in, the decor is pleasant and cheery.  And they are not kidding when they say "World Buffet" because there are foods from all over the world, with large signs on top of the sections that correspond to the food that is being served.  They have the usual, Italian, Chinese, American, Japanese, etc., but the reason why I like the food here is because it is so fresh.  And the place is so clean.  And the waitstaff are very friendly and always keeps our drinks filled.On Christmas' Eve, they had a champagne brunch.  And it was unlimited refills.  Cheap champagne + good food = fun, even if I was only with my parents.
4	I died and went to buffet heaven. The largest buffet I've ever seen. You can't really knock on the quality of food. Come on now. It's Las Vegas. Catering to drunks and gamblers. Love the food selection.
5	This place is awesome!!! I never spend that much or anything at all when I come here since I reap the rewards as a harrahs platinum member!  There is a long line but absolutely no line at all when you walk through the VIP front entrance...  There is so much food to choose from I had dinner and breakfast recently there.  This is probably the 5th time at this buffet and its always great.  I dropped  or lost my phone at the buffet but it was turned into lost and found!  This is a great place so come hungry and be prepared to walk away full!!!
5	Ohhh how I want to go back to the Carnival World Buffet!!!!!!!!!! Now this place is fantastic because since my sis is a DIAMOND member there are no lines to get in, you sit in a special area, you get carnival beads, great waiter service, and a special dessert. It pays to be DIAMOND. So about the food. The crab legs are great, I ate about so many I just couldn't eat anymore. They are so sweet that I don't use butter on them. If there was such a thing as crab comma myself or my friends would have definitely slipped into one but thankfully there is no crab comma. The chief said they fly the crab in everyday from Canada, I believe. Yes the chief comes around and talks to the Diamond members. This is a World buffet so you can finds all kinds of food. I love the BBQ pork and Chinese vegetables. The dessert are just OK, the cakes tend to be too dry. But there are a lot of options, you have to ask for the cheesecake sometimes. I like the gelato though and this special cookie and chocolates that our waiter gave us.
4	You cant go wrong.  Its always good.  Yummy food everywhere you look (and I'm picky).  I suggest not even looking at the salad bar and just go for the good stuff.  Their Pork buns and beef ribs are awesome. Don't be scared away by the line. The line is always long for dinner but it moves pretty fast.
1	For the price and value this is place is horrible.  For just a tad under $42 you get blah food that is so not worth the money.  If you want crap to fill your stomach with and you've got money to burn then come on down! To be brief, "No Sir I don't like it".Decor:4Food:1Service:2Would I go back? Nope
5	Out of all buffets I tried in Vegas...even the Wynn, the Bellagio, etc...this one is truely my favority because of the quality of flavors and varieties it offers with the price. If you only like the look of gorgeous places to look at while you eat, go else where like Bellagio or Wynn, this place is meant to be eaten, not pretty posing for models and glamour vogue. Now that's the New Orleans style.Seafood- shrimp cocktail, snow crab, rock crab, mussels, oyster (not for me), fish, sashimi...list goes on I don't want to repeat the necessities for my platter.Sushi, they have a fine selection including eel, sashimi, rolls, and fried dishes.Hot dishes, great variations of Asian from roasted duck to noodles, and great prime rib, etc.Desserts...how can I not ever forget...a must you must!1) creme brulee2) fruit tart3) eclaire4) strawberry something mousse cakeIt was a mistake I ate too much food before the dessert the first time I eaten there. And I'm usually a hot food over dessert type of person, but the dessert is kicking bomb!!!!Enjoy if you have a chance in Vegas.
4	I was so excited to try this place. Everyone was raving about how good this buffet was and how it was the best in Vegas. The only thing was that it was not walking distance from the strip. But it was definitely worth making the trip here.My friends and I came here on our last night in Vegas. We were so happy to find out that there was a free shuttle from Bally's to Rio. When we arrived, there was such a long line! As my friends Shar and Michelle waited in line, Jenn and I had to find the Total Rewards counter to get our Buy One Get One Free Coupons for the buffet. When we returned, they had barely moved in the line. It was getting late and we were all hungry. There was an extra $10 fee if we wanted to skip out on the line and get to the front. We decided to all just pay $10 so we could start our feast! We were seated within 10 minutes and practically ran to see what kind of food they had. Jenn, Shar, and I basically piled up our plates with crab legs. We weren't really dressed to get messy, but we did it anyways. As we finished our crab, we were starting to get full. We grabbed clean plates and ventured off into the many different sections of the buffet. Jenn and I saw the gelato and we immediately were surprised! I have never seen gelato at a buffet before. There were so many different flavors and we wanted all of them!  As we finished our second plates, we were getting full and had to take a break before getting dessert. When we were ready to get dessert, there was a line for gelato. Jenn and I decided to look at the other desserts that were offered and come back to see if the line had died down. It didn't. We saw a display of Red Velvet Cake, but they ran out. We were sad that they didn't have that but we were looking forward to our gelato. I chose the Mango and Strawberry flavors. The Strawberry was more of a sorbet and I decided to skip it. I thought the Mango gelato was good, but Michelle and Shar said it tasted like shampoo. We were devouring our desserts but some of them tasted horrible! The only thing that I can recall is the Flan! It was disgusting and really watered down! Other than that, everything else was great and the deal we received was well worth the price we paid to enjoy high quality food!
2	Wait wasn't so long.  However, when we got to the front of the line, my friend had trouble getting in because his wristband had snapped off.  Lago Buffet had told us it was okay as long as we had the reciept.   Although everything was barcoded and we had the reciept, both the hostess and the manager tried to refuse him admission to the buffet.  We were there arguing for about 3 minutes before he gave in and said okay.  So, when we got to the buffet, it was an overwhelming selection.  The plates were so small, that you would have make several trips.  Which i think is pretty smarts, it keeps people from overloading their plates.  Again, nothing special, but just a wider variety of food.  Our server was great though.  Kept refilling my water glass, and did not hesitate or give any attitude when we asked for different beverages throughout the course of our meal.
4	I go to Vegas.  A lot.I try and spend at least 4 or 5 days there each time, otherwise it goes by too fast.  When you spend that long there, you get to eat a lot.  I've tried almost every buffet there is, and Rio is one of the best.During our trip, we went to Spice Market Buffet (at Planet Hollywood), The M Buffet (at the M Resort), and the Carnival World Buffet (this one at Rio).This one was easily the best, which surprised me because everyone raved about the Spice Market (which we hated).  The Rio buffet is massive.  It has everything you can think of, and it tastes good.  The pizza was way better than at the other buffets (it had considerably more grease, but grease = taste!), and I especially loved the red velevet cake bites for dessert, as well as the gelato bar.  The cookies and cream gelato is orgasmic.I don't eat meat, so I can't review that (although my sister said this place has the best ribs she's ever had), but everything without meat was delicious.If you have the money (it's an expensive buffet) and the time to wait (we waited an hour), this is your best bet!
4	I must say.... it's a pretty decent price to pay for something better than your local Hometown Buffet. Yes, there are all kinds of food you can imagine, from Japanese to Mediterranean. Nothing too crazy here. Unlimited gelatos were heaven.
5	This was awesome. I was most impressed that all the dishes were hot (unusual for many buffets). I wish a they had a few more typical seafood dishes, but they definitely managed to please me.The octopus in black bean sauce was tender and tasty. Also, the fact that you can get all you can eat lobster is pretty awesome.
5	This place still gets the 5 stars.  Food was good and my fav part.... drumroll.... all day pass for I think $23.99.  So we try to hit this place up 3 times a day if we can... lol!  Too bad it closes at 10pm or 11pm.  Anyways call them and ask for the "all day pass".. its basically the same price as the dinner or something like that.  Anyways great money saver for those of you who want good food but want to save a bit.
5	All I can say is that I am in LOVE!  I came here with my better half on a Wednesday night and we had a buy 1 get 1 free coupon courtesy of the ACG 2010.  The total for the both of us was only came to only $26 dollars including tax and this place kicked a$$.  There was probably like 8 stations of food from all over the world, you have your seafood, Chinese food, Mexican food, American BBQ, Prime Rib and carving station, Italian food and the list goes on.  In fact the food stations was so long that it was tiring walking from one end to the other.  They also had an awesome dessert bar which included a few flavors of gelato as well.  While we were there, we found out that if you are a Vegas local and show them your government ID, then the price drops to $12 dollars a person.  However given that we weren't locals and had a buy 1, get 1 free coupon, we got it for about the same price.  All I can I say is that it was love at first sight with this buffet!!!!!Ps.  Go here and avoid the Rio Seafood Buffet, which I also went to on this trip and that was a big disappointment for double the price!
4	Buffet of Buffets: Stop #3 & Final Stop. Lots of choices. I mean that's what they are known for right? I was still surprised though. I mean there was so much to eat. Food overload. How was I supposed to get to it all?Ribs were the best here. The meat just falls off the bone and the sauce is just slightly sweet and not too overpowering and saucy. I love their ribs! More thoughts: The teppanyaki was also fun to watch. The alcoholic drinks are very inexpensive. Happy hour $2/4/6 drinks. They've got gelato too. The carrot cake was tasty. The Carival World Buffet was the best of all of the one I tried this weekend. I liked everything that I put on my plate. The variety is a plus too. Buffet of Buffets: We only made it to 3 but that's not too bad. Definitely got our money's worth. Now, I don't want to hear the word buffet for a really long time. =P Can I just order out the ribs from the Rio and the macaroons from Paris? Pretty please?
5	I'd like to hug this buffet... It's definitely one of my fave stops when coming to Vegas. I usually go for dinner, but this time I miraculously made it over for brunch after a typical friday night in the city of sin. I almost wept when I ate the bacon, it was so good...it was either that or I was glad just to be eating. I may even consider coming to brunch - excuse me, attempt to come to brunch - from now on. And do you know what is the beauty of brunch? Breakfast & Lunch! With all the benefits of being able to get dessert after.I've been coming to this buffet for several years and I'm glad to see they're keeping it looking nice and the food is still really good.
4	$35++ for 24 hour eating at a choice of 7 different  buffets? Hell yeah!Carnival World Buffet was my second stop and man, this was great! The selection was huge. There was something great at every station. Prime Rib was amazing and the crab legs were fresh and meaty. The desserts were amazing. I would go on to describe everything I ate, but I just simply can't remember what I ate. All I know is that I wish I had an endless stomach so I could eat everything they had. They were also serving free flow Mimosas until the end of lunch (3:30pm) which were made really well. Eating and drinking is the best combination ever.It's not as classy as the Bellagio or Wynn buffets but this certainly ranks high on the satisfaction list.
3	Many of my friends will not stop recommending the Rio buffet, often not realizing that there are two inside the hotel. I have now been to both and can say they're both great values for the price, but not quite the quality of the buffets I've tried at Paris and the Wynn.The selection is broad, and I like how there's an antipasto area at the farthest left station, which was pretty unpopular -- more for me! Also unpopular was the sushi station, but I think that was because it was a NASCAR weekend, and it was a little too exotic for the guys who's radicalism is just about limited to letting Danika Patrick behind the wheel. Most of these guys would just walk by puzzled, but I digress. Dessert was only so-so, and the setup harbored a permanent line for the gelato. I pouted, and luckily Tommy P. gave me one of the three he snagged. :)Anyhow, minus two stars for the hold up at the self-payment kiosks. There are no credit card stickers, and absolutely no indication they do not accept American Express. I almost got jumped by some big broad from Texas with a Kate Gosselin butch haircut for holding up the line. Come on, how do you not accept AMEX in Vegas?!
4	I was apprehensive about going here.... I really didnt know what to expect....  It was a solid buffet, nice spread, great service from our server and good quality of food....  I wish I had tried the Village Seafood buffet instead, however walked or should I say waddled out of here satisfied......  Id definitely consider going back!
5	Can you say Buffet is yummy for my tummy? Because I think so!!! I love buffets, especially really good ones, filled with tons of seafood! We came here pretty late, close to the time the buffet was closing, but that doesn't mean that they closed up, and didn't serve us! We stayed at Harrah's and we got coupons for this buffet! I would love to come back here!
5	Drool... drool... and another drool... just to make my point.This is by far the BEST buffet in all of Vegas. Seriously!I'm about half the size of my husband and a fairly light eater, but man oh man, the first time I went to the Rio buffet, I ate plate after plate after plate and out ate my husband! The place is huge and has a great selection of food. You gotta get there super early for dinner though, like around 5 or 5:30, otherwise you'll be in line for a good hour or more. But hang in there and you won't be disappointed! On Saturdays and Sundays, they have champagne brunch too! The mimosas are pretty good and the servers are diligent about getting you drunk. Haha. I've also tried the buffet at Wynn, but it wasn't even half as good as the Rio buffet and what made it worse was that it was double the price! What the heck... Never again! I've found my love in Vegas. It's Rio buffet all the way!
4	All You Can Eat! All You Can Eat! ALL YOU CAN EAT!he he he.....So like they all say it is one of the largest buffets in Vegas, they food is great and they're open late (closing at 11p). The meats are all good, though their fish can stand to be rotated once or twice, but out of everything that was the only thing that I didn't like, everything else: The soups, the sushi (though limited), the stir fry, the Roasted Meats, The Desserts (GET THE GELATO!), and the liquor..... even though you had to pay extra (but happy hour from 6 - 10p). Their fried goods were some of the best too! Haddock, shrimps, scallops and calamari!In the end I also got a great deal being a Gold Rewards member because I got a BOGO coup in the mail before I went and also had accumulated $10 of credit, making my grand total for 2 buffets (drummmmmm rollllllllll * Crash*) $15! So in the end I think I got my monies worth.... take that casino because AYCE's are where I take the house!Enjoy!
5	Best value for your money.For $24/person, this is one of the places I would recommend. They have a huge, I mean a huge selection of food. You can also custom make some dishes like BBQ plates, variety of Asian noodle soups, and my favorite - icecream. Unlike other buffets, which usually offer only 2-3 kind of icecream, this place offered like 12-15 flavors.. In addition, the taste of their food is above average while service is at par.. The only inconvienence about Carnival World Buffet is its location. Unless you have a car, otherwise, it's a long walk from the strip..
3	Came here since friend could get us all comped.There's actually a lot of items that are similar to the Seafood buffet but what makes people love Carnival is the selection.  There is a lot of stuff and the buffet line is LOOONG.  I seriously thought I was at the end until I saw people coming from around the corner.  They have everything, seafood (not as grand as Seafood buffet), all different ethnic foods, carvery station, and desserts etc.All I did was take a small portion and everything, hoping to try everything out.  There's lots of fried items and things that are prepared fairly quickly.  Nothing really gourmet here but I do like the stir-fry/Mongolian BBQ station that they have.  You can add the ingredients you want and have it cooked on the spot.  I liked it so much I went back for it twice.  Desserts are also good with cakes, pies, cookies, and even gelato.  I tried all their gelato flavors and got to sample all the other pastries.However in the end, it felt like this buffet was slightly lacking in terms of quality.  It felt like I was eating fast food for a good part of the menu which was disappointing.  It is fairly easy to find something that you'll like since there's such a big selection.  Although I also gotta admit, this place is a lot better than many of the buffets on the strip.  Too bad you gotta taxi if you didn't drive.Price-wise, for the selection it is worth it but if you are expecting something of a higher quality then you might be disappointed.  They have promotions going on all the time so be sure to look around for deals!
3	Everything looks GREAT! And the selection is pretty awesome. However, the quality ain't that great honey. All the seafoods that I tried (mussels, salmon, haddock) were all grossly overcooked and tough to swallow. If you want to pay $20 bucks for a mediocre dinner, then by all means...be my guest.Strawberry sherbet is pretty bomb though.
4	Came in since we had a AFAN 2 for 1 and I haven't been here since I was a kid. I've tried a majority of the buffets and keep hearing about this spot so only fair I try it out.The renovation is nice, modern- I remember when it was all pink and had like hot air balloons and "rio/samba" kind of decor. I like this a lot better.So most people go for the crabs and today they were fresh and just as good as the Rio Seafood Buffet (duh! same casino, same supplier). I like that "peel n eat" cocktail shrimps here have a slit on the top where you can peel the shrimp in one easy motion. A lot of people go for the carved meats- had the prime rib and it was good. They also had ham, turkey and a beef roast as well but wasn't feeling like trying. The little sake maki (salmon sushi) was fresh today. Odd standouts- a shrimp and crab salad that had firm mango chunks and a spicy mayo....I put this on a bread roll and was actually a good of a seafood sandwich. Oh, and I did coconut gelato with bananas foster on top and that was bomb. Took bites out of other things that looked good- but they didn't taste so great. Like every buffet there were hits, okay, and misses. That's the usual, but here there's a decent ratio of good over the bad. Now is it $23.99 worth of good items? I don't think so. It's good, but far from the best buffet in Vegas. I think with the 2 for 1 special or the Locals 50% off Mon-Thurs deal, it's a good value and worth it. If I had to pay full price- I would upgrade myself a few more dollars to eat at Wynn or Bellagio. There I feel I can get more bang for my buck. Food I guess is about a 3, but I'll bump it to a 4 star because I think it's a nice thing they do a good deal for locals....what other place does any kind of promotion like that? To my knowledge, this is the only. I much rather eat here at the 50% off price point than any of the buffets in that lower price range like the Station Casinos.
2	This was our first buffet to try in Vegas.  I wanted to go there because I like the different types of food.It was rather disappointing.  The buffet focused more on quantity rather than quality.  The food was rather bland, more like cafeteria food.I wouldn't put this on my list to return.
5	Simply: great!  I like the entrance where you can pay by machine versus the cashier to start with.  Very convenient!Had the brunch buffet both times I came here and definitely did it up with the champagne.   The buffet line was very expansive and while I can't remember all that I had, it was a rare time at a buffet where I didn't stuff something under a napkin because it was something nasty.    The chef cooking omlets was singing in what I can only believe is Italian and seemed very happy to be of service, which made the experience very enjoyable.   The dessert bar had lots of good stuff too and really, coming here made for a whole day's worth of eating at one time.
3	Definitely quantity over quality. This place has always been popular because it "has so many types of food from all over the world." It doesn't help if the quality isn't that great and the it isn't cooked that well.The ambiance is not that bad here but the lines get really long here. Good: Lots of food options.Bad: Lines can get long and the quality can be better.Final: Not that bad if you want to eat a lot.
4	This past weekend, there was a deal for all Harrah's players card owners...$34.99 for access to 7 of the 8 Harrah's casino buffets.  With that said, the lines were even LONGER than usual, but it's Vegas, the lines for the buffets, except for breakfast are always long.  For some people, people don't like to get up for early morning buffets; probably still recovering from the previous night of partying/gambling/dabauchery :)  Vegas is Vegas; so parking - enough said; and Service - well, it's Vegas, just like with gambling, the house has the edge and it's hit and miss for us patrons :)So now onto my FOOD reviews....The Carnival World buffet, once you get past the line(again for breakfast; at roughly 8:30AM there was NO line at all, but less of a selection as well, so it's better to go for the latter of the two meals) is probably one of the most comprehensive ones as far as food coverage.  They sample such a variety of things that it's tough to remember them all, but from east to west, it's mostly there.  Pasta, to steak and prime rib, to asian food, to salad to dessert.   Usually, the food is pretty good, but with any buffet, especially one that's literally catering to about 1000 people per day, it won't be the best quality.   Esp when it comes to items such as seafood or meat on the rare-side...everything tends to be on the more-cooked side; I'm assuming simply to avoid lawsuits for food poisoning on things of that matter...  Anyway, probably one of the bigger buffets available.  My advice, a little of everything goes a long long way :)The place is pretty huge, so there's more than enough room to seat a large party; you'll just have to wait a little bit.  I would recommend to just break your party up into a couple of smaller groups and see if you can get seated near each other, usually works wonders.
2	Just came back from Memorial day weekend in Vegas. Stayed at the Rio and ate at both the Seafood buffet and the World Carnival buffet. Not very impressed with the Seafood buffet. It did have a lobster medley but the small pieces of lobster was tough. Didn't realized that the Seafood buffet and the World buffet both carried crab legs. Basically I paid $38 one night to eat crab legs and $ 24 another night. Although the Seafood buffet had steamed crab legs whereas the World buffet only had cold crab legs. Lots of variety at the World Buffet and this buffet is basically one step above Cafeteria food. This will be the last time we eat the Rio and probably the last time we stay there. One rude girl working in the World Buffet counter just sealed the deal for me. She was rude and sarcastic and we were hotel guests. The wait staff were wonderful but ancillary staff need more training in customer service. Overall the Rio does not have the best customer service and therefore we will take our business elsewhere when we are in Vegas.
3	The wait is always long here. Probably the longest buffet line in vegas from what I remember. So waiting in the line for an hour builds anticipation for good food to fill my cranky stomach. Food quality was good. Prime rib was delicious. I prefer medium rare and my girlfriend got a piece of medium rare while mine was well done. of course since its all you can eat, i simply just didnt eat it. The snow crab legs seemed a little more mushier than normal. But we still ate like 10 lbs of it and none of us got sick. the desserts were blah. nothing to write home about. So did my stomach remain cranky? no.. not cranky. But wasnt fully satisfied either. A-OK.... will come back... but not first on my list.
2	Went to Vegas over Memorial Weekend and my friends and I did the buffet deal where you pay $34.99 (ended up being around $43.00 after everything) where you can go to any of the 7? specified buffets in Vegas however many times you want within a 24-hour period. We made it suffice for 3 meals!Rio was our last buffet before our buffet pass expired, and before we were leaving Vegas. The buffet was HUGE with all kinds of "international" variety which definitely made it more interesting. Some notable features:- Custom stir fry station- Hand scooped gelato at the dessert station! Definitely try the Cookies'n'Creme, Strawberry, Mango and Orange (the last two might depend on individual taste palettes) Plates are a lot smaller than the other two buffets we went to - while it isn't really a problem, it leads to more trips to the buffet which would be a little inconvenient if you were seated at one end of the buffet and were coming back from the other end.
4	The first time my bf and I had to wait in line was 20 minutes, I thought its long enough, but the second time was 35 mins, I felt bad for the kids who had to wait in line that long, but what can we do, its normal for every buffet in Vegas anyways.  let's talk about the food, it's a huge selections, I felt like I was in the food course that had every cuisine, American,  Asian, Italian...ect...it has everything, but I love their crab legs most, which I came back twice for. The desserts section has your favorite cup cake, i bet, I'm not into sweet stuff, so I didnt try much, but I liked their banana tart and gelato. The service was very nice as received some where else.
5	This was my favorite of the 4 Buffets we tried this trip.  We walked from the strip because it didn't look that far.  DO NOT EVER try to do that.  It was a looooong, hot, sweaty walk.  I was quite amazed with the huge selection.  I checked out the stir fry first, it was awesome.  One thing I am surprised though, is that amount of meat they give you.  I had steak & shrimp and it's WAY more than I would have expected (or needed) in a buffet.  The crab legs were quite good, the sushi was not horrible and the taco bar was great.  I tried a little bit of almost everything, and there wasn't really anything I didn't like.  There was also gelato for desert, which was awesome.   We took the free shuttle back to Harrahs, and it was much  more pleasant so if you aren't staying at the Rio and want to go- highly suggest you take a shuttle!
4	I really like this buffet. There's a wide variety of food choices. When you're at one end of the buffet you can not see the other end. That's how big it is. I eat lunch here and it was only $17. That's a pretty good deal for all the food they give you. I will come back here again and again. They never fail to please me. GO RIO!
3	This buffet has a lot of just about everything - Mexican, Italian, Chinese, Seafood, salad bar, fruits, and dessert bar.The most unique item that I saw was the shrimp pizza. It was good.However, overall, too many of the foods were soaked in butter/oil. If you like that, you'll love this place.
3	i was once again clicking over whether or not to give this buffet 3 or 4 stars...am i really a fan?  or was it just a-ok?  so the deciding factor?  well, sad...really...the best buffet on the strip is actually inside the rio...but it happens to be the village seafood buffet...not the carnival world buffet.  honestly, we were trying to save a few bucks because of a week's worth of buffet/fine dining venturing in vegas...i made a big mistake!  i should've spent the extra 10 bucks to walk across the casino to the other buffet.  oh well...no regrets right?  haha.  don't get me wrong...this buffet wasn't too shabby.  but if the best item here happens to be their pizza...then yes, that's probably not worth my money.  there wasn't a big ole seafood selection...the carved meats were typical...the dessert bar was plentiful...but nothing was really mind boggling.  yes, the quality was much higher than most of the buffets on the strip...but just didn't have that wow factor.  i wasn't too disappointed though...oh the joys of having that 24 hour buffet pass...oh wow!  that just triggered a thought...the person at the register was such a #*%$#@&((*+@(!  we waited in line for a good half hour in order to purchase our 24 hour buffet pass...when we got there, she asked for my harrah's card...wth...i didn't have my harrah's card on me.  and i wasn't about to leave and stand in line again.  i asked her if i could put that bracelet on for now and have it exchanged after i retrieved my card.  she said no.  just flat out plain simple no.  and then she went on to say that if i tried to slip it on or off they will know and they won't accept it.  *yeah right!!!*  oh, and there's even more stink to this story...she failed to tell me that it costs 5 bucks more without a card...stupid bees knees.  anyhoo, i got it exchanged when i went to planet hollywood...so i'm flat out saying that she lied!ok i'm done venting...so if you want a great buffet...don't be cheap and eat at the seafood buffet...and if you feel like having the best buffet in vegas...go to the m resort off the strip!!!
4	line was long when we came here for dinner around 7ish. We paid $10 extra on top of ~$40 per person to get line cut. We were quickly led to a table. Plates were cleared everytime we went to get more food.Food: Definitely lots of seafood, but I got sick of seafood after like 2 plates. I liked the small cooked lobsters, sashimi, clams, mussels, lobster bisque soup, new england clam chowder, Manhattan clam chowder, crabs. There were some fish dishes, Chinese, fried seafood like clams/shrimps, french fries, chicken, octopus, macaroni, and many more. There was some fruits like melons, honeydew, and watermelon, but none were sweet. There was a dessert section, but I only like the gelato section.I would come back here. I wished i would eat more seafood, but i just couldn't stomach more since I had pool parties to go to.
3	Attended the Champagne brunch on Saturday, $24 a person for basically all the free mimosas on top of the normal buffet.  And it was quite a normal buffet, even if it was a very vast array of meal selection.  The desserts are amazing, the little stripe-rolled selection of cakes are perfect and moist.  Their mimosas were pretty delicious and were constantly refreshed by a roving crew with pitchers.  The selection was a major plus too, and there were several major stations with live people actively making you omelettes, mongolian BBQ, or carving you a giant shank of prime rib.  No complaints about the variety.But certainly about the quality of food -- yes, it's a buffet, and the rigors of long and heated mass-quantity portions means you aren't going to get Mario Batali quality, but more often than not the food came up cold by the time you got back to your seat,  or in the case of most of the Asian noodles,  overdrenched with oil and inedible.   The crab legs were, well, sub-par.But there were plenty of dishes and we all felt we'd gotten our money's worth at the end of it, for good and for bad.  I certainly would call it the biggest selection near the Strip, but not the best.
3	This is a very large buffet. At first I thought oh its just split in half with the same choices for both sides..NOPE its all different.  We went for brunch on a Sunday morning straight from an afterhours.  We got there around 9am and there was hardly anyone there. The food was OK not outstanding. Their seafood selection was good; sushi, crab legs, clams, green mussels, scallops. Their prime ribs was a bit over done even the medium rare was a bit dry. Their pork chops were all dry but some had some good flavor to it. Our waitress was extremely helpful and got us our mimosas quick and even gave us a large glass to refill our glasses. Their dessert was great. I tried their cakes and a canoli which was superb!! But this isn't my frist time eating here. I really feel that the quality of the food has gone down but not by that much. It was still a good deal compared to the other large hotels on the strip.
3	Came here the other day around 245, thinking that with the massive line we were totally going to miss out on brunch!  But we realized the line was for ppl with promotions, coupons, etc.. non of which we had, so we basically walked right through!  $25 for a huuuuuge selection of food.  I started out with some fried shrimp, fried wontons (anyhting fried if you cant tell), pastas galore!  This place has such a selection.  I tried their breakfast items, which were pretty good, but since I had breakfast after a late night of partying, I was focusing elsewhere.  I really enjoyed the food, and although its not always the best ive ever eaten, it sure does hit the spot.  On top of which I made it for champagne brunch and i got me a glass of booze!! yay!  I liked the fact I came in between brunch and dinner, so they were changing over the cuisines so I got to have the best of both worlds!  The waiters were ok.  The napkins he left at our table were not clean.. honestly looked like blood.. or juice.  but sadly more like the former.  Oh well, he took it away, and gave us fresh ones.  They had a lot of seafood, and fresh carved meats.  Really, it was a good deal over all and I left wanting to take a nap.  Aah.. food coma rocks.
4	Cheap buffet vs other hotels. Selection of food was many. The prime rib was actually good and so was the shrimp and crab legs. I wasn't impressed with the Chinese food or Mexican food or dessert section. Staff was friendly and efficient; drinks were always full and old plates promply removed. Get there early. Wait in line was ridiculous, 45 minutes to pay and be seated @ 7pm.
3	I have mixed feelings about this buffet. I don't know if it's because a lot of people tell me that I HAVE to try this place when in Vegas. Maybe that's why my expectations were so high. Or maybe because we went in the middle of the week during lunch time. The line wasn't too bad since it was lunch time during non-holiday mid week. Although the line would've been shorter had they put another sign outside stating that the line to the right is for people w/ promotions/coupons and the line to the left is regular. We stood in line until almost to the front and realized that we could've sat down and ate a long time ago cuz most of them had coupons and we didn't! The prices weren't too bad ($16/person @ lunch I believe). Sure they had a huge selection of food that wraps around half the room but the taste was mediocre. It wasn't as good as I've heard all the raves about. Our server was very ATTENTIVE. We didn't even have to ask for refills!I would consider returning when visiting to give this place another chance, but dinner this time!
5	Usually when I'm in Vegas, i have two meals and that's it.  However, after having emma Jean's and noodle exchange, we decided to do the 24 hour "buffets of buffet" at the Harrahs properties.  That means, unlimited buffets in a 24 hour period for only $35!!!  I haven't been to the Rio Carnival buffet in about 5 years but boy, have I missed out.  I wasn't that hungry and only made it to two sections(Italian and Chinese) but they were excellent.  In the Chinese section, you could pick from a list of soups that they would make for you fresh!   Plus, they had roast duck!!!  I will definitely put it on my list for December when I go back.
2	The Rio Buffet of the past would have earned 4 stars, but the buffet of today has become a mediocre version of its former self.My first time at Rio with my family was amazing. Yeah this was like 10 years ago but I just remembered that the food was great and we couldn't even sample everything given the enormous amount that they offered. A year ago I ate here with my friends on a summer Vegas trip, I left unsatisfied. The quality has somewhat diminished over the years. The pasta's didn't taste anywhere near the same as I remembered, the Asian dishes were all a waste of stomach space. The crab and shrimp was ok, not as good as Mirage, Wynn, and Bellagio quality but it kinda saved the meal from total disappointment. The meats were just average for what Vegas buffet standards are. Their prime rib was bland and not as juicy as other buffet's, I wouldn't want to use the word "dry" and "prime rib" in the same sentence but its bout there. You can find a better meat selection at the Bellagio for just a few dollars more. The dessert wasn't bad at all actually. I again make a comparison to Bellagio because I felt that the price difference wasn't much and you get better quality there. But i wont take much away from their dessert selection. The gelato was delicious, it was the hero of the night. The one item I kept coming back for. The other dessert items were somewhat forgettable but they satisfied my sweet tooth for the night.I once thought Rio had a great combination of quality to quantity of selections but now its not longer on my Vegas buffet radar. For what you pay for one dinner you can find better quality elsewhere. The $34.99 deal that includes 7 different buffet's including Rio's might raise its value a small notch but I have yet to try that deal so I can't say.Ups: more selection than most buffets, gelato Downs: price compared to other buffet's isn't worth its quality, long dinner lines
5	Best buffet in Vegas!  Love Rio's Carnival World Buffet because the food is hot, it's good, and they always stock up!  Not like ahem, Planet Hollywood...The best thing about this buffet is that they have the best desserts here...gelato, red velvet cake, tarts, cakes, you name it...And also, the crab legs--a mountainous mound of delicous goodness.  It's not salty, it's perfect.  Tastes especially good with lemon, salt, and black pepper.  Also, they have udon here which is tasty.  This buffet has a variety of items that doesn't disappoint.  They have sushi, prime rib, tamales, tacos, salad, dim sum, Mongolian stir fry, and more.  I never have left this buffet disappointed.  It's even a better deal now that they have the 24 hour buffet pass...so come here, if you want to try a variety of food that is very good.  And if you love sweets, that's an extra bonus to come out.
5	FANTASTIC!!!  OMG!  I am a picky eater and this buffet was GREAT!  There was so much to choose from and the desserts were to die for!  The gelato was delicious... Mexican and Asian cuisine  was mouth watering.... Can not wait to go again!
4	So the last time I went to Vegas... we ate at the Rio Seafood buffet... AGAIN. And then afterwards I got the shits... AGAIN (probably from excessively eating crab legs and oysters more so than the quality of the food). But halfway through that meal which was about 2 hours later, I realized I was so damn sick of Rio Seafood buffet. Well this time, we decided to change it up... rolled out of bed around 4 pm, got  ready, and... everyone wanted seafood buffett. NO!!! Went to Seafood buffet and once I saw the line, I refused to join in on that debacle. Went to Carnival... and it was an even longer line. Damnit... dont make me eat cafe. I was tempted to go throw $500 down on craps just to get comped and get in the comp line, but out of the corner of my eyes, I saw a sign that read "Express Lane $10.00". Asked around and found the express line  "somewhere" (If I put it on here, it probably wont be express anymore so you're gonna have to find it on your own yelpers). We were seated in less than 10 minutes. That evening I toured the (culinary) world. Crag legs from the Bering Sea; Sushi, Kim Bap, Mongolian BBQ, beef broccoli and egg rolls from the far east; ribs, fried chicken and country fried steak from the south; prime rib from hell; corn dog from the fair; chicken parmigiana from italy, Pho from Vietnam, tacos from Mexico (try the hot salsa....  so good, I gave the latino chef behind the counter a chin up); red velvet, carrot cake, eclair, fruit, gelato, and sorbet. The food was standard buffet food, not the best but hey it's not easy to cook 150 dishes for 500 people every night, so I take that into consideration. The crab legs were actually very good, not too salty, clean shells, and restocked fairly often. Servers cleared the plates pretty quickly, although my friends complained their drinks werent refilled enough... but then again who gets refills at a buffet? go drink some pho bitch. All in all I would glutton here again.
4	I like it here and yes I am a fan. Every time I am out in Vegas, this is the place to end my trip. I don't care if I have to stand in a 20 or 30 minute wait. I come here with an appetite so big I can just eat the whole darn restaurant. They have everything, and trust me some buffets don't have everything! They have Asian, Mexican, Southern, Italian, and SEAFOOD! Oh my!! and there is a huge Desert bar for you to choose from. Crazy Gelato ice cream that's just delicious (Italian Ice cream) There is even a bar in the midst of everything if you want to take Vegas with you for the ride home. ha ha You have to pay extra for the bar drinks though. The service here is always great. Now you know you can't say bye to Vegas without endless mimosas in Vegas! Have fun and have some broth from the Asian PHO (Vietnamese) Bar this is a sure way to make that hang over disappear, well at least ease it.
3	$24.99+tax and waiting in line for over 2.5 hours for buffet...not worth it. Shoulda paid the extra $5 to cut in line. We even missed the fireworks. :( Anyways the only things that are actually good at this buffet are: the prime rib, watermelon, dessert bar and the soups. I saw the 24 hour deal that includes a choice of 7 buffet for $39.99. I will be sure to take advantage of that deal next time I am in Vegas.
5	Let me be clear about one thing.  I've eaten just about every buffet in Las Vegas.  Sure the Bellagio is the best.  It will also cost you as much per person as an entire family of 4 at the Rio's Carnival World Buffet!!!They've got everything from prime rib to corn dogs on the menu at the Rio! And with a coupon book from Bally's we had $5 off per person making the buffet $12 per head - and probably the single best value in Las Vegas.The food was good, the selection was CrAzY and after you eat you can go watch the show in the sky in the casino.  So don't miss it.PS - You can take a shuttle from Paris over to the Rio for free all day long.
3	[I'm a local]We got there RIGHT before the dinner rush, which was awesome. Otherwise I think we would of waited over an hour.Seafood - goodPizza/Pasta - mehEgg flower soup - no (smelled over cooked)Ham - goodOverall vegetables - goodChow mein - noSushi - noegg-rolls - no (I didn't get any but I saw a lot get put to the side)Deserts - Good (Make your own sundae...)Salad bar - goodNoodles - no (they were dry and/or sticky)Everything else was average, so it's pretty much like every other buffet. It does have a much larger variety of food than most others.The service was good, our plates got picked up efficiently, and napkins were readily available..
4	This is one of the first buffets I've gone to when we moved to Las Vegas many, many, many moons ago.It is nice to see that the Rio has changed with the times to keep up with the competition.  Just so you know, the price is 1/2 off for lunch and dinner from Monday-Thursday if you are local.There are a few reasons why I go to this buffet.  The lines aren't too bad the last few times I've gone.  It is a popular place so the weight can vary, but most times there is a wait of at least 15 minutes when I've gone.This buffet features crab legs, sushi, steamed rice, korean bbq, prime rib, mexican, etc.  It's a buffet!The quality of the food is above par from other buffets that I've been to (The Orleans Casino, Suncoast, Rampart Casino).The place is clean, new-modern decor and the service is professional from all the staff.  Again, it may get very busy at times, but for the amount of patrons they deal with, it is still a great place to eat.
5	This was and still is my favorite buffet in Vegas.  The service was awesome and the food variety and selection is superb.  They have something for everyone - seafood, corndogs, quesadillas, EVERYTHING!  One thing that stands out here versus other buffets though is gelato & ice cream.  That is something you don't see everyday at every buffet :)  It's also part of the buffet of buffets (24 hours of buffet)
5	I love Rios buffet. it is the best out of the buffet of buffets (35 dollars for 24 hour unlimited pass)here are my rankings in buffets in vegas, just so that we are on the same page.1. belagio (classy and elegant)2.  rio3. venetian 4. harrahs (the rest dont matter because they are either too pricey or just garbage.)the prime rib here was pretty decent, compared to other places like paris, ph, or other sh*t holes. it is more rare compared to other places, who just give you dry slab of meat. selection is great here. if you like asian food (there are a lot of asian foreigners here in vegas) then you'll love it here. they make fresh pho and noodle soup for you. the dim sum is great, and they have fresh bbq pork and roasted duck. the seafood is pretty fresh. no problems there.they serve gelato, which is great. i've been eating here for years, and will continue to.
2	This is one of the most famous and well-known vegas buffets, I have given this buffet about 4 shots, everytime.....awful. I do give an extra star, just because they have a HUGE selection, although all of it tastes super so-so, at least not worth the price. don't waste your money on this buffet there are far too many other buffets actually worth going to over this one, the Wynn is very good, as well as the mandalay bay (don't be fooled by the weak presentation of the food at the bay, the food is actually very good).
4	This buffet definitely has almost every single cuisine you could ever want. It definitely took a while just to walk down from one side to the other. i can see why there is SO many people that would want to eat here. They have special things such as made-to-order noodle soups and their gelato is definitely a highlight that I would give to them. I did feel that there was much more different types of asian food than any other kind. I don't mind, but sometimes, it is a little too much maybe it's only because I am asian. Anyways, definitely come to this buffet, it is probably the only reason why people even come here even though it's off the strip.
2	Definitely quantity over quality. The buffet has many selections of international cuisines, however none of the food was really memorable. For example, the sushi section consisted of very basic rolls and no sashimi. Some of the food was good, such as the Italian pasta, but nothing was exceptional. The only thing that somewhat stood out was the dessert bar. The buffet serves a variety of gelato and sorbeto scoops, good if you want to sample a few flavors.
4	Tons of food to choose from!
4	Its like a Trip Around the World!!!!Im stuffed for days after this one.TIP: DONT COME HERE HIGH.. might seem like the greatest idea ever...but its not... YOU'LL DIE!!!
2	I remember coming to this buffet as a child. Ignorance is truly bliss when you're a child. You can't distinguish between bad food and good tasting food. Being able to just enjoy McDonalds, without being drunk.@ Snow Crab - Its just crab, nothing spectacular about them. Doesn't have the fresh or sweetness taste to them. Unlike the Wynn or Bellagio, the Rio doesn't split the legs in half for you. One of the waiter gave me a tool to assist in splitting the crab legs, but the tool was worthless.@ Prime Rib - The staple meat at buffet that actually delivers. It came out nice and red, as it should be. Now this isn't as good as Lawrys, but it was acceptable for a buffet. If it wasn't for this, I would have felt jipped here.@ Sushi (California, Shrimp, Salmon, Tuna) - Disgusting. You can find better sushi at a gas station in Baker when you're heading to Vegas.@ Pho - You get more flavor eating rice crackers seasoned with salt and pepper. The noodle was a mushy mess and the broth was probably made using beef powder to get the beef broth. The beef was sitting in the pool of water, letting it sit there to get well done, aka burn to a crisp beef.@ Mashed Potatoes - It wasn't the worst I had, but it was pretty bad. Need a little more seasoning or butter.@ Salmon - This was a salmon steak that the "chefs" just brought out. it was so hard that I was considering giving it to one of our neighbor juveniles instead of using rocks. It'll still break windows when you throw the salmon at it, but at least its biodegradable!@ Lasagna - Just last week I had the lasgna you get from Costco. That stuff tasted a lot better than the stuff here. It just lacks the meat or cheeses for it to truly be a good. Garfield disapproves of this dish. @ Mussels - This was in some black bean sauce. It had a funky spicy kick. The sauce just overpowered the taste of the mussels.@ Velvet Cake - This was almost redder than my prime rib. It was good however. @ Brownie - I think the NHL accidentally delivered hockey pucks to the Rio. It did taste fine once you're able to break it up and get it into your mouth.@ Carrot Cake - One of the better deserts here. You can just taste a hint of the carrot and the cake was just moist and delicious. @ Chocolate Cake - This was some weird tasting chocolate cake. Pass. @ Coconut Gelato - I love coconut and this was my favorite gleato out of the bunch. @ Tirmasu Gelato - This is coffee, not tirmasu. I don't like coffee, so I didn't like this gelato at all. @ Oreo Gelato - They went a little overboard on the cookies, you can't even taste the gelato.@ Coconut Cream Pie - It was just okay. Not great or bad.@ Cream Puff - Yum. Similar to the ones you find in Asian bakeries on Spring Mountain.@ Lemonade / Ice Tea - The drinks that comes with the dinner just tasted weird. It just didn't taste right. I tried 3 different glasses of drink and it all tasted the same. Can't even execute something as simple as flavored sugar water.I did use my locals discount which was suppose to be good for a 2 for 1 or 50% off your buffet. Instead, our party of 3 got 50% for everyone, so our total came out to $36 or $12 per person. For $12 this buffet is worth it, otherwise I wouldn't spend $25 at this buffet. I rather go to a regular restaurant for $25 and get better food.Our server was truly nice, but even he can't do much if the quality of food just sucks. I noticed the plates weren't really that clean, with a noticeable dark sheen on it, gross! The floors wasn't swept when food fell down. The buffet area wasn't wiped clean. I stepped on some kind of desert. Gross.For half off, its not a bad deal eating here. At full price, just avoid Vegas buffets and go to like Cheesecake Factory instead. If you want to do buffet, do Studio B or the Wynn buffet. Quality of food is abysmal and you should just go elsewhere.
3	Is it worth the money? If you eat a lot of crab legs :) Everything else? A-OK for quantity, but MEH for quality.
3	This buffet is huge, I don't like how the seats are setup. Either you get seated very far and close. Food selection is good. Service is so-so, it can be better. If I didn't have coupon for this buffet, I wouldn't have went.
4	Great buffet at a great price. There is a large selection, and it's hard to decipher what you're going to eat once you walk down the entire aisle. -Prime Rib- Delish, so rare it could still be mooing, but cooked just right, just like I like it. -Sushi- Decent, not amazing, a small upgrade from what you could get at a grocery store.-Pizza- Decent, I had to have a slice since I'm a huge pizza fan.-Crab Legs- Had a hard time with these since they weren't already cracked and the tool they gave me didn't do much. Weren't particularly amazing. -Dessert- Great selection, wish the cheesecake was colder, but the gelato selection was great (although I don't think it was truly gelato, it tasted like plain ice cream). Ate a bit of everything else although nothing else really stood out. The line was a bit long when we approached, but once you were in you didn't have to wait too long.
4	Pros:One of the best buffets in Vegas. They're nice enough to locals to give you half off if you show your Nevada ID.LOTS of variety.Not as tacky as it once was.Cons:Very long wait in line, and sometimes it's a longer wait to be seated than it is to pay for your meal.Used to be better(but it's still very good so that's not saying a whole lot).Service can be iffy.They have everything from calamari to clam strips, pizza to samosas, gumbo to sushi. It's a shame your stomach can only hold so much. I swear my stomach is getting smaller because last time I went I was pretty much full after 2 plates, and I mostly ate small finger foods/appetizers. A good idea would be to sneak some containers into your bag so you can take some stuff to go.........but you didn't hear that from me. XD.
3	3 Stars because the food wasn't as good as advertised! After all the hype "Best buffet in vegas" my ass.  This placs was a let down.  The only thing I liked was the variety of food to pick from.  The stations are literally a football field long so that was kinda cool.  The best part of the buffet was probably the dessert.  Cookies were just like mom makes em!  and the gilato was excellentemundo!
4	Great buffet  with lots of food variety. They have everything from sushi to Mexican food. There dessert station was good and they have a big selection of gelato. If I can I will make a stop here next time I'm in Vegas.
3	My uncle had VIP so we didn't have to wait for dinner which was AWW-SOME!This place literally had EVERYTHING. Mexican, Chinese, Vietnamese, Italian, Soul Food, American, Mongolian...they even had DIM SUM! OMG the selections were almost endless.I tried so much but here are some of the things that stood outChicken: BLEH a little dry, but it had a some flavor.Mashed Potatoes: I have no idea how you made it but it was so good I didn't even need gravy with it.Pho: mediocre, the meatballs were kinda funny tasting..Egg Noodle: The broth was good, I just had some of the broth to help everything else down.Fettucine: I have no idea what is in your Alfredo sauce, but I'd love to figure out the recipe because it was soo good, and we added a bit of butter sauce and it was DELISH!Crab Legs: DUDE they were packed to the top and I'm pretty sure this line was by far the longest one I had to wait in. They were pretty good and didn't even need to be dipped with anything for tasteTamale: The shredded beef was so flavorful and had a hint of spice to it, yummmGelato: it's the best. I'm pretty sure I had 3 ice cream runs in between meals LOL. Strawberry and Mango sorbet were my fave, although the Tiramisu and Cookies n' Cream seemed to by the most popular.Service: AMAZING, I think we may have gotten lucky with our server but he was sooooo NICE and was on top of his game. We tipped him well, he even refused to take the tip because it was so much even though we swore it was the minimum he should be tipped. He gave us a free gigantic Rio margarita cup and kept thanking us. He was a sweetheart.
4	hands down the best buffet Ive ever been to. The food Is great, the service is prompt & the wide selection of food will leave you feeling like a kid in a candy store.
2	Came here for lunch buffet on a Monday, around 3pm. It was crowded as hell! About a 45 minute wait for a table. Since we came near the end of lunch, there was slim pickins for food. No seafood or crab legs, that must be during dinner time. I can tell you that I went ape on the shrimp cocktail and Bananas Foster (mind blowing). There was one cool thing that happened, discount cocktails for 15 minutes! You have to listen to the announcement though.
3	It is truly a world buffet and worth the price.I basically tried everything and everything was phenomenal except for the king crab legs. I got really sick from that but I think it's because I'm used to my seafood more well done and the legs were sort of raw so it wasn't too good.Dim sum was bomb! As well as the wonton noodle soup.The roast beef and other sliced meats were SO YUMMY.They had PHO too but I didn't eat that.I do wish I tried other buffets though. My friends commented and said that the buffet they paid more for was better in quality then the carnival buffet but if you're staying in Vegas for a few days. I say try them all!
3	This review is for the "Buffet of Buffets" 24 hour, all you can eat, buffet pass. This magical pass allows you to enjoy all day access to the buffets at 7 different Harrah's properties. The price is $39.99 for Rewards Club members and $45.99 for non-members. It is seriously easy to sign up for the pass and worth the $5 savings. The best day to buy the pass is Sunday because the brunch buffets include the booze free of charge. Also, remember to check the operating hours at each buffet because they do vary.Note: We did all seven locations (actually 8 buffets because we hit one twice) back to back in 11 hours. Then we went back to Harrah's at 7:51 am the next morning at ate our last buffet of the 24 hours. So, 9 buffets in 24 hours for $39.99...WIN!!!The buffets included in the deal are: Le Village Buffet inside Paris, Planet Hollywood's Spice Market Buffet, Flamingo's Paradise Garden Buffet, Flavors at Harrah's, Lago Buffet at Caesars, the Emperor's Buffet at Imperial Palace and Rio's Carnival World Buffet!We started our 24 hour eating adventure at 7:52am Sunday morning at the Flamingo. and ended the first day of eating at the Rio 11 hours later.Carnival World Buffet-I will tell you that after 11 hours of eating the sight of people swarming around a giant mountain of crab legs, pushing, jostling, and shoving...grabbing, piling, and mounding piles of legs on to their plates was kind of disturbing. It really looked like some kind of seafood zombie apocalypse. But they looked like very happy crab leg eating zombies.This buffet has lots of different stations. The food is OK, nothing really stood out as amazing. I did love the fact that they had a fried food station where every item was either just deep fried, or battered and deep fried. That is just made of WIN as far as I am concerned!Overall, this buffet was just OK. Our server was very attentive despite the fact that the place was packed. The wait to pay was long and confusing as they have 1 long line that eventually splits in to 6 lines, separated by tender type (i.e. cash, room charge, credit/debit, buffet of buffets.)
3	This is probably the biggest buffet I've been to but bigger isn't always better. This is the world famous Carnival Buffet which features different culinary aspects of the world. There is French, Japanese, Thai, etc. There are many different types of food here, offering a small selection of each to try. Ive been here quite a few times and always leave stuffed since it's an all you can eat bar. The food is decent with plenty of variety but not always the best tasting.  I cant really complain too much because the price isn't that bad considering all the different types of selections there are.  For the seafood lovers there are some crab legs with melted butter for your liking. I basically camped out at the crab leg corner, stocked up and peeled away. A good place to eat for tourist who want to get the true Vegas Buffet experience.
3	I personally did not like this buffet. I thought the best part was the desserts. This place really is a world buffet with foods from around the globe. They have alot of foods to choose from but I didn't try much.  Nothing really caught my eye and it's somewhat gloomy in there. There was a long line outside with a ton of tables open, yet they weren't seated. I wonder why?
4	k, i haven't been there for how many years, but i have to admit, modern interior decor.  Omg, their corn dog was the bomb.  They have alot of selections.  very impress :)   This buffet is included in the City-Wide buffet (24hr buffet)
4	Whenever I come to Las Vegas with my parents, we ALWAYS have to make a trip to the Carnival World Buffet at Rio for dinner. There's a lot of variety to choose from - a little bit for everyone. The dinner buffet is always good. The only problem I have with the dinner buffet is this: BRING BACK THE PISTACHIO GELATO. It's the best. I miss it.On another note, I am only writing this review for the dinner buffet. I've gone to the Carnival Buffet for breakfast and it was HORRIBLE. It was totally unexpected. The breakfast items were limited and what was offered was dreadful. Trust me, if you're looking for a great breakfast buffet...go to the Wynn/Encore buffet! It's a little more expensive ($5 more) but is totally worth every penny.
3	A colleague suggested we go to the Rio buffet after our conference ended. I'm normally opposed to buffets, since they seem to believe that stuffing you beyond all reason is compensation for mediocre food.I was surprised at the Rio. The quantity was certainly there, and the "they didn't cheat me" mentality was in full effect. The food itself was actually decent. I had some prime rib that was near-perfect. Frankly, when I get crab legs, I like to get as many as possible. It was an excellent situation. The desserts were very good, without being too sweet. Our waiter cleared the table quickly and efficiently.The only downer was observing the unabashed gluttony of other individuals. My colleagues noted listening to people complain about not enough when they've had two pounds of lobster tails is just shameful.
5	Best buffet on the strip.  Only been for dinner.  Its huge.  You will need a second stomach to take everything in.  They need better mashed potatos through.  Excellent!  And you will not live hungry.
3	I've been to this buffet a number of times and as much as I like it, I can no longer go back. Why? Because my stomach can't hang....I'm not sure if it's the combination of alcohol in my stomach and the food I eat to soak it up, or if it's just the food altogether, but the last couple of times I've eaten here, I've gotten sick. REALLY sick. One of the things I loved most about the world buffet was the fact that they had king crab legs at one of the stations. I love crab legs!! They were delicious, with the occasional leg tasting like ocean, but I'm pretty sure that's what did me in. Their buffet is reasonable price-wise and they have a huge selection of food. Their desserts are one of my favs too. Definitely check this buffet out if you have a strong stomach.
3	One of the things I was most looking forward to during my first trip to Vegas was the famous buffets. You know how when you hype something up so much, reality always falls short? That's kinda what happened. When I was waiting in line, I saw the flames that decorate one of the stations and got so excited to try the food. When I finally made it inside, I scanned the whole place to make sure I didnt waste precious stomach space on normal food like, i dunno, salad. So many things looked good so I heaped as much as I could on my plate as possible. Screw neat plating. Real foodies dgaf if sauces overlap! When I finally attacked my food, I was relatively disappointed. Everything was, for lack of a better word, aight. The french toast was cold so after 2 bites, I abandoned it. The sushi was bland so I just ate the inside and left the rice. The plus about this place is that there is undeniably a large variety of food to choose from. The bad part is that there wasnt anything memorable, at least for me. The gelato station was probably the best part because you cant go wrong with gelato. Come on now, people.
2	This is perhaps the biggest buffet in Las Vegas, however, the flavor is difinitely limited! The standards of this place  has gone down and the prices keep going up! Sure they have many types of foods, but they don't pay much attention to the taste, presentation, and quality of what the Carnival World Buffet was about 6years ago. Salty food, bland food, hot food gone cold and cold food that has gone warm. Carved meats that needs some serious injection of Au Ju, shrimp that is saltier than the sea, and cocktail sauce that is sour as a lime can be. Stale wontons ands stale tortillas and greasy gravy pools on top of some boxed up watery mashed potatoes. Definitely go and grab some In and Out instead of spending $$$ here.
2	It seems like even though The Rio has been around for quite some time the buffet here is still considered one of the best or most talked about buffet's in Vegas, I think there are better options on the strip.  Although my family never has to wait in line when we come here there are a bunch of people that do and for hours at a time! I personally don't like buffets so this may be a biased review, however, I've eaten at my fair share and can give a review compared to the others on the strip.  It seems like rio puts out your standard buffet fair with nothing that is captivating and pleasing to the eye rather just food for the masses.  The dessert is usually the best part of any buffet and while this one did have good gelato, however, it didn't have creme brulee!! What kind of vegas buffet doesn't have creme brulee?! I had to knock off one star just for that factor alone.  Usually I come back with several plates of mini desserts and have a bite from all and have an internal battle about which one to get because they all look so cute, but this one was lacking and I had to fight to pick at least 2 desserts to try.   Overall ... i just don't like buffets =(
4	Great food but the plates are so damn hot!
4	This is one of the best if not the best buffet in Vegas. Lots of variety in food. Get the all you can eat buffet pass for $39.99 for 24hours. Well worth it.
4	This place makes me wanna yack.. from eating too much! They have so much food and variety theres no way one could try them all. All you can eat for 24 hours pass is 40$, while a one time is 25$ to get in. If I were staying at this hotel I would have opted for the full 24 hours pass, and have gone at least 4 times lol.The dish that really stood out to me was the spare ribs, I kept going back for more. Their crabs are a bit salty but I believe thats just the way they are. I was surprised there wasnt that big of a line when we were there at 6pm on a Friday.Overall not a bad place to grub at.
4	This is one of the buffets I like most out of all the ones in Vegas.  I think this buffet has the most food selection.  It starts from one end to another ranging from Italian, seafood, American, Mexican, Chinese to a Salad and dessert.  It's so hard to work your way from one end to another knowing that you might not make it to the end and want to try the stuff in the middle first. Every time I come here, I always leave happy and sad because I'm beyond full.  It's not as expensive as other buffets as well.  A must get is the prime rib and crab legs, and for dessert cookies and gelato.
3	Went here using our 24 hr buffet pass. The selection was impressive, but the taste was mediocre. The carved meats were dry and chewy. I felt like I was eating meat flavored gum. There's a large snow crab leg station. One thing I LOVED was the soup station where you can build your own egg noodle, pho, tom yum soups. I had a bowl of chicken egg noodle and pho w/ meatballs and the were both delicious.The desserts section was great. There was gelato, eclairs, various pies, cakes, cheesecakes, and my favorite was the bananas cooked in this rum sauce. I poured that rum sauce all over any of the other pastries I got, it was so good. There was also strawberry flavored churros that were amaaaaazing that was in the Mexican section. We came at for champagne brunch so cheers for unlimited mimosas all around! The wait staff was very prompt and friendly.All in all, it's a good buffet with a lot of choices. But to me, it's just your typical buffet foods without any special pop that draws you in. I definitely wouldn't mind coming back if I had that 24 hr buffet pass, but if I was choosing to fork out money for one buffet, it wouldn't be this one.
4	My entire experience here only rates it to about 3 stars which is average to pretty decent but it gets a one star bump because the price drops to 12 dollars per person with local ID.Like all buffets in Vegas, the Carnival World Buffet is like a huge shotgun blast with 00 buck load. There's no specialization in any one thing but they're enough of a variety to make up for it.As much as i want to dissect the entire dining experience and present what's good and what's bad i'm finding it difficult to do so because the balance between quantity over quality is nicely balanced.At first i thought the plates were WAY too small for a buffet but after my 4th plate i began to realize the plates are small so you get less food (unless you pile on high) and make more trips, smaller portions of one thing encouraged sampling which resulted in a taste of as close to everything they have to offer as possible. The soup station is a nice addition to a buffet but the soups were lacking in body and some were a tad bland. The Tom Yum broth is a perfect example. At first taste it's Tom Yum but the flavors are so diluted and watered down that if compared to a Tom Yum powdered instant noodle broth the instant noodle would win hands down.The prime rib is either hit or miss depending on a lot of factors such as which slice did you get out of the whole, how close to the ends, how long it's been under the lamp ect ect. The slice i got was VERY nice and tender. The slice my buddy got 10 minutes after i got mine looked like it'd been boiled and was tougher.The Mongolian BBQ / Your Own Fried Noodles station needed a bit of improvement. For one they go a bit heavy on the sauce so ask for very light. If you get garlic take some time to mash it up and integrate it into your bowl because the fryer man wont do it for you. I had an entire lump of garlic waiting for me at the end of a bite.Dessert was fairly light, at least for us it was. The Red Velvet cake had a very good cake to frosting ratio despite its pathetic finger sized portion. Nice coco flavor way better then the Red Velvet @ CPK. The Carrot Cake had large visible slivers of grated carrots and a very rich spiced aroma and was my favorite of the desserts. The Tiramisu galeto pretty much tasted like over sweetened coffee.Again this place only rates about three stars but one additional star is added because they do something not a lot of places in Vegas do: Take care of their locals with a phat ass discount.
4	Since the Paris buffet went downhill, this has emerged as my current favorite buffet in Las Vegas!  There are so many choices, it would take days of eating meals at the buffet to try everything.Disregard the Friday-only seafood buffet...we went on a Tuesday night, and they had tons of crab legs among other seafood choices.  Of the items I remembered trying, I liked the salisbury steak, Chinese pork loin, eggrolls, taco bar, mac and cheese, prime rib, fruit tart, cauliflower au gratin, honey glazed ham, etc.Paying $26 after tax, the quality was good enough for the price and variety and much better than a lot of other places I have tried.
4	What's the first things you think of when you talk about Vegas? For most it's gambling, drinking all night, Elvis, and all you can eat buffets. Now there used to be a day when you could come to Vegas, pay $30 for a hotel room, and $6 for the buffet. In which you gorged yourself to the point that you wouldn't want to eat for the rest of the day. The concept of this was so that you could spend less money on the food and lodging and more on the gambling.But those days are gone....The buffet will cost about $25 a person but I'm told that if you look around there are ways to get two-fers and discounts. The value is pretty decent, though and when you walk inside you'll see it. The buffet itself is as long as a football field. Seriously, it's that massive from end-to-end. And the menu ranges from your typical buffet affair (prime rib, salad, etc) to even a sushi bar and wood-fired pizza. What also makes this buffet a bit different is that there is an alcohol bar that, if you pay attention will offer $1 drinks every half hour or so.The quality of the food is good but I'd avoid getting there at the end of one meal session and the turnover of another if you want the freshest stuff. Some things are constant, but the menu items do change between meals so they usually stop refilling about 30 minutes before the change.The service was really good. Our drink server, despite being very busy, was attentive. My beverage was never empty and when I shifted from a soft drink to coffee (as I do for dessert), she didn't grumble one bit. The best part, though, was at one visit I had arrived late. At other buffets, they'll warn you that you only have a few minutes and then kick you out (or charge you the higher meal price). My server let me know of the change but despite me paying for breakfast, I was allowed to stay through to lunch. The Carnival World Buffet is an amazing buffet and one of the best on the strip. A must when you visit and come with a hearty appetite. But make sure you can dedicate a couple hours to eating or you won't be able to experience fully. Four Stars based on:Awesome selectionGreat serviceDecent qualityIf the regular price had been less, this would have been Five Stars.
4	Our last day in Vegas and we had to do the buffets. We first went to Wynn and the line was ridiculously long so we decided to go the Rio. When we got here there was a line, but it wasn't as long as the Wynn's buffet line. Thank you baby Jesus, because we were starving!I thought it was pretty cool that when it was your turn to pay, you paid at a machine that took either cash or credit card, the machine was a little slow but I thought it was cool. The buffet for lunch was like $24, which isn't bad at all. We waited to get seated and lucky us, we were seated right next to the food! Now when you come to buffets, you aren't paying entirely for the quality of the food but mainly the quantity and the variety of food. They had food from all different kinds of cultures, like American, Mexican, Southern, Chinese, Vietnamese, Japanese and etc. I tried stuff from each and every section of this place, the thing I kept going back to was the mashed potatoes with cheese (I hope that gooey stuff was cheese and not mucus -_-). They have a cute dessert area, with tons and tons and tons of sweets and gelato! I will admit that the desserts didn't taste super delicious, but I wasn't expecting it to anyway. =)$24 spent and a big full tummy, makes me happy! So, I'm a fan of this place!
4	Okay, if nothing else, the shear selection of things to choose from makes this place worth the $24. This is my first time here, so my rating it based only on one experience. I took only a small sampling of just about everything that was meat or fish and one trip to the buffet was all I could handle. I did get a slab of Prime Rib, which I could cut with my fork, and a couple of crab legs. Both were very good although the crab legs were bit overcooked, but that is so common to happen I won't knock the rating for it. The breaded scallops were awesome and the beef ribs were pretty good too. They were the type of BBQ ribs that are typically drier than the "fall off the bone ribs" I really like, but they were still good. The only two items I didn't care for were the chicken wings and fried fish. The deserts were okay, but by the time you have sampled all the foods and gone back for the stuff you liked, you won't be eating much desert any ways, so don't worry about it.The one thing I didn't get, but looked amazing, was the 1/2 gallon maragrita.  Okay, I don't know the exact size, but I did see one lady have to use two hands to carry it.Lastly, I didn't know about this but there is a coupon available at http://www.vegascoupons.com/rio-buffet-coupon.html
3	This review may suffer slightly because it was our 3rd buffet in two days and the excitement of prime rib and peel-and-eat shrimp had worn off.  We waited in line for lunch on a Tuesday. My biggest complaint is that it's so big that you don't spend much time with your party if you like to go get a little at a time like I do.  And the BEST part for me were the Dim Sum sesame balls - they were sooo good! Asian "soup bar" was really good (udon, pho, thom ka). Good pizza. Fresh deli sandwiches (Reuben) were good (cheese burgers and roast beef sandwiches very dried out though). Good onion rings. No prime rib at lunch. Not great ambiance, very cafeteria style and crowded.  With so much variety the quality suffered a bit, compared to other buffets. We weren't drinking but they kept announcing $4 drink specials on the PA.
2	We were just coming back from a leg of a road trip that stopped by Zion Canyon in Utah, and we were exhausted. But Rio was a nice break. Unluckily for us we hit it during this random Sunday Champagne lunch special, where they tack on 6$ to the price whether or not you plan to have their "complimentary" one glass of champagne. It was good, and, granted, cheaper than getting a separate drink at the bar, but since not all in our party took advantage of it, namely, those under 21 and the driver, it seemed wasteful. Anyways, international is the name of the game? Hardly. If they have good chefs here, they certainly aren't American, Chinese, Japanese, or Italian. Stay away from the teppanyaki, dim sum was hardly that, and even immutable pasta left something to be desired. The one thing I liked about this that Caesar's or others I've recently been to didn't offer were the king crab legs, in which I indulged myself wholeheartedly. The gelato bar was also outstanding and a memorable dessert. But on the whole I felt that, like at many buffets, I was simply eating to fill my stomach and not enjoying the food.I don't usually leave a large tip on top of something like this, where the waiter traditionally only brings drinks and clears dishes, but the waitress clearly went out of her way to be friendly and helpful. I like that. All in all, the great waitress wasn't enough to salvage the buffet's impression from the below-average food. We chose the out-of-the-way Rio because of rave reviews from our resident Vegas experts, but I'm not sure what their standard of food is.
1	Well we were given several recommendations to try this buffet..... Lets just say I am on a mission to hunt down those people down! Anyways, me and my wife arrived on a sunday to las vegas. That night we decide to try this buffet. Now it is a huge buffet which takes you on a culinary trip around the world. But after trying a little bit of some italian,mexican,chinese and american food, we came to the same conclusion......VERY BLAND FOOD! Almost all of it had absolutley no flavor. Save your $ and go elsewhere!
4	I saw a show on the Travel Channel that mentioned the Rio Carnival World Buffet as being the biggest buffet in the United States! I thought to myself, I gotta go there!I found out about the "Buffet of Buffets" from Carrie D. I could not live up to her 9 buffets in 24 hours....actually not even close. The reason why is I had a basketball tournament....and had to play in 3 games. I only went to 2, Carnival and Spice Market. The next time I go to Vegas, I'm shooting for your record Carrie!  Anyways, the Carnival World was huge! And to my surprise....it was really good! They had just about everything and everything I was tasty. The wait was short because we went around 6 pm. I definitely recommend the Carnival World Buffet!
4	If you have picky eaters in your group this is the place to go. Options galore but I would suggest going for dinner. Thats when my favs such as crab legs and prime rib come out. I see not everyone agrees on the 4 star rating I'm giving but I think it depends on what your going for. Every dish is good however they are not omg amazing. My fave crab for example you just have to get fresh for it to be good and it is. The sushi is fine for most (I have very high standards) and come in basic forms. You will find something you like from salads to deserts something will catch your eye. Put it this way, I've driven from So Cal to Vegas just to eat here. Yes I love crab!And dont forget to get the $5 off coupon. Its always in that magazine they put in your hotel or google it. Makes it an even better deal!
3	Bad service, ok food
5	My favorite Vegas buffet. This place is huge. They have pretty much everything. I can and have eaten the crab legs here for hours. It's also not as expensive or have as long of a wait in line as other Vegas buffets, though this one is much better.Too bad it's off the strip, but the trip is well worth it.Note: champagne is included in the Buffet of Buffets.
4	So I constantly hear that Rio use to be the best buffet in vegas, but this was definitely before my time, as such their reign at the top is as ephemeral as ever. Everything about this place is meh, after about 20 hours of buffeting this was my groups last stop. The two pluses that brought this place from a 3 to a four is the fact that they serve champagne for brunch and they also serve gelato. It's the first buffet ive been to with gelato. My favorites were the mango, chocolate, and coconut. Gosh thinking about it makes me drool. Though it wasnt the best quality food or gelato for that matter, it still hit the spot quite well. The buffet could definitely use some renovation
4	Even though my stomach hurts at the mere thought of how much I ate here, I must also note that my taste buds are also standing to attention. Judge me if you must, but the last time I went to Vegas, I purchased the 24-hour buffet pass (which is really only $39.99 when you sign up for the total rewards program).  It's just a good deal.  Do you remember how much food costs in Vegas? I certainly didn't.  And I was shocked, nay, appalled by the fact that a $6 hot dog was my cheapest meal rescue. Anyway, back to the story, erm, review... I rationalized with my partner in crime that Vegas buffets costs from $20 to $40 each anyway, so if we went to just two, we would come out on top.  And, well, if we managed to wake up early, dine late, and pretty much just jog from one buffet to the other, we would actually be making money. You see?  Food can be an addiction too... Ahem.After a seemingly endless, nauseating, and threat-to-never-eat-again-pledge-ridden buffet marathon, my associate and I decided to go out with a bang: the Rio buffet.  After a long walk, a shuttle ride, and a pretty beefy-looking line later, we entered pure heaven.  Wow, just the thought of if makes my stomach growl.  Following such severe disappointments as the much-lauded Paris champagne brunch, this place was just an overeater's (me) storybook fairytale.  So here's a list of the menu, off the top of my head. - American diner style section: tater tots, onion rings and fries, well fried to perfection, you get my drift...- Mexican food bar: pretty good guacamole, steaming hot tortillas, freshly-made churros (even some with strawberry jam inside), red rice, flavorful refried beans, shredded chicken, and slightly-watery salsa- Made-to-Order Noodles/Soup section: pick from bars full of fresh veggies, meats, and sauces, choose an overall flavor from the menu, and voila: your fresh-made meal in less than a minute- like having a supercool, futuristic microwave (fifth element shoutout!)- Comfort Foods: mashed potatoes, yams, endless varieties of rolls, green beans, fried chicken, and mac 'n cheese- Asian Fare: orange chicken, spicy beef and broccoli, chow mein, fried rice, and so on.- Desserts: Where do I start?  The sugar-free section is ridiculous! And by ridiculous, you know I mean awesome.  Loads of apple, berry, and cream pies, chocolate and sugar cookies, blueberry bread, etc.  Non-sugar free offered the same items as SF and more: chocolate cake, tiramisu, carrot cake, and an entire gelato bar, etc. It was all very delightful. Of all of the buffets I magically managed to cram into the 24-hour marathon, I would say that Rio's is the best.  The buffet offered an amazing and fresh variety, the service was friendly, efficient, and non-judgmental (I, myself, would have offered a bib), and the overall decor was clean and soothing (think warm lighting to hide the grease-and-sauce-strewn faces).  I can't wait to go back!
3	Dinner buffet. Not 100% perfect but many things stood out and you could find a few things that were spot on. The Chinese duck was to die for. The Gelato.. Yum. For 24.00 it was a bargain.
1	Looked alot like a restaurant chain called "China Buffet" with lots and lots of fried food. Majority of selections were greasy, oily and unhealthy. There is absolutely no comparison between this one and the Wynn buffet or the Bellagio buffet where you find quality salads and delicious sea foods. The desserts were totally uncreative, regular apple pies that you can get everywhere. The seating area was just like a food court in a mall. No luxury or class whatsoever. 1 star is good enough.
5	Carnival World Buffet gains 2 stars from our last visit. Wow, what an awesome experience! Service was stellar! Prime rib was perfectly rare and the carver was friendly and awesome. The rest of the food I had was much improved from my last visit.The lines were clearly marked and organized this time around. The cashier was gruff but fast and efficient.Thanks for taking it up a notch Rio...much appreciated!
4	The Rio is off the Strip but that is not deterring people from going to it!Carnival World buffet was the first stop in the Buffet of Buffets for us.  I'd say skip the king crab legs.  For the amount of work to get that little piece of meat is not worth it and the 'tools' they give you to use are worthless.  The ribs were good.  The desserts especially the cheesecake and chocolate mousse, were excellent.  Our plates were promptly removed and iced teas and Diet Cokes were promptly and often refilled.
4	I came here for brunch, as they were rolling out some of the lunch items out already.  Compared to the other hotel buffets, this one wasn't too bad actually.  Our waitress was pretty nice though, smiled a lot and was very courteous.  An extra star for that one.
5	What can I say?? This is my all time favorite buffet.. For $24.99/person + tax (their brunch), it's a great deal.  Their dessert station is immaculate!  There is so much to choose from, and the quality of their food is great.  The variety of Asian food is pretty vast... from sushi to dimsum.. to pho made to order.  If you go for their brunch, you also get a mimosa for each person!  Don't forget to tip your waitress. :)
4	I really like this buffet. I've eaten at many of the casino buffets (because my ex loved them) so I can honestly say that this one for years, is still a favorite of mine. Locals who show their Nevada ID get a deal Monday- Thursday only- lunch is $8.50, dinner is $12.50. There is an automated system to pay if you're not a local or if you're not using coupons. Parking is easy if you choose the right one- just outside of the buffet. There are two parking garages on either side of the casino, too. Italian, Chinese, Seafood, live action cooking (a line), fresh carved meats like ham and turkey, and finally the extensive desserts station featuring yummy gelato. I have a few favorites like the peel and eat shrimp (lemon and cocktail sauce), the baked chicken, the sio mai (Chinese dim sum), and the gelato. I limit myself to two plates, so as to not overdo it. I try not to load up on starches. My husband likes the fried clams and the crab legs, and thinks the pizza isn't bad. Remember (1) to pace yourself and (2) not everything that is served is good or is to your liking. If I am not sure about a dish, I only get a small amount. There are so many choices here, so it's easy to please many palates. The stations are clean and maintained very well (refilled), for the most part. The new plates are plentiful. The people preparing the food wear chef coats and hats to match. The service is pretty good- drinks are refilled frequently and dirty plates are taken away. There is a bar in the middle. The bathrooms are off to the side of the buffet- this is an improvement, used to be out in the casino floor, you had to leave.Usually, casino buffets are disappointing with lackluster quality. But this one has been a customer favorite for years and for good reason- the food. I'm sure that we will be back soon to take advantage of the Locals Discount.
1	Oysters and lobster? Hell yeah! Count me in.  Wow, color me disappointed. The oysters were gritty and sandy. The lobsters, crab legs, and prime rib were so salty. But on the flip side, the mussles (even the ones sitting in sauce) were so bland.Everything else was crappy or not worth eating because it was typical "Hometown Buffet" food or worse. I was at least hoping to make a taco or nacho, but they were missing a TON of stuff. No refried beans, black beans, sour cream, etc.  The Mediterranean section was pathetic. How do you equate bagels, smoked salmon, and capers with Mediterranean food?We got jacked!
5	My husband and I loved it here!  Normally buffet food is very bland but this was actually very good.  We did make the mistake of first starting on the Chinese food side.  I know, we should have first looked at what they had and if we did that, we would have for sure started on the seafood side.  Lobster, shrimp, sushi, fried rice, tilapia, scallops, wow!  We felt like we were eating like kings!  Lol  Yet, we didn't stuff ourselves either.  So we didn't have that nasty, gross feeling when we left.  On the other hand, we were full enough that we couldn't eat dessert.  On our way out, we walked and looked at all the desserts.  It was amazing, it literally looked like a high-end bakery sitting in the miiddle of the buffet.  Very fancy looking desserts.  We will definitely be back for sure!!!!
4	I just got back from this place with my bread queen merely 4 hours ago, and I'm still full. This was the original reason why I went to Vegas this weekend, not to celebrate the end of finals, not to take the opportunity of having a free hotel room in Mirage, but to show my beloved bread queen what an international buffet looked like. It didn't disappoint at all. Still full from a big ass brunch from the unflavorful Flavors buffet at Harrah's, we decided to commit one of the seven deadly sins, gluttony, here. When I usually eat out at a buffet, I get only the things I like the most, but after being converted from picky to foodie, I journeyed to try and to finish everything that the buffet had to offer. Mission over-accomplished. Ranging from italian, american, comfort, chinese, japanese, and bread cuisine, this place has it all. The only thing wrong today was a temperature issue. Quality of all the food we had was great, even the bountiful desserts. Our server was also way friendlier and livelier than our morning server. I ate about 7 plates of food, probably consumed over 5000 calories here alone, but it was all worth it. To top it all off, we had the booth nearest to the buffet line of the Diamond area so no interruptions was present.Must tries:Prime Rib - my girl was tripping out on how it melts in your mouth, literallyBBQ and Regular Ribs - not fall of the bone tender, but flavorful enough to satisfy the massesKorean BBQ Ribs - can't go wrong wherever this is givenHoney Baked Ham - it's sweet meets savory Shrimp - butterflied and flavorful without marinaraShrimp Pizza - as a shrimp lover... must I say more?Any fried food - these guys know how to fry no jokeStay away from:Corn Dog - it didn't even taste fried, and the casing of the hot dog was rubbery and strongSushi - not quality sushi, plus there's other things better to eat hereComfort Food Area - you won't weigh the same after visiting this part of the buffet...Dessert Bar - everything is addicting, especially the apple crisp and bread pudding (top it off with granola...)After eating, I was snapping my fingers and clapping my heels together wishing I was in bed. Full off my mind, I wasn't able to finish my last plate full of sweets, I honestly didn't know what I was eating by the 6th plate. My girl was also full off of her mind, and getting up was already a mission to do. For 25 bux a head, this is way worth it, plus the quality of food, unmatched by other buffets.
2	Bleh. Mediocre at best. To state the obvious it is a buffet.. not a 5 star restaurant. Either way, I was disappointed. Ive been to a whole ton of buffets in Vegas, we come at least once a year. The Rio is supposed to have one of the top buffets in vegas. Ask around. The Rio is the place to hit.. or the Bellagio. I digress. The food was okay. One star up from Hometown i suppose. I dont remember the last time i went to one, but... theres a reason for it. They suck. I suppose a buffet is a place to stuff your face with everything u can think of.. at once,get full and pass out. Definitely not a place for quality. Starch, meat, some more starch, and a salad bar. Goodie!Ohh! and the vegeterian options? Minimal at best. Lettuce and macaroni and cheese? What a meal!1 star for having bananas foster... and okay gelato.
3	I really like this buffet.  There are a lot of choices that don't appear on ordinary buffets.  In addition, Nevada residents eat 1/2 price Monday through Thursday for lunch or dinner, so it's a great value.Tonight, I enjoyed the Chinese duck, beef tamale, some Chinese pork, and some wonderful white bean and tomato salad.  These were the highlights before I went to the dessert table.I would have given this 4 stars, but service was awful.  Our server didn't clear dishes, he didn't bring drink refills, nor did he come around to see if we needed anything.  Drop the place settings, extra napkins, and off he was.  Awful!  This is the first time I didn't tip at all.  He needed to know he was awful.  I was thinking of leaving him a dollar so he would know we didn't forget, but he didn't deserve that.
4	I happen to like this buffet alot. Everything is tasty for me. It's true that the meat was not exceptional but good enough, and they have everything good enough, I found nothing disappointing, that's why I like this. Well, they do have some stuff that aren't for my taste buds, not because those items were bad, it's just because I don't usually eat those items even outside a buffet, so not their fault. Meanwhile they also have alot of selections at the same time to compensate. So I found enough varieties of food that suites my taste so I like this buffet and would go there again. I like their seafood, which include clams, mussels, etc. I like their prime rib, and some other selections of meat entree, and they got peach cobbler, great gelato and cannoli! Great buffet for my taste.And I also like that customers can pay by credit card with a kiosk to avoid long lines. You would have to line up if you want to charge the buffet to your room though.The server was polite and had good attitude, and the chef who cut the prime rib was polite. These are pluses for me as I look at these areas as well when rating a buffet. I recommend this buffet to people who loves buffet.
3	While this buffet may not be the cream of the crop, it is defiantly not the bottom of the barrel. Its offerings are vast and fresh it servers up snow crab legs (although a bit saltier than I typically like). The "Chinese" duck is really the only thing that stands out as being over the top good. Beyond that it just a run of the mill Las Vegas buffet that attempts to categorize and circle the entire globe in one room. Unlike some other buffets this one does repeat it's serving stations on opposite ends which drives me up a wall as it is wasted space for so many other options and gives off a false sense of size.
4	It would honestly be awesome if they could have done more winding action with their buffet, as opposed to going alllllll the way down in one line, but hey, its ok because their food is great.I came here using my Buffet of Buffet pass, and if you don't have it, definitely check it out if you can plan it out.  You can easily fit in at least 3 buffets in a 24 hour period, maybe even 4 or 5 if you plan it well!  If this is the last stop for you, please make sure to factor in about a 20-30 minute wait, but even longer if you come on a weekend.  If you're not sure which of the 7 buffets you want to make sure to hit up, make sure the Rio is one of them.  A few of the highlights: Mongolian BBQ (drop off your food and then come back for it, because if you wait, it'll take 10 minutes or so), Prime Rib, decent chinese food for a buffet (with dim sum type of dishes), and shrimp/crab legs.  I wish that the shrimp was pre-peeled, but it's not.  The crab legs could be better, but I'm not one to complain!  You know what's great to top off your meal?  GELATO!!!!!  Fantastic.Have you ever walked around the world?  No?  Well bring your comfy shoes because walking back and forth from the buffet end-to-end.  For real.  It'll all be worth it, and plus, you're continuously burning off the calories you're consuming!
4	Every vegas trip I always go here. The selection is so diverse!!! The name of the buffet is so appropriate because u truly do get a taste of everything.The service here is amazing. Usually when i go to buffets the service is usually slow but not here. The servers are always pleasant and cheerful. My cups never go empty and my table is always cleared when I come back with a new plate of food.I love this place!! Must go!
3	I don't know living here all my life has made me buffet spoiled, BUT honestly I do have to say this place is better then a lot of other buffets. Top 5 I would say Oh yea and if you're a resident you get like a good discount anytime. So for lunch I think my friends and I payed around $10? Don't remember but it was dirt cheap for a good buffet like this. I was also surprised they had like good seafood so I was like ALRIGHT nom nom time with a side of prime rib.
5	ONLY 3.5 stars? I don't understand, good food AND a diverse selection. how much better can it get? the location is a little out of the way but I think it's really worth it! affordable and good! THIS IS the epitome of Vegas buffets, it doesn't have to be fancy and nice the food speaks for itself. there are discounted buffet passes around the casino as well so ask around!
4	Let me apologize for not writing during these past few days...  sori!Here is the reason...  I knew I was going to Vegas, I understand that my next one is my 100th review, therefore, I had to review one of the much better places to make my 100th review shine!  There's no other place better than City of Sin to scout out all the awesome eateries so that is why I've delayed my review for the entire weekend.. again, sori!  I do hope you all understand...So... 100th one... what should I have...  Buffet of course!  Didn't get the chance to check out Wynn again (it's been a long time), but at least I end up at Rio's famous Carnival World Buffet...  So here it goes...First of all, the name of the buffet has the word "World" in it... I bet you wouldn't expect it but literally, the selection is as big as this world!  Last time I've been there I remember the food lineup were as long as Walmart on Black Friday!!!  But now... it seems like the line is actually as long as Best Buy on Black Friday!!! (For those who has done the BF thing will understand my reference, good luck by the way if you are going this year!)Focus Henry Focus!!!  Ok... so... damn!!!  The selection seem to be longer than before... so let me tell you how this great wall of buffet is set up!  Starting from the left, you got like 8 different styles of pizzas, some condiments for burgers, bunch of seafood delicacies, crab legs & crab claws, deep fried seafood, mash potatoes along with the carving station, roast chicken, Mexican food sections such as taquitos, flautas, quesadilla, mole, carne asada, more mexican condiments, etc., The Bar (for some real fun drinks not ice tea or coke), Fresh Noodle station with pho, egg noodles, soups ranging from egg drop soup, hot and sour soup, etc. fish balls, pork balls, beef balls, more chinese condiments, chinese food such as chow mein, stir fried veggies, some meat dishes, dim sum, sweet bbq pork, roast duck, Italian/seafood, lasagna, meat balls, blackened catfish, broiled salmon, salisbury steak, country fried steak, , corn, pork chops,4 types of hot soups, salad station, fruits, cold salad related sides, wall........  Whew.... I'm terribly sorry for the EXTREMELY LONG RUN ON SENTENCE, but that is the best way to describe this unworldly buffet line!!! It is literally that long!!!  And let me tell you, despite all the descriptions, I probably missed like 30% of the food on that great wall of buffet!!!  It's absolutely ridiculous that they expect anyone to try all of their food here!!!Ah ha!  That's when I come in!  Agent H on the job!So I had to get very small portions and was actually able to get one of each samples from the plates on display... OMG was I full!!!  I swear I will never do that again!!!  Rio I hate you for doing this to me!!!  You leave all this deliciousness out there just so you can see me suffer!!! WHY???  (But I thank you for the yummy food!)So enough with the descriptions.. I know if I continue on this post 5001 character is not enough!  So here's my assessment and evaluation of this monstrosity that they called a buffet line.  Everything was actually decently made!!!  I pretty much enjoyed every single thing there with the exception to the following...  (you definitely should read this and skip them because I suffered to get you this piece of important info!)Things to skip:**Sushi -- hard cold rice, not fresh at all**Veggies -- waste of stomach space**Noodle soup -- This is an iffy... I loved the soup but was way too salty, maybe Mr. chef there can add some hot water or something? It's quite salty**Salmon -- Not sure how but they overcooked it... pretty dry and hard**Corn Chowder -- nothing special, again takes up space in tummy**Dim sum -- maybe it wasn't fresh when we got there but looked stale and old... very uninteresting.......**Fried fish filet -- Dude, these patties are from the supermarket!  (Van De Kamps)  Not tasty at allDo try everything else!Now... they still have dessert!!!  AHHHHH!! I can't take this anymore!  All this food and now a dessert island station right by the exit!!! Sure I'll take some yummy treats please!Gelatos! Gelatos! Gelatos!  Tried all of them and here are my favorite and least liked choices...Dislike:  Coconut---way too sweetRight in the middle:  Vanilla Yogurt---pretty tasty without that much sugarFavorite:  Sugarless Chocolate---WOWzers!  Taste like chocolate without the sugar!  Rich, Creamy, and absolutely amazing for being sugarless!  Where you've been all this time???Other desserts were on my notable list too such as bread pudding (I heart bread puddings with Whiskey sauce), cheesecake cup, and the best dessert would have to be the super eggy flan!  Extremely enjoyable!So now... can someone wheel me out of this place?  Get me out of here before I say... Yes... I would like to see what else they got... maybe another ice cream?  maybe another cake?  Maybe this is one of Sin City's absolute best?  Just maybe...
4	The food here is so good!They have such a wide variety of meats, sides, appetizers, and desserts. Unlike most buffets, the quality of food here is surprisingly really good. They always have special offers going on and the staff is very accomodating. I witnessed a woman begin to yell at a staff member whom looked like they were in some sort of management position, for the line being too long. Thats obviously something the management can't control but the manager remained calm and appologized.If the lines long then the food must be good right? ;)Recommendation: Steak (from the place in the middle where you choose your own meats)and GELATO!!! ; Coconut and Cookies&Cream
4	Stop 7 of 7 on our buffet of buffets journey. The Rio was the biggest of the buffets and had decent quality. This was my second favorite (planet hollywood comes in first). Nice variety with something for everyone.
1	To say the food here is good is insane. To say it is even edible is questionable. Go here if you enjoy crap food or have no taste buds.Every station overcooks the food by 15 mins. The chicken parmigiana could easily have passed for a ninja star if my knife could penetrate the meat to carve pointed sides to it. Everything here has no favor. Yes, they do have quite a selection... but when everything tastes like cardboard... does that even matter?Desserts are subpar to other buffets in the city... mostly cakes and pie. Super long slow line. (Self help machines are never a good idea)$25 dollar buffet with no prime rib is kind of ridiculous. This buffet used to be voted #1 in las vegas year after year... Now it seems as though the hotel has stopped caring about it's quality. Do yourself a favor... Spend 3 more dollars and go to spice market buffet at Planet Hollywood Casino.
2	2 hrs in line and ended up having one of their corn dogs.  Yes, a corn dog...and that corn dog wasn't even fresh enough to be considered good.  That's all I gotta say about this place.
1	OMG!!!!  This was the WORST buffet I have been to for a long time.  I'm sorry to say, but my friend, her daughter and another friend and I just took our Thanksgivng vacation at Las Vegas this past week.  We decided to go big on a buffet, and THIS buffet WAS a mistake!!!!  First of all, PRICING was way off, and they should HAVE announced that on the website.  We were all expecting to pay only $16.99 as that was a lunch buffet we were going for.  I checked the webpage b4 deciding to go, and my friend called the buffet number to check the pricing.....same thing, $16.99.  But noooooooo, when we arrived, it became holiday brunch which was more expensive by another $8.  Geeeeesh!!!  I'm not exaggerating.....what was WORSE was that we are experts in Chinese food....some chef did NOT know how to cook orange chicken properly.  It was incomparable to Panda Expresses' orange chicken....we brought two teeangers with us----they know their Asian food, and the chef didn't cook fried rice that well either.  They warned me NOT to try either, so I didn't even bother getting them.The only good things going on were the prime ribs and coffee~Their coffee was not bad, but service was just ok.....and I have another really bad experience....after my friend had a bad experience with the orange chicken, that sort of ruined her appetite some more.  She decided to give dessert a try....somebody didn't know how to bake brownies right.  LOL, she was chopping the brownie apart and telling me to feel how hard the texture was on the brownie~I'm not making any of these up because we were just there today on our last day of vacataion....RIO buffet was the worst plan of all our plans.....I'm writing to see if we can get some $$ back because it was such a rip-off......geeeesh~Fortunately, I took some of the better selection of food, but still----the Asian portion was off, and watch this:When I went for dessert, whoever was arranging the dessert name tags misplaced "Cheesecake" for "pumpkin pie cake".....when I tasted it, it was pumpkin pie and not cheesecake, so I was thinking the tag for that dessert name was misplaced.  It didn't taste THAT bad but still------a misplaced dessert name tag.....I was told I missed bringing up one point (from a friend's family member)----one of the teenagers we brought with us loved ice cream.  When she asked for Vanilla ice cream, she got Cookies and Cream instead.....What was this with servers who did NOT know how to listen to a customer's order right??Before we got seated, one of the hosts heard my response wrong about the number of people in our group even!!!!  Sheeeesh.....None of us left ANY tip when we left the buffet.  Seriously, when the host asked me how many people were in my group, I answered "Four" while holding up EXACTLY 4 fingers from my right hand.....and he was holding back on seating us because there was not a table for four available but for five!!!!  What a retard!!!!  Geeeesh~Siiiiigh....they have lost 4 customers from this visit we made~Had they not lied about pricing, we wouldn't have been this mad or upset!!!!!!I'm not nearly done venting....can anyone feel my frustration?
4	The Carnival Buffet is the Biggest size/selection Buffet in Vegas.There is so many choices and selections, one may be able to try only half the selection. They have American, Mexican, Italian, Asian, lite seafood, meat carving and more selections. People say the food quality is not that good, but I think its OK - the thing is many people only pick certain things, this buffet has so much to choose from, for everything bad there is like 2 other choices - How can you go wrong with all these choices, but what helps make the buffet pretty good is the HUGE dessert area, like the buffet there is so much to choose from....There is usually a big line if you go at prime time , so be ready t wait a little, but its a big spacious dinning area...
2	This place does not live up to the hype. Yes, a lot of variety and a lot of food. But at best, the quality is just OK and at worst, not very good. No stand outs here.....the sald bar is acceptable. With that said, it is much better than the Seafood Buffet on the other side of the casino. That buffet is disgusting and way over priced.Trust me, pay a few more dollars and go to The Wynn buffet. You'll be glad you did.
5	AWESOME!!!!!!!! We came here during thanksgiving weekend, & even though I didn't satisfy my taste for turkey & dressing this buffet more than sufficed. The food was great!! Wish the crab legs were warm though =( they had a miso soup maker!! & happy hour at the bar!! I 100% recommend this buffet to everyone. ....a lil pricey though...
2	Good service..Horrible food. They do no thave much variety for their breakfast. They do not even have oatmeal or fresh juices. Mainly bready things. Would not recommend this place for brunch. It's cheap and ghetto inside and I would not ever go back there. I give it two stars, because the service was good and the waitresses were super nice. and the price was also cheap. 25 dollars for a champagne brunch.
4	4 stars for the 2 for 1 or 50% off locals deal. 3 stars for regular pricing.The selection here is huge! The stand outs are the gelatos, bananas foster, asian soups you can customize, and crab legs. The prime rib is not bad but the beef roast has more flavor. Shrimp are peel and eat to keep your hands busy which I like. The Asian section is not bad. Skip the pasta and other offerings like salisbury steak and meatloaf and fill up on the good stuff. Salads are a hit or miss depending on time of day you go. For lunch, sometimes there are fresh made warm sandwiches that are really yummy. Thanks Rio for catering to the locals! Good marketing? Definitely. And that's why I'll be back.
4	Buffets are usually a place where I still use some self control and at most have 2 plates of food. I had 4 plates of food and a bowl of Pho here. The variety, quality, and temperature of the food here was very good. Non of the low temp blandness we had at some other places while in Vegas. The desserts were a bit lackluster, but hey, after 4 plates of good Chinese, Mexican, Seafood, and others...dessert was pushing it anyway. Plus we ate here as part of the Buffet special that Harrah's offers.
4	I like to say I am a buffet connoisseur and every trip I make to Vegas requires at least one buffet.  This week, that meant the Rio Carnival World as it was suggested alongside Caesars and Bellagio.  The good thing is we paid two dollars at a half off tickets place and paid just that, half off.  The buffet selection is altogether longer than a football field.  This means you will have some great things and some items that needs improvement, but all the food was mostly great.  I sampled nearly everything.  The prime rib and mashed potatoes were the best, and the orange chicken was the worst of the main dishes.  The best advice I can give is to save room for dessert!The dessert here is large and delicious.  The cannolis are the best I have ever had.  The red velvet cake was ridiculously moist and delicious.  The best part was probably the Gelato.  It looked beautiful and was themed appropriately for the season.  I went back several times for the cookies and cream version.  Besides the food, the venue was great as well.  I do wish that the dish washing station was in the back and not near the patrons, as the scent was overbearing when walking by, but our waitress really made up for it.  She was very nice about keeping our table clean, kept our cups full at all times, and we decided to leave a $20 tip for her efforts.  It is hard for me to get full, but the Rio gave me a good run at it in the hour we spent there.  I will want to go to try different buffets next time, but if you are looking for a great place to eat and feel comfortable, try this place.
4	One of my favorite buffets in Vegas!! I like the wide selections they have...especially the "world" theme where you can get food from different continents :-) I love the Asian food they have... they have a noodle/soup station and you can ask them to make you what you like a la carte :-) I know I am Asian and should not be so easily pleased with a buffet that offers Asian food, but I like the fact that I can get prime rib the same place I can get PHO :P The buffet is fairly priced but there's usually a line because it's sooooooooo good :)
3	This review is for lunch.I was hoping to have a magical experience before i left Vegas ... but fell a little short.Pros:- going at lunch is cheaper -- $18.39 including tax- less of a line- calamari!  oooCons:- roast beef was a little dry- pasta was alright- dessert selection at this time was nothing magical.I'll revise if i ever come back for dinner, but lunch was a bummer.
5	YES! This is the place to go if you love buffet! This buffet has the biggest selection I have ever seen in my life and to top it off the quality and taste is always great. I think it's impossible to try everything here so you will not be disappointed. You have to decide what you really want to eat because you don't be able to have it all. I love the peeking duck and the dim sum selections. The price is well worth it here. The staff is very friendly and helpful. I was here for Thanksgiving with friends and we noticed there was no mac and cheese so we asked a chef (it happened to be the executive chef) and he was just as shocked so he said "Don't worry, I'll bring some to your table". He made a fresh batch of mac and cheese and brought it straight to us! If you have a group of people that you want to satisfy and not worry about meeting someones needs, then I highly recommend this place because there is something for everyone here
4	Only bad thing always about buffets is the LINES. Seems you can never find a quick way in at dinner time.Food was good and restocked quickly. The server filled drinks and cleaned the table fast, and that was good for as busy as the place was.
4	OMG!  Awesome buffet!  If you want to pig out come here!  The lines are long but worth it!
4	I'm actually surprised the reviews for the Rio buffet are mediocre.  I would challenge those who made mediocre reviews to suggest a better place, because I don't think they could find one (especially in the same price range/ not top-of-the-line like the Venetian or Bellagio).  I've been several times and always had a decent overall experience.  Not to mention, if you are on a budget, you can arrive at the end of breakfast or lunch and get the next meal at an equal value.
4	This buffet is a solid 4 and perhaps even a 4.5 star. This buffet really has almost everything. It is a good sign when they have many flavors of gelato. Gelato sold individually is already expensive, so I think you get your money's worth. Also, the buffet palete seems to veer towards the Asian tastes. They have a noodle bar where you can make pho, udon, etc. It is pretty neat. Also, there's a pseudo mongolian style area where you pick your veggies and they give you a choice of beef, chicken, or shrimp. Just remind the chef when he mixes it together not to put too much soy sauce. (Too much soy sauce is actually really bad for you)There was some sushi on display. I don't like it when the buffets don't peel the cocktail shrimp. This was one of those. There's also the typical American fare that was also pretty good. I will definitely come back to this buffet again in the near future!
4	I did the buffet of buffets..for 50 bucks I get a 24 hour pass....totally worth the money! This buffet was worth the wait in line...I had a freshy made omelette while I wait. Unlimited crab legs....can't get any better than that! They had everything there..even pho and udon noodles. 4 star all the way and the service was good too
4	This place is AWESOME. We had some trouble this last weekend coming here though. I guess since Las Vegas was having a college football game everything was packed. We came on Sunday and the line was just far too long for us to wait in it. Then we came the next day and the line was half as long and still took an even hour of waiting. Unfortunately the family behind us seemed to think it was appropriate to get within rubbing-up-against-each-ther distance to us during the whole time we were in line. Their kid was annoyingly stepping on my girlfriend's foot every other second and the dad kept standing right next to us while squawking Chinese in our ears. At one point we both leaned up against the rail and he came up standing across from us. ITS A FUCKING LINE. STAND BEHIND US. After half an hour I asked him to not get so close to us and he said fine. Unfortunately nothing changed over the remaining half hour. Other than that everything was good. My advice is to go when it's not busy, it's much more enjoyable.
2	My most recent visit was not what I remember the food being like last year..... I was SO EXCITED to return to Rio's Carnival buffet because last time I ate myself sick.. seriously. We came for lunch on a Thursday afternoon and the place was relatively busy. Our server brought us each two huge cups of soda. I think so he didn't have to come check up on us again. Last time our waitress brought us one glass each and the place was packed. Maybe the service is more distant on weekdays? I'll give it to our guy though, he had a lot of tables to attend to since they have less help on weekdays.The food was mediocre at best. The prime rib was really tough and incredibly difficult to cut without having to cut so hard the plate would move. I liked the station where I was able to make tacos myself the best. Also, the freshly fried chicken wings were good too. Just make sure the batch you get just came out or else the meats really tough. I plated myself some spinach salad and the stems of the spinach were really tough as well. The ranch tasted watered down also. Like it's not hard enough being healthy?! Now I have to eat salad that's not pleasant? POO on that!If you love desserts, this is the place to get ice cream and some great red velvet cake. The other desserts are okay.Lunch on a weekday is about $20 and I think on weekends it's $40. If you have the 24 hour buffet pass, Rio's Carnival buffet is included!
5	great buffet probably one of the best in Vegas with the buffet of buffet deals. Lots of selection. They even have hanging Peking ducks and pork. Great service as well. Line was not to long maybe 30 minutes top.
5	I am a big advocate of buffets.  I mean let's be honest who doesn't love a great buffet!  I know this is the biggest buffet, but it might be the biggest buffet in the world, but don't quote me on that one.  It's over 300 ft. of everything you could ever want!  The best part of it all is the quality of the food.  A big problem for me of mass producing the food is compromising the quality of the food.  I have been to this buffet several times and each time I went I have never had anything to complain about.  In fact I have had some food here that is actually better than some restaurants that I have been to.  After the regular food, don't forget about the dessert island they have.  Everything dessert possible is provided for you.  I have been to several other buffets through out Vegas and this one is hands down the best one!
5	My favorite place in Vegas!!!Delicious food. It would be perfect if it wasnt for the line to get in that took me 45 min.  The food in there is totally worth the wait and the price.  Make sure you go in with a empty stomach.  I love the desserts in there. I bought the $39.99 buffet card deal for a bunch a buffets within a 24hr period. But it was like $ 24.00 to get in at lunch time until 3:30 pm. Enjoy
3	It's your standard Las Vegas buffet. Large selection of food and most of it is pretty solid. As with most Buffet of Buffets. . . . buffets. . .  the lines do tend to get a little long so get there a little early. The prime rib was very good here, but to be honest, I don't remember what else was memorable. .  but then again, it was a buffet. Oh and coming from a HUGE desserts person don't bother with the desserts, even the gelato isn't worth taking up space in your tummy, and costco cream puffs taste better than theirs. . . no offense, but whoever the pastry chef is needs to be replaced. . . you can't mess up flan, bread pudding, AND banana fosters and still call yourself a dessert chef. . .
4	We went for dinner, we tried to make if for the end of lunch to get the lunch prices but dinner menu but the line was so long we didn't make it.  If that's something you're trying to do, go early.  They covered a huge variety of different foods but my absolute favorite was the prime rib.  I didn't waste my time with Pasta or Mexican but what I did try from the Chinese and Japanese sections I loved.  And don't forget the desserts!  I'd go again!
3	If variety and sheer volume matter to your buffet pleasure, look no further. Wait times can be long but the reward is a one of a kind experience. The buffet is divided by geography (Italian, Chinese, Japanese, American, etc.) and also has the requisite carving stations, build your own stir-fry, etc. In the center is the dessert station, with gelato (which is good, but more like regular ice cream than gelato), cakes, pies, truffles, pudding, and more. Let's just say you're not going to come to a place like this if you're on a diet. Overall, the food is as good as any buffet, but beats them all in diversity and options.
5	this is my favorite buffet in Vegas! the price is fairly affordable and the food is good.
3	Came here with the family because we were so hungry and I didn't want to have to wait on any order. But, I forgot about the lines outside of buffets. So waiting was obviously what the stars had aligned for me that evening. They have a great variety of everything but food is just decent though. I tend to stick to soup and salad anyways. Sometimes, I'll try their pasta because I'm very picky with buffet pastas and it wasn't bad. I loved their small selection of dim sum and it sure was yummy! I was all over that section. They also had an Asian selection of noodle soup, from pho, to udon even wonton just minus the wontons? And you could also add your selection of meatballs for pho, or beef and even fish to your noodles. They also had sushi, I wasn't a fan of it, but they had maki sushi so I took out the salmon and dipped it in wasabi and soy sauce and had small dices of sashimi myself, that was my highlight of the night! Getting my sushi fix. The only downside to it was, a lady had slipped on some food and fell to the ground and they weren't helpful at all to help pick her back up. So that was a big disappointment. One lady was more concerned about cleaning the food around her! Their service was horrible. I know it's a buffet, but it's not acceptable to have two stacks of plate sitting on the table for 30 minutes!
4	Not bad!  I mean, the wait was short when I went for lunch and the selection of food was endless!  If it weren't for our lazy waitress, the experience would have been excellent. The Good:- Wide selection of food!!!- Tepanyaki- Soup station at the Chinese food section- Some desserts, such as the red velvet cakeThe Bad:- Orange juice tastes like water- Lack of fruits- Gelato, which tastes nothing like gelato"Gelato" flavors: Vanilla Yogurt, Chocolate, Strawberry Sherbert, Coconut, Tiramisu, Orange, Mango Sherbert, and Sugar-Free Chocolate.I tried all the flavors and I'd say the coconut was the best and the strawberry was THE worst!
4	Not bad at all, I was very surprised that they have Vietnamese pho , the whole section of Asian foods in there, THE cool thing that not many people now is If you are Las Vegas residents, you get 50% off  on weekday, except Friday, I paid 16$ total including tip for the dinner, CHeap and decent, not that bad at all.
4	This was the first buffet that I ventured into on my most recent Vegas trip. Very convenient since Bally's offered a shuttle to and from Rio. Once you enter from the main entrance, the buffet is to your left. When we saw the line, we contemplated leaving. It snaked around a couple of times and even blocked the entrance to the casino. It was that bad. Since the shuttle between Rio and Bally's only runs every half hour, we decided to stick around since we were already there. Two of my friends approached the front to ask about the wait time, but they were told to stand in a separate, shorter line that was hidden. I don't know if people are aware that there are automated machines where you can pay and get your tickets. I'm so glad that we were redirected to the shorter line cause our wait time was less than an hour. Before we get ahead of ourselves, be prepared for the delay after you pay because you have to wait for available tables. What's up with buffets? It's always wait, wait, wait...but I digress. When we were finally seated, we walked around and saw that this really was a world buffet. Want some pho? They have it. Fried chicken? Got that too. Egg roll? Yep! Dim sum? Got that too! Snow crab legs? Definitely! There's enough variety here to please everyone. Oh, and I must mention the full bar that they have smack dab in the middle of the establishment. Friendly bartender too. Why not get a strawberry margarita ($17) to go with your meal? Overall, the food was good and there was a lot of variety. Not bad, not bad at all.
5	My stomach growls just thinking about this buffet.Initially I was really hesitant to try this buffet.  Its a bit pricey and it is a hotel buffet.  But I took a chance..And thank god I did!  Even someone like me that has a million allergies can find a zillion things to eat.  Beautiful carving station with amazing prime rib, mexican food bar to make tacos, and nachos.  I spied across the mile long buffet tons and tons of seafood for those so inclined.  The crab legs at the table next to me looked like mutant crabs - HUMONGOUS!  Asian area ... HUGE dessert area..mongolian bbq.. oh man.  I can't wait to get back.And a little bird told me that VEGAS RESIDENTS get 50% off M-Thr..
1	Home Town Buffet Anyone? The food here tastes like HTB! Their sushi is pathetic. Oh yeah... I'm gonna put seaweed with rice and fake crab and pass it off as a sushi roll.... Thanks, but no thanks!
3	OMG the line was ridiculously long.  I swear I almost passed out waiting in it.  Went early afternoon and probably waited for over an hour.   You think it would be faster because its a buffet and we saw a ton of tables open :/ Its good that they have the kiosk to process the payment to make it a tad faster.  If you're in a big group be prepared to wait longer.  Your best bet is to split up if you want to eat. The food was just okay.  They had different types of food ranging from Mexican,  Asian, breakfast, Japanese, etc.  The seafood was what I was going for.  I actually wanted to go to the all you can seafood place in Rio but it was actually only open in the evening. The buffet here was about 25 bucks- typical Las Vegas price tag.  The dessert was plentiful and I enjoyed getting the gelato. My pick for buffets in Vegas would still be  Wynn and Cravings in Mirage.
3	24 hour All-You-Can-Eat Buffet passes for 34, please? Yeah, our family rolls deep. REAL DEEP. We, cheap Vietnamese families, decided to do the deal where you can go to any of the participating 7 buffets for $39.95 for 24 hours. Didn't really work out for me because after all the drinking and clubbing, all I wanted was a bowl of pho. And I hate waiting in line.We got there around 6 pm and waited over 2 hours in line. Ughh. I think by the time I got in, I didn't have the energy to eat. Rio has a huge diverse range of food, so there's many things to choose from. The best part was probably the tri-tip. I also loved the lemon salmon fillet. Everything else tastes like mediocre buffet food.Desserts were decent. I literally took one bite of almost everything they had there. I would say the things worth eating would be the cream puffs and fruit tart. Their gelato was no comparison to the Wynn's though.
5	I admit it, I love buffets.  However, the Carnival World Buffet is the buffet of all buffet.  We purchased a discount coupon from the Tickets 4 Less company and paid half price.  It made for a tremendous value.  My wife is not a big fan of buffets and she even loved it.  While none of the food was outstanding (except maybe the gelato), most of it was very good.  We took the shuttle from Bally's for Sunday brunch.  We got there early enough to avoid any lines.  There is a huge assortment of food spanning almost every genre of food.  Some of my favorites were:  lox, ambrosia salad, prime rib, potato pancakes with applesauce and the strawberry churros.  I also loved the Japanese stir fry station, very similar to Mongolian BBQ.  Tom was our waiter and was outstanding.
5	still my favorite all around buffet in vegas!! :)
4	Get the 24hr pass definitely worth it. Ribs not great, salmon dry, Mongolian good just not with beef if you are like me you like your beef well done. Gelatto yummm! Brunch they have these fully loaded mash potatoes absolutely delish. Eggs pretty good as well. Churros are decent but not great. Just get there with plenty enough time b/c the line can get pretty big.
2	Went for the breakfast buffet a few weeks ago, on the Saturday of MLK weekend. They did have a wide selection of overall foods, but really think the quality sucked a$$ for the price they charge per head ($25pp for breakfast). Don't get me wrong, I still managed to eat a lot & left really full, but was very disappointed :-b.I got a plate from each section, & the only 2 things I thought tasted really good were the mini-cakes: red velvet w/cream cheese frosting, carrot cake w/cream cheese frosting. (I know what you're thinking: Cake for breakfast? What is you crazy? But hey, in my world, it's never too early for cake!!)The eggs were "mehhh", bacon was WAY undercooked & gross, they had random onion rings (or calamari? I couldn't tell because they were so dry & chewy) next to the eggs & bacon section. A lot of the food looked like they had been sitting there awhile because they were all dry & sometimes bland.Service was good, though, I had a very nice waiter who was very attentive. Appropriately, I left him a nice tip as a thank you.I'm assuming their lunch & dinner buffets are better because every time I walked past it to go to the Strip shuttle, the lines were insane! Of course, there was no line for breakfast & the place was very empty then, haha.
2	I remember coming here as a kid and thinking this was the best experience ever. I recently went back with my family, because my dad had a coupon for it. After waiting in line for two hours, we were seated, I went and made a plate of prime rib, turkey, and other fixings. Nothing was especially spectacular. I went up for shrimp and crab legs next. The shrimp were decent, but the crab legs tasted a little old, dry, and had a consistency of rubber. After that was the Chinese station. The bbq pork was decent, the flavor was spot on, but a little fatty. The duck was delicious although lacked the crispy skin one would like with a roasted duck. Finally, the desserts, I found mostly everything to be disappointing. The gelato was not creamy, but more icy and too sweet. The cakes were nothing special either. I can only think of one comparison. As a kid one loves McDonald's with a fervent passion, but once you have had better, McDonald's becomes the place you eat at when you are desperate for something simple and quick. The line at the Carnival World Buffet is anything from that description. I do not see myself going back there anytime soon.
3	For my first ever Vegas buffet this place was a good choice. They had so much to choose from and from what I heard from my friends that this buffet is one of the biggest ones in Vegas. I was however very disappointed in the crab legs. They were definitely not fresh and tasted as if they were sitting out for awhile then dumped in the freezer for a quick chill.
3	I was set on trying the buffet at the Wynn, but I couldn't pass up a deal for the Carnival World Buffet.  Tix4Tonight offered the Carnival World Buffet at the Rio for $12.95, which is over 50% off the regular price for the dinner service.  We went ahead and made plans for the dinner buffet and headed to the Rio.The buffet wasn't too difficult to find within the Rio Resort and a steady line greeted us.  I neglected to remember that most buffets have long lines of customers waiting to get in, but luckily we only waited about 30-45 minutes on this particular Saturday night.  Once reaching the register, we paid the price as promised by Tix4Tonight.  The price seemed like a bargain, especially for a Las Vegas buffet.A hostess walked us over to our table and let us loose on their food offerings.  I eye fucked their selection and browsed before going wild on their food.  The buffet name does its justice as the selection has everything you might imagine including:  Asian, Mexican, American, Italian, and Seafood.  I made the mistake of mixing all kinds of food, which didn't agree with my stomach.  Nevertheless, the food selection was impressive and looked great.I went ahead and tried their Italian selection first and the pasta was good, but not great.  The pasta seemed overcooked and the sauce was lacking flavor.  Next up, I tried the Mexican and had some fajitas, rice and beans, tamales, and tortillas.  The Mexican was average, yet much better than the Italian.  The fajitas had a great flavor and were nicely tendered and were nicely paired with the grilled onions and tortillas.  I wanted to try a few more things before giving up.  I went ahead and tried their BBQ ribs and was pleasantly surprised at how flavorful and tasteful they were.Although my dress shirt buttons were on the verge of popping, I went ahead and had my way with their desserts. The desert selection was just as impressive as their food with lots to choose from. I was set on trying their gelato and eclairs.  The gelato was as delicious as it looked and is a must-try for gelato fans.  The eclairs were just as equally delicious and were a great way to end the food binge.The selection and quality of food at Carnival World Buffet was average at best.  The selection is impressively large, but the food wasn't what I hoped for.  The food quality was average and didn't impress me much.  However, given the price I paid, $12.95, I can't complain much.  If you're trying to save a few dollars, the Carnival World Buffet is a good bet.
4	While the food is unremarkable, this buffet, much like Vegas, offers a gloriously excessive opportunity to be ridiculously excessive.Is it the best buffet in Vegas?Not by a long shot.That said, it really doesn't matter.  If this is your first trip to Vegas, check it out.  The food is OK and the sheer scale of this thing must be seen to be believed.
3	Step one:  Located Tix4Tonight. Buy buffet passes at the glorious half price of $12.95Step two: Eat nothing until you use the passes.Step three: Walk, drive, fly, crump your way to the Rio.Step four: Wait in line for about half an hour, grumpily as you complain and whine to companions that there are plenty of empty tables!Step five: Finally make it to cashier and hand them the buffet pass, then pay. Wait in one of 4 mini lines to be seated.Step six: Get table finally, order drinks...Step seven: Push the elderly, small children and friends out of your way as you let out a T-Rex roar and fling tables over to get to the food.Step: Enjoy... walking home, friendless and full!The line for the crab legs wasn't too bad, if you time it right and they had delicious prime rib. The fried chicken with Louisiana hot sauce was superb and so was the fried calamari. The fried scallops were over cooked and the sushi was just ok. The pork ribs were delicious to me but my friend thought they were too fatty. Well, he's a fatty SO HMPH! He's not really, I just am good at picking ribs and felt he was wrong. The deserts were ok, gelato was too tart. All the flavors were too tart. Be prepared, there is a line for the gelato. The carrot cake with that cream cheese frosting was MMMMMMDAYUMGOOD. The service was good, our waiter was spot on and good humored. My water cup was constantly refilled and plates were taken away as soon as there was a stack.There were 2 drunk chicks trying to get free drinks from the bartender. Dinner AND a show! Vegas, you are too kind. Overall, it was a pretty decent meal. I ate so much, it gave me amnesia and I don't remember everything that I ate. I'd come back.
3	I was not impressed by this buffet as the rest of my friends. The fish was not very fresh (and I tried 3: salmon, trout and catfish). However, I like the fact that they have many selections...like they had pho and tom yum noodle soup (and you can put your own fish balls and meat in it). The dessert bar was good though because they had many different flavors of gelato and a variety of sweets. Even though the food was ok, it's still a must try!The service was great! The waiter even gave us a bottle of hand sanitizer to use. Beware: the line to get in and pay was very confusing.
3	OK first off this place is huge. my friend was like i need a seq way to get all the way over to the pizza. once again a group of friends went for the Sunday brunch. the place was very clean. the wait in line was very short. they have a separate line for locals that is shorter and faster. the food was great too from breakfast to sushi. and believe me i had all of it i think. my caloric intake that day exceeded my limit. the waiter was a little non existent for awhile. the only complaint was that it was 25.00 and there was no local discount. the Rio offers discounts on all the buffets but the Sunday brunch. for the cost its not that great a value but it was a nice clean venue
3	Well after the hype I have to give this buffet a 3*!!! But I do plan on going to eat BREAKFAST there instead of dinner because in all honesty I wasn't a big fan of their dinner. We went because we heard it was the best one on the strip, but my friend was telling me that its the BREAKFAST buffet thats good... But the service was wack... I was thirsty half the time and homegirl wouldn't fill up my dranks fast enough.. LMAOOOO... But I'll give it one more shot if I go back and get that wrist band! LOL
4	If I happen to be in Las Vegas, you won't find me in the casinos or seeing a show.  You would find me at a buffet.  That's right.  I live for the buffets out there.  I love to eat and I love having a nice selection of food to choose from.  And it's always nice to not have to cook once in awhile.  During my last trip, I only managed to sample a handful of buffets, Carnival being one of them. First of all, Carnival is not on the strip.  So, it wasn't as convenient to access.  But I found a shuttle bus from Bally's, so I ventured onward.  One of my friends visits Vegas regularly and recommended this buffet.  I wasn't disappointed.From the buffets that I've tried (Bellagio, Paris, Planet Hollywood, Monte Carlo, Tropicana), this one had the largest selection by far.  The buffet is huge!  It didn't have the best food.  But, the food was good and the selection was great.  There was a taste of many cuisines, ranging from Japanese to Chinese to Italian to American traditional to Indian to Mexican and then some.  The desserts were pretty good, especially the gelato.When I go back to Vegas, I'll definitely come back to this buffet.  It was fun!
1	This was a TERRIBLE experience.  We waited for an hour and a half before we were finally seated.  The line is so frustrating because there are tons of open tables and nobody getting seated.  We were charged for a champagne breakfast only to get seated at 3:30 when the champagne breakfast ended.  We had to argue with the waiter just to get one glass of champagne out of him.  The food was mediocre at best.  We had waited so long that I was past the point of hunger.  Definitely not worth the amount of money it cost.  And BEWARE: the gelato is just frozen yogurt disguised as gelato!!!!  It's gross.  Save your time and money!!!!!!!
4	I went to Rio's Carnival World Buffet for dinner with the Buffet of Buffets Pass.  My boyfriend and I were there Sunday night of President's Day weekend.  We started waiting around 7:10pm and waited for an hour to get in, which wasn't too bad.The Carnival World Buffet has a pretty good selection of food (from Asian to Mexican to Italian)...my favorite was the Asian stuff.  Their dumplings were pretty good and the Pho was really tasty as well.  Their desserts were decent as well...the gelato was probably the highlight.Service was pretty good.  Our server kept dropping by to check in on us and collected our plates as soon as we were done.3.5 stars overall.
5	My favorite buffet - good price, especially for locals, good service/food, crab legs, ribs, and everything else, even a ICE CREAM BAR!!!!!The only draw-back is the location (at the Rio) but if you dont want to deal with the traffic from the strip the Rio does provide free shuttle service from Ballys
4	If you're looking to spend less than $30 (after tax total comes to around $27) for a Vegas buffet, this is the best choice because:1. They have a soup station where you can make unlimited bowls of pho, ramen, udon, etc. (I love bowls of hot noodles)2. Fresh ingredients available to have a plate of mongolian noodles cooked for you.3. Lots of choices: pizza, pasta, seafood, Mexican, American, Chinese (there's some dim sum), and great dessert selection.Quick tip: When you get in line make sure you're not in the "hotel guests" line. There are other lines around the entrance that go to separate automatic cashiers.
4	Great place to try a plethora of ethnic foods. Nothing really stood out for me individually but being able to eat pho, teppanyaki, seafood, tamales, and gellato in the same place made it all worthwhile. Great experience.
4	Great deal for locals - 50% off with a player's card and local ID.  This, alone, makes this one of the best value buffets in the city.  At lunch time, this comes to about $10, which is fantastic.  Paying so little, we weren't expecting a lot.  But, we were more than pleasantly surprised to see the huge selection, all of which was fresh and tasty.  Thumbs up.
4	Okay the line absolutely sucks and you'll wait 30-45 mins to get seated but hey it's worth it.Oh me oh my. It was amazing. It was delicious. It was great.I think the price is just right and the food is better than alright.I really enjoyed having brunch here, I thought the quality of the food was tres delicious && the variety of food was amazing.You want some breakfast food? You'll get breakfast food.You want some soup? You'll get soupYou want some fishy food? You'll get fishy food.K 'nough said. I think you guys get the point on how great my experience was here.
3	I don't see what the big deal is.  Everyone told me that this is the best Buffett.  I don't think. I haven't been to any others but I dint think that this Buffett is the best. The breakfast is way better than dinner. and the basically have the same stuff for breakfast as dinner too! lol
5	This is my favorite buffet place of all time and I am quite confident that there will be no others who will compare or come close (okay, maybe the buffet at Paris is close).First of all, this place has a million different foods, that should tell you right there, that its worth it.  They have nationality foods from America, Mexico, China, Italy, Mongolia, and Japan.  They also have a full salad bar, dessert bar, and practically any non alcoholic drink you want.  Let me talk to you about the dessert bar...was are talking about Gelato ice-cream here baby and a whole array of pies, cakes, cookies, ice-cream, and other dessert assortments.The food stretches longer than any buffet place I have seen.  Just imagine 4 Hometown Buffets worth of food AND better quality!!What are the down sides?Price & the wait!!!Since it is the best in the world, you just might have to wait for it, if you decide to go on the weekend.  This place has a Disneyland set up line with many switch-backs.  I will NEVER go on the weekend!  I always manage to hop right to the front, when I go.  If you have a player's card (not the basic one), you can get a line pass.In regards to the price...be ready to pay $25 for an adult!  Another thing I NEVER do, is pay full price!  I won't don it!  Although its rare, the Rio does put out coupons for this place.  You have to check the Las Vegas airport lobby or some other off Las Vegas Blvd. hotel lobby for coupons.  Sometimes when you sign up for a player's card, they will give you a coupon in your welcome kit.  I have also seen coupons get distributed via text.  Check with the Rio web site about signing up to receive text messages; however, I do believe it takes 24 hours for the text messages to go into affect (FYI).  Sometimes they also pass out on the strip, coupons at their other property, Harrah's...its really a hit and miss, as when they are going to be outside.Never the less, this buffet is a must, at least once in your lifetime!
4	HUGE! Food is good. So much to choose from. 11 stations and over 300 items. By far, one of the best buffets in town. If they didn't charge you for alcohol, I would say its the best overall. The food quality is great and nothings too pertentious. Just good food and reasonably priced.
2	If ur looking for quantity not quality this is for you. There seafood buffet isn't much better.
4	10.17.10My favorite buffet in Vegas.Has everything you're looking for.Pay via machine, but it can be quite slow if you're using cash.Reasonably priced.Take a shuttle from Harrah's on the strip and you're right at the Rio.
3	Widest selection of foods to choose from in all the "Buffet of Buffet" restaurants.  But, if you are going here for dinner on a busy weekend with the Buffet of Buffet deal, prepared to wait a very long time to get seated.  We arrived at 7, and didn't actually get seated until 8:30-9 PM.  The buffet items in general are very good from various regions of the world, but I probably won't try out this buffet again unless I am actually staying at the Rio due to the very long wait.
3	5th buffet in 7 during the Buffet of Buffets adventure.  This buffet has a good variety of food.  They offer a miso soup machine, which I enjoyed.  It dispenses the soup nice and hot and then you add as much tofu, kelp, and green onions as you want.  It was pretty tasty and that is a compliment given that this was my 5th buffet of the day.I haven't been back here in years and the renovations that they did are really nice.  They have a booth in the VIP section that has a fountain running through it.  It's hard to explain - you just have to see it.  But it's pretty cool.The staff will make Asian dishes fresh for you.  It's called a teppanyaki station but it's more like a Mongolian grill setup to me.  You fill a bowl up with vegetables, noodles, ginger, garlic, and other things.  Hand it to them and let them know if you want shrimp, chicken or beef.  They grill it up for you.  It was ok.  I would do this vegetarian next time.  The shrimp tasted nasty - like dirt.  But the veggies were good.One of my pet peeves with buffets is that they sometimes make you hunt for condiments.  This buffet has this issue.  The butter was not by the bread.  I had to hunt around and I think I found it somewhere in the salad bar.  The line was pretty long when we got there at 3pm but we had line passes so we skipped that.  If you get seated in the VIP section, you can get champagne until about 4pm.  I'm not sure about the regular seating area.  Decent buffet, but there are better ones in town.
5	Yummmmmyyyyy! I love that this isn't the "typical" buffet. They have a great selection-anything from asian food, to mexican to italian to seafood...everything! And I have to say that everything I tried was delicious.They also have an amazing dessert selection...anything you can think of!You must go here if you're in Vegas.
4	This place had so many choices. Not all were great but some stuff was very good. It's huge and you can sit around all day if you choose to. Great place to make yourself feel better once you lost a whole bunch of money gambling.
5	Buffet of Buffets Marathon - Stop #5 of 7 3:00 PMAfter 4 buffets in the past 5 hours, there was a part of me that wanted to quit at this point and just drive home.  Realizing how stupid that would be, I decided to press on and head over to the Rio for Stop #5 on the Buffet of Buffets Marathon.Once again, when our group was seated we took a few minutes to pause and gain the strength to go after another round of food.This buffet is one of the largest out of the 7 on the list and there was plenty to choose from.  Since I'm not eating Meat right now, I narrowed down my choice to a Cheese Enchilada, Chimichanga, Slice of Pizza, Quesadilla, and a Churro.  All were very, very good.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/FLMxWQO-ckCQmGZhU9OQgw?select=fQjaJZ3bmRecEo0iZHEebQIf I had any more room in my stomach, I would have sampled more dishes, but I just couldn't muster the strength.  Here are some samples of what was available:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/FLMxWQO-ckCQmGZhU9OQgw?select=9MYQJhB3J2xaVciDcqzodwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/FLMxWQO-ckCQmGZhU9OQgw?select=TNoxBrLpe1HUqOCO6WdiWghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/FLMxWQO-ckCQmGZhU9OQgw?select=GmIOlUaUWPeK3QDpaZeIoghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/FLMxWQO-ckCQmGZhU9OQgw?select=dAElVFwveZIns7Jt_3FhyQOverall, the service was the best here.  Our server brought us out some Champagne and was quick with the refills and clearing of the table.  The food selection here is awesome too.....as well as the quality.  A 5 Star buffet for sure.Return Factor - 100%
4	YEAH! The third and last buffet in our 24 hour Buffet of Buffets madness, and definitely the best!  We went to Le Village at Paris, then Spice Market at Planet Hollywood, and finally the Carnival World at Rio.Since it had only been a few hours since we filled up at the Spice Market we were a little concerned that our stomach's hadn't had enough time to process everything.  Fortunately (depending on how you look at it), the additional hour long wait in line gave us more time to work up the appetite!They had crab legs sticking up out of a pile of ice like a bed of nails or a really unique garden planter.  The crab was not split in half like other places such as Bellagio or Wynn, but if you don't mind the extra work of cracking the shells, it is not a big deal.  Plus, the additional work makes you slow down a little so you don't end up filling up in 20 minutes after waiting in line for an hour.  Our buffet trips are a legendary 4-5 hours of eating in one sitting, so a little time spent shell cracking is no problem.The noodle bar is great, not as good as the one at Paradise Garden in Flamingo, but definitely second best so far.  You can pick your noodles, broth, and a few ingredients such as fish balls, chicken, veggies, etc.  Not a large selection, but the noodle broth was amazing.  I got the spicy one of course (also helps you slow down the pace of eating when you have spicy food!).This is the first buffet I have been too where they do a nice teppanyaki grill.  Similar to the noodle bar, you just load a bowl with the non-meat ingredients, and they add the meat for you before the stir-fry process.  Now, they don't flip any cooking utensils in the air, so the flair was a little lacking, but the food was still tasty!Note to Rio: Get rid of that ridiculous Miso soup automatic dispenser.  You have all the fresh ingredients there (tofu, green onions, seaweed, etc.) and then you have what looks like a re-purposed cappuccino dispenser from the break room at the local Toyota dealership.  It is a bit too tacky for your buffet!I thought the wood fired pizza oven was a very nice touch.  I recommend you take the extra step to craft some unique pizzas though.  I rarely get pizza at a buffet because the carbs make you feel full to quickly, and lets face it, if it looks like Dominos then I don't need to wait in line an hour for it.  When I walked by the pizza section I just saw your standards there, pepperoni, cheese, mushroom etc.  Why don't you spring for some nice toppings such as prosciutto, artichokes, sun-dried tomatoes, etc.  Or even throw in some mini calzones since you have the wood oven there.Ok, enough suggestions.  The full bar in the middle was a nice touch since Vegas and drinking are connected for some strange reason.  The desert section was again amazing, and the gellato was really smooth and fresh.Out of the three buffets that we tried in those 24 hours, this was definitely the best, so thanks for helping us to wrap up the day on a good note.Food for thought:  If you can go to a winery (which is essentially a buffet of wines) and sample wines by spitting out the wine so you don't get drunk, can't we do the same thing at a food buffet?  Would it be socially unacceptable to bring a little bucket along so you can just taste the food without getting full?  Just sayin'.
4	Well we had a wonderful time at the Carnival World Buffet.  We actually went for the Champagne Brunch and let's just say, we loved everything that we tried.  With exception of some chewy mongolian beef, everything else was to die for.  The Crab legs were wonderful, the oriental pairing were great and even the salads were great.  My husband fell in love with the Pizza, but also enjoyed all of the seafood selections and of course the Mimosa's, which our waitress was so wonderful at keeping our glasses full.  Our second time around to the Carnival World was for dinner and again, no complaints, and this time we did try the desserts.  Absolutely adorable and the little cheesecakes were to die for, we had actually considered taking a couple back to the hotel.  Yummy and very worth the cost.  Unfortunately we didn't have a chance to try out the Seafood Buffet at the Rio, but Carnival World did not dissapoint.
4	We originally came to Rio to eat at The Village Seafood Buffet but sad face =( it was closed and did not open for another 3 hours. I didn't feel like going on a mission of driving to Bellagio or Wynn, just in case they weren't going to be open either so we decide to stay and try this buffet. We were in line for about 45 minutes. It's a long time to wait if your starving but Thank Goodness I had Starbucks before heading over here. So many options.. where to begin... Crab Legs.. Fresh Sushi.. Not so fresh.. I think they used regular rice instead of sushi rice plus there crunchy shrimp roll tasted blah '-' Some of there Asian items such as there sweet & sour pork, Singapore noodles, wor won ton soup, kung pao were good. You can pass on there Mongolian beef. The beef tasted chewy. I Loved to give a review on the Italian, Mexican and salad bar but I skipped all those. I was stuck on my crab legs and dessert. I was such a chunky monkey that day. I tried at least 9 different desserts. Wait let me rephrase that. I did a taste test on all 9. My favs were red velvet cake, creme brulee, flan, carrot cake & coconut gelato. My least favorite was cream puffs, white cake, cookies and brownies.. The service was decent. Our first server was an older lady in her 60's who kept forgetting to bring us our drinks, but we let it pass. I don't know what happened to her but we got a new server. He was pretty nice and attentive to our needs. It got pretty busy so Instead of waiting for our server to come I asked another person who worked there for a fork. She was wearing the same outfit and had her name badge. She gives me a retarded look and said Fork? Ummm.. yes a fork. She was Filipino like myself so I thought do I speak to this retard in my language? Anyways, I repeated myself in English and said Yes a fork. She says I don't know and I'll be back. So waited a few minutes and still she hadn't returned. By that point since she made me wait.. I was going to tell her off =) Not even overreacting. I hate it when people act dumb. Just say you don't know and find out. But It was a good thing she didn't return because it saved all us of drama.. Anyways.. I'll definitely come back to this place. It was Yummy!
4	As part of the Buffet of Buffets, we came here twice: once for breakfast, which was fantastic and the other for dinner.The breakfast had a HUGE selection of breakfast and lunch foods.  I don't think you can beat a selection like this one, which included Eggs Benedict and eggs florentine.  They also had some lunch items (in the Mexican cuisine area), which was a nice treat.The amount of food for dinner was even better.  You will find food from one end to the other without much duplication.  The prime rib was not better than the Paris' Le Village Buffet, but it's still edible.  To be honest, I was so full from eating the other buffets, I really didn't eat much here (I'm so ashamed).The service was really poor though.  It's not something I would expect out of these Vegas buffets since the servers are usually pretty attentive.  This time around, the guy just simply ignored us.  And when we saw the guy and asked for things, he said ok but never came back.  WTF?
4	I went for Sunday Brunch. I was there at 10am and was shocked at how empty it was there. All the breakfast food is amazing!! They have regional cuisine. Some of it is a little junky but everuything is fresh and the service is amazing...On sunday its $24.95 a person and includes all you can drink champagne. Gotta love that!!
4	huge buffet... lots of seating that gets filled up fast during lunch and dinner times.  lunch is of course cheaper... and a good price.  dinner includes a seafood section!  king crab legs galore..  [don't know if this is a constant...]you walk in and pretty much pay at a machine and wait to be seated.  the hosts, waiters/waitresses are always very wellmannered and polite.  you sit, they ask you what you'd like to drink... and your off!the food is extensive.  american, japanese sushi, mexican taco, burrito, tostada station.. salads, soups... seafood, Italian, asian..  I literally pick and nibble at my food buffet or not, and i love to have a multiple options to pick at.I work this buffet like a salad.  I pick a little bit of everything.. and the second time around [which is rare.. because I'llusually have already had 2 plates of a bite of every thing.I think this is just the best way togo with this buffet.. and every other buffet. they have an awesome dessert selection that includes gelato!!
2	This buffet looks really impressive, but it's really about variety more though that quality. It was nice because we were a party of five with all different tastes, but nothing was that good or something I'd go out of my way to eat again. They did have this one Greek salad that was really good, but when I went back to get seconds, it was no where to be found. I'd go here again only if I was trying to please a large group with varying tastes, otherwise I'd take a pass.
3	yes, lot of selections, but nothing really stand out.  The thing I like the most is is mango gelato (ice-cream), it's better than the one from the other buffets, like the texture and overall tasting.  however, the terameisu gelato has too much rum to my liking.  overall, the desert area is kind of disappointing.  Good: egg roll, clam chowder, customized stir fry (the vegetable taste good, meat ... chicken I picked didn't have much taste, and since it's chicken breast, kind of dry), don't have room for shrimp and prime ribs, but looks juicy, and semi raw (the way I like it).  have some wontons without  noodles.  crab legs are huge and they are not split in half so it's easier for the customers to spoon  the meat out like Spice Market.  This is the 3rd buffet in 24 hours, we got there around 5pm on Friday night. around 10 person waiting.  Since I wasn't happy about the desert, I went to Paris afterward to fix my sweet tooth. =p
3	This use to be one of my favorite buffets in Vegas, but then I came across the Bellagio and Studio B. I still want to give this place credit though for having so much food (and for it being pretty delicious).Atmosphere: It's pretty spacious. The line can get kind of long though, so try not to go during peak eating hours. Like the Bellagio Buffet, you can kind of start from anywhere - there is no buffet line/path paved for you.Food: Ahhh, it literally is like a world buffet. They have American, Italian, Chinese, Mexican, Japanese, Mongolian BBQ, and so, so much more. Most of the food is pretty good although I'm not too big on their sushi. It's cool to try a little bit (and if you are trying everything, I sincerely mean a little bit. If I could italicize "a little bit" I would) of everything. The desserts are average, but YAY FOR GELATO =)Service: Our waiters/waitresses are always really quick with our drinks/refills/any other things we need.It's a good thing this place is on the Buffet of Buffets - it's one of the better ones out there.
4	I love this place. It is a perfect place for locals to come eat at. ITS half off for locals. You cant beat that price. They serve chinese dim sum to unlimited crab legs. The only thing i would stay away from is the sushi....
3	This is the second of a multi-part series of reviews on Las Vegas. Visit my profile for the full saga. Shameless plug ends here.Carnival World, much like Limbo, is not bad, but there are many other better buffets in the area. For the price, the selection was dissapointing. ~$20 for lunch and no crab. No crab! NO CRAB! NOOOO CRAB!!!!Stay away from the sushi. Proper, moist, cooked to perfection sushi rice should not make loud crunching noises when chewed, nor should it require more than five minues to achieve adequate chewing.The roast beef was however adequately juicy, rare and fatty, but it was one of two saving graces of the buffet. The other being the gelatto. I nearly achieved inebriation attempting to get my money's worth from the tiramisu. Liqueur alert!Final prognosis, save your money and find better buffets. Don't mean to shamelessly plug my reviews again, but see my profile for examples of better places to eat.
2	The last time we were here was about ten years ago and we loved it back then so thought we would give it a try again.  Let's see, Rio buffet how do I hate you, let me count the ways.Yes, there is a huge selection and is a great place for those with larger groups and different tastes.  But, it really ends there.  I think the line system really sucks.  We had a coupon and had to stand in line to the right, while people who were way behind us went up to the credit card side, paid and got seated way before we did.  If I had to guess, we had to wait an extra 20 minutes to be seated from those people who were at the back of the line.  I don't know how they think this is fair but I guess this is their attempt to keep the line moving.  When we were standing in line, we could see a bunch of empty tables that weren't being cleaned.  The line wasn't that long for a Saturday night but the wait was over 45 minutes.  Even when we got inside, there were empty tables and still a ton of people in line.Our server was just ok, he did bring drinks relatively quickly but when it came to taking our dirty plates away, he was very slow.We really enjoy sushi and the selection here was pathetic and tasted gross.  The rice was kind of crunchy, and not really fresh.  The chicken I had was very dry and there were a few other things that I tried but didn't finish because they were just not good at all.One thing that was very good was the gelato, and the meat station had a decent and pretty tasty selection.  I did have what sort of looked like creme brulee but it was not c.b.  I don't know what it was, but the bottom of it was all liquidy and raw! Yuck!Overall, I think you can do much better somewhere else.  I know some people really enjoy this buffet but my husband and I did not.  Yes, there is alot of quantity, but I think the quality for the most part was really lacking.
4	Well definately one of the biggest (if not the biggest still in Vegas) Really great seletion but nothing that is super memorable that stands out except reuben sandwiches which were very good. Lots of desert with Gelato. The thing that makes it a 4 star vs a 3 is that they have locals pricing to save money.
4	So I was told the Rio had the best buffet in Vegas.  I think they were referring to the seafood one, not this one.  Ooops.  Oh well.  This one was good too.My friend said she didn't want to spend more than $20 on a buffet.  This one was something like $17 for lunch. Perfect! Off we went to the Rio on the last day.Since, we were getting on the plane that afternoon, all my hard working out for Vegas could now be put to rest.  There were no more swimsuits to be worn and I was ready to full-on pig out!I had:-Mac and cheese salad-Shrimp salad-Cauliflower-Cod-Mussels and clams with a creamy sauce-Orzo salad-Phad thai-Shrimp cocktail-Spanish rice-A variety of sushi rolls-Fish ball udon-Spaghetti with marinara sauce-Chips and guac-Yakisoba-to-order bar-Coconut ice cream, chocolate ice creamThe food wasn't quite as good as the Wynn, but the Wynn buffet was also $40.  For $17, I was quite satisfied.   The sushi rolls were a little dinky but I was  happy they had fish ball udon! The ice cream was also pretty good.If you're looking for a nicely-decorated buffet restaurant, this isn't it.  The plates are kind of an ugly design and this isn't a super fancy hotel, but whatever. For what it was, I was pretty happy, but when we return this summer, we are definitely checking out the seafood buffet!
5	This buffet ruined me for all other buffets for the rest of my life. We went to this buffet after my wedding as my "reception" since I wanted everybody to like the type of food and I heard it was nice. I didn't expect to go in and be shown enough food to feed a small country for a week! We got there earlyish (4:30) so we got a seat very quickly. I started on one end and walked to the other. That took about 15 mins. Then I saw the crab legs.... My husband- LOVES crablegs. The set up was so much we took pictures next to it to send to my father-in-law who then called us to scream at us for eating there without him. :) Next time...
3	This place has steadily gone down hill since my first visit three years ago. Granted it's an almost direct proportion to Vegas slow sinking in general.The prime rib and roast beef were so over cooked it was practically inedible and the selection of Asian food that used to include some delicious Indian and Thai entree's is down to basic Chinese and Japanese items with samosas which is pretty disappointingThe saving graces of the world buffet are the crab legs, and desserts like the red velvet, carrot, and cheese cake.  The cheese cake is easily one of the best I have had.  It is so creamy and delicious.  The Mexican food also had some great options like mole chicken.Our first waitress was pretty much hostile in trying to get us out of the buffet, but the second waiter was awesome so 3 stars
4	Long line.... but decent grub. Great roasted duck, surprise surprise! Awesome eclaires, canolis and gelato. Mexican food was average, Asian food was good, and the crab and shrimp were pretty much what one would expect for all you can eat. Pizza and some of the pastas were pretty tasty as well. My friends really like the Spice Market buffet at Planet Hollywood, but I like this place better. Servers were really nice and helpful.
4	This place is definitely worth the money for locals. You get half off the price and there is a ton of variety. I wouldnt go too often because it would ruin the experience.
3	It still makes me mad everytime I walk into a restaurant and have to wait 20-40 minutes or even an hour for a table even though they have tables available. This is the Carnival buffet. Why make everyone besides the Diamond and Platinum folks wait? Lines to pay and get seated were slow.After the slow lines, the buffet was pretty good. They never ran out of the key crab legs, shrimp and prime rib cuts. They sat us wayyy by the waiting line so it was a trek to walk to every food station.Salads, Mexican, Chinese, Japanese, Pizza, etc...etc....I didn't mind the food and must of went up 3-4 times for my dinner. Also hit up the nice dessert station for brownies, gelatos, carrot cake, etc.
4	In the past I remember coming here to long lines, but I came here around brunch time on a Wednesday.  Of course, this equals no lines!  Woot woot!  I just realized I reviewed this on my Rio Hotel review but I don't mind writing something again.  :)Lions, and Tigers, and Bears...Oh, MY!Italian, and Chinese, and American Cuisine (and more)...Oh, My!  :)They have so much food and you will TRY to eat all but never get to it all so browse everything before making a commitment.  LOL  Even the dessert area will make you feel like this too.  Soo, I recommend coming here on a weekday, if you can help it.  :)  Then there's no wait and less people in your way as you bulldoze through the food.  LOL
4	Real good food.worth. the price.
4	As a local the buffet gives you 50% off. Dinner is normally 25.00 but for 12.50 it is real good. There is a massive selection of food. As I have become a vegetarian there is a great deal of food to pick from. If your a meat or fish eater they had shrimp, crab legs, prime rib, etc... If i paided 25.00 it would get 3 stars but for what i paided it is definetly a good four star buffet. Real nice desserts and good service also.
4	Is it the best buffet in town? Who knows, it really depends on what your definition of a good buffet is. I will say this, it is my favorite buffet in Vegas and with locals only paying $12.99 for dinner... its one of the best values in town! I love that there is a wide selection of items to choose from so you never get bored with eating the same thing. Some days its their made to order teppanyaki bar (amazing) and other days its the Prime Rib (best in town) and heck, why not throw in a corndog (its only a corndog) for good measure? The place has what seems like an unlimited array of items to choose from so even the pickiest eater should be able to find something. What impresses me the most is that the service is usually very good. Drinks are always full, plates are cleared in a timely manner and the people serving are generally in a good mood. Its not like at another buffet where the meat nazi was cutting off tiny portions of flank steak and was irritated when you asked for more... I'm 6ft, 200lbs I can eat more then that... hello, I think I burned more calories standing in line than what Im gonna get out of that little slab of so called meat... but I digress. We even have one waiter that gives my GF a little bit of a hard time because she gets the same thing every time we are there... I like a place that can have fun and serve good food. I think if you are looking for a good place to eat with great local prices the Rio Buffet should be on your list. Just make sure you have a local ID and your Players Club Card.
5	I was about to go to  Vegas a few years ago and on the Sunday before we were to leave, the Los Angeles Times had a special Sunday section on Vegas. In it, it declared that the Carnival World Buffet is the best in  town, and so we went, and so it was, and still is. Since finding the buffet, I try to get a room, which is actually a suite, at the Rio when I'm going to be in  town. The first thing you have to keep in mind when you are confronted with such an overwhelming array of foods is don't try to eat everything. You can't, no-one can't. So try to follow some sort of theme, and try to stick to it. Remember, you probably will be back so don't eat yourself sick, that's no fun. So enjoy.
3	My friends and I decided to come here for dinner since the seafood buffet was open yet. We were expecting long lines, but surprisingly there was NO line at all? was it a sign that this buffet is not good? lolWe were told that parties 10 or more are required to pay gratuity up front. fine whatever, just seat us so we can eat! I love how this buffet had a lot to offer. they had a wide selection of food!!!!! (chinese, japanese, mexican, american, etc...!) I personally liked the mexican food here! the tacos i made were delicious!  Other than that this place is OKAY! i've definitely been to better buffets in Vegas!
4	One of my favorite buffets in Las Vegas!Not only is the food good, but only $17.99? Can't beat that! I love that they have so many different types of food - from Mexican to Chinese to Italian. And everything is actually pretty tasty. I was pretty impressed with the Chinese food because it tasted more authentic than other buffets. They tend to butcher it pretty badly, but even my boyfriend who is Taiwanese said their Chinese food was pretty good - and he's a tough critic when it comes to that.Probably my favorite thing about this buffet is that they serve gelato at the dessert section! I LOVE GELATO! They always have different flavors, too, so it's never boring.In short, you must try this buffet! Tasty, cheap, and a wide variety of choices. Need I say more?
4	Me and my friends got the buffet pass where you pay fifty dollars for a wrist band and you have 24 hours to hit as many buffets you want in these designated seven hotels. We hit three - Planet Hollywood, Flamingo, and Carnival World Buffet. We definitely saved the best for last with this buffet. Most of the food was extremely good! Of course, being  a huge buffet, some of the food is not going to be as good. But id say i loved 80 percent of what i ate. Even though 50 percent were crab legs.
4	For $10 as a Las Vegas local, you get the all-you-can-eat world buffet. Talk about amazing!! Everyone knows in Vegas $10 doesn't go far but at this buffet I can get endless drinks, desserts, and food from all over the world. I sampled a lot of the food and I have to say this might possibly be the best deal I have ever gotten, and its hands down the most for your dollar deal I have encountered in Las Vegas.The quality of the food is questionable, it tasted delicious but obviously its buffet food so its more cooked for quantity not quality. The service was less-than average, but none of that really matters because this buffet delivers with the food and the pricing!!
1	20 minutes from hitting the front of the line to being seated, hostesses that can't even use English to be rude in and hyper-active busboys. Is it everyone's first day working here? I mean really, when you hit the bar at 10am at a buffet to calm yourself from the terrible service only to come back to a cleared table it sucks. We went to the Paris buffet a few days later and were treated like royalty.
5	O-M-G! I must've died and gone to heaven! This place was absolutely spectacular! I admit it took about 20 mins to get but the line moved pretty fast and I was drunk so I wasn't complaining. This place had some of EVERYTHING. I couldnt make it to dessert because I had filled up on everything else. They had things like duck, pizza, wings, Chinese food,  CRAB LEGS, and about a thousand other things. Everything seemed so clean and the staff were also very friendly. This wasnt her neighborhood Home Town Buffet. This is the ultimate buffet. I enjoyed my experience here and so did my boyfriend. The options seems endless. I would return here with friends and family.
3	Good price, but food quality is okay. Maybe it's because the line is always so long and you build up too high of expectations. But for a place that emphasizes their international food, I don't think it's any more special than an upscale food court.
5	By far my favorite buffet in Vegas. It is totally worth going off the strip for! The bananas foster was so good that I can still remember how it tasted. The buffet is HUGE there is almost every type of food from almost everywhere in the world. Worth every penny and you won't be disappointed.
2	COCKROACH PROBLEM! Food was great, but our table had a coupleextra guests crawling on it. Manager acknowledged the ongoing 'problem' in that particular area of the restaurant (booths near crab legs) and offered us a refund.  He was more concerned about the refund than the actual pest problem.  I would have been fine paying for my meal, but was hoping he would seem more empathetic about the reason why I lost my appetite.  Avoid eating here  if you prefer a sanitary eating space.
4	I always seem to feel satisfied after eating here. There is a huge selection so you can pretty much find something to fill your craving whether it's Mexican, Asian or meat and potatoes. You almost never have to wait for the crab legs or shrimp cocktail to be refilled. I do miss the hot dogs and burgers from long ago.I find myself craving the udon here. I can make it myself at home, but the udon here, even though it's simply noodles, soup and green onions, is tasty.Deserts are good.  I like the gelato.  No cotton candy though.Locals 1/2 off deal is great.  But it's only Monday - Thursday and Sunday during dinner. Up to two people per Id, so a local can hook up an out of town visitor.
5	This was my first and only Vegas buffet experience, but I have to believe that it can't get much better than this. Crab legs, shrimp, hibachi station, taco bar, sushi, pho station, bbq, roast beef, smoked salmon, salads, pastries, gelato and sooo much more! We got here before the big Sunday brunch rush and only waited about 5 minutes to for a table, and were instantly brought champagne and they kept it coming the entire time we were there! From my research in trying to find a good buffet for our long Vegas weekend, this seemed like a good mid range option and we weren't disappointed. It's a long walk from the strip so try to take a cab, or, in our case, shanghai a limo driver that looks bored!
5	OMG best buffet in Vegas besides the bellagio buffet! The price is only 25 per person which is a deal! This place has really good crab legs I ate three plates and also shrimp cocktail. The prime rib is also yummy but I love how they have every food u could possibly think of. The pasta is sooo good and so is the Peking duck. What I don't like is the sushi cuz there's only California rolls and it's not legit. They also don't have any raw oysters which I was looking forward to eating.Overall the crab legs r the best and u definitely get ur money's worth coming here. I ate here twice on my vacation that's how good it is! Must go to this buffet!
5	Best buffet hands down! Every thing here is amazing. The dessert island is the best if you can save room for it!
3	The holiday price for this past MDW was $27 for their dinner buffet.. This is a relatively moderate price compared to other hotel buffets on the strip.. They had a large variety of food at this buffet but the quality was a little lack luster.. Since I had been drinking all day I wasn't able to handle much food so I only ate their fries and a few pieces of california roll.. My friends tried a little bit of everything and thought that it was good for a buffet but not the best.. From my own experience, the fries were terrible and so dry they might as well have been stale, but the california roll was amazing! I tried to take a nap in our booth for a brief period but was informed by my waiter that I would be escorted out by security if I couldn't hold myself up long enough to finish my meal ]:
4	This is still one of my favorite buffet in LV.  Traveling on a BOB (buffet of buffet) we had breakfast here.  Even for breakfast, they still presented a huge selection and it doesn't look or taste like recycled food from the night before.
3	This used to be one of the top notch Vegas buffets back in the day, but unfortunately has slowly declined since then. I was super excited to come back here after there is a fabulous deal locals can get on weekdays ($9 entry for lunch!), and expecting a killer deal for a killer place with food, was greatly disappointed in the quality of such. I give it three stars because of the outstanding variety of food that's here (American, Mexican, Asian, seafood, desserts galore, you name it!) Otherwise, the food is two stars at best. Going on a very slow afternoon for a Tuesday, we instantly were sat with a party of six no problem. Our servers were quick with our drinks, and speaking of drinks... $3 special on long islands and margaritas? This special only went on until 3PM, and either they made my long island too sugary or judging by the crowd that comes in there (usually elderly people and middle aged people, no offense!), I personally don't think there was enough alcohol to even it out (and no I'm not an alcoholic, LOL). The shrimp and the seafood is fresh and plentiful, as well as the fruit stocked by the salad bar. While I try to stick with light vegetarian things, some of my friends noted the hamburgers were dry, as well as the chicken. The tofu was pretty good sans the tofu salad mixed in with cucumbers (they used too much vinegar or something in it, I couldn't exactly tell what the marinade was). The gelato is obviously the happy ending of it all, but I wish Carnival was as good with quality as it is great with the quantity. There are better buffets to have elsewhere in Vegas, but I would say take advantage of the $9 special they have for locals for the seafood... at least that part is worth it!
5	Wow! So ginourmous! Yum dim sum, desert all of it. Kindof phenom. Wowza.
1	I'm not generally a fan of buffets- I prefer to sit and have my food brought to me- but I heard from friends that the breakfast buffet at the Rio is the best buffet ever, and I like mimosas. The cost was ridiculous, and the wait was worse. Just when I thought we were finally going to get to sit down, the line turned a corner and I saw... MORE line. And a huge room swarming with people. I hated it so much I left then, before I got in or had to pay, and had a lovely breakfast in the cafe around the corner on the casino floor. I then went shopping in the casino while I waited for my friends to finish waiting in line and eating their meals. I don't plan to go back; they can go without me, bottomless mimosas or no!
4	I came here during lunch. I was very surprised that it was only $20 a person. Usually lunch at a buffet around here would be $25 and up. This place is pretty good. They have everything here. Each station had their own ethical foods ranging from American, Italian, Asian, Mexican, etc. I ate so much here, I forgot what I even had. -_- but I will tell you it's the $20 bucks I ever spent for lunch =] I had their Gelato for dessert, the line is pretty long but well worth it. It was so good that I even had withdrawals when I came home back in Cali! I somehow got drunk here too. My friend and I ordered Mimosas here just because we wanted a "Sunday Brunch" feel to end our trip before going home. So that was nice. =] I'd come here again for lunch!
3	I just want to preface this review by saying I ate at this buffet prior to reading about the cockroach problem outlined by a previous poster. LOL. This knocked my 4 star rating down to 3 stars. I actually had a great experience at this place and loved the food selections and variety. My husband and I purchased bracelets as part of the "Buffet of Buffets" tour. Of all the buffets on the tour, this one was the best. Really I should say it was the best of the worst. LOL. One thing I don't understand is the cold crab legs. I am from the East Coast (Maine) and we only serve crab legs steaming hot. Every place I went in Vegas was serving them cold. This must be an East coast/West coast thing. I suppose at a buffet type of place might run the risk of overcooking the legs and making them tough. Personally I prefer my crab legs warm as the crab flavors are much more enhanced when heated. Honestry I was a little hesitant to try crab at any of the buffets we went to in Vegas because many of the crab stations did not appear to be heated or cooled properly. The Rio appeared to be an exception to this.
4	This is one of the better budget buffets in Vegas. For about $20 (after 25% off from buying show tickets at the 1/2 price ticket booth), you can sample international delights and tasty desserts.Some highlights for me were:1. prime rib2. king crab legs with drawn butter3. mongolian noodle bar (chow mein made to order)Service was great too. I suggest going early (maybe around 6 or 7pm) coz the line could get super long!
4	This is one of the decent buffets in Vegas that offers awesomeness :) I love the non-stop choice of food. What I realllly crave for is the never ending gelato (chocolate, vanilla and cookies and cream) and the Raspberry Tart :D They also had a humongous serving of primed ribs for the meat-eater, a heavily stuffed bar kiosk of king crab legs (it's a huge bouquet of king crab legs!) I remember they had American,  Italian, Mexican, Chinese, Japanese, Seafood and Salad Food Bars as well.Overall, this is awesome as well as they do give coupons via your hotel or travel agent :)
4	I can hardly breathe as I type what we ate here today:6 different kinds of pizzaChicken parmesanCaesar saladBeet saladCrab saladSauteed veggiesCheese omelette2 kinds of breakfast sausagesBaconHash brownsWaffles & syrupBlintzesPancakes w/blueberry or strawberry toppingsFrench toastLox & bagelsSushiFettucine alfredoBaked chickenBbq beef & pork ribsRoast beefHamMashed tatersGreen beansA whole salad bar areaMake your own phoA whole sushi areaBaked salmonMake your own chow meinFried shrimp, scallops, clam strips & fishSnow crab legsPeel & eat shrimpA taco bar w/all the fixingsDim sum (baos, shu mai, sesamw balls)EggrollsTaquitosAssorted danishesOooof.......And desserts!!:Cakes (choc, carrot, red velvet w/cheesecake)Fruit piesBanana and chocolate cream piesSugar free pies, cream pies, tartsBananas fosterCherries jubileeCream puffsNutella tartsChurrosA whole array of gelatosCookiesOooof......With the Rio's player card, we got a discount on the 24-hour Buffet of Buffet passes, so it was under $50/person to eat unlimited amounts of food for a 24 hour period.I need a nap to digest and make room for our next buffet...
4	Went here a couple of weeks ago for brunch.  The line was long and moved very slow when we went.  When you do go to the front of the line you have to pay through an atm looking machine that you give money to instead of the other way around.  I found it kind of annoying.  I think that's why the line moved so slow.  It's everyone trying to figure out how to use the dang machine. As soon as you pay though.  You get seated pretty quick and the feast begins.  At the time, they served mimosas for brunch.  Our server made sure the mimosas kept flowing.  He also made sure we had plenty of water with ice.  I made sure that we tipped him good before we left.As far as the buffet goes.  It was awesome.  My wife is not a big buffet person and she even loved it.  They pretty much have anything you could want at a buffet for brunch.I had the asian pork ribs, prime rib and shrimp cocktail.  So good.  After two plates I was full.  I was kind of bummed because I couldn't eat anymore.  I really had my heart set on some dessert but at that point I was done.  Definitely one of the better buffets in Las Vegas if you don't mind the long lines.One cool thing I found out was if you live in Las Vegas.  You eat for half price at the Carnival buffet.  So the locals get some love which is fine with me.
4	I have always loved coming to this buffet when im in Vegas. It never disappoints and always has a great variety of food. The last time i was here was about 5 years ago and i heard from some friends that they did a little make over and added alot more food as well. Woah, wait how can they possiby fit anymore food stations in here, they have almost every kind of food knowen to man errr women to be matter of fact! But i guess not!  We decided to start our buffet challange here. And let me tell you when you come to the Carnival make sure you have alot of patience because it takes a little while to actually get seated. When we arrived after paying for our dealio, we stood in line for a good 20-25minutes waiting to be seated along with the other's who were also waiting in line. It seemed like it was slow inside the buffet and there were tables and booths that were open. Maybe they were understaffed that day. There was one hostess who was working the three lines of people. One at a time she would ask how many in the party then let you go, wait another 5 mintues then go to the next line and repeat! Come on lady we have 4 very hungry Yelper waiting to get their hungry hungry hippo on!!!  At last we were finally seated.Out waiter was nice, took our orders for drinks (non alcoholic). It took him a little while but we finally got our order. If you want alcoholic drinks the bar is located in the middle of the buffet and is pretty reasonable priced. They have drink special just about every half hour as well.Instead of telling you what i ate: Here are some of the highlights that they have here:Carving station that serves Prime rib and Ham. I had a slice of both, the prime rib was so overcooked that it was a challange to cut it so i gave up! The ham was cooked prefect and tasted yummy!Mashed potatoes, ribs, and assorted vegetablesSushi ( I wouldnt recommend it)Hush puppies, onion rings, and shrimp,fried fish fillets,taquitos and wingsAnorexic crab legs, peel-and-eat shrimp and ScallopsA full salad barPancakes, Eggs, Waffles, Bagels, Muffins, Lox, Cream Cheese, Omelettes, Hash Browns, Bacon Bacon Bacon!!Plenty of pasta with various sauces in case you want to make your ownPizza of all kindsEgg rolls and various dim sum and even BBQ pork! Made-to-order stations were popular and served: Pho Stir-fryTacos that you can build yourself and quesadillasDesserts:A gelato bar serves eight different flavorsVarious mini cheesecakesSlices of pie and cakesFresh FruitRaspberry filled churrosCookiesCream PuffsBananas fosterThey also have alot of sugar free desserts as well!!Between the four of us we totally killed the buffet, and walked away in total buffet coma's.
5	This is the first time here, I tried the Seafood Buffet at Rio's before, it was good also. We went to Carnival World Buffet on Monday night, and still have to wait in line for 40 mins which is not bad. The price is $29.99, but if you have Neveda ID, you got 50% discount. This is the biggest and most variety buffet I found in Vegas. The food are fresh, especially Snow crab, Shrimp cocktail and Oyster. Their chinese section were great, they even have roasted duck. Overall, it's good value, and I will recommend my friends when they are in Las Vegas
4	The Carnival World Buffet @ Rio has always been a favorite. When they first opened up, it was the best of the best. No other buffet could compete. But over the last few years, their quality has dwindled as up and coming buffets opened up nearby. They have picked up their game recently to compete with the big boys. Selection was never an issue with them as it's one of the best.This will be a picture review of my plates:1. http://s3-media4.px.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/GIZFNvedqjWKwRBk5ZCiig/l.jpgImitation crab salad was good, cucumber salad was average, bacon was salty, sausage patty was salty, cream cheese blintz was excellent!2. http://s3-media3.px.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/4QBfJGP37gmmGK-9YeU8QA/l.jpgThey had a noodle station with various noodles and broths. I opted for a bowl of pho. The pho was pretty good for buffet style. Broth lacked, but beef choices were good.3. http://s3-media1.px.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/2Vuy8dUMOdn5GYOAVR3rfg/l.jpgThe Mongolian BBQ station. I choose shrimp as my protein. Typical fare here, I've never had Mongolian BBQ that wowed me. Not too shabby.I was full after that and got gelato and flan for dessert. Nothing to complain about there.I was stuffed and happy, that's all there is to it.
4	Consistently good food and a HUGE selection. As part of the Buffet of Buffets program, my family and I came here to dine first. We'd come back a few more times before leaving Las Vegas. First off, the place has TONS of food from all kinds of different ethnic cuisines. All of it is yummy. From the dim sum to the chicken wings to the pretzel bread to the pseudo-churrasco area of meats, everything was just so tasty!The standards were great. This is actually the first place I've ever had chilled crab legs, but they tasted fantastic! A little on the smaller side, but hey, it's a buffet. The prime rib was excellent! It was well seasoned, perfectly cooked and unbelievably tender. I still prefer the prime rib at Le Village, though. The desserts were amazing as well. The little various torts they had were good, as was the flan and cheesecake. What really shines is the gelato. It was awesome!
1	It took an hour and a half to get seated. A family that couldn't bother to read their coupon was give a free meal and priority seating because they were causing a scene and the food s not really that great. I would avoid it at all costs.
2	I don't get it.  Why does every travel channel show this buffet and tell tourists to come here?  M Casino has a much better buffet.  Heck, I've had better at Mandalay Bay and Planet Hollywood.  Alas, my sister visited for the first time and having seen a ton of said travel shows, really wanted to come to the Carnival buffet.  So I took her.  She seemed happy but little does she know there are much better buffets.  The price tag wasn't bad though.  Locals get half off with their rewards card.  That's apparently true for drinks in the casino too.  I was not impressed with any of the food.  The only thing I would classify as good was the prime rib.  I would suggest venturing off the strip to M Resort if you really want a good buffet.  I'm not a buffet fan but M is pretty solid.
3	This buffet is not bad... for the price I paid! I got the $40 dollar 24 hour buffet deal. For some of you who don't know what I'm talking about... there is a deal where you can eat 7 different Vegas buffets anytime you want! Well of course when its open. I can't name all 7 because heard that most of them kind of suck. I recommend Paris buffet for breakfast, Planet Hollywood for lunch and Rio for dinner. The food here is okay, but no buffet beats the one at the M hotel. If you've never been to the M, that is a must stop on the way to Vegas or on the way back. It's pretty far off the strip, but so worth it.
3	I've made it a point to always go to a champagne brunch everytime I go to Vegas. My first champagne brunch encounter was at Paris. Last time we went to the Buffet at Wynn, and this time it was time to try Rio's World Buffet. They are all good in their own way - this one was HUGE though. I had to walk a long ways to get to the end of it, and it wasn't half bad. I'm going to say that I still like Paris best though. The atmosphere there is really nice, and I think the desserts there are the best. Rio's buffet had a lot of different foods that the other buffets don't have though, since it's supposed to be an International Buffet, and so there are different stations for different countries. Pretty good.
5	Long wait but worth it.  The selection is incredible.  The Fresh Cut meat station was great
2	This place isn't what is use to be. We arrived here at 11am and there was no line at all. It could be that the automated machines to purchase your lunch ticket helped make it more efficient but sadly, right when we sat down we noticed that all the tables around us were empty. Is it due to the time we were eating? No, because one hour later, the place was still empty. Now, onto the food. I would have given this place three stars because it is still a large and diverse buffet but how can you serve unpeeled shrimp at a buffet in Vegas! That and the small crab legs deterred me from giving them any higher than 2 stars. Food highlight: Mimosas to help me forget about the experiece.
4	I normally don't think Buffets in general serve good food. Other than the M Buffet and Todai - Buffets offer me no excitement whatsoever.... My sister brought her house guest to this buffet 2 wks ago and she eagerly told me about this buffet and how I would enjoy the Pho station and the pork/shrimp shumai. Most importantly that locals get a 50% discount- Really? Cool!!!! So, off we went a few days later and yes it was true locals get half off (that means only a little over $8.00 for lunch) but now you do need not only a local ID but a Rio players club card. So pay the players club a visit first if you don't have one already. Oh, and along with your brand spankin new Rio players club card you'll also get $5.00 in slot play and a coupon book.Alright, back to the buffet- most of the time be prepared to wait in a line especially in the locals/discount line.It did take way to long to be seated but once we were seated our drink orders were taken and off we went to eat.....I really enjoyed the Pho station- the chicken ginger infused broth was soothing good. It wasn't salty or bland, I thought it was just right. That broth comes with fresh egg noodles but realistically you can have whatever noodles you want in it. If you want pork wontons steamed with your noodles just let them know.  I got the egg noodles and I thought they tasted really fresh- like from a good ramen. There are also different condiments that you could add to your Pho like beansprouts, fish cakes, and a chicken mushroom ball. Of course there is soy sauce, Sriracha sauce and other flavorings to add to your liking.I would come to this buffet just for the Pho station....For the price (about $8.40) at a restaruant you'll get one bowl of Pho but at this buffet you could have as many bowls as you want and with different broths and noodles. Yup, so worth it!!!!The shrimp/pork shumai is really yummy.....The spicy shrimp salad located on the far right of the buffet is yummers and the shrimp mango salad on the far left of the buffet is yummers also.The cranberry rolls eaten with butter is good.....I thought the rice texture in the sushi was alot better than in other buffets.I thought the dessert part was lacking....I look forward to dessert and the variety just wasn't there. The red velvet sqaures were weird because it's topped with a real tangy raspberry jelly thing-Not good!!!! The cookies - blah..... There was a dark choclate ganache thing in a mini pie shell - it was OK.The gelato was the savior dessert with options like Mango and Orange Cream.Some things I liked and some things I didn't - sounds like a typical buffet to me but because of the price at lunch added with the Pho station, I would come back.....
4	I usually don't do buffets... but Every trip to Vegas deserves a trip to this buffet.  My girls and I always hit up the Rio for the extensive buffet and it's wonderful selections... Decently priced also and you can sit and enjoy for as long as you like.  I  highly recommend the mongolian bbq station where they make your plate fresh to order....also the crab legs that are served after 3pm... MMMmmmmmm... Every 15-30 minutes the bartender announces drink specials like $3 margaritas/mix drinks.  Love the dessert guy, he's a crack up!... No matter what your palette, or who you're with.. everyone will find something they like here.
3	I arrived here far beyond the normal level of hungry. Breakfast consisted of some kind of meat (served by a very attractive and tall hunk of man meat), bacon, hash browns, waffles, milk and coffee. What is scary is that doesn't even come close to covering what is offered. It did run me $15 which is more then I would normally spend on breakfast, but this was an exception and well worth it. Might try to find a cheaper option in the hotel, but am happy with what I did have to eat.
2	I wasn't so impressed with this place. I didn't feel the worldlyness. My apologies, I'm comparing it to The M Resort Buffet so this place was kind of a fail for me.They leave their food out kind of long and it dries up. The best thing about this buffet would have to be their sweets. They had ice cream and good pies, the food is a-ok.
3	Went here today for the first time for a group lunch....also marked my first visit to a Vegas buffet ever.  (Yeah, so what??)  Since it's summer, the place wasn't busy at all, but I can imagine it could be other times of the year.  Price is good: show your NV ID for a 50% discount (lunch was about $9/person after discount).Place is huge, non-alcoholic drinks and refills are included in the price, and the food offerings are organized by ethnic cuisine: American (chicken-fried steak, mashed potatoes, fries, etc.), Asian (noodle station, teppenyaki station, westernized Chinese food...), Italian (pasta and cheese....), etc.  Food quality is pretty good for a buffet and the number of choices plentiful.  (I can't comment on anything with dairy as I can't eat that, boo).  I was disappointed with the dessert section, first for the number of treats I could not have due to the disturbing (to me!) dairy -- those particular sweets included mini custard tarts with whipped cream, a gelato bar, and cheesecakes.  I did sample a slice of cherry pie (good but not extremely fresh tasting), the (soupy) peach cobbler, and a little square of bland chocolate cake that could have used more cocoa.I would come here again for a value priced lunch if I were in the area.  Not my first choice, as I'd rather patronize off-strip locales, but I was glad to shed my buffet virginity....so to speak!
3	2nd time: I've always thought of Carnival World Buffet as the big brother of the buffets at Rio, upstaged by the Seafood Buffet.Carnival World Buffet tries to be what it sounds like, a buffet with foods from all over the world.  The selection is huge, and the spans from one end of the restaurant to the other.As with any buffet, there's a carving station.  Prime rib isn't bad but the other proteins were... meh.  Seafood selection is the typical as well.  Crab legs, cocktail shrimp, fried seafood etc.  I do think I'm a little spoiled by the buffets at the higher end hotels though, since the crab legs were already but in half for you :P  But of course, the selection for seafood can't be compared to the other buffet at Rio.  Mexican food is... alright.  Looked like what my high school would serve.  The churro was a surprise though.  I was lucky enough to get some right when it came out so it was crispy and you really can't beat a fresh churro.For some reason, I actually sorta liked the Asian food section... maybe cause that whole weekend I was eating Western food.  So it was nice to have a little change.The best part about the desserts is definitely the rotating gelato display.  You go up, tell the server what you want, and he'll press a button so the machine will spin towards the right flavor.  Pretty cool.  I think I stood there for like 5 minutes watching him do that.  Probably thought I was a weirdo haha.Carnival is perfect if you want a lot of choices and variety.  The selection is truly the best part about this buffet and I definitely wouldn't mind coming back.  The price is reasonable and the service here is great.  But if you are used to buffets at the Wynn or Bellagio, then this place might seem a little too average!
1	Would have given this place more stars for the food if it hadn't been for the horrid, disorganized hour and a half wait to be seated.  All it did was make our entire group angry and everyone vow to never come there again.  Whomever came up with the idea of multiple pay stations and lines all waiting simultaneously to be seated must have been touched and the manager/owner that accepted the plan should be fired or shot.  All I can say is CHAOS!!  We could clearly see lots of empty tables that were vacant for 10 or more minutes, yet at points the line was not moving at all for long periods of time.  The heat and the noise were incredible.Once you finally get to the pay station, you are forced to stand in another line waiting for a hostess to seat you.  We watched while they took groups out of other lines multiple times and never even looked at our line.  The whole system is idiotic and not conducive to a nice dining experience.  You could tell that the staff itself was overwhelmed by the way things worked and just didn't care about the customers wait.  No sense of urgency or eye contact.The food WAS NOT worth the wait and frustration.
1	I agree with Robin C's review. Completely dead on. The wait was long but seemed to be moving till the point they put us in the multiple pay lines. My friend and I had a coupon so we were put in the last line which is apparently where all the couponers and Rio guest were sent as well. Lets just call this the "no body cares line" so you will basically be standing there not moving forever while all the other lines continuously flow. You will see people that were a half hour wait behind you be seated before you while you stand there hungry and upset without any Rio hostesses even looking in your direction. Finally, I couldn't take it anymore so I asked the Cashier what was up and he basically told me there was nothing he could do. I asked for his manager and he acted like he was going to talk to him. He came back, continued to ignore everyone including me without giving me an answer about where his manager was. It was absolutely ridiculous. Finally, I asked again and when the manager came, I let him have it. At that point, he spoke with the hostesses who then began seating people in our line. My friend and I were next in line when we noticed that other lines were then being sat first again! I called the hostess over, she asked how many (2) and then asked everyone else in back of us. She then proceeded to seat all the larger groups in back of us! I asked her what the F was going on and she told me that she had 4 top tables and we were a 2 top. So after another minute or so of waiting I called her back over, pointed out multiple two tops that were open and she yelled at me stating that we were supposed to go with the other larger groups because 4 top tables can seat 2 people. I told her that I am not a fricken idiot, I know what was said! At that point, it wasn't worth it. I just went to our table and took full advantage of that damn buffet. You name it, I tried it, didn't care how much food I wasted. The food wasn't even that great. I had been to the Rio multiple times before and the food was much better and I remember genuenly thinking that it was the best buffet I had been to. However this time, I realized that no buffet is good. Buffets are just full of crap that is not fresh and they charge an arm and a leg for it. If I want good fresh Chinese food, I can pay 7.00 and get full, not 40.00 for crap! Anyways, the other times I had been to the Rio carnival buffet, the seating didn't seem nearly as disorganized. Perhaps it was because we paid full price those other times. Seems like they give those people priority when they should be just going off the time on the receipt and seating the people that have been there the longest first. Gee what a concept?!? So to conclude, although this buffet has the reputation of being "The best Buffet" in Vegas, I would never return. Go here at your own risk if you like as much as you can eat crap food and like to wait in line for over an hour and a half. Just make sure to eat before coming or come with a stocked purse of snacks for when you are waiting. Also, make sure you have no set in stone plans for after your dinner. The family in back of us had booked a show for a few hours after they decided to come to this buffet. Needless to say, once they finally got in, the mom had to rush to the box office and see if she could change their show times. Apparently, that was not possible because that family was only able to spend about 30 minutes there to eat and had to run. They couldn't even get their moneys worth and try everything that the buffet had to offer. I thought it was pretty sad. Did I also mention that they were guest of the hotel? You would think that being guest, the box office would have been willing to work with them since their Buffet is full of incompetent jerk employees. The one upside is that our waiter was very nice and very attentive, something I didn't expect after the service we had received while in line.
4	Best buffet I've been to here in town. Service was great and the food was fresh.  The only thing that sucked was the wait to get in other then that i will be going back there t
1	Food was COLD, TASTELESS, and not worth the almost $30.00I was there on business/expensable meal, it was worse then a cold burger at McDonalds, and not worth a $1.00Server was good. Management is clueless
4	Three words: unlimited crab legsThat itself sells buffet to me. I love crab and shrimp and unlimited... Sold. I'm the type of person who... If I go to a buffet... I'll eat my money's worth or even more than the cost. I know crab legs are pricey... So i filled up on rab legs and ate a lot. It was like my own 'Boiling Crab' there.There are other selections but honestly didn't pay as much attention bc of my whole food/price ratio. I had this delicious sausage (that's what she said) and ome greens... But it was mainly the crab legs. It has no taste but you go to another kind of dish you liked (if the sauce I like) - pour the sauce on the crab. Yum. (yes, I can be ghetto like that).The price for lunch is $27 includes alcohol.ServiceStandard. Had to ask for honey several times.Overall... Not bad. Just eat the crab legs!
2	Quality over QuantityI'd rather spend my money somewhere else, even if I get half the food.
4	Hella yum! And locals get 50% off?! Its like a bogo!I LOVE buffets! Most of the time I dont eat a ton; but this time was a little different! Our bill for 2 adults and a child was only 27$! WHAT A DEAL! That also includes any non alcoholic drinks! We stood in line for about 30mins, and I didnt mind because it was like a treasure at the end of the rainbow! We got sat and I took it all in... ahhh I was in heaven!I started off at the meat caving area; I'm not a big meat eater so I got some red mashed potatoes (YUM!!!) w/brown gravy, some fried shrimp, and some onion rings. I next got some little french breads(AWESOME!) some pork loin (too sweet), red potatoes(ORGASM!!), some quesadillas, and other goodies. All were sooooo yum!! I didnt expect much because it wasnt a million dollar gourmet buffet... haha jk! Anyway my expectations were greatly surpassed!!My son had some bbq ribs and corn and tore it up! He loved it here!! The bf had a bunch of stuff and was super excited with his crab legs... which I did not have any of! LOL. Our waiter were very great and we never had to flag one down! Dinner was awesome, basically! lol.Now on to the deserts! I had a plethora! Some cheesecake, eclairs, red velvet cake, tiramisu gelato, banana creme pie tart, chocolate tart thing, and bananas foster! OMFG! Seriously I thought I died and went to desert heaven! It was all perfect! I'm actually wanting to go back tomorrow for lunch then try breakfast as well!!Go there if you want to eat at a cheap buffet!! Its delish, has a ton of different food, and you will def leave happy!! OH they also have a cash bar!! So go get your buffet and booze on!
4	Came here as our last stop for the Buffet of Buffets deals. Out of all the buffets available with this deal, this is the best buffet to go to for dinner. There's sooo much to choose from and the buffet is huge! Expect a lot of walking back and forth, which is good considering all you will be eating! They also have a lot of yummy desserts to choose from. Definitely stop by here for your dinner with your buffet pass or if you don't have a pass, it's definitely worth paying the full price.
4	Very good selection of foods. Everything I got was good if not above average as far as buffet goes. Fried calamari was good mex food was good & Asian soup station was pretty good. Tue desserts were very good wit gelato red velvet cheesecake tarts & cookies. Good variety. Fam enjoyed & my 9 yr old loved. Ate more than normally do at buffet cause was delicious. Tried others in town but think this is one of best of the bunch.
4	Perfect for a big group of ppl. We were 14 people and with the price of 24.99 for sunday bunch (including all you can drink mimosas), this is a place where everyone can get what they want. There is something for EVERYONE. It may not be the BEST quality of the strip but it has the most choices. I got to this buffet every time i go to vegas. Its a must!!! Yum Yum!!!
4	What can be said about the world's biggest buffet except that it carries it's bang for it's buck!Firstly, if you park in the self parking garage, you will have to literally walk through the entire casino floor to get to the front entrance. Not a problem, just a small gripe I had. I arrived, as a newbie, to the buffet on a Sunday morning to the shock of a smaller than normal line. My friend is an avid Carnival eater and told me that the line becomes more over than an hour the later in the day, especially on the weekends. I'm happy she was there to guide me and my friends.As a pollotarian (look it up), I always hope for a wide variety of vegetarian, chicken and other poultry-related items to be in the menu of the buffet I attend. Luckily the Carnival World Buffet did not disappoint. With over 300 types of dishes available on average, my taste  buds were kept busy continuously. From the delicious breakfast buffet bar(ooh, alliteration) to the Chinese section to the fresh soups, noodles & teppanyaki area, I was filled to the brim within an hour. I stocked up on the gelato bar, mini desserts & the wide variety of fresh fruit. My friend is a 5'4" persian girl, but my oh my did she do the seafood section justice. From crab legs to shrimp to what have you, you get your fill of the cast from the Little Mermaid when you stop by there.Did I forget to mention on Sundays the $25 price tag(mind you there are coupons all over the place) gets you a BOTTOMLESS mimosa buffet? I was all smiles from ear to ear when I discovered this.You will hear from people about how there are "better" buffets (at a "worse" price) and "cheaper" buffets (at a "worse" experience, think the bathroom 4 hours later), but I would have to agree with my expert friend and say that the Rio's Carnival Buffet gave me a little bit of everything I needed...booze included. Stop by on your next trip to Sin City! There is a shuttle leaving all day from the Ballys hotel on the strip so you don't need to drive!
2	2.5 stars at its best =/...and i always luv boofays...itsy bitsy spider crab legs, shrimp aren't peeled, oysters with no taste, sashimi cut in irregular shapes...but the price is not cheap at all. An hour of wait...not worth it...
4	Went here for lunch and it was still SUPER YUMMY!!!
4	Probably one of my favorite buffets when I go to Vegas. The only downside is that it's off the strip. The price is descent, just like any other buffet. I believe it's about $18 for lunch and jumps to $25 for dinner. They have a lot here! It's  huge buffet with all different kinds of foods. My friend told me that this is one of the biggest ones. I would say this is third behind Bellagio and Paris.
2	Saying im disappointed would be an understatement. First of all i had lunch here and it cost me roughly $20 with tax, there is usually a long wait too about 30 minuteish at least. I wouldnt mind the wait if it was actually good but unfortunately this buffet just sucked. They have a wide variety of foods in fact they have one of the largest selections of food ive seen in a buffet, but again unfortunately its one of the largest selections of below mediocre foods ive seen.. They have sushi, but its so americanized and is one of the worst tasting sushis ive had (coming from a sushi lover), the fish did not seem fresh at all either. The only reason i give this place 2 stars is because of their all you can eat gelato which i absolutely loved. Unfortunately they give you it in small cups but you can always keep coming back. Cookies and cream and the tiramisu gelatos are a must try!Definitely wouldnt come back here again except for maybe the gelatos.
2	Horrible experience! We got the Buffet of buffets 24 hour pass ( great idea by the way) We had heard that this buffet was the best unfortunately not true. We went around 8:30 and waited in line for about an hour. We watched as table sat empty and un-bussed as the staff would stand there and chit chat. When we asked if we could sit at the empty table sitting right i front of us we were told that we couldn't because there were no servers for that table. Perhaps they were too busy talking to serve another table. When we were finally taken to our table we counted the empty tables along the way and counted 9 just on the way to our table. By the time we got to the food much of it was dry and being pulled off the line
4	We stayed at the Rio Hotel for the Evo 2011 convention and ate at this buffet restaurant. I had crab for breakfast daily. It was fresh and delicious. They had variety of food from various types of international soup, Mongolian BBQ, to Italian pizza. Breakfast menu is awesome. I love the egg florentine, it was delicious. The service provided by the waiter and waitress was lovely. Be aware of the wrinkled lady with glasses. When she starts talking down to you, just ignore her. Sometimes when people get old, they no longer care what comes out of their mouth. Besides that, the servers & Chef made this restaurant an exceptional place to be. :)Weekdays is $15, weekends is $43.
4	This is a staple for Vegas locals!!  It is only $13 for dinner and worth every penny.We use the phrase "Left side, strong side" because that's the side of the buffet where the crab legs, prime rib, and desserts are on :)Try the cookies and cream gelato!!The drawback is the long, long, long lines to get in.  Get there early in the evening or be prepared to wait and then wait some more!!
2	Me and my other half had breakfast here. We woke up extra early to make sure to beat the line up. Upon arrival, we found it wasn't too busy by about 8:30am. The selection was quite vast with variations on eggs/omelettes, toast, pancakes, sausage/bacon. Everything LOOKED fabulous. I wish it had tasted as good as it looked. We weren't expecting anything amazing and knew that the food itself would be average buffet quality and not top grade, but this seemed to be way below that.RIO CARNIVAL BREAKFAST [THE GOOD]- Cheese quesadillas (topped with guacomole & pico de gallo)- Caramel-filled churros- Corn beef hash[THE BAD]- Turkey sausage (tasted like chemicals)- Eclair (smelled like feet)- Bacon (I understand that bacon is fatty and greasy, but these were soaking in grease)- Scrambled eggs (dry and browning from being overcooked)- Apple juice (served to me WARM, gross)- Orange juice (served to my other half WARM)- Ribs (super dry, meat tasted old and had that strong boar tainted taste. Again, very poor quality)[THE UGLY]We had a stomach ache for the rest of the day. It felt like a huge rock was in our bellies. We went to the Wynn buffet later that week and ate just as much, if not more, and felt perfectly fine after. IT'S ALL ABOUT THE QUALITY PEOPLE!I will not be going back here. Nope. Non. Negative. Nein. Niet.
2	Utterly forgetable, 100% cafeteria food.  The lines are insanely long, the food is insanely mediocre... whole experience was a big ol blah.  Only good part was that they brought you booze (if you paid).
1	High school cafeteria on steroids. Can't believe I wasted over 90 minutes on line and paid $32 with tip for this crap. It's horrible. Don't bother.
4	Loved this buffet! Made the BF decide that we are staying here the next time we come back. Everything was cooked well and you had a ton to choose from.
4	On a scale of Harrah's buffet to Bellagio's buffet, Carnival World Buffet at the Rio comes in at a 4 - same level as the Paris buffet. I've been going to Vegas my entire life, and I had never been to the fan-favorite Rio buffet. While on vacation, I stopped in here with my boyfriend and his mom because the three of us like seafood. It was lunch time, and I did not have nearly the wait my fellow Yelpers have complained about. Good luck or timing I guess! The price is not bad for lunch at all, I think $18 or around there. It's espeically worth it if you're a crab lover. Unlimited crab legs are delicious and the buffet is HUGE. If you're a picky eater, you will find something here.It sucks that the Rio is not on the strip because I find it a hassle to get over there. It's worth the money and the food is quite good.
1	Carnival World Buffet is about par for course on a low-end casino buffet, but very large and with lots of food, and insanely overpriced. Wait in line for an exceptionally slow and poorly designed kiosk to charge you $20 per person for a buffet, plus tip. The kiosk prompts you for 15 or 20% tip, which is more than what you traditionally pay at a self-service buffet, and there is no option to tip a more conventional 10%.For your $25 total, you can browse stations ranging from mediocre pizza to burgers to Chinese food. Some of the items are good, particularly the burgers, but for the most part, everything here is only a step or two above fast food, if that. The Mexican food, for example, had quesadillas that I think had American cheese in them with guacamole that consisted almost entirely of sour cream. And breakfast food, curiously, is dispersed across the buffet: waffles might be with the burgers, but eggs are probably next to the Chinese food.You might be wondering why I checked in twice here. Did I mention you're a captive audience at the Rio? It's off-strip, so unless you want to take a cab somewhere, you're hosed. And I was with a group.The bottom line is, you're paying $25 for $4 worth of crappy food with an outrageous gratuity for someone who only brings you silverware and a soft drink (alcohol is at a station only).
5	One of the best buffets in town. Plus, you can get cheap drinks that aren't watered down. There's a long line if you go on the weekend, but during the week, if you get there early, there's no wait. They have everything here.
4	I love this place. Only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is because of the price. $30 a person plus tip is the most i have ever spent on a buffet. It is worth it though. The food quality is great along with obviously the choices. I used to come here more when the prices were lower. Now i only come here when i come with some one who hasnt been here before. There aren't many good buffets in vegas. Just mediocre
3	A pretty decent buffet (especially with the Buffet of Buffets pass), but often had really long lines, and the food wasn't up to the standard of the Paris or ph Spice Market.I went a few times, and the food quality was inconsistent -- the carved meat was almost raw one day (and I do like rare), and at other times was medium-well, slow cooked by a heat lamp.  There were unlimited crab legs and shrimp, but they really weren't all that good -- and the mexican section was public high school level.The one stand-out was the gelato selection in the middle; the other desserts, including no-sugar-added cheesecake, were good too.  The pay-as-you-go bar was good and well priced too (especially during happy hour), and the included soft drinks table service was prompt and attentive.
5	FINALLY something worth having a Nevada ID for. 50% for a casino buffet and all u need is a Nevada ID and sign up for their rewards card. you don't even have to gamble. they have long lines but if you have VIP status like i do (actually my pops does) side step to the VIP line for just a little wait. but if you have to wait in the regular line expect close to half an hour or so. I'd like to compare the Carnival World buffet to the Studio B buffet at the M Casino. For the variety and quality of food. Big selection of good tasting food with some ok or even poorly made food (sushi and bbq ribs were terrible). They have everything soup, salads, corn dogs, meat loaf, fried chicken, dim sum, mexican, asian, american, italian, beers and other alcohol drink, desserts. Really really loved the asian style roast duck, enough that I had almost as much duck as crab legs a full plate, juicy and tasty. They also have a real tasty asian style pork chop. If you want PHO or TEPPANYAKI they have that too, specially made for you, you pick the ingredients they'll do the rest. Soy beans. Carving stations!? some tender pieces of prime rib, they'll even cut it thick for you just let um know. Roast beef, glazed ham, i think is saw turkey maybe. pork and beef ribs. No made to order pasta but some good pasta dishes the ones you'd bake in a casserole. There was also a lot of good quality make pizza. Came here for the crab legs and oysters but was disappointed to find out that there was no oysters and only served cold crabs legs. didn't ask but maybe next time I'll ask the teppanyaki guys and see if they do something with the crab legs. Desserts not a lot to choose from but my plate of mango, coconut, and orange cream ice cream scoops, topped with warm just make banana foster, yeah you know you'd like some right now, was the best way to end my feast. Service wasn't that good, they were bad at clearing our table and getting our drinks even worst when we wanted refills. Didn't get our drinks until two plates in. Our table was filled with plates and cups that were stacking. But overall definitely worth the 12 bucks, 50% off locals, on a Friday night might even be a steal.
3	I guess I'll keep this one short and sweet as I know future follow-ups will be posted.  With all the new hotels and buffet places sprouting on and off the strip, I feel as if Rio's have lost some of it's touch!  It's my 4th time coming here this year and will probaby be back on Labor Day weekend, that's if we don't go to that one letter initial buffet/hotel place off the strip :-)Some Highlights:- Selection: Italian, breakfast, Mexican, all the mainstream Asian food, and seafood- Crablegs galore: My bf is in heaven!- Great staff service: Even though all they do is serve drinks, all my experiences have been quite pleasant and friendly.  This past weekend, one gave me his contact for club promoter hookups.- DESSERT:  This is my favorite part of the this buffet!  My bf and I come to this place solely for the all you can eat gelato and cannolis (sp?).  Yes, we have a sweet tooth indeed!  There are variety of flavors and I introduced it to one of my gfs this weekend and she it was to die for!!!  I've must've died several times and gone to gelato heaven!!!Overall...Okay, enough about my gelato and canolli (sp?) obssessions!  I can't really say anything extremely bad about this place.  Ten years ago, I would've rated it with 5 stars.  But for the food selection, quality, service, and the length of time waiting in line (less than 20 min on not-so-busy time), Rio is your average Vegas buffet with the not-so average gelato and canolli selections!  BF's review:  Crablegs are the bomb!ShoeFreak adds:  5 inches or taller - it's a Vegas requirement!  Must rock some stylish spiked heels!
4	Bought the Buffet of Buffets 24 hour pass to any of the Harrah casino buffets. Yes, I'd do it again. Would avoid Paris, though. Was impressed with the Rio buffet though. Did it twice and each time the food was fresh and actually had flavor to it, which are 2 things that most buffets lack. Be sure to get the ice cream. Interesting flavors and tasty.
3	My aunt is a local so we ate here twice, once for lunch and the next day for dinner, for half off. Sure we waited in line for over an hour and some of their items looked far from appetizing, but it was alright. I did not really have high expectations going into the buffet so I can't really say I was disappointed. Maybe if we had paid full price then I would think otherwise, but even then, the parentals were the ones paying so it was all good. lolThey salad bar was limited but I still enjoyed it. The crab legs were pretty meaty considering this isn't a seafood buffet. I liked the shrimp cocktail. Their sushi was a joke. I hate Costco sushi and this was worse. The pizza was actually tasty and I don't usually eat pizza at buffets. I don't normally eat pork but i had a piece from the Asian section and it was pretty good. My plate was pretty scattered. Just a little bit of everything that I thought I would actually like. I try not to pile up my plate because I hate wasting food. I feel guilty when the waitstaff has to take away a full plate only because I was being greedy. Oh, humanitarian me! The thing I really enjoyed the most was the tepanyaki section. I picked my veggies added my noodles and he prepared my meal in about 10 minutes. The meat selection is kept inside and you get to choose from beef, chicken, and shrimp. The beef is not the thin, brisket slices, you would normally see in Mongolian BBQ places. It is think like beef and broccoli thick. They cuts were really good and I didn't have any unpleasant fatty or chewy instances during my meal. Now the best part for me was the desert. Limited, but they have a gelato section where an attendant scoops up little cups of yummy ice cream. I tried the tiramisu and liked it. They also have these little cups of cheesecake which were really good. The best thing from the entire desert section and I sampled a lot of it. When we went back for dinner I just had one of those. Okay buffet overall, I would definitely recommend the locals to go. 50% off is a great deal. Oh before I forget. During lunch they have a wristband you can purchase for $7.77 for unlimited drinks. This includes beer, margaritas, and I believe well drinks. Just the margaritas were worth and the bartender also hooked me up with a pina colada on my 4th round. WIN!
4	Short explanation: Bacon and omelettesI can't recall the last time I've had bacon so perfectly cooked and flavorful. I ate too much bacon there.Omelette: After spending years trying to make a good omelette at home the short order/chef woman taught me how just by my observing. I can now make something almost as good as hers at home. I wish I could go back again and learn all over to make sure I didn't miss anything (is an omelette really that complicated? yes!)I got a 24 hour pass and came 3 times a few weeks ago. Did this place used to be open 24 hours? I was disappointed to see that it closed at 10. Everything was great and I can't give it 5 stars because buffet reviews are basically about comparing them to others especially in Vegas so there's always a possibility that there's something better. I'm convinced though that most of the hotels get their food from the same suppliers so we're all just imagining one is superior to the other :)Selection was OK but I wish it just had a few more things..like more types from the same cuisine. I was surprised to see pho at dinner but considering it's popularity in the last few years it makes sense. Don't expect a good sushi/sashimi bar--definitely not there.Just don't make the same mistake I did and go after your pass expires. I lost track of time from being inside the hotel for 2 days and waited in line for 20 minutes only to go up with my pass and have the cashier look at me funny. Will we ever see the buffets list their basic ingredients? I hope so because there were things I tried to avoid because I didn't know what it was made from (allergies). I'll be back someday but I gotta see the rest of  the world first!
3	Saw crab legs and basically ate only those the entire meal.I'm gross like that. :(The legs were super tiny and pretty impossible to break open to get to the sweet sweet meat inside.I'll make sure I eat different foods next time. Eating only crab is kind of a stupid idea now that I think of it.Also INSANE LINES. Man.
4	Great selection and the prime rib was really tasty. The gelato station was amazing and I also loved the "ham" that actually tasted like sirlion steak lolmy only complaint is the beer promo they had , i think 3 dollars for a 16oz glass or something, which when I was about to get, they told me they ran out of glasses...wtf?
2	Sunday brunch wasn't really all that. I've heard so much about how great this buffet is, but was a little disappointed. My tummy was craving some prime rib and crab legs. There was no prime rib (they only had dry roast beef) and the crab legs were kind of difficult to eat due to the lack of meat in them. The selection is pretty big, more than your typical Vegas buffet, but the taste was pretty mediocre. I'd much rather have a smaller selection with high quality food. Quick tips: 1. Come right before the brunch rush (around 11ish on a Sunday). There wasn't a long wait. As we left, however, the line was out the door. 2. The price is good. I think we paid $17.99 for Sunday brunch. Champagne included. Not bad at all for what you get. 3. If you want high quality food and a nice venue, go to the Wynn. You'll definitely be "Wynning" there. LOL Meh.
3	Selection is usually quite varied, meaning there are many types from which to choose, but also not quite rotated, meaning no matter what season I generally can expect the same things. Boo, predictability.Obviously I don't really go to a "world" buffet simply to eat Asian again, but their udon was too soft.I'd like to see more French besides dessert, and overall greater international credibility. It's kind of run-of-the-mill as of now.Their dessert selections seem to be getting better, what with chocolate cups topped with some sort of berries.
3	If you are going to eat at any of the Harrah's branch of buffets, I recommend getting the Buffet of Buffet passes where you can eat at any of their buffets in the 7 hotels for 24 hours. It's only $50 for the wrist band for non-hotel guests. So with this wristband, you walk up to any of the buffets, get in line, they scan you and you get in. Simple!The Carnival World Buffet has a huge selection and the food is pretty tasty. They have Chinese, American, Italian, and even a station where they make pho and egg noodles when you order it. The dessert bar is ginormous! The reason why i gave this place 3 stars is because the cashier lady is super mean! She's old and cranky and holds up the line. My trip was so good, but her nasty attitude ruined my day for a good 5 minutes. hahah But really, she was pretty bad though. :(She was going to put on the wristband for me and I asked her politely if she can loosen it before she sticks it on "permanently" because I didn't want the wrist band too tight. She started screaming at me saying that she's not putting it on too tight and it's policy that she puts it on for me herself. I told her that it's too tight and it's 113 degrees outside, I don't want my wrist getting sweaty because of this wristband and I don't it to rip off because it's going to get wet if I sweat.I put my pinky in between the wrist band and my arm so that when she puts it on it'll be a little loose and not super tight and she tried to slap my hand. SERIOUSLY! She's like, this wrist band is waterproof so you can stop it with that! I said, I'm just asking you to please not put it on so tight, it makes me uncomfortable. And she goes I WON'T!. Such a b! Ugh... The people behind me (which was a lot of people) saw what happened and made a scene with her about how rude she was. I just walked off to get my food because it was so much drama. I think she's a regular employee at that buffet because the next day when I came back, she was there - slow, holding up the line again, but she just scanned my wristband so there was no communication going on  - thank goodness.
3	50% Discounts for Locals + Elite Line for Total Rewards 7 Stars, Diamond & Platinum members  = big bargin for us.However, the food, SUCKS :PThey do have huge selections for the buffet but the ones that are worth eating are very , very few.If you are looking for something to fill your stomach up, this is the place to go.   but if you want something tasty? I would go other placesThey do have seafood (Crab legs, Shrimp Cocktails), Noodle Bars (Asian Noodles), Mogolian Beef ( I like the Mogolian Shrimp the most).  and some craved station, italian pasta stations..etc  Desserts have good spread but it all tasted like supermarket quality type of food. If you have buffet of buffets pass, you should come to try it out to see what's the hype about.  If not, it doesn't worth all the drive over there.
5	Oh.. em... gee... can't go to Vegas without stopping here!!I first ate at the world buffet 4 years ago when my mom and step-dad had their wedding dinner here.. and boy was I hooked from the start. Every food imaginable. Amazing selection of fresh food... and everything looks so good you will want to try it all. Mounds of crab legs (yum!), all kinds of other fresh seafood, steak, prime rib, ham, chicken, all kinds of sides, sushi, Chinese, Japanese, Italian, Mexican, American, any kind of food really.Last time I was in Vegas for 3 days me and my best friend went to the world buffet 4 times!! (breakfast, lunch, dinner). Best value is to get a buffet hooper pass (around $40) which is valid for 24 hours from time of purchase and good for unlimited buffet eating at any of Harrah's 7 buffets. We literally went down the strip eating at 5 of 7 of these buffets, making sure we hit this one up one last time before our time was up. You have to try it yourself before you judge based on 2 or 3 star reviews...
4	well done Flamingo Casino.!TIME SPENT2 meals @ DinnertimeLAYOUTbig - spacy - clean.^^   comfy seats and a big selection...   the lines are SUPER long, but that's nothing abnormal for a Vegas Buffet.SERVICE/FOODgood, friendly, hard working waitresses...  the unsung heroes of ur buffet wars.  LMAO.^^excellant all around.   i honestly cannot find something i did not enjoy...  you may say that the Chinese section is greasy, but that's Chinese for you.^^;NOTE:  bypass the $45 Flamingo Seafood Buffet...   CWB offers the same "fresh" quality Snow Crab Legs and no restrictions on the Lobster Bisk (full of tasty lobster).PRICINGthe average cost of a Vegas Buffet - which is $25, but is $15 if you get a VIP card.!!CLOSING$15 for a buffet that doesn't go cheap on it's food service is NUTS...   you'd be hard-pressed to beat that.
4	I still find this place one of my favorite buffets in LV, because of their variety.  You should look into purchasing the 24 hour buffet passes which includes this place and many others within the chain.  They have so much to choose from: Mexican, American, Asian, Italian and Middle Eastern food and don't forget their big selection of desserts.. I'm not a buffet person so the only way I can get my bang for my bucks are with the crab legs and the endless mimosas! Only downside is that they do not steam the crab legs for you.
3	My wifey boo told me this place was the shizzzz-nitt.  It was good, but honestly I have had better.  I thought about the PALA casino in L.A.  Much much better
1	Sub par buffet with the worst service you will EVER receive....
5	one of our favorite buffets in town. they have a great locals deal which we take advantage of often. crab is always tasty and the prime rib is almost always fork tender. the teppanyaki station is great as is the gelato bar. i understand the even have fruit and salads down at the end. there are a couple of servers who give GREAT-Exceptional service and the rest are good. one of the head chefs (maybe THE head chef) came to our table and introduced himself one night. we chatted about what we liked best (the prime rib and crab) and he reccomended a couple items. we have eaten there many times (20+) never a bad experience. rio is a little off the strip but worth the trip. free shuttle from harrah's if you are mid strip.
4	Nearly one of the biggest buffets i been to. Though I rarely ever go to buffets.
4	HUGE selection. I wish I was able to try every single thing they had available. The food I had tried were tasty. Most notable items: Seafood and Chinese section had a good variety of foods. Snow crab legs piled nice and high. & the Chinese roasted pork was moist and flavorful but I had to pick and prod around the fatty areas. Italian and American section however was seriously neglected. Overall the sections were well stocked, kept, and cleaned. Our waiter (Kevin) was nice and attentive. He kept our drinks full and our table was well stocked with utensils and napkins. I wish they would open a buffet like this on the east coast. :)
1	No good. No good. Crap
4	food was good..the wait was not..
2	Nothing special, your typical buffet food. The Village Buffet at the Paris is much better, and Spice Market is the best of the buffets! It doesn't even taste like buffet food.
4	even the pickiest eaters will find something yum to appease their hunger at this never ending buffet.  anything and everything from Chinese, Japanese, Mexican, Italian, and Jamaican to country cooking and good ol fashion *American* favorites span at least a half block.i was surprised the desserts were limited, but i'm assuming the dinner selection is more expansive (we came straight from airport for lunch).  don't pass up the gelato, especially vanilla bean and cookies n cream- mmm pure decadence for a buffet off the strip.
5	Huge-ass Buffet for sexy fat people like me?? hellz ya!! This place is off the chain! Fritz's Quick Tip: Go for breakfast at around 10:30, Stay for lunch which starts at 11am. that way you save 2 bucks and you get the best of both worlds! I swear this Buffet has got to be at least half a block long! with many different styles to choose from! You got your southern with their Fried chicken, Ribs, biscuits, country fried gravy corn. etcThen you got all your roasts: beef, Pork, sausages, ham...You also got your Chinese: BBQ Duck and Pork, 4 kinds of chow mein, sweet n sour pork, crispy chicken, DIM SUM!! etc...Japanese: SO MUCH SUSHI!!! Italian.. All kinds of pastas, garlic bread, HAND TOSS PIZZA!!!!!  6 DIFFERENT KINDS! (are you kidding me?) I swear i gained at least 8 pounds just in one sitting... OH and don't get me started on the dessert! all i gotta say if FRESH PIE AND GELATO!!!...So the next time your in the Rio Hotel! check this place out! F#$K a diet! you only live once!!! don't be boring! ;)
4	Back again two years in a row. Yes, this buffett is that GOOD.(If you check in with foursquare you get $5 off!) So much variety and each flavored perfectly in it's culture. The buffet line gets pretty long, but I say it's worth it. You can't try everything in one sitting, next time I'm getting that 27-7 buffett pass thingy so I can come anytime!Best dessert selections too all I got to say is GELATO.Location isn't bad, just a bit off the strip but we stayed at Palazzo so it was fine. Good to walk around anyways to work off the food you eat.
3	Another average buffet on the Strip.
1	Seafood tasted frozen. Roasted duck was pure grease and fat. The Cheese tasted like Kraft.The Shu Mai was ok...I got sick... I literally got sick from eating here - I don't think it was food poisoning, but my body was very upset that I came here, instead of arguing with my friends more about where we should have gone.
4	I keep on putting this review for the Rio buffet off, and I've been eating here since I was a freshman at UNLV in 1996!  About time I give this place some props!  For those in the know, the Rio buffet was the one that started it all in Las Vegas when it came to fancy all-you-can-eat!  Gone was the $4 buffet of gloopy leftovers (I'm talking about you Sahara),and in came the glitz and glamour!  The Carnival World Buffet was THE buffet to visit when you came to Sin City back in the 90's.  It was the best.  It was the biggest.  And damn, it was good!Rio's buffet was voted best buffet in Las Vegas for years.  Of course, times change a bit and now you've got other big players in the 'Buffet Battle' as I like to call it - Wynn, Bellagio, M, Wicked Spoon and more all competing for the coveted award.  Yep, the Rio may not be the biggest and brightest as of right now, but it still holds a special place in my heart.  Back in the fall of '96...fellow college buddies and I pulled off an all-dayer, we stayed at the Carnival World Buffet from the beginning of lunch to the beginning of dinner!  It was a glorious 5 hours of gluttony, belt-notch loosening, and packs of TUMS!  Of course, it didn't help that the bathroom is so conveniently placed right inside the buffet to make those trips to the chow line much easier on you.  And yes, as annoyed as our server was that we took up a table for so long...we did tip her very well.The food quality back then was good, and in my opinion I think it is still very good to this day.  Come on now, this is a buffet, pulling off Michelin star cuisine while keeping the price under $30 is near impossible!  For what it's worth the quality of the food is still excellent.  It must be because this buffet still packs in the folks on a daily basis.  They are after all, the 1st buffet in Las Vegas to start the automated teller line used to pay for your food!I enjoy literally a little bit of everything from this buffet.  My fav is still the Asian section where you can get Chinese dishes made fresh, several choices of dumplings, char siu pork, and for dinner the ever popular roast duck (I have been know on occasion to snipe half the tray at first sight of it being put out).  There is also the great noodle bar, where you can get a decent bowl of ramen, pho, udon, or even some tom yum goong.  Me a like a de spicy!No, the sushi section is not Morimoto fresh but wow do those guys make a great teppanyaki.  I like the fresh veggies mixed with shrimp and beef topped with their great sauce.  I get a plate to share with the table every time.  Their gourmet pizza ain't too bad either, I always grab a fresh slice of two.  For those of you who are old school like me, you remember the pizza station replaced the burger, fries, and shake station that used to be there when the Carnival World Buffet was still in it's infancy.  True story!One reason I really like this buffet?  They make Reubens!  I like a decent Reuben sandwich.  I get one without fail.  Here's a tip though, ask the chef nicely to make you a fresh one on the grill because sometimes the ones sitting out under the warming trays can get a little dry.  Tipping is your friend!I could go on and on about everything I've tried here over the years.  There's American, there's seafood, there's Italian, there's BBQ, and oh the desserts!  Honestly, I love the fact the have fresh Bananas Foster always at the ready.  I top mine off with some vanilla gelato and I'm a happy camper.  Service here is quick, polite, and efficient because they move a ton of plates everyday!  Pricing is very reasonable for buffet standards in Las Vegas:Breakfast - $15.99Lunch - $17.99Dinner - $24.99Weekend Champagen Brunch - $24.99But wait, there's more!  Las Vegas locals are some lucky people because we get 50% off breakfast, lunch, and dinner, M-F and dinner on Sunday!  Cheapness is the bestest!  All you need is your Nevada ID and an empty stomach.  Don't forget, the Rio Carnival World Buffet is also on your list of the gut-busting Buffet of Buffets!  Eat on my friends, eat on.
4	Came here about four times. I read the other reviews and to be honest, I think all these other reviews are just expect way too much. It's one thing to be critical but another to just enjoy the food you eat. Life is too short to be worrying about each and every single bite. In my opinion, this buffet is great. I went on a Saturday night for dinner and it was 28 per person(including tax but not tip) in which my table included myself, my mom, and my dad. We all really enjoyed the food. The food was very good quality with a very wide variety. The only foods I didn't like was it's Mexican servings because it looked almost exactly like taco bell. But I don't come to buffet to eat Mexican food so everyone should leave their Mexican taste buds for outside the strip when you're intoxicated. When you're here, get the crab legs and shrimps. It's pretty dank and very fresh. Plus, it's a buffet, so get HOWEVER much you want! There's also a good choice of meats from sausages to prime ribs. All fresh and high quality as well. I wish I could've taken a picture but my hands were full as I was holding plates of endless food :) But to make it short and clear, the food is worth its value. Especially on the weekdays since it's less than twenty bucks.
5	RIO CARNIVAL BUFFET I LOVE YOU!!*** This is not be confused with the RIO SEAFOOD BUFFET ***This is the way to my heart! The crab. Oh the endless crab!!  My best friend and I ate crab, cake and margaritas for 4 hrs! The waitstaff was annoyed for sure, but we didn't care. We paid so we ate.  I will walk miles to sit and eat there. Which we did. We walked the backroads at least 3 miles. The desserts are amazing! So many to choose from. They are petite so you can eat a bunch of different ones. Then after being able to stuff your face, there is no better way to end the night at Chippendales.   I want to go back.Like most buffets in LV it isn't going to be cheap, but it is well worth it.
3	Was seriously disappointed with this place. Their only saving grace is their prime rib. In general, the food is too much on the cafeteria side. Sorry Harrah's, I'm a diamond member and it was nice not to stand in line, but It wasn't exactly a wonderful experience. The ice cream bar is nice though.
4	I came here before but this time I came for the Buffet of Buffets.My favorites include shrimp cocktail, snow crab legs (not salty), sauteed clams, beet salad, strawberry gelato, coconut gelato, mango gelato, double chocolate gelato. The creme carmel and creme brulee were way better here as compared to the Spices PH buffet. The creme was soft and silky and the brulee was nice and crunchy at Rio.They have really good American/southern, Chinese, seafood, Japanese and dessert section.The roasted duck and cha sieu is awesome.Somehow I managed to eat 8 plates in total. YUM-o!
4	DELICIOUS! So much variety, and great service. All for only 25 bucks! Just wish it were closer to the strip.. but then again, I'm sure the price wouldn't be as wonderful.The only thing I wasn't happy about, was that I didn't have enough room in my belly to fit more food!I'll be back next time, FOR SURE.
4	I come here for a few things in particular. (I must note I only come here when they are running a special, because I am a cheap local who doesn't want to venture into a casino except for a damn good reason.)Crab legs..peel n eat shrimp...gelato and the pick your own stuff Asian food. I can eat crab legs like a pro, and five or six plates in a sitting. No thats not a typo. I do NOT mess around when it comes to crab. I am pretty sure I have taken out a few generations of the delicious beasts at this buffet. I can sit all day and just peel and munch.  My sister loves to take me because she says it is like a magic show. :D Peel and eat shrimp, ditto.Now, this is a casino buffet that runs 25 bucks for two locals on special. I am totally not expecting legs nor shrimp like at the delicious Kings Fish House. (If they had all you can eat, me and them would be bankrupt.) I dont care if the legs are ginormous, or the shrimp are ginormous. Who cares? I can have as much as I want and I gots the time!! They are definitely comparable in size to Red Lobster at a fraction of the cost. I digress. I LOVE STIR FRY. It is one of the few things I have not perfected in my own kitchen, and so drool and salivate over it when I am at a buffet they have the make your own. All I want is a giant plate of baby corn, water chestnuts, bamboo shoots and broccoli.( Avoid the sushi next door. Trust me. It is so americanized it might as well have a Mcdonalds sign. However the Udon station is pretty awesome. )So when I go, I get a plateful of each of these things and get comfortable. Then I go for another round. Nom!  Gelato or two on the way out the door and I am ready to nap the day away.Also...it is busy and there are people everywhere, and the line is hella long. Pretty much always. Its one of the most famous buffets in Vegas...hold your horses man!
2	I have heard so much about the buffets from my wife and she said the buffet gets 4 or 5 stars, so I was expecting something really good.Unfortunately, I have bad news, most if not everything was sub-par, don't have anything to write home about. The only things I like from all these items were the bread pudding, a dessert and galeto that was about it.Don't get me wrong, the desserts look astonishing but they were too sweet for me and didn't really taste as good as it looks.The food tasted like from a fast food restaurant rather than from a high quality restaurant.Maybe is just me, but in my honest opinion, it just didn't wow me at all, it was just not my type of taste and quality.We went to Vegas for 4 nights so we bought the one day pass buffet. It did save us a lot of money vs. paying each meal individually. I like and appreciate the one day pass buffet cause it saved us a lot but otherwise the buffets we went to were just really really so so, don't know what this buffet hype is about .
3	Not as good as the Wynn. My beau love this buffet so I gave it a try and I must say its like any other buffet I can go to @ home (San Francisco). Dont get me wrong the food tasted good, but it just wasnt spectacular! Crab, shrimp, and pastas were good. I have to say I am highly disappointed with the desserts (I have a major sweet tooth!) I probably would not come here for a buffet compared to other buffets on the strip!
5	The most wide selection of food you can get at this buffet. This is my favorite buffet place to go to. They have the best service one can have. Offering free champagne to our table and very friendly staff overall. It is hard to find a buffet place where I would want to try everything and actually finish what is on my plate. I am very pleased to say that Rio did a great job with their quality of food. I would love to come back here to eat again. Once again, thank you for an enjoyable meal and a good time we had at Rio.
3	I went for lunch, thanks to the locals eat 1/2 price promotion.I have to say, the presentation is nice. TONS of selection to choose from.Pizza is from scratch & tastes like pizza (which many places have a hard time doing). The whole line looks clean & well taken care of.The service was great. Wait staff was attentive but not overbearing.With the food selection, I would hope to have a higher quality of taste. There really wasn't too much that stood out as "Man, I have to have more of this!" The clam strips & fried haddock were solid choices.  The meatloaf & salisbury steak had a freezer-burnish kind of taste to me. When I think of a buffet with a $18.00 price tag for lunch, I would prefer to eat things made fresh & not something that Sysco foods would sell & you reheat later. Pasta section also did not have anything too enticing on there. I would like to see a bit more of a fruit selection. Watermelon & cantaloupe get kinda boring. Even fresh pineapple would have been a step up.Desserts... gelato bar selection had some intriguing choice with Orange Dreamsicle & tiramisu. Did not see any toppings to add on. Also, there were some pies to select from, and some cannolis. I was hoping for some carrot or cheesecake. Neither were there.  The buffet is worth it for locals as far as price meets quality. I would not pay full price for this. Instead I would opt for the Planet Hollywood or M buffet.
5	I give it a 5! I went there for dinner. There were so many different kinds of foods (Asian, Italian, Seafood, American, Mexian, etc). The food was not only incredible (because I had tried all the varieties), I had the best waitress I've ever had, she was overly friendly, cracking jokes, and on-time, making sure we were enjoying our food.Although, the negative was it was off the strip.. It's definitely worth it. The positive evens out because it was only 15.00! Fun tip: Take the shuttle bus that goes from Harrah's to Rio, for free.. Every half hour! The bus only goes to those destinations back and fourth, so it's really great!
5	Amazing pizza, large variety of food, and a mountain of desserts. Pricey on the weekend (cheap on the weekdays) but worth every penny, makes you wish you had another stomach.
3	Ahh, I hate giving this place 3 stars because it was so amazing, but it's just not that amazing anymore.  =(I remember my first visit. May 99'. Saw star wars with other people in my AP Biology class because we had just crushed our test and then came here for some grub.  It was sooooo good.  The buffet was set up a little different back then but I remember thinking, how is it possible to have all this good food for such a modest price. I was only 17 and the Orleans was like the only buffet I had ever been to I think.  So I continued going to eat once in a while and it was good and good and good, and then it sort of got not as good, then not as good, and now its kind of like OK i guess.   Um they changed a bit of the food around and the quality isn't quite the same as it was especially on the desserts. I used to look forward to having something amazing for dessert but lately I'd rather pick up a slice of cake from the grocery store or something. Although the gelato, vanilla especially, is still worth going for. On a positive note, the amount and selection of food is unmatched I think,  and many of the items are still real good eats.  Also they have a special for locals that get you 1/2 off except on saturdays. Which puts this buffet into basically the local buffet price range and an exceptional deal.  They also have a bar in the buffet where you can get draft beers or drinks for a decent price. The service has always been great for me. I can't ever remember a visit where I could complain about service, I just wish they'd keep the food quality a bit higher in some places, but to each their own.  Definitely stop by and try it, especially if you're local, or got a local friend.
2	I was a bit leery to try a buffet...they are not typically my favorite places to eat - but what the heck the reviews sounded pretty good.  When we arrived I did have a bit of sticker shock with the prices.  It has been a long time since we were in Vegas so the price per head has definitely increased.  Luckily we were with some locals so we ended up getting a rather large discount...that was the good part of the evening.At first the waiter was pretty attentive, but after getting our first round of drinks and clearing a couple of plates he disappeared.  He was gone so long that we filled the adjacent table and the top of the pony wall with plates.  It wasn't that we were piggish, there were 9 of us.  When he came back his attitude was a little nasty and he ended up spilling the remaining contents of a plate on the seat where my nieces husband had been sitting.Now let's talk about the food...while it wasn't horrible it certainly was not great.  It did not live up to the reviews in the least.  In comparison the buffet on Carnival Cruise Lines would be 5 star...don't waste your money.
2	I've been to alot of buffets and this one was just "OK". They had a wide selection of food. anything you can think of they have. They had a good selection of desserts. Overall, the service was ok. the food was ok. Place was big, alot of seats and tables. Luckily it wasnt that busy when I was there.
4	Been here three times and every time was great. The roast beef is top of the line. It was perfectly cooked, with a pink red center, and crispy cooked outside. The crap legs were fresh, and sweet. It is great with a little butter or lemon juice. The soup and Chinese selection is great and the dessert bar is one of a kind. Definitely come here when your in Vegas.
3	This is my first 3-star, but I feel comfortable writing this 3-star review because I know it will not make or break them. I ate there this morning for brunch. I used my locals discount and normally they only give 50% off for dinner on Sundays, but because I signed up for a Total Rewards card, they gave me the discount for Sunday brunch anyway. If you're a local, it's worth it to get a Total Rewards card because you get 50% off any time Monday through Friday. Anyway, it was $58.35 for brunch for the four of us. For brunch, they serve champagne and servers carry around trays with champagne and mimosas.First off, I just want to say that their foods are hit or miss. Normally, I like to write out all of the foods and describe them, but since this is a buffet, you're either going to try this place or not, so I'll just categorize the food into great, pretty good, decent, and so-so.Great: King crab legs with butter on the side; the waitress, Carolyn, also had a desheller for me to use when she saw that I was eating crab. Cool beans...Gelato: they had many different flavors - strawberry, mango, orange, cookies and cream, tiramisu, chocolate, and more...Meatball: Make sure to choose the ones that are down below still in the juice, so that you get plump juicy meatballs instead of the ones that are on top which were dryPretty Good: Blintz with cheese inside, mashed yams, and criss-cut friesDecent: Roast beef - very flavorful but kind of rubbery when I had it but worth trying, cheesecake with white chocolate pirouette and whipped cream on top, fruit bar and salad bar, udon noodle soupSo-So: Pork chop, fried squid pieces, popcorn shrimpThere were many things I didn't try. They had sushi, a whole Chinese section with duck, pasta, rice, soups, and much more. Also, for drinks, I noticed that they do have a full alcoholic bar, but they charge you $3 or $4 per drink.This place is not bad for a buffet. If I'm feeling buffetish, I'll definitely be back.
1	You can't Google reviews for buffets and not read about the Carnival World Buffet at the Rio. It's about $25 a person. When we went the line wasn't very long. The staff was friendly and it's a pretty clean restaurant. Now... onto the food. The buffet is GINORMOUS. I mean I had to walk FAAAAAR just get some grub. There's a little bit of everything: carving station, american food, chinese food, japanese food, indian food, mexican food, etc etc etc... I mean there's probably something for everyone here.I... however... am the queen of picky eating. My mom swears she fed me everything as a child and she's not quite sure what happened to me as an adult... lol but anyway... I think the food is meh. As the Yelp rating goes... meh, I've had better. BUT... for ME... eek! Methinks not. Forrealz! Yes, they have a HUGE QUANTITY of food. There's no way you can eat everything... but the QUALITY, that's where the eek comes in. Poor quality cheap food with little flavor, too much flavor, or a weird flavor. That's the only way I can sum it up.You know when  you eat somewhere and you have to go to the bathroom afterwards? (I get that this is TMI, but I'm just keepin it real!)... well, this is the type of food that you'll eat, and then you'll be visiting the bathroom after. I'd much rather personally have a SMALL quantity of food to choose from so long as the QUALITY of it is high. Sorry Rio... been there, done that, won't be back. I heart the Bellagio buffet.
4	After reading about the BOB from fellow Yelper's, I knew this was the first buffet we needed to stop at. Like everyone else has said, this buffet is HUGE. My boyfriend and I definitely did a walk through first to see all that they had and then decided on what we wanted. My favorite thing here was at the Asian section, where they can cook up different soups. I loved the won ton soup. The Asian section was my favorite, but I liked the prime rib, teriyaki ribs and mashed potatoes as well. I'm sad that I didn't do the BBQ section, but I was too full by the time I went back by it. This buffet had the best service by far. They were very attentive, kept drinks full, cleaned up plates quickly and made sure we had enough napkins. With or without BOB, this is one that you should check out while visiting Vegas!
5	Great buffet. Every time i go to vegas I go here. Its great, plenty of food, great selection and good price. $25 per person. Not bad.
3	My husband came here in October, and couldn't stop raving about the food. He said it was almost as good as Bellagio. One month later, we found ourselves at the Rio for a few days, and I wound up eating here three times. It wasn't because it was the Best Thing Ever; it was because it was the best place to eat at the Rio. Anyway, the first time was dinner, then lunch, and finally breakfast into lunch over three days. I probably should've gotten the BOB, but oh well.I was pretty underwhelmed with dinner. Sure, the selection was huge. I was intrigued by the teppanyaki station, but I didn't try it. The salad station is tucked waaaay at the end, but nobody I know eats salad at a Vegas buffet. I sure don't. Anyhoo, I liked half of what I had, and really didn't like the other half. The fried fish, crab, and dessert was good. The mac and cheese became edible with some sriracha. Much of the stuff I didn't like was dry (chicken, corn dog, fried rice). I guess my husband- and the $29.99 price ($3 off with a Total Rewards card)- set my expectations a little too high. Despite my experience, I was encouraged to try it again, this time for lunch. What I had was better. Breakfast was the best meal there; I really liked the breakfast foods that I tried, especially the corn beef hash. Drink service was a little slow at times, but the staff was nice enough. While it was "a-ok" as the Yelp rating indicates, I wouldn't make a trip out if I was back in Vegas and staying on the Strip. Bellagio is still my favorite. If you do go here, try to get here before five. After that, the line gets ridiculous.
4	**Price**       - $15.99 Breakfast 8am-11am Mon-Fri       - $18.99 Lunch 11am-3:30pm Mon-Fri       - $26.99 Dinner 3:30pm-10pm       - $26.99 Champagne Brunch 8am-3:30pm Sat & Sun       - All the prices are with Total Rewards card. It's $3 more without.       - Locals with Total Rewards card get 50% off. Up to 7 guests. I believe this is everyday except Saturday.**Notes (Dinner Buffet Experience)**       - 4 Stars - The only reason I give this place a 4 star is what you get for the price (if you're a local). It's a huge variety of food for a great price.       - Not The "Village Seafood Buffet" - Don't get this buffet confused with the other Rio buffet on the other side of the casino (http://www.yelp.com/biz/village-seafood-buffet-las-vegas).       - Crab Legs - Their crab legs are a little smaller than other places. With that said, they're still good (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/FLMxWQO-ckCQmGZhU9OQgw?select=Dujfh1Qhx3BzbEL9vEQM7g).       - Asian Selection - They have duck, a couple popular dim sum items. Outside of an actual Chinese restaurant, it's really good.       - Prime Rib - I've had varying experiences. On average, it's a bit overcooked (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/FLMxWQO-ckCQmGZhU9OQgw?select=OPiuOSP5l7l3x7k5SNqzrA).       - Fried Goodness - They have fries, curly fries, hush puppies, clam strips, fried cod. My only complaint is the cod is usually a little dry.       - Desserts - They have your standard pies/cakes you see at most local casinos.       - Selection - This buffet has one of the largest selections to choose from. From one end to the other, of the non-repeating buffet aisle is quite a hike.       - Quality - On almost everything on the menu, I'd say the taste and quality is just average.       - Line - The dinner line starts piling up around 5:30 on the weekdays. The long can get pretty long so come early.**Recommendations**       - I'd only recommend this place to locals. $13.50 for a so-so dinner buffet isn't bad. However, I'd never pay $27 for this place.
4	This isn't that bad at all. In fact this might have been one of the better buffets in LV. Unfortunately it's freaking far away, across the highway. If you plan on walking there from the strip you might as well join all the dead animals out in the desert. This place is huge. The food I thought was great and the service was good too. They had everything that most buffets don't have, they cook food, make soups and noodles and much more. There's obviously Asian foods, because we all know a buffet is nothing without Asian food, steaks, and salad bars. There's a whole section for deserts, and gelato. You can mix all your gelato into one big pile of mess and some how it still tastes like cookies and cream with a hint of mango and strawberries.Think you'll consume too much calories? That's not problem! you can get your salad than walk a mile down the buffet to get your steaks, walk back half a mile to get Asian foods and than walk a quarter mile to your seat. Forgot that stir fry? That's ok, it's only a mile up from your table. You'll burn more calories than you consume just walking around.Here's a hint...go to Bally's casino and wait for the Rio shuttle bus to take you to Rio. It's only a 5 minute drive and doesn't cost you anything, maybe tip. Cheaper than a taxi and faster than walking.
3	I went for the Saturday champagne brunch, and the bottomless mimosas were wonderful (which is probably why I rated this at 3-stars). I don't particularly care for buffets, but this was alright. From where I was sitting, it was a journey for me to get my plateful of crab legs. Besides the crab legs and mimosas, nothing else really stood out to me.The buffet was kind of difficult to find for my friend and I, that security escorted us all the way over there, resulting in a work out before our meal.
1	Bullsh!t buffet!  Worst one in town. Cant believe all this food taste like crap
5	WOW, this place was massive, there was so many appetizing choices you can't sample everything, I only had 4 plates of food (including dessert) and I was full up to my eyeballs, you better be ready with some stretch pants when you come here, I came here for brunch and didn't eat the rest of the day.........
3	I would give this place 3.5 star rating if I could. Above average quality for buffet. Lots of choices, and even they had a lot of choices of asian food and dessert. Not worth the 1.5 hours waiting though, imo.
2	Hate it. Came here when I was younger and got food poisoning. Haven't came back for almost 15 years. However, I decided to give them a second chance last night. Albeit I didn't get food poisoning again, I found the food to be subpar - the service nonexistent - and the overall experience to be bleh. The only thing going for this place is the king crab legs. Hordes of Asian tourists line up for this. I will admit that to get this here for the price of $25-30 buffet dinner is aiiiight. But other than that, this place has nothing else worth eating. Many of the items were cold and/or bland. So surprising how the line is so unbelievably long for such unforgivingly nasty food. I pray I never have to return.
4	There are a lot of choices here - definitely one of the better buffets in Vegas. They have food from many different styles, hence the wold "Carnival World". The crab legs are very good. Good desserts too. Would recommend.
3	Not bad... not great but not bad.  We haven't been to this buffet in probably 10 years or more.What got us back was the discount for locals.  It's half price for locals with the players card, which was just $13.50 for dinner (the regular dinner price is $27 pp).  For $13 it was a pretty good buffet, for $27... I don't think so.Anyways, there is a great assortment from Chinese to stir fry to pasta to American to seafood. It is a huge buffet.  I thought the crab legs were really small, the shrimps were 'peel and eat' and the sushi was just sad.  Other than that, the rest was pretty good.  The highlights were the prime rib and the dim sum.  Also, we had great service.  As crowded as the place was, they did a good job keeping up with drinks and clearing plates.I'd go back for the discounted price.  But for the full price there are better options.  Bellagio and M come to mind.
5	This is the BEST buffet in the world.  PERIOD.  No other buffet restaurants compare.  Service is excellent, selection is superb, and the taste is SCRUMPTIOUS!  You'd be a fool to not dine here if you're in Vegas.
4	Despite it not being on the strip, it's worth coming here. I had the 24 hour pass to 7 buffets, and Rio just happened to be on the list. Since it's a well-known buffet , my family thought that we should try it out. First off, let me tell you that the wait for the buffet was ridiculous but I guess expected. It was so packed!There was an endless variety of food to suit all your needs and cravings. I'm telling you, if I wasn't so full from the previous meals of the day, I would have stayed in there foreeeveer.. So. Good. So. Much. Food.
5	In general buffet food can be very disappointing but this was a good surprise considering my expectations. I really got nothing negative to say about this place.  the service is great you can feel that they really care for their customers. They never let the empty dishes linger on your table fro too long and they always around when you need them.  The food is cooked nice. Nothing was over or under cooked and the selection is huge. Their gelato  is yammy.
3	Went to the Rio World Buffet with the Mom during our Big Trip to LV. We waited in line about an hour. The buffet was good (it was fun to eat sesame red bean paste balls, which I hadn't had since studying abroad in China) but nothing blew me away. Lots of folks seemed to be going wild for the crab legs, but honestly a plate of those things looks like something from a horror movie so I stayed away.I really like the gelato and dessert buffet. Finally... what is going on with the orange juice in this place? Literally every table except ours had at least one giant glass of OJ. Mysterious!
2	This place is super-overrated; it is not the "best buffet in Vegas." Sure, the variety is amazing, but the quality is merely average, and none of the food was extraordinarily delectable. I'd rather have just one ethnic food type and have them focus on it being extremely delicious. As the adage goes, quality over quantity. This is not a memorable experience. In contrast, I still remember my meal at the Bellagio buffet from a couple years back. It does have one redeeming quality, however: the dessert section.
1	I don't know if I will ever come back, but I will for sure never recommend this buffet to anyone. First we were quoted $18 per person over the phone and when we showed up, it was $32 per person. Then while trying to get seated, the hostess was terribly rude and rolled her eyes at me when I requested a table near my family members. We were finally seated 45 minutes after first walking thru the door and 2 conversations with the manager who really didn't seem to care about the issues we had encountered later, my appetite was pretty much gone, so I couldn't even really enjoy my food, so I give it a C in terms of food quality. The service though is an F-...and don't bother looking to management for any kind of empathy because all you will get is an attitude...but then again it shows in the staff.
5	This is the best buffet I have ever had. Soo much to choose from its ridiculous. This place is a must visit everyone I come to Vegas. I could never get enough of eating here with such variety and great quality you almost forget its buffet food
2	This is the second time I've been to this buffet and it will definitely be the last. The first time we were here we were actually pleased with the food, but once you try other buffet in Las Vegas you realize that this is not a good buffet. During our trip, we went to Spice Market Buffet at Planet Hollywood and the Village Buffet at Paris and these two are definitely better.The quality of the food is not worth the wait (lines are loooong) and the money. They have a lot of variety but the food didn't look tasty at all, not even the desserts. I would rather go to a buffet that offers better quality than a huge variety of food. You can definitely find a better buffet in Vegas for the same price...
1	It has been a family tradition that when my family (immediate and extended) go to Las Vegas (usually as a group), we ALWAYS make the Carnival World Buffet part of our food tour.  This recent trip was no different.  We arrived in Vegas on Monday and decided it would be a "fun" thing to do on our first night there.  Afterall, we were tired from a day of travel, and we wanted to just relax, kick back, and begin the eating frenzy.  Wellllllll, this was anything BUT fun, but it definitely was a HUUUUUUUGE frenzy.......but not in the way we had planned.Let's start with the wait...........we stood in line for NINETY MINUTES just to get seated.......otherwise known as an hour and a half.  The New Year's Eve / weekend crowds were GONE.  This wasn't about dealing with THOSE crowds.  NO.  This was about dealing with the epitomy of stupidity, which created a long ass line.  In the past, they had AT LEAST 5-6 lines open, some of which were actual cashiers, and other lines for using automated machinery, usually for those paying by cash or credit card, and maybe 1 or 2 lines extra for hotel guests only.  Well, guess what....... there was only ONE LINE OPEN FOR THE WHOLE ROTTEN MESS.  Here's the kicker, though.........we got up to the front of the line and discovered that if we had walked over to one of the partitioned areas, WE COULD HAVE GOTTEN IN RIGHT AWAY.  However, NOBODY TOLD US WE COULD, and it was partitioned off as if we should stay away.  Instead of the manager or another buffet employee staying outside and making occasional announcements (as most places would do) that there were the automated machines for cash or credit card, which would have moved the lines along MUCH, MUCH faster, they instead remained silent and let all us dummies stand there for all that time, not ever knowing it was available.  I was already tired from getting up at 5am, traveling 1/2 the day, and now add in my feet were killing me from standing so long...... I seriously didn't need any added reminders telling me my body is getting old.  At this point, I'm just pissed.That's not all, though.........for all 11 of us, there was a delightful table for 12.......we had our eye on it, seemed like the perfect place for us to park our stuff, but yet........it was not to be ours.  New rule..........for a group of more than 10, a mandatory gratuity of 18% was being added to the already higher buffet rate (than we remembered), and this was not the case 5 years ago.  Nor were we in ANY mood to have more annoyances thrown our way.  Yet, if we took a table for 5 plus another table right next to it for 6, we'd have our seats but without the mandatory 18% gratuity.  I think what irked us the most was when we spoke to the manager about the long lines, plus the lines that were open but no one knew about.......and his reaction was one of "soooooooooo???????"  Not an attitude you want to see when you're already pissed.Then we get to the food part.  I went here for two things, and two things only.....crab legs and peel n' eat shrinp.  That's it.  Part of the reason is because I can never get that kind of quantity anywhere in L.A. for that kind of price, and yes, I definitely ate my money's worth of crab legs and shrimp......but let me tell you......I had to work for every last bit of it.  The shrimp was definitely in need of being peeled, but why did I have to?  Why couldn't they have done it?  The crab legs that needed my cracking them, well, that was a real job.  My husband wanted no part of working at it, but I didn't mind........I wanted those crab legs, so I worked and worked and worked at it.  They brought me some plastic device to use because they were not easy to break apart, nor had the restaurant gotten the crab legs started for me.  I had to crack them entirely, and it was not easy.  Plus, there wasn't that much meat in a lot of what I got, and by the time I realized the larger crab legs were the meatier ones, I had pretty much finished.  I took my time, stuck with it, and got what I wanted.  I can't speak about any of the other foods (from everywhere around the world) only because I didn't try them.  I left room for dessert, tried a few things, and pretty much didn't like any of them.  Uninspired.  Boring.All of us decided, young and old alike, that our tradition of going to the Carnival World Buffet has come to a close.  We were so pissed off by how we were treated, how they really don't give a shit about moving their lines through more quickly, and how the quality of food has gone down while the prices went up....we figured that we don't need to go there anymore.  There are many other buffets around town that would be quite happy to have our business.......with far better food.
4	If I'm paying $40.00 for a buffet meal then it better be the best damn buffet meal that I will ever have on the face of this terrestrial planet that we call Earth!!!Sadly, it fell a little short of my expectations.Me and my cohorts decided to come here at the Rio for their dinner buffet. I didn't want to eat here due to the very hefty price tag but I didn't want to be a party pooper of sorts so I gave in. Call me a cheapskate, but for $40.00 that is easily a week's worth of groceries that I could buy for my apartment. The dinner was $30. My company did not want to wait over an hour in the regular line so we bypassed it and went to the express line for an additional $10 fee. There is a lot of variety here. Too many dishes to name. All of the food that I had was good, except for the alfredo. I didn't eat any of the desserts so I can comment on that.I made an attempt to get as full as possible, so I went back to the buffet an additional three times. Good food and possibly one of the best buffets that I have been to in recent memory. Just expensive as hell though.
2	Overrated.  I don't think this place is worth the wait or the price.  The food was good for buffet standards and it is huge.  There are literally hundreds of options, so any picky eater can find something they like.  However, when I'm in Vegas, I'd rather spend my time and money on a top chef restaurant.  Oh ladies, forget about going to the bathroom in there...one bathroom for all those women with like 3 or 4 stalls?  That has to be some kind of hazard.
4	The Rio loves locals, and I love their Carnival World Buffet. As a local, I consider half off the  Carnival World Buffet on weekdays, an awesome deal.  In my opinion their live Asian station's won ton soup is delicious, and worth the price alone. The shrimp salad was tops. Whether you prefer Asian, Italian, and whatever, there is a great selection at the food stations. Also, if you want to add beer to your dinner it is a couple dollars extra. For locals, who pay half price on weekdays, this is an outstanding deal. For visitors, who pay full price, nearly $30, you get more for your money than a Strip buffet such as Mandalay Bay or MGM Grand.  When my brother and I dined here at 4:30 yesterday, there was no line. Only an hour later, and there was a massive line.
4	So after arriving in Las Vegas, the first order of business was to determine which buffet to tackel before taking on the night.  After doing research on a bunch of different ones, we opted to go to the Carnival World Buffet. I have never been to this one before, but it had a champagne brunch offer, so I was completely in.  We cruised down to the Rio and waited in line for about 20-30 minutes, which wasn't terrible considering how long the line appeared when we arrived.  Upon sitting, David brought us champagne immediately and we started manhandling some crab legs, which is what we did for the next 3 hours.  Everything they had to offer was quite tasty and the different genres they offer gives a little bit of everything for everyone.  What was also cool was that if you bought drinks at the bar inside the buffet, they were only about $3-$4 each and every 30-45 minutes they do a $2 special of certain types of drinks for about 20 minutes, first come, first serve.  Overall, I would highly recommend this buffet to others and would definitely return here again in the future.  The only downfall was the server we received when David went on break, and he wasn't very friendly, nor as accommodating when it came to refilling out drinks.
5	5 stars for quality of food, not every hi-end restaurant provide that fresh and tasty food. It's the best buffet in Las Vegas I've been to. One crucial disadvantage - it's extremely popular and demand is a way over space and service abilities of this place, so if you're going to dine there from 5 to 7 pm be prepared to stay in a line for more than one hour. It's less people gathered for lunch, at 1 pm Monday we stayed for around 10 min a line. It's definitely worth to try.
4	If you want a good buffet, you gotta fork up at least 40 dollars.  If you want to get it cheap, you gotta be okay with crappy food.  I think that Carnival World Buffet meets that happy medium where everybody can be well, happy with.  For instance, a buffet on average is around 30-40 dollars anyway so people who complain about the price- go to the other 10.00 buffets and have yourself a grand ole time, eating their food and  try not to get their crab legs!  Their food- although not the BEST tip top quality- i think was pretty darn good.  Their crab legs were good although they were small, they had all different sections- italian, salads, asian (they even had a pho/noodle bar) desserts, carving board, seafood, etc.  There's a LOT of food.  The set up is really strange though and I had to navigate through tables like moses through the desert to get to the desserts (get what I did there, didja? didja?)  Anyways, we were seated far but it gave us an excuse to add in a little bit of walking time in between plates.  Luckily I wasn't hung over like my last stint at Cravings so I was able do me a good 3 plates with dessert and crab (I KNOW, I can eat a lot) as well as their unlimited mimosas.  What's funny is we (a group of 3 girls) came at least 30 minutes before a group of 3 guys and stayed there 30 minutes longer than them... yes we eat and drink a lot..Either way, I think you'll be happy eating here.  Out of all the buffets that are around 30 bucks, this is one of the best.  But I must say that the Wynn Buffet in my opinion beats this place out of the water.  So if you're already willing to spend 30 bucks on buffet, why don't you just go wild and add 10 dollars more and eat at the wynn. C'mon, you're in Vegas!
3	Wow.... the selections just go on and on and on and on.....a bit overwhelming, but in a good way. I stuck to the:Chinese food: Duck & BBQ Pork were good, but the dim sum was not. Next time I'll have to remember to stay away from it.Crab legs: They were good, but they were not warm. I prefer my crab legs warm.Gelato: MMM! The chocolate was the best. Mix chocolate & strawberry for a treat. Mango and Tiramisu were just okay.Service was good. Check in on foursquare for a $5 off coupon, which you pick up from the Total Rewards Booths.
3	This buffet has comparatively more variety than the other buffets.  Problem is you are going to have to pay a little more on average than the other buffets.  Also, this is at the RIo, so its a little out of the way if you spend only your time on the Strip.  (Free shuttle from Ballys)All in all a good choice.
4	Not bad,there's a lot to pick from
1	I rarely give one stars but this buffet deserves it... 'best buffet in Vegas' please -__- the variety was whack.. the food was gross, I didn't even finish a plate of food... I literally had to eat my moneys worth of gelato and desert .. it was such a hassle to come here and just to be disappointed, I was so sad. wasted a good 2 hours of Vegas time going to/waiting/eating at this place...
5	When someone asks me where I'd recommend to go for a buffet in Vegas, this is the first place that pops into my head. It's overwhelming enough to see how far from one end to another all that food is laid out and served. What makes it stand out is their crab legs. (Except, for some reason there weren't any when my friend and I went there on January 12, 2012 - it was a thursday) People pile them up in a cute little mountain on their plates! If they are a bit hard, there's always a cracker around, just ask one of the servers. Other than the legs, I couldn't get enough of the scallops in the deep fried section (they're my favourite), roast beef (which was cooked just right), fettucine, you name it. However, I'm quite the sweet-tooth so I prefer not to binge on entrees to save up on tummy space for dessert. If you're into dessert as well, you will not be disappointed. They have a whole area for it, even a gelato stand! My favourite was the tiramisu and chocolate where I'd sprinkle it with m&ms and granola afterwards. Sadly, I was sick the last time I went there so I distanced myself from the cold choices and stuck with their mini-hazlenut pies which were to die for, bread pudding wasn't bad either. Despite the price, (it would cost about $20-ish each on average but locals get half off - I think) you could count on quality and unlimited portions. 'Stuff yourself till you drop'! And if you're lucky enough to have a black hole in your stomach, you could try the whole day buffet pass for only about $44. That's unlimited food around numerous resorts' buffets for a day! (try searching it, i'm not kidding)
2	8 years ago this WAS one of the best. Just ate at the Rio Carnival Buffet Friday morning. Paid local (ID required) price for 50% off. $15.99 plus tax and tip for 2.Must pay with cashier. Machine will not do discount. Don't wait in wrong line. My expectations was for a $16 dollar meal. Not cheap for breakfast. Service was really good(nobody there). No wait today. Great right. No, food had been sitting. Old.  We got there at 10:30am. Breakfast was awful. No made to order waffles or pancakes. They did have omelet station. I had a egg white omelet with all veggies no cheese made to order. No wait. It was good but not great. Did not try the hour old packages or waffles. Had fruit instead. For the price I would give breakfast a zero. Cold, old food just sitting.  Lunch started at 11:00am. Shrimp(cold and fried) was good. Sushi was all rice and  left over from yesterday. Pizza was good from a wood fire oven. BBQ chicken was fresh right a 11:00am. Salads were good also. Lunch saved the day. Good but not great. Burgers, fries, onion rings under heat lamps. YUCK. This is why I gave a 2 star. But I would not have paid full lunch price. Pay before 11am to get the breakfast price. For $4.99 I would head over to Red Rock or Green Valley for Buffet. Just as good or a little better. Carnival World Buffet is definitively not what I remember from 8 years ago.
5	If you can get past the price, this is an incredible experience! We got discounts by joining the Total Rewards club ($3 off) and for checking in on Foursquare ($5 off), just show your check in at the Total Rewards Counter! Genius!Huge fan of the carving station! Prime Rib was off the hook. Ask for two slices, cause they cut them a bit thin. Also the mongolian grill pumps out some really great tasting stir fry. Also really enjoyed the gelato bar, so many choices! Not to mention the 100's  of other desserts in the case! GO!
4	Definitely a great buffet. So many choices that you become confused at one point. They have amazing crab legs, prime rib, shrimp, pasta, etc... They have so much food it's hard to remember. They also have an awesome Gelato bar! Just like any buffet in Vegas it's pricey but it's worth it. If you are staying at the Rio it's a great buffet to go to. However, if I am staying at any other hotel I would not come here.
4	This was very good, best gelato, and much to choose.  The asian soup station was delish, and the latin station was very good.Get the 24 hour buffet pass, you won't be disappointed.  This is kind of spendy otherwise and less of a value.  I'm not a crab leg person, but was impressed by the giant heap of crab legs offerred - this had to be 4 feet wide and several feet tall.  Now that's nothing to be crabby about :)
4	It's yummy, I liked it!
4	Tried this buffet for breakfast since we stayed in the hotel.  Pleasantly surprised with the good selection of items and most of it tasted very good.  Our server was pleasant and came to the table to check on us several times.  Be sure to show your Total Rewards card to get a discount.
5	With a large amount of family in town we went here for the champagne brunch they offer on the weekends.  I wish they also offered the locals discounts on the weekend, but sadly they do not.  (Around 25 dollars a head, Thanks Dad and Dad's wife.)  This time the entire buffet was open and the Asian and seafood stations were alive and kicking.  They even had the cash bar open with drink specials on display.  (Because, who doesn't want to get lit at 9:30 in the morning?)    Please trust me when I say I am a picky eater, yet there was not a food I tried here I couldn't stuff my gullet with.  Steak, yes please.  Mini cheesecake tins, I'll take two.  Kielbasa, oh yeah and thanks for cutting it up for me.  That fruit looks good, but wait is that an omelet station over there?  Mashed potatoes next to my taco, sounds just right.  The lady working the dessert bar was smiling on my third trip up and she was still smiling on my five year old nieces' eighth trip up.    The next best thing to this trough of gluttony is the drinking that comes with it.  The server was too kind to keep the refills flowing.  I really couldn't say how many drinks I had with breakfast because the glass never actually got empty, yet magically was full at every sip.  Over the speaker I heard blah blah blah four dollar pitcher blah blah bloody mary blah blah twenty minutes blah.  Up up and away I was to the cash bar.  "Bartender did I hear that right?"  "No, they are only three dollars".  Whoo hoo!!!  I walked out of that place with a big food baby belly and a really light head all before noon.
1	It's been awhile since I've been here but thought it was still worth mentioning. The food was old and dry and my meal ended up being comped after la cucarachamade its way across my table. I will never go back. Ever.
4	Crab legs ftw. But u have to know someone that lives in Vegas to eat in for cheap. Food is great and a huge selection as well.
4	I don't know why I haven't done a review for this place yet.  We've been coming here at least monthly for the last 2 years.As a local, I really appreciate their hefty 50% discount on the weekday buffets.  It's the not the best I've had in Vegas but it is the best I've had for the price.They have really good selections at their breakfast buffet.  An Egg made to order bar, and all the meats you can think of (ham, prime rib, sausages, links, bacon,  etc), fresh fruits, oatmeal, if you can think of it...they probably have it.  They also have non-traditional foods available such as tacos, burritos, rice, pot stickers and so on.Lunch and dinner are also quite enjoyable.  Once again, almost anything you can think of they'll probably have.  The hubby and I really enjoy the PHO they have at the Asian soup line.  Carnival World Buffet is the only buffet I know of that serves PHO and Tom Kha Gai.  They're both good but I add some extra stuff to my PHO to liven it up.  I add a good splash of soy sauce and stir fried veggies (fresh cilantro, jelapenos, bok choy, carrots, broccoli).  These items can be found just around the corner of the soup line.  Everything is good there.  We haven't had a bad experience yet.  I haven't experienced any bad service.  As a matter of fact they've gone out of their way to get me a drink they don't regularly have.  I was craving some iced green tea.  The waitress brought out some tea bags, hot water, and a cup of ice.  We love coming here for the food, the price, the service, our picky little kids and family get togethers.  ****But, if I had to pay the full price...I'd find another buffet.
4	I got to say, that this place is one of the best buffet in Vegas.  Located in the Rio Hotel and Casino.  Carnival World Buffet has a wide selection of food to choose from. From the usual American food, to Mexican food and Asian food.  There's something for everyone to enjoy.  They even have a bar inside for those who probably prefer a bloody mary with their food.  The dessert bar was nice, but I do wish they had a bigger selection.  I'll probably admit, the pricing is up there, but with the selection of food and all you can eat.  You can probably eat more than it's probably worth.  The food was decent, and seating arrangement were easy to get in and out of.  Overall, one of the best buffet in Vegas I've been to.
4	I came here for brunch with an old high school friend . It was foolish of me to think that I would get a locals discount on a weekend. The buffet is still worth regular price because there is a huge variety to choose from. I love the crab legs here because they are not salty like at some places. You have to use some muscle to yank them out of the ice because they pack them pretty tight!I also enjoyed their ( fake) crab salad because it had little pieces of mango in it. The mango wasn't too ripe so it gave the salad some zing. They also had sushi, lotus balls and some yummy tomato salad to name a few of my stand out items. I ended the meal with a creamsicle gelato.
4	I go to Vegas about once per year.  I go to the Rio Buffet about once per year.  This place is by far the best buffet in Vegas; and it's good enough that I force those that are with me to make at least one stop while in Vegas. For extra validation, a check-in on my Facebook profile resulted in  multiple likes and comments of jealousy from previous patrons.Whatever food you want, they have. Mexican, Italian, American Comfort, Asian, Stirfry, Sushi, Raw Bar, Carving Station etc.  My personal favorite is the MTO Stiry Fry Bar. How great is that?  And if at all possible, save room for dessert.  They have an entire bakery available along with a wide array of sorbets.  It's probably a good thing that I don't go to Vegas more often than I do, because in addition to the money I would be sure to lose gambling, I would probably gain an estimated 20-30 pounds due to the wonder of the buffet.
4	I go to vegas often and I do the 24hr buffet pass and I must say this has to be one of the best buffets I've gone to in vegas. Wide variety of food; from chicken wings, wonton soup, crab legs, popcorn shrimp, their carving station and their dessert bar. It's something kids and adults will enjoy. The reason I didn't give it five stars because the service is a bit slow and they don't have steam crab legs. I prefer steam crab legs over cold ones. But over all the quality of the food is great. Happy Eating!
5	This is the best buffet in Las Vegas!  There is so much to choose from!  I wish I could have tried everything but had way too much.  The line for the stir fry was long but worth it.  A must try when in Vegas!
4	For some reason I really don't like going here, I don't know, maybe its the line-up.  It is very big but its also very expensive unless you are a local (we get it half price most days).  Crab legs are too small, don't put them out unless they are worth eating.  I see too many people wasting the meat because they are small. the scallops suck too.  Its just a tease, make you want to go somewhere that you can get good seafood.  It is above average for a buffet.  LVH has a better quality buffet.
3	First order of business: the line. Only stand in line if you are trying to charge the meal to your room. If not, there are lines to the left where you can self-pay at a kiosk. We didn't find this out until we had already waited for almost 20 minutes. As for the food, typical buffet fare. I don't think I need to go into detail. Just remember about the lines.
5	I understand why this is consistently ranked among the best buffets in Vegas.  What a selection!  Everything I tried, with the exception of some weird chocolate pie thing at the dessert bar, was fantastic!  The pork egg rolls may be the best I've ever had.  The homemade gelato?  Oh so good!  I tried various pastas, chicken parm, fried rice, mashed potatoes, fresh carved kielbasa and ham, veggies, etc.  I had been to the Rio buffet once before but it is better than I remember!  Would definitely go again!
3	It was a 45 minute wait to get inside on a Monday night.  I didn't mind that since the variety there is a huge draw.  It's a very large buffet and worth the cost... even though ours was a comp from our hotel.  :)  I think its around $27 per person.Food was pretty good.  Prime rib was above average.  They have a huge amount of crab legs piled up if you're in to that.  I wouldn't touch the sushi bar by just looking at it.  The Chinese was good.  They speak Cantonese so that was a little fun.  I liked their calamari.  I first thought it was onion rings but squid is better.  Pretty much, whatever food you would get at a typical buffet, they have it here.  Food was above average overall but not the best I've had.I lowered another star mainly because of their efficiency.  We waited 45 minutes to get in but the first thing I noticed was that this place was only about 60% full with a lot of empty tables.  Granted though, I never had to wait at any station to get food when I wanted something but they could have easily accommodated everyone waiting.  Probably a huge short of staff that night.
4	Prime rib was okay in quality. Convenient bar in the middle of the buffet. Crab legs were fresher than the other buffets. Not bad.
4	not bad, but certainly not the best in vegas! this is where i began my journey for the buffet of buffets. our plan was to do dinner, breakfast, early dinner to get our money's worth. we got online on sat to wait at 6:15 and was seated a little after 45 mins of waiting. the cashiers had an attitude, we were seated and our waitress was nice. very good about refilling our drinks. the food selection was decent but i wouldnt say good enough to be rated one of the best buffets in vegas. the sushi was most definitely lacking, the asian station was decent, i loved the noodle station. the seafood was good too but i'm lazy. the cocktail shrimp was not peeled for you! the meats seemed tasty but i had no room for it! i didnt even have room for dessert!!!
2	I believe this is still the largest buffet in the world. It is absolutely humongous. The selection is almost endless. The problem, though, is with the quality and not the quantity.Essentially all the food here is the quality of a Bob Evans or Big Boy. In fact, it's like a buffet of Bob Evan, Big Boy, IHOP, Applebee's, TGIF, etc. etc. etc. It's an endless selection of very mediocre food. Is one Bob Evans not enough for you? How about 25 in a row? How about 10 Big Boys after you have had 25 Bob Evanses?I really wanted to like it because it was one of the first buffets I went to 15 or so years ago, but either I have become more jaded, my taste buds have become more sophisticated, or this buffet has deteriorated. Or a combination of the three. But I still love the Bellagio Buffet, so it's probably this buffet and not me.
3	I think my husband and I were looking for the seafood buffet and was mixed up. Food was good, but we were hoping for the seafood buffet.
4	Best buffet I've been to in Vegas.  They always have a ridiculous long line but they have a really large selection of food.  I feasted on the crab legs last time I was there.  =)  You def get your money's worth.
1	Where do I start... The Buffet, well how do I say this..We found a COCKROACH in the menudo!!!!! It doesn't matter how good everything else was, this brings it all to a big fat ZERO, since Yelp doesn't have a zero I left them one star which is the lowest score I can leave! We brought this up to the chef & never even received am apology or refund! Someone please correct me if I am wrong, but if there is one roach, there is probably tens of thousands?  I mentioned to a supervisor (Mr. Yoon I think) at the front desk & he told me to go to complain to the manager at the restaurant, yes he passed the buck! Never offered us refund! Poor customer service & very discussing experience to say the least. To make matters worse, they had a gang shooting in the parking level where our car was parked in which two gang members were shot by other gang members which cause the entire 4th level of the parking structure to be closed for 14 hours on Sunday morning. This was never mentioned to us when we checked out, they instead let us check out & carry all our luggage to the parking lot where we were told we couldn't leave for 8 hours. After googling the internet to find out more about this incident & instead found out this is not the first time this has occurred!Beware of this place, they are rude, dirty & unprofessional! They never even offered any type of compensation!!
3	The Rio buffet was my most anticipated buffet. I got the pass ($45 for 24 hr hour access to six buffets). We had a party of ten and got seated into a small room. First thing I got was prime rib, decent but not seasoned like it was at Paris buffet. One thing I enjoyed was the noodle soup bar. You can order udon, pho, Tom yum noodle soup and some others. I tried the udon which I heard was the best and it was. The Tom yum soup was good but they gave the super thin rice noodle which was slightly powdery. A good variety of food and there were crab legs and shrimp. The crab stuffed sole was delicious. Dessert bar was decent. About the same items as the other buffets, with the chocolate shell tarts (but these had fruit) and coconut cream pie. All in all, not a bad buffet but not as great as I had hoped. I liked the Paris buffet and planet Hollywood much better.
3	Good buffet, lots of ethnic choices.  A little spendy but totally yummy gelato.  No real bad good here,  but nothing stellar either.
3	5 buffets in 36 hours... Vegas baby! Yeah!2nd of 5 - the carnival buffet at the Rio.It's difficult to go to a buffet for dinner when you just had buffet for lunch, but I wasn't about to back down from the Rio buffet; even if there was an hour and a half wait time...Meat here was good. I liked getting prime rib here. The first slice however, was sub-par. I think I got the tail end of an old piece.  But after that, it was a solid 6/10 for flavor; 8/10 for tenderness and texture.Crab legs - I didn't eat any. They were ones you had to crack open with tools. I got lazy and stuck to the prime rib. But they have crab legs if you want to work for it.Desserts: their desserts were good, but no crem brule... If you like gelato, they've got that, but I wasn't too impressed. 5/10 here for desserts.Drinks - good standard array of sodas, hot drinks and teas. Nothing special.Service - excellent, but it might depend on your server. I had a really nice fellow by the name of Kevin. He's been working at the Rio for 20 years an he does a good job. I gave him an extra tip for his service. 10/10.I think the restrooms were on the outside of the buffet I don't remember.
3	We got here and the lines weren't too bad.  My boyfriend and I were able to go into the line where people w/ the 24 hour passes, etc get to go because my cousin & her boyfriend were in that line.  Anyway, there are a buttload of different types of stations here.  There were seafood, mexican, american, asian, italian, and I forget what else.  From the things I've tried, they're not great.  They're were okay.  The workers here are VERY friendly!  I love it.  I didn't get to try a lot of the stuff here though because I was extremely hungover... They also have gelato here, which I have heard are good.
3	This was the first meal of my group's Vegas trip, and it was okay. It did not blow our minds because of such awesome food, but was decent. We got here around 6 PM on a Friday and the line was not too long. About a half hour or less wait. We were seated quickly and ordered drinks. The buffet is separated into different types of cuisines - salads, Asian, Mexican, carving station, American, Italian, etc. There was a lot of variety, but the food itself did not look too appetizing. About Home Town Buffet style. The best things here were the gelato and the prime rib. The prime rib was pretty succulent and juicy. It melted in my mouth - was super soft ... that made the whole meal. The mashed potatoes, salad, sushi (they had salmon rolls too!) were pretty good. The crab legs - people waited so long for them - were all right. Because they weren't cut, you have to ask the waitress/waiter for a prying device to pry out the meat. Not very convenient, but if you like to work for your food, this is definitely for you. I watched as a man pretty much fished for crab legs. He stood there taking out all the big ones and by the end had two whole plates of the legs ... The popcorn shrimp was tasty! I loaded up on some Asian veggies, too. After that, I hit the dessert station. Not too much that's absolutely 100% delicious ... I do recommend the gelato (especially the strawberry sorbet and the orange! The coffee tasted like alcohol, according to my friends). I wasn't able to try the banana cream pie, but I heard it was delicious. There are random cookies, cakes, pies, but I was so stuffed that I couldn't really work up an appetite to eat anything besides the gelato and a fruit tart. :) Overall, not bad. I have heard that this buffet is the top three out of the six Buffet of Buffet's. (And if this is just A-Ok, the others aren't that much greater, huh?) For the choice of selection, it really isn't bad. I would have to say that this was my least favorite out of the three buffets that I ate at Vegas.
2	I went there for lunch, since i have heard about this place a lot and always wanted to go everytime i go to Vegas, so this time i went... i was not too impres at all, went there for lunch, and for 25$ i was expecting a much better quality of food and , there was only 3 kinds of poor quality sushi. if you like to eat chicken and just plain food .. i guess it could be ok, but i will not return to eat there.. not really worth it.
4	Been here three times now and will keep coming back. One of the best buffet values for locals and with coupons a good value for visitors.The prime rib is perfect every time, ask for a thicker cut and they are happy to give it to you. The crab legs are fresh every time I have been there and they have several types of shrimp. Something for every seafood lover.The Mexican food could use a little work, the enchiladas have been hard but they have lots of Asian choices and the American part of the buffet has always been delicious.And the deserts? Oh yeah! lots of choices with plenty of no sugar added ones for those who need it.The servers are not only professional but personal.
4	Rio Buffet has a savory taste for any tongue. From Italian, Japanese, Chinese, American, Vietnamese, you name it, they got it. I almost freaked out when I saw their pho station! And my mouth dropped when I passed by their gelatto bar. The only downfall, like with any buffet, is the long line. But this boasts all the flavors of the world, and where else in Vegas can you sample that amount of different ethnic foods all at one buffet? So if you're willing to wait at least an hour in line, you won't be disappointed.
4	Been here twice and I can still say that their coconut gelato is still YUMMY!!! On my last day in Vegas, my sister, friend, and I decided that we'll spend the WHOLE day here and we did. All together we ate about 400.00 bucks worth of food and our waiter or busser guy was really friendly and funny. I love how there is so much to choose from and that the same thing never gets old. I would totally recommend anyone to try this buffet! It beat's Bellagio's by half the price AND there are bathrooms! =D
2	I remember eating here a few years ago and paying as much or more for a very nice buffet. Yes it was lower cost and probably serving a broader demographic but just not that special.No complaints about the service but wandering from station to station, I was having trouble finding anything that really attracted me. Chocolate eclairs for desert and guarded behind glass until a server might part with one only. Hmmm! Maybe I will try the Seafood Buffet next time but not this one.
3	It's billed as the BEST AYCE buffet in all of Las Vegas, and if it weren't for just these two things, it probably would be:1. You have to wait FOREVER in line (and that's a problem for those with physical handicaps), and,2. It's too expensive for the average person.The food selection is HUGE, the quality of the food is terrific, and the staff are good, but those things are unfortunately offset by the long wait to sit down, and the amount of money you spend, for the privilege of dining there.But, by all means, give them at least ONE visit, and form your own conclusions.
1	Waited 75 minutes in line at 8:00pm despite at least 30 open tables visible.  Staff didn't seem to care and were laughing while standing around their work stations.  Expected the food to be worth it.  Ribs were tough, enchiladas were hard.  Dessert was good.  I will never go back.  Not worth the trip, even if you have the 24 hour pass.
4	I used to think this was the best buffet in Vegas.  I have since amended that judgment and prefer Planet Hollywood.  However, this buffet is still near and dear to my heart.  Carnival World Buffet set a model that many other casino's have copied with the international station.  First some background for this review.  I don't love buffets, just good ones so very few buffets will get 4 or 5 stars.  Why am I a buffet snob? Well, I like well prepared food and no matter how good the food at a buffet is, sloppy eaters and heat lamps inevitably detract from the taste of the food.  Further, unlike some who take piles of snow crab legs, I prefer food I don't have to fight with for a sliver of minor pleasure.  I also dislike the price-value.  The cheap buffets are usually poor quality and the good ones overpriced.  Not to mention that I have never spent less than 30 minutes in line for this buffet and that is on a good day.That said, why do I like this one?  First, if you are local, the price for dinner is 1/2 price, only $13.50 or so.  And you can bring in at least a party of 4 for that price.  Next, From the Sushi to the Sandwiches, this buffet matches quality and quantity with any buffet.  Plenty of chef stations keep the fresh food coming.  Even kids will load up their plates here.  The roast beef and Turkey were properly cooked with both med rare and medium pieces available.  The sushi was firm and tasty, not lukewarm or slightly fishy tasting like some lesser buffets.   There were some cleanliness issues the last time we were there but it seemed an abberation.Overall one of the best buffets in Vegas.
4	One of the biggest buffets I have been to. Not as big, not as good as the M Resort. They have a lot of great seafood's. I went on a Saturday night, so it was busy. The bright side is the line moves fast.
1	Evidently there is a live critter special because we found a big ass cockroach running around the sauces. We told the staff and they tried to smash it with a towel. A towel?
5	I went to the buffet with me family to eat the buffet that i told my other family member's you know we paid to get in $29 dollars *6 adults $21 per kid *7 separate checks what have you. I go up and the girl/host tells me i need to pay additional% because i have too many people with me. So she split us up. which is fine. but not at two opposite ends of the place. Otherwise meal was Good enjoy this buffet.
5	I love this buffet, it has a ton of food and its very good.   And I love it more because since i'm a local i get 50% off the regular price, You can't beat that.     Love It!!!!!!!
4	Better than any of the buffets I've been to so far but there's still room for improvement. Most everything was very good but there were a few bland plates. The sushi was good and the most impressive thing was a miso soup dispenser... However, the miso soup definitely needed salt!
5	This was our 3rd and final stop in the Buffet of Buffets tour and we saved one of the best for last. The Carnival buffet is still one of my favorites because of the huge variety of foods they have from one end to the other. My favorite that day was the prime rib. It was so juicy and tender, but the slice I had was a little fatty. Their selection ranges from seafood to different ethnic stations and a carving station.There was no line to get in since we came right between breakfast and lunch time that we could have walked right in. The buffet was not very busy since it was on a weekday and not the weekend. If you come and don't mind driving over from the Strip then this buffet is for you.
2	Over rated, over priced and over hyped!
4	As far as I know, and I lived in Vegas for over a decade... this is hands down the best buffet for price and variety. You may not like everything but you'll find things to fall in love with... Sushi, Prime Rib, many meats, ham, salads, pretty much every food that you can imagine they have here. They truly have something for everyone! There is also now a 24 hr pass though anytime I went here I only ate once. They didn't used to have that, I was stuffed after one visit...
4	Those that know Vegas,Atlantic City the buffets are where if you are on a diet STAY CLEAR !!! Rio is a place when you can loose your mind with cusine from all around the world.I tried tosample a litle bit of everything without over doing it.The crablegs are served cold and there is a mountain of them just waiting for you to crack open and dip into that sweet butter sauce. The Italian section I recommend the eggplant.I knew they had me hooked at the dessert bar when my Miami fav was there- Key lime pie.I lost my mine and so did they pretty ladie I hyoed up the pies to and we all sat around eachother with a "green" smile on our lips.Steak,ribrye asian section and of course,the salad bar was great with much flavors to sample. Hey when in Vegas stop by but the trick is go to one od those discount booths on the strip or check with your hotel for discount tickets for just about anything in Las Vegas because it's there if you lookI paid around $18.00 for my meal at Rio and the regular price is around $29,00 I think for dinner.What happens in Rio's Buffet stays in Rio's Buffet-E-N-J-O-Y-**,
4	I have a strong belief that buffets, as a whole, are disgusting.  There is nothing more unappetizing than looking around a buffet room at the people gorging their faces unnecessarily just because they can.  The massive amounts of wasted food can only be described as tragic.  With that being said, if you are going to go to a buffet this is one of the better ones.  The possibilities are literally endless with the pre-made selection of foods or the several build your own stations.  My favorite was the Japanese noodle area where I had stir fry customized just for me.  My husband's favorite was the gelato station where he had 10 generous scoops of ice cream in one sitting (yes, he was part of the unnecessary gorging I was talking about earlier) and that was after he ate TONS of food.  If you are going to do the Vegas buffet thing, this is the one to do.
4	As far as Vegas buffets go, this is actually one of the better ones and definitely a worthy stop if you're using the Buffet of Buffets offer that is basically unlimited buffets at all the Harrah's properties for 24 hours for $45. Most buffets have ice cream. This one has Gelato. Real sushi (not just "krab" meat California rolls)and a Miso soup machine that dispenses it like a coffee machine (it was good too)Careful going in the evening though, they can get a line.
3	Look forward to munching here! It has Great variety! From Vietnamese Pho to Japanese Udon to a Mongolian stand. Has Mexican, Italian, Japanese Sushi, American Prime Rib or Ham with all the sides and fixings. It does have crab legs but it's on ice (I like mine hot) so I didn't have any but they have a huge selection, pizza, salad bar, Chinese food - its huge! Food is good, prime rib was seasoned well and slices like butter! Sooo yummie!$30/per person so come hungry! It really deserves 4 stars but the line is ridiculously long! They separate "discounts" where you have service to "cash/credit" through a machine - you would think that the cash line would get priority over the discount lane since you are paying full fare for the meal but it is super long and no one there to help people that aren't used to these machines! They lose a star for that! Just painful ;(
5	My favorite option of the Buffet of Buffets. Pretty much all their food was good, but my favorites were the brick oven pizza, asian soup station, and the gelato (lots of different flavors!). They really do have food from all over the world. Being vietnamese, I'm surprised their pho was actually pretty good. The crabs were juicy and sweet, but I believe Spice Market Buffet is better for their crab legs.I'll definitely be back if I'm ever in Vegas again!
4	We did the Buffet of Buffets offer - unlimited buffets at all the Harrah's properties for 24 hours for $45. If you are a foodie this is the way to go.Gellato was one of my favorite things here plus the server was on par and good. They have a wide selection of items to choose from. I was pretty pleased with it. Since we stayed at the Rio (Don't do that and see my review on the Rio itself) we ate here a lot as it was close and convenient. It was not as crowded as the hotels/buffets on the strip but they do get a considerable line around lunch/dinner time. Worth the time to go here.
3	Huge variety for a decent price.It takes awhile to look at all the offerings of this buffett. It has your standard chinese, japanese, mexican, all american and italian choices you have come to expectThe line moves at a decent clip, so max 10 minutes.Their ice cream tastes betetr than usual, I might add.
5	Best ever have, lots of food and not like any other buffet with lots of blahhh food, their cooking is pretty good but what is more impresive is their desserts bar, they have the self-pay machines and make the line really fast, actually there's never line and they get you to your table in less than 5 minutes.All I can say is "FOOD IS EXQUISITE" "FAST SERVICE" YUMMY DESSERTS"
4	I came around 11am and there was no line at all! I had a party of 4 and the total price was only 41.00!! Locals discount. There is soooo muchhhhhh fooood!! I believe I spend more time looking at the different varieties of food then eating it lol. There's something for everyone. The sushi was good and fresh but there's not much sushi types to chose from. There's all sorts of different types of food though , Asian, American, Italian, Mexican, etc. Has a noodles station and the pho was delicious. This buffet is the best buffet I been to thus far!! And on top of that, Our waiter was so friendly, helpful and nice. He. made sure our drinks were always filled. I would come back here any day. It was truly the best buffet I had since living in Vegas.
5	For its sheer size alone this is a great buffet. The size does not subtract from the quality. I have been for breakfast and dinner, and both are a great value. Try the Peking Duck!
3	This was my first time ever eating at a casino buffet.  I was really hyped up and excited to try this out since it looked so very big and gourmet.  But unfortunately, the tastes of most of the foods did not live up to their looks.  For the foods that did taste good, it was because they were drenched in oil/butter and/or loaded with cheese.  Even for a huge appetite like mine, I thought this place was a little pricey considering the mediocre quality of the food.
3	Ate there twice last week on our trip to Vegas. We were staying at the Rio, so it was conveniently located for us. We had dinner one night and was pretty happy with it considering it's a buffet.  One of the better buffet's I've eaten at.  Prime rib was good. Not as good as house of prime rib in SF of course, but better than any other buffet I've been to.  Mashed potatoes were real chunky mashed red skin potatoes if that gives you an idea of what to expect.  If you want a $50 dinner at a nice restaurant, then go there. If you want a buffet meal with great food - come here.There is so much to choose from, you can't even consider trying it all.  something for everyone, which is always great with a group.We had a late breakfast on our last day in Vegas, here and it was delicious.  Lots to choose from and the hostess pointed out to us that they'd be switching to lunch in 30 minutes and that we could stay as long as we wanted and have both breakfast and lunch choices.  Probably the only thing I wasn't thrilled with were the waffles. They looked great but were just kind of blah.  Everything else was great though.We would come back for sure.  If you like buffets, you'll love this place. Lines were really long for dinner, but for our late breakfast at 10:30 it was only a few minutes to get in.  I'm not sure what lines are usually like. The world series of poker is going on there right now and could be why the lines were so long for dinner.
3	Variety wasNice but it seemed like this place is quantity over quality. The crab legs areSo, soSkinny andCold. They have them all stacked so it looks likeASkinny crab legBush. When uCrack themOpen, the meat has been sitting in the pile for so long that its almost stuck to theShell andDoesn't comeOut as a nice piece of crab meat ( as it should ) instead the come out in strands or pieces of strands. No Bueno. But.... Their prime rib was very flavorful and the gelato was wonderful. Service was good and they have a huge selection but at times some of the dishes reminded me of that scene in Vegas vacation.
4	This is the best buffet that is part of the total rewards group.  There is so much food to choose from and the quality and taste is pretty good for cooking mass quantities.  The major issue with the buffet is the amount of time it takes to get to the buffet they need to work on opening more cashiers and look an a better efficient service.
4	$30 for adults even though the sign outside says $21.99. This price also includes bottomless mimosas. The line is never long and you pay through a machine to get in.The best items in the meat section were the prime rib, bacon, and bacon bits. The best desert item was carrot cake. Don't get anything red velvet-flavored. The best breakfast item was egg florentine that gushes with butter.
3	Tip: Sign up for Total Rewards to get discounts on the meal! Weekend brunch is usually $30 per person, but it lowered the price to... I forgot. At any rate, you get a discount with the Total Rewards card. And endless drinks and mimosas! On Sunday, come a little before 12 because when we left around 1:30 PM, the line became much longer. When we were there, there was no line to speak of. Really loved:country fried steak- so soft, and not overly salty!fried fish and fried shrimp- rich and freshshrimp- easy to eat, deliciouscrab legs- may be skinny and small, but the meat is sweet and the meat is not that hard to get to.cheesecake- I wish I grabbed another one.bread pudding- I accidentally put a slice of country fried steak on top of this, and it was surprisingly very good together. Avoid (this list is short, no worries):red velvet cake- yuck. Not special in any way. Save the space for something else. But seriously, this was not very good. That's ok, because most of the other desserts were pretty good, but I felt like I needed to say something about this.Salisbury steak- too tough. I couldn't eat it at all. Some things, like the salmon sushi, were just okay. They have a very small selection of sushi. In fact, their selection of Asian food was pretty laughable. I've also eaten here in the past, and I noticed that as you get your mimosa refills, they tend to get stronger and stronger. I only had one this time around (because I had a long car ride back to the Bay Area right after).Make sure to grab a cup of gelato on the way out.
3	This was a really solid buffet that had a lot of options. Good breakfast fare and lunch options. I do wish there was more fresh fruit and cereal. The gelato was excellent!!Avoid the mexican food...
3	If you're coming here for dinner, be prepared to stand in a LONG line. The food was OK, and there was certainly a lot of it, but I didn't think it was worth the hour we spent waiting for a table.
4	Had our vegas reunion and ended up coming back to this buffet! Even though it's a little off the strip, it is totally worth the taxi trip out here. I would have to say this place is one of the best buffet places that I have been to! There is SO much selection!!! It never fails to overwhelm me :)I would recommend coming during dinner because the food is so much better, don't even worry about the somewhat high price they charge (I think it was like $30-40/person) but you will not be disappointed!! My personal favorites...CRAB LEGS! and the Prime Rib!!! The asian and mexican sections were good too. There's really not much to say but the fact that this place got us to come back says enough!If you're in vegas, you definitely have to try this buffet at least once!!
5	Need to update this to remind myself and others how spectacular this buffet is. It is still my #1 buffet. To elaborate a little more from my last review:-The staff here are so friendly and attentive, more than any buffet I've been to. They clear your plates so fast!-Geez the food here, thank God I got the 24hr buffet pass because I could not thoroughly enjoy everything in one dining period. HUGE selection, all very tasty.-Prime rib to die for!-sweet crab legs and huge selection of seafood mmmm...-great variety of ethnic foods-superb desserts!!! loved the gelato, pies...AND BANANA FOSTER.Get the 24hr buffet pass and eat to your heart's content. I taxi'd to Rio just to eat here. It is so worth it.
5	If your ever in the mood for Seafood this buffet is the best.  You get all kinds of seafood cooked every which way. When I have family and friends come into town this is one place I have to take them. I suggest you get there early because it is very popular.  The service is pretty good considering how busy they are. If you are local make sure you show your local ID.
3	For locals you really can't go wrong for the price. Standard buffet food but at least their prime rib is cooked medium. There's nothing insanely good about this place and the desserts are just ok. If you're planning to pay full price I would recommend M Buffet or maybe Spice,
5	The Pho here never fails me!! I Loove their selection & food! Sunday brunch was awesome!!!
4	I normally "hate buffets" just because by the time you get your food back to the table it is cold. The carnival world buffet is really good with lots of variety of food. the dessert line is Amazing!!!! the service is extremely on top of getting your drinks and clearing off your plates away. it is the biggest buffet i have ever seen. you will def. not leave hungry!!! It is worth a trip if your looking for a variety of food before leaving las vegas. i do not like to experience new buffets just because of food being cold so i tend to stick with the carnival world buffet and i really enjoy going and eating here. they have so much food from pastas, salads, fried, chinese, mexican, seafood, american etc it is all there
1	The food was just OK, I saw a LOT of cross-contamination.  I get it, it's a buffet, but the cooks took it to a whole new level with using the same utensils for EVERYTHING.  I also saw a server pick up trash off the ground, then fix desserts with her hands without washing/changing gloves.My husband asked for a crab leg splitter, and the waiter pulled out one from his apron that had food stuck in all the cracks.
5	The best buffet in Vegas hands down. I have been to just about all the buffet's in Vegas and most of them have lots of food and a great price, but most of them the food is reheated and poor tasting.The Rio Carnival World Buffet is the best. Food is always fresh and hot. Best value. I recommend going for a late lunch so that you can sneak a coupe of bites of the dinner menu without paying the dinner price.The selection is top of list. Did I say this was the best value in town for the price.
4	This place is ridiculous. I was trying to find my other stomach to fit all the other food I couldn't try because I was so full. I think they make this place so huge just so you can burn some calories. One of my only critiques is that I think each side should be balanced with the same basic items like salads & soups. I went from one side to get lettuce then the other for mushrooms, etc. Also the line for dinner is cArrrazy!! I was able to play a few slots while our other party waited in line. Some of the asian foods didn't fare as well as the pastas & prime ribs..but overall I would definetly come back the next time I'm in Vegas.
4	My family tried this for breakfast and enjoyed everything we tried. Huge variety and even had crablegs for breakfast. Everything was hot and fresh tasting. Tried the 24 hour pass and def got our monies worth!
2	Ugh...This place made me pee from my butthole...I didn't like this buffet at all...I dunno...Even though there was so much food around, I didn't feel like anything caught my attention or made me want to eat it.  The meats were overcooked, everything was fried or covered in gross batter, and a lot of stuff had like barbeque sauce or a tomato based sauces on it.  I literally had more gelato than i did food.  That's the only good thing I somewhat liked.  "Somewhat" is the key word there.  I didn't even eat that much here and yet I felt so gross and sick afterward.  blah no me gusta (I especially hate buffet sushi...wtf...what's the point?  I always wanna give them a chance and I get some and it makes me vomit in my mouth.)ps.  I've had better food at Hometown Buffet, and that's just sad...
4	For what you're paying for this buffet, it is well worth it.  The quality isn't as good as that of the Wynn or the Bellagio, but it is still better than many other buffets, like Circus Circus.  However, it cost about half as much.  Its location is a bit out of the Strip; however, there is a shuttle that you can take from Harrahs to Rio.I had a buffet of buffets pass, and among all them I tried using the pass, this is by far the best.
5	This place has stepped it up from the last time I've been to Vegas.  Nice, new, clean look with amazing selections, even at 8 in the morning.  The food is fantastic.  purchase the 24 hour pass for $45, it's worth it!
2	I did not like buffets - I STILL DISLIKE BUFFETS after going to Carnival World Buffet!This is supposedly the best buffet in Las Vegas! OKKKKK....According to my BF this buffet is better than a Hometown....but when we left he said the quality went down. Way down....There are several areas which serve Asian, Mexican, etc. food.The pho was pretty lame. The meat was not even close to what it is supposed to be like and the guy served me flat noodles! Yes flat noodles for pho!?!?!?!?! The broth was ridiculously mediocre. The dim sum was dry around the edges. The Chinese Broccoli was too salty....The fried rice was OK. The BBQ pork was OK. I did like the seaweed salad which I added some tofu to.The Mexican style rice was good but not authentic. The cilantro sauce tilapia was the only - I repeat - ONLY good thing I ate there that day!The steak my boyfriend ate was not too bad either.The BBQ pork ribs were cooked well but the BBQ sauce was just a sweet flavorless sauce.The dessert section was the best thing. However, the pies are placed on small individual plates. It would be better if you could use a spatula and serve as many slices as you want onto a large plate - especially since they are tiny! The cherry pie is good but the crust was poor. The ice cream was mediocre.I will never go to another buffet in my life if I can avoid it. If Vegas buffets are supposed to be so great it frightens me to think of any other buffet out there.However, I have heard that the more expensive buffets at The Bellagio are way, way better. Who knows? It must be said though that those buffets are in a different class. They serve kobe beef for example.
5	#1 buffet in Vegas! Lots of selection unlike the other buffets around The Strip. Great price for great food :) Best value!Loved the steak, seafood & desserts! Will def come back when in Vegas.
5	This place is one of those places you have to go when you're in Vegas. They probably have the biggest selection I've seen anywhere and they have a wide variety of food. I've only been there for dinner. I suggest you get there early because after 6, the line gets super long.
3	I have had better buffet for less money. Crab legs are tasteless. Not worth the long wait.
2	The buffet used to be really good. I used to love this buffet. I mean, its ok.
4	When you go to Vegas and you eat at buffets, you generally find that they're all nearly identical with each buffet having its own "it" factor. What makes this place stand apart from other places is the service and the served ice cream. Unlike other buffets, the service here was so friendly. I was unfamiliar with using one of the tools to eat crabs and I asked our waiter and he kindly showed it to us. He didn't just describe the process, but he literally got his hands dirty and showed us how to use it. To me, that's great service. He didn't have to do it, but he did.The food overall was good, and you can't really say it's the best, since there are reigning champions like the Wynn and the Belagio. But for the price, this price is pretty good. And if you get the Buffet of Buffets deal ($49.99 for your choice of 6 buffets, within 24 hours, but you can get a discount for $5 per person if you join the total rewards member. This brings your price down to $49.99), this place is incredibly cheap and it is worth going. Out of the 6 buffet choices, I would say this is easily one of the better ones. Don't even attempt going to Imperial Palace one...That one is a little iffy (even though that was our main hotel, heh). Would I come again? YES. But not for the given price however. I will most likely do the Buffet of Buffets deal again. Much better deal and I can pig out and eat all day if I want to.
5	This place is amazing! There are so many choices of food from different world cuisines. I came here on an empty stomach and left ready to blow up with all the goodness I ate.Our waiter was very friendly and constantly checked up on us for refills and used plates. I will be returning..but maybe not for a year or so, I might still be full from the last time I went.
4	Good buffet for locals when you are having a craving for crab. 50% off for locals. Quality and selection are alright. The staff is friendly and place is clean. Line can be long on Friday nights. Definitely will come back here again.
3	We were not impressed with the dinner buffet at the Rio.  The buffet offered tons of choices, I don't think we tried even a fourth of what was available, but  none were dishes worth going for a second helping.  The only exception to that was the steak with mushroom sauce.  It was thin, but tender and had a great beef flavor.  My daughters were not impressed with any of the child friendly items and ended up eating a lot of shrimp.  Hey, they have protein, but not worth the price of admission.  The crab legs, which they've enjoyed in the past, were very small and not worth the trouble of eating.I can't quite remember what I tried (which tells you something).  I know the prime rib was OK while the chicken parmigiana tasted like chicken nuggets (yuck!).  The pork ribs were tough, the beef ribs were better and had a nice BBQ sauce.    I can't remember anything else.The desserts we tried, OTOH, were uniformly good.  The kids loved the gelato, and I enjoyed the cheesecake and flan (though dig in for the caramel as otherwise it's not sweet enough).  The one disappointment were the eclairs, as tends to be the case in most buffets.In all, I wouldn't go back to this buffet.  In particular given the wait - 45 minutes on a Tuesday night in July.   People who are paying full price (not using coupons or the Buffet of Buffets deal) do get in much faster as they have an express line for them.
5	Ok just based on sheer size alone this buffet takes the cake, and the prime rib and the crab legs and the Peking duck, I think you get the picture. Don't worry about the extra calories you are downing here, you will burn some of them off walking from one end of this behemoth of a buffet to the other. The variety is unreal, and everything is tended to so there are no steam pans with one withering shrimp. Everyone must try this once. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
2	Came here for the local deal, 50% off. Though, this seafood buffet is among the cheapest I saw in Vegas. It offers a lot of varieties of different cuisines which made the buffet look very large and interesting. I didn't even have the time to go through everything. The service was decent. After 3 hours eating from this buffet, my stomach reacts to a harsh pain. I'm not sure what happen to me. My boyfriend who ate here didn't have the same reaction as me. Maybe I just have a weaker stomach to sustain certain things they have in the food, but again this is my first time in years having this food poisoning feeling. To prevent any pain to happen again, I would not come here again. Sorry!
5	I don't know why there is such a big fuss over the Bellagio buffet. I would choose this buffet over the Bellagio any day, any time. I came to this buffet twice during 2 different years and came out of the buffet feeling overly satisfied. I'm so disappointed this buffet is all the way in Vegas and I'm in Seattle. I'm probably going to have total fat girl dreams about the Rio buffet for months.I'm pretty sure everyone's favorite part of the buffet is the all you can eat gelato station. I stayed at the Bellagio and my girlfriend and I got a small cup of gelato for almost $5. Here, you get the same size almost and you can eat as much as you want. EFF YEAAAAHHH!! This buffet has a really good selection to choose from, as well. My mouth is literally watering while I think of the mac and cheese and ribs I had. Ugghh!!Compared to the prices of the other buffets on the strip, this buffet is a pretty good price with an amazing selection. You can make your own tacos, have some Asian noodles and Pho made for you, get some seafood, make a little salad, have some southern / country style food, you name it!I'll just end this review by staying this: If there is a buffet you HAVE TO / NEED TO / MUST GO TO in Vegas, it needs to be this one. You won't be disappointed and there's something for everyone!
3	This buffet wasn't the best but it was good. Some of the food was really hit or miss. I tried a couple bites of everything but the sushi. The long lines and food tastes really make me pause to think about returning here again.
4	I think out of the buffets I tried in vegas, I would have to say that Carnival World Buffet is pretty good. Yes, there was an hour wait on a Sunday afternoon, but if you have a rewards card you can save $4 a person up to 6 people and it's free for the card. I would have to say their selection was great, they had a little bit of everything and everything was pretty good. I have to say props to the crab legs and prime rib. Also, free mimosas on Sunday Brunch, included in the price.
5	I think the line is always long here... That's a sign that the wait is worth the food!My parents always come here for lunch and dinner. I want to start off by saying these are the foods that are the best here:1. Crab legs (dinner)2. Shrimp3. Prime Rib (dinner)4. Smoked sausage (only lunch)5. Crab wrapped in sole (dinner)6. Catfish7. Udon soup8. Dessert (all of it)For the locals 50% discount, you have to come here and eat! The 8 listed above make for a worth while lunch & dinner!
4	First thing's first, Rio's Carnival World Buffet is one of the best buffets in Las Vegas! I really love how they have a great variety of food that you can choose from. I believe that they serve the greatest number of food out of all Vegas buffets. All the dishes are wonderful to eat; I would eat all of them if my stomach can handle it. The taste is always delicious. I don't think I've experienced any bad taste from this buffet. It's really fitting and worth the 40 min - 1 hour wait. There are a few dishes that are really good here! I would like to point out a few.Crabs, shrimps, orange chicken, fried sesame balls, the Italian food (esp. the pasta), and the toasted turkey. For dessert, just try all of it! However, my new favorite has become the flan that they added. Their gelato is fantastic as well, but I'd prefer the gelato at Caesar's Palace. Good place. Good dinner. Good service. This one's a keeper.
4	I can say that its not as good as it use to be but it's still one of the best buffets in LV. Great selection of food and they serve great soup from various asian backgounds, LOVE PHO and it was not bad. Great for locals!!!!
5	One of, if not the best buffets in Vegas. The lines, however, are always incredibly long. (Lucky for me I always go with a diamond club member which means I get right in). The buffet has everything you could ever want and it's almost all delicious. Just make sure you save room for the giant dessert bar they have!
3	I thoroughly enjoyed this buffet only because there was such a wide selection. I mean when they say world buffet they mean it. I tried the prime rib and crab legs...both were ehhh compared to the buffet at Aria. The crab legs were just so difficult to eat with those stupid claw tools that don't even work. They had a wide selection of asian food but a lot of the flavors were a hit or miss. I had a whole bunch of different stuff..and looking back I don't even know how I held all that food down. Nothing really wowed me in flavor wise because it was like mmmm there's something better than that. Dessert was probably the best part. The mango sorbet was bomb and the pies were delicious. Sundays you get free  mimosas which is included in the price. -Give it a try, when you leave vegas since it is off the strip.
3	I liked the sushi and the girls loved the crab they ate a ton. But everything else I grabbed was not so great. The sherbet and gelato was cool.
2	They offer a good variety of food and most of it is OK but nothing is really good. The best thing I had there was the Wonton Soup and it was not the best I've had by a mile. I did go for lunch so maybe the dinner buffet is better but I would avoid it as the Chinese Restaurant is much, much better than this and with less people.
4	This buffet is amazing. I've been to a lot of countries and almost all 50 states and have never seen anything like this place. Words cannot describe the food selection and how many ethnicities they represent. This place is worth every dollar and you will not be disappointed. If you leave vegas and don't stop here you missed the boat. The only down fall is the long waiting lines. They do however have a nice hustle going on where if you pay an extra ($10) you can get like a speed pass to jump the line. Also you can get a 24hr pass for about $50 and this is good for multiple buffets and different locations which include Harrah's, Paris, Flamingo, and a couple of others. That is truly a very good deal the only down fall is after eating here no need to try the rest of them because it just won't compare.
2	Huge disappointment! Unfortunately this buffet did not satisfy. The seafood was far from fresh and other cuisines were very poor quality foods. At $30 per person, you're better off to save a few bucks and find a Golden Corral. So sad.
4	One of the better Vegas buffets in my opinion in terms of variety. The choices are endless and the buffet seemed to go on for miles! Sometimes when there are too many options, the quality suffers, but that is definitely not the case here! Good food and many choices for your different cravings.
4	this buffet will always be my favorite. it has everything sans the long waiting in line.
5	It is a must go if you are in Vegas.It puts Golden Corral to shame! This buffet have everything you can imagine. Prime Rib and Crab Legs( Pre cracked) .Asian section( PHO!!!  Everything American.Desert section to Die for .  Cons!! The lines can be long after 5pm. About 1 hour wait. The Price is a little steep if you are not a Total Rewards Member so get the free card in the casino even if you are not gambling  to save 5 bucks off. Pros Something for Everybody!!
3	Tons of options, but the quality is suspect.  When it comes to food, quality over quantity is my mantra, but at buffets, it's hard to stick to your guns.  There are hundreds of food options during dinner, and it'll take several rounds before you're able to get through everything that's offered.The crab legs were snow crab, not king crab, so that means less meat.  The shrimp cocktail and popcorn shrimp were good though.  The dessert bar was a joke, not even the gelato could change that.The asian food was pretty good though.  I found myself going to that section more often than any other section.  You can't go wrong with deep fried pork belly, chicken curry, and stir-fried vegetables.I always skip on potatoes, bread, and rice at buffets.  They are needless fillers and take away from future opportunities to try things like medium rare roast beef or that extra plate of crab legs.The buffet at M Resort is still my favorite...
2	It's pretty pricy for the crappy food, they have a bar, so you pay extra for the alcohol, I don't really have much to say, it kinda sucked to be honest
2	I personally think its a little pricey for a buffet that taste like any other buffet,don't get me wrong I like it,the selection is wide ranging,with the different foods from various countries,just wish it was a little less expensive
1	It was really pricey considering the food was pretty awful. Yes you have a ton of options but it is all pretty unhealthy, rarely very fresh-tasting, and generally pretty low on quality. The crab legs were awful. The prime rib sucked. The Asian food was pretty much what you might get at an average takeout place. Okay so there's gelato. The dessert bar wasn't bad. But nowhere near worth the price of admission. I like the idea of a bar in a buffet but that was priced extra. I'm done with buffets in Vegas. Just go to Lotus of Siam and call it a night.
4	One of my favorite buffets in Vegas. It isn't cheap, but it isn't Wynn Buffet expensive either and they have one of the largest selections of diverse foods you could hope for. This place and the buffet at Paris often have the longest lines in town, especially on Saturday and Sunday mornings/ early afternoons but it's worth the wait. Nurse your hangover with a great spread that includes omelet and carvery stations, Mexican, Chinese, Italian, Japanese, French, and American cuisine, a desert section with fresh Gelatos, and a full bar offering hourly drink specials. The quality is pretty decent for everything, though you won't have your mind blown by any means. This place is about quantity first, but decent food at a very high quantity. There's a reason that The Rio's Carnival World Buffet is one of the most popular all you can eat options in town despite its distance from The Strip. It's worth the trip, price, and wait.
1	Service was great and the prime rib was really good. They had a wide selection but overall it was overpriced and I will not go back. i prefer the Wicked Spoon in Cosmo
5	The Carnival World Buffet is one of those buffets you have to try in Vegas. I been here a few times and would say it one of the best buffets in Vegas. All the food taste great. I'm Asian and I think there Asian selection are good. The ducks not bad. They have a lot of variety. I would go to this Buffet instead of paying $45 bucks to go to the Seafood one that also located in the Rio. This one has lots of seafood and good food. They sometime have coupon in the free magazine in front of fashion show mall. If you visiting Vegas you can take the free shuttle that located next to Bally's, it drops you off right at the Rio. The service is also good the servers come by and fill your drinks up and clean the tables quickly. This buffet was also feature on the Food Network channel as one of the biggest Buffet and was also awarded many awards for being one of the best buffet in Vegas. Also locals can get in with a discount.
4	This one is my favorite buffet so far! So good in fact that I went for dinner one night and then lunch the next day! I felt like there were more choices at this buffet than some of the other ones I visited during my trip. One of my favorite stations was the pho/noodles one. There were different types of noodles and different broths to choose from. Oh, and they had roasted pig! You know, the one with the crispy pork skin. Mmmmm!
4	I'm usually leery of buffets, but having lived in Vegas for nearly 9 years, I've tried quite a few of them. The Rio's Carnival World buffet does a very good job all around.It's huge with food from different parts of the world including: Asian (with a Mongolian barbecue station), the U.S., with heavy focus on down-home Southern goodness. Don't miss the mashed red potatoes - I had three helpings!  Italian, Mexican as well as breads, salads, pizza, seafood (snow crab, cold shrimp, fried shrimp, fried fish and baked fish) with drawn butter and cocktail sauce, and a carving station with pork roast, roast beef, prime rib, turkey and ham. I camped out on the prime rib - it is deliciously seasoned and they have little cups for au jus. Enough about the food. Let's get to the real point: dessert. These people know their way around sweets! They have at least 10 varieties of gelato in every flavor imaginable, apple and raisin bread pudding with vanilla sauce (I'm a bread pudding lover, and as anyone who eats it knows, it's not always made well - the Rio has it on point), little cakes, tiny pies, eclairs, cheesecake in a chocolate shell, custards and cookies... even sugar-free items. If you heed nothing else I write, you must believe me on this: get a cup of their (very good) coffee, a plate of bread pudding and some of their bananas foster (fresh bananas in a warm bath of butter, sugar, spices and rum) and forget everything else you ate. Take a forkful of the bread pudding with a piece of banana and make sure you put as much of the rum sauce as will stay on the bite, close your eyes, thank your maker for taste buds and enjoy. You're welcome :)
1	Sooo, all B.S aside....besides working out and trading stocks hitting buffets are probably my third favorite thing to do (yes maybe even more so than skydiving and having sex) so when i say I am the Ron Jeremy of buffets having been around the block and then some, that's no exaggeration. After looking at the list of the best buffets in Vegas and seeing the RIO as #7 with one of the more affordable buffets on the list that's what I chose (can't image WTF could possibly be worth justifying an $89 buffet which was the price of #1 on that list). Being the 7th best one could expect some serious quality and selection especially on a Sunday afternoon when the food should be at the pinnacle of perfection. Not the case at all here!!Let me start by saying the layout of the RIO is pretty ingeniously done by the designers of the buffet to maximize the time and distance the customers have to walk while dining so as to either fill up faster or eat less due to being lazy and having to walk clear to the other side of the dining hall to get more of their favorite dish. Now I am no lazy SOB, I routinely run and bike 100 miles a week but I'll be damned if we didn't get seated on the farthest end of the seafood area which are my favorite foods and had about a 500 ft walk to and from that section just for another plate or 2 of crab. Thing is the crab legs were so weak and small I only had one plate and didn't even bother heading back for another. So how's the sushi selection you ask? Well, as one of the other yelper's commented it is typically  less than what you get at most run of the mill mom and pop Chinese buffets for $8-10. Considering the RIO was more than 3 times that price it was downright pathetic!! I am literally talking about maybe 6-7 different types of rolls and that was it! No sashimi, no fancy handmade sushi's....NOTHING! I almost couldn't believe it as usually the sushi section is the one area most buffets go crazy on. So that's strike one for the RIO.The second thing that immediately pissed me off about this place is the total lack of healthy options featured here. I'd say a solid 70-75% of the items were fried and breaded or literally dripping with fat and buttery sauces. Lets be honest people...anything deep fried is usually pretty low quality and very cheap (think fish sticks, fries, tater tots....etc..) so the more fried items a buffet has typically the more low grade the restaurant is and RIO sure was the case in that respect. The prime rib which I usually hit almost exclusively was 3/4 fat and grizzle (not an exaggeration). Not only that but the man carving the meat gave me a slice that wouldn't have fed a hamster and of course when I laughed and asked for about 3 times that amount he mumbled something, tossed another chunk on my plate and then turned and literally walked away....I mean WTF! I am a 240 lb dude...obviously I am going to eat what I take and you can tell I can EAT by the looks of me. The whole place was so freakin stingy I swear it's as if the managers told the employees that any food wasted or thrown out is coming out of their paychecks. Moving on...strike 3 and what solidified a 'never again' at the RIO was the dessert bar. It could be described in one single word....WEAK!!!! Now I am not a big dessert eater and typically only stick to fat free and sugar free desserts and ice creams but I swear, after doing a lap around the "dessert island" I am pretty sure Hometown buffet has double the selection and here's the real kicker.....most of the items are behind glass and you have to ask the attendant for everything you want! Once again I understand people take too much and end up wasting food especially kids and dessert I assume is notorious for being taken and tossed but come the fuc* on man. I hope your sitting before reading this next one and no.....this is not a joke. They actually served the ice cream in little plastic cups like the ones you fill condiments and sauces with at fast food restaurants. For $32 per person I got handed a fuc*ing 1 oz plastic cup with 1.....yes 1 mouthful of sugar free ice cream. At that point my confusion actually turned into rage at thinking of the $$ my friends and I just dropped and what better options we had access to for much cheaper. Most of the negative reviews here are spot on....this place downright SUCKS!!! The food is highly sub par (and my standards are below average at best) so me complaining about service and food means that a restaurant should most likely be condemned and demolished. I would honestly not even go again and waste the gas money even if I were to get a free voucher it was THAT pitiful. Maybe it's gone downhill recently and the 4 and 5 star reviews were from a while ago or perhaps the people that wrote those just won $10k at the slots and were so elated that a box of dog poo would have been given 5 stars....I don't know but I do know that I will never go back to the Carnival buffet at the RIO again. End of rant.
5	If you want choices this is the buffet for you! Our party of 6 enjoyed the Sunday champange buffet. Excellent food and service!
3	it was just OK for me, i expected better...
4	Amazing that so many people have had a different experience. I find the Carnival World Buffet to be really good. There are so many selections from around the world you just can't sample it all.
5	This was our 3rd stop on our buffet of buffets tour, and I'm still not sure if its the best(with Paris) or a VERY close 2nd(to Paris). We(my dad, brothers, and I) went here for dinner at around 8:30pm or so, and were pleased to find that there was no line. I've seen the line during peak hours(formerly on my way to the seafood buffet) and how long it is, so I'm glad we missed it. Once inside, I was amazed at how BIG this place is. This is probably one of the larger ones I've seen, and the selection was impressive. I was still somewhat full from our earlier trip to Harrah's, so unfortunately I couldn't take full advantage of the spread, but I was able to squeeze down a plate or so. Their Italian section had pasta and a nice selection and larger variety of pizzas than I've seen anywhere, and they had some interesting toppings. Their American section had classic favorites like chicken fried steak, salisbury steak, and corn dogs to name a few. There was also mexican, asian, crab, the sliced meats, and a whole lot more! I did save room for dessert, and had some gelato. I wish I hadn't eaten so much so close to going here, because there was a whole lot to choose from and it all looked good. I still recommend going here based off of what I did have and what I saw. The sheer size and variety of this place sets it apart and makes it worth the drive/taxi ride off of the strip.
3	Buffets are usually hit or miss, depending on how you stack up your plate. With the Buffet of Buffets pass, I was able to sample various foods during the entire day. I happened to be at the Rio for an annual conference and I was on a very tight schedule which meant I couldn't wander off. I also didn't rent a car either so that somewhat limited my options...I was very selective about what I ate since I knew I would be coming back several times anyway. You should definitely skip the pizza, pastas, rice, and definitely stay away from the fried stuff. You'll be very sorry and will gain ten pounds after loading up on carbs and fat. I really liked the noodle bar and they even served pho! The crab legs weren't very huge so you might want to run back for seconds or even thirds. Still delicious! I also liked the dim sum, roast chicken and roast pork stations. They are great stations to hit up for dinner.I highly recommend going very early for breakfast, lunch and dinner during major events. This place is pretty packed and the wait could be long. The line can wrap all the way out to the casino floor. Keep that in mind when going here.
3	After trying out way more buffets since I wrote my first review on this place, and my visit to it last month, I need to bump it down a star.The food just wasn't great. Off night? Maybe. But there are buffets I've given 4 stars to that are definitely better so the extra star had to go.A lot of the food looked cold and seemed like it had been sitting out awhile (especially the Mexican food) and we only came about an hour after the dinner buffet opened.Nothing really impressed me.
4	Came here for brunch this morning as this buffet was part of the 24 hr AYCE buffet special. It's literally been over 10 years since I've last visited this place so I didn't know to expect. I was pleasantly suprised...There was no line(around 10am). We were seated quickly and our server immediately took our drink order. I forgot how HUGE this place was. It's a marathon walking from one end of the food section to the other. Better wear your sneakers! They had all of my favorite breakfast items, thick sausages, crispy bacon, corned beef hash and eggs, hash browns, breakfast burrito, biscuits and sausage gravy! And thats only the beginning. They have a great variety of dessert items, unlike Planet Hollywoods. They even have a decent selection of gelato! My wife and sister in law, who are strict vegetarians, loved this place. I will be back!
4	This buffet located at the Rio hotel and Casino, is still a great bargin, especially for Las Vegas locals who recieve a 50% discount.  The food choices are good, and everything is fresh.  They offer all standard buffet fare, American, Asain, BBQ, Seafood, and a desert bar featuring Gelatos.  Service was good too, drinks refilled, and plates cleared quickly. If you have a Ceasars Total Rewards card even if you are not a local they give you a small discount on the price, and if you are Total Rewards Platinum or higher, they treat you really nice :). Just one Caveat, the line can be super long and super slow at times, so just prepare yourself for that.
4	Next to the M Studio B, I would rank the Rio's Carnival World buffet as the 2nd best buffets in Vegas under $30. I've been coming here for several decades and the food has always been excellent. They were first in Vegas to utilize the concept of food "stations," individual themed areas that diners could pick and choose from as opposed to one long buffet line starting with salads and ending with the desserts.  Their buffets has one of the best and diverse selections of food from around the world. The different stations include seafood, Mexican, Brazilian, Italian, Japanese, Chinese, Vietnamese and American food.If you plan on doing any of the buffets in Vegas, especially Rio's Carnival World buffet, then I suggest doing 24 hour Buffet of Buffets pass for $45 and begin your tour here for dinner. Try to start it after 7pm or 8pm so you can have dinner twice (Best Tip!!). Definitely a good deal and worth it. For guest staying at the Rio, they have a 24-hr meal ticket for around $40 with discount. Each time I come here I feel like I'm attending an event. The place is so huge and long. They have the largest selection and variety of food choices (more than 300 dishes prepared fresh daily). One can get lost in this Bermuda Triangle of food heaven. All my favorite food indulgence in one place like sushi, shrimp, oysters, baked salmon, snow crab with drawn butter and cocktail sauce. The carving station with pork roast, roast beef, prime rib, turkey and ham is awesome. The prime rib is succulent, juicy and deliciously seasoned. Get me a cup of au jus and I'm camping here for a while. The Asian stations are pretty amazing as well. The roast duck, crispy pork belly, steam BBQ pork bun and Korean BBQ short rib are excellent. They even have a Vietnamese Pho noodle stations which is pretty cool. Great option from traditional soups.When it comes to desserts, the Rio's Carnival World does a pretty awesome job satisyfing it's customer sweet tooth and their guilty dessert pleasures. They have a large spread of homemade pies, cakes, fruit tart and pastries, and 10 gelato flavors of ice cream, all made from scratch. After devouring endless food course, I'm feeling pretty glutton by now. But one thing that I can't resist is their tiramisu and mango gelato. The smooth, creamy sweet texture and decadent taste is so satisfyingly good. It's a definite must try dessert and a great way to end your food indulgence adventure.Service is pretty decent. Our server was able to get all our drink orders and remove our finished plates promptly.Cons - Make sure to get here before 30-45 minutes before the lunch and dinner rush to avoid the long lines. Diamond Total Rewards members and VIP players - no waiting in line. Ultimate fast pass!!Overall - 4 star. Number one choice for Buffet of Buffets and I will definitely be back. I just need to lose 10lbs extra weight before I come back. Someone told me walking was supposed to be good for you. I guess walking around the buffet stations doesn't count...hahaha!
2	Large selection of mediocre food. Snow crab was mix of soggy pieces left out a long time and fresh ones. Taquitos soggy , corn dogs unedible, and sour cocktail sauce. Most of the food just did not look too appealing. The salad bar was good as well as the stir fry section. All in all there are too many things that are out waaaay too long ! Go for the seafood buffet on the other side of the Rio..... at least they specialize in something.
3	This place is not super bad I've had worse trust me. But this buffet is not super yowza either. My fathers friends came to town and we took them to the Rio and regretted it immediately, but that's another story. If you don't get lucky the line can be very ,very long. We got lucky this time but once the line was around the world and we felt like crying from sore feet by the time they seated is, consider yourself warned. The selections are mixed quality wise. Lots of "fillers" as in fried foods and breads, there are better dishes you have to look in between.  The line of food options is HUGE, it wraps along the back wall in a gigantic semi circle with a dessert station in the middle. Since it is so big you feel as if you are working or hunting for your food. And the choices vary a lot so pace yourself or just get a small item to hold you over while you look before you actually eat.  If you love all American fried food, you'll love the onion rings and that type of stuff. There was a small salad bar waaay at the other end from where we were, and some soups , barbecue stuff, some potatoes, Mexican, Chinese, Meat cutting station ( the meat was heavily marinated in something that scared me enough not to eat it since msg and some tenderizers bother me), Italian (mediocre lasagne, some pasta...) , Seafood ( fake scallops and thin crab legs ), and I don't even remember what else. Since it is a "world" buffet I would have preferred Japanese, Filipino.. Cuban, or Indian or Greek as a choice too, something different . Buffets always have Mexican and Chinese...very unoriginal... sheesh.  It's loud and may possibly have kids all over the place so I would not recommend for date night.The seating is comfortable but looks like it can be cramped if in the wrong area or if they are busy. There are bathrooms available in the buffet which is super! Some places make you walk forever just go get to one. The desserts were good, there was one custard that was out of this world. Better than many, not excellent. And if you like to eat healthy all the power to you... most items are fried or sauced or 100% not Mrs Obama approved...
2	Lots of choices and different cuisines, and a good place to go if you want a smattering of everything and to eat till you can't walk as I saw many folks doing. But I was disappointed in the lack of unique, flavorful and fresh selections. It was overloaded on the fried food selections... corn dogs, onion rings,all sorts of  fried, fried, fried and coated items. I have to say the carved meat was great, the ham succulent and moist and the roast beef rare and flavorful. Most of the sides were heavy and calorie filled-- baked stuffed potatoes, and sides with cheese, cheese and more cheese. The desserts were downright awful: flavorless and cheap. The pie slice I had was filled with one piece of fruit and alotta goo.  I think there are better choices for the $'s. Lunch was $40 for two (regular price) and if we had not had the half off local special l(Mon-Thurs), I would have been extremely dissatisfied.
5	This was a great breakfast buffet! We enjoyed this one more than the Red Rock Canyon Casino's Feast breakfast buffet. The omelets were made to order and very good. There was plenty of crispy bacon on hand as well :) This was a wonderful breakfast experience.
4	This place was really good as far as buffets go. My made to order omelet was delicious. The service was good too.
4	This buffet is huge! And the line isn't as long as other buffets frequently by "tourists" in my opinion, which means the line isn't too bad. The food is good and locals get a 50% off discount with NV ID and players card anytime except Saturdays and Sunday brunch
5	Last stop on our Buffet of all Buffets line. Came here for brunch before we left for home. This buffet is HUGE!! I thought there was only a certain amount of selection so when I asked my friend where he got something and he pointed to the other side, I was shocked that it was that big! There was plenty of breakfast/lunch food. Bottomless mimosas and our waiter NEVER stopped re-filling them. As soon as he saw saw an empty cup, it would definitely be filled. For the most part, the food was really good. As this was my 3rd buffet this weekend, I didn't really feel like eating too much, but what I ate wasn't too bad. And they have a soup bar! I love soup! Their dessert slection was cut though. I think it was because it wasn't dinner yet :/Overall, I think it was really good. I think the huge selection just really impressed me!
4	It's still one of the biggest buffets in Vegas (only recently passed by the upgraded buffet at Caesar's) and if you have a group of people you can guarantee that they will all find something they will eat. Doesn't matter if you have vegetarians, food snobs, or kids that refuse to eat anything but pizza and chicken nuggets, you're covered.The line can be long. And when they are really busy, it will feel like the wait wasn't worth it. But isn't that true in all Vegas buffets? I mean seriously, learn to eat at off-peak times. It's not like anything else in Vegas depends on a normal clock. So get used to eating early or late, and it's all good.4 stars.
2	Not impressed at all. We stopped by for dinner after a recommendation from our hotel front desk staff. The meat quality was surprisingly poor. Both chicken and steak options were barely edible. Most other dishes were not labelled so you had to wonder what you were putting on your plate. Definitely not worth the $30 dinner price. However, they do have crab legs so if you're big on that you can get your money's worth here. If you still plan to try this mediocre buffet, make sure you check-in on 4square for a $5 off coupon.
5	I should say that this is the best buffet for the vegetarians.....Lots of options to choose from...they had italian, chinese, japanese, mexican, steak house.......and a huge variety of desserts. I loved their pizza!!! Don't forget to get 25% off coupon from the tickets4tonight!
3	Thou used to be one of my favorite Vegas buffets as well.Alas', thou has lost your stardom...you are but a celebrity who fell off the face of the planet because plastic surgery - regardless of time, money, and skill - just can't "FIX" you anymore and photoshopping your portfolio has just become way too complicated. Not to mention, your *HOT* sister is far more tempting (Bacchanal, Caesars) and while some may have mentioned you as a parallel to setting the bar in the buffet competition in Vegas, I'm sure they meant when you first launched...a LONG, LONG, LONG, LONG, LONG time ago...I'll never hate you...but I sure stopped loving you for now...unless you become a Pheonix...die, burn up, and be reborn. Seriously, if the only thing I found myself eating here was deep fried chicken wings and some fries...because I got turned off by the bits of this and that on my plate around the line (a bad day in the kitchen? Someone angry they didn't get recruited for Bacchanal?) because while the dishes looked good, it SURE tasted otherwise. Well, that's a problem right?Service was friendly...and the atmosphere just like most buffets in Vegas. I guess if anything, like Paris' Le Village Buffet, I'd be back just for the Champagne brunch on the weekends.I wonder if the Carnival will be reborn like how crapLago became Bacchanal. Since it's Vegas and it's 50+% about gambling, I'll think I'll place my chips on..."How about NEVER?"
5	LocationIt's at Rio, which isn't on The Strip.  It's a little too far to walk, so if you're staying on The Strip, cab it over or hitch a ride with local family or friends.AtmosphereIt's a buffet.  Food stations along the back way.  Seating in the front.  It's a large dining room, so you may ge lost walking back to your table after fixing your plate.ServiceThe wait staff refills your glasses and takes your finished plates away.  They do so pretty quickly, so no complaints there.Food/DrinkIf you want it, it's to be found here.  Being from Maryland, we always start with the seafood (crab legs and shrimp)!  But, there's more: sushi, fried chicken, prime rib, salads, etc.  I mean, who wouldn't love an all-you-can-eat buffet with food inspired from all over the world!  Yes, it can be a tad pricey (approx $32.00 for dinner), but you'll definitely spend more money, and get less food, at a celebrity's restaurant.The BEST buffet in Las Vegas.  Hands down!!!
3	Six years later, the buffet has suffered. The crab station is lackluster and contains low-quality pieces. The claws are minuscule (they're not even worth getting), and most of the legs aren't fresh. It was very disappointing. We got $10 off the entrance, so I ate my fill of the sad seafood and got my money's worth. Still, I don't think I'll be back. Also, the boyfriend got diarrhea. I have to find a new buffet for my next visit.
1	In the early 2000's this was my fav buffet, however this last trip it was horrible!  The food was bland, and old!  The only thing that was good were the Asian soups!
2	Ew. Many many many many years ago, this place was a lot better. Quality of food as tremendously gone done. For $30 buffet, I wouldn't pay for full price. Thank you Rio for the 50% off locals. I wouldn't even pay for it at $15!Went on a Tuesday night, stood in line for about 45 minutes. Not bad for a Tuesday and buffet. BUT when we were seated, they had LOTS of open seating. Seriously? 45 minute wait? This is not a nightclub!Sat down, and I was ready to rager. Asian food...DO NOT GO THERE if you're not willing to wait 3-5 mintues. There's a line, seriously, A LINE. Lots of Asian people LOVE their Asian section. Eh, I've had better.The only thing here worth eating is MAYBE the crab. Don't ask me if it was Snow Crab or King Crab. I can't tell the difference but it is crab. Just grab a plateful and spend 30 mins de-shelling it.NO to desserts either. The only thing good was the spongecake with whipped cream and strawberry on top. Cheesecake? No. Chocolate Cake? No. Gross.Spend that $30 or $15 someplace else.
5	omg, best meatballs. and their other selections are really great too.
3	I had the Buffet of Buffets pass and came here for dinner. We came on a Saturday night around 9 and guess what ? NO LINE !!! We were seated within 2 minutes of arriving!!!They have 3 dishes here that have clams ( seafood kung pao, a weird cream sauce mussel & clams, and a seafood pasta dish), the seafood kung pao is the only dish I would recommend getting.  The mussel & clams dish was all lumped together, and wasn't very appetizing.  The crab legs aren't cracked, for you, and are so tiny that I didn't even bother eating any of them, until I tried one of my friends.  The hot butter that they have for you is nice. The prime rib here is ok, not as good as the one at Spice Market Buffet.The fried chicken isn't that bad with the spicy hot sauce. They also have the noodle mongolian bbq  here ( like Chef Khan's) where you choose all the stuff that they want to fry for you , and they will stir fry it.  For the Asian Section, they also have a made to order noodle soup, I tried my friends' pho, and it was pretty good.  The egg drop soup was too yellow and looked really unnatural, the spicy and sour soup was pretty good, but a little too salty for me. They had alot of fried foods, Corn Dogs, fried calamari, fried clam strips, french fries, etc.  For the dessert section they had flan, I really like flan, so I had 3 of the flan LOLOL.  I also tried their mango sorbet, coconut, cookies n cream, tiramisu gelato.  The gelato was not very thick and had a fluffy ice cream texture.  The tiramisu didn't taste like tiramisu at all.  The coconut gelato was pretty good though !I think that I would come here again if I had the Buffet of Buffets pass, they had a wide variety of food, plus there was no wait at 9pm for dinner.
3	Have visited this buffet on every trip to Las Vegas for about ten years. Continuing a trend that has been going for a few years, quality continues to decline. Food quality is slightly worse than last time, which was worse than the time before. The most affected by a decline in quality is dessert. The dessert quality and selection has crossed the line to dissatisfaction. Other parts of the buffet are not as deep in decline. The selection of desserts has also been reduced. Our service was barely satisfactory. Had to call the waiter for a drink refill. Do not remember having to aggressively ask for refills in the past. I think that Rio should improve quality and pay for it with a higher price for the buffet. If I want low quality, I can stay on the strip and go to Circus Circus buffet. I am willing to pay extra for good quality.I will send a copy of this to Rio and see if it makes a difference.
4	Brunch - the attention the waiter paid-excellent-he was very helpful with cleaning dishes off the table, refilling drinks and checking in on us.  We went to Harrahs the same week and I liked Rios much more.  Rio had better selection, better taste, the gelato was a nice cap to the meal.  the crab legs were a little small but they had a mountain of them.  Its off the strip but I would recommend you catch the shuttle and enjoy the food.
5	TL;DR: THE BEST BUFFET ON THE PLANET.Long version: Came here using Buffet of Buffet pass on Christmas Day. Was a madhouse, but since there were two in our party we didn't have to wait as long as the large tourist groups did.The food was delicious. Now, it's a buffet, so don't expect everything to be like a made-to-order restaurant. But they did have m-t-o items! Each buffet station is a different region. You could go here every day for every meal and not try everything on offer for a week--there is THAT much food.There's a Mongolian-style grill in the Asian cuisine area. There's sushi, Italian, American... but the desserts are the best. Ten different kinds of gelato, cakes, pies, cupcakes... yeah. You could spend half your day trying to eat everything here.PS, use Buffet of Buffets pass--it makes all the gorging well worth it!
4	Pros:Variety, food for everyone's tasteOpen basically all day; breakfast lunch and dinner (and no closing in between)friendly stafftasty foodCons:A little farther off the strip, so you have to drive, no walking if you are in the main strip area
1	Uhm... I recall hearing that this place is supposed to be good. Maybe that was decades ago.The pho noodles weren't completely cooked & was flavorless.Hubby said roast beef dry.  Although the mongolian fresh food was decent along with the beets salad.Coconut & tiramisu gelato was good as with the tres leches.  Why only 2 stars? The food wasnt fresh enough in a large enough quantity to make it appealing to me.5 stars for the wait staff service, but that alone nor the desserts will get me back in that place...
5	I think world Carival is still one of the best buffers. It's such a large selection and still have a really reasonable price.  I can't wait to come back here. Love the lay out to this restaurant..
5	In the movie "Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory", in the scene where the children enter the big room filled with candy, their eyes lit up, their mouths dropped open, and they started to gorge themselves on every bit of candy they could get their hands on.  In the Rio Buffet, starring yours truly, my eyes lit up, my mouth dropped open, and I started digging in to everything I could fit on my plate!Close your eyes...make a wish....and you will probably find it at the Carnival World Buffet!  This has to be one of the largest buffets with the biggest variety of food I have ever seen.  What is your favorite type of food?  It's probably here!  I was thoroughly impressed with their Asian station, including various soups (the hot and sour is my favorite!) and pho, freshly prepared while you wait!  The Italian station had pasta and pizza that was surprisingly good!  There was a sushi station, seafood station, salad station, American station, and it just kept going on and on!  Oh yeah and did I forget to mention - BBQ Ribs that were so good!!If the words "heaven" or "hell" could be used in retail terms, then Carnival World Buffet would be the closest to heaven I have ever been.  (WalMart being the closest thing to HELL!)For your sweet tooth, they had gelatos, mini "pie bites", mini "cheesecake bites" and more!The staff was friendly and very outgoing!  We went there on a Saturday evening, and there was no wait, we simply walked in.  During the weekend daytime hours, they have a champagne brunch with all you can drink champagne.  A great addition to any good buffet is champagne.   (Ask for it mixed with OJ for mimosas!)As an experienced "buffet-er" I can tell you that this is one of the best, and not to be missed!SUGGESTIONS:  Stick to what makes this buffet unique!!  Avoid the prime rib, and all the buffet "standards".  (Not that any of their food looked suspect, but really, you can get a good prime rib just about anywhere in Las Vegas).  Hit the asian station, BBQ station (for ribs), seafood station and/or sushi station, and build your plates around that.  Don't forget to end with some gelato and cheesecake bites!
1	THE WORST FOOD EVER! The only reason I'm even giving them a one is because of our nice server and the amount of selection they have. We chose to visit this buffet because of the variety they offered as we had some friends that are not too fond of seafood. Although your ticket will be good for 24hours at the alternative buffets, the food here is not fresh or taste good.  I would rather go to a hometown buffet or go to the closest 711 to get some snacks to eat rather than to visit this place again.  All the food is hard to bite into and flavorless.  For the price of $50 a person go treat yourself to a 5 star restaurant!
5	My boyfriend and I have tried to go to other buffets in Vegas, none are nearly as good as this one.I'm a pescevegitarian (so I eat seafood, but no other meats) and this buffet gives such a GREAT variety! I eat my weight in crab legs when I come here.We've never left hungry, that's for sure. Sushi, pizza, meats of all kinds, udon, teppanyaki, taco bar, and a great spread of desserts to boot!Tip: if you go to tix4tonight stands around Las Vegas, they sell dinner coupons for $2 a ticket, which makes your dinner $20 a person, tip not included. Beats $30 a person!
4	This used to be my favorite buffet in Las Vegas.  It was so worth waiting in line for almost two hours.  Nowadays, though, I would not want to wait that long anymore.  Although, it is no longer my favorite buffet in Las Vegas, I am still a fan.  They have so many different food stations which each represent a different ethnic dishes.  All the food for these stations are above average.  My favorite part of the Carnival World buffet is their dessert area.  Wow, it is sweet tooth heaven!  One time we sat at a table right beside the desserts, and I must have tried over a dozen delicacies!  They were all delicious too.Definitely, give this buffet a chance.  It is pricey, but not as expensive as other places like Bellagio or Wynn which do not taste as good as here.
5	Best buffet on the strip. Wide range of foods and consistently has fresh foods. A++++
5	There's 4 things I look extremely forward to when I plan a Vegas trip. Gambling, Booze with friends, the amazing live shows and the fact that I have to make my stomach as close to of an abyss because of the epic buffet at the Rio Hotel. This buffet is worth waiting 30-1 hr, trust me. Supposedly the number #1 rated buffet is at the M Hotel, but that's not even on the Strip. This buffet seems endless and has so much food to choose from. Pizza, pho, enchiladas, waffles, sushi, bacon, chocolate mousse, prime rib, vegetarian friendly food, etc. Anyone can eat here and leave with one button undone and with a food coma. All Las Vegas hotels have some sort of buffet, but the Carnival eats those buffets for breakfast and spits them out. Perfect for hangovers that next morning, or even pre gaming so that you can fill your stomachs to drink endless amounts of alcohol. If you are going to come out to Vegas, you have to at least make time for a buffet, but not just any buffet, the Carnival World Buffet!!
2	Way overrated ! Maybe at one time it was better, but not now, plus the Rio is a little out of the way, and yes I had a rental car.
4	loved it! One of my favorite buffets in LV! The best  time to come here is around 11 so you can have both breakfast and lunch selections!best staff ever seen. so charm and welcoming, they are so friendly and I loved being here.
2	Not all that...really flavorless food but its a buffet, what else should I had expected??
1	The most amazing, delectable, savory pile of bullshit I've ever attempted to obtain sustenance from. Right now I'm laying in my bed upstairs in the Rio, writhing around in pain due to the almost certain food poisoning ill be receiving from my $35 dog slop courtesy of the carnival world buffet. After writing this review ill probably try to go throw up to get these disease-ridden, rancid animal carcasses out of my body that they try to pass off as edible food. I found a duck tooth in the serving tray, mentioned it to my friend, and an employee hurriedly ran over and tried to hide the fact that one of these foul, rotten pond creatures had lost a molar in my dinner to be. Our waiter came over and was touching the food on my plate with his bare hands in an attempt to give me some unwarranted advice on opening the soggy, atrophied crap they were calling crab legs.Our server sat me one foot away from a pile of trash and crab detris the size of a dinner plate on the bench seat next to where I was supposed to be able to eat, which of course was impossible due to the rancid fumes coming off this bullshit.What topped off my terrible experience was looking across the dining hall and seeing a server with his hand deep down the back of his pants, scratching his ass crack, after which he got right back into handling food and drinks. Ohh yea, forgot to mention that they let some snobby old woman bring her little dog into the restaurant, just to have it shit all over the place and not get cleaned up for 20 minutes. I'm very surprised the rio is still allowed to be open and hasn't killed anyone yet. Ohh wait, that will probably be me in 30 mins. My last words on this earth will be to prevent any would be patrons from dining here. The Rio's World Carnival Buffet is the sickest, most diseased, foul crap I've ever laid my eyes upon
3	This is our go-to for cheap buffet. I am a huge fan of the miso soup station and the shrimp. the salads are fine. and the dessert is good. Pizza is actually pretty good and I like the cranberry nut buns. In fact, I crave those little buns. Locals get half off on certain days (all but sat and sun I think) so its a great place to eat cheap for this size of buffet. A very sweet staff. I love the old chinese guy who usually serves on the west-side of the room. We go here about every other month . so that should tell you ...
5	Lined up for an early dinner. Well worth it!Prime rib :)Amazing. Absolute best prime rib I've ever tasted. Friends who live in Vegas told us it's hit-or-miss though, so apparently we went on a good day. Thin slices unless you ask the chef for a larger slice :) but so tender and full of flavor that day...better than Ruth's Chris or any other steak house!Service :)Our waiter was outstanding, unlike typical buffet servers who usually seem stressed or preoccupied. Our server, Brian, was attentive and friendly, and even mixed special drinks for our kids. He was friendly and accommodating and he actually seemed to enjoy his job. Our only regret is that our tip was included when we paid the cashier, so we're not sure if it went to him or to some general fund.Other foodsCrab legs were good but not great. But when it's all-you-can-eat with plenty of drawn butter, you can't be picky.Chinese dumplings (siu mai and ha gow) were tasty.DessertsPlenty of variety. Cakes, pies, so many different flavors of gelato, ice cream...I'm getting hungry again. Can't wait to go back!!!
3	Not the best of the near-strip buffets but not bad either. It's not that busy for lunch on a weekday...which means some of the food sits around for a while. Make sure you have their card if you're a local so you get the big discount...I missed that the first time.
4	Great buffet for the price. They have a little bit of everything and the price is right for locals with a rewards card. Half price Sunday through Thursday. Even easier to come here since it's not on the strip. We come here more often than any other casino buffet for this reason. The coconut gelato is so good, it has real coconut chunks in it.
2	This is just your standard, run of the mill buffet. My friends and I got a discount from the Tix4Tonight booth, so we got to go at around $22 on 2/10/13. There are plenty of options for food, however, food options do not equal food quality. The atmosphere is pretty drab, and nothing too big stands out in a positive way other than a cool fire place over the carving station area. I will say the dessert area is pretty good, but almost all the other food is just dry or flavorless. This was the first and only buffet me and my friends went to on our Vegas trip. I would say here, you get what you pay for, so it might have been worth it to pay a little more for a nicer buffet somewhere on the strip at a nicer hotel. Overall, I was not impressed at all by anything at the Carnival World Buffet, but rather disappointed.PROS*Food Options - They pretty much have every type of cuisine here, from carving stations, to Seafood, Chinese, Mexican, Italian, Salads, Desserts, etc. Now the quality of the food is a whole different story.*Price - If you get your meal through the Tix4Tonight booth, you can get the buffet for dinner down to $22, which for Las Vegas or anywhere in general is not a bad price for dinner.CONS*Food Quality - While I've certainly had worse food at a buffet, I've had much better too. The food here*Location - The only reason we went here is because we were going to see Penn & Teller that night at the Rio, so we said, why not eat here. So if you have to go to the Rio and eat there, I'd try another place seeing it is off the strip in the isolated Rio. *Atmosphere - It seems to be a pretty dated and worn out place for me. The drop down ceilings make the place look cheap and drab, and the lighting doesn't look romantic or intimate, but makes me feel like they just can't afford good lights.
4	This is one of the better buffets in Las Vegas, and the word has definitely gotten out. The lines can be painfully long, especially during the dinner hour, so it's best to stake your claim early. As far as the food, it is consistently very good as buffets go, with a great selection in the different 'countries'. The crab legs were plentiful and extremely fresh, and really the only disappointment was the run of the mill bland mexican selections. Other than that, go early and be hungry.
3	for $40 buffet on weekend? They got be kidding me.  The service quality went down so bad, the waiter just serve drink & never refill.  Cold crab legs do not help.   I don't think I ever want to come back here again.
4	Great deal for locals buy one get one free with club card.
1	the food is not fresh, i got a food poisoning 3 hours after i ate there. my stomach hurts so bad the second day, cold sweat no energy! never go back there
2	I visited Vegas, and visited the Carnival World Buffet, a half-dozen times over the past decade...I always remember it being better than it was this past visit (February 2013).  We bought discounted vouchers from the half-price ticket places that are all up and down the strip.  Dinner ended up being $22.99 including the voucher.  I probably wouldn't spend more than this if you're interested.  There is a HUGE selection here, but the quality isn't all that great.  Everything is cooked in such huge quantities that the quality suffers.I'm not a seafood person, but there did seem to be quite a large seafood section.In all, I'll probably pass on this buffet next trip and visit the Mirage Buffet in its place.
2	This place has taken a tumble since I was here a year ago. They haven't changed anything and other buffets are being more creative and have better food items. This is a huge buffet of very mediocre food. I could only find a few items that I enjoyed and it seemed like half of the items were pork related or taylored to the Asian crowd that comers here. They gave the asians a whole restaurant right across from the buffet, so get rid of the weird Asian soup section please.      The cheese quesadilla was the highlight for me and that spells trouble. This stuff is a small notch above Hometown buffet. I also enjoyed the strange Chocolate Cream Red Velvet cake mashup with choc shavings. As I made my way through the rest of the deserts, one fruit fly already beat me to my choice of tarts.   Saving grace is the 1/2 price deal for locals or people with Nevada drivers licenses like myself. It was $16, but I would spend 20 more if your a tourist and hit the newer better buffets in town. Pizza, cilantro chicken, red potatoes, the whole mongolian grill area - all relics and not very tasty either.
4	Been here probably over 2 dozen times with various friends. Service is always good, although I will note that I've only sat in the Diamond section. Price is about on par with similar buffets nearby on the strip. There is a 50% locals discount running which makes it a great deal but sometimes theres long lines for dinner if you don't have a platinum or higher Total Rewards card to bypass the line. Very large selection, can't say I've tried every single item there. For the most part its a fairly decent buffet.
4	Been here a lot of times. When in Vegas you gotta hit up a buffet! This is my favorite buffet in Vegas because of the huge selection and its one of the more reasonably priced buffets. The first time I ate here I got the 24hr buffet pass, we literally didn't leave the hotel room except to eat or go to the club at night. It was a lot of fun, I think all the food is good quality and you can't beat the selection. Not to mention the brunches come with unlimited mimosas!! Love it, and the gelato is a must try!
3	It's alright.  Half off for locals (a big reason why my husband likes it) and it's better than the station casino buffets.  I guess if you're hungry and don't have a lot of money.. why not?
2	So its a good thing they have good service because the food is not so great. at 38 a pop i expected Cadillac food and instead got Saturn style. On a positive note the bar in there was good but not enough to raise the starts since we go there to eat.
4	We were in the mood for a buffet and the Rio's carnival world buffet came to mind not to mention a 50% off locals discount oh yeah!The selection is massive, this buffet travels from end to end with a lot of food options from various cultures.We started off with a seafood platter piled with shrimp cocktail, sushi, fried shrimp, fried clams, crab legs, seafood salad, etc. Wow that shrimp and imitation crab salad with mango was delicious!We had prime rib that was delicious, and I opted for Korean BBQ ribs, spring rolls, dumplings and egg drop soup to name a few.The dessert selection was good and we really enjoyed the male employee who was super sweet and friendly behind the counter with all of his wonderful suggestions!So much food to choose from so we sampled what we could fit into our belly's and called it a night.
3	I guess this is suppose to be the best economical buffet for locals. I thought it was going to be spectacular. It wasn't but then again it beat old country buffet any day. Be sure to bring your own crab eaten utensils their plastic crab opener thingy majigs suck hairy balls.
2	I was underwhelmed.My mom's been raving about this buffet for years, so even though we're not so into buffet gluttony, we decided to check it out for ourselves for Sunday Brunch.Aside from its large selection - with food stations from every major type of ethnic food choice - didn't think it warranted the $38 price tag. And, who do they think they're kidding asking if you'll put a 15% or 20% tip on your credit card before you even eaten your meal and before you've seen what kind of service you'll be getting???  Since when do you tip so generously when you see a waitress only once to bring you coffee, tea, water or a soft drink at the start of your meal - and you bring the meal to the table yourself ? (fyi - you need to purchase your own alcohol - it's another station near the center of the buffet).  We'd have been better off giving a $5 directly to our bus boy who visited the table more frequently to clean away empty plates.The ambience and service leaves much to be desire - and so - quite frankly - did the taste of the food. Guess I shouldn't have gone in with such high expectations - it is just a buffet, for god's sake. I'd probably given it another star if it had a $19.95 price tag, that would have been more fitting for what we got. But even with that, we can check this one off the list; don't think we'll be going back.
3	Decided to check it out with a buddy after a gym session.. fat boy meal status. The main bonus was the price.. $16 with local Nevada I.D. and a players card.. which you can get for free if you don't have one already. The buffets itself was a big setup.. lots of choices..pretty mediocre selection and nothing really fancy, nothing spectacular.. but definitely a good amount of food if you are  hungry. I stuck to the basics.. but they had a noodle bar with different soups that no one was at and it was one of the reasons I was happier to check it out. No big deal. It's not someplace I am running back to.. but for $16 .. it'll do when you are looking for alot of grub. Hit it up. Happy eating!
2	Okay so to start with I am not a fan of buffets. Just something about touching spoons and surfaces that tons of other people have touched. I mean you cant verify that every guest has washed their hands or not so Id rather not take any chances. I do enjoy pre-plated options like Wicked Spoon though this buffet does not do this. So slapping on the old feedbag I was pretty blown away but the sheer quantity and variety of the stations. Chinese, Mexican, American, Seafood, etc.. was crazy how much food there was. While I could go through all the items I tried like the tough and chewy prime rib and the off tasting salsas Id rather just say that this buffet is right on par with say a cruise ship buffet. The quality is only alright but for the price point of $30 I expected higher since the Wicked Spoon is high quality and only charges a few bucks more. If you're expecting to be wowed just lower your expectations and Im sure you'll be fine. My expectation of anyone visiting a buffet, please wash your hands first.
1	So if bodily functions offend you... READ NO FURTHER. As I sit here on the pot in saying to myself... Ah this is how those chicks felt in the movie Bridesmaids.  I think possibly Linda Blaire is hiding somewhere in this gigantic a** of mine.  Let's rewind to the beginning shall we? I'm hungry.. So, I think hmmmm I want pizza, looking through the menus I say to myself, there's no way i'm going to find pizza as good as Chicago. So... I decide to yelp food. I remember there is a buffet here, two of them in fact. So, I yelp the "world carnival buffet".  Rave reviews.. "best buffet in Vegas" yada yada yada. Ok, i'm convinced i'm gunna eat fat girl style.  Omg.... I decide to be adventurous, i'm gunna try roasted duck. Tasted more like roasted death! Everything tasted funny. Not 1 thing I tried did I think, damn this is good.  Even the desserts to me were bad.  Thank God i'm afraid to try sea food, could've had a worse ending.  So... I leave. I'm walking through the casino which is probably the biggest one i've been in, and I feel my tummy start expanding.... Uh oh.... I better walk faster. Squeezing my butt cheeks together tighter than the newbie in prison. I seriously didn't think I'd make it.... But I did.  Thank God, cuz projectile poop in yoga pants calls for a bad day.  Moral of the story "don't do buffets, order crappy pizza instead!" Ok, I think it's safe to get off this thing.Sigh...
2	Sorry, but this is not the best buffet in Vegas. All my friends and family have said that Rio has the best buffet, and I was excited to try it with my cousin! We went, there was a line, of course, which took about 20 min to get through and seated. The selection is very wide from east to west representing many different cultures. I was ready to stuff my face. I got a little taste of some chinese food, american food, and some mexican food. Had them all on my plate, and I as I started eating, I was tasting the blandness of every food item I cam across. I barely finished my plates because the taste was not that appetizing after a short period of time. I paid 24 bucks and I am eating like I am in Home Town Buffet. Sorry Rio, I won't come back here. The fried shrimp also left some sort of unfresh aftertaste in my mouth. The only thing I can commend about this place is their Customer service (superb and very friendly folks) and sorbet bar! The sorbets were good and i was lucky to try most of the flavors here. I liked the Tiramisu, Strawberry, and Coconut flavor.Wicked Spoon at Cosmo is a way better buffet, and absolutely worth every single penny!
1	i remembered this being the biggest and best buffet in las vegas but it disappointed me this time aroundthe food was not that greatthey have unique items like sesame balls with bean paste and samosas but the food is not well made and tastes really mass producedthere's a mongolian bbq station but its ok...i didnt really like it
4	I have never eaten more than here. The buffet itself must be 500' long. It has a large quantity of food... some quality, some, meh. But the sheer quantity makes up for what it lacks in quality (specifically, anything Italian other than the gelato).They have a large dessert counter as well that had all sorts of pastries and chocolates and gelato... Oooo the gelato. One girl in our group had to loosen her already-stretchy belt on her dress after several rounds. It's that good. Enjoy.
5	Love the sushi, udon noodle soup! A large variety of foods. But this is Las Vegas so the buffet price rather expensive low $20 for breakfast and lunch and high $20 for dinner and brunch
3	We went here for lunch this week while in Vegas.  There were so many stations to eat from! It was pricey.  For 2 adults and 2 kids it was $85 plus tips.  I found the food to be average. I have had the same quality or better at the Golden Corral. I thought the mexican food was unappetizing.  Normally this is my favorite but I did not even touch it.  I did like the fried shrimp, clam chowder, bread pudding, and bacon and cheese potatoes.
3	This is a Vegas tradition for us. It's outrageous, it's excessive, It's industrial. it's Vegas. We went for breakfast. the mimosa's were plentiful. You have to sample everything. If you get stuck on one thing, you'll miss the experience. I'm glad that gluttony is one of my favorite deadly sins.
2	The locals price is awesome! Food here is pretty decent buffet food. However, I have to say the whole photographer dude asking to take your photo while you wait in line is extremely awkward. I came to the Rio for dinner, not for a photo shoot. What makes it worse is that they're extremely persistent of wanting to take your photo. After you've told them no 10 times (Literally!), then they cop an attitude with you and start talking smack behind your back, just loud enough so you can hear them.
3	This place has always been a destination for me when I buffet in Vegas.  Now sometimes this place has been better than other times.  I happened to go here for dinner.  This place is full of seafood, which isn't my thing.  There was tons of other styles of food as well.Overall the food at Carnival World Buffet was good, not great but solid.  I also hit up the dessert station and that was the highlight of the buffet that night!
1	Sorry! But Rio has bad buffetsYes they may have a lot of selections but no floavor what so ever!I think it rank the bottom with The Vilage Seafood Buffet of the all the Buffet of Buffet!
5	Oh yeah son!! Love this buffet!! Every time I'm in Vegas I make sure to drop by. I'm not going to lie, you're going to drop about $35/person for this buffet, but you will leave satisfied. They have a large assortment of breakfast items, Chinese, seafood, Mexican, pho, sushi, and dessert. You also get mimosas at no extra charge. They also have a bar where you can get custom drinks, which you have to pay extra for. I've tried the buffet at Bellagio and this buffet is hands down better than the Bellagio buffet. BEWARE! There are 2 buffets at the Rio, so make sure you go to Carnival World Buffet. Happy Grubbing! :D
2	Maybe it's because I was heading to a buffet for breakfast, on a weekday, before heading in to work...but I didn't really enjoy the Carnival World Buffet.  I would say that state of mind, definitely plays a factor into your overall experience.  But for $21.99, I don't think it was worth it for breakfast.It's much faster than the line at Starbucks or waiting to order food at the Sao Paulo Cafe, but all I ended up enjoying eating was an egg white omelet, hashbrowns and a waffle.  I also got a piece of roast beef and some fruit, but wasn't that impressed with it.The food was decent.  They had everything that you wanted in a Vegas buffet.  But for what I ate and the price, it just didn't seem worth it.
3	This buffet is quite large, one of the bigger ones from what I hear.  And there can be a line sometimes, so you've been warned,You can practically eat anything here though. I had Sushi (meh), Mexican, Chinese, American, soups, salads and the dessert.  I really liked the Chinese food selection, and I at least thought it tasted good.I did notice there was gelato, but no ice cream.  No biggie...although I really wanted an ice cream bar when I was there.**FREE FOOD TIP: Use your comp dollars if you have them, as it made my $18 bill disappear.  Always great to get free stuff
2	What happened to you, carnival? Almost 10 years ago, they were my favorite buffet. Seriously, the flavor, the options, and the service - it was all there. My plates were cleaned, the flavors were immense, and damn, were the desserts heavenly.Fast forward now - even for their price, which is consider on the more affordable hotel buffets, just leaves me with a stomach that hurts. I like that they have so many options - seriously, you'll burn some of the calories just walking back and forth, searching for your table because you were too hungry to remember as you dashed to the seafood station. The taco station is a nice visit if you're interested in making your own tacos, hard shell and all.The dessert station, which I used to be quite fond of, is now mediocre. It's like everything is just tossed together - no flavor. Just loaded with sugar and HFCS. The gelato is good, but I would say that about many other buffets serving gelato.Yes, the lines are long. I never had a problem in the past because for the most part, I went through the Diamond line. And the few times I waited in the regular line, it was at odd times, so I barely waited. The wait isn't an issue - that's bound to happen at many other popular buffets.
4	Being a Vegas native, we get the best of the best when it comes to buffet choices.  Now in the buffet world in Las Vegas, you get what you pay for. If you pay $10 for a buffet, you'll get an experience reflecting that price. But if you decide to shell out that 20 to 30 to 40 dollar range, you can have some of the best food that rivals good restaurants in other cities, all buffet style! The Carnival World Buffet at the Rio has been around for a very long time, and I've eaten at it maybe a half a dozen times over the years.  For the sake of this review I'll speak about the most recent time I ate, about 2 weeks ago.  As usual the food was absolutely fantastic, I specially like their Italian an Asian sections. I also had a phenomenal cut of prime rib, a perfect medium rare how I like it.their seafood section is also very fresh, with delicious crab legs, and nice large shrimps for shrimp cocktail.the waitress and bussboy were both attentive when we needed them also.this buffet is slightly expensive, as far as Vegas buffets go. So its maybe not the sort of place that you can eat at every single month, but overall it's  one of the top 10 buffets in Las Vegas.
4	After reading all the reviews here we knew what to expect and it wasn't greatness but instead great fun! My family and I had so much fun flitting from area to area checking out all of what this buffet offers. No, the food is not going to knock your socks off but it's far from bad. We munched and enjoyed different dishes from Mexican to Chinese and everything in between. It really is fun but don't come here if you're looking for a jaw dropping meal.
2	Used to be our favorite reasonably priced buffet... But over the years prices have gone way up and quality down.  Crab legs were pretty sad looking, and the duck (which I used to look forward to) was just scrappy pieces bathed in oil and liquid fat.Might as well spend the extra money and go to the Wicked Spoon or the Wynn.
4	If your main purpose of eating buffet is experiencing many different food, then this would be the place to visit. There are so many different foods from many countries are present and many of them of cooked to order. The servers are friendly and delightful (strangely it is not that easy to find the friendly people in Las Vegas hotels and restaurants). The ambience is light and spaceous, which I liked a lot too.The only reason I didn't give 5 stars rating is the fact that they are short oo friuts and vegetables. They only have the basics of fruits and vegetables. I wish they put more next time.
3	Quality of food is not that good. 3 stars because of variety, but honestly buffets in vegas are supposed to have this much variety. I'm only giving it a 3 and not a 2 because my friends like it and I'm feeling nice. Crab legs - can't steam, and they're okay, not too much meat so just get the clawsCocktail shrimp - fresh but you have to peelEverything else is standard, they have what most buffets have, chinese, japanese, noodle soups are different but they're okay, porridge was horribleTheir dessert is good. Gelato bar
2	Quality has gone way, way down over the years. Not worth the price anymore IMO. Certainly edible but many more choices at the same price point.
2	I heard and read so many good things about this buffet and the crablegs. i was not impressed what so ever! The crablegs are on ice! I mean really, on ice? I like my seafood hot! My husband had a few different things but overall we were not impressed at all.
2	One star all around, but I'm bumping it up to two because if you're a Total Rewards member and are a local, it's $11 to eat lunch here. But oh my god, I paid $11 to eat this crap? The shame.....First off, there's no bar service until 2:30pm on weekdays. What, the Rio doesn't like money? You're telling me I have to choke down these low-quality ingredients SOBER? Needless to say, I was furious. Nothing stood out as good to me except the gelato, which is pretty hard to screw up. Everything else was old, gross, preservative filled or not food. It's like Golden Corral (a restaurant that we in my family affectionally refer to as "The Pig Trough") but in a casino. I went a few years back for dinner. Nothing else stands out except that we waited two hours for a table (it was the day after Christmas, I suppose) and that the food was plentiful if not edible. Save your pennies and go elsewhere.
4	so many good things here. service is pretty good. selection is king. cant go wrong
3	Don't get the unlimited alcohol unless you like cheap wine and miller light draft. Tipping the bar tender well got us upgraded to the "good wine" which was still pretty cheap stuff.The food was pretty good though, we were definitely satisfied with everything but the alcohol.
1	Five stars to the waiter/busboy Fransisco, he was awesome.Was not happy with the service from the host. She was very rude and would not sit a party of 15 down together. We had all payed for our dinners in families already and when the  host asked us our party number she said that we had to pay extra gratuity. That would of been completely ok but the part that irritated all of us was that they still would not sit us all together. Oh and by the way it was dinner for my best friends 21st birthday and that big group of 15 people that wanted to sit with her to celebrate her birthday was her family. On top of that there was a whole area that was not being used with a huge table that would fit us all.It was not until we got settled down that Fransisco came to the recuse and brought us all together to enjoy our meal together.  As far as the food, mehhh...quality is not that great.
3	This was some good food. great value.
4	As a cheapo local, CWB hits the spot, everytime. Prime rib is the staple of my plates at this buffet, and for the local price, you really can't get any better. The service is always attentive, our drinks never get empty. They always drop off wet napkins and crackers for the crab legs, and they are always around to pick up dirty plates. Food wise, most of the dishes are quite good, but average. The prime rib and seafood are the big deals around here, succulent, juicy slabs of rib on each plate is a must have for me. Atmosphere, pretty casual. Nothing overly fancy or romantic, just a great place to sit down, eat lots, and have a great time. My only complaints about CWB is that the crab legs are ICE COLD. Steaming options would bring this review to a soaring five stars, possibly seven if possible. :P
2	$80(inc tip) for breakfast for three people on a Sunday morning.  Mind you, that was breakfast, not brunch, which I think was $3 per person more, but not until 10:00 a.m.  The roast beef was mushy?  I can't really describe it any other way.  it was just bad.  The most redeeming quality was the omelet station, probably because it was made fresh.  Denhy's, ihop, or Jamm's would have been by far a better choice, especially considering the money.  Debated on whether or not to do Bacchanal and went with this because $42 for brunch seemed a little steep.  I can't even make a "you get what you pay for" comment for this buffet because it was $28/person.  Where else do you spend that much for breakfast and get crappy food?
4	I am getting hungry again just thinking about the night's I was here! The regular (guest) entrance had a long line for dinner! My family and I went threw the VIP area which was quick and painless.The Carnival World Buffet, has a amazing selection for the food! While the sushi area was small they offer really fresh salmon maki and shrimp tempura! They had a long line for the prime rib and it was amazing! Worth the line for the WAIT! The cook really did a amazing job! They has stir-fry and noodle-soup area! Their so much different food that it became hard to sample all their food before getting full.The only reason, I took off a star was because the waitress seems to busy to clear our table of the dish but I would RECOMMEND this Buffet!
4	The food was so good! The groupon I had made this a great deal. I would eat here again and I loved loved the salad bar. Lost one star for the wait being 45 mins to be seated. That aspect was a little disorganized.
1	Just no. Line was long but had the longest wait when we got to the front. The host was also being very unprofessional. Yes, it was hot but fanning yourself when all you're doing is telling the waiters how many people are in a party ... They have a big selection of food but everything was eh. Seems like they add sooooooooooooo much salt into everything :/ also, their "gelato" do not taste like gelato. Not even froyo or ice cream. It tasted like cold melting milk ... Bleh , was very disappointed.
2	if you'd like to experience a true Las Vegas Buffet, don't go here.  You have so much better options out there.  I heard this place used to be famous for the seafood and that's why I decided to go but...  not any more!  king crab legs are skinny thin, no lobster tails and all the other foods are generally below average.
3	It's Vegas, right? I came here drunk with a group of friends. All I remember is the line was ridiculously long so you can go to the exit and pay an additional $10 to get seated right away. Once inside I remember it looked like many other buffets. Nothing too special, but I did like all of the desserts that they offered. The gelato was pretty good here. The last thing I remember is getting some prime rib and spilling the au jus on my jeans. Looked like I pissed myself :( The worst part though was when I spilled the horseradish on my pants. That looked like...well you know... Anyway, from what I remember the buffet was good here. Maybe not worth all that money, but when you're chocolate wasted it's worth every penny!
4	One of the best buffets in Vegas.  Not as good as my #2 Wynn or Palms and #1  The M Resort in Vegas but this place has a lot to offer.  I find this place special for their Udon soup.  It offers great food and besides the Village buffet in the Harrah's 24hr Total Buffets package this place is one of the best.
2	I wanted to eat here because I have always heard the Rio had a great buffet...I wish I had not wasted my time. I waited in line for about an hour just to pay, then another 10 minutes to be seated. They provided no way to crack the crab and I ended up hurting my fingers. The rest of the food tasted pretty much like cafeteria food. For 40 bucks a person, I feel is was entirely not worth it. Plus the Rio is really run down looking so I didn't even enjoy hanging around after eating.
1	One star for the gelato. The rest of the food was not good and the RIo hotel is in bad shape. It was recommended by Worldmark, and I am unsure why. We went on 7/6 for breakfast and there was no line at all. No wonder...
4	For selection and quality at comparably priced buffets on the Strip, the Rio buffet can't be beat. And their desserts take second to no one!
2	Not what I expected. Food was really dry and didn't have much seasoning. The best part about this buffet was the ice cream. Not worth the price!! The line wasn't too long for being a Saturday night.
3	Geez this place keeps going downhill every time I show up.  You would think with new buffets popping up, they would step their game up.  Nah....We only came here because we wanted to do a buffet and we were staying at Rio.  The food was ridiculously basic and pretty cold.
2	So far waiting in line for the seating takes awhile but once you're in there get your grub on it was not really worth the wait. The A.Y.C.E. foods are a  hit or a miss depending on the days and that day was amiss. The crab legs did not come out of the shell and the seafood was not the business. I tried their Chinese food section and that did not go as well either. The only thing that did this place justice was the mango ice cream with the flan in it also, the cheesecake. I only labeled these sections because they're my favorite foods to eat. The price was expensive but we got half off because my friends were locals of Las Vegas we would of paid 100 dollars for the three of us instead we played 50. It's expensive with bad quality of taste of their foods. I'll go next time if they stepped up their food game.
4	While the crab legs are not top notch.. for 16.50 for locals for unlimited crab, very good prime rib, sushi, clam chowder, great stir-fry, Chinese, and very premium gelato there is nothing to complain about i recommend this buffet to anyone looking to get a great bang for your buck here in the las vegas area, i've been to many buffets but this one i keep coming back to for the price is right and so is the food, only bad thing is get there at 5:30pm or sooner or be prepared to wait in a very long long line :/
4	Went for lunch. If your local & have a rewards card it's half off. 12$ a person m-f. Service was very good, food was good, a lot of choices, I was surprised at the overall experience, good quality & nice people. A lot different then I remember or what people are saying. The desserts are really good, that's not my thing.
1	Easily the *worst* meal I have ever had in Las Vegas.  Prime rib that wasn't cooked long enough. Roast turkey that was so dry it crumbled, hot and sour soup that tasted like a bowl of beef gravy, Chicken Parmesan that resembled a hockey puck... desserts so full of fake sugar my I almost felt my teeth rotting on the spot.  Cod filets that were closer to fish sticks. The *only* redeeming aspect was the service. Spend a little extra and go to the Bacchanal at Caesar's.  I'm going to be sick now.
4	Free champaign and mimosas for Sunday brunch until 3 pm. Nice deal. Crab legs, shrimp, and sushi always fresh.
4	PROS:- I have tried many buffets on the strip, but I must say this one had the widest and best selection of different dishes! There is a gelato bar with about 10 flavors of delicious ice cream! There are certain dishes that I don't see at other buffets, such as duck and other Asian dishes. The buffets at Mandalay, Imperial, Caesar's, Paris are small compared to this place. - The price is the average price for comparable buffets on the strip, about $25 for lunch/dinner- There is no long line because the place is so big and can accommodate more people.CONS:- It is located inside the Rio Hotel, which is a couple blocks off the main strip where all the other large hotels are. It is not within walking distance. You have to drive there.
2	Recently relocated to Vegas though we have dined here in the past as tourists. Decided to experience Carnival Buffet again for Sunday night dinner as they were offering 50% discount for locals. They don't do this anymore, only 25% so not only is the quality subpar but it is overpriced. Got there shortly before 4pm so there was no line but caution: if you arrive prime time the lines get longer! Atmosphere & layout is good but rate it 2 stars because if you were paying full price $29.99 per person with players card it is not a good value compared to other Vegas buffets. Negatives: if you like crab (we do!)  Carnival's are the snow crab which is obviously the cheapest & smallest they can procure, a bit salty, & lacks meat & sweet taste. My spouse commented the salmon he had was dry and tough. Salad bar is OK but no Caesar blend & nothing special. Selections are varied but nothing really stands out. Some other buffets in Vegas similarly or much lower priced offer much bigger better crab & unlimited beer or wine but at Carnival you have to pay significantly extra for wine, etc.  Positives are: pleasant staff, good Prime Rib &  shrimp dim sum, gellato is good. Best can give Carnival Buffet at Rio right now is just a half hearted recommendation.
2	Food was terrible!! When I pay $32 I expect above average food!  I liked maybe a handful of the foods I tried! Crab/crap legs were terrible as well. I will not be coming back here...
4	When I take my family to Vegas they get together and look up Vegas buffets to try. We got an all day passes for the Las Vegas Flamingo, Paris, Harris, and 4 other hotels for 49.00 a person for a 24 hour pass with Totalrewards. If you purchase the All Day Pass at dinner time you can have Breakfasts, Lunch and Dinner the next day a good deal you think but for 4 people that's $218.00 dollars with tax. My family wanted to stay an extra couple of days so we found a good rate at The Rio. hotel. Out of all the Buffets we went to the Carnival World Buffet was the best experience and it was not even close. I have stayed at the Rio before and have always loved this buffet. They have a very large section and they have sea food too. I will say that for years this Buffet would have always gotten 5 stars from me but this last time it just seemed that it as gone down just a little but I can't put my finger on what it is. Buffets have become so high in price and there are so many Buffets in Vegas now the Rio may have let there buffet slip just a little. With that being said I still think this buffet is in the top 5 of buffets in Vegas.
2	I am not a huge fan of buffets but I thought coming to this buffet would change it. Not was I wrong! Still not a fan of buffets! Everything was so soggy or really tough.My husband somewhat likes buffets and this one did not impress him either....I recommend coming with a Local resident because they get a 50% off discount! Definitely the only plus side.One complaint I have is that their exit area needs to be more cut off or secure because we saw people walking in through the exit to get gelato or to plop down at tables with no receipt and basically eat for free! We saw at least five people walk in without being detected.
3	I came here because it's 50% off for locals so I got in for about $34.50 for two. First thing I got to say is that it went downhill from the first time I came here back in the day. I eat a crap ton, so even if I did pay for 30 bucks I'd usually eat my money's worth. So I got here and the the line was quite long. Surprisingly the line went by pretty quickly; got in within 30 minutes. Got seated pretty quick and our waiter got our waters to our table pretty quick too.For the food, prime rib wasn't bad ! The brown gravy tasted funky for the mashed potatoes. The salmon was way overcooked. I didn't care for it being frozen because its a $17 dollar buffet, can't be toooo picky. Some stuff just couldn't be edible because it was kinda disgustingly bland or ew. I ate like 7 plates, not counting dessert, and food quality id say is a 2.5-3 stars. Back then it was like, delish and better made :(. The best part are the gelatos though. I'm a sucker for sweets. Locals make sure you get the players card in order to get your discounts !
2	There is a lot of variety but the food was not that great. The line is long but that goes for every las Vegas buffet that's in the strip. Honestly, if it wasn't for the cheap discount, I don't think anyone would go there. The service also sucked.
3	Bigget buffet in vegas and quiet possibly the entire world!!!!Huge selection and pretty good quality.Only downside is that its not as gourmet as some of the other places but if you're a picky eater, you wont have trouble finding something to eat.Takes a good 10 minutes to walk from one side to the other. BTW check out the Discount Ticket stands for 25% offBuffets i have been to in order from best to worst:Bacchanal - CeasarsWicked Spoon - CosmopolitanWorld Carnival - RioSpice market - Planet Hollywood, The BellagioParis Le Village - ParisParadise Garden Buffet - FlamingoMore Buffet - Luxor
2	We were told repeatedly that this was the best buffet in Vegas.  We were sadly misinformed.  It was the same food as all the other buffets (I.e.; cafeteria food)...very blah.  Las Vegas is no longer the king of buffets. Don't waste your $$ on this one.  Find a nice restaurant off the strip & get your money's worth.
4	We go to Vegas once a year and always hit up several buffets.  We ended our day here at 9pm after a show and closed out our 24 hour buffet pass.  My only thought the entire time was "Why haven't I been here before?"   But seriously, buffet food is buffet food.  While there is nothing super special about this buffet, I did like the HUGE selection, the gelato (which was served in the small size little cups which were perfect as sometimes just a few bites is all you need to save room for other deserts), and the service!  The place was dead as it was time to close in an hour, but still, we were impressed with the delivery of the drinks and removal of plates.The food was 100% comfort food.  Nothing super special, but a solid selection and tasty.  Sometimes I think buffets try to get to fancy up-scale with their food, and that's not always something I'm looking for.  One nice touch, we're Platinum Card holders so they gave us a little handy wipe.We'll definitely be back next time we're in Vegas.
4	the whole 2 weeks i was here at this hotel i had great views of the strip and great buffets here. sooo filling and tasty.  Not as good as MGM buffet: steaks.  but really tasty desserts.  gained alot of weight here.. connected to the super wealthy part of Vegas in the condos on the far end of the strip
4	This buffet is ridiculously huge and everything is good. From crab legs, lasagna, and hot and sour soup to carved roast beef, menudo, and sushi. They have everything. I call their dessert station " An oasis of dessert in the desert". Cheesecake, gelato, peach pie, and bread pudding. The list of sweet treats go on and on and on. A sweet tooth paradise. Go hungry and leave happy and plump is what I say.
2	I don't know why year after year I keep going back to this place expecting something different.  Big selection, food is buffet food average, but after you've been to the Wynn, Mirage or other buffets at this price, you'll see why you won't go back.Again, the selection is enormous.  But the food is average or below average.  Plus the cost in my opinion is high for what you get.  Not a real fan.  It's more of a convenience for me when I stay there because there aren't many choices in the hotel.
5	In almost everything in life, you get what you pay for.  The Carnival World Buffet is no exception.  The buffet is a little over $30/per person.  But for that price, you get an actual smorgasbord off cuisine from Italian to Mexican to Asian to seafood.   I am far from being a dessert fan, but I actually went back for seconds on gelato.  The orange gelato is a perfect compromise between sherbert and ice cream.   I'd also give incredible kudos for the buffet's fried foods which actually stayed hot and crisp.   The buffet experience makes me want to return for a stay at the Rio!
2	Not the best. Ate here before the Pen and Teller show since had to plan day to get there.  We got there at 630 a d the wait line was atrocious!  I recommend that using cash or credit as there is no line for that, which we discovered 30 minutes after waiting!!! The food not worth the wait.  Bland at best and dry at worst, dessert table nothing to brag about either.Its a work tour Buffett of Mexican, American, Italian and Chinese.  The crab legs are there too but sooo small not worth the effort.  Its a 25 Buffett that has watered down drinks and no extra forks! Make sure to keep yours.  I go to one Buffett a trip to Las Vegas just for the different foods, definitely not going back too far and not worth it.
5	THIS IS MY FAVORITE VEGAS BUFFET.It is affordable and they have sriracha. They have a noodle soup section that is freaking awesome. If you like tom yum soup get the #4. Their fried chicken wings are also delicious. Most buffet food tastes the same to me but I keep coming back to this one. Out of all the amazing places to eat in Vegas, RIO CARNIVAL WORLD calls my nameeeee.
4	Probably the best buffet i had ever eaten at.  The food choices were plentiful and the food was delicious!  You definitely need to come here hungry so that you can taste a little bit of everything.  Definitely will be coming back here again.  A little on the pricey side but well worth the food.
4	OMG, It is crazy how they can serve so much food and even crazier how much I can eat!!  The good part is that I took my time. I was afraid that I would look like a contestant on the Biggest Loser!  Ok....I got there when they were changing from Lunch to Dinner where they change out some of the food, not all - that's good to know.  Anyway, they managed to capture every taste bud imaginable.  Pizza, Pasta, Pork, Pot Roast, Potatoes and even Pudding.  I had things I would not have had on a regular basis and its buffet, so if you don't like it, get something else.  I think I paid $35 which l if you think about it was $17 for lunch and dinner not bad (I didn't have a coupon).  The server was great (ok... she brought my drink and cleared the table, but offered a nice conversation which is nice).  The desserts were good, HOWEVER, a lot of them were similar, some were sugar free, but for some reason they didn't knock my socks off like the entrees. The dessert area looked like a little bakery.  This place was on my agenda to visit and it was well worth it.  PS...that food that I never tried before was the Sesame ball, OMG it was great, I don't know if it was mass produced or what, but it was ggooooddd.  Looks strange on the inside but I like to try new stuff.  YUMMY.  Oh the crab legs - there was like a gazillion of them.
4	Everything's more delicious when you're starving and nursing a hangover, right? With that said, I was in that state when my friends and I went there on a Monday morning for breakfast. It was my first time there and I was pretty satisfied with their huge selection. With the way their buffet is set up, you pretty much have to walk from one end of the restaurant to the other. With our timing, we happened to catch the end of breakfast and the beginning of lunch, which I was super excited about, being the foodie that I am. Haha. Sad to say that I got pretty full after my first plate, so I didn't eat much after. Their selection of food has pretty good variety. The breakfast menu consists of everything from pancakes and French toast to Eggs Benedict and hash browns, and of course bacon and sausage. Their lunch menu is pretty decent, too. Their roast beef and sushi were delicious.The customer service was decent. When my friend asked for orange juice, it took them a while to get it to her, but they cleared our plates in a timely manner. Next time I'm in Vegas I will definitely come back and hopefully try some of their desserts. I was too full last time to get some. :(
2	I've been going to Vegas for 10yrs now, the Rio buffet was always a must stop. The Rio buffet is now off my list, while the price goes up the quality keeps going down. My last 3 visits l felt l didn't get my moneys worth, l didn't even bother to get 2nds. But hey if you see the Rio it only makes sense the Rio as a whole is pretty rundown.
3	I am afraid that this buffet is a study in mediocrity. The dishes are executed with relative proficiency, but not precision and with a total lack of inspiration. There are exceptions, such as the fruit gelato and the Asian pork. The fresh seafood was noticeably scarce, and while there was a wide selection to chose from, nothing was out of the ordinarily. This buffet us a decent value at half price, but you can truly find much better food just steps from the outside of most any casino. And the restauranteur will be more appreciative of your patronage than the casino, for sure!
3	This place has seen better days. But they always have a good variety of food and decently tasty. I mainly come here for the prime rib for dinner and some sides. With locals discount being 50percent off I can't really complain except maybe that the line can be very long at times. Still a good bang for your buck with the locals discount
4	Honestly, I don't know what everyone is whining and crying about. My family and I absolutely LOVE this buffet. I've been to other buffets and this one definitely beats it. We're locals, so we get the whole 50% discount AND we always come to dinner because that's when they bust out the good stuff: yummy crab legs! The food is pretty delicious. I don't think there's one thing that I've tried here that I didn't like. Every item that I got was fresh and even the meat from the steak or the fried pork belly was nice & tender. Everything was flavorful, too! The crab legs had A LOT of meat in them. Pair that up with butter & you're definitely good to go! The cocktail shrimp was fresh and delicious, as usual! It's definitely a STEAL when you only pay around $13-14 for ALL-YOU-CAN-EAT CRAB LEGS! There are other places where it's $35-50, but seriously? You get pasta, pizza, shrimp cocktail, asian food, american food, bbq/grilled food, and mexican food WITH the crab legs. STEAL! STEAL! STEAL! But you may be asking: "But Mimi, if you're so excited about this place then why only give it four stars?!" For one reason & one reason only: service. Their service here is always slow. Although they have nice servers, I just wish that they were proactive about refilling our drinks & whatnot.Other than that, this buffet always makes my tummy and wallet happy! I will definitely be coming back for more :)
1	You are better off going anywhere else.  This Rio buffet used to be great because they were the first to offer so much and with big variety, but now all the hotels do.  The food was good of course, but for that price you can get just as good food (if not better) somewhere else AND with better service.  The 1-star rating is for the horrible service.  Our table and seats had food crumbs all over them and we didn't get asked what we wanted to drink (or even water) for over 10 minutes.  We had no idea who our server even was!  It wasn't even crowded either. We tipped the bus boy who took our plates away since he was nice and doing all the work anyway.  We probably should have asked for the manager but didn't want to make a stink, so sorry to bother you server-in-the-section-we-were-seated, we won't be going again.
1	You are better off going anywhere else.  This Rio Carnival buffet used to be great because they were the first to offer so much and with big variety, but now all the hotels do.  The food was good of course, but for that price you can get just as good food (if not better) somewhere else AND with better service.  The 1-star rating is for the horrible service.  Our table and seats had food crumbs all over them and we didn't get asked what we wanted to drink (or even water) for over 10 minutes.  We had no idea who our server even was!  It wasn't even crowded either. We tipped the bus boy who took our plates away since he was nice and doing all the work anyway.  We probably should have asked for the manager but didn't want to make a stink, so sorry to bother you server-in-the-section-we-were-seated, we won't be going again.
4	Friends treated us to rio's buffet. Don't know prices, but we'd probably pay to eat here anyway. Selection is plenty! Our company loved their crabs. Gelato was good, and the guy who served us was cool. One star off for our server who refilled everyone's drink around our table and skipped us tho...
1	This is a very large buffett, lots to choose from, but unfortunately lacks taste and quality! !
5	out of all the buffets I've been to here in Vegas this is by far my favorite one to go to even though i don't really go here that often :)
4	They have the best selecrion of food, the prices are outrageously overpriced per person 37$ a person is INSANE for any buffet, but the food was good I really liked their gellatto I threw up to fit more in my tummy haha.. the waitress there was a little too much she checked on us every minute ..it was nice and all but dang can I eat before u take my plate ??
2	It's ok. Nothing special. I expected better quality from a Las Vegas hotel buffet. They do have a lot to choose from and a giant variety,
2	I've had better buffets at Sizzler.  Long lines, stale food and just a very dirty apperance. This used to be the spot to eat if you wanted a buffet experience. Garbage!!!!
5	Great breakfast friendly staff, I was totally happy and would certainly return!Great spread....  5-solid stars!
4	50% off for locals with rewards card. We don't come here much because everytime we go here they always sit us all the way to the end (even if you request, they'll say nothing is available), either on the left side or right, and it's a long walk to get the food that you want. But we kinda miss this place so today was hubby's bday... We have 2 kids with us and 2 seniors. No long line today(yehey!) and when we request a table in the front because of the seniors... They gave us one! Wow!!! We have KRISTINA from Poland as our server and I approached her to ask if Carnival does birthday plate(desserts with happy bday on it) just like in Studio B at M Resort and she said no :( ... I said that's ok, thank you. So we started eating and a few minutes later she came back with a plate full of dessert with a pie on the middle with a little candle (how sweet!) and we even sing happy bday :) ... That was a very nice extra effort and a very good customer service! Thank you so much Kristina from Poland! How I wish that the management of Carnival World Buffet could see this and recognize KRISTINA as a good employee and an asset for them! 4star because some of the food are dry (mashed potato, mini cupcakes, fries)
5	In the past I would have given 4 stars easy.. I would definatley give 5 stars just for the fact that they were so accommodating. I emailed the Rio explaning that I've always eaten there when visiting and really wanted my husband and brother and sister in law to experience the buffett however due to having had weight loss surgery over a year a go i'm very limited in the amount of food I can eat. I asked if it would be possible to pay the children's price and also explained that I had a card from my surgeon with my name on it as well as the type of surgery I had. I was emailed back with in 48hrs and readily accmodated. I was told to just show the cashier my card and I'd be able to order at children's price and I can talk to the chef if I had any particular diatery needs which I did not. I was so happy and thankful that they so willing to accmodate me and my family!The food is endless and a wide variety as alway! I enjoyed my meatloaf and mashed potatoes and some crab!
3	It has a decent selection of assorted Asian foods (it should, it's a world buffet, duh) I also like the change in between breakfast/lunch that I got for my buffet. I got to try both meals, which was neat. However,  I've just had better meals, and better buffets for that matter, in Vegas.
4	Even thought there was not a specific dish that stood out to me, i give 4 stars because of the Huge selection. Most people should be able to find something that satisfies them. Ive been here twice for lunch, and will return for lunch in the future, but for the price, dont think Id go during dinner service.
4	How do you get a local rewards card? My sister lives in Henderson and I'm trying to find out.
5	Okay I've been to a few buffets in Vegas and I never thought carnival would be one of the ones I would visit off the strip ??? It was good for the price and I tried most of the different selections and to my surprise it was all good !!! I would recommend a visit off the strip and come to Rio you'll be happy ;) and you'll save some cash $$$$$$$$
5	My hubby and I just enjoyed a fantastic dinner here! Prime Rib was delish, sushi was very tasty, and all the fruits and veggies were fresh:) Even though the line looked long when we got there, it moved pretty fast. They just told us the locals 50% discount will be changed to 25% Dec 1st, so go soon!
1	This place has gone downhill from the time it opened. The food is horrific. The pastas were soupy with no flavor at all- the fish looked like something they would serve in a nursing home, bland and colorless and once again drenched in liquid ( I guess to keep them from drying out) even the gelato bar can't compare to the studio b buffet- if you want deep fried food and or lots without quality or thought into how it is presented come here to eat but remember there are other places that you can spend your money at that serves better quality food.
4	Started our buffet of buffets pass last night here and started out with one server but ended up with Ronald when we moved tables because a family with a loud kid sat next to us.The buffet was as it always is, some things great,  some okay, and some just no. They have a lot of variety in choices and loved the biscotti with my coffee. Almost took some with me!  Ronald was great, very attentive and was always on the ball. Players club get discounts I believe, could be wrong, and locals get half off.
1	My wife and I paid $67 for the buffet, and like everything else at the Rio, it was deserted. There was an outbreak of the norovirus at the Rio this past weekend, and I assume people were worried that it came from the buffet, because it was dinner time and the place was way less than half full. They have a velvet rope where they make you wait before being seated. There were three employees standing there staring at us behind the rope. One of them acknowledged us, asked us how we were doing, and then just stood there and stared. Not even ten feet away was a section with about ten tables for two, and only one of them was occupied. As visible as these tables were to us, they were even more visible to the three employees staring at us. Also visible were the buffet lines, with maybe five people total getting food.We waited about ten minutes and finally it just grew absurd. We decided to ask for a refund. For $67, at a second-rate off-strip casino, it's ridiculous to make anyone wait. Especially not when the place is basically deserted.The refund process was a hassle. The employees all took nasty tones with us, and the manager who gave us the refund didn't even apologize for the whole ordeal.Avoid this place like the plague. Actually, with the norovirus already present, maybe the plague is next.
4	My home away from home, Rio, had a kitchen that had anything I wanted. Well, I should say buffet. I've been traveling to this Carnival on many different occasions. Breakfast, lunch, and dinner. All of my visits were positive.For breakfast, who could say no to unlimited bacon and mimosas? My favorite breakfast items are the eggs Benedict, sausage eggs muffins.For linner (lunch + dinner),  I couldn't pass up on the prime rib, kielbasa, fried chicken, mac & cheese, quesadilla, and taquitos . The assorted sushi were fresh and enjoyable. As for the desserts, the gelatos where my most memorable dessert. Tiramisu gelato for me please! If you want to be traditional with your dessert, the good ol' apple pie al a mode will not disappoint.All my interactions with the waiters here were all entertaining. A little more extra tip was given to some great service and hospitality!Great price and wide selection to get your "fatty" status on!
5	Best buffet in Vegas hands down! Don't indulge too much on one item cuz there's too much good food! You'll want to save some space to try all the delicious food that calls your name. Lol. Not to mention desert...yummm!*And big rig parking right across the street, huge plus for me. Just a short walk.
3	The food is still great.... but the locals discount has been cut back, we wont be commin back nearly as much now. Bad move on the Rio !
5	I go to this place is the best and biggest buffet. I come here every time I visit Vegas and it never gets old. I like to take my time and just try a little bit of everything.
3	I love this buffet.  The food is always fantastic and that is coming from someone who is not a fan of buffets.  I recently went with a friend from out of town, because the buffets on the strip are just too expensive and being a local, we get 50% off....well we used to anyway.  I was shocked when the hostess told me the total. I think she noticed my jaw hit the floor lol.  Anway, the service the food, all still amazing.  Too bad about the discount part.  If you are a gambler, you can still work your way up to the 50% discount, but for those of us who do not...we're sadly out of luck.
4	I really take buffets for what they are. As a local I think my review is cheated because we get a steep discount with one of their players cards which makes it a really good value. If I were not getting that discount I wouldn't recommend it to the visitors. So please excuse my bipolar review.They have a big variety. They have your typical sections. Italian, carving station, Asian (Chinese and Japanese), Mexican, a salad bar, and American. Uniquely they have a custom noodle soup bar, a choose your own stir fry station, and they have some crab legs and shrimp to peel.There are a lot of good dishes like the mozzarella and cherry tomato salad, Chinese pork belly, and the soup bar. This is a popular buffet so their food is usually being turned out pretty fresh.Honestly it's about as good as GVR, Red Rock, or Sunset Station. Just a couple of notches better. But a station buffet is $10?Their carving station is lacking specifically the bland prime rib. Their dessert section is lacking and the crab legs that probably directly impact the cost aren't that good. If I were a visitor I would spend the $10 more and go to Bachannal or wicked spoon. I've realized I'm not a buffet person. I'd rather spend $30 on a nice meal then $30 on an endless amount of hit or miss dishes.Would I pay $30 plus a 20% gratuity? (There bus men and servers are quite attentive to cleaning plates off your table and refilling your drinks) No I would not. Would I pay the local price? Yes.
2	A friend wanted to take some out-of-towners here and invited us to join them. I've been here numerous times throughout the years, but it has been quite awhile since I last visited. Inexplicably, the line at 7pm was very long. We persevered but were disappointed to find out that they reduced the locals discount from 50% to 25%. The regular price for Sunday dinner with the Total Rewards card discount is currently $29.99. Since we were with company, we decided to pay the higher than expected price and hope the food was still decent. That was a poor assumption, unfortunately. While the buffet probably has the largest selection in town, the quality has deteriorated even further than it's mediocre heyday. For example, the grilled mahi mahi and breaded haddock were fishy and singularly unappetizing. Perhaps, the best items are the Chinese duck (if you can actually get a decent piece before it is cherry-picked by other diners) and the dessert station. However, compared to other upscale buffets, calling their gelato and other desserts lackluster is being generous. In the past, it would merit 3 stars, but in its current state and price point, it is a 2-star experience at best. I don't see us going back even if they reinstitute the 50% locals discount, not unless some major revamping occurs. Next time, even if invited, we will politely decline.
5	Wow, cant say enough about the Rio World Carnival Buffet!  I have yet to have a bad experience there.  The line outside is probably the worst part, depending on what time you get there!  I find the seafood to always be fresh!  They have live cooking stations throughtout the restaurant that ROCKS!  Yes I am a buffet foodie, and I have been to many....I find myself returning to the Rio on a regular!  The price, quality of food, and for the most part, the servers are great!
5	How is it that I haven't reviewed this place yet? Well, if you are either going into the strip or leaving the strip, make sure you save $40 to eat here.. Yea, you read that right, $37 per person on the weekend, but I think it was definitely worth it. They have soooooo much food you will not be able to taste it all, no matter how hard you try, trust me. They have little sections to separate the kind of food, so they have the Italian-like section with pastas, lasagna, pizza, and then the Mexican part with tamales, menudo, enchiladas... then the Asian with pho, fish balls, pancit. Then the American with corn, potatoes, etc. Then a salad section with salads, cheeses, mac n cheese, fruits, and breads. Then the dessert square which has ice cream and all sorts of desserts. They also have a mini bar with no stools from which you can get a big blue drink, but I think they only offer that one type of drink... not other liquor or anything.Service was good... a little too attentive. I couldn't eat in peace before the lady would pass by and try to take my plate, but overall a good Las Vegas buffet.
2	When I got here I saw the lines were long so I'm thinking oh this must be a good place.so I waited in line. Was getting annoyed the way they had the line set up and they were only letting few people in at a time as if we were getting on a ride.. well I was fooled! Buffet wasn't as good as I thought it would be. They Did have a huge selection but food tasted pretty plain. Not very flavorful.  I tried a lot of the food there and wasn't very satisfied well other than the crab legs. Food wasn't that hot too. Dessert section was good though huge selection and good ice creme. That's about it.
5	I rarely give a 5 star rating but this buffet got one from me!!! The buffet is so big. And I've eaten a plenty of buffets. The staff was friendly and quick. The selection will blow your mind. This buffet is so big. Man. I'm stuff and still haven't gotten a chance to try everything yet. This is crazy. Generally a buffet this huge the food is lacking. But this place is up to par. I give Rio Carnival World 2 thumbs up!!! Better than Caesar's Bacchanal and Cosmopolitan's Wicked buffet!!!
4	This has been my favorite buffet for a long time.  It is huge.  They have a very large selection of food, and it's all really good stuff.  A wide variety including Mexican, Italian, Chinese, and American. The only thing I noted this time compared to previous visits is that they didn't have some of the fancier dishes anymore.  They used to have hasenpfeffer (for example), but no more.  I seem to recall other things like chateaubriand, but nothing like that this time.  They also seem to have removed their burger station (which is good...why pay so much for a buffet only to get a burger??).Overall it's still my favorite buffet, but I have not been to the Bacchanal at Ceasar's...I hear good things about that one, but it's very expensive.  The Carnival World buffet is on the "Buffet of Buffets" pass, which is very cool.
3	Ive been to this buffet almost every time I come to Vegas, which isn't very often maybe 3 times a year. I don't know why today wasn't as good as the last couple times it just didn't seem that great.Our waitress was very attentive friendly and made sure we had whatever we need.The snow crab legs were dry and not worth the effort they didn't have a salad bar with vegetables.I don't know exactly if and when this changed.But there is plenty of food from all different parts of the world to accommodate your taste and the dessert bar is very good.At $32 for an adult dinner it just seems pricey.Maybe I need to check out some other buffets.
5	One of the best buffet in las vegas.I got the $49 deal which gives you a 24 hours pass to many of the hotels, I will go to eat dinner, breakfast, lunch, dinner again that 4 meals in 24 hours great value
4	The Vegas review sites all tout the Rio's buffet, and then you say to yourself "Well, it' sounds good, but it's off-strip, so meh, I'll skip it."Bad choice when you chose a strip buffet over the Rio. Here you pay less, and get more.  More seafood, more beef, more different food (samosas,   enchiladas and trout!)  Not hugely crowded like the Bacchanal buffet, nor overly fancy like the Wynn.  Nor is it grungy and crappy.  It's just a nice, good quality, lots-o-choice place.However - you get pretty basic desserts.  And therein lies the rub for some people.  If you're a dessert person, this is not the place for you.  Well, if you like bananas foster it is, but not much else for the sweet tooth.Service is basic and honestly, they could really do better at clearing your plates or being a bit more attentive, but it's still worth going here.
3	I gamble so I eat free buffets. I would not eat this buffet if I had to pay for it and I sure as shit wouldn't pay the $22 they are asking for lunch. As I write this I'm thinking that if I wouldn't pay for it then I probably shouldn't eat it period, right? But buffets are quick and easy, especially if you have a line pass. The salad portion of the buffet is decent. Hence the 3 stars as opposed to 2. It's clean and fresh. They do a high volume of customers so they refresh often. The green curry with eggplant as well as a few other dishes at the Asian station are  pretty good. There are also quite a few veggie and fish options to chose from.BTW the locals discount has been cut form 50% to 25%. All I know to do is complain. Squeaky wheel gets the grease right? But I digress, if you pay with points it doesn't matter.
3	While $29.99, $32.42 with tax, proved to be too much for this feast.  While there was a lot offered at good quality, it wasn't worth the price as compared to some of the finer hotels.I was there at 10:15am on a Saturday.  Mimosas are served, and I had two (delicious).  They had a good amount of breakfast and lunch items,  and I had a little of each.  Yes, lunch is already served.  Brunch.Nothing was outstanding, but all was good.  It isn't an enormously large buffet, but ample nonetheless.I think I would go back if 1) I was drunk, 2) I had a hankering for AYCE, 3) I was stuck without my car, 4) held hostage, 5) I was drunk.  Oh I said that.  Well, if the price was less...I would go.
5	Its expensive for sure, but it is  THE BEST buffet in Vegas. HANDSDOWN!!! They have everything you could ever want and its all good. Nothing tastes processed or like it was made to cut corners since there is such a high turn around. The line is constantly long because its THAT good!!
2	With dozens of buffet choices in Vegas, there are better options.I wouldn't say this buffet is bad, but it's not really good either. Lots of stuff that should have been hot, or even warm, was cold. I also made the mistake of getting the unlimited adult drinks, which ended up being some of the worst wines I've had in a long time -- we're talking undrinkable bad, and I'm verging on needing a 12 step program.Maybe try going here drunk, the food might taste better, or you just won't notice.
3	Grew up coming to The Rio Buffet. They have a good variety of cuisines but my favorite were the made to order soups like Pho , egg noodles and other Asian dishes. Oysters were a fail here. Super slimy, small, mushy and not pleasant at all. Prime rib was standard, they have raw horseradish. Shrimp Cocktail were a good size and plump.Crab legs were pretty thin and annoying to open for the amount of meat you get. So I gave up on those after about 3.Pho broth is delicious. You can add all kinds of different meats including bo vein (Vietnamese meatball), rare beef, etc. Hoisin and condiments including fresh herbs like basil, bean sprouts, lime, etc.Desert station was plentiful but the most popular was the ice cream/sorbet station. Nothing really stood out for me here. Overall, for $35 it's mediocre.
5	Just re-visited this buffet and it still lives up to its reputation.  I think a lot of people put this place down, because they are either spoiled with fine dining or they have too high of an expectation!  This is not an Outback Steakhouse, nor is it a Claim Jumper or Olive Garden.  Don't come expecting to get that good quality of food.  The food is very very descent, but it is not gourmet.  Very rare is there ever a gourmet buffet out there.It takes 1 minute and 40 seconds to walk the entire food area (non stop)!  24 seconds to walk the entire dessert area!  That is 2 minutes and 4 seconds worth of buffet!!  Think about it...go walk 2 minutes anywhere and you will get an idea of how long the food serving area is (and there is NO repeated food item like what you see at other buffets).
2	I'm doing it, I hate giving a review for a 3 star place. But since I have never had the chance to review back in its glory days this shall be my review. In it's glory days I always went out of our way to eat here. I mean its not the easiest place to eat when you stay at the southern part of the strip. But this maybe my last stop here. I've never really liked Rio for gambling anyways, so the only reason to come to this casino has become moot.Okay lets talk food. So in the past, weekend brunch came with champagne. Me: can I get some champagne for the two girls in the party?Server: "Do you have an all day pass? Then no."The food was average, it used to be that I felt like I was eating world cuisine. I understand that I got there at 1030 so it was mostly breakfast, but does the rest of the world not eat breakfast, I think not.Their gelato was fabulous, but I will not be spending $25 a person for gelato again. I will stay on the strip from now on when we visit vegas. Maybe The buffet at Bellagio or the one at Caesar's. Sorry Carnival World Buffet, but as I was writing this your 3 stars dropped to 2.
3	Just had dinner there and although they have a huge selection I expected better taste and quality. The sushi was very dry looking and didn't taste that good. The prime rib was tasty but also dry. The New York steak was good though. I also had peel and eat shrimp which tasted fresh. There wasn't a wait which was nice. The waiter was this sweet older guy who was fast and kept our drinks full. He brought such a smile to my face as he was really nice. We didn't have desert but the desert area was stocked with lots of good stuff.
1	I went there nearly 20 years ago when The Rio first opened and loved it. All I can say now is great desserts an salad. That's about it. I ate from each of the ethnic choices and was disappointed with all of them. The food was either over cooked or under cooked. The prime rib was poor quality meat, the crab legs were sparse and the Mexican food didn't taste like Mexican. It tasted like spicy, dry dog food. The service was great but you can't eat service. I left full because at $31 a person you eat even if you force it down. All I can say is, "never again!"
4	Came for dinner. I really wanted to get crab legs on my trip to Vegas. The legs were really tiny, but I still enjoyed them. Dessert was disappointing. I liked the coconut gelato, but it seemed really frozen and not creamy. Nothing was labeled in the dessert section, so I accidentally grabbed carrot cake. It was dry. So was the cream cheese frosting. The strawberry tart tasted really artificial, like it was made of strawberry instant pudding. I liked the fried scallops and shrimp. I couldn't find soy sauce for my sushi. It's been a few days since I ate here, but I remember liking it. Everything is all kind of a blur because we did the Buffet of Buffets--ugh, never again.
4	I try to come to this buffet anytime I am in Vegas... I am not a big buffet fan, but I love the rio buffet b/c it has so many options!!! and a massive dessert/pastry bar/islands/section whatever you want to call.  They have it all... Mexican, Italian, Sushi, Pho, Chinese, American, Seafood, etc.... anything you're looking for, they'll probably have it.The price isn't that bad either when compared to the other buffets.... you also get a discount if you're a member of Caesar's Total Rewards program... it's free to sign up!
3	Rio has two buffets, at each end of the casino.  This was their first one and maybe the less popular one, but I think it's one of the better buffets.  Perhaps I should give the Seafood one a try.  What I remembered about this place was the stations, set up by ethnicity was pretty cool. Sure others have copied them, but 'm pretty sure they were the first. Like most buffet, some of the food was good and some weren't.  I'm not a fan of buffet, but getting sushi, although not great, is always a good thing.  Alaskan Crab legs is always a plus too.
2	Been to this buffet literally 50 times when they had 50% off for locals and I could get 50% off the lunch price coming in at 3:15pm and eat the dinner food...dinner would be around $8...5 stars, best deal in town. Now that they've increased the price a couple bucks and decreased the discount to locals at 25% it's just not worth it for what you get when there are WAY better buffets for just a few more bucks if you time it right.Snow crab legs are just dirty, small dried up things now...back in the day (2005) they had king crab and REAL prime rib,  not the thawed out and thrown in the oven salty roast beast every buffet serves up these days.If you like variety, this place is for you, but nothing stands out as phenomenal. If you come here and decide to pay full price, spend the $8 bucks more and go to Bellagio or Wynn...even Paris with a groupon (that has slipped recently). ...and if you are on vacation hit Bachannal Buffet at Caesar's. So many people come here and blow tons of money on alcohol, the casino games and entertainment but seem to cut corners when it comes to food. Skip this one...
5	great food decent price lot of choices
3	We read that this one was good and we had the Buffet of Buffets pass, so we took the shuttle from Bally's to check it out for dinner.It was another average Vegas buffet for me. Nothing was really memorable other than the fact that it's massive. It literally would take a couple minutes to walk from end to end. The food was just OK though. We won't likely be back, especially since it's off The Strip. I should add that the staff was all friendly.
3	Came here for the $29.99 dinner buffet with the bf. For dinner, they do have a spectacular selection from pasta, pizza, hot and cold crab legs, Asian noodle station, Chinese food, Mexican food, salads, and dessert. But be disappointed with their sushi selection. I think there were three, maybe four rolls out.  I tried their carnitas, smoked ham, calamari... All Not too bad. But I suppose I didn't come here for quality. However, I think they do reallllly well with Asian food. Some of the best duck and pork bellies I've had!!!  Ok, the best five spice duck I've had!  Pho was ok- I even put duck and pork bellies in it to  try and enhance the flavor, which worked for a minute. Sooo dessert- if I based this review on the fact that they didn't have banana cream pie, I would have given them two stars. How ever, I have to say their dessert selection was good. But was it tasty?! Not so much. Of the two dozen or so dessert options, I was only a fan of their banana fosters and tiramisu gelato. Red velvet cupcake was stale. Eclair was ok.  So would I go back and pay $30 again? Probably not.  maybe $21.99
1	Looked up buffets and was one of the few that seemed abit above average in vegas . We were a group of 10  payed 32 dollars each for something we expected to be good . We were wrong  it was alot taking into account the food was HORRIBLE.Tried the different varieties of food American Asian , Mexican there was not one that i completely  ate because the food was so bad . The only plate of food I had was a salad, and a waffle . Don't get me wrong there is a huge selection of but the quality is just terrible Don't recommend it especially if you don't want to walk out with a stomach Ache
4	I don't usually review these places, but standards are so pre recession!! Drum roll!!! No but seriously this was a bad ass buffet in terms of selection. They had a very eclectic one at that, I liked the concept if the noodle bar where you could get pho, ramen, wonton soup or some other kind of Asian noodle dish you create , basically like a subway.  They had pork belly which I thought was cool, some pretty good meats at the carving station, and tons of other things that I can't go into detail on because of the drunken nature of the moment. With that said the desert bar was slammin!  Mid go back here in a heartbeat  if it's a 24 hour wait at all the other high end buffets!
4	Great food. Good service. I wouldve given this place 5 stars but they didnt have pickles. Lots of booze though. Good times. Another strange thing was they have a photographer ready to take your picture as u enter, why would anyone want a professional picture done at a buffet? Calm down Vegas, u are already getting all of my money.
2	Not 50% locals anymore, well for those not at platinum level, so I don't feel it's worth it to go here.... For a sub par buffet it's not worth my 20$ per person. Sorry, Vegas has other buffets that are worth it.
2	I was satisfied coming here when it was 50% locals. For around $17, this buffet was good. BUT, for full price of a 25% discount for most locals, it's not worth it at all. The front entrance of the buffet reminds me of a corral where cattle are herded into. There's electronic pay machines one one side, and a small booth for the human counterparts. The problem here is when you want to get a discount, which you can get $1 off with their member card, you have to line up in the human one, and that one is LONG at times.Service is pretty lazy, and the layout of the buffet seating is pretty odd in places. Booths can feel broken at times, and chairs are uncomfortable. Drinks are drinks, but the alcohol service is pay by drink (others like Studio B are complimentary). This buffet is large, but most of it is made up of "make your own" stations that suck. Make your own tacos (with prepackages/easy to cut up stuff), and whatnot litter this place. The food is basically O.K. Not amazing, but not disgusting by any means. Salad and soups are standard fare, asian sections sit around for a while (cheap sushi sits out, and certain steamed items get hard and gooy after a while). Crab legs (though I hate them) were rather thin, but people still flock to them. What I find surprising is that the previously frozen fried food was great--fried perfectly, and the deserts were pretty good (aside from the random one that looks great, but tastes horrid and is hard to eat). If you're a visitor, go somewhere else.If you're a local without their "platinum" membership, go somewhere else.If you have that platinum membership card, think about going.
5	The buffet is a little much but it is worth it. They had EVERY thing. I had no issues with this place as the food was spot on. I will go here again next trip to Las Vegas.
1	My family and I used to love this buffet, when it was 50% off for locals. Now today we went at my daughters request for her birthday (I called ahead confirmed pricing and learned it's now 25% off for locals) We wait in line, go to pay and the idiot (they hire a lot of them) says no locals discount on Sat, WHAT? I let her know I called ahead I was told there was a discount, let me speak to your manager. She then pretended to call on the phone and a radio she never actually spoke to anyone "sorry manager is not available for the next 20 mins" are you kidding me???? Talk about NO customer service, The Rio USED to be all about locals, guess what? Not anymore way to go we live here and would frequent more often. The Buffet was good but not $30 a person good. So for now this local says see ya!  Unless you plan to train your people to provide good customer service ie: be polite, understanding and accommodating, not shrug your shoulders and stare off blankly, and bring back the 50% off all locals then MAYBE I'll be back otherwise I'd rather pay for a better place
4	The food is still good. A bit overpriced really but that stops no one. The lines can get crazy.They are a bit nuts about making sure you don't get in with a discount. Our local friend tried to get us in but had to run home to get ID, and a utility bill to prove he lives there. We had to wait, but in the end we got in that time with a discount.Other times we paid full fare. This time the crab legs were too salty. That was one thing we were looking forward to but didn't enjoy after the first bite. Sad.Bananas Foster...where else can you get it out of New Orleans? Not many places. They have it here.Convention facilities: Huge..plenty of room for almost anything.
4	This is such a LARGE buffet!  Probably the largest I've ever seen so there are lots of options.  That being said, the food was acceptable but not outstanding.  The good thing is that it was fresh, not old.  The bad thing is that it was average tasting.  There's nothing wrong with that when there's so much!  That's why 3 stars.  We got the Champagne brunch, not a bad value for $32 per person.  Our waiter was on the refills too!  Our server was fantastic!  He earned this place a whole additional star, bumping it up to 4 stars.  :)  He was very nice and responsive to our every want and need.  I would definitely recommend this place, just don't expect gourmet food.
1	Went there for dinner on friday. Their cold crab legs still had ice crystals in them as if they were just removed from the freezer. The texture was terrible. I would not recommend this buffet to anyone. If you are looking for some crab legs, you are better off going someweher else.
3	The service was quite nice and did come to check up on us but the food was more mediocre at this buffet. I had pasta and the steaks and I liked them but neither were spectacular. There was no prime rib so that also disappointed me. I did notice that there was a lot of bread which would be nice if you could take it. The soup bar and teppanyaki were nice and customizable but nothing too special in terms of taste. This buffet reminds me of the Asian buffets in New York or LA that you can go to for $10 so it's not great but still good.        The dessert section had lots of pies and cookies. The gelato was alright as well. There didn't seem to be anything that stood out to me though.        I liked the decor and the VIP seating area. The way the buffet is set up is nice because the food is all in a row so you can just keep walking to the right or to the left.
1	This buffet used to be my favorite, but not anymore. The crab legs were bad, too salty, not fresh. They were not cut open, took forever to eat them.We went there on a tuesday night at 8:45. They had so many empty tables but they let you waited for so long! and the moment you got in, you don't really have time to eat! SOOOOO terrible!!!!!! will never go back!!! never!!!!
4	Not bad, this buffet is big!!! I got the 24 hour pass and we ate around 9:30... They close at 10pm but kept serving until everyone leaves! And all the food is still restock!! Wow very good. Dinner plus taxes and everything I saw it came to be $35. We got the 24 hours pass and didn't need to pay. Lots, lots, lots of food. They even have a pho station, wonton , and other stuff. Out of all buffets for just the 24 hours! would this would come in 2nd and  bannchanel first.
4	I thought the overall selection was outstanding!  I purchased the 24 hour buffet pass for the third time, but this was my first experience at RIO.  I thought the food selection was diverse and the overall quality was good.  For the size of the entree food, I would have expected more of a dessert selection.......oh well I was too full to eat a lot of sweets anyway.
4	This is the first buffet I ever had in Vegas, way back in the day. 7 years later I still come here when I'm in town.First off, It's HUGE. There is pretty much everything your heart desires here. I'm fond of their Asian selections, with dim sum and some really delicious duck. Also, the variety of seafood is large, with crab legs to boot. I don't even know why you'd pay the extra on buffet of buffets to eat at the seafood buffet.Desserts always vary, and they have gelato.Even in all the times I've been here, I feel like there are parts of this buffet I haven't even seen because there is just that much there. Staff is also pretty attentive with drinks and anything else you need.
1	Don't come here expecting to get a local discount worth eating at this mediocre buffet. We used to come here and eat for around $30 which was reasonable for 2 people. Called to double check to make sure the discount was still available before driving to the strip and sure enough it says half off on the recording.  Well after gambling and standing in line to pay we learned that you have to be a triple gold platinum star rewards member or some bs.. Lame. Time and travel wasted.. Super hungry. Now it's only 25% off for locals.. Would have been $50 for both if us. I rather go to the M buffet and eat some quality food for that kind of $. The manager even refused to honor the discount on the recording. So no more reason for us to come to the Rio and spend any of our money. I'll go to a Station casino where the prices are reasonable for 3 star buffet cuisine..
5	Best meal I ever had at a buffet. Comfortable. Great ribs and soups. Ask for chaiwat for server
3	Since we were staying at the Rio and everyone raaaves on about this place, we gave it a go.First impressions, massive! Like massive massive! There was soo much choice! Often with buffets, some of the food can be sitting there for a while and end up being dry, but not this place!When we arrive the lady was replacing the chinese roast duck with a freshy. It was amazing good! On par with duck you get from hongkong!The ribeye, cooked to perfection!They also had a make your own noodle bar. Pho, udon, ramen, etc. The wife asked the chef to make her a bowl of plain Pho witb some greens. Half way through she found a friend in her soup... A lady beetle! Not happy...Called the manager over and they happily refunded her meal which was the least that they could do!When you are such a reknowned buffet in Vegas, you would think that some more care would be put into preparing the food. But other than that, it was a good experience. And lots of choice.
4	One of the better LV buffets I've eaten at for a few reasons: 1) great service during champagne brunch -- unlimited mimosas! 2) reasonable price seeing as how many buffets can be upward of $40 per person. I would go here again.
2	I used to love coming here because they were so locals-oriented. It used to be 50% off locals, now it's 25% off with a rewards card. I haven't been here in probably two years, and this place has declined in all aspects! I like how they have a big selection of food; from Asian to Hispanic. But the flavor is bland and just dried out. The food has definitely been left out for awhile and not at all fresh. I like the desserts here. Their gelato is good but the pastries and cakes I don't really care for. Customer service is ok. Our server was quick with our drinks and providing more napkins, but a little slow with taking our plates away, which I understand since he had a lot of people in his section. But the hostesses at the front desk were completely rude and impatient with our party. She spoke down to us like we were stupid. As I've stated, we haven't been here in two years so we didn't know their new "policy." Don't know if I would come back after that experience. And definitely not worth every penny even with a discount.
4	Been going here for many years, and recently went back when visiting Vegas. Place hasn't really changed in ten years, and that's a good thing. Very reasonably priced, and I usually have breakfast here. Lunch is good to, but if you want high quality, gourmet food for dinner, I steer clear. But, as I said, it's very consistent here, and never really had anything bad at this buffet.
4	First time here was maybe about 7-8 years ago with my parents. After all those years I still enjoy this buffet. I don't eat meat so I was actually happy with the fish and other offerings they have available.If I was rating the desserts by itself I would give a 5 star. The food is 3.5/4, not great but the dessert bar is the bomb dot com!If your going to avoid the higher priced buffets but still want to go to a buffet then come to the Carnival World Buffet! DO NOT  go to the other budget priced buffets, you'll regret it.
4	We eat here every time we come to Vegas, which is around twice a year! It's a good pick for our group because this buffet really does have a little bit of everything.The Good:Large variety of foodMade to order stations for soups and tepanyakiGreat customer serviceAmazing dessert bar!The bad:It's pricey. We paid $33 a person this last time.The line is always long.Is it the best buffet in Vegas? Maybe not, but it's pretty darn good for being off the Strip. We'll keep coming back.
4	This place was HUGE. I still can't get over it being $33 a person, but if you like to eat and eat A LOT this is the place to go! The food was average for a buffet. My only complaint was that it was SO huge and the way it was laid out made it seem like a ton of walking to get food. I never even made it all the way down to the end. It should be more of a circle rather than a wall of food.
3	The food is pretty good we been there several times but not recently, we havent been in a while, I wonder if they still do the 2 for 1 with a players card on weekdays? Thats a pretty dang good deal!
4	The wait wasn't quite at the end of the winding ropes, but it was close and it took us about an hour to get through it, paid and to a table. It looks new and is designed well. There is a friendly staff to make your dining experience its best. The options in this buffet were immense. They have 11 separate buffet areas. I wish I had room to make my own stir fry, but I was too full from the 3 buffets I had within the 24 hours prior to this one to finish off my Buffet of Buffets. I started with a salad because I had been eating too heavy lately. They had a multitude of green options (iceberg, romaine, spring mix and spinach), and a decent array of toppings and dressings. Everything looked fresh. I also had a cup of the chicken noodle soup, which was flavorful and hearty.I had a plate of snow crab legs, and the server noticed quickly and brought me a tool to get into the legs with. They were cooked right and had a good flavor to them. Their lasagna was wonderful. It was the right amount of gooey cheese, a perfect amount of  sauce and a balanced amount of meat. Utterly delicious. One of the only downsides to this restaurant is that nothing was labelled. You had to guess what everything was. Even if things are changing and rotating, there should still be a label.The dessert bar had a large number of options for gelato/sorbets, and pies. I was too full for a pie (although, the cherry pie was calling my name), but I got the orange cream sherbert (I'm half guessing on the type of ice cream). It reminded me of the flavor of a Push-Up ice cream. Creamy and light, it was the perfect end to my meal.I would definitely recommend this restaurant to someone else. It was worth it to be a part of the Buffet of Buffets pass. I saw that this is $33 per person to enter without the pass. I would recommend the Bellagio over this one, if I were paying outright, but it's good for the deal.
2	Eek!!! Their selection was very disappointing for the price that we paid. The only decent food item served was their prime rib. Otherwise I wouldn't recommend going back anytime in the near future.
3	After my nightmare of eating at a Paris Buffet, I was relieved to find this buffet. A huge selection I enjoyed the noodle bar and fresh veggies. So many choices.
5	So many options, so little room on plate! So happy they had Asian noodle soups. Was everything we chose delicious? No, but there were so many great things that the couple so-so things didn't matter.
1	Back for the first time in almost 10 years.  Boy has the quality gone downhill.  Being a vegetarian, I remembered a lot of selections.  Not anymore.  Sure I was happy with their endless Del Taco-esq cheese quesadillas.  And sure sure their onion rings were pretty good.  But after that?  Steamed veggies CRAP.  Steak fries nowhere to be found, only thin ones that weren't good.  My carnivore hubby said they best part was the cookies.  When the cookies are the best thing at a buffet -- something is majorly WRONG.  My father felt sick all night after eating here.  I could understand why after looking at all the strange colored meat he was inhaling.   We paid $33 a pop for dinner.  I pay $7 or so a pop at Suncoast's 100% better buffet.  This place is past it's prime and totally needs Gordon Ramsey's help.
5	Just went over spring break and oh my god this has to be the best buffet I've ever had. Their chicken parm literally made me cry of how good it was. The gelato was amazing everything was amazing. I recommend.
3	We went to the buffet two nights in a row and there was no consistency between the two nights! One was a Saturday dinner and the other was a Sunday dinner! There were a lot of dishes they made Saturday that they didn't make on Sunday. Salad bar wasn't very extensive, lots of stuff was stale. Best part was the desserts and the carving station with the prime rib and pork roast! Both were delicious!! All in all lots of quantity and variety, lower quality! Still was good but I would make sure you go when it's busy so the food is constantly being changed out and not sitting! Price was okay! $33 per person. Kids 4 and under are free!
4	The splurge of every Vegas trip. I enjoy coming here just for the randomness of food. I always try to go about 30 mins before dinner starts so I can pay for lunch and still enjoy dinner without paying the dinner price. Honestly, the food isn't the best you can find but it's good and if you don't like it, you just keep on movin. And there's ALOT of moving you can do since it's so big. My kids were like kids in a candy store with all of the pies, cakes, cookies, sorbets, gelatos, etc. and my husband most def feasted in the prime rib and crab legs (both are dinner only).
5	Growing up in Las Vegas this was my favorite buffet and I haven't found one ever as impressive as this one.  I haven't been in years and it sounds like a lot of people are complaining about the quality going down but for nostalgic reasons I am giving it all the stars!
2	Wasn't impressed. I heard good things about this buffet and I was disappointed. Gelato was the best thing. Steak, chicken, and pork were all dry. The pizza was soggy and the bacon tasted gross. Expensive for mediocre.
1	I've always heard this was one of the best buffets to experience in Vegas annnnd well I am going to disagree. They have a huge variety of foods, but the quality is a good as microwaveable food. The crabs legs have almost nothing on the inside and the shrimp is gross. My boyfriend had lasagna and got food poisoning. I will never go here again.
5	the best part about going to vegas for a trip is this de carnival world buffet  .i been to all the buffets in vegas non come close to this 1 .overall 5 stars for me and my family.
4	I went here when I was in Vegas for vacation back in March of 2014. Carnival World Buffet was our first stop for food when we got settled into our hotel ( located in The Rio Hotel). We were seated right away and serviced immediately and our meal was free because my boyfriend had $400 worth of points to spend on food in Vegas from a credit card he uses. Our server was awesome. All he did was clean off our old plates and refilled drinks but he was just super friendly. We tried to tip him but he wouldn't accept the money. They offered a large variety of food. brisket, BBQ chicken, ribs, pho which was my favorite, a carving station that included turkey, glazed ham, pot roast and so on. They also had various Italian dishes, seafood, more traditional american food such as burgers, corn dogs, soups, salads mash potatoes, vegetables dishes, etc. It was hard not to find something you didn't want or like. Because we went at a time that was slow, some of the food went quite some times sitting in the same tray. Makes the food look very unappetizing. Other than that, the buffet was great. I do think Bacchanal Buffet is better but this one is a close 2nd in terms of best buffets I've gone to. I will be back in the future simply because I really enjoyed the Pho and the great service.
1	not impressed at all!! the food looked like it was sitting out for a while and for the price we paid, it was not worth it $54 for 2 people. the sushi was crap, the mashed potatoes were crap and pretty much everything but the crab legs and shrimp.if i would've known i would have eaten at an all you can est seafood restaurant. if there was an option to rate it a zero then this would be zero.
3	The seafood here is NOT fresh, not really worth the price. Some sauce can be weird tasting to some customers. My suggestion is to have seafood before you go to Vegas.
2	I nearly got lock jaw from trying to chew the calamari. The mac and cheese was pretty tasteless. Most of the food left much to be desired, however the chicken wings were great. Not sure they were worth the cost of the buffet though. Better to stick with Hash House if you want to indulge.
2	Mehh. I guess this buffet used to be the issssh, keyword, used to be. Crab legs didn't taste fresh nor were they meaty. Unique part of this buffet was the Asian soup section, pick a broth and add whatever you like. Not worth the line or time.
3	This week was the first time I had ever been this buffet. I have been dying to go for years because a lot of people have told me it's good. Don't let my 3 star rating fool you though. There are more pros than cons.Pros:-This buffet has a huge variety of food. It is comparable to the size of the Bacchanal Buffet, which is my favorite buffet in Vegas. -The asian food is excellent! If that is what you like, then I highly recommend this place. My husband and father-in-law have also commented that this buffet has the best duck they have ever tasted. They both work in the food industry, so that speaks volumes to me and I know I have to try it if we ever make it back here.-The gelato is also very delicious. There's lots of flavors to choose from and they're all good. -Service was awesome. Our server was quick to refill our water. She also offered us extra napkins and even gave my hubby empty plates for his crab shells. That was unexpected, but very kind.-It was relatively empty upon our arrival. We came at opening time for dinner (3pm) and there was no line whatsoever. We actually thought they were closed. Haha. -We got a discount for being local. Sweet.Cons:-The price was still a lot, but I guess it's to be expected because they serve seafood everyday.-The main reason I knocked a whole 2 stars off of my rating was the quality of some of the food. For example, the mac and cheese had no flavor and it was slimy and just plain out gross. Also, they have the weirdest cheesecake I've ever tried. The base is made out of sponge cake which gives it a weird texture and the cheesecake is also flavorless. I could go on, but I think you get the idea. Just a lot of the food was lacking flavor. :/Overall, this place was great, but I don't know if I would make the long trip over here. There are better buffets out there.
5	excellent customer service...!! fried chicken was the best in vegas.. seriously.. crab legs were small but hey can you pile em up unlimited..!!! desert bar wasn't that great.. locals get a discount..will definitely return.
4	Insane seafood buffet. Oysters and crabs overload. Copious amounts. If seafood is your thing, this is your place.
3	I visited a day ago for the weekend. The price was not worth the food, weekend price was 35+ but the food was basic and not even of the freshest quality.The weekday prices reflects the food that was served on the weekend.Overall, it's a little disappointing. Service was great though
5	CHAMPAGENE BRUNCH! Need I say more? I could not believe they were only charging 30 dollars for champagne brunch. I don't know how many mimosas I drank but I can tell you I left feeling elated. This buffet is not super fancy smanshy like the Bellagio BUT the food is good and the service is excellent. The divided the buffet into regions American food, Asian food, etc. I ate so many crab legs dipped in melted butter. Think about it right now is making me hungry. I  completely forgot my waitresses name but she was SWEETHEART we fell in love with her. She constantly checked up on us and made sure our glasses were full, table was cleared, and we had enough napkins. She definitely exceeded my expectation in regards to customer service at buffet. Her name tag said Manila she was from the Philippines.
4	If you like lot's of choices and to so much food that your stomach may explode then head to the Rio Buffet.  Enormous food stations with different kinds of food from all over the world.  From the typical fast food to more refined dishes can be found at this buffet.  After stuffing yourself with large amounts of food you can start over again at the dessert buffets.  Like most buffets is Las Vegas it's a affordable way to eat a  lot but if you want to discover new things or more exquisite tastes you have to look somewhere else (and pay more)Not suitable for people who are on a diet :)
3	They do carry a large selection of food and deserts. Have to pay extra for the full bar. I loved their sushi and cheesecake selection. Couldn't really tell difference between ice-cream and gelato....which everyone was going crazy over. Went to get desert and when I got back, my drinks were gone and table wiped clean :( guess they were eager to kick people out.The buffet is huge but less main course food and more side dishes like different types of corn,potatoes ( mash,fries,baked, etc), salad, different kind of rolls and so on. Nothing big n special like you will find in the strip buffets.
1	You can't possibly overcook a prime rib more than this place. What is the word used to describe 3 phases beyond "well-done"?Person after person would come up to the carving section, see how over cooked the prime rib was and just walk away and the guy at the station pretty much was left with nothing to do and seemed kind of embarrassed, "uh yea, this is all we have".Not only is it a disappointment for all the paying guests who come to dine wanting some prime rib, but it's a waste of food.I should post a video of the amount of people who walk up to the station and then take a look at the meat and walk away. You guys seriously need to take a look at what you are doing to your prime rib. The guy had 3 full prime ribs up there and each one looked like it had been stuck in a dehydrator for 3 days.This is not the first time I visited and the prime rib was napalmed. Hopefully this review will get someone on the inside to investigate the destruction of food.
5	Much variety!   As long as a football field!  It was good food. Very friendly service.  Good price for the selection. Rolls weren't fresh. Big negative for me.  At least six different types of breads and not a one was fresh.  Our picture was taken at the entrance but I have no idea where we were supposed to look at them. Glad I tried it.
4	Wow this buffet was pretty awesome! Huge food selection - I thought it went on forever when I was getting my food. The food was also pretty delicious and best of all dinner was only 27 bucks! Cheaper than most buffets and also have better food than the buffets that cost almost the same price. I could almost say it's almost as good as Bacchanal in Caesars Palace but for a cheaper price. The service was also very wonderful - our waitress was so sweet and she was quick at clearing the plates and bringing us refills. Overall I was glad we tried this buffet - I would recommend it as one of the buffets to try out while in Vegas.
5	This buffet is the best of the best. I have been coming here for years with my family and it beer seem to disappoint us.The lines are crazy but very worth it.The food is very good you will not regret it.
4	This buffet is a hidden gem in vegas. I had the 24 buffet pass and had been to paris and the "oh so special" Caesar buffet, and this place tops Caesars. Sure the juice isn't served in fancy little glasses and the food isn't plated in the cutest of ways, but when it comes down to buffets, I just want a wholesome quality buffet to satisfy my cravings. Rio definitely has more selection than most buffets and their Gelato bar is freaking awesome. Overall, quality and selection is spot on, however the atmosphere is a bit like that of hometown buffet; but, hey, then again we are talking about Rio.
5	Huge variety, the wait was a bit wait to sit down, felt like I was at Disneyland, but hey, it was Sunday Brunch.
5	This buffet is huge!! Lol Just went this past weekend and we got to use the groupon coupon which is 50 bucks for two people and two free bottles of wine! We wanted mimosas and so we ordered orange juice and the super sweet bartender let us have champagne instead of wine! We didn't finish one and got ti take it back to the room for the next morning! (:
5	Well, I have to say this is THE biggest buffet I have ever seen.  Yes, it is a buffet, but the most amazing and largest buffet you probably have ever seen.  It spreads from wall to wall in a huge room.  A football field long?  Maybe.  Close.  If you can't find something or numerous things you like here, you won't anywhere else.  With buffets you don't necessarily expect the service to be great, but service absolutely was great - from entering throughout our whole meal.  Michael Lee was so friendly and attentive.  He went out of his way to make a great experience for us.  Roberto refilled our drinks at just the right time and changed out plates like he knew when to be there.  Great fresh food, great service.  Get the crab til you drop!  Highly recommended!  I will be back.....
4	I went here with my cousin and brother for our first buffet with the "Buffets of Buffets" pass. We arrived around 4:30 pm and there was no line at all!Our waitress was really nice and delivered excellent customer service. She checked up on us a lot and would ask if we needed any refills. She also brought my brother a mini lobster cracker for his crabs!This buffet was huge and had a wide variety of foods to choose from. The food was decent, the variety really makes up for the quality. And while the sushi was pretty average, the rest of the Asian section was yummy! For dessert, we had the gelato which was delicious! Overall, our experience was great and Carnival World Buffet would definitely be one of the Buffets I would return to!My ranking of the buffets1. Le Village Buffet (Paris)2. Carnival World Buffet (Rio)3. Spice Market Buffet (Planet Hollywood)4. Flavors the Buffet (Harrah's)Didn't get to try the Paradise Garden Buffet at the Flamingo because we were too full from all the food!
4	One of the better buffets that we have been to. A huge selection and just about every type of food that you can imagine. The service was great and there was a nice selection of sugar-free desserts to choose from. The price is reasonable as was the wait time to get in.
3	I've been coming here for years and I believe the quality has been going down lately.  We never stay here, only on the strip and would make a trip just to eat their buffet.  The food is starting to taste like your typical buffet.  Nothing really special.  Same selection with subpar taste.  If you are a crab lover, then this is good for you since they serve both warm and cold carb legs.  Lines can be crazy so come early or late.
2	Food was okay for buffet standards. Don't be fooled by the inexpensive rating. The place was quite spendy - over $70 for 2 people and no drinks.
2	This buffet was not so good. Line was long and not well organized. Food was eh and they charged 25$ for barefoot brand wine. If you choose to go, arrive when it opens and but the pass from groupon.
1	They may offer quantity... But not quality. Not worth the money.
4	Bring an empty stomach Great food selection, great service. Mexican and Chinese food sections were excellent.  Crab legs were awesome! Dessert was average, but who eats dessert after a buffet? :)
2	Honestly,  this place is not so great anymore. It used to be alot better. With alot more selection. A few stations had similar things.  I wouldnt call it a selection. Not alot of meat selection either. It seems like people like coming here for crab legs and shrimp. Honestly, i think the Spice market at PH has alot more selection for lunch.  But i wouldnt recommend it since its gotten me sick twice already! Anyhow, i would say its average now. Not sure if its worth the price anymore. I guess it depends how much you are willing to pay.
2	I go to Vegas buffets all the time, and this is the worst I've been to so far.  Just go across the street and go to Ceaser's palace and eat at the buffet there.  It's like 20 times better!  And it's like 10 bucks more -_-
4	AWESOME buffet, especially when locals get it for 12 bucks!
4	This was a pretty good buffet.  We used a groupon for a two person dinner and a bottle of trinity oaks wine.  The place is located on the west side of the Rio.  It's a bit of a hike from the strip.  We walked to and from the Mirage and in July summer heat it was just bearable.  If you have the extra $40-50 for cab fare I'd recommend going that route.  The staff were ok on our trip.  It took a long time to be seated because of a chef changeout at all the stations.  Shouldn't have much impact on the food already out or cooking but I guess it did.  After being seated I walked up to the bar and was helped right away, given two glasses and my wine on a bucket of ice.  It took a long time for our server to bring silverware or waters as well.  They did come by reasonably quickly to pick up plates however.  The food was pretty tasty overall.  This buffet like many others on the strip are separated by region.  They have American, Asian, Italian, Mexican  seafood and dessert.  The crab and shrimp were very tasty and the Asian section was our favorite.  The Mexican section was the low point as much of the food was bland, undercooked and cold.  Desserts were very good they had a wide selection to include several different flavors of gelato and fresh banana fosters. Overall we enjoyed the food and atmosphere of this place.  It had a couple low point but as far as things go I would recommend giving it a try if you are in the strip area.
2	Went here once again with my entire family on Monday because it was my grandmother's birthday, and let me tell you.. The Carnival buffet is declining as far as food quality/quantity go :(The local discount is no longer 50% off. It's now 25%, and that includes your Total Rewards Card. Not only is it pricier for locals, but their food is a bit of a disappointment. They still have delicious crab legs that you can get warm or cold (I prefer cold if you ask me), and the delicious cocktail shrimp which they now have in Cajun. The cajun shrimp honestly tastes like they just sprinkled it the powder it on it and served it as is. When it came to dessert time, they didn't even have much of a selection compared to the last other times we were here. HUGE disappointment if you ask me :(Their service is the only reason why I gave them two stars. There were ten people in our table, yet our server was on top of his game! He took away our food and refilled our drinks, and the best part was that we didn't even have to ask him twice or we didn't even have to flag him down to ask for refills. It's like he read our minds and got what we needed.With that said, Carnival Buffet had better service but everything else is on the decline. I would much rather pay a visit to the Village Seafood Buffet at the other side of the casino!
4	Decided to come here instead of bacchanal.  Bf and I wouldn't mind paying over $100 for both of us, but the wait time is ridiculous so we decided to come to Rio.  Glad we did! Asian food was great, bbq bf loved, the pizzas were pretty good etc.  Don't forget the gelatos.  It's was surprisingly pretty cheap for the both of us.. $67.  No wait.
5	Bought a great deal on Groupon. Usually dinner is $32 per person, but with Groupon came out to $22 per person! Plus, you get a bottle of wine of your choice!There is a huge variety of food. It's just not possible to try everything, unless you are subhuman! Roast beef, prime rib, turkey, chicken, tacos, ribs, salads, sushi on and on and on. They have italian ice cream and a lot of desserts to choose from.  I've been to other buffets in Las Vegas and can safely say this is top 3 in my opinion.Service was great. Our dirty dishes were removed quickly, water refilled and it was all done with a great attitude. The line to enter for dinner went very quickly.No complaints from me.
3	Not the worst buffet, but -definitely- not the best. It's gotten more expensive as time passes, and for no reason. Because this buffet does not have the kind of quality anymore to be hiking prices up like that!Ambiance: 3 - This buffet is always very clean at its stations and very organized. At the tables, not so much. Tables are rather scattered, disorganized and a bit dirty when you sit down. Service: 4 - Our server was very good and extremely funny. He really always took care of us, constantly refilling our drinks and even getting us extra plates when one of us ate some crabs or crawfish! Food: 2 - The only things really worth eating at this buffet was crab and dessert. But this time, even the crab legs were just sub-par, only having a little bit of meat inside. The rest of the food was just average--there's really nothing that I can say because, well, nothing really stood out!Carnival used to be a better, cheaper buffet with bigger crab legs and with slightly better food! But now, going to Village Seafood Buffet is just a way, way better idea than spending that money at Carnival.
5	From my 1 year old:"This was the best buffet I've ever tasted.The crab was a little frozen but other than that it was great.The meats were nice and hot. This buffet beats every buffet I've ever eaten."I remember when the Rio was the best buffet in town and should be credited for creating the standard for all of Vegas' buffetts.  It is good to see that this is one buffet which Harrarahs did not screw up (it certainly did that to The Spice Market Buffett).
4	This buffet was awesome. No line when we got there and the food was amazing! I have never had such delicious beef ribs. Lots of vegetarian options as well which surprised me. The only reason I took away a star was because of the price. For 2 adults a 2 year old and a "close enough" 4 year old we paid 90 (after a $3 tip) make sure you are hungry or have jackets with big pockets if you eat here.
4	They have a good selection. Servers are friendly. Food is great except the limited selection for desserts. The last time I went there, the servers at the dessert section were chit-chatting. They know people were waiting but acted like they didn't noticed.
4	Ok, this buffet has it's ups and downs, but overall I actually like it and would definitely return for another meal, even though it's off the strip.The Ups - The food selection here is absolutely wonderful!  No matter what you have a taste for, this buffet will have it to fix that craving.  The staff at this buffet also seem very friendly and prompt once you enter the buffet itself (for more on that, see The Downs).  While the food isn't top notch steakhouse quality, it is still very very good, especially for a buffet of this size.The Downs - The line is a major down about this buffet.  We arrived and got in line at 4:30pm on a Monday for dinner and didn't arrive at the cashier until 5:15 to pay for our meals.  Once we paid, it took approximately another 45 minutes for us to get seated (finally sat shortly after 6pm).Overall, even with the wait, the buffet was still outstanding.  Was the 90 minute wait worth it? For me it was because it was my first time here.  Next time I visit, if the wait seems to be an hour or less, I'll definitely try it again.
4	Purchased a groupon for 2 for $49 taxes not included was great food looked fresh didn't wait in line, if you arrive after 7pm you'll be in a line. Waiters are great def will return again when in town.
2	My first trip to the Carnival Buffet and I can say it will be my last visit there. On the plus side the prime rib was pretty good with atomic horseradish sauce. The rest was truly forgettable. Many items were greasy,overlooked, or cold.Just because it is a ton of food for every whim doesn't make it good to eat. This was a valuable lesson learned .
4	This place did not disappoint.  My husband and I left quite content. So much that I almost had to be rolled out of there. Definitely recommend going before 6:15 to avoid the long line. This place had so much food and so much variety. I was even craving a wonton soup and surely enough they had some! They even had chilled edamame. Their fried chicken was good too. We sat near the dessert area, a very central location.  I found that I had to walk far at times to explore food options but it was well worth it and at the same time it gave me a chance to walk out the food a bit :-) I don't recommend this place for someone wanting all their food crowded together. Our waiter was great and our cups were never empty.  This is by far our top choice for buffets in the Total Rewards buffet deal. I only wish the wonton soup was less salty and that the cobbler would've been warm.
1	Not worth all the hype. Some of the food was cold. We only went because there was a deal on groupon. I wouldn't go there otherwise. The waiter took forever to get our drink order and the food was bland.
4	It's a buffet people!  Buffets are not fabulous 5-star dining!  We've eaten here Twice, never waited more than 5 mins to be seated and the servers are efficient and polite.  Nice selection of food, buffet is maintained well and taste of food is OK.
4	Definitely not THE best buffet in Vegas, but I chose this place specifically for its valueHaving said that, this buffet is pretty damn good and has A LOT of selections. Crab Legs for days, surprisingly good Asian food (they even have Pho!), and all your other essential Vegas buffet selections (Italian, Mexican, American).This place is also huge; that could be a good thing or a bad thing depending on how lazy you are. It stretches pretty far so you may have a long walk back to your table, but at least you're burning some calories at a buffet amirite? HeheAlso I wish they had more fruit selection as they only had melons and pineapples when I went. Not a deal breaker, but it's always a good idea to fruit it up after all the meat and carbs you're going to be stuffing down.Overall though this place is good for the price. Obviously if you want the full vegas buffet experience, you might want to check out the pricier places on the strip :)Happy Eating!!
4	Great food a lot o food paradise of food anything you can think of to eat they have their don't waste your time on the rice and potatoes eat what you don't usually eat, and try new stuff you may just end up liking it or loving it. Try to find a 2-for-1 Groupon deal with a free bottle of wine
4	For those who want to see how Carnival World Buffet looks like, I have recorded a FULL HD WALK-Though of the whole Buffet (Probably the best Rio Buffet walk-through on YouTube). It took me nearly 10 mins to record the full buffet from one end to anther end.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m8exL50x3wc After visiting Vegas over a dozen times, it was time for me to try Rio Buffet, since a lot of people keep saying that this buffet is one of the largest in all of Vegas perhaps the world. All I have to say is that this indeed is one of the biggest buffets I have ever seen in my life. It was very hard for me to choose what to eat since there were so many to choose from. Even my mom said she got tired from walking and carrying the heavy plate at the end of the buffet station to the table. This goes to show how long the buffet station is.We got in lines for the buffet at 3pm and ended up paying the lunch price instead of the dinner price. Dinner starts at 3:30. I think we got a great deal since we got to enjoy dinner food at 3:30 instead of paying at a dinner price.The food here is so-so. Not that great, but great for your stomach.  Since there were a lot of food to choose from, the quality of the food is just okay, not the best.The snow crab legs here are somewhat small and cold. I wish it can be steamed like some buffets on the Vegas Strip.Now I can officially say I've dined at Rio Buffet. Will I come back? Probably not, unless I get the 24 hrs buffets pass.So here's a full steady tour of the largest buffet in Vegas:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m8exL50x3wc
4	This is our go to buffet place in Vegas. It's more reasonably priced than most big Vegas buffets and has a huge selection of food to choose from. We've gone for lunch and dinner, but not breakfast. So I can't say much about that. Our times here have been good. The waiters were excellent and the staff was great every time. The food itself ranges from good - really good. There is a wide selection to satisfy anyone's taste truly. So much food it's overwhelming. We've come here often enough to notice the repetitiveness of what they serve, and realize that while the food is good, paying more elsewhere could potentially yield better food, in other words you get what you pay for. Not to say this place is bad, it certainty isn't! It's really the go to place for a reasonably priced, filling, good (not amazing or spectacular!) buffet in Vegas. It certainly isn't the best buffet available, the quality of the food is okay, so check it out if you're like me and not willing to pay atrocious prices at places like Caesars Palace or the Wynn.
4	Endless shrimp and endless crab legs. Top it off with friendly staff and Buffet of Buffets unlimited dining, what more can you ask ?
4	I really enjoyed the CARNIVAL buffet at RIO. They have such a great variety of all kinds of different foods. You have the roast beef which was so tender. They had Asian, Spanish, comfort foods. They also had a sushi/seafood bar with fresh crab legs and marinated shrimp. The staff is super friendly. My favorite part the wine bar but that is not included in the buffet price but was still cool. Went during the week so the line wasn't too bad. For all the options too the price was reasonable. Would definitely want to eat here again and try more foods.
4	This buffet deserves to be in the hall of fame. There was a wide selection of food for all kinds of tastebuds. Their clam chowder was definitely on point. Secondly, there was the outstanding service. The waiters were extremely friendly and helpful in getting our drinks, plates, or even give suggestions on what to do in Vegas. Last but not least was the dessert. Oh my, the dessert. The gelato was as good as any gelato store. You can't go wrong with any flavor, but my favorite was the strawberry. There was also cupcakes, moose, and pie. It is included in the Buffet of Buffets so it is extremely convenient to access.
4	We've been here a few times. Haven't been disappointed yet. As other readers would say there are certainly better buffets out there, but you would also pay a ton more. For the price you pay it is really good. All the norms of a traditional buffet, prime rib, sliced beef, etc. I had a couple exceptional dishes, the Chinese station was delicious. I had the egg rolls, pot stickers, fried rice, Mongolian beef and pork. It was awesome. My wife loved the California rolls and bratwurst and was absolutely satisfied. Overall I was happy, coulda got another star for better deserts and better Mexican. Definitely worth the trip.
2	We went here after buying a groupon. It was a good buffet but by far not one of the best. I am actually glad i got the groupon because I would have been upset if I would have payed full price for this place. Luckily I did read other reviews and I knew not to expect anything amazing. I just wanted to enjoy all the options they provide.Overall you have endless choices of food. The quality of the food is pretty low though. Nothing amazed me. Theres nothing really here to go out of your way for. Everything is mediocre. The best thing i tried was the tiramisu gelato. It was good and different. The worst was the calamari. It tasted like it had been sitting there for too long. And it probably had. Theres is not a great dessert selection either. Very basic and nothing special to the dessert selections.I didn't hate this buffet but I had tried the Bellagio and Palms buffets and they were far superior to this one. Of course less selection but everything tasted really great. Also the Palms has way cheaper prices and tasted way better in my opinionAt the end of the day the variety hurts this buffet at Rio because they never truly get to master a dish. Everything lacks quality.I don't think I would try it here again because it isn't worth the price. Unless theres a major makeover that happens to this buffet then I would rather use my money elsewhere.
4	A really pleasant surprise. We visited years ago and did not enjoy the experience. We visited again on July 23 and really did enjoy the experience. The offerings were fresh and tasty food was well presented and the variety was extensive. We look forward to our next visit
5	Prime awsome crab and shrimp in mounds food from around the world dessert never stops all fresh and good place seats 733 people and is in a wait
5	If you're doing the 24 hour buffet pass or not (but you should be) you just have to go here!! It's the best one in my opinion. Their dinner is simply awesome! My friends and I usually just go to rio for the entire 24 hour pass. They don't have a breakfast last time we went but we usually are not up that early anyways. Apart from the food selection, they have pretty good desert, especially the ice cream!!! It's yummy in your tummy! It's a must go to!!!
4	There was so many varieties.  That is probably the best thing about this place.  I never got the same thing twice,  except the deep fried scallops.  I was full about half way during my time here.  The food wasn't super amaze balls,  but it was great. A lot of the items were cooked very well and had very good seasonings.  Our server was attentive and courteous the whole time we were there and asnwered all our questions.  Plus free champagne via groupon!
5	Love coming here! They have a variety of food to pick from. It's a bit pricey but if you come in for dinner get here when it's still lunch to get a cheaper price!
5	Amazing food so high quality and so many varieties. I especially enjoy the breakfast buffet.
5	Excellent food...taste and abundant!! Though the line could be a bit long they seat you pretty fast and dependent on the group size. All levels of the wait staff are attentive and very pleasant!!
1	This place has seriously gone downhill. My family and I tried food from every single section and none of us were even remotely happy with the food. The meats were overcooked and almost everything we tasted was bland. Hoping this place would redeem itself with the flashy desserts section, we all tried someone different. Nope. Also horrible. I asked my husband what he thought of the cheesecake and he said, "It tastes like nothing, there is no flavor whatsoever". The servers are very nice, but that is the only redeeming quality of this overpriced, barely mediocre meal. DO NOT waste your money here.
1	Well we waited in line for this buffet for about 1hr and 45 mins. And when we finally got to the front with only 1 party ahead of us I'm guessing the manager and older white man named Art made us go to a different line and told me and my wife it would be faster. Well that was a LIE because the line we got sent to took us an additional 15-20mins waiting in. And about 6 party's that were behind us were able to get seated before us in the line we were previously in. Art pissed off a lot of people that night because all the parties behind us were saying the same thing. Good thing our server was a good guy. The food was good. I wish there was more warm crab legs instead of cold. Just a warning to anyone to who goes to this buffet don't listen to Art if he tries moving you lines.
5	The seafood buffet -- O M G.  I think I might have eaten 182 crab legs.  So many choices, all of them delicious.  If you're in Vegas, this dinner is a must!!
1	Over the years, this buffet has gone from being the best now to the worst. I've been going to the carnival world buffet since 2003. In 2003, they left me with an unforgettable experience and the food was really yummy. I went back to the buffet in 2008 and it was by far still really good food. Then doing the recession they offered Locals 50 percent off and it used to be a really great value. I would go once a week since it was only 12.99 for dinner. However, I noticed in 2012, they started cutting back on the desserts, the food quality starting becoming tasteless and cold, and the price went up. Recently, this year its no longer 50 percent for a local if you have a gold total rewards card. It's only a 25 percent discount and its now 35 dollars for 2 adult locals for lunch. It's way overpriced for cold, low endless food. The pastries are barely there and mainly just a few fruit pies and gelato. This used to be my favorite buffet but now I will never go back after the experience I have had this year with the food tasting bad. i noticed different managers were working there now than the managers in 2012. If they bring back the carnival world buffet like it were in 2008, then I would go once a week and pay the extra fee, but to me its not worth it. The chefs do not care about the way the food is cooked and I think the food is just being reheated and nothing is cooked homemade. They produce cheap low end ingredients and make you pay for a high priced buffet.
5	Possibly the best buffet I've been to. I tend to shy away from buffets because I always fear and suspect the large quantity of food takes away from the quality. That for sure did not happen here. Everything was good, but since the selection was so large I'll keep it to the best parts. Even if you take 1 out of every 10 items you pass you would have to make like 5 trips to even get to the end and you still would have only tried like 10% of everything. The dessert selection and quality was restaurant quality. I am of the weird sort that thinks ice cream is better than gelato but this gelato was great, not too sweet. You can tell every dessert was cared for and prepared from scratch. The crab was plentiful and already cut so you can just peel the meat out. My biggest pet peeve at buffets is the carved meats. They are always so dry and rubbery. I had the prime rib here and man was it perfect. Moist, medium cooked, and delicious. I WOULD ABSOLUTELY RECOMMEND THIS BUFFET AND WILL BE BACK MYSELF. I was with 2 picky eaters and 1 VERY picky eater and all three of them loved it. Bartender was really nice too.
2	The Good:Selection -- VAST....seriously the largest buffet I've ever seenAsian food was uniformly good -- better than most, but not the best I've hadService was attentiveGelato and desserts are amazing -- highlight of the mealCream of mushroom soup was exceptional -- freshly made, with good quality mushroomsThe Bad:Much of the food is not warm (particularly the woodfired pizza that had a good taste, but cold cheese is not appetizing)Calamari is hideous -- the worst I have ever eatenClam chowder was like wallpaper paste (taste & texture)Overall:Probably didn't get our money worth, because we tried a bunch of stuff, but had a bite or two and left the rest.  In retrospect, paying the same amount for table served dinner would have been better.
5	Okay, some may not agree with my 5-star revieslw but is based on price for the value and quality and quantity of the food.  This buffet will not have the bells of having oysters or the variety of crab (crab appears at dinner time fri/sat nite), but it does have a great variety of quality tasting food.  I particularly like the asian soup options - they have 5 or 6 preset options (egg noodle, rice noodle tom yum, won ton, etc) but they are willing to build whatever you ask for.  Also in the dessert section they have a warmer plate for warm chco chip cookies (they are the best).   They have the standard stations: salad; pizza; meat carving with ham, sausage and beef selections; mexican; asian/chinese with a few dim sum items; sushi rolls; american with a couple of soup options; and dessert.  Service was good.  A little slow picking up the plates but brought around drink refills without having to ask (although Harrahs properties dont seem to have Dr Pepper or Pibb options).   Also, chefs behind the line are friendly and ask if you need help.  Be sure to check out my tip on getting discounts.  Otherwise be sure to get a players card (Total Rewards card) for a discount when you pay at the register.
5	As a local this place is a little bit pricier than most other buffets. But I really enjoyed this buffet a lot.My husband and I have been on a weekday and a weekend and this place is worth the price. It has a lot of variety! There is an asian section which includes an awesome noodle station. A Mexican station that actually offered MENUDO (which is delicious by the way) There is also a small chinese DIM SUM area too, which has things like crispy pork and roasted duck.The seafood section was nice as well. Crab legs, as well as shrimp. And their sushi was actually really fresh. They also have a pasta section which is goood as well as and awesome soup and salad bar at one end of the buffet.And if you like to drink they have a bar in the middle of the buffet that you can purchase drinks from.As for dessert, it's a nice surprise. I like the gelato which has a lot to choose from. And the dessert bar, I actually got lucky once and grabbed the last French Macaron which was also very delicous. And service is actually really good. They refill drinks when low and keep a postitive attitude.
3	This weekend my friend suggested we go here and I was more than happy to try it out. We came during their Sunday Champagne Brunch, $29.99 per person. Which considering I'm not much of a drinker, sucked that I had to pay the champage price. It would be nice if they offered two prices. One for unlimited champagne and one for without.Anywho at 11am there was no wait and we paid and walked right in. The amount of food available is immense. Try as we might, neither my friend nor I could possibly try everything. There was a soup/salad section, American, Asian, Mexican and breakfast sections. Also there were meat, fried, noodle, sushi, bread and dessert sections. All the hot food was kept hot (which can somtimes be a problem at buffets) and any empty or low food trays were being constantly replaced. Overall the food was about the same quality as most of the other Las Vegas buffets. Our server kept our drinks full and our table clean.The reason for only 3 stars was because I was fairly unhappy with their dessert section. I found it to be lacking when compared to other Vegas buffets. There was cheesecake, some pies, gelato, mini cupcakes and some cookies. A semi pathetic dessert section if you ask me.
1	Everything here is disgusting, except maybe the fresh fruit. If you've got taste buds stay far, far away. I sampled plenty of things including chicken, steak, veggies, Asian rice, seafood, Mexican and dessert. Something is off with everything. Either the taste is wrong or the texture is weird from sitting there too long or from being terribly not fresh because it's all frozen. Chewy chicken and spices that make you wonder if what you're eating is expired...  Yikes!!Frowns all around. I'm sure there are hundreds of other buffets to eat at in Vegas, not to mention thousands of establishments to get yourself a bite to eat.Good luck!
4	If you're looking for the typical buffet that's slightly higher priced like the rest this ones good for the kids but I still like to stick with Ellis Island Casino for steak and eggs only $8.99... Gotta love the old school price!!!!!.
4	Back when this place first opened it was silly crowded and very very good.  I remember that this was the go to place for a buffet.  With all of the new places sprouting up the Carnival World Buffet has dropped in quality.  Don't get me wrong, this is still a nice buffet.  The food is very tasty, but over the years it always seems to have the exact same stuff.  We used to go to the seafood buffet but realized we mostly ate the crab only and the Carnival World buffet has crab and lots of it.  They are starting to crack it for you and that kind of takes away the feel for puling out a whole chunk of meat.  If you are in the area or staying at the hotel I suggest that you try it at least once to judge for yourself.
3	I Love me a good buffet!!! Came here on a weekday lunch.  Our waitress was nice and attentive.  The food was good but much of it was cold/ room temperature at best.   There is a vast selection but really not much more than I am used to at other buffets.  The Pad Thai was surprisingly very good as it is a difficult dish to make taste good if you are not a thai restaurant.  And the other impressive part is that they had Rice Porridge!  It is such a warm childhood memory and i only get it when my mom makes it for me.  I have NEVER seen it served in public before.  Its kind of a traditional home meal.  The dessert bar was a little confusing.  Had beautiful desserts in the glass case but yet had a sign that said, "for dispaly only" without all its counterparts available to eat.  Store bought desserts that weren't all that.    My biggest gripe is the price.  It was $22.99 for lunch!!! but all food at the Rio is horribly expensive so I figured that at least this way I get what I want for the same price as I would pay for a soda/burger/fries.  We did get a discount coupon from the Tix4Tnite booths for $2 and that knocked off $9 per person.  I would not pay more than $16.99 for this lunch buffet.
4	My husband and I went here on our vacation. We had never went to the Rio or the Palms, so it was fun for us to make the small trip out there. I had a Groupon for Carnival World. This was probably the best buffet we went to on our vacation. The only issue was the long long wait (we went for dinner around 6:30PM). The selection was very nice and we were both surprised that our favorite dish was a tofu dish!
3	If you're going to treat yourself to just one buffet during your trip to Las Vegas, this would not be my choice.It's fairly standard, as far as Las Vegas buffets go.  There is a large variety, the quality is decent, and the service is quite good.  But overall, I would say it is nothing overly special, at least when compared to other options in Las Vegas.  For me, one of the main reasons to try a buffet is to sample various deserts that you may not find anywhere else.  The desert options here were a bit lacking and uninspired.  I suspect most of the deserts are pre-packaged.
2	My boyfriend and I were visiting Las Vegas for his birthday.  We decided to check out The Carnival Buffet since there was a pretty good deal on Groupon.  We came in during lunch time and got seated fairly quickly.  Like most international buffets, the food was separated by country, there was American, Italian, Mexican, Japanese, and Chinese.  As soon as we were shown our table we were off to the races.  We tried a little bit of everything and just as we expected everything was just average. The desserts were just average as well.  Nothing to go telling your friends or family about.  With the Groupon came a free wine bottle which we had to go pickup at the bar.  When we first went to the bar the bartender wasn't there....10 minutes later bartender still not there....another 10 minutes bartender still not there....another 10 minutes still not there By this time, we were getting pretty frustrated (and we're pretty patient people). We had to ask one of the chefs and he couldn't find the bartender.  There was another lady waiting at the bar trying to get her free bottle, as well.  I thought that was very unprofessional.  To not only leave your station but not even telling anyone about it.  It wasn't until we were done with our meals that the bartender showed up.  No apologies, no excuses; he acted like there was nothing wrong. He just had a look on his face showing that he did not want to be there.  We just took our bottle and jetted out of there.  The service from the other staff members were great! Just the bartender kind of ruined our experience because we were looking forward to drinking our free wine while eating our lunch.Overall this place is a good buffet to go to if your on a budget.  It's not bad but it's not great either. If it weren't for that Groupon, I most likely would never step in here.
1	Was very disappointed the crab legs were very small and the most disgusting part is the prime rib ! Way way over cooked no taste what so ever ! If you think your gonna get your Money's worth because this is $$$  don't bother and go somewhere else.
2	I went here about 3 weeks ago looking to try out a new buffet. The best parts of the buffet were the braised beef ribs and the carne asada. Other than that, most of the food was either bland or meh. Some of the food they had actually tasted like it was pre-heated. Anyway, if this is the best you can afford I'd go here, but for me personally I'd rather save up and go some place better.
1	Food was average at best and the bartender was extremely rude. Although our server Brian was terrific, the bartender Bernard had a serious attitude problem, poured the wrong drink for my sister in law before she could even say what she wanted and he insulted my baby. The customer service, aside from that of our server, was horrible.
4	No complaints at all here. While I have not been to many Vegas Buffets I really enjoyed this one. Great variety of foods. Tasted great, the services was friendly and fast. The deserts were VERY VERY GOOD. If you go you have to try the noodle station, that was my favorite. Incredibly tasty sauteed noodles. They have gelato for deserts and their signature item was: Banana Foster. WOW This Banana Foster is what will make you want to go back the next day. DO NOT SKIP IT. It's that good, buttery with a creamy rum sauce. It was heavenly Price was around $33 per person which was reasonable for a buffet in Vegas. No complaints, would go back!
1	This place is has tons of options and taste great! We've been here no less than a dozen times. We always know what to expect. Service stunk this time! We were there at 4pm, almost empty, took waitress forever to bring me hot water .. when she finally came, we were done with the meal, and then she refused to provide me with a togo cup. Why even bother bringing it then, useless.
4	Before Bacchanal,  Before Wicked Spoon, Before the Buffet at the Bellagio, Before everyone else got on the bandwagon, This buffet started it allBuffet Stations, each serving a different cuisine. What a great concept. I can remember when this was the "It" or should I say the "Must Eat" buffet in Las Vegas. But alas, It's old, the ambiance is not as vibrant, the food quality and presentation has been surpassed by the restaurant I mentioned above and more, but the Carnaval Buffet still has its mojo. I've always enjoyed the Chinese station here. Dim sum, BBQ pork, steam buns & pork and preserved egg congee. I always get the same things. Yum!Pricing is in line with other buffer. Tip: look into the 24 hour pricing. The lady at the register told us it is good for all Caesars casino group for a 24 hour period. Buffet feast for 24 hours? my stomach might not be able to handle that.  Lol. Everything was good. The only thing is, Las Vegas is into Great things, newer and better buffets. It might not be as good as the glory days, but it holds its own as far as I'm concern.
5	$62.68 for two people- My old lady and I ate here with a group of friendsA lot of food and all different type of food.For a buffet and for the price- this is good placeService is good also
3	This buffet has a huge selection and the food was very good.  What we did not understand was why we were left to stand 20 feet from the register with no explanation for nearly an hour before we (about 100 people) could be allowed to sit and eat.I spoke with the manager and she was very apologetic but man did that unorganized situation upset a whole lot of customers, myself included.In the end, we turned our frowns upside down and had a teriffic time at the buffet.
1	Locals discount.Ate shrimp, clams, mussels, crab legs, crawfish, prime rib & all sorts of fixings. Some items were not as warm as preferred. Good desserts. Didn't really care for being seated way on far edge in area with out of control kids just because we had a toddler too. She's not typical and quite well mannered.Updated 11/10/14 up all night sick from something I ate. Not pleasant.
4	It's no Bacchanal or Wicked Spoon, but it meets the standards of a Vegas buffet in my book.Been coming to this buffet in Rio since before I was of legal gambling age. On my recent visit, it's safe to say that this place hasn't really changed... and I'm ok with that.They have a large variety of food. Mexican, Chinese, Japanese, Italian, southern, and good ol' fashioned American food. Their variety is so large, in fact, that you kind of have to portion yourself on each "country" you visit in this buffet, especially if you want to hit each "country."Granted, food quality isn't as high as Wicked Spoon, but it's enough to satisfy.On my recent visit, they had a noodle station. Highly recommend their udon. It's not the best udon in the world, but it's pretty good.Their desserts are meh. Pies and cakes have that defrosted quality to them. But they have gelato! And they serve big scoops as well.Staff on my last visit was very friendly and kept our tables clean of used plates.All-in-all, this place will definitely do the trick, especially if you're staying in the hotel. However, if you plan on making the trip just for the buffet, I'd suggest either the other buffet in the hotel that has strictly seafood or just going to the higher quality buffets on the Strip.
5	Had great service from Matt . enjoyed the buffet. Lots of choices. Shrimp was perfect & crab legs were excellent. Guarantee to recommend & come again!
1	Was this a disappointment! The World Buffet, sounds awesome, it's not. First of all it's huge, and that's not a good thing, you have to walk sooooo far to get your food, and by the time you get back to your table the food is cold. Secondly it was like 40 bucks a person, way over priced. There's no way you could possibly eat even half the value of that here. No seafood, no prime rib or fancy carving station. It was all fillers, potatoes, rice, eggs, yuck. I'll save you the trouble of wandering around this ginormous buffet and tell you that Chinese was the best cuisine they had, and that's not saying much. Fried rice and won-ton soup. Probably could have ate at Panda Express for less than 10 bucks.The service was good, but service in Vegas is usually good no matter where you go.
4	Always good food at the Rio Buffet so many choices and variety of food. The waiter was so nice and the workers were great. Although I was disappointed I ordered a drink with a souvenir cup and it didn't have no logo or anything on it but on the menu the cup had the Rio hotel & casino logo on it
3	Good food and lots of it.  Asian, Mexican, American, even cereal!!  I wanted to try a vegas Buffett and I'm not disappointed.  It's expensive but what isn't in Vegas
2	This used to be the best buffet in Vegas.  However, with what it costs now even for Vegas residents its just not worth it.
4	The buffet continues to be outstanding.  Except the shrimp were over cooked today. The service today from Roberto was nice. We love the VIP service. Huge selection of food. Many varieties.
1	Poor service, bad food and cheap setup. By the way price is no cheap. I wish I'd gone to Waynn and paid 10 dollars more for the dinner. I should have taken pic of the deserts to show what I mean... Filthiest desert I've ever seen, didn't even bother to try.
4	Went here on Sunday for brunch around 930 so there was not much of a line :) (I assume it has to do w the time of the year) Loved the variety my favorites were the crab legs, shrimp and beef ribs. I also enjoyed the omelette station and all the deserts, especially the coconut gelato, so delicious. I did not think the Mexican food was very good or authentic besides that our server was friendly and efficient. I would come here again
3	I remember the days of the past when the Rio buffet was super awesome, and then when it was cheap, and now it's just a normal buffet.One thing that the buffet has going is its massive selection. The buffet wraps around a long way and you have many different cuisines and choices to choose from. The food itself is good, but not great. You can still get the food you enjoy, get full, and leave happy. You can judge for yourself after you have eaten there if the food is worth it, but if you want an amazing buffet, buffets on the strip can offer a great experience. The Rio Buffet still has it's ups, but not worth the price tag for me.
2	Nowhere close to as good as it was before. Service was lacking even though we were in the diamond vip section. Not the treatment I expect in vegas. We shouldn't have to stack up plates because no one came to collect in a timely fashion. the hynas at the desert section have were curt and unfriendly.Food was not even great, only decent. Heated plates were inconsistent, leading to cold food. Simply not impressive.
3	They hubby and I stopped in at the Carnival World Buffet in the Rio while visiting Las Vegas since our first choice place was closed for the Thanksgiving holiday.  They did have a lot of variety of food to choose from, but we weren't really impressed with the food options itself.  Nothing really stood out except for their gelato bar and wine bar, which was in my opinion this buffet's saving grace.  If it weren't for that and the fact that our waiter (Andrew) was super attentive I would've given this place 2 stars.  We won't be back, especially with all the other great places you can try in Vegas.
1	This use to be my father's favorite back in the day.It is super expensive for no that great quality of food.Plus side our waitress was super nice and brought us all the drinks we needed.  Though I will not be returning.
1	What a dissapointed visit! Not anything like it once was. Had better food at truck stop. Way over priced for what you received. Go to other places in this casino, far better.
1	Worst buffet I have ever been to in Las Vegas. Absolutely a rip off  what chef? I see nothing worthy that is here warranting a good rating for a buffet. Waste of hard earned money. Management could care less if food bad.  Never ever would I recommend this place 100%
5	The best day was amazing but the service was even better!  Pat kik incredible care of us so much so that we never had a dirty dish or an empty glass of the table for the hours we were there. The prime rib, many soups and noodles as well as a fresh salad bar were delicious but the desserts are incredible!
5	As a local, this has been one of my favorite buffets of all times.! It has definitely changed severely over the years, people come and go, I've had family work here & I can assure you it's a clean location, it's not that expensive. There is a variety of food choices, along with fruit, and desserts.! It's the perfect spot for a family reunion, or a date with your other half. I go whenever we get a chance to enjoy the Rio & the Carnival buffet. I have not been disappointed, great people seating and serving. I hate tables, love booths. So when I'm place at a table I just ask for a booth and their more then happy to move me.. Truth is, I love the Carnival Buffet
5	Best and largest buffet I've ever been to! Love how they have so many varieties and different cuisines. On a side note, it's quite expensive! But this is the best buffet in Vegas so can't wait to go there again.
4	Came here for lunch buffet because I had a 2 for 1 coupon. Paid $24 so that was good. The buffet was huge!  There's so much to choose from that you will leave wishing you could tried so many things but we're way to full lol. Roast beef was cooked and seasoned perfectly!  Only thing that could have been better was the dessert section. Not a really good variety of items there.
2	It almost pains me to give only 2 stars as I've got to be one of the easiest people on the planet to please - food wise. I had been here years ago, loved it, and was anxious to return. However, I just was not impressed with the the quality of the food. It just seemed to be lacking for some reason. The sushi seemed to be lacking in creativity besides not seeming fresh and the meats were too fatty.  The best item was the pizza; seriously? Luckily I was able to use a coupon and didn't pay full price or it would have been worse. The service was great, even though we had a fairly slow moving line to get in. Too many other choices in town to chance a return. Sorry.
3	Some things good. Some things great. Some things not so good.That's how it usually goes for most buffets. This place is generally cheaper than other buffets in Vegas for dinner.It's about $30/person.If you come here on the weekends, do arrive early ! Expect at least an hour wait for dinner time.They have a basic salad bar, crab legs, american food, mexican food, and mostly asian food.FOOD PROS:1. Roast Duck2. BBQ Pork3. Crispy Pork (Lechon)4. Mussels & Clams5. Dim Sum6. Yakitori Sticks7. Prime Rib8. Roast Beef9. Large Asparagus Sticks10. Chocolate Fruit Cups11. Gelato Ice CreamP.S. Service here is a hit or miss. We had waiters who completely ignored us or said someone would be at our table to help us and no one ever came. We didn't get our waters or drinks until after we started eating. So we had to flag down another waiter who was actually very professional and on top of his job.
2	I remember in elementary school I had a friend of mine who regaled me with wild stories of how excellent the buffet was at the Rio. Flash forward some 20 years later, and we're visiting a friend from Vegas who can't wait to take my girlfriend and I to this place. SURE! I sez.What I found was that the Rio buffet was like every other buffet I've ever been at in my life. There's a lot of food, but there's a lot of mediocre food. There's an Asian section that tastes like every take-out place you've ever had, with greasy duck, glaze-saturated pork, dry satay chicken skewers, and sushi with tough seaweed. There's a meat section with cut sirloin steak with absolutely inedible gristle adding annoyance, not flavor. There's a seafood station, which beyond the unlimited crab legs, is filled with fried foods, not fresh foods.A few positives: great pie, good ham, half-decent Chinese siu mai.We got in for about half the usual price ($16 as opposed to somewhere in the neighborhood of $32). Even at fire-sale prices, it still wasn't enough to get me to go back. Maybe this was a three-star place, but after hearing so many people in my life talk up the magic and wizardry of Vegas buffets, I was left especially disappointed.So, here's my advice: is a buffet a personal challenge to you to stuff your face with four plates of food, or do you want to just have a decent dinner? I'm the second kind of person, so next time I'd recommend to do as I do, and put that $30 towards one of the many, many, many exceptional restaurants on the strip that are competing on the basis of quality, not quantity. And guess what? You'll still get a filling, delicious meal!
5	Excellent buffet with different cuisine bars. Everything was good and refilled time to time. Loved the Chinese and italian the most. Fine selection of desserts.
4	This buffet does not have same selections and choices as the Bacchanal buffet, but otherwise the food quality is just a tad below Bacchanal. I particularly liked their soup station which featured 7 or 8 different choices ranging from Pho, Chinese, Japanese Udon to Thai. They were quite good and authentic. The sushi selections were standard, nothing exotic or special. Chinese options were tasty. Did not try their Mexican dishes. Naan breads from the Mediterranean section were light and delicious.
2	I don't recommend getting the buffet pass during the holidays because the buffet holiday pass costs $70/pp with your total rewards cards. With that being said, i didnt eat $70 worth of buffet food. Plus you have to pay $30 more to eat at bachannal, which nobody told us about this!!! Our first stop on our buffet train was here.Food was vegas mediocre buffet food. Pasta, chow mein, salad, crabs, meats, and carbs. Nothing great. Mediocre food. Their desserts were okay. Just okay. I feel like i wouldve gotten my money worth had it not been holiday prices. Great service all around .. 2 stars. Try wicked spoons. Skip the holiday buffet pass and go to wicked spoons at cosmo.
1	I've always wanna try this "famous" seafood buffet, and so we went there on Friday around 8:50 pm. There's no one waiting in line. I used to eat buffet at Caesars and there's always lines. Well, so we got seated and I was checking out the foods. There's great selections of seafoods, and foods are looking great.So I got this mini lobster tail and the first bite, I have to spit out coz it has this stinky smell. I was thinking if it's the flavor or its just me, so I added some lemon, dip in the sauce, well, a little better but the smell is still there. I guess it's just not fresh.Then I had the clam, first bite, lol, bunch of sands. Spit out the second time.Hubby got the oysters, it was ok, but I lost confidence in how they handle their seafood on the back. So I only ate one piece.Cajun shrimp, the shrimp is very soft just like biting on marshmallows. Meh... Can't find anything else to eat.Prime ribs maybe? The rib itself is ok, but the Au jus was just way too salty.Only thing I'm satisfied with was the salmon at the sushi bar and the Chinese sesame balls. Btw, their cakes are good though :)This buffet is yet the worse vegas buffet I've ever been to, and it's $51 after tax per person. WILL NEVER EVER COME BACK AGAIN.
4	went here on Monday for lunch. Not crowded at all and descent food. Love the Ribs, dim sum, and shrimp. I'm sure there is crab legs and better food during dinner. Cost was $25 for one adult for lunch. I would say it is super busy during dinner.
