5	Everyone knows it.  In-N-Out is the best fast food joint ever, period.  Whenever I have friends in town not from an In-N-Out market they invariably ask to go here and rarely are they disappointed.I like a regular cheeseburger with spread and light lettuce only (I'm a purist) and I can't remember a single time they've gotten my order wrong.  Everything is always so good, and their bread is so killer.  Their secret menu (which isn't so secret anymore since they put it on their website) makes ordering fun (vegetarian friend?  you can still go to In-N-Out, tell them to get a grilled cheese.  they're totally tasty!) and anything done Animal Style is about the best thing in the world.  (Ge here for the secret menu: http://www.in-n-out.com/secretmenu.asp)Apparently their fries might be an acquired taste, but I love the crap out of them.  I love the option you're given of wanting to eat it in your car or in a bag.  I love that if you say 'in the car,' you get a lap mat.Man, who doesn't love In-N-Out?
5	Really, it doesn't matter where you are, In-N-Out Burger is the best fast food. The burgers are perfect, and the bun is toasted ever so slightly. The veggies are fresh, and you can actually SEE the people chopping the potatoes up to make french fries. They have the best shakes in the world, too.
5	In-N-Out is just the best. Double-double animal style. Enough said
5	My favorite fast food place!  Wish we had these in the east coast.  That would be grand.
4	I was in the mood for a little of the old IN N' Out.Since that wasn't happenin I went to this place for some west coast burgers.HOLY CRAP  my friends. We are getting screwd by our east coast fast food purveyors.This is a real burger. It was delicious and piled high with onion, lettuce, tomato, sauce. and drum roll puleeeez:The people who worked there a.) provided excellent customer serviceb.) got the order right.(wow) and 3.) spoke ENGLISH.This was like a throwback to the fifties. I loved it.ps. I saw Elvis there.
4	Top notch burger.  tasted like a bar burger or even better, but way cheaper.
4	LOVE in-n-out. You won't want to go to this location at lunch time if you're in a hurry. But man oh man is it worth the wait.
4	I've always loved their cheeseburgers but never really liked their fries.  They always seemed soft, cold and limp (hmm?)  Well my co-worker mentioned that he recently had fries animal style and it peaked my interest.  I picked up an order along with a cheeseburger and I almost didn't eat my burger.  The fries were smothered in cheese, grilled onions and thousand island sauce.  I know it sounds weird but it was really good!  I still can't figure out why in-n-out tries to keep some of their menu items secret, but I won't complain as long as people share their experiences.  My other favorite off menu item is their yummy grilled cheese with grilled onions.
5	I think that burgers are pretty disgusting.  I will never have a craving for a burger.  I'll eat a burger if I'm at a barbeque and that's the only thing to eat.  However, for some reason, I can never say "no" to an In-N-Out burger.  Maybe I'm sucked into all of the hype or maybe I find it exotic since there aren't any In-N-Outs here in the Midwest.  Whatever it is, I think it's delicious!  It's such a treat whenever I'm in California or Vegas.  One time we even packed some to go before we boarded the plane; each item was separated to prevent it from becoming soggy; however it wasn't the same.  I love In-N-Out....everything's so fresh and I also love the fries!!  This place was packed because we went during lunchtime, so there was a wait, but it was well worth it!  I will definitely re-visit when I go back to Vegas!
5	I love this place. No words can describe how much I love In-N-Out and wish there was one in Chicago.  Every time I am anywhere near an In-N-Out, I always make a stop.  Sometimes I make a stop 2 days in a row. IT's that much of an addiction.Everything here is fresh, the fries are real potatoes that you can see being cut and it tastes so much better.Yum.......
5	In n Out is the best burger chain that there is.  The people who work there are generally pleasant while cooking up some great burgers, the fries are delectable, and the shakes are yummy as well.  A very positive experience every time.  You can't beat this place for a quickie, if you have to do fast food.
5	Best burger chain hands down!! the minute I landed anywhere in Vegas or California, In-N-Out is always the first destination. I usually even bring some back to Seattle with me. It is that good!! The animal-style fries is bomb! pretty much everything they serve is worth getting.
5	Believe the hype about this place! This is my favorite fast food place on earth. The burgers are delicious and always contain fresh ingredients. I love the thousand island sauce also!  I even got to try the fries "animal-style" (thousand island sauce, grilled onions) YUMMMM! When I was visiting Vegas I made it a point to come here and stuff my face, for I did not know when I'd be able to enjoy this place again.  Although this location was crowded and chaotic it was well worth it to feed my burger craving again. Hopefully next time I don't have to wait almost 2 years for my next.In-n out needs to come to Denver!
5	Whats not to like. Double Beef Animal Style please! As a east coaster I make an effort to make it to any IN and OUT when traveling out west.
5	One of the best chains in the US. They treat their employees with respect, pay them a living wage and they in turn deliver a exceptional product.  D/D Animal style, Fries Well and an Root Beer Float is always one of my vegas trip highlights.
4	The first time we ever went, I was disappointed that they only had burgers and fries on the menu. I no longer stand by that disappointment! The burgers are VERY fresh, the lettuce, tomato, and onions very crisp, the sauce they use is delicious. I'm picky with fries, but these were perfect fast-food fries, crunchy, not too greasy, soft on the inside. Whenever we crave burgers, we go here!
4	(4.5 Stars) I now know what all my Californians friends talk about when they visit me in Texas. In-Out Burger is the best fast food burger place hands down. Nevermind the simple menu of burger fries and shakes, they excel at what they have, and that's the tastiest fresh fast food burger in the fast food market.Double Double Animal style burger (grilled onions and special sauce) with fries gets a 9/10 from me for a cheap fast meal in Las Vegas. Lots of lettuce tomatoes and onions. It's a little out of the way off the strip, but with a car, it's a Must-hit place if you've never had it.I never thought I would give a fast food restaurant this many stars but if this place existed in my city, I would be overweight for sure. Go try it, highly reccomended.
4	WE love this place!!!  Beef patties that never been frozen, fresh cut fries, and unbeatable price. -- What's not to love?!  Quick and fulfilling lunch for sure if you are just in the mood to get full and satisfied real fast in Vegas.  High recommended.
4	I love this place.  I only went once, but they have one of the best burgers and french fries I've ever tasted.  The prices are incredible, I don't think I've ever had a burger so cheap.  The beef, french fries-  MM everything is so good here.   Coming from NY where there are tons of great burger places. I know a good burger when I taste one ;).
5	I have been to LV 4 times this year and Im going again on Monday.  I never miss a trip to In N Out, just wish they were open 24hrs.  A Double double is a must.  Highly recommend the food here and the price is cheap.  If you take a cab through the drive thru don't forget to offer them something from In N Out too, they will thank you.
3	Satisfying and fast, a decent burger and fries. In-N-Out knows what they are doing and they do it well. You get you money's worth.
5	How could you not love In-N-Out? Surprisingly, even with all the student traffic this location gets from being on UNLV's border, they are speedy quick! Hamburgers are delish (do we really have to go over what they serve here people...I hope this one is self-explanatory ;)) Their pink lemonade is awesome, and I would really like to think their food is healthier than your average burger joint :).
5	This In N Out at UNLV tends to have a particularly amusing clientele:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tro-hrljuY1cUAVFYauTlQ?select=1uPB-IOaoWd4s2jNFpZgVwLove the appreciation for irony there.  Nice.  Oh yeah the burgers are better than crack too.
4	Mike G. (a major Vegas carnivore) is right. In N Out is an excellent and consistent burger chain that for a fraction of the cost is as good as many of the high-end burger hustlers in the casinos. (I'm talking to you BLT!)It's even better when you know the Secret Menu. http://www.in-n-out.com/secretmenu.aspA 4x4 with everything on it is a sublime decadent pleasure. It's for real men only so bring your loin cloth.I take one star off only because the fries are not as good as the burgers: you can order them well-done, but that just makes them hard. They are fresh-cut but they need to be double-fried to be done properly. Alas, no one seems to do fries that way. Sigh.
3	This should (also) be about a 3-plus rating.  It doesn't quite reach a 4, but it's better than a 3.  I wouldn't think to visit In-n-Out under ordinary circumstances, but a newspaper review had me jonesing for some REAL potato french fries (not those nasty crispy coated or seasoned things), and since my very favorite french fry places are all some 450 miles away (not franchises, either), I figured I didn't have much to lose.  Well, that, and I was hungry, and it's on the walk home from classes at UNLV.I don't go to burger places much because I'm allergic to beef.  Not as in swell up if I even think about it, but as in can't eat more than a small bite without unpleasant (but not dangerous) consequences.  The review I read also mentioned that non-carnivores could order a "grilled cheese" sandwich.  So that's what I did--ordered plain french fries and a "grilled cheese".  Okay, so the "grilled cheese" is basically a cheeseburger without the burger, complete with onions, tomatoes, lettuce, sauce, and gluey American Cheese slices.  And it's not bad.I think the fries are cut too thin, but they are real honest-to-god potato french fries with no "stuff" on them except for the fat they are cooked in (I prefer fries cooked in a mix of lard and vegetable oil or the dangerous trans-fat stuff) and salt if you want it, and they aren't bad, either.I might have to try the "Animal Style" fries next time (with grilled onions, melted cheese and sauce)--they looked interesting.  I don't like their shakes--they don't taste like real milkshakes.  They taste like what McDonald's used to sell about 30 years ago.  Milkshakes are supposed to be scooped ice cream, not soft-serve, milk and syrup.  In n Out's shakes taste like soft-serve shakes.  But here's one final plus:  the prices are very reasonable.  You won't pay much more than you would for a "dollar meal" combo at one of the bigger chains, and the food is better here.
5	this has got to be the best location the burgers are the best  the people that work there are good at what they do i would recommend it to eveyone
3	I tried the animal-style fries.  Heart-cloggingly, disgustingly, bad-for-you tasty.
5	I love In-N-Out.We actually were in a cab ride (back from some casino or something) when we took a trip through the drive-through and picked up some burgers.  I'd likely eat there every meal if I could.Though we picked up to eat at our hotel, I'd imagine service for eating in would be just as fast - we were (literally) in and out very fast, and did I mention that I love In-N-Out?
5	In n Out... in n out... THATS WHAT A HAMMMBURGERS ALLL ABOUT!!! I love this place!!! burgers are great and so is the Neapolitan shake mmmm
5	Just 3 days till I'm in Vegas again...Just 3 days.....Soo hungry...
4	I have to give props to where its due.  My In-N-Out fixes are few and far between, but this one did me good and gave me some lovin'.  It fulfilled its duty.  I needed something nice and greasy to get ready for the nights libations.  The cheeseburgers are the bomb, and the french fries are oh so choice.  It's right across the street from Freakin' Frogs, so geographically, it's good to go.
5	Before the plane even touches down on the West Coast I begin to feel that old familiar craving and visions of animal style cheeseburgers and neopolitan milkshakes begin dancing in my head.Arriving in Las Vegas on Saturday was no exception; I demanded to be chauffeured to In-N-Out immediately after fetching my luggage. As I sunk my teeth into this perfect cheeseburger I couldn't help thinking that all was right with the world.
5	Flat Out The BEST Burger for the Price$. There is no chain that even comes close. When I fly into Vegas or Ca., this is a must.There Is No Better
5	I love me a good burger. And man, when I heard about this place...I knew I HAD to try it. I schooled my fiance on the "secret menu" and after three days of staring at the sign out our bedroom window from Thehotel...we finally grabbed a cab and headed over.This place is heaven. The burgers are cooked to perfection. Juicy, tasty and BIG...the flavor can't be beat. The animal style fries and burgers...I swear, I'm going to start drooling just thinking about it! The prices are freakin' amazing......Five Guys has now been ruined for me in every way.In N Out....how I wish you would come to the East!
5	For under 5 bucks you can get the best burger and fries combo, with a drink, that you will ever have. If you are from the east coast, or really any state other than California, Arizona, or Nevada, you need to go here. I highly recommend this one over the one off the strip behind the Excalibur just because that one is usually very busy, this one is not as much, more so for the college students and locals, even though it is not that far off the strip. but in terms of quality, all In N Outs are all about the same. They never get your order wrong, they all speak English (and clearly!) and the food is one of a kind good.
4	I LOVE YOU IN N OUT!!I was introduced to In N Out on a trip to Cali, haven't gotten over it!This is a "must stop" spot, every time we're in Vegas.  Usually about twice a day!I love your cute little codes and "secret menu" that just happens to be posted through your site!THANK YOU!
5	I live in Chicago and often have cravings of an In-N-Out cheeseburger and fries...... loooooovvvveeeeee In-N-Out and miss it very much :-( please put one in the midwest In-N-Out!!
5	I've never had In N Out burger as I live in the Chicago area. We are limited to Culver's, Portillo's, White Castle...and recently Sonic has opened (which I was so excited about until I tasted it - disgusting. I am off track. In N Out Burger - uhhh, YUM!! I mean, it's no kobe beef burger with an ice cold beer but it's pretty darn good for a fast food joint. I've been to plenty of fast food burger joints and this is up at the top of the list. I would have gladly eaten two double-double burgers without hesitation. My other midwestern friends agreed. If you never tried it and have the opportunity to do so - you won't regret it!
5	I absolutely love In N Out anywhere (except the one in Pacific Beach, which sucks), but this one was amazing. My wife and I were both blown away at how good it is. Every time I go to Vegas I have to eat at a few In N Outs on the drive up and while there. The one on the drive up was just okay, but this one was so flavorful and fresh. They put a grip of veggies on both my burgers and it was just sooooo goooood! Glad we skipped hooters for it! Short drive from the strip. Entertaining little neighborhood.
4	The best burgers in town better than high end resto's, they only serve one menu and its just burgers. They do it right :)
1	Good fries.  Burgers---thin dry patties (they need to double em' up to get a true hamburger size), pre-shaped (not good), and lettuce, tomatoe, onion is the majority any of the burgers.  This is not the "best ever burger joint"...I just don't get the loyal following--sorry.
5	When I find a friend that hasn't been to In-N-Out, I know we're in for a fun outing.I've taken dozens of people to this location for their first experience.It's a regular stop for our http://BurgersByPhone.com crowd when ever we can get together
2	I know there are quite a few reviews, and I'm not saying go or don't go.  I just can't seem to figure out the big draw of this place.  I was not impressed...at all.  Meh..for sure.
5	Okay I had to included In-N-out burger on one of my reviews even though I eaten at the one in La Palma, Barstow, Las Vegas, San Diego, Valencia, Camarillo, Vacaville, Farfield, and Gilroy. I probably eaten at more, but when I go outlet shopping, there is usually and In-N-out there.  Anyways the quality is still the same through.  I did the Las Vegas one because of all of the lights and stuff =)  I should buy a shirt one day to show my support.  I like getting the 4x4 when I am starving and the animal style fries even though they charge you double the rate now for them. The milk shakes are a little too thick and hard to sip however, but other than that Inn-N-out that is what a hamburger is all about.
3	While wandering around not-the-strip Las Vegas, I stumbled on a Jack In The Box.  Having thoroughly enjoyed the west coast staple of In-N-Out the day before, I figured what the hell... might as well knock this one out as well.  I thought I saw something out of the corner of my eye as I walked into Jack In The Box, but I ignored it and walked on in.  One look around and I immediately hightailed it out of there.  It just wasn't gonna do it for me.  Especially because I could have sworn I saw a... no... could it be?  Yes!Another In-N-Out.  Well sure, I had already taken a trip to fast food heaven the day before... did I dare do it again?  (It's kind of a rhetorical question... I know.  I mean, you are reading a review of the place...  Sorry...)So I entered my second In-N-Out in as many days, and was confronted by an extremely long line.  No biggie.  I figured with as many people being fanatical about the place as there are, lines were to be expected.I decided to go a bit crazy and order my fries animal style this time (as well as recreate the magic of my animal style burger bliss).  It took a while for the order to come, but that's cool with me because hey... it's all fresh!  Nothing waiting under heat lamps at THIS red and yellow burger chain.But maybe they should have invested in some... because my burger was a bit lukewarm when I finally got to eat it.  I guess they were behind on their fries orders, because my burger was clearly sitting out for a while while they got the fries ready.  It wasn't cold mind you, and I still really enjoyed it... but after the high level of enjoyment from the day before, this one just didn't quite live up to my own hype.This wasn't helped by my decision to get the fries animal style.  Turns out you CAN have too much of a good thing.  The animal style overload on my meal turned out to downgrade the meal a bit, as the fries became a bit of a hassle to eat.  Plus, you want that nice crispy french fry action after the gooey deliciousness of the burger.  Or is that just me?Also, the animal style fries kinda looked like someone took an animal style dump on top of a perfectly good order of fries.  Now, there are a lot of worse kind of dumps people could have taken on my fries, but that doesn't really change much.  It WAS my fault I ordered the fries this way, but I would suggest to not over do it on the animal style.  Leave it on the burger.  Save your fries for a side of ketchup.Man, that sure is a lot of complaining for a meal I actually enjoyed.  The burger heat issue kind of disappeared after a few bites when I was transported to a place of pure bliss, and really... how much can I complain about too much animal style (a bit, clearly)This In-N-Out experience didn't really match up to the one from the day before... but believe you me... next time I'm out on this side of the country I'll be making a return trip to In-N-Out... and I can't wait!!
5	I make it a point to go to the In-n-out burger everytime I go west ,I love the double double with fries it's so good its hard to believe it's fast food ,expect to wait a few minuets during lunch time it dose get busy but totaly worth the wait!
4	I've been in countless conversations as a west coaster extolls the virtues of In-N-Out Burger; I then salivate awaiting the day I'll taste unparalleled burger excellence.  Today was that day.I will say this; it's the best chain fast food burger you can get in America. Now, you must remember, it is still just a burger.Imagine the $150 burger at Daniel; will the taste stand up to the anticipation?  At some point in the continuum, no experience can possibly meet the high expectations. I was past that point, but that doesn't mean that I can't recognize this fantasticness.What really got me was the grease.  The grease dripping from the burger wasn't the solid grease you get from a burger at every other fast-food chain, it was probably 75% water/25% grease.  Since the patties were created with fresh, never frozen beef, you get this product.  That wasn't the only mark of quality I hung on to.The tomatoes were more crisp than the lettuce most places, and the lettuce crunched like a potato chip.  As the pickles protruded from the sides of the sandwich, I began to ponder what I would have received if I'd ordered extra pickles.  The cheese was deli style; thick, substantive. I ordered the fries well-done; my mistake.  They came out like potato sticks.  Not terrible, but just stick to the regular fries.The Neapolitan Shake - I received it before my meal was ready and drank it in seconds.  Without question, the shake was the highlight of the meal.  More dense than the McDonald's and BK shakes, thinner than a Frosty; vanilla, chocolate and strawberry never combined to create such a simple taste sensation.All in all, a wonderful place.  For the money, it is tough to beat.  But, does it beat Ben's Chili Bowl?  A Fenway Sausage?  No.  But for a chain . . . Probably the best bang for the buck out there.
5	Om nom-nom-nom-nom... In-N-Out Burger is so freaking good! If you go to Vegas and you live somewhere where there isn't an In-N-Out Burger YOU MUST GO!!!
5	first off do not attempt to walk from the strip. it's scary walking by the freeway. oh and if you go from 12-1pm it's nutty at this location, but so damn good! everything is so fresh. although having been raised on 5 guys i'd have to say the make better fries, but the animal style is def the way to go!
4	Theyre doing alot of construction so the parking lots really messy but the guts are typical in n out decor. i like this shop cause its away from the strip so its no fulled up with tourists or vacationers and its right next to UNLV so i can only imagine how this place looks when class is in..what do i order?old fashioned double single w/ pickles. lighty cooked fries and an arnold palmer. 20 packets of black pepper on my ketchup. and 2 napkins. what are you having??
3	I was convinced, by the Man, to give In-n-Out a second try.  So, since we were in Vegas, we did.We got there at Lunch Rush... and this location is right next to UNLV.Be forewarned.  The place was packed in like sardines, with people oozing everywhere.So.  We ordered.  Animal Burgers.  Animal Fries.  Waited about 15-20 minutes for our food.  (Seriously??)I actually watched our burgers "sit" on the counter (there are no heat lamps here, people) while our fried were prepared.  For a good 3-4 minutes they sat there.  Suffice it to say this place could use some serious expo-of-food-organization help.Anyway.  The food, for what is is ($7.50) was fine fast food fare, as it was the first time we tried In-n-Out.  The fries this time were hot, though, and tasted better under their onslaught of melted processed cheese slice, cooked onions, and thousand islan... Uh, I mean "Spread."Other than that?  It's a Fast Food Place.  They may rave about their "Fresh Cut" fries and their "Never Frozen Beef"... but I still wouldn't eat one of their patties on its' own, without the helping hand of a LOT of cheese, bun, and "spread."So.  It is what it is.  I'd eat it again, but I don't forsee any insurmountable cravings for In-n-Out any time soon.
4	Damnit. I read the first few reviews and I was whisked away to a far, far away dream land of crisp lettuce, animal style burgers, and fresh made potato fries!Then I remembered I was a vegetarian for 3 of the 4 years I lived in Las Vegas. No problem, the off -menu grilled cheese (FYI, I had heard that they used to avoid cross contamination, but I believe they now have to make the grilled cheese on the same griddle as the meat - so keep that in mind if you're hard-core) is always a good simulacrum of In-n-Out goodness for vegetarians. The oozing melted cheese slices fondling the intricate crevasse created by the folds of the crisp lettuce and a layer of fresh piquant onions with that freshly sliced tomato and special sauce. Mmmmmm.......Agreed. This is hands down one of the best fast food chain burger joints out there with everything made fresh to order. This ain't no Mickey D's!Avoid this place during the lunch rush - esp. when UNLV's in session. Otherwise, it's best when you arrive a bit earlier (11am) or later in the afternoon (after 2pm). Also good after you've been trolling down Maryland Pkwy and the local bars across the street and just need something to soak up the ethanol (C&A, Freaking Frog, Yayo's, etc.)!
5	Thanks In-N-Out for always getting me some quality fast food burgers at killer prices!This is the in-n-out closest to me, and they kill it every time, with pure deliciousness...for some reason if you catch this location on an off time of the night or day you can literally get "in and out" instead of the usual 20 minute wait.
4	Couldn't leave my Yelp review trail without a write-up of In-N-Out - the fine burger establishment - this place is all it needs to be, and you can be assured no matter which one you go to in any state - you will get the same quality food and service at any one.Double-Double with grilled onions cannot be beat by any burger chain, and few gourmet burger joints.  Fries are simple, fresh and just damn good.Service is always friendly, they keep the place clean, and staff always seems to be in good spirits and well treated by management/owners.I have never encountered a simple fast food chain with these types of qualities, In-N-Out has a winning formula.
3	It pains me to give In-N-Out only 3 stars but I wasn't blown away by their burgers. :( Being a burger lover, the topic of "the best burger I ever ate" always comes up and I would ALWAYS hear how good In-N-Out's burgers were. Well the time FINALLY came this past weekend during my Vegas trip to taste the mighty In-N-Out burgers. I was so excited that I convinced my friends to have our taxi driver swing by the drive thru straight from the airport (thx for the tip btw fellow Yelpers!). I had done my research and decided to order a cheeseburger (animal style), fries, & a drink. The trip to the hotel was a painful one since I decided to wait until we got there to devour my meal. Once I bit into the burger, my heart sank - it was just ok. My friends advised that perhaps it was due to the fact that I had hyped myself up so much. Maybe during my next West Coast trip I'll give it another try, but for now Shake Shack & Five Guys' burgers still reign supreme for me!
5	This is one of the main reasons why I gained so much weight when I lived in Las Vegas, it's so close to UNLV campus!I absolutely love In-N-Out. A lot of people would say this place is overrated but as someone who lives in Seattle and has no source to these awesome hamburgers and often dreams of double doubles with animal fries, I can tell you that this place is the real deal.  I can only fantasize until the day one of these places opens up in Washington, till then I still think of you secretly.SO WANTY.
5	Right next to campus and a great place to get away when you are tired of the Dining Commons.
4	This location is right next to UNLV and is usually busy. I was surprised today that this location was quite dead. I guess everyone was barbecuing at home since it was the 4th of July. Ordered the cheeseburger combo with fries and drink. The burger was quite good, all the ingredients were fresh and the fries were piping hot out of the fryer and yummy. The only con about In and Out is it seems like the patties have gotten thinner over the past years.  I guess you can't really compare them to the gourmet burger joints where your paying $10 to $15 just for a burger.Overall, good service and decent quality for a fast food joint.
4	GREAT choice for something fast for lunch that doesn't tote a "Vegas Price."  It's pretty simple, burger with cheese or without, fries or not and drinks or a few milkshakes (they aren't great, standard fastfood shake mix).  The burgers were pretty dang skippy.
4	A great late night easy dinner. In-N-Out's quality is consistent, with good fries and a quasi-secret menu. My favorite order is a cheeseburger, animal style, with extra chiles. Animal style just means grilled onions and thousand island dressing, but it definitely dresses up their plain burger. The various locations throughout the valley can get really crowded depending on what time you go, so that's worth considering. The menu is small, but that keeps the prices low! It's cheaper to get a meal for my boyfriend and I here than at any of the other fast food places. The employees are also quite friendly.There are small bible references on some of the packaging, like the cups and fry packages. I'm not sure what they reference, so if anyone knows that could be interesting to find out!
5	Double Double, animal-style with fries well-done.  I would smack your grandma for that meal.
5	I love In-N-Out... They have my favorite burger of all the burgers I've had... Originally being from southern California, I may be biased about it, but Double-Doubles are so amazing... And I eat a lot of burgers in a lot of places. The sweetness of the sauce compliments the saltiness of the patties, contrasts the mildness of the cheese, compliments the crispness of the lettuce/tomato, contrasts the chewiness of the buns...The fries are great too. Not overly crisp, not soggy, lightly salted, fried in vegetable oil, and cut to order. They just stick to what they know and what the do well. Not over complicating the menus and keeping it simple. (even the "secret menu")
4	What can you say about In-N-Out that you do not already know?Sober, drunk, high, tired, hungry, late night, date night, cheap life, secret menu.... It is always there for you.
5	Any time you can get In-N-Out outside of Cali it's always a good thing to me. I love In-N-Out so much my wife gets jealous sometimes. While this is a chain it's the fast food burger joint that all should be judged by. My only complaint is why isn't it on the strip?
5	Great bugers; you even get a placemat to eat in the car; classy!
5	I'm not gonna state what isn't obvious so I'll keep it short. In-N-Out isn't a place for gourmet burgers or a life changing experience. It's a model of how good fast food should be.Burgers are grilled in store. Employees are paid decently so they're generally friendly. Fries are cut from potatoes on site. To top it off it's an open kitchen design you can see how your food is being prepared!The reason people rave about In-N-Out is because the chain manages to do things the right way and stay profitable. The burgers and fries taste good not because of some magical ingredient but simply because they were prepared and cooked fresh on site.
4	In-N-Out is straight forward, cheap, and delicious. The meat is fresh, fries are cut on site, and milkshakes are glorious in the summer. It's no wonder that this west coast chain has gained a loyalty nationwide and has east coasters begging for this chain to reach the Atlantic. The menu is minimalist personified and I like that. You can a grilled cheese and animal style fries if your obese heart desires. I'm not a burger person, but when I do want a burger, I go for In-N-Out.
4	It's not the best hamburger you'll ever have in your life, but it is very good, especially for a fast food burger.It's cheap.It's pretty fast, depending on the crowd.Service is good.It has to be eaten immediately or else the fries are soggy.
3	I'm from NY and to try one of these nonexistent-in-NY chains was in my todo list.I was recommended to get a #2, which was a cheeseburger and fries and I had substituted the soda for a milkshake. I was NOT a fan of the fries. Fries should be good my themselves, prior to any condiments. Seasoning after the fry is a different story. These were just freshly cut potatoes and fried. Nothing special.The burger was okay. It was on par with Wendys. Not craveworthy. Just a simple cheeseburger. Price went for $5.99. Much cheaper than what I'm used to.
3	Hubby and I made the pilgrimage to In-N-Out after hearing so many great things about it.  We don't have any on the east coast, so we took advantage of our trip to Las Vegas to try it out.  Amazingly, this one was within walking distance (albeit a long and circuitous walk) of our hotel.  The burgers and fries were okay, but this was not an "OMG, BEST BURGERS EVER" kind of experience.  Yes, they do a better job than Burger King, McDonalds, and the like, but that's not saying much, is it?  What I liked:  The toasted buns, the burger's flavor, and the fries (like McDonald's but more potatoey)What I didn't like:  The unbelievable busy-ness of the place, the lack of anyone cleaning tables as people left.  At home, we have Five Guys.  In-N-Out is similar, but certainly no better.
3	The best thing about In & Out other than their burgers which I look forward to when I come to this establishment is their fries......what the hell happened here.   This In & Out in this location had the baddest tasting fries I've ever tasted.  It didn't at all taste how an In & Out fries is suppose to taste like. The burgers are still good though.  Things not on the menu that you can order is protein style burgers (lettuce substituting that buns) and animal style fries.Very crowded location because it's across from UNLV.  Competition has opened next door, SMASH BURGER! I love that joint because I used to eat there every time I was in San Diego.  I'll give that a try next time I'm here.  For some reason though, I feel as California In & Outs have better tasting burgers and fries than the ones here in Vegas.  Maybe they need to retrain their cooks again on how to make it.  5 stars in Cali, 3 stars in Vegas.
5	Love me some In-N-Out!
5	I have been waiting so long for my In and Out burger. I have been hearing about this West coast chain for ages. Everyone talks about how GREAT it is - "It's the best burger in the world" - "You will never have such as good burger in your life" - "I travel to the West coast just for this burger." So when I found out that there was one a couple of blocks away from the convention center I was working in, I was beyond ecstatic. I just had to get there. So I dragged two of my co-workers to In and Out to grab a "burger and fries". It was amazing. Out of this world. The best burger I ever had. Etc. Etc. Other than that, I really can't say much. If you never had it - You NEED/HAVE to experience it. If you had - you don't need any other explanation. It's just that good!
4	I gave this location 4 stars and the Sahara location 5 because of my experience at this one was not as good as it should've been.my fault, not the staff's.The lovely Esther was a very friendly cashier and the line of 6 people ahead of me was very fast.Food came out very quickly(my usual double double animal style, fries and root beer) and was delish.the only bad part about the experience was eating indoors.to me, In-N-Out is not a sit-down kinda place.It was meant to be eaten in a car, with music playing and burger juices dripping all over the seat and steering wheel.I'm sorry I had to learn that the hard way....
4	This In n Out location is going to get a 4 star strictly because of the demographic it attracts. It's basically located on UNLV's campus so at any point throughout the day you might experience some real obnoxious students. Other than that, it's always clean and serves one of the best burgers I've ever had.
5	Delicious! if you want a fresh burger here is the place!! You will spend less than $5 for an entire meal!  You can't beat that anywhere! :)
5	Soul soothing good on every level of dirty-ness.I am so glad that we don't have In-N-Out up here in the great white north, as it wouldn't be as fun to gorge myself on each visit south.That's it!Yum.My soul thanks you once again.
3	in & out.great price, cheap burger, fast service, made to order, animal style, etc. Close to the strip and its really good!
5	This place is too good.I've been coming here for years and i feel this is the best location in town. The fries are perfect and so are the burgers.I now get a 2x2 animal protein style with fries and a lemonade, a far cry from my puberty-driven 6x6s but its still great.
4	I love me some In N Out Burger!!!!  This is a must every time I hit the west coast because we lack this food chain in Illinois.  You can't go wrong with this place...it's simple, burgers, fries, drinks, & shakes.  I absolutely LOVE the fries from this place!!!Skip McDonalds and those other food chains... this is higher quality fast food that you won't regret.Oh, if you're skipping out on the carbs/bread - you can get your burger wrapped in lettuce tooo!
5	Epic is the only word to use when describing this place. If I had one closer to me it would be devistation because I would be there all the time!
3	I remember when In N Out used to have awesome THICK cut fries that were just perfect. The burgers had a really soft bun and the juicy patties were well-seasoned. They used to be worth 5 stars.I'm really disappointed that it's all changed. I am not sure if they stayed the same in Cali, but it'd be great if they did. Here in Vegas, The fries are really thin and SPONGY. The burgers have buns that are shiny.. oily, greasy, soggy.. It's really unpleasant. Patties are not seasoned like they used to be so it's not much of an improvement over a salad. The 10-15 minute wait is usual for dine-in. I've eaten at this location 4 times and I'm sad to say the food doesn't represent the In N Out I used to love.I noticed this is a favorite burger joint for a lot of people, and I'm really surprised. If only you had In N Out when they actually served great food. Maybe it's still the same in Cali. Maybe not. I don't care anymore.
4	Being somewhat new to the area, this was my first In-N-Out experience.Upon entering, there was a long line of hungry customers. However, the line went by fast. The cashier was so upbeat and friendly. First thing she said was a cheery "Hi how are you!" You don't get that kind of happy customer service at other fast food places.I had perused the "secret" menu before coming here, so I knew what I wanted -- cheeseburger, animal style. The cashier suggested a "combo" so I ordered that. It came with fries and a medium drink.Considering that everything is cooked up fresh, the wait wasn't too long. The cheeseburger was wonderful to look at - fresh, bright and tempting. One bite and I was in heaven~  The fries on the other hand were just so-so.For the price, quality, and service, In-N-Out surely beats other fast food joints.
4	Line was long, but well worth the wait.  Everyone is so friendly.
5	As a student at UNLV, I have a lot of food options. In the Student Union alone there are a few solid options (Metro Pizza, Panda Express, Subway...), plus the options within a block of campus (Jimmy John's, Aloha Kitchen, Chipotle...). Still, given all those tasty options, In N Out is the place to go. In N Out has the perfect combination of factors that I look for in a place to grab food: the wait is relatively short, the food is great, and prices are reasonable. Plus, they're consistently good - unlike some of the other places nearby where you sometimes get a great meal and sometimes don't (cough Chipotle cough). Now, let me get into what you should order in case you don't already know: Double Double, fries (animal style) and a shake. Sure, it's like 1500 calories altogether... but man you won't regret it at all. The burgers are really, really good, the cheese is perfectly melty, the onions and lettuce and tomatoes are perfect, and the bun is great, too. It's awesome. The fries, too, are probably the best fries you're gonna get. You can watch them cut and fry them, so you know how fresh they are. Also, I love that this place is so close to campus. I mainly stay in the BEH building, so I'm already pretty close to Maryland Pkwy, which makes me extra close to In N Out. Win.
4	Yes it's a fast food joint, but hot damn are their burgers fantastic. I tend to get plain cheeseburgers so you better have some juicy and good meat and this place delivers. However, I wasn't all that impressed with their fries. I mean, they aren't anywhere close to being as good as Portillo's fries, but then few places can match those fries. Also, the place is clean. All gleaming white, the tables were spotless, and the bathrooms didn't give me crabs.
5	It's IN N OUT good...that's what I use to praise other food places that's really good. So that says it all. ANIMAL STYLE!!!
4	Quick service but there is definitely not enough parking, or seating (inside and out!)
4	Always great food and service. This is a very busy store. I always get the meat and fries cooked well done. The food came out well!
5	Without question the best fast food burger ever!  It is the perfect combo of beef, onions and lettuce.  Always get it with a side of animal fries.
4	So this review is a culmination of the countless times I've been here, and it all started many years ago when I was a student at UNLV.  When I was a student, the proximity to campus was fantastic.  And I don't know if it still exists, but there used to be sneaky-ninja parking behind the restaurant where I parked my car regularly and was never towed.  I am sure I went at least an entire semester without paying for on-campus parking because of this sneaky-ninja space.  Also when I was a student, the affordability of this place and the fillingness (I'm not sure if that's a word but you get my meaning) of the meal was super appreciated.  I can honestly say that I do not have any recollection of having bad service here, whether drive-through or dine-in, and again, that's going on many (many) years of coming here. The food always tastes fresh.  While the actual menu items are limited, the 'styles' are varied.  Check out the not-so-secret menu (per your favorite internet search engine) and you'll know what I mean.  Me, I'm a tradionalist.  Double-double with grilled onions, light on the sauce, with fries and a Dr Pepper easy ice.  When I'm looking for a tasty burger-and-fries, I will default to this tried-and-true In-N-Out burger.
5	Five stars for fast food. Much better than Five Guys.
4	Cheap, made-to-order burgers featuring fresh ingredients?  Yes please!  Very busy during the school year, so visit accordingly.
4	This place hits the spot. If you've tasted the greatness of an in n out fast food burger, then you know what I mean. This review is more for the customer service and the overall cleanliness of the facility. Customer service: the employees all greeted my friends and I when we walked into the door. It really seemed like their assembly line was legit and they kept their customers first. What I mean by that is I didn't see any workers talking to one another while serving customers, or taking the occasional cigarette break in the middle of their shift. The cashier also repeated my order to make sure it was totally correct, thank you! I even had a happy employee when giving my food and upon asking for more spread :)Facility: bathrooms=CLEAN. Finally a place that knows that toilet paper isn't an item that belongs all over the floor. Tables were also cleaned up and washed down immediately after customers left. The soda fountain station was also cleaned up many times as I was sitting waiting for my to go order.Overall my experience at this location was excellent. I wouldn't mind going back at all when I'm looking for my in n out fix in Vegas ;)
4	Since I traveled from BWI airport in Maryland it was only fitting to eat at In-N-Out on S Maryland Pkwy.  During a recent weekend trip to Vegas our party ate here twice!Visit# 1 - Demolished a double double (animal style)Visit# 2 - Ate a double double grilled (protein style)Not sure if it was the wings I ate an hour prior to visit #2 or the actual lettuce (vice buns) but I could not finish my animal style fries during visit #2 and barely finished my protein style double double.   Thank you In-N-Out!
4	It has been 18 months since I had my beloved In-N-Out! Like my boy Charles wrote in his review, it was fitting coming from Maryland to eat at S Maryland Pkwy location.  We ended up eating here twice on our 3 night trip.First night -  #1 Animal style w/ Animal style friesLast night - #1 Animal StyleThat first bite was the bomb!  I really miss eating here.  I will save my usual 4x4 for my Official San Diego Trip in August!
2	I had heard great things about this place, so when we came to visit, this was on my list of things to do.  I have to say that I was really disappointed with this experience.  The hamburger I had was nothing special, and the fries were just awful. I gave this a 2, as I was able to at least eat it, if not enjoy it.
5	Best burgers when it comes to fast food. I like the double double with fries and a milkshake.
5	Honestly what can I say about in n out that hasn't been said before? People keep telling me things like... "you know I think I like five guys better". Five guys is great, but it's burgers are soggy and fall apart if you take them out of the foil wrapper. In n out has stood the test of time, when I lived out east during college I used to crave these burgers, and the first thing I wanted off the plane was always in n out. That is true burger love my friends.
4	After moving from California to New York 8 months ago, I've had to deal with the complete lack of In-N-Out deliciousness.  Sure New York has plenty of great alternatives, but nothing is a replacement for In-N-Out.There's not much to say about this particular location... except its nice and close to the airport and the two times I went there was almost no line (which I've never experienced in CA).VEGETARIANS:  Order a "Grilled Cheese Animal Style" and some fries and you're set!
5	The people who gave this below 4 stars must of accidentally walked into Mcdonalds.....As a UNLV student this is just a 10 second walk from my classes, They food is hot and always fresh and the burgers are juicy with great sauce. I've been to some great burger places in NYC but still non have surpassed In-N-Out for me!
5	great food but parking sucks!!!
4	I didn't always like this. For the longest time I had a huge distaste for In N Out..but recently my taste's have changed. When I want a great cheeseburger I have been coming here the last few times and I really like it.  There are a few things that I really like, it's extremely clean which I love. You can see the kitchen sparkle!!! It's cheap..we got 4 cheeseburgers, 2 fries and 2 drinks for $15! I don't like the fries too much...they get kind of hard and crunchy once they get cold. Their milkshakes are awesome!!
5	Best burgers for under $5.  This is a westcoast establishment so if you're a tourist or just visiting the west coast this is a great place to grab a quick bite.  Everything is fresh and staff are always friendly.  My favorite burger chain hands down.
5	Best burgers. Nothing more to say. Alright, I will say it again - Best burgers.
5	I don't live in an area where they have In-N-Out Burger, so it is one of those things I have to do when I travel to a city that has them.If you're visiting and have access to a car, unless you want to visit the souvenir shop, don't go to the popular one near the airport end of the strip.  This one is just around the corner near the university, and the line is NOT nearly as long as the it ALWAYS is at the other one nearby (w/ the souvenir shop).Good burgers, melty cheese, tasty sauce.  A single is more the size of a regular McDonald's cheeseburger, so I'd recommend a double cheese for the average adult.
5	I just visited this location and the staff was extremely friendly, pleasant, greeted you as you can into the restaurant , a very pleasant experience. The food was great, fast service, and the restaurant  was clean and not packed.
4	Holy cow. Woah. I had heard all the hype, but I dismissed it.You see, I come from the land of McDs and BK and other revolting and disappointing "burgers," so I just didn't know. I didn't know! I normally detest fast food, but I don't even think In-N-Out truly belongs in that category. This, my friends, was a (cheese) BURGER! Then I returned the land of gross burgers, with nothing but the memory of what I WISH fast food tasted like here in the Northeast.
5	What can I say?  All burgers are not made equal.  I have eaten at 3 of the Valley's In n Outs, Blue Diamond and Eastern, but this location makes them better, I don't know why that is.  Since moving west to Las Vegas I have discovered that I have been deprived all these years of a truly good burger at a fast food joint.  This place rocks.
5	What can I say that hasn't been said about In-N-Out.... It is AWESOMELY DELICIOUS!!! I like this location by UNLV better than the one off of Flamingo & Dean Martin Drive. That location is for the tourist who didn't rent a car or didn't check google maps for other locations. I like to order my burgers here animal style which is their special sauce that resembles thousand island dressing with cooked onions. If you get a chance to go to an In-N-Out burger, get onto the internet to see the special menu.
5	I'm not sure there's much I can say that hasn't already said about Inn n Out in general or this Inn n Out in particular.Overall Inn n Out never disappoints. The burgers are delicious, fresh and the cheese always perfectly melted. The lettuce has a crunch and the tomatoes aren't mealy. Things you would think would be expected of most places that serve burgers, but often these goals aren't met - except for Inn n Out. Quality burgers. All the time.Overall I'm a fan of the Double Double with grilled onions. And their chocolate shakes. Damn good.This Inn n Out has a small parking lot and it is slightly awkward to get into if you are heading North on Maryland Parkway. However, these all issues are trumped by great customer service and even better food. Highly recommend.
4	This location is always busy, with high volumes of employees in the area and of course the students at UNLV. Avoid eating in during lunch time from Mon-Thurs. Despite the volume of traffic here, the staff work quickly and professionally and are always polite and friendly. I prefer this location better than the one off 95 & Sunset, which is closer to home for me.
4	Ask for the monster fries;  Grilled onions with cheese and sauce smothering a bed of their fresh French friesNext to UNLV, this restaurant is where students and locals go when they don't want to spend much but are very hungry.
2	My boyfriend had been waiting a long time to go here and he said the birders were just average. I had the fries and they were good.
4	This is my favorite In-N-Out in Vegas.  All the others feel new and like any other fast food place, but this one feels like a good old fashion In-N-Out.  The burgers aren't any better or worst, but I just like the feel of this place.
2	I don't understand all the hype.  First visit here I thought was mediocre, but figured I'd give it another shot.  It wasn't any better.  The burgers were ok.  The meat patties are paper thin (like a White Castle burger).  The taste ok, but if you're looking for a manly burger, go somewhere else.  The special sauce (thousand island) gave it a little flavor.  I saw them cutting up fries when I entered so my hopes were high that at least they would be good.  Wrong!  They cut them so then, then overcook them.  They were too hard/done.  I've had shoestring potatoes that weren't that crispy.Price was good.  Maybe that's why people love this place.
5	The burgers here are so good! They dont have an in and out where I live, so I really look forward to an opportunity to taste these seemingly homemade treats!
4	Coming from California, I've been to about 10 different In-N-Out locations, but this is my favorite one by far. Every time I visit Vegas, I like to stop here for a burger, fries, and a shake.There's nothing really special here that you wouldn't get at another In-N-Out. What sets this place apart is its consistency. Its burgers, fries, etc. are always prepared to perfection every time. Elsewhere I've experienced cases where the buns or fries might be slightly soggy, or the burger just not quite done right, but not here.87/100
5	Ah In-N-Out Burger, my own little burger heaven that I miss so dearly from the cold East coast.I had to go to In-N-Out Burger as my final meal in Vegas. I got into my cab and told him "The closest In-N-Out Burger to the airport please." His reaction was less than enthusiastic but I am the customer and I get what I want (within reason of course). I walked in with suitcase and carry-on in arm, went straight up to the cashier and ordered my college favorite:Cheeseburger Animal Style WITH whole grilled onions, fries and a chocolate milkshake.(Which is about... what, probably one million calories? To quote almost every rapper out there, "I don't give a ____!")I don't care how long I've lived in NYC for, I still love my In-N-Out so much. The fries are just so fresh. Onions grilled and caramelized. Animal sauce dripping everywhere. Shake so thick that it's really hard to suck out through my straw.... uh hem. All of this quality I can taste and it only came out to $6.38... TAKE THAT SHAKE SHACK.Fifteen minutes of foodgasms later and I was ready to leave for the airport. Till next time In-N-Out, I love you and miss you already.----------------------------------------------------------------------My personal side story:If you are a visiting out of towner, do not do what I did. I honestly thought I was going to miss my flight because I had a cab drop me off here so I could enjoy my burger in peace. Unbeknownst to me that unlike NYC, Vegas cabs are not allowed to be hailed on the side of the road... So here I  am waiting at an In-N-Out for a cab that I called in because I could not for the life of me get any of the cabs driving by to pull over on this random road.15 minutes passes... nothing.I call the cab company and they said they have NO record of my request so I resubmit it.Then another 15 minutes...Then another 30 minutes...At this point I have been waiting for a cab for an hour, my flight is in an hour and I am freaking the f*** out!!!Luckily one man dropping off someone else earlier saw me and actually came back to get me. Thank you taxi man!!! Ironically enough my flight ended up being delayed TWO HOURS because of the one thunderstorm that happens once a summer in Vegas... so everything was fine.So there, that was my full In-N-Out Burger story from Vegas. Enjoy.
5	Great food. Fast. Fresh. Excellent service
4	Who doesn't love IN n Out?! Best burger joint! There's just a couple of things I have to point out though...1. It gets pretty over crowded during the day with students from UNLV 2. If you are driving, PLEASE be very careful with the slight traffic and students passing. Other than that, worth the wait to get a juicy burger, fries, and a delicious milkshake!
5	I've been to their restaurants in Dallas and they were just ok.  But in Vegas, I see what In-N-Out is all about and why it's worth all of the hype.  Spotlessly clean restaurant, friendly employees, and the food was freshly cooked and cooked to order.  Definitely worth the hype.  Here's hoping that the rumored new locations in Austin can live up to Vegas standards.   A special thanks for real iced tea with real lemons!
5	Oh Come on! InNOut Burger, I love it. They always seem to get my order right even in the drive threw, I like to go in and wash my hands before I eat my #1 protein style burger.Pretty clean store considering they are right on top of the UNLV campus, Ahh College..Great place to people watch, did I mention the college?
5	I don't think I need to do any convincing to get you to go to In N Out...get a cheeseburger, get it animal style, get some animal style fries, get a shake and you're good to go.
2	If you're looking for a McDonald's alternative, I would say this place is better than McDonalds, BurgerKing etc. I would not say this place is any healthier for you. Its a fast food burger place no different than Checkers. The fries are NEVER cooked all the way, they bring them to you looking VERY oily, and you will not find them crisp or done (as this is a fast food place and they want things moving as fast as possible). The food quality isnt terrible, but this is NOTHING to get excited over. THIS IS JUST LIKE ANY OTHER FAST FOOD PLACE, WITH AVERAGE TASTING FOOD, AND FRIES THAT ARE UNCOOKED.  If you're running late and have NO other options, stop by to eat, other than that, NOTHING SPECIAL...
5	Get it Mustard Grilled. In N Out! nothing can be said that hasn't already. EAT, LOVE, EAT.
5	It's the In n Out that I had spent many years at during my time at UNLV. Many Animal Style fries and cheeseburgers later, I feel I owe it to the good folks of In-n-Out to review them . And while their prices have gone up, I can always count on them and this location to provide me with some hot, artery clogging goodness. In-n-Out you are truly in a class of your own.
4	Is it me or is in-out-burger burgers not that "amazing" anymore?I used to love going to in-N-out and ordering a #2, grilled onions with no tomatoes and instead of soda. I would substitute it for a strawberry shake. Food (3)I feel like they are going down-hill and not only that but their prices are getting higher.  I was surprised when I saw how much they increased the prices.  (I mean they didn't increase it by that much, but it was enough for me to notice)  They increase their prices, but they did not increase the quality of the food.  The burger made me want to vomit, after several bites I had to but it down and cover it with napkins. However, maybe it was just this one time that the burger didn't taste as great.  Because most of the time, I really love going here .Atmosphere (3.5)They maintain their area and place is always clean, reminds me of a modern diner.  Service (5) Everyone is very friendly, seems like a majority of them are either ln high-school or college students that work in this location. Overall (3.5)Rounded up because though I had a bad experience once, most of my experiences were great here.
4	This In n Out is probably the same as any In n Out you've ever been to. The service was swift and the staff were nice and the venue was clean. I was also hungover to the gills, so I'm pretty sure this burger saved my life! It's right by the Nevada University though so it's often really really busy.
5	How can you not like In-n-Out? Their burgers are how I imagined the Krabby Patty as a kid! It's crazy cheap, customizable and delicious. I personally get a double double with extra toast and extra grilled onions. Add some fries with that and it comes out to $5!If I'm feeling really hungry I bump up my order to a 3x3 or a 4x4. Sadly, they won't allow you to order more than that :(Tip: get your French fries well done you'll never regret it
3	Funny how there's a Five Guys just up the street, but I wanted to try something I can't get back east.That being said, I found decent prices, good service, decent fries, and a decent burger.I was expecting more for some reason, but In-N-Out just isn't on Five Guys' level when it comes to burgers and fries.
5	Great burgers as always and a convenient location on campus. Staying with friends at the Hard Rock  it took some east coast friends who never had the pleasure of tasting this West Coast treat. Animal style all around and as always a satisfying visit..That's what a hamburgers , all about!
5	The best burgers in town! Always a favorite, and if you're a tourist, this is a must stop place on your list. Add it along with the Strip and everything else. Animal style is the best on fries (don't prefer it on my burger). If you want to splurge, add an Neapolitan shake!
4	The east-coast colleague of mine was dying to have some In-N-Out burgers so we decided to get some.This location is right next to UNLV so it's packed with students and everyone else being enticed by the signature waft from the single-mile radius.Got the double double animal style and everyone was more than satisfied.
5	man i always eat in and out and it never fails no matter which one i go too its the same and i always get the 4x4 best hambugers period .
5	What can you say?????   Ive been to 6 contries and all over the USA. This is the best fast food burger in the world.
5	Oh, I wish there was In-N-Out on the east coast!  I have to get my fix every time I go to Vegas, and the location on Maryland on the edge of the UNLV campus is a great spot if you can get there.  It's not as crowded as the Trop location near the I-15, so you get your double-double and fries much faster.I get it, In-N-Out won't build a franchise that is more than a day drive from their warehouse so their food stays fresh...or something like that.  But I wish they would break their rule just one time and put one in Boston, specifically across the street from my apartment.Oh, how I miss you In-N-Out, and I will see you again when I'm back in Vegas!
5	Oh my gosh!I love this food,it's cheap and tastes good this is my first stop in Vegas!The food is really good.I wish they had some in Colorado.This is like heaven.I really recommend this if you haven't tried it.
4	Amazing burgers made just the way you like. Very simple menu. I always order animal style fries and an animal style cheeseburger with extra toasted bun!! Ask for more spread. Service is always ok point and the workers are friendly.
4	Burger Well done that's all I can say. Everything was on point from taste to speed of order. GREAT place to catch a quick bite before hitting the strip.
5	Great, fast service. We even got help taking our order to our table.  Menu is simple & reasonable but perfect. Order the "Animal Style" (it's not on the menu) for your burger or fries or both. I say the sauce is like a Big Mac sauce. We loved it. In n Out, please come to Oahu!!
5	Theres only one word to describe this place... DELICIOUS! From the burgers to the fries animal style everything! its amazingfrom the moment you walk in you a greeted by a friendly staffthere outfits remind you of a classic burger joint.I had to go online to find out about there secret menu or there items not listed like Animal style burger and fries. Neopolitan shake, and different kinds of ways to get your burger. One bite and they had me! Im all over this review because I can't explain how much I love this place and there burgers!
3	I guess for fast food it's ok.  But it doesn't live up to the hype. The meat is definitely fresh, but the patties were kinda small and the double double's cheese to meat ratio was too high. I tasted more cheese than meat.  The fries were bland. McDonald's taste better. Strawberry shake doesn't hold up to chickfila. If you want a fast, cheap burger it's a decent choice.
5	Great clean location with fast service despite the large volume of visitors. I typically get the double double animal style with the fries extra crispy and yellow peppers on the side. In n out is my go to hamburger spot by UNLV. Top notch burger and fries. Overall impeccable service
5	I love this In and Out Burger and always visit it when I'm in Vegas. There's no In and Out Burgers where I live and I like going to this one because it's a good excuse to get off the strip and not gamble for a little while.
5	Exactly as expected from an In-N-Out!  Fresh and friendly faces and always busy!  Gotta get your food animal style (kinda like Mac sauce). Neapolitan shakes are the bomb!
5	YUM!. Visiting Las Vegas, so we HAD to make a pit stop here. Drive thru was pretty quick. Burgers and fries were DE-LICIOUS! Wish there was an In-N-Out Burger, here in Florida. My mouth is watering! *sigh*
5	As a In-N-Out fan after a big party weekend it was the perfect lunch for a long trip coming back home. It is always worth it yummy!!!!! We had to wait for a long queue and take a table before asking for the food (poor lonely me waiting for the food) but even though we had to wait a while it was super worth it! Always is! The fries are awesome and naturals! I have no words for this food and experience :PGood and quick service.
5	Always a treat to eat a good juicy burger while in Vegas! Protein style for me (lettuce wrap instead of the bun)! Good solid food at good prices.
5	I'm not quite sure what I'm going to do when I move back to the east coast! Protein style burgers are my favorite thing about In & Out! They are so so good! This location pretty much always has a line but it's worth it! Ask for the special sauce on the side if you don't like it to be dripping ;)Check out the secret menu online for some cool new things to order
5	In -N-OUT   You hold a special place in my heart. You stole my burger virginity while I was in utero in the year 1975-76. Yes, I am still upset that your french fries aren't as good as they used to be and I despise the thousand island sauce on my burger.   However, I will tolerate your flaws due to the fact we've been together for 38 years and will probably be with you to the bitter end.  I love you!
2	Their fries are awesome but I seriously hate the wait! it's ridiculous! my only complaints about in and out. we wait in our cars like we're in a sit-down restaurant.
1	As usual their hamburgers are tasteful, but the service at this location is the worst! I got almost yell at just because they gave me a wrong order. So if you want a great hamburger you can just skip this location and go to another In-N-Out Burger other than this, because their service sucks...
5	Amazing double double burger meal.. Priced right, better deal than Mcdonald's! Decided to come here for lunch with co-workers here in Vegas. Have never been before, but the food was absolutely delicious and fresh. I would recommend this place to anyone who lives a juicy burger. Will definitely be back the next time in in town.
5	guys recommend it absolutely ...... even if you have to do a bit of a row to be able to order, but it's worth it believe me! burgers are phenomenal and even beer is really good. try try try it!
4	If i'm ever out in the west coast i usually have to stop off at a In n out. This time in vegas was no exception. Near the UNLV campus you'll get a steady stream of college co-eds. Make sure you hit up the secret menu as you'll get some nice combinations that are off menu. I always go for a cheese burger animal style which comes with the in n out sauce which is relish mayo based with some chilli. As well as topping it off over fries. Yum. Great meat, juicy and flavorful. Made to order which always is a step up from the usual mcd's and burger king chains. Great shakes as well.
