1	Very disappointed with experience at McFaddens. As we were sitting down, a couple walking out told us not to waste our time here. We should have listened. They did just open and are probably trying to work out the kinks, but the food was not very good. The bar also promoted an appearance by Daniel Tosh and when asked when he would arrive, we were told it was just a raffle for tickets to his show (even though the flyer on their website specifically stated picture opportunities with Daniel Tosh). They falsely advertised to get people into the bar, but lost a customer here by doing so. The fact that I live very close, I was really hoping this would be a new spot to hangout. Unfortunately all I can say is that I will not be back! The only bright spot of the entire night was our waitress who was very sweet and also seemed surprised that the appearance being promoted was in fact, nothing more than a marketing ploy!
1	Ok...sooo I won a Free VIP party night and thought, well why not. This was a bad decision on my part. When I got there I told them I won the VIP thing and handed them my ID (because it's hard to hear and my full name is difficult), then they started yelling Happy Birthday and blowing a horn...my birthday is in March (apparently it was October birthday event as well as the VIP thing). We find a table and sit down, a waitress finally shows up and the fun begins.  She tells us the specials and we order. I have to ask for a menu in order for us to know what they have in way of beer and food because she didn't seem clear on a few things. We order food and another round of drinks. The food (Mac and Cheese and Hummus sampler) comes out, they don't bring us utensils, they do not bring us plates. When we ask for utensils they bring our table of 5, 2 sets of silverware, I'm not sure if we were supposed to use them to battle each other until there were 2 victors and they were the ones who got to eat or were really bad at counting. Now to address the food, I didn't eat any of it, but I was told the Mac and Cheese was very good.  The hummus was commented as being too oily. The other thing with the hummus is it's called a hummus sampler but there was only 1 kind of hummus. There were a bunch of vegetables and 3 pieces of pita bread. So it's more like a veggie plate with hummus and some pita bread. About this time we go to order another round of drinks...however this time the specials are different and what was previously ordered we are told was not on special and will be full price and that only Bud Light Draft as the beer is on special. This wouldn't have been a big deal if we were told in the beginning, same things most likely would have been ordered but it leaves a bad taste in my mouth that we were told one thing in the beginning and then it change mid night. We were also told at this time that we no longer would get glasses and now plastic cups is what drinks would be served in. I also pull up a drink I want to try on my phone and ask if it's possible that I could get it (I was already told I couldn't have a lemon drop because it's a shot, which yes it is but it's also a drink). Instead of writing down the ingredients (vodka, grapefruit juice and apple juice) after looking at my phone, she asks if she can take my phone, so she can ask. When I'm a little hesistant (think $600 phone and me having no way to replace it or pay for the insurance immediately) she says "I'm not going to steal it, I promise." So I let her take it, she does not go right to the bartender, she instead takes a little tour around the restaurant with my phone in tow. She comes back and informs me that they do no have the ingredients for that drink. So I order a different one that is pretty much packed with ice, as most of the alcoholic drinks have been all night, to the point that it became a joke at our table. The regular Coke however had very little ice. Now, time for the check, I had a $25 gift certificate for the food, so we gave the waitress that.  She came back like 5 minutes later and asked us if it was counterfeit. Yeah, so at this point, we are paying more money for drinks and have been accused of being thiefs, lovely. She brings the check out, it's wrong, it's explained to her how it's not accurate and she has a difficult time processing that information. She takes it back, she comes back again, she is asked to explain some things and she gets a bit snippy about it.  This whole process alone took 30 minutes and at this point we just want to leave, so we pay. I have no intentions of returning to this location, as it's a somewhat largish chain, so even though this is a new location this stuff should be figured out. The waitress was friendly until the check part I'll give her that. However, I'm not sure if she was not trained properly on the specials or what is available at the bar by management or why she was unsure about so many things.
2	While I was excited to see anything move into one of the nearly half-dozen vacant restaurant spaces in Desert Ridge, McFadden's is just another typical chain sports bar that this part of town isn't really clamoring for.  Desert Ridge Marketplace already has a good (but overpriced) sports bar, and a mediocre locally owned sports bar, so I am left wondering who felt it was a good idea to add a third.On a friday night around 8:30 we were seated immediately.  Too bad it took quite a while for a server to stop by our table.  It wasn't very busy, but somehow four or five waitresses passed by us during a nearly 10 minute period.  It could have been more, or even less;  All of them looked like they may have been cloned from the same cute brunette [that's not a complaint].  One finally decided it would be a good idea to serve us.  To her credit, she was really nice and attentive once she took our order.My wife and I split a goat cheese and grilled chicken flat bread.  A pretty well designed flat bread with arugula and mushrooms.  Pretty good, but nothing great.  $12 seemed slightly (but not egregiously) overpriced.  We also tried a belfast burger.  Covered in sauteed mushrooms and onions, with havarti cheese, it's a good burger.  We ordered it medium, and it definitely came out more on the rare side.  Served with pretty good fries, $12 was a good price point for this.  The beer selection is also pretty good.McFadden's definitely screams bar more than restaurant.  The tables are all left bare.  No napkins, silverware, or even salt, pepper, or condiments are left on any of the tables.  It seems like it would make for a decent happy hour spot, but there's nothing advertising drink specials or happy hours or anything else that would convince me to come back to this bar over the countless others in the area if I was just looking for a quick place to meet up with a few friends for a drink.It may have been a little too loud, but I did enjoy the music selection.  The tunes were all from the 80's and early 90's.  Stuff I happened to grow up listening to.  To make a long story short;  McFadden's isn't bad.  It just doesn't offer anything that says come here instead of anywhere else.
3	Just opened and not quite all there yet. But it's promising because it's the most energetic place at Desert Ridge right now.The bartenders danced on the bar. The music (mainly dance and house) was loud. Service was ok. They still have construction going on in the patio area.Overall, much better than the tgi Fridays they replaced at this location.
1	Despite the fact that this bar is getting one star, you should go there and soon. Mostly because it won't be open long. Friend won a "VIP" party! Yay, let's go!Turns out that means four dollar domestic drafts and two dollars off well drinks.... Wow. Lookout, we got a crazy night coming! They seat us in the corner, and the six of us order a drink. We practiced conversing for about 25 minutes before 4 beers and two drinks arrived, 66% accuracy rate. Nothing really improved after this. Lame waitress was incredibly slow to bring drinks and take orders. It was lame. Especially when it was not too busy in the bar. A bouncer type guy brought us two of our drinks after we asked him to get us our waitress. After we decided to move on, it took them over 15 minutes to bring our cards back. WTF. If you like being ignored and crunching ice with your teeth instead of drinking the beer you ordered, this is your new spot. Hurry while the horrible service has that new bar smell!
2	Bad place in desert ridge to watch football no specials on Thursday night and service not that great, food over priced
1	Awful. Don't waste your time. If you sit at a table in the bar area all you will get is a dirty look from the wait staff. Less than 30% full on a Sat afternoon and no service after 10 min of waiting/trying to get someone's attention.  Bar staff and waitresses were swearing loudly.  They don't care and they show it. Look for this place on "Bar Rescue" in a few months.
5	I had great service . The wings where tender and the rub was not over powering. Good beer selection with $3 special on Monday night. I will be returning for the patio grand opening to do some more sampling.
5	Went for the opening weekend of the patio and loved it.  The decor and food are more upscale than you would expect.  Multiple sized tables, well spaced out, dark but comfortable decor.  The patio is spacious, with a firepit and patio furniture that is more backyard relaxation than bar.  The food was delicious - not your typical pub food, it has a grown up twist to it.  I was there before 9, when I understand it is a bit more of a party, and the clientele when I was there were a bit older, clearly professionals.  Think restaurant rather than bar.  I'm happy to have it so close by.
1	I love a good American interpretation of an Irish pub/bar. This is not a good interpretation. The interior didn't have any characteristics that were memorable. The menu offers the typical fare. We tried the pretzel sticks with Irish beer cheese. The cheese was gelatinous an tasted like Easy Cheese. For dinner we ordered Shepard's Pie and fish and chips. The Shepard's Pie was topped with what tasted like boxed mashed potatoes; the ground beef and vegetables were black and greasy. We were unable to eat the dish. The fish and chips were awful. You should be able to cut the fish easily with a fork, we had to use a knife. The chips weren't cooked all the way. The service was slow and the tables weren't cleaned promptly. We required a high chair and the one that was brought to use was filthy. I had to wipe it clean myself. We won't be returning and I can not recommend this place to anyone.
1	Food is terrible! Ordered a rueben and what I got was burnt, soggy bread with tsp. of cabbage slaw and rubbery deli meat!  Service was lacking even though the restaurant was empty on a busy Saturday at the Mall.  (should have been a warning)! The manager erased the bill but left me lacking for a real rueben!
2	I won a gift card and that's pretty much the only reason I went to check this place out. I don't live anywhere near this location and honestly don't see myself returning. I kid you not, reading the other yelp reviews prepared me to encounter some sort of issue while presenting my gift card. I gave 2 stars because I went around 12pm and I can't really base my reviews off crowd (90% seniors) or environment. The hostess was very nice and friendly, the restaraunt itself was clean and the patio looked really inviting. Now back to my 2 stars. First the waitress was trying to tell me I had to special reserve and some other BS. This paper gift card listed no exclusions what so ever. It did say "available for parties of any size" or something like that, and that's where she tried to say I needed to contact Tammy and set up a private party. Ha, I didn't drive from the south side (to a sports bar)to be turned away on some made up exclusion. So of course she had to go check with management ( which I expected) but that should've been done before staff makes up their own exclusions/fine print and tells patrons no.To my suprise (sarcasm) they did accept the card!! Long story short, we ordered food to go. Chicken& waffles (I should've known smh), adult mac&cheese, buffalo wings & Irish nachos. $40+worth of food & not one napkin, spoon, fork, condiment, nothing. Irish fries, which waitress recommended, was pretty decent. Chicken & frozen waffles with no syrup was deffinately not what I was expecting nor worth $5 let alone $12.The biggest disappointment by far! The buffalo wings had no sauce! I got a box of fatty wings with no flavor, no sauce AND NO FREAKING RANCH. The adult Mac&cheese was pretty good, greasy but good. I gave 2 stars because this place could be a potentially fun dive with the patio. I rarely eat bar food so I'm not sure if all places serve overpriced mediocre food. This place sure does. NEVER order the chicken & waffles if you've ever eaten at Lo Lo's.. Or if you like good waffles. I should have known. I didn't know if would be like that though. I could've waited and "possibly" been able to use the gift card to buy drinks on a weekend, but didn't want to get my hopes up.
1	After having my first review deleted I thought it was important to post another. While the new patio is nice, the food and service is lacking. Restaurant seems unsure of its identify! We ordered wings and they were mediocre. The nachos were also nothing to write home about. Server didnt know what the specials were for the night and seemed annoyed that we asked her to find out for us. We were excited for a new bar/restaurant to open, but after giving the place a try twice now we will stick to going to other restaurants in the area.
1	This place is terrible.  The help is rude.  I have been here twice and walked out the last time after the bartender stood around and talked to her co-workers instead of serving my date and I.  The set up is strange and the patio is small.  I think they were in such a rush to open they forgot to plan things like having good food and good service.
1	Where to start? We went for our daughter's birthday party. Took a while to get our first drinks. My gin and tonic was soda water. If there was gin in it, it was undetectable. I hate soda water. Never successfully go that corrected. And it was the same with my husband's bourbon and diet. The "talls" were served in Dixie cups. I used a coupon for a free glass of Chardonay. Guess I should have had a draft beer. It was disgusting. The music was so loud, conversation between more than two people was an impossibility. I am familiar with the club scene, so I do have a source of comparison. Strangely, all the music I heard was from 2005-2010. I heard nothing current. Conversation was possible only if you put your mouth in contact with a person's ear.  In spite of the fact there were plenty of tables open and the table had been reserved for two hours., the server was constantly trying to move us to a smaller table as some of the party goers were not there on the dot of 9p. Weirdly, lights were turned off in the back at about 10:15p. It was so dark, we couldn't see the people in the booths beside us. Then a couple came around with a clip board asking for person information for some drawing. I politely told them I keep my private information, well, private and that I did not intend to come back. In short, try a new marketing ploy, thank you. We didn't stay long enough to eat.  Nor did we stay long enough to watch girls dance on the bar at midnight. I mean, REALLY???
5	I must preface with the fact I have never written a review before. Due to an experience this last past Friday I felt completely compelled to "discover" Yelp. My friends and I have been frequenting Desert Ridge for several years now. We were quite excited for another venue other than the one we most frequented Sandbar. Athough there is nothing wrong with our prior venue it was nice to have something new and sandless and WOW, did McFadden's impress. From the moment we walked in the door we were greeted by friendly staff. We chose a table that would suit our party but were impressed by all the different size tables they had instead of having to push ones together. The cocktail server greeted us promptly and told us about the specials. Our round came quickly and was followed up by a manager named "Joe" who welcomed us and handed us menus and encouraged us to try the food. We weren't really even that hungry but ended up ordering 3 things for the table just because of that gesture. Irish nachos very warm and cheesy, Margherita Pizza with plenty of basil and a Belfast Burger with ample havarti cheese and astounding flavor! Our table was located next to a photo booth which made for some really funny laughs after about four photo sessions! About that time the DJ started and I was impresed that the music was not overbearing and that I could still talk to my friends. The friendly waitress was quick with drink refills even though she had other tables. The manager came to check on us again towards the end of the night, answered some questions we had regarding cabana rentals and encouraged us to come back. This place is truly a new delectable venue from interior to organization it really impressed us all. My girlfriend said it was the cleanliness of a Scottsdale venue with a very down to earth yet classy fun approach and we all whole-heartedly agreed. You really impressed us Mcfadden's, we welcome you with open arms and seriously cant wait to come back. Thanks for an amazing time and a well thought out comfortable, inviting venue! Cheers.
3	I went in last night for the first time. I have to say that this place has not left a great impression. I attempted to go on Thursday of "opening week" but the entire place was shut down and still under construction. Total disappointment. However, I absolutely LOVE the new look, feel and remodel. The outdoor patio area is incredible. Great vibe, great tunes, all and all a cool place. I want McFaddens to be successful because I am sick of everything else (not much) that Desert Ridge has to offer. The shoddy doorman and weirdo bartender (drugs?) totally left a bad impression too though, they lack professionalism completely. Management seems cool so I hope they can take out the few bad seeds and make this an awesome place to visit.
1	So I show up with my friends around 10pm on a Saturday to check out the new McFadden's location because the Westgate Mcfadden's isn't horrible. I would say there were maybe 15-20 people in the bar and they wanted to charge a cover for the boys. So I'm thinking this place might be better to come back later when more people come in. So I turn to my friends asking them if we should come back before we pay a cover and their hostess as the nerve to butt in and say.. "If you don't want to pay, you guys can go to Sandbar." And let me just say she was very rude in her tone. I found this so unbelievable that she would tell us to go to another bar!!! So we did and guess what Sandbar charged a cover and we had no problems with that. I am not some customer that thinks I need to be treated like a queen but I do expect a little bit more respect from their staff... Especially since they had no business in their bar anyway.
4	I was planning a company mixer for about 100 people, a size that sort of limits the choices.  I noticed that large covered patio area at McFadden's while it was still under construction and met with the manager there about reserving it for the party.  He was very open, and worked with me to create a menu that would take would even take into account the needs of vegetarians and gluten-free eaters -- he was way more open to tailoring options than the catering manager at the nearby Wolfley's.  The staff did a terrific job of arranging things for the party, I got raves from my office on the food selection (corned beef sliders, beer-battered chicken fingers, spiced chicken wings, "grown up mac & cheese", pretzels with beer cheese, caprese salad and assorted flatbreads), which was constantly restocked.  The service -- from the bartenders to the food servers to the hostesses and manager -- was absolutely great... they checked with me throughout the party to see if we needed anything or if there was anything else that they could do.  My understanding is that this is the first time they'd done a party of this size (not surprising given that the patio area has only been open for about a month), but I wouldn't hesitiate to go back there for our next company event.
4	So I decided to actually go inside and give this place a chance and ended up having a really great time. I told some of the staff about my previous experience and they really took care of my friend and I. There was a fun crowd, nice staff, awesome music, and the drink weren't watered down like a lot of bars. I will definitely we going back!
2	Venue looks great but service is bad. Slow, missed orders. Had high hopes as another good option.
1	I checked this place out because there was a Meetup happy hour going on there.  I don't know what their normal happy hour is but because we were in a group we were given a wristband and given 1/2 off of well drinks.  I had 3 well vodka/Redbulls on my tab.  They charged $3.00 for the drinks (normally $6.00 for cheap well vodka) PLUS $6.00 for the Redbull (3 at $2.00).  $2.00 for an ounce of Redbull in each drink?  Seriously?  In other words, this well vodka/Redbull drink would normally be $10???  That's ridiculous.  This place is nothing special and with prices like that I will not be back.  If I knew they charged $4.00(normal price, $2.00 at 1/2 off) for adding Redbull to a drink I would have asked for the cans of Redbull.
2	I've been here twice now and the first time was great service and the Mac & cheese was delicious!!! However, today was ridic. I called at 5:54 to see if they had hh and I was told "yes! Until 7". We arrived 10 min later and then I was told "no we don't have hh today". This is why I'm giving this place 2 stars.
2	First time here.  Kinda dead for a Saturday night. Came for TVs to watch football. Called before we came to see if there was happy hour...'yes, until seven.'  Got here and NO happy hour :-(.  Great bar area for watching football. They were out of potatoes! At an Irish bar!  Weird.  Ruben sandwich was ok, not enough meat. I had yummy pretzels with cheese sauce and mustard.  Caesar salad was bland, not enough dressing, and like, five, croutons.  I would probably just go somewhere else if I had a choice...nothing special.
3	My husband and I went here for happy hour and upon arrival found out there is no happy hour per se, except lower prices on a couple of mixed drinks - not on beer, wine or food.  We stayed.  The food was pretty good - we split the club sandwich but there was way too much mayo on it.   They had quite a large selection of draft beers at $5.00 each.  Service was pretty good.  The one annoying aspect of the evening was that we were sitting in the back of the restaurant.  The manager decided to do a training class with several of the servers.  We found it very rude when customers are sitting there.  For a beer place the atmosphere, beer and food is much better at BJ's right around the corner and they have a pretty good happy hour.  I don't think we will be returning to McFaddens.
5	This place is fun and it offers such a great atmosphere for mixing. I would definitely recommend the venue for after late fun.  Cheers,-Keagan
3	Met a group of pilot friends here for drinks after work. Great place for a group as they can accommodate you very well. We had about 12 or 16 people in our group total and the waitress too care of everyone separately or in small groups however you wanted. No problems with separate checks or keeping track of what you ordered. Some places don't like this because it creates more work for them but here they were great about taking care of us. Food was very good and my martini was made properly.
2	Been here several times. Their mardi gras party was the busiest I've seen yet. Their DJs talk waaaay too much on the microphone, though. Play the music guys. And the bar must be built well since it obviously has no weight limit.
2	These guys spend so much effort in their marketing, but fail to deliver once you get in the door.   I have been there many times, not by my choosing, with my parenting group.  The first time we went for our mom's night out.   They were offering us a "special extra HH until 9 p.m." that only included local beers, house wine and well drinks.  The local beers are only coors, bud and michelob, when my friend asked for Four Peaks, they told her that was not included.  My friend commented "I thought FP was local".    Whatever, I ordered what I wanted, I didn't want a headache the next day.  For food I asked for the slider trio, when the server deliver it to me, she dropped the top bun from one of them.  She immediately said, "Oops, I'm sorry, I will have them make you a new one.  Ok, off she went with the top from the floor.  A few minutes back, she comes with just a top, hmmm, how do I know it is not the same one.  I said, no thank you, it's ok, I don't need to have 3 sliders anyways.  The next week I got an e-mail from the manager saying that I won a Happy Hour for me and friends, it turns out all of my girlfriends got the same one.  I declined mine, because I wanted to write this review as fair as possibly.  I have been there 4 more times for the HH that my other girlfriends have won.  One of them even gave me a free drink card, but that includes the aforementioned list of drinks.  Again, I gave it back and ordered what I wanted.  They keep complaining about the place every time we go, and I keep telling them, that this is not going to change just because we keep going.  I just go for the company, I  have learned to drink beer just because of places like this.  I am sure this is not the last time I will be there after all I saw some other girlfriends signing up on the list.  I am sure they will be the next winners of the HH.
2	So surprised this place isn't that great. The restaurant is beautiful, the staff were friendly without being in your face, the waiter even comped our dessert because they were out of strawberries. Their outdoor patio is awesome and I can totally see this being a great place to hang. Only problem? Food. Their in house ground burgers have a weird consistency and seemed like they were ground remnants. Their bangers and mash had tasty sausage, but bland potatoes. Worst of all, the creme brule was served ice cold and with a burned top. It would take a food overhaul to bring me back. In short, there's a reason it's empty in there.
4	I have been here 5 times now. Good food but most of the time bad service. Only real complaint was the time the door lady ripped us off. The first a friend won a happy hour party. It was good. The drinks desks are good but good deals could be better. The second time I had won to host a party Saturday night which was free entry for my friends and $3 drink deals again it was a fun night but I had over 25 purple and no waitress was assigned to us, sho the service sucked and most ended up just going to bar cause service was so slow. 3rd time for happy hour drink with my guy. We sat at the bar service good and chicken tenders were yummy. 4th another Saturday night out and the door lady ripped my group off by double charging my guy paid for the him and his friend, ladies free, after we got in his friend made a comment about paying. We told him that we had paid for him went back to the fir lady and she said, "I don't remember, and that no refunds could be given". 5th time for dinner fish and chips delicious and the margarita flatbread was yummy. However the service was great this time.
1	This place stinks. The waitress acted like she had better things to do, blamed her bartender for her incompetence, and our drinks took forever. She thought that by apologizing that would somehow make it better? At least she acknowledged that it did take forever. Compared to a jam-packed Sandbar just across the parking lot, this place was dead. There is no reason that anything should've taken more than 2 minutes to arrive at our table. The food was decent if you like Irish food, but it was a lot of carby, saturated fatty, overpriced junk. We will not be returning. And to echo another reviewer's comment, this place will probably will not be around long. I hate to give bad reviews, but this place deserves one. I'm more than generous when it comes to the great places that we often frequent.
3	I'm still not convinced this newer pub knows what it's doing. I went for the second time on Sunday the 16th and they were all decked out for St. Paddy's Day....but there weren't very many patrons by the time I left at 8:30. While I was there, I imbibed in a Harp lager and an Irish Car Bomb, the latter of which the bartender had to leave to go make inside?! One of the other guys at the bar ordered an Irish coffee and again it meant the barkeep had to leave his station. Kinda odd, I felt, for a location that probably expects the majority of the guests to enjoy the outdoor patio this time of year! I ordered food and was underwhelmed by the flavor and quantity. I will say that back on my first visit I ordered Irish nachos and they were considerably better than the sliders of this trip. May the Luck O' the Irish find McFadden's yet!
3	First time at McFadden's in Desert Ridge. A friend recommended their patio to watch the Kentucky vs. Michigan basketball game.  Their patio is very nice plenty of high tops and picnic tables with umbrellas. There is a huge bar on the patio with TV's all around. They had private cabanas with nice outdoor sofas and flat screens in each one. It was pretty cool. Not sure how much to reserve one of those but I will be looking into it. Service, eh, wasn't the best.  Felt our server could have been more aware of what was needed, napkins, silverware, correct number of plates, refills etc.  My fork did have some food caked on it.  I asked the hostess if there was a entrance/exit on the patio (had to go out to my car and didn't want to go through the restaurant) and she didn't understand me and said yes you can sit out on the patio. I said no I'm already sitting out on the and asked my question again.  She again didn't understand.  Turns out there are entrance/exits in the patio. I asked our server if they made margaritas and she said yes. I asked if they were any good, she said yes they are good.  Tasted the margarita on the rocks with no salt, I forgot to ask for salt.  I have had plenty of margaritas in my life and sorry to say it was not good.  My husband tried it and he said it didn't taste like one.  About 7 minutes later the server came back and asked how our drinks were, I told her I didn't like it and wanted a Sprite.  Not sure what kind of a smile she had on her face if it was a sincere "no problem" or if it was a "damn, lady is annoying and is sending back the margarita" kinda smile.  We ordered the pretzel sticks appetizer and there were 3 with a side of cheese sauce. At this time our friend joined us and the server asked him for his drink order. She came back and brought us two plates, there was 3 of us so I asked her for another plate.  Pretzels were greasy. After a few minutes the server came back to check on us and I asked for napkins.  She brought up napkins with silverware. The pretzel sticks were good but COVERED in salt. It's just like getting a hot pretzel at a concession stand and you have to knock off 90% of the salt.  So, after knocking off 90% of the salt the pretzel was good and the cheese sauce was good including that dry layer of "skin" you get on top when something warm gets cold.  I ordered the caprese salad and it came with pesto, pine nuts and drizzled balsamic glaze 3 slices of mozzarella and 3 slices of tomatoes.  I asked for more balsamic and I got a small cup with about a tablespoon of more glaze.  It was ok. The mozzarella had no taste and the balsamic glaze tasted like sweet grapes.  It would probably taste better with balsamic vinegar instead of glaze and better mozzarella.  My husband had the corned beef ruben. He said it tasted good but not enough meat and it was a bit soggy.  The fries he had were good.  Our friend ordered the club with fries. That club sandwich was enormous!  I will be coming back to try the other menu items that my fellow yelpers liked.  Won't be having the caprese or a margarita.  We were told about Adult Trivia Night on Tuesdays so we will be trying that as well.
4	Went here on a friday night around 12:30-1am. Mostly men here. 5$ cover for guys. Pretty lame for it being dead inside. Male bartender takes my order and asks me if I want a bottle or draft Dos Xx. (Thanks for asking!) And goes to the inside bar to retrieve me and my boyfriend two drafts. Felt kinda bad that he had to go to another bar to get my beer, but it was nice of him to offer in the first place! There were three douchy dudes dancing by themselves at opposite ends of the bar, and it appeared that they were really annoying the unknown girls next to them.   This place is set up exactly like sandbar minus the beachy decor. DJ was playing a good dance-hip hop mix. Wish there was a dance floor outside because nobody was inside. No servers approached us,  not sure if they have them. Service at the bar was 100 times better than at sandbar.
2	The atmosphere was upscale, and so were the prices, but they did not have the food or service to back it up.I visited on Easter.  The place was almost deserted and I was waited on by a girl wearing (Playboy?)(Easter?) bunny ears.  If it had worked it would have been funny.  But it did not.  Then, when she seated us and we both ordered non-alcoholic drinks, she proceeded to ask us why, and if we planned to after we ate.  When we said know, she sighed, rolled her eyes, and walked away.They tried to update and elevate standard Irish Pub fare, and failed.  Miserably.  I ordered a Reuben and was presented with a plate of corned beef, mashed potatoes and a salad.  When I mentioned this to my (bunny?) she told me that I was eating the Corned Beef Reuben, and did I want a sandwich?  Apparently, I stumbled across the one place in the world where a Reuben is not, in fact, a sandwich.Because I was hungry and did not have the energy to teach my (bunny?) something she should have already known, \ I began to eat the food I was given (for $2 more than the obscene $14 they wanted to charge for the sandwich I THOUGHT I ordered).  The corned beef had not been trimmed, and was so fatty I could barely stomach it.  I love corned beef, and I know fat comes with the territory, but it should not be 40% fat.When the time came for the check, she dropped it and then stood there LITERALLY TAPPING HER FOOT while we decided which card to use.There's no reason to waste your money here.
2	WORST SERVICE!! I've never had a worst time at a bar! Took ten minutes each time I ordered a drink! Do these people know they are working for tips in the SERVICE industry! The only reason they got 2 stars is the location and that it's next to a better bar you can just walk over to when your tired of giving this place a chance.
2	I want to rate higher but just can't. The food is ok, except the Nachos which are amazing, the service is ok, but the prices (for what you get) are too high. Can't really recommend.
1	White trash all the way! Servers could care less and service is embarrassing ! I'm still waiting for my food and my sons order,
1	Service sucks! Staff is talking to patrons, and having conversations and not observing other customers who need drinks!!! Waited for 20 mins at the bar for drinks! Had to go inside to get one, and even then waited for 5 mins and it wasn't even that busy!Go some where else where bartenders care about serving their customers! Service sucks!
1	The first time we stopped in, this place was barely open and the patio had not been completed and we wrote off the awful service due to the fact that they weren't really ready to open so when her Highness suggested we try them again, I said "Why not"?So allow me to start with the fact that this "Irish Pub" is about as Irish as a pig's arse, so if you're really looking for an Irish experience, go elsewhere. The overly loud, pounding deep bass, hip hop music made it impossible to talk but what the hell, it's a bar.The service was awful but the awful service was poorly delivered by a happy and bright, under trained staff so they do have that going for them ......  I had to wave an empty beer glass at the bar tender to get his attention, but that appeared to be OK by their standards.We ordered a couple of burgers and were surprised that they quality and taste of the grub was pretty darn good so that's an upside right?  The bill for 2 meals and 2 drinks a piece came to about $60 bucks so I didn't think the costs were over the moon but based upon the poor service and noise factor, I won't be going back ....  Try the Skeptical Chymist for a much closer Irish pub experience
2	The food is okay but nothing special, seemed to be really slow for business and almost boring.
4	Cool spot felt like more of a night life type place then a day drinking bar. I visited during the day and found it to be quiet casual and mellow I've heard that it gets busy at night and might come by for a drink or 2 on a Friday or Saturday night.
1	This place is terrible. My boyfriend and I went there during their soft opening and they didn't offer any food. A couple of the bartenders (if you want to call them that) tried to get me to dance on the bar with them. Umm..no thank you. After I refused repeatedly, the terrible wannabe DJ called out over the microphone, "come on blondie, get up there!" I was humiliated and left immediately. This place is like the red headed step child of Desert Ridge. We just pretend that it doesn't exist.
3	The DJ was great on the Saturday night that I visited. His repertoire of music was  very eclectic...oldies, country, R&B, hip-hop, etc. He kept people on the dance floor. The place was packed with mostly 20 to early 30 year olds. It's nothing fancy so don't get all dolled up. Girls were on the dance floor without shoes on. How tacky is that?! (disgusting!) There were many staff members available; however, the girl servers were more interested in dancing then serving. The guys seemed to have many roles, security/bouncers and was frequently seen clearing tables. We had a table, but had to go to the bar for service. The bartenders provided speedy service. Good place to hang at one of the two bars and listen to music.
2	I came here for my first time and never again will I... I sat there for 10 minutes and still no service. Walked out and headed over to Sandbar next door where I know I get good service.
2	Not the best place, but decent. Kind of like a fly over state but as restaurant.
1	I've been there twice now and both times have been nothing special. The first time was the first week they opened and it was horrid. The TVs turned off after the games that night were over, there were no lights other than the random beer signs, and waiting 15 minutes for a drink while sitting at the bar, is def NOT ok. It was pure awkward. So I waited a few months for them to get their act together, but no such luck. I could hardly keep track of my waitress as she disappeared for hours at a timespan our large group was left wondering if we were ever going to get drinks. Just not worth it. Sorry. The one bartender I loved is now gone so I have no reason being there. I'd walk a whole 15 steps to go to sandbar. Honestly.
2	This was our last stop after visiting D&B.  The patio is great with an awesome outside bar.  The inside is just as nice with televisions all over the place.  Given that we went after 11pm the music was cranked and drinks were everywhere.  Security was really nice and I.D.ed our group quick.  The only reason I would give this place 2 out of 5 is because of how dirty the place was.  Every patio table standing or sitting was littered with cups and food.  Nothing was cleaned off for new guests to enjoy.  We ended up at a standing table on the patio and just stacked all the drinks that were left there and took them to the bar to help.  The place wasn't busy at all so I really don't understand why the service staff wasn't able to help tidy the place up.  This place unfortunately reminded me of a movie theater that just let out.. Sticky floors and garbage all over.  Hopefully they will step it up so that newer guests have a spot to hang out and not just stand around..
5	My husband and I just had the most amazing dinner! I had the Black Kale Salad with Chicken-truly fabulous! Hubby had the Shepherd's Pie and said it was the best ever next to mine (he'd better say that!!!!). Our hostess seated us in a great booth and we had a quiet dinner even though the restaurant is large and can handle groups and crowds. Our waitress was on the spot, cheery and efficient without hovering.  Prices are fair, not expensive, but quality is excellent.  I have food issues and was accommodated with no problem.  We will be back ~~ often!
2	We had a gift card so came here for dinner.  We ordered chicken fingers for an appetizer.  They had very thin breading which I like but the ranch dipping sauce was very watery.  For main courses we had fish and chips and a burger with sauteed mushrooms and havarti cheese.  The burger was good.  The fries that come with the fish were seasoned wedge fries and were fantastic.  The fries that came with the burger were thin and overly salty.  I wish I had been given a choice of fries.  Our waitress was friendly and kept our drinks filled.  We had dessert also - strawberry shortcake.  This was very tasty.Where this place falls short is in the details.  There were multiple lights burned out all across the bar and restaurant.  There was a layer of dust on all of the railings.  There were pieces of tape hanging from the bar and the upper railings in the restaurant - it looks like they had banners hanging up there and just ripped them down, leaving tape and pieces of paper just hanging there.  The restaurant used to be a TGI Fridays and it looks like they did a partial remodel and gave up.  There are holes all over the ceiling - looks like maybe light fixtures were removed and holes were just left behind.  Staff other than our waitress were standing around chatting and eating.  It just gives the impression of sloppiness and a complete lack of care or pride in the restaurant.  I don't think I would go back despite the fact that our waitress was friendly.  The food was ok, but the details just leave a lot to be desired.
1	Not great at all. Service is horrible. It was slow when my husband and I went, still service was slow as well. Only had a appetizer then went next door to Sandbar where I know I get good service each time.
1	This place needs better management, better food quality and better service.  When we walked in there was no one at the hostess station.  After about 5 minutes, and being ignored by the waitress who walked by us twice, we asked the bartender who said we could sit anywhere.  At that point, we should have sat ourselves at another restaurant!  The place was not very clean; we sat at a booth right next to the bar (pretty visible, right?)  Well, it took another 5 minutes to get a menu.  We were not given any water, I ordered a coke which tasted flat. I ordered the grilled chicken sandwich which was fatty and tough. My friend ordered a hamburger which she said was ok.  Our waitress ignored us the entire time we were there except to take our order.  We couldn't even get her attention to give us the check. Maybe she wasn't motivated to deliver it b/c she wasn't expecting much of a tip.Rightfully so!The bathroom smelled as bad as it looked.  Paper on the floor, unflushed toilets....That should be enough info to spoil your appetite and steer you away from this dive.
1	The patio looks really nice from the outside, but the service sucks. You'd be better off going some place else than to waste your money here.
2	This bar is just overpriced food and staff does just enough to wait on you. Bartenders look sloppy, GM walks around in sandals and looks like she should work at Peter Piper pizza instead. As I read some of the other reviews, yes there ranch is completely watered down and I have made comments about it each time we have ordered.(Nothing worse than watered down ranch, how cheap) Been there 3 times and not impressed. Did there party promotion first believe around beginning of year. $1 drafts to try and real you in, caught the USA / Belgium World Cup game and visited again July 16th do to shopping in the area. Went for happy hour and bar was maybe 20% full and  there Happy hour stinks. $4 pints of domestic beer is just not reasonable pricing. Although they have $2 pints all day Tuesday big deal, what about the rest of the week.World Cup day service was ok at best because they were under staffed and didn't expect a full bar. HELLO every sports bar in Arizona was busy every time USA played.Unless they have some type of killer Sunday Football special(Drinks & Food) and update there happy hour to attract more people this bar is doomed. Willing to give it another shot because they're on restaurant.com but I am not expecting much. My recommendation is try another bar or try this one for yourself with a restaurant.com certificate, and that way if you hate it at least $15 off your tab.Wish I had better things to say, but McFaddens should have there act together by now do to have other stores for which they got to practice on.
3	Shepherd's Pie was delicious. Definitely a sports bar theme. Don't take your girlfriend there if she gets jealous over girls in short shorts. Service was decent, not great especially considering the place was not busy.
3	First time I've been to Mcfaddens. Went with a group of 8. We sat outside which was nice because it was starting to rain. The atmosphere was just so-so and not real exciting. The food was no better than average sports bar food. For the price and atmosphere it was a bit of a let down. Not sure if we will go back
2	Came here for the first time on a weeknight, not in a huge hurry to go back. Was one of those "we live nearby, still haven't been there" type of things.  Upon entering, we noticed it was very dark. zero lighting in the entryway, no host to greet or seat us....but one eventually came. Service was okay, no real complaints. Menu was decent...we both had the corned beef dinner and shared a shrimp flat bread.  I've had better, but this was certainly passable.My biggest gripe, I think, is how dingy and depressing it feels. The entire place is virtually all painted black. No character, no calling card...liven this place up!  Lots of potential but they're missin' the boat!
1	went last friday with a friend. bartender was very rude. my friend asked for a black and tan. then he asked her if she knew how to make one. she stopped in her tracks and looked at him and said, you've got to be kidding me. then i asked her if their corned beef was good, and she said, well this is an irish bar, so of course it's good. corned beef was too salty, cabbage was bland, and so were the potatoes. when we asked for the check, we gave her a bogo entree coupon. she looked at us and said, you can't use that now because it's happy hour. i said, well, the entrees are full price and we did have several drinks. she said, i have been in this business for 15 years and that's the way it is. i wish i knew her name, but she is short, with black eyeliner. she was so rude and surely doesn't know about customer service. my friend went into the men's room and he said they had an attendant, shocking. it's a bar, not an upscale hotel. we will never go back. if you want great Irish fare, skeptical chemyst is the place to go, and they know how to treat their customers. AND the black and tan was not made correctly. what she made was a half and half. you can't make a black and tan with Harp beer. so sad that she didn't know that. oh but wait, SHE has been in the business for 15 years, so I guess, this 100% Irish patron doesn't know anything. Get it together McFadden's...you should tell your servers that they are there for the customers, not the other way around.
5	You know what?  The TVs both indoor and patio are awesome, the atmosphere is phenominal, the food is pretty good and the beer selection flows like the McKenzie River...  But the #1 reason that McFadden's gets my 5 stars is because this is Arizona's Proud Alumni Bar for The University of Oregon Ducks.Quack, Quack bitches...  WTD!
1	Ok went there tonight to catch the Mayweather fight, great TV's.,  found a good spot to sit, waitress was attentive so far so good.. Our table ordered food off of a interesting menu Irish ish fair.. However my friend ordered chicken strips, seriously the smallest portion of food I have ever seen even from a kids menu we laughed, the table next to us said they got the same thing and where still hungry! The rest of our food was almost as lame, food quality remained me of a high school cafeteria. No big just wanted to eat and watch the fight, the kicker is as soon as the fight was over, seconds after a DJ from behind the bar comes over the PA trying to pump up the place talking about wait staff drink specials and all sorts of stuff like it was a strip club .., just paid ten dollar cover and not one person in the bar could here the post fight interview ! The music way over the top , other tables around us were not happy almost like the staff was trying to drive the fight crowd out!  Very disappointing experience, bad food worse atmosphere it's a restaurant and bar not a night club LOL!  We will never be back !
3	Food was decent.  Waitress was attentive but had the personality of a doorknob. TV extremely loud
5	I love coming here to catch the Duck games every week!! As the official home of the Desert Ducks, it is the only place I would come to catch a game with other Duck fans. I have tried quite a few things on the menu and everyone has been good! Wings are my favorite at this point. My Fiancee had the chicken club last weekend and loved it as well. Biggest complaint would be the temperature. Always really cold! If that is the worst thing, I guess its not too bad! Go Ducks!!
1	We came here the first week they opened and they were around a 4.5. We went back recently and couldn't even get past the door. The music was way too loud for north phoenix (which tends to have an older crowd, like me) and it was particularly empty so we decided to go to sandbar instead which is still pretty loud but much more mature.
3	Food is awesome service sucks, they need to hire more people. Its not that busy today.  Been waiting 25 min. Had to go to the bar to order my drinks.
4	Was there last night. Great hang out or a place to meet up for drinks, but a little on the pricey side for venting over a long day. Attentive staff. Would go again and try to get there before kitchen closed.
3	It's a cool layout and lots of televisions. They do have a wait staff though they are like Bigfoot. Rarely seen by just a few. Pretty much you have to order at the bar. Even if u are at a table. It's like a fast food joint. Grab a menu as u walk in and when u are ready order at the bar. Food is ok. Not special just average. If the bar ever gets busy and if you have a table, best to just leave.
1	Horrible bland food. Horrible service, but a sweet girl. TVs were waaaay too loud -only 30 people in the huge place, the loud volume was not necessary. Table was dirty. We'll never go back.
2	I was there with a friend a couple of weeks ago. I loved the open air patio and the inherent outstanding people watching but, I have to agree with others here,  most of the servers ignore the customers. We we sitting at the bar. The young male bartender said hi once, then never again even though he was walking back and forth in front of us the whole time. If it weren't for the server from the other side of the bar, we wouldn't have had service. We thought the food was too expensive but the beer selection was good and cold. We had a couple while watching the game but left to go eat as one of the many places surrounding this place.
1	Oh how sad. My family wanted to use our restaurant.com certificate and we're excited to try McFadden's. The menu sounded delish! We ordered a yummy beer, an appetizer,  soup and dinner. We took the suggestions our waitress gave us and ordered the rock shrimp and fish and chips and potato soup. It ALL came out at the same time. Whatever, ee are flexible. We laughed at the rock shrimp which was smaller and actually worse than the popcorn shrimp at your local long John silvers. Really sad and incredibly dissapointing. The fish and chips were sub par. Nothing to get excited about at all. Our bill was not enough to use our coupon so we ordered the caprese salad with heirloom tomatoes togo. It was three slices of normal tomatoes with three slices of cheese. If I were paying full price I would have been extremely angry. Needless to say, the only thing we enjoyed about this place was the laugh we got from the lies on the menu.
1	We decided to take my girlfriend out for a night since she is from out of town. Her ID is horizontal and not vertical and they did not serve her a drink. We asked to speak to the manager and he was completely rude with all of us and not accommodating whatsoever! He acted like he was better than us and talked down to us. Next time we want to go out we are def going to reconsider coming here.
5	We love coming here for the UFC fights. Great, large TV's. Food is good. Really enjoy the wings. Now they have SanTan beer on tap as well, including my favorite Sex Panther. The bar is our favorite sports bar!
2	I have been coming here since this place opened and it never seems busy. The menu is just okay and the drinks are nothing spectacular. However, there always seems to be a really bad smell around the restrooms here. They have no shortage of drink specials but there are more happening places in the area. Unless they fix the smell and do something to draw better crowd, I don't see this place lasting more than another year. :(
1	My girlfriend and I made our 3rd trip here today and we're through with this place. Where do I begin? So many problems. The bartender really tried, but messed up our order and a couple other patrons around us orders as well. Drinks were served in plastic cups because they ran out of glass. Seriously? There was hardly anyone there ! Beer was kept at the inside bar, so the bartender was missing half the time to get beers for others while we waited for him to return. He claimed the chef is from the Phoenician and created the nachos. Velveeta cheese! Are you freaking kidding me? There were half a dozen problems with this place but i won't list them all. The two star rating says more than what this place is worth.
2	While I would still call McFadden's mediocre at best, you can now at least save some money with a Local Dine gift certificate (http://www.localdines.com/phoenix?ref=19485). $30 for $15. It helps make McFadden's a better option.
5	Fantastic place!   Sandwiches and salads are great, and very good beer choices.   Awesome pub food. Not crowded yet because people don't seem to know about it yet. Hot looking servers (can I say that these days?)
4	First time here..with my wife & granddaughter.. Really pleased with the food & service. Burger was cooked to perfection, fries were great, wife's Mac & cheese was very good, granddaughter loved her pizza. Server was prompt & courteous, prices were in line with other places. Plenty of seating areas plus large patio, nice TV's everywhere. Parking is a PITA !! but it's what u would expect on Sat. Night at Desert Ridge. Will definitely return to this restaurant.
3	Stick to the drinks, I don't recommend eating there.  Expensive food that is not worth the money.
1	Closed on 12-31-24
