4	A small group of co-workers and I recently tried Thai Elephant for lunch one day. Wow, what a great find.  We're always looking for places that offer decent to good food at a reasonable price where we can get in and out quickly if need be.  Thai Elephant fit all three of those criteria.Lunch cost about $10 each (that includes tip), so not bad at all, considering the portions were a good size.  When you order, the waitress asks how spicy you want your food...another check for Thai Elephant! I admit I am not a huge fan of super spicy food, so I asked for them to go pretty mild on the spices, and it came out perfectly for me. I ordered the Siamese Basil with chicken and it was delicious. The chicken was cooked very nicely and was still moist, which I prefer (I am not a fan of dry chicken at all). The vegetables and rice sides were good as well...I left perfectly content but not super full.Thai Elephant is really small inside and the tables are practically on top of each other, so if you are claustrophobic or don't want people to potentially overhear your conversation, this isn't the place for you.  Service is fast and we were in and out in about 40 minutes.  Parking is available on the street, although sometimes finding a spot can be a challenge.  Great option for those of us that work downtown and are looking for a new, quick lunch joint.
4	Went here because of the reviews on Yelp,  very good.   Had the green papaya salad, great light taste and a very large portion with a few shrimp on top.   Had two types of curries and both of them were very tasty. I need more of that green papaya salad so I'll go back and try a few different things.
3	There is an elephant in the room at Thai Elephant. That elephant is that it is over rated. After hearing so many great things about it, we had to try it, so we went there for lunch today.We started with the fish cakes, which were some of the best I have had, the six of them were rich and complex in flavor and great sauce.Our main courses were Tom Yum with chicken and the drunken fried rice with tofu. The Tom Yum was good, but had a strange aftertaste and no cilantro. My drunken fried rice was flavorful, but missing bell peppers as the menu had promised. And the rice was steamed rice thrown in with veggies after they were stir fried, so not the consistency of stir fried rice at all.The lunch bill, with an appetizer and two courses was over $30. For that much, I hope to be knocked off my feet. Not to mention so many other Thai places that are better and cheaper.A really cool thing is the versatility of the menu, any course can be had with beef, pork, chicken, tofu or shrimp or seafood.The decor is nice, the staff is welcoming and friendly.Maybe I will give it another chance.
3	I ordered take-out from Thai Elephant tonight and I was thoroughly impressed with a number of aspects:1.  They were open late on a weeknight, particularly a MONDAY, when 98% of downtown looks like 'I Am Legend'.2.  Portions are generous.  I ordered Pad Thai for dinner that will persevere to be my lunch for tomorrow.  An order of egg rolls comes in fives.3.  Prices are reasonable.  I was expecting elevated prices to coincide with downtown rent and Monday convenience.  Chicken Pad Thai was $11 and the egg rolls $5.  Not bad considering that translates to two meals.4.  Use of space is charming.  Classier than an upscale dive like like House of Nanking, but you can wear flip-flops there.  Looks and feels very Feng Shui'd out, dressed in red and walnut.  5.  Location is perfect, not only for my situation, but for other downtown denizens.  Its pretty much at Phoenix's 0,0, where all addresses radiate outward unto the gaping depths of the Valley starting from there. 6.  Most importantly, the food was delicious.  The noodles were moist and heavy while the chicken was light and tender.  I ordered 'medium' spice, but after the dish I was wanting more of a burn.  There was also a shortage of scallions in the dish.  I downed the few present in two small bites.  The veggie egg rolls were tasty, crunchy, and flaky -- almost like a fried spring roll.  I was impressed by the use of pumpkin inside.  The accompanying sweet and sour sauce was much milder that what you typically get beside an eggroll and was a nice pairing.  I cannot think of a reason not to go if you are in the area.
4	A group of co-workers and I set out for Thai Elephant after I had heard about it from someone on Yelp (thank you to that person whose name now escapes me!). I am a huge fan of Thai food, and Thai Elephant was delicious. When we arrived around 12:30, the place was packed. We were seated within maybe 5 minutes of waiting outside, and our orders were taken quickly. I had the Panang with beef (a personal favorite at almost any Thai restaurant), and my friends had the Drunken Noodles, Pad Thai and the Red Curry. We all loved every bite. Another friend who is not a fan of anything spicy opted for some sticky rice and spring rolls. The sticky rice was not what she had expected (it was too sticky for her) and the spring rolls were good, but she had to get an order of 4 which was too many spring rolls for her. With our individual lunches came spring rolls, and they were perfect: thin and crispy outsides with yummy veggies inside. What I loved most about  my Panang was the perfect level of spiciness. I hate when food is too uncomfortably spicy, but I love when my lips tingle. My lips were tingling!The only hiccup in the meal was the bill. When the bill arrived, it was not itemized, so all we saw was the total for all five of us. Typically, we would just split it five ways (PS - gratuity was added for us as a group of five); however, two of the girls had drinks and one just had the sticky rice and spring rolls. When we asked the waitress how much just the drinks or just the sticky rice or spring rolls were, she had no idea. She left the table and went to find out. None of these items were printed in the menu, so it was a little odd. Turns out the spring rolls were $5 and the sticky rice was maybe $3 and the drink was $2, so the one poor girl who didn't like anything ended up paying the same amount the rest of us did (and we were all full and happy). I look forward to returning to Thai Elephant, for lunch or even dinner.
5	I was in Phoenix a few weeks ago on a business trip. Lucky me, Thai Elephant was right across the street from my hotel! This is a tiny little joint, maybe 20 tables. The menu is like a book, there is so much to choose from, rice dishes, noodle dishes, soups, appetizers. My coworker and I settled on a red curry dish with chicken and I had a sweet & sour dish (yeah, it sounds trite, but I was in the mood and it was so delicious!) We had tons of leftovers, which we shared with a homey down the street, I hope he enjoyed it. Highly recommended, and if I'm ever back in town, I will visit again.
4	My husband and I were meandering about downtown prior to going to the Dodge Theatre and we happened upon Thai Elephant. The interior is small and cozy with a relaxing decor.We sat down to an extensive menu filled with rice, noodles, soups and curries and we both decided upon curry for the evening. I chose a yellow and my husband chose red. They were BOTH incredibly delicious.The curries were a perfect mix of salty, spicy, sweet and sour and the texture of the curry was so smooth and velvety. My only complaint is upon asking for spicy we didn't find the dish spicy at all but some red chili flakes took care of that problem.I had Thai Coffee and my husband had Thai Iced Tea, both of which were very good.The women's restroom was not only clean but the decor was nice as well.We will be downtown soon and we will be going to this restaurant! Highly recommended.
3	While my experience at Thai Elephant wasn't terrible, I have to say that after reading all of the glowing reviews, I was disappointed by the food and service. We went last night for dinner and it was packed - there was a Dbacks game, but it had already started by the time we arrived, so I'm not sure why it was so crowded. Strangely enough, even though every one of the 12 or so tables in the restaurant was occupied, there was only one server. I really can't stand when family-owned restaurants skimp on the number of servers (possibly to avoid paying another employee); it really makes the dining experience less enjoyable and even a little bit stressful. If the food were superb (like my favorite Thai place in Fremont, CA where the service is spread really thin but the outstanding food makes it worth it), we might have been less irritable, but it was really frustrating to wait 15 minutes to order and 5-10 just to flag the server down again with a simple request (e.g., asking for more water) when we didn't fall all over ourselves for the food. For our entrees, we had the red curry with chicken and the drunken noodles with beef. The curry was ok, but it had way too much coconut milk flavor and not nearly enough of the other important curry flavors (tamarind, fish sauce, curry paste, garlic). It was also not as spicy as we ordered it, but this seems to be a common complaint. The drunken noodles were also just average. They were really under-seasoned and just tasted like thin rice noodles with a light chicken sauce. There was no kick or hint of signature Thai flavors. All this being said, the meat in both dishes was good quality, which cannot be said about the meat at the restaurant's counterpart, Thai Basil (at least at the Ahwatukee location we went to). Also, the dessert we had - black sticky rice with pumpkin custard - was phenomenal. It was savory and sweet at the same time, a flavor  combination that, in my opinion,  defines Thai food and was unfortunately not present in our entrees. I still plan to come back to Thai Elephant and try some other entrees; I'm willing to give it another chance. If it doesn't end up being a great spot for dinner, it still might prove a great lunch place for standard Thai food at good prices.
4	Working downtown leads me to many hits and misses for lunch.  Thai Elephant was a definitie HIT.The place is small and cramped but the food service is quick and tasty.  When you have limited time that is really all I ask for. All meals are served with a small cup of soup, crispy egg roll and a cup of rice.... you basically pick some sort of vegitable (they ask how spicy you would like it) and add either: chicken, beef, tofu, shrimp or seafood. Meals range between $7-$9.I am looking forward to going back again!
4	If you find yourself downtown and in the mood for Thai this place is great.  Small and cozy (although not much ambiance) it offers friendly service, good food and relatively cheap prices.  It is walking distance from downtown hotels, on the dash line and if you ever work on the weekends like I do, one of the few places that is open Sunday night for dinner.   Plus, its super friendly to solo dinners with its single TV that seems to always have on a romantic comedy to giggle at while dinning alone.
5	I've been back to Thai Elephant two times since my first review, and I love this place even more! Part of my glee has to do with parking (twice in 2 weeks I got a metered spot across the street WITH TIME still left on the meter), but the food is also very very good.
4	was craving Thai food and while my options are now abundant i figured i would check out Thai Elephant. heck it's not that far off the Dash line and the dash circles around my 'hood now so why not.dinner for 2 reasonably priced and HOLY BASIL it was good. OK lame jokes aside. the food was very good. portions are enough to feed you twice and the flavors are off the charts. we split an order of Pad Z U, Pad (something i forgot) the Satay Chicken skewers and the vegetable rolls.the tamarind dipping sauce for the satay...excellent. the Pad ZU excellent. slightly sweet and decently spicy (i got medium)  the dipping sauce for the vegetable rolls was a sweet peanut sauce. very tasty. the other pad dish was excellent as well. wish i could remember its name.pricing is affordable. considering the portions it's perfect.the dining area is quaint and very comfortable. but if you have more then 5 people it might be hard to get seating if the place is busy.check it out, thumbs up.
5	Had dinner here with a dining group a few weeks back.  Had the green curry with chicken and it is one of the BEST green curries I've ever tasted!!  I cannot wait to return here and try the other dishes.  The parking situation leaves a lot to be desired, however.  I'm not much of a fan of metered parking...
2	I've been thrown out of better places than this.I just came back from what was a farewell lunch for a co-worker. The food was okay, and as usual at lunch, it was crowded.However, we were very much surprised when immediately after they collected our check, we were unceremoniously told to leave.I could understand if we had been sitting there for a while, but that wasn't the case. We still had our drinks to finish, and would have left within a minute or two - it is lunchtime, we all had desks to go back to.Good thing we were not aiming for a leisurely lunch.The food is as I said, okay. But not worth the service, and definite not worth waiting for.
1	I've now tried Thai Elephant three times.  My first two experiences were solidly mediocre -- nothing was awful, but aside from one delicious dessert (black sticky rice with pumpkin custard), nothing stood out, either.  As a recent Bay Area transplant, I admit to being a bit picky, but in my 6 months in Phoenix, I've found several places that more than satisfy my rather frequent Thai cravings (Swadee in Chandler, Thai Lahna in Arcadia, Sala Thai in North Phoenix, and, in a pinch, Thai Hut in Central Phoenix).  Until now, Thai Elephant hadn't really done it for me, but since the restaurant is literally 40 feet from my office and since other Yelpers seem to have had positive experiences, I was reluctant to give up on Thai Elephant without giving it another chance.On Friday, looking forward to a relaxing night at home, I called in an order for Pad Thai with chicken, Panang Curry with beef (extra spicy), and Spicy Eggplant with tofu (spicy, which I thought would be automatic given the name, but apparently wasn't).  I got home, meted out ridiculously oversized portions of the three entrees, and sat down to enjoy my feast.Wow.  I don't know quite where to begin, but to say that I was disappointed doesn't begin to cover it.  The Pad Thai was about on par with the Taste of Thai boxed dinners you can pick up at the grocery store, only less flavorful; marginal at best, but edible.  The chicken didn't stand out as being of particularly low quality, but the noodles were some of the worst I've had at a Thai restaurant (some bites were underdone to the point of being crunchy, while others were seriously soggy).Sadly, the sub-par Pad Thai was the high point of the meal by a wide margin.  The Spicy Eggplant was a bland stir fry of soggy, overcooked vegetables and limp tofu.  The tofu appeared to have been fried as a large block and then sliced, and a few small pieces of eggplant were thrown in for good measure.  The Panang Curry with beef was even worse.  Though I ordered the dish "spicy," the curry tasted like straight coconut milk with a few drops of red food coloring thrown in.  The beef was the last straw for me; it very may well have been the worst quality, most gristly meat I've had at any restaurant I've ever been to.  I tried several pieces, and all were similarly inedible.I really, really want to like Thai Elephant, but after the experience I had, I don't know if I can bring myself to give it another chance -- especially since I've found so many other good Thai restaurants in the Valley and since the second-worst Thai meal I've had since moving here was at Thai Elephant's sister restaurant, Thai Basil in Ahwatukee.
5	Holy Elephant Balls, Buddha! This place is incurrydible!!! Okay, okay I'll stop.So my wife and I decided to hook up for lunch.  She works downtown so I decided to head down that way and pick her up.  I suggested Thai Elephant because I had never been, and she raved about the Pad Thai she had ordered a couple weeks ago.  It's located on Adams just West of Central Ave., and parking is scarce.  Make sure to have some change for the meter!I knew I was at home when I saw the "People Love Us On Yelp" sticker on their door.  It was about 1 pm so the lunch crowd wasn't in FULL effect.  There were about 10 empty tables in which we had our pick. We sat by the window.  My wife ordered the Drunken Noodles with Chicken (a la medium), and I ordered the Green Curry with Chicken (a la medium).  A round of Thai Tea was also added to the bill.  Our food came out in about 4 minutes, which came as a shocker! Yes, I said shocker... I was pleasantly surprised!The moment I slammed my chompers onto the emerald dripping chicken, I became green with envy. Envious of all the people who have eaten here in the past and had such a precious secret hidden up their sleeves.  I sniffled a bit, but not from emotion.  It was the green curry and its beautiful spices stroking my mucus glands in just the right way.  A bit of rice and a sip of the Thai Tea (I'll get into in a second) and I was right back on track.The Thai Tea. Ooohhhh, the Thai Tea!  It was $2.50 and twice as large as the ones I order from The Street.  It was like being chosen by Ganghis Khan to sit alongside him in Xanadu and drink the Milk of Paradise (Rush Reference).  It was sweet, as you would expect paradise to be, and creamy. I began to float out of my chair and harpies wiped my nose as I sipped the golden brown goblet of goodness.Service was SpectacularFood was FabulousPortions were PhenomenalDare I say it? 5 Big Ones, Mr. Elephant... and I shall return!
5	Curry...curry...curry. Hooray for curry!  I love coconuts and I love curry.  What a winning combination.  I think I must have had every combination of the massaman.  Chicken, pork, shrimp...  Just as soon as the plate is in front of me I immediately go to town on the sauce strictly because 1) I like it but more importantly 2) bring the liquid level down a notch just enough to dump some of the rice in it.  Then as soon as the rice absorbs the sauce I stir it up a bit and then I get down to business.  Once that's done I attack the eggroll...never touching it until the very end.  It is a ritual I hold dearly to my heart and I will not forsake it.  I usually go for medium spice, since I am not that much of a macho man even though at first glance I may appear like a cage fighter...Kidding, but yeah I am a wussy if it is too hot.  I have sadly walked away from meals before because it was too spicy.Every visit has been excellent; don't know what else I can say.  I have tried the pad thai among other dishes, but the curry keeps pulling me back.  Why can't I quit you?Oh yea...the parking situation "it blows" because it is downtown and on another note I would suggest to get there before 11:30 or after 1:00 to avoid the long wait times.  When I worked downtown I would hit this place right around 11:15 AM.  No waiting!I have tried a few other places, particularly one in Gilbert and it does not come close.  Totally crushed me!
4	Impressive dinner tonight!  However, it was a packed house, and it took over an hour for my Panang Curry to arrive.  While I was a part of a large group of about 14, our particular group had 6 people.  One tablemate's entree (Ginger veggie stir-fry?) arrived at least 20 minutes before the second tablemate saw hers (Yellow Curry).  It was at least another ten minutes before the third tablemate saw his, and so on...  I was able to sample my neighbors' dishes of Spicy Catfish (battered and fried catfish topped w/ bell peppers, basil, and spicy red curry sauce) and Swimming Rama w/ pork (topped w/ peanut sauce over steamed veggies).  All three were AMAZING!  I'll definitely order the Rama and the catfish next time!!!Didi, our server, moved quickly, was efficient, and attentive, and was even helpful in suggesting alternate selections to those who had never had Thai food before.  She even warned tablemate Ericka, who'd only recently discovered peanut butter as an entree ingredient, that she'd either love or hate the Rama.  We were thankful that she rolled the dice and ordered it, anyway.I hope that the kitchen crew can work out the kinks as far as pacing goes-I hope that by next visit I can up the review back to five stars!!Ooh, do try the coconut ice cream w/ embedded grated coconut!  Not as good as Yupha's homemade coconut ice cream, but still  quite delightful :)
5	The best tai in downtown for the price! Masiman is the most tasty dish here!
5	I was skeptical as I stood outside the Elephant reading their menu.  If nothing jumps out at me at a Thai place, I get worried.  I was also in an unbelievably bad mood, and I didn't need it exacerbated by a bad Thai experience.  Thankfully The Elephant came to the rescue.I had the yellow curry and it was a great blend of heat and taste. I was initially annoyed at the lack of rice they gave me with my carryout order, but it turned out to be appropriate for the meal. It really made me want to go back and try the other stuff I hesitated on.I got take out so I can't speak to the lunch experience inside - it did seem quite packed.  But if their service is up to par, I can highly recommend stopping in here for a bit when you're downtown. He who hesitates is lost.
4	I passed by this place several times but never walked in because I usually eat before I head downtown. As most people in Phoenix know, it can be challenging to find an open restaurant  in downtown Phoenix at times. However, one day, I had decided to give it a shot since it was one of the few restaurants open on a Sunday afternoon. The simple fact that it was open on a Sunday afternoon when other surrounding restaurants were closed, is a definite plus!!I frequent Thai restaurants in many cities across the country and Arizona is one of those places that struggles in quality. However, this place is actually quite good in comparison to many of the top Thai restaurants in larger cities. Plus, its price is just right if not a bargain considering the portion they provide. They're able to achieve just the right  taste for their standard fare (pad thai, pad see-eiw, satay, etc.) as well as their pan-asian fare (vermicelli soups, curry, etc.). The service was also very good with attentive, smiling wait staff.I will definitely be back and want to try more of their specials as well as more of their pan-asian items. They are now my downtown weekend spot since the food is great, items are reasonably priced, wait staff is friendly and attentive, and place is actually open!Please keep up the great work Thai Elephant!
4	i would love love love love to explore the down town area...(and i meansouth of roosevelt) if it wasn't so impossible to park.i guess there are plenty of parking lots, that is if you want to spend 10 dollars.sigh.regardless of the poopy parking, the thai elephant is really good.the atmophere is small and authentically decorated. i love the thai hut roof that they positioned over the cash register area.my beau and i split vegi rolls. they were crispy and delicious.he got the pad thai and i got the red curry.RECOMENDATION:if you have any tolerance to thai chili at all, get HOT.i was a pansy and ordered medium...and regretted it.yum yum yummy.
4	Everything we ordered was stellar. Good food at a decent price. We went back twice while we were in town. I would definitely be back again! Thanks yelp for helping me find this place.
3	RAWR.Not really, but the Thai elephant experience will give you a decent experience.To sum a large review that you won't want to read: Thai Elephant dishes offer a powerful flavor, but a small amount for the price.  (I came in here with 20 + people, a gigantic group of students. They charged us a mandatory tip and extra charges for drinks. For my review, I won't be able to say exactly how much the dishes are. All I thought was how small the dishes are.)
3	I want to give this place 3.5 stars because the quality of their food is actually very good -- that should be stated straight away. Good food. My issue with this place, however, is the portions. I came here last week for lunch with some coworkers and ordered the Chicken Panang Curry, which was delicious as previously indicated. However, when the small dish containing my curry was set down before me, I was worried, not only because the dish itself was small, but because I knew immediately that the amount of chicken in the dish would be even smaller. Most of the space in the dish was filled with vegetables, and while the green beens in the dish were great, I was just wishing that there was a bit more chicken to be had.The small-portioned-curry problem is a chronic one with Thai lunch places in my experience, but that doesn't mean I have to accept it lying down, and I won't give 4 stars where I don't think they're due -- give me more chicken, I say!! All in all, I'd probably come back. My coworkers all ordered different versions of the Pad Thai, which appeared to be much more generously portioned...perhaps I should just rethink my order. I love curry so much, though! Oh well, maybe next time I'll try to find a curry that isn't so vegetable-rich. Live and learn, I guess!
2	Just because it's full doesn't make it good. When we first arrived this place as so full we barely had a place to stand. So we thought, "this place must be good." While we waited, a server came over to take our order. Then about ten minutes later we were seated. As the food came out we both had the same reaction. Meh. The soup was flavorless, the pad thai noodles  were undercooked the sauce in the red curry was watery, so much it was nearing bland. Which is unheard of in any Thai restaurant!  I won't be going back
4	I actually really enjoy this place.  The curries are always very good.  The service is a bit lacking, but it's some good eatin' at a decent price.
4	Excellent Thai food- and we have eaten Thai all over the world.  It can compete with authentic Thai that we have eaten in NYC.WE will certainly be back.The Tom Kha soup was excellent here!  We also enjoyed the Red Curry and a delish pad Thai. The place is hip and clean and the service was above par.way to go, Thai elephant!
4	While waiting for Ayesha to have dinner at Thai Elephant, I tried not to let the meth-crack-head who pretended to talk on the pay phone deter me from a great meal.  She had no shoes on and walked up to the pay phone and started talking.  It hadn't been ringing and she didn't dial a number.  I'm a sucker for Touch of Thai's catfish dish, and they had the same one on the menu.  It was good, but the fish was a bit overcooked.  I would have liked a bit more "sauce" as the dish was a bit dry.Service was excellent.  My iced tea was refilled without asking throughout our meal.Of course, spending and evening with Ayesha over spicy food as we both wiped our noses from the heat of curry can't be beat!
4	I visited this restaurant on 9/1/09 at 7pm - my first day on vacation by myself in Phoenix.  It's a cute little restaurant (there's no bar because it's so small).  Note, however, that the only parking available is on the street - which is metered until 8pm.  I didn't have any quarters, but the restaurant staff was very nice about making change for me so I could pay the meter.  The restaurant is also located right next door to the Phoenix Ambassador's office (check it out if you're visiting the area and want to know places to go, eat, etc.) so that is convenient.I was in and out in a little under an hour, and I was taking my time.  The food is very delicious, and well priced.  I ordered garlic chicken and vegetables - very flavorful and a good size for the price (actually it was too much for just me to finish, so I had to take it home - I'm a 5'4 petite female).  One note on the take home containers - they are microwave safe!  They don't have the metal handles, which could be a nice thing for some.Overall, I highly recomment this restaurant if you're in Phoenix.
4	I am very picky about my thai food thanks to years of working in a Thai restaurant.  I have eaten the authentic stuff, the "Canadianized" stuff, the stuff that is actually Chinese food, the MSG filled stuff, the heart-burning stuff, and the stuff that is served to you mild even though you ask for it spicy because you don't look like you could handle it as spicy as you ask for.  Due to all these things, I am very skeptical of any Thai restaurant I come across that I haven't heard anything about.  Seeing how I am in a foriegn city, that pretty much sums up all of them.    I was starving after another afternoon exploring businesses around the Light Rail stops when I decided to head back to my hotel to find a bite to eat.  I got off a stop early at "Downtown" a block away from Adam's street and decided to take a stroll hoping to find a hidden gem.  I found the Thai Elephant, a small restaurant and the only one open on this part of Adam's street past 2:30pm.  I glanced their menu briefly outside, hesitated, weighed my options, thought of a possible MSG induced coma afterwards, and decided to take my chances.     The restaurant itself is small but clean with red napkins and optional chopsticks as well as a tv in the corner.  I am not usually a fan of tvs in restaurants, however I have really come to appreciate them as I dined alone all week!  Even if it was playing ESPN.  I sat down and browsed the menu and decided to go with Pad Thai. extra spicy, with chicken (usually a large portion for a very good price) and a Singha.  The Singha was brought quickly and was perfect after a hot hot hot afternoon of wandering around.        The Pad Thai arrived quickly enough and I was thrilled to see loads of chicken and tofu amongst a decent sized portion of glass noddles, all gleeming with red sauce and chilis all over them with a bright toss of cilantro on top.  I opted for the optional chopsticks and dove right in.  To my pleasure and surprise, they delivered the dish spicy just as I had asked.  The sauce was nicely balanced, not too sweet or overwhelming, and each bite of delicious noodles was complimented with egg, tofu or chicken.  I ate about half the dish and got the rest to go.  Total bill: 15.05 plus tip.    I walked back to my hotel and waited for the MSG coma to hit.  Thankfully, I can say that I am pretty sure they don't use any as I didn't swell, get heartburn, feel the need to pass out or consume a dangerous amount of liquids.      If I am in the Phoenix area again I will be stopping in on this place!
1	I wouldn't even give this place one star.  I was walking downtown with some friends and happened to see Thai Elephant (whose Tempe location is fairly good), so I convinced one to go in and split a dish with me.  It costs two dollars to split a plate, which is fine, except they didn't even give us an extra plate and seemed angry that we were sharing (also, didn't seem very college-student friendly in general). The waitress just plopped the dish down and walked away.  There were very few waiters working a packed lunch crowd, and this meant the waitress gave us the check immediately after giving us the food, and then someone else came and took it before I even had time to ask for a box.  I'm not too upset that I didn't get a box; the food was as awful as the service.  We ordered the drunken noodles with tofu, and it came with thin pad-thai noodles instead of the wide rice noodles--seems like they were being lazy in the kitchen.  Save your money and support better restaurants downtown.
3	Scale of 1-10 (single visit):7 Food9 Service6 Atmosphere7 ValueStandard Atmosphere deduction for the television atrociously breaking up what would otherwise have been a nice quaint place.  The dessert (Thairamisu) was excellent and unique.  The Massaman was really good, it just had too much chicken and not enough vegetables.  I know I read other reviews saying "where was the protein?", but really I expect the protein to accent the dish, not to overwhelm it.  I wanted more veggies.  The green curry was the same, overproteined with not enough veggies, especially bamboo, but its flavor also wasn't quite as good as some other Thai places I've been to (Swaddees & Yupha).  The Thai Veggie rolls were greatness.The location is super though, so I expect that if I ever succeed in moving downtown, i'll eat here fairly frequently.  Unlike most other reviews on here, my portions were large.  Maybe they did lunch, b/c I went for dinner.
4	I stayed at the Wyndham hotel and this restaurant was within walking distance. It is also the only Asian restaurant I actually wanted to try here in Phoenix. I ordered the Drunken noodles and I must say I was pleasantly surprised at how delicious it was! I choose medium spicy and it came out just right. The portion size is huge and they weren't stingy about the vegetables or meat. My only complaint is that the meat tasted a bit overdone but overall I really like this place!
4	Though I do give the nod to Thai Hut over Thai Elephant, Thai Elephant does have a wider selection of dishes, and they can customize the amount of spice you like to take it from bland to lip scolding! I prefer somewhere in the middle myself.I've sampled many of the dishes here with the Elephant Garlic w/Tofu being my favorite. The Heaven Ginger is also good with Tofu. The interior design is okay, but it is pretty small inside and has many tables and chairs crammed into the box-shaped seating area. No Feng Shui here! Staff are friendly, but I find it ironic that the cooks are generally Mexicans, not Thai. Are Mexicans allowed to cook and work at a Thai restaurant? Of course! But perhaps it would be better to have sort of a mix - not have ALL the cooks Mexicans, and ALL the wait and front desk staff Thai.
4	service - great, fast, nice and consistent. split our check, no prob, knew answers to questions about what goes in their sauces without having to go to the kitchen and ask, and high tailed it when we realized we had to rush out the door to make our show time. also had our table reserved (really, with a sign and everything) and ready to go when we walked in at our reservation time. (take that, wild thaiger)location - right in the heart of downtown. walking distance to phx symphony hall (which was why we chose it as our pre-show dining spot) and nestled among the businesses so i'm sure is hopping come noon.ambiance - intimate and on the casual side but with nice touches like dark wood accents. i would have preferred the flat screen in the corner playing news be off, along with the volume (it was dinner time, after all, not a rushed business lunch) and some music instead, but it was only a mild annoyance.food - i loved my yellow curry. it was sweet and savory and spicy (not hot spicy, but flavorful spicy) and fresh and delicious. portions were huge, and well priced. i wish i could recall the name of the entree my friend got, but it came out with three - yes, three -- chicken breasts! my leftovers were enough for two more meals. a great menu that would fly with kids and less adventurous diners and with thai food appreciators.misc - hours could be longer. i'm sure it brings in more $$ as a lunch spot, but i would come to dinner more often if they were open later. and they close from like 3 to 5. no full bar - beer and wine only.overall: very pleased, wish i had come over a year ago when i first heard about it. oh wait, i tried twice and was twice thwarted by their hours!
2	Went with a group of 8 and had fairly high expectations even though one in the party had been to Phoenix previously and vaguely remembered having a crappy meal here. But, I sided with Yelp and pushed the group on. I wish I hadn't. Around the table, someone ordered the pork chop and found it pretty tasty but that was about as good a thing anyone else could say about their dish. I shared the Pad Thai with the doubter and it was a bland sticky mass of noodles with way too many large blocks of tofu. In short, it sucked. But, it did give me a better appreciation for Thai back home in Houston.Service, on the other hand, was great. Orders came out quickly. And, it was reasonably priced. Just stay away from the Pad Thai.
4	I don't usually like peanut sauce but tried it at Thai elephant and it was great. Nice location near the light rail.
1	this place is awful...out of the 4 chefs, NONE of them were THAI.... strangely enough all the waitresses were Thai???had the spicy thai eggplant and papaya salad..thai papaya salad is supposed to be very tart with a strong taste of lime..i think they forgot this key ingredient... not even a hint of lime flavor although the green papaya was chopped nicely.thai eggplant was ridonkulously BAD.  i had 3 measly pieces of eggplant in my dish.  the rest was overcooked meat and overcooked veggies.  overcooked broccoli is the worst... kind of loses it's nice green color and firm texture.the sauce for the thai eggplant wasn't quite right either, and reminded me of the entree "beef broccoli" from a Chinese restaurant.again, this place was BAD.... phuck phoenix, dude. i'm over it.
5	Ordered drunken noodles with seafood last night--was expecting wide rice noodles, but it came with the rice noodles typical of phad thai.  It was bursting in flavor, though and I enjoyed it thoroughly.Been there once before--can't remember exactly what I ordered, although I think we had spring roll appetizers, a curry dish, and perhaps phad thai.  Loved the food last time.  One of my favorite Thai restaurants in Phoenix.  Plan to try something not so staple next time, like Tiger Crying (had that dish at only 1 other Thai restaurant I've been to & loved it).
4	My roommate and I broke our strict diets today for a Thai craving and we were happy we did!The restaurant was really quiet tonight, as most downtown places usually are on Monday nights, so we got quick, friendly service. I ordered the swimming rama, which was beef in peanut sauce over steamed veggies. Yum! Very tasty, and would definitely order again. Roomie got pad pik sod, which was mixed vegetables and jalepenos with chicken. Watch out this one was spicy but sooo flavorful! He loves spicy food and his eyes were a little glassy through the meal, but by the end we were both members of the clean plate club. Our dining partners got yellow chicken curry and tom yum soup, which looked amazing as well. The atmosphere of the restaurant is open and clean, if a bit sterile. Prices were reasonable about $10-15 for most plates. My entree was definitely enough for me to return, but everyone else's food looked so good too, I might have to try something new next time!..... but for now back to our diets :|
4	I've come here 3 times in the past 3 weeks.  Frist time was with a coworker & we split 3 items.  The pea pods with pork, beef salad and drunken noodle with chicken.  We had enough leftover for both of us to have lunch the next day.  Coworker got the chocolate cake with ice cream and I got the "thai-rimisu".  Chocolate cake & ice cream looked super yummy.  Wish I would have got that instead.  Nothing "thai" about my tiramisu.  :(  2nd & 3rd time here I got the drunken noodles again.  Once with chicken & once with shrimp.  Kinda like phad thai but with tons of veggies.  I could eat this dish once a week.  Got it 3 star & 4 star spicy and would go 5 star next time.  If you are staying downtown Phoenix I highly reccomend this thai restaurant to you.
2	I really liked the massaman curry here but then the food poisoning.... errrr not so much.Great service though!
4	In my opinion this is one of the best Thai restaurants in Phoneix. I frequently get the drunken noodle with chicken and it's always delicious! The portions are big especially for the price. The next day leftovers are even more spicy and delicious. The parking around here is terrible but luckily it's within close walking distance of the light rail.The restaurant is tiny and intimate with not many tables. However, the service is fvery fast (and friendly) so if it's busy you don't have to wait too long for a table.
4	Had a quick dinner here before seeing a show at the Herberger Theater down the street, and I have to say I am glad we stumbled across this place!The service was great (friendly and attentive), and the food delicious.  I stuffed myself much fuller than I should have but couldn't stop eating because it was so good.They customized an order for me because I didn't want bell peppers but wanted eggplant (yes, I'm picky) and wanted their special chili-garlic sauce that I saw on some of their menu items.  The food was awesome.  Spicy and D-lish.Very reasonable prices.  Will definitely be back when we're in downtown.
4	Grabbed a quick bite here with my girl Amanda before hitting up a concert downtown, and the food was so tasty we should have just skipped the concert and stayed at the restaurant! I got the drunken noodle - ordered it mild (I believe you can order mild, medium or hot) and it still had the perfect amount of spice. Amanda got hers with grilled tofu - it was incredibly good! Top that dinner off with a Thai tea and you have yourself a nice little meal!
4	Now, to say this is in my regular rotation is somewhat of a fib.  I don't go here often, I save it for those special "I-really-want-to-treat-myself" lunches.  Maybe when there are co-workers visiting from out of town or when I'm going with a good friend for a sit-down-and-chat lunch, not a grab-and-go lunch.  Although, you can call it in or get take out if you want.This is food that I want to sit down, pay attention, and enjoy.  My favorite is the Panang (Peanut Curry) with Tofu and Veggies, medium or mild, depending on the day.  I like spicy, but I also like to taste my food and try to prevent my nose from running too much.  It comes with the delicious Jasmine Rice, a spring roll, and a small cup of soup to start.  If I'm trying to be good, I save half for the next day.  If not, I could eat the whole thing - easy!Also, it is very hard not to get a Thai Iced Tea while I am here.  I am a huge iced tea fan in general (unsweetened, with lemon), but when there is a beverage as creamy and wonderful as this, my willpower can instantly fall to zero. It is a pretty tight fit with all of the tables in there and it can get a little loud.  However, the servers are nice and they don't linger.  It is amazing how they try to be as speedy as they can so that they can get everyone seated, yet I never feel rushed.  If I want a long, leisurely lunch, I can have that, the difference is that it will be because I decided to, and not because they took to long.Thai Elephant is a winner in my book!After my meal, while walking back to the office, my first thought is always "Wow, that was good!" and then next comes "I wonder when I'll get an excuse to go back . . ."
4	Thai Elephant has made its way onto my  "Special Friday Lunch" rotation -- an honored list of my favorite places for takeout  and get me out of the office lunch spots -- and I couldn't be happier.  A coworker told me about the place, and after trying trying their yellow curry, I was hooked. Now, I'm no connoisseur of curry, but I know what I like and I know what my taste buds like, and this curry was faaan-tastic. I ordered it mild because my taste buds are a tad sensitive, but that didn't take away from the robust flavors. The simple ingredients of the dish melded together beautifully to create a spectacularly savory meal.  And, it was quite the portion for a lunch item.  I had to save half of it, which I was hoping to have for dinner, but accidentally left in the work fridge. I'm already thinking about when I'll order from Thai Elephant again, and maybe the next time I'll venture outside my curry comfort zone to try some other menu items.  But, then again, why deny myself the joy of their curry!
5	I have never eaten in, but gotten to go many times.. I live downtown and this has become one of my favorite spots to get food at! Their lunch specials are a great deal! i have been to Thailand, and this is as close to the real thing as you can get! make sure to get it spicy!! (or if you are daring, the "Thai Spicy", it's much better!)
4	I had a conference in Phoenix and this place was right up the street from my hotel, and boy am I glad it was!  The spring rolls were good, not the best I've ever had, but really tasty.  And my main course was excellent...I had the Drunken Noodle with Shrimp....fresh veggies, nice and spicy (they let you specify your spice level, I had medium) and the shrimp were tender and fresh.Small, affordable wine list by the glass, it was the perfect addition to my meal.  I wish I would have had room for dessert....
5	Great flavor, great service! Wish I lived here so I could visit more often! Try it... You won't be dissapointed!
3	I had the ginger chicken and I really liked it.  It was white meat, loads of flavor and had ginger julienned in with the veggies and sauce.  This was a great lunch.
4	I went again on Friday and YUM!  I got the same ginger chicken and it was just as delicious as before.  I need to venture out and try something else on the menu.
2	The service at this restaurant is an A+. My brother and I were right next to the Lady Gaga Concert that was starting soon, and they reassured our orders were going to be out ASAP and brought it out in the next 5 minutes.We ordered the pad thai and this may be an unfair comparison to the pad thai I had in California but the these noodles were just downright rubbery. I'm not sure why I had to chew on the noodles the same way I chewed on burnt steak. We also ordered the Thai Elephant Platter which came with croquet, fried tofu, mini egg rolls, and 2 chicken satays with sweet soy sauce and peanut sauce. The appetizers were decent and the croquet was good.
5	Wonderful Absolutely Wonderful. I had the Pad Thai w Chicken and Spring Rolls. They bring you complimentary soup which is a lil spicy and good. One Drawback is they have canned soda that they bring you. It gets a little busy during Lunch but they are in Downtown Phoenix. Thats what you expect. Try the Mango Cheesecake. Nice Big Slice at a Decent Price. Will always come back here.
5	My favorite Thai Downtown. Great service and authentic Curries and noodle dishes. The lunch crowd is business like, the event night crowd is 20-40 ish. The Drunken noodle or the yellow curries are the best bets.
4	Don't let the name fool you, not one dish on the menu has elephant in it, and even when you ask they don't have any off the menu. Due to the lack of elephant I went with my new thai usual, Drunken noodles with tofu. (7.95) with soup and a veggie spring roll. The soup was good and very strong from copious amounts of ginger. My noodles were good, but they were the premade style noodle, the wide variety of vegetables and texture of tofu really made this dish shine, I really like the skinny green beans and thai basil.  The springroll was a bit cool and soggy, I think this is what we get for coming a bit late for lunch. The portion size was quite good, making the higher price acceptable.There are a surprising amount of tables inside this small store front, and they can even accommodate larger groups as the many tables of 2 can be become tables for 2 4 6 8 or any number you can appreciate.This is one of the few non chain places for lunch in the heart of down town, and its good too, give it a try, it can even work for a business lunch as it was not too loud and decent inside.
3	Never had been to this place before but thought it was worth a try when a friend wanted to have lunch their.Great little lunch spot. Place was packed, but didn't have a long wait. Had the Sweet & Sour chicken. Nice serving with plenty of veggies, but was a little thin on the chicken.Priced reasonable. $17 for two. Good service.
3	I've eaten a ton of Thai food...no, like a TON of a Thai food, there is a place to get Thai on every corner in Chicago. I have to say, the flavor was very bland. Nothing that made it memorable. The service was great but again, the dishes were just bland.
4	Pleasantly surprised by Thai Elephant - and I love Evan B.'s comment about the lack of elephant on the menu.  It's a small place, so maybe they didn't have room to prep the pachyderm for Elephant with Basil.  But I digress...Came here before a show at the Dodge and we were one of many tables doing the same.  The waitress asked us before we sat down if we were headed to a concert afterwards - gotta love the attentiveness from the get go.The food came out quickly and was prepared well - huge portions of food and tons of veggies in just about everything.  Off topic - I've noticed that in AZ it seems that a lot of the Thai places put mixed veggies in every dish and just change up the carb, protein and sauce.  Not a bad thing per se, but just a little strange.  Case in point, my drunken noodles (usually chow fun noodles, onions, tomatoes and basil) had pad thai noodles with cabbage, carrots, broccoli, green beans and more.  It looked exactly like the plate of pad thai plus veggie mix.  Random, but it was tasty and I wasn't feeling like a snob ;)I asked for my food "Thai Hot" and damn, it was just that.  I'm a bit of a spice queen, and this was the first place I've been where it's been as hot as promised.  Like lip-numbing goodness.  If you don't like it hot, take it easy here.I don't know if I'd take a separate trip here unless I was already downtown, but it was worth a return visit.
4	While I am no Thai expert, I do eat Thai food a lot, and I can speak a little bit, and I'll be going to Thailand in December, so I think it stands to reason that I know what I'm talking about.Thai Elephant is delicious. Tom Kah with Tofu. Drunken Noodles with Tofu. Drunken Fried Rice with Tofu. Yellow Curry with Tofu. Siamese Basil with Tofu. All amazing.I have been to the Tempe location probably 20 times, and I like it better because 1) I don't have to feed the meter like at this downtown location 2) the facilities are a little nicer 3) its bigger and 4) the service is a little better, but overall this location is pretty good.Cob Coon, Ka for reading!
4	It's good.
1	Terrible food and terrible service. Those five words sum it up for me. We arrived with high expectations for this restaurant after reading some of the great reviews. The restaurant was filled to capacity when we arrived. We could tell right away that they were under-staffed as no one came to greet us. I happen to see our reserved table so we promptly sat down. I also grab some menus for us to look at because the waiters seem preoccupied with the other guests. The waiter eventually found his way to our table and we gave him our order.I started off with the house salad. This salad was worse than airplane food salad. I could not believe what I was eating. The salad leaves were warm like they have been sitting in the kitchen since this afternoon. I got my entree which was tofu with fried rice. This fried rice was soo salty and oily. I took a few bites and I could not eat anymore. This is not Thai food as I have come to know it. I ended up eating some of my companion's entree which was green curry chicken because mine was too disgusting. The problem with this restaurant is that the 'chefs' are Mexicans. They don't know Thai food from fast food. The waiter never came by to ask us how we were 'enjoying' the food. To top it off, by the time we were eating our food, half of the restaurant were empty but none of the dirty dishes on the tables got cleared away. It was nasty to sit there eating and looking at all of these empty tables with their half-eaten food and dirty dishes. I would have had a better time and better food at a fast food joint like Chipotle than at this restaurant.
5	Excellent service and great tasty food. Not too many restaurants are able to make their food with the degree of hottest that I demand. However, this restaurant was able to deliver the food as I requested them to be. It is without question that I will return.
1	Not authentic at all. Anyone who's been to Thailand and had street food there will hands down say that this is far from genuine Thai food. 1. Nam tok "beef salad"- since when does salad mean stir-fry? Disgusting. More disgusting? the mite sized insect that I found scampering on a lettuce leaf in the dish. That sucker was fast, I wanted to take a photo for proof! Also poor cuts of meat used (maybe that makes it semi authentic that no piece was left unused?)2. Thai ice tea- actually good3. Sticky rice- it's hard to come by sticky rice not transformed into dessert, so I was impressed when they had it. They microwaved the hell out of it and it was a hot, dehydrated chewy flat rice cake. When I told the waitress that it wasn't very good and that the nam tok  wasn't good and I thought it would be Thai style (which definitely wasn't that!!!) she said "oooh sorry!" and that's it. No consolation prize.I assume they're doing well by the benz that pulled up to drop off groceries, more like "gross-eries"
3	Although you can find better Thai food elsewhere, Thai Elephant has its moments. On a not-so-busy weekday evening, the location is nice. A loud diner 5 tables down was raving about his meal, and I believe he called a friend to join him late into his meal. That says something.The best part, however, was the eggplant in my green curry -- amazing. If I go back, I'll order something that highlights Thai Elephant eggplant. Mmmmm.
2	It has a cozy dining area that was easily able to seat our party of five. I'm no Thai expert, and the food was decent, but it was unremarkable. I had the beef pad thai (it was a toss-up between that and the green curry) which was greasier than I had anticipated. The service was friendly enough, but not very proactive on the beverage front.
5	I don't know how authentic the food is as "Thai" but I've eaten here about 8 times - and it is always great.  So crowded at lunch you have a hard time getting a seat, but usually low key at dinner.  Very fresh tasting, variable heat, lots of tofu dishes.
2	2/5 thai?see my review for sing high...again my fault for trying to have asian cuisine in phoenix.it was your standard greasy thai fried rice. msg flavor. nuff said.
5	I was in town for a conference and pleasantly surprised with this amazing restaurant. The hotel recommended it so we gave it a try. I ordered the ruby fish curry and since I had the choice of spiciness, I chose Thai hot. It was the best curry I had in my life. The fish was a whole sole filet, lightly fried to perfection and the curry was spicy but extremely flavorful. The atmosphere was relaxed and casual, perfect after a long work day. We had a large party and they were happy to provide separate checks. I also shared an order of veggie spring rolls with a friend and they were crispy and tasty. The portions were decent though I totally could have eaten more if more had been on my plate. I was spooning every last bit of the curry onto my rice even after I finished the fish. If I'm ever in Phoenix again, I would definitely visit Thai Elephant for as many meals as I can.
2	Worst Pad Thai I've ever had. Just horrid. REALLY expensive too. $14. I gave a $2 tip because I ordered it as Take Out. So $16 later for the worst Pad Thai ever. Ugh. Never again. The only reason I'm giving this place two-stars and not one-star is because the service I received was pleasant and accommodating. Also, the decor was lovely.
4	We had to grab a quick dinner before a Sarah Mclachlan concert at the Comerica theater, and decided to walk into here. We had recently eaten at the Tempe location and thought it had been decent, and so were comfortable eating here. The place was crazy busy! I don't know if it was because the people loved the restaurant so much, or if it was because Sarah Mclachlan was about to play live, but every table was filled!. However, in spite of a new customer walking in every 3 minutes, there was hardly any wait for a table and no line forming due to the quick turnover. Even though the serving staff looked incredibly stressed out and understaffed, they managed to remain polite, and really tried to get to you in a timely manner. We did witness the table next to us get served the wrong meat (pork instead of beef?) in her dish, and even though it took about 10 seconds for the waitress to understand there had been a mistake, she whisked it away without any argument, and delivered a fresh plate with beef 5 minutes later. I thought that was nice, although the customer still seemed disgruntled.We ordered the vegetarian spring rolls, which were indeed lightly fried as described in the menu. There were bite sized, light, crunchy, tasty and somehow not greasy. I usually hate fried egg rolls, but I enjoyed these. Next we had the crazy beef salad. What we got seemed more like a korean dish than a thai dish...but that made me like it even more. The beef almost tasted like a kalbi marinade and was gathered to one side while a bed of fresh red lettuce was roughly chopped on the other side. There was a fish saucy dressing served on the side, which I didn't even really use, because I love eating the marinated beef with fresh lettuce korean style. So even though it didn't seem like authentic thai dish to me at all, it was a winner for me. Our entree was the elephant garlic style stir fry with chicken. It was a tasty light black bean sauce heavily flavored with garlic, with lots of veggies. Since I'm married, I don't care what my breath smells like anymore, so I thought it was great! But I would think twice about eating that dish around someone you're trying to impress.For drinks, I had the unsweetened Thai iced tea for the first time, and it was really quite good! Just a hint of sweetness with the Thai tea flavor. Being lactose intolerant, I really didn't want to risk the standard iced tea loaded with condensed milk. This was really a refreshing, healthier alternative. My husband really likes the limeade there...I can't comment on it though because I hate the stuff in general.All in all, I like it there...both Tempe and Phoenix locations. I do want to comment that I tend to avoid curry and noodle dishes as I'm typically disappointed with them at most Thai restaurants, so I can't comment on those...yet.
3	Thai Elephant has been calling my boyfriend's name since we moved downtown, so I finally caved last night. I haven't had Thai food in ages so this was going to be an experience. Unfortunately, prior reviews had said that they were pretty much able to make their whole menu gluten free. False. Only the curry dishes, of which I'm not a fan, and the Pad Thai dish are safe. Everything else has a soy sauce base and they can't just "86 the sauce."The Pad Thai was good and it came out extremely fast. Literally, I blinked and he had it on the table. Note to customers: If you're a spicy-food-junkie the hot will literally burn your esophagus. You'll love it! I ordered medium and my body hurt long afterward. It's mild for me next time.   If you're in a hurry definitely a great place to eat and run! Also, don't skimp on the Thai Iced Tea. You'll be glad you didn't.
4	We eat take out here once a week and I pretty much always get the same thing. Panang curry with tofu and brown rice - spicy. The dinner portion is big enough to save half for lunch the next day or for sharing IMO. Sometimes I get overtaken by the tastiness and grub it all down in one sitting though.I'm so glad they have a downtown location as I really enjoy the Tempe location for lunch.The thai tea here is also quite yummy and could double as desert.
5	This review is for the solo diner on her lunch break.  If you need a quiet place for conversation or a table for 3 or more, this might not be the best place for you.  About once a week I need about 45 minutes and a little bit of curry to get my head straight.  The Thai Elephant is only an elevator ride away from my office and it is tried and true....CONSISTANTLY wonderful in every way.  Though it is always crowded at lunch, there is always a table for one.  The lunch menu isn't too skimpy, but is limited enough to make the choosing easy.  The lunch prices are right.  A full meal including rice, a spring roll and soup WITH  a good tip is less than $12.  With prices like that, how can you afford not to!!I always get the masaman curry.  It haver changes and is delicious every time. The wait staff is prompt and courteous and they always take good care of me. The place is clean and comfortable despite the crowds.Again, I wouldn't come here for a lunch meeting or an office outing.  It is way too small for that.  I do recommend it for take out if you are the type to bring your curry to the offie!!  (Do it!  Your co-workers will LOVE you!  Everyone loves the smell of ethnic food in the work place!!)Thanks Thai Elephant.  See you next week!
5	You never know how good you have it until it is gone, right? Well rest assured Thai Elephant isn't going anywhere, but I didn't realize how good this place is until I was out of town and visited another Thai restaurant. I compared the massaman curry dishes between the two restaurants. Big mistake. It instantly made me homesick for Thai elephant. I go here often during the lunch hour. Arrive early as the line grows quickly out the door. The staff is efficient and friendly, making this a great choice if you are looking for a quick sit-down option over the lunch hour.
3	I was excited to try this place since it is right around the corner from my house, however what a disappointment. First of all it is NOISY.  Granted, it was 6:30 on a Wednesday but still wished for I little more peace.  Great food could have overcome this obstacle, but my drunken noodles were just OK.  Really not much flavor at all and I asked for medium spice.  My GF had the fire steak which was super sizzle on the hot platter, but so bristly it was virtually inedible.  The sauce was good but since she couldn't chew the meat, it was hard to tell.  I might order out from here in a pinch, but for the food i would go to wild thaiger.
3	I try to find the good in everything. I'm here visiting and had a craving for Thai food. This restaurant is right down the street from our hotel and it's one of the few places that are open in the evening in downtown Phoenix.We each ordered the yellow curry with shrimp. It came with an abundant amount of shrimp. A couple of my fellow Chicagoans have given this place a negative review because of it's lack of authenicity. That may be the case, but it's downtown Phoenix. Chicago has about a billion Thai restaurants on Western Avenue alone and they are not all good. I guess my expectations weren't that high going in so I wasn't disappointed.
4	I can always count on having a good meal here.
4	Very yummmy:) We ordered from the lunch menu about 1pm in the afternoon, it was busy so we waited for our table..not long, maybe about 5mins. If we were a smaller party we probably wouldve been seated sooner, alot of seats for 2-4 groups.It is very nice and cozy inside, they were very welcoming and attentive. Our waitress was great and very hospitable. The food and drinks came out very fast, they sure know how to keep up with the hustle and bustle of the downtown lunch rush, so i recommend this place if your in a hurry!The lunch plate is enough for 1-2 people, 5 of us shared 3 plates and left pretty satisfied. They bring out miso soup with water to start, always my favorite. Overall pretty good! The thai tea is always best in the summer!
5	Food was amazing! Service was friendly and quick. We ate the pineapple fried rice with pork (#85) and the pineapple coconut curry and both were excellent. Don't forget the thai iced tea!Oh yeah, prices were reasonable. One entree can easily serve two people or provide good leftovers and ranged from $8-12.
5	This is the best Thai food that I've ever eaten!  I'm a creature of habit so the Chicken Pad Thai is almost all I'll ever order!  Amazing food!  Only thing is I wish it was a larger restaurant cause it gets packed fast!
4	Decent Thai place for lunch in downtown Phoenix. Yellow curry chicken was very good, and a friend, who eats there regularly, had good things to say about the Pad Thai. Not the best Thai I've ever had, but decent nonetheless.  My "Medium" wasn't really that spicy, and my friend said the "spicy" wasn't all that spicy either.
4	My favorite Thai spot in Downtown, mostly because it's such a feel-good story. Thai Elephant was at the forefront of Downtown's dining Renaissance, opening in 2008 and quickly bucking trends and becoming a popular lunch destination that was also open for dinner and on weekends.Today, Downtown is a much bigger player in the Valley's restaurant scene and the newcomers owe a debt of gratitude to eateries like Thai Elephant, Hanny's and District American Kitchen and Wine Bar and the restaurateurs who weren't afraid to do Downtown.The food at Thai Elephant is dependable and cost-friendly (you and a date can get out of there for about 20 bucks before tip).  My favorite dish is Pad Thai but then again I'm not exactly a risk-taker when it comes to Asian fare. I also enjoy the soup that comes with every entree.The only downside is how quickly Thai Elephant tries to turn its tables. It's small and demand is high so it's unlikely the staff will let you enjoy a long post-meal conversation with your lovely. They are mostly friendly with their words but their eyes are usually saying, "You don't have to go home but you can't stay here."Still, it's hard to make a list of the best Downtown restaurants that doesn't include Thai Elephant.
2	I tried the pad thai here since that's what I always get to gauge a Thai restaurant.  The dish was slightly bland, a bit too sweet and not much else.  I did not taste any lime or cilantro, or really anything that reminded me of Pad Thai..  The price is the same as any other Thai restaurant, but I think I'd prefer any other Thai restaurant...
3	Honestly, I like Thai but I'm not a super fan of Thai food and that is odd for me, because I do love every other kind of Asian cuisine. That being said, Thai Elephant was pretty good and definitely worth the visit, especially if you work downtown and want something different from bar food and sandwiches. Well, my work brought me to downtown Phoenix last week, and my colleague and I were sitting in that building across the street where I noticed this place and said to myself "ooo, let's have Thai for lunch" because although I only just "like" Thai, I haven't had it in a while.  The place is pretty small and definitely gets packed during lunch hours. That's OK though, let's get close; let's get to know each other (honey badger don't care). It was my colleague's first time having Thai so I told her to order the chicken Pad Thai because that is the quintessential Thai dish that is served in all Thai restaurants across the country. It is simple, not daunting or adventurous, and is able to be enjoyed by just about everyone. I wanted to try some new Thai so I ordered the Massaman. The food came out very quickly and the wait staff during our entire time there was incredibly attentive. Our drinks must have been filled about four times. My colleague enjoyed everything pretty much equally, although she didn't finish everything. I thought the complimentary soup was too sweet and tangy for my tastes (part of why I only "like" Thai I guess). The fried rolls that came with our meals were kind of bland I thought. They were spiced enough, but there just wasn't anything in them to make my mouth say "ohhh yeah". My entree, the Massaman was pretty good, but again, a little too sweet. It was almost too coconutty (not a word, don't care, honey badger). Overall though, I wasn't disappointed and was glad to take someone out to try something new. I tipped them pretty well simply because their service was so good and the staff was so friendly. Like I said, if you are tired of the typical American fare of burgers and fries, check this place out.
5	Very good service, amazing food.  Dinner entree includes jasmine rice for 9.95 for chicken or tofu.  I had the Siamese Thai with fried Tofu.  This is enough for almost 2 people!!It's over one lb of entree and 1 cup of rice..Amazing service would highly recommend .
5	Love the spicy eggplant! Huge quantities for around $10 a plate. And they give you free soup at lunch. Also, the servers are really sweet. Great service. I love the thai iced tea too.
5	This place was delicious. I was not only impressed with the food, I was impressed with the customer service. Phil was our waiter and he was very attentive and helpful. He also chatted with us which is good. Highly recommended.
5	Glad I stumbled upon this place. There really aren't that many casual, unique restaurants downtown but this one, luckily, happened to catch my eye.Real unassuming front, interior-  typical, gaudy Asian decorations BUT this place is MORE than your standard Thai food.We were allowed to sit anywhere we'd like. Our server was immediately at our table. If anything, we had too much service! (Something I rarely ever complain about!)Everything we ate had such fantastic balance in the flavor palate. It was a joy to taste so much delicious food.I had the glass noodles with shrimp. Amazing.The BF had the Drunken Noodles with chicken prepared spicy (you can request your desired level of spiciness). Since I didn't even get to sample any of his meal before he woofed it down, I'm going to assume he was well-satisfied with the dish.Remember to leave room for dessert. So many Asian restaurants don't really offer dessert options BUT NOT Thai Elephant. They have quite a few delicious sounding sweet indulgences. Next time I go I'm leaving room for dessert!
5	Awesome place!  Never had a dish I did not like.  Staff is friendly and efficient.  Cost is ok.
5	FANTASTIC.  Service?  5 stars.  Friendly, efficient, anticipates needs, gracious.  Food?  5 stars. Delicious, came exactly as ordered, came quickly, portions were big, but we all ate every bite it was so good.  Decent selection of beers, comfortable small space.  I would eat here again and again if I lived in the area, but was just here for work.  I recommend this restaurant highly and without reservation.
5	I've eaten here 3 times now and each and every time I have had a wonderful experience.  The presentations are artful and the food is simply delicious.  The daily lunch crowd adds to the warm and lively atmosphere in this small but comfortable downtown eatery.  I highly recommend it and can't wait to go back again.  I'm still having red curry flashbacks!  Uhm, uhm, uhmmmm.
4	Great Thai food in downtown Phoenix. Who knew? Great, friendly staff, and the owner is really engaged, helping deliver food, water, etc. The waiter recommended an amazing eggplant dish. On future visits, I will definitely try his other top recommended dishes.
5	OUT OF BUSINESS AS OF OCTOBER 28, 2011   :-(  :-(
2	Ok so I have always bragged how I loved Siamese cat all over yelp. Since they were closed today and I saw so many people on yelp claiming this placed was better, I decided to try it. I can only compare the one meal but so far I am perplexed what people are tasting. I got the satay. It's chicken satay compared to Siamese cat Mu Satay (Pork). The cucumber dressing at Elephant did not have one cucumber in it. It had some carrots and onions but not one piece of cucumber. The peanut sauce was not bad but not half as good as Siamese. I got the beef Panang which I was sorely disappointed in. It was way too sweet. I actually gave it away. At Siamese it has a very earthy flavor more than a sweet flavor. The Kafir lime leaf is very pronounced at Siamese which I love. Now, the people who ordered with me loved their meals so perhaps if they all go someday I'll try a noodle dish and compare that but for now. I'm staying loyal to Siamese Cat.
3	Business switched names.  Now Five R Cha Thai.  Will do update review under their new name.
4	Very Tasty. Good spices and super-friendly staff. Good for a conversation or a larger group.
