4	There is another China Mama restaurant in LA. Looks like they just opened a new one here in Las Vegas. The food here are consisted of mainly northern China dim-sums. They have many small dishes of marinated food on the menu. These are great as appetizers. One of my favorite is spicy pig leg. They also have noodles, and homemade dumplings. Their shredded chicken cold noodle is pretty good. Their pork dumpling is also my favorite.So, this is a great place to taste some interesting food you normally won't find elsewhere. The place is nicely decorated and clean. The prices are reasonable, mostly around $5-$6. Because these are small dishes, you probably will be ordering many of them.
4	I've been to this place a few times now and it's been pretty good every time. The beef noodle soup is good.  I also really like the salt water duck, some of the best I've ever had.The portions are a little on the small side, but the quality of the food is good and consistent.  Some of the better Chinese food available in Las Vegas.
1	So I'm new to Vegas, but this has got to be one of the worst Chinese restaurants in this city. They have two menus, one for appetizers and dim sum-like snacks, and the other for entrees. Two stars for our server who was blunt enough to tell us after we were about to order the Mongolian Beef, "Oh, don't order that. It's not very special, and really, only the white people eat that." Okaaay. So we pick something else, and again, "Not that special." If nothing on your menu is special, why should I feel compelled to come back here!? Please, it's not like you work for the DMV - you can at least PRETEND to like your job. A little honesty always wins points, but try to sell your product, too! Minus a a star.He finally recommends some kind of pork that probably could have been topped by the Mongolian Beef because it was some sweet, stringy meat with more carrots than the meat itself.
4	This place may be under new ownership--they had a "Grand Opening" sign out front.  There are two menus (the server gives you both), but I can't for the life of me figure out why.  One menu has most (but not all) of the bao on it, as well as the noodle dishes. I had a terrible time deciding what I wanted to eat, knowing that there is NO WAY I could eat everything I ordered, even if I ordered two smaller items.  Good Chinese food is like that--the flavors make you full before you can get to the sore, bloated stomach stage.  I ended up choosing the cold noodles with shredded chicken and the tofu vegetable soup.  I know--not very inspired, but I knew I wasn't insanely hungry and there is only so much take out I can reasonably drag through three bus transfers to get home.Other things that caught my eye were a lamb hot pot, a bacon dish, various fish slice dishes, dan dan noodles (just had those last week at another place, so I wanted something different), xiao long bao, several dishes with those delicious little sticky rice cake things, cold marinated pork ear (I love it), beef tendon, onion cakes and sticky rice wrapped in banana leaves with red bean inside.Both the noodles and the soup I had were light and fresh, and the flavors were well-balanced.  The noodles also had shredded cucumbers on them, a soy dressing/sauce and peanuts on top.  I tried turning up the heat a bit with pepper oil, but right now I'm so pepper-resistant that I could probably drink sriracha sauce straight from the bottle and not even blink.  The noodles were excellent even though they weren't spicy.  The soup had a light chicken broth, not too greasy, not too spartan, tofu, eggs, spinach, and some fresh, tart tomatoes.The waiter was doing his best to help non-Chinese (I'm not Asian, but you wouldn't know it from what I order) with choices, but I don't think anyone could have helped my "ooh I want this no I want this ooh that sounds good...so does that..." problem.  Very little on the current menu is American-style Chinese food.  Or maybe none, because I always ignore those offerings anyways.  I know I'll have to return.
5	This was some of the best Chinese food I've had, ever. On first visit received two different menus. I took the Weekly's advice and ordered the "juicy pork dumplings:" outstanding! (after the owner showed me how to eat them correctly - there is a process), and the stuffed pork "sandwich." Sooo good. I observed table next door ordered crispy "sticky bread" baguettes which when delivered, server cut into pieces with scissors. Didn't see it on the menus, though. Back for a second time and had the spicy wonton - it was about a 2.75-star spicy, so don't fear, and extremely tasty. Friend had something with the wide noodles - except it wasn't "noodles" - it was NOODLE! (BTW, he asked for the thin noodle and server said, "No, you get wide noodle.") That whole dish was one long noodle! It freaked him out a little (he murmured something about it looking like an intestine), but it was really good - homemade noodle. This second time I went back I asked about where the second menu was, server just waved finger at me and said, "No, one menu today." Not sure what that's about. Perhaps its only on weekends that you receive two menus. I will be going back despite the limited-English/gently forceful servers. The food is REALLY REALLY good.They don't have take out menus. Humph.Visit #3: Took my gramma here for a weekend lunch, and she too kept remarking throughout the meal how great the food was. This time we received 2 menus each and we were able to choose our noodle without resistance from the staff. My Italian nana knows good food and she wanted to order take out before our meal even ended. HAHA.
4	Admittedly from the street this place might look like a gentlemen's club, but once you walk in you'll be hooked by the great food, service, and cleanliness and will come back time and time again. Having lived in Shanghai, I'm incredibly picky with my xiao long bao (steamed juicy buns). China MaMa's juicy buns are, without a doubt, the best in Las Vegas. The skin is delicate and not overly doughy like many other restaurants and the perfect amount of soup inside each bun is flavorful. The owner told us that they grind their own meat rather than purchasing pre-ground meat in order to ensure that only fresh, relatively high-quality meat is used in the buns; you can definitely tell the difference. Other things to try are the Yuxiang Eggplant (which is listed on the typo-filled menu as Eggplant in Garlic Sauce), the Tianjin Buns, and the Scallion pancake. The folks at the table next to ours ordered what's listed on the menu as "Hand Pulled." It's a roti-like bread that looked oily but tasty.In addition to homestyle Chinese food, China MaMa offers BoBa (which I have yet to try) and the cleanest bathroom of any Chinese restaurant I've been to in Vegas. Despite being a bit of a trek from Chinatown, China MaMa definitely deserves a visit.
5	Very clean, especially when compared to other Chinese restaurants.Green onion pancake is the best I've found in Vegas. Extra wide noodles and "cat ear shaped" noodles are very good in noodle soups or as chow mein. I believe both those types of noodles are unique to this restaurant as I have yet to find another restaurant w/ either shaped noodle. I have had a hand cut wide noodle at another establishment, but it is not the same. Beef roll is also quite good, and I have not found that anywhere else either.Price is not quite as cheap as some of the other restaurants in town, but I always put quality over price. Honestly, it's not that much more expensive either.5 stars, because it is the best I've had in town so far. If I find somewhere else that tops this, I would consider re-adjusting to 4 stars.
5	Went for lunch and we were starving. They have a huge menu and at first we were overwhelmed. So we started ordering: combo noodle soup w/ thin noodles, green onion pancake, 2 different pork dumplings, sticky rice w/ red bean. um yea we ordered way too much food, but we wanted more. everything was delicious. the waitresses were all really nice, yet i think every time they came to the table, they expected me to break out in chinese.. ha, not going to happen. and yes i know i look chinese, but i think they were confused every single time. Anyway, i really enjoyed every single bite of my meal and wish i could have taken more bites. man. i'm thinking about those amazing pork dumplings. god.
4	Not all great chinese restaurants are on Spring Mountain !  Of course, China MaMa is just around the corner.I  gauge the heat of a dish by how red the roomie's cheeks get as she eats.  The previous "hot" dishes were from yun nan garden and hot n juicy crawfish.  Well people, there's a new addition to the "heat" list - the fish filet in hot chili sauce from china MaMa - I LOVED THIS DISH !  I'm a lazy american so i get tired of picking fish bones out of my teeth or cracking shells that are covered in sauces that end up on my shirt and if i get another mouth cut from a sharp duck done, i think i'm gonna sue Chairman Mao.  With the filet dish - not a bone in sight just spicy goodness ! Also enjoyed the dumplings, the buns and the noodles  and the green onion pancake ?  DAMN GOOD EATIN' I get a kick when i find a chinese restaurant  that brings a smile to the roomie's face - even if her face is beet red !late lunch for 2 cost $38 but we had enough leftovers to cover dinner.
4	A traditional joint here, I wouldn't come here to order sweet n sour pork or moo goo gai pan....Instead order the Beef noodle soup or any of the many dumplings or special dishes, green onion pancakes, red bean buns, pickled appetizers...I had the Beef noodle soup, tastes like it should, lots o veggie here too, few pieces a bit tough, tender for the most part.  You can generally judge a restaurant by how good the potstickers are, so I tried them.  They should be soft and uniform in color on top, crispy and slightly browned on the bottom.  The inside should be moist and tender, slightly pinkish   ( a sign that it is not overcooked and most likely fresh,not frozen).  As these were.....10 med. sized pieces in an order, ate them all. I like mine extra crispy at the bottom, that's just me.... but you must make the "special" sauce to dip in... red chili paste/oil, vinegar, soy sauce and shazaaaaaam, instant mouth watering.... Next visit:  the dumpling experiment....til next time..... good eating!
4	A second visit, this time with mom, didn't disappoint.  I chose this restaurant over Yun Nan Garden because mom isn't much on spicy food..  The Xiao Long Bao were great, as was the Sher Lihon with Bean Curd Skin.  We had the scallop with golden mushroom soup, too, but that wasn't as great as the other two dishes.  I don't think it was cooked badly or wrong--just not what I expected.  Not that I know exactly what I expected, either.
5	spicy cucumbers, soup dumplings, scallion pancake, special fish -- more sweet n sour but beautifully balanced -- and love that it was boneless.  we were the only white folk in the joint and loved that -- but didn't feel like we were being given the "white folk" treatment...Dinner for 2 (they don't have a liquor license) was $54.  We had enough for 4 easily...
4	We were welcomed by our waitress and seated in a booth.  I had several notes culled from yelp, the chow hound board and the above review, but solicited the waitress' input.  We ended up sharing orders of P28 - green onion pancake, P 23- steamed juicy pork buns, H96 - eggplant in garlic spicy sauce plus rice and tea.  Everything was delicious, but the pork buns were a revelation.
4	Around noon on a typical Sunday afternoon, i would be standing in line with about 20 other people waiting for my number to be called. DMV or Keno you ask? Nope... Waiting for a table for Dim Sum. A friend suggests I try out this new place that serves pretty authentic Shanghai dumplings and cuisine. I Yelp/Google China Mama and off we go.A friend and I promptly arrive around 12:15pm. Its in the same plaza as Cafe Moda and Karaoke Q Studio. We walk through the door to find the place kind of empty. The place easily fits 100+ patrons, but today there were about 20 or so people. Kind of disappointing for a prime time lunch hour, but then again encouraging because there were many Asian people there.We get seated and immediately get served tea. They give us two menus. One for the appetizers and one for more of a regular course entrees. We look over the menu and finally decide on four dishes:Steamed Juicy Pork Bun - Xiao long bao ($7.25). Yum! I love this dish. There is definitely a certain way to eat this. Usually I put it in my soup spoon and break it open with my chopsticks. The broth/juices come oozing out and then I take a big bite. This dish comes with 8 pieces. I would definitely order this dish again.Green Onion Pancake ($4.75). I've always been a big fan of green onions so this would naturally be right up my alley. This dish is also pretty darn good. The pancake is not overly oily but it does leave a slick film on your fingers. Very tasty! I would also definitely order this dish again.Pan Fried Shrimp & Green Nira Pillow ($7.25). The waiter recommended this dish. It was good... Not excellent but good nevertheless. Inside had leeks, chopped up shrimp, and some eggs. I think I'd rather try another dish the next time around.Dry Style Beef Noodle ($6.99). It was a hot day so we opted for the dry style instead of the soup. This was another decent dish. I'd definitely try it with the soup next time.Overall, our bill for the four dishes came out to be $28 for the two of us. Not to bad. I really liked the waiter. He was very helpful in explaining the dishes. I also liked the way he first spoke to us in Mandarin, and then kept speaking to us in Cantonese when he found out we couldn't speak Mandarin. He had a great attitude and that definitely made the whole dining experience better. I would definitely eat here again!Pictures included!
3	Based on the reviews here on Yelp, I went to China Mana on a Sunday, around11:30 am. Only one other patron in the restaurant. She was speaking chinese with the waiter.Since I am on a mission to find excellent xiao long bao in Vegas, i was hoping that this place would do the trick. Alas, I was somewhat disappointed. The xiao long bao did not even come close to the ones I've had at Din Tiau Fung in Taipei, or Nanxiang in Singapore :-(I also did have the port and picked turnip soup which was also average.All in all, an average chinese restaurant.
3	With all the recent craze for China Mama and their famous XLBs, how could I say no?  For our party of three, this is what we got:* P23 Steamed Juicy Pork Bun (8) aka Xiao Lung Bao ($7.25) - The famous XLBs!  At first I thought they seemed a bit expensive, but once I got a look at these buggers I realized they were big ones!  The waiter brings a soy sauce dish with sliced ginger and we poured a bit of the black vinegar to mix with the ginger.  We attempted to pick up each dumpling without breaking them, but it proved fruitless.  Every single one broke as their skin stuck to the paper lining.  No hot juicy goodness inside at all, but rather all over the plate instead!  They were indeed meaty, but that's all they were, just meaty.  I wouldn't say they had a whole lot of taste, and the skins were dried out on top.  I've had better XLBs elsewhere, so they weren't a big winner for me.   * P29 Beef Roll ($6.99) - We had to order this because it was mentioned in the Las Vegas Weekly review and sounded interesting enough.  It's definitely unique and something we've never seen or tasted before, and probably the favorite dish of the night.  It's rolled into a big pinwheel, and pretty good.* H50 Chicken with Pickle Chili Sauce ($13.95) - The allure of 'pickle' was what prompted us to order this dish.  But there was no pickling in sight.  Just a spicy chicken dish with large pieces of red bell peppers.  Good, but not what we were expecting.* H98 Eggplant & Basil Prep. in Hot Pot ($8.95) - Looking for some vegetables, we chose this one.  It came in a pot with a flame going on underneath.  Pretty tasty, but not spectacular.* H108 Stir Fried Shredded Potato ($7.95) - Similar to a dish we've ordered at Yun Nan Garden, but this one lacked some much needed seasoning.Service was good - tea was brought over promptly along with two menus.  The staff speaks English and asked if we needed water.  Leftovers of the chicken and eggplant tasted even better the next day!Overall, I came with high expectations of the XLBs, and it fell short.  The Beef Roll was the big surprise hit though.  The other dishes were good or average, but nothing to have me craving more.  The Husband enjoyed the service here much better than other Chinese restaurants we've encountered in Vegas.
4	Went here for lunch today. It's disappointing they don't have any kind of lunch menu or any option for smaller portions. It's impossible for 2 diners to polish off a full order of the steamed buns + anything else. -1 star for that. Steamed juicy Pork buns were great, but honestly not the best I've ever had or anything. Next time I'll try pan fried!The beef roll was awesome! BBQ typed sliced beef with cliantro rolled up in a yummy pancake. Loved it. On a side note, being the idiot that I am, I assumed the big jar of dark liquid was soy sauce and poured it all over my plate (LOVE soy sauce). Welll it was black vinegar and was repulsive. The soy sauce (actually didn't quite taste like soy...) was in a tiny black bottle. This seemed out of the ordinary to me, but be warned... do NOT make the mistake I did and pour vinegar all over your plate.
5	had to have the beef roll...man oh man -- what a treat.   and finally today, had their bean curd salad (one of my favorites that I saw when leaving the last time) -- and those yummy cucumbers -- so perfect on a hot day...had the best xlbs today (even better than my 1st visit) -- and sorry Blair, but with the dumplings, there's nothing like that fabulous black vinegar...Our darling server treated us to their special homemade jalapeno -- think shishitos roasted or on the robatayaki -- but these are jalapenos instead then sauced and they're to die for... also had their special many flavored peanuts (and bought some to take on the plane later this week to Paris).Also shared the watermelon slush -- so good...not super sweet like a lot of asian frozen drinks can be, just yummy...seriously, what a perfect summer lunch...  It was nice introducing one my least adventurous co-workers to china mama...I don't think he'll go back without me, but he definitely was surprised and delighted...go eat....
4	Its ok. their food is good, it smells good there, and i like it.
4	The XLB isn't the best I've ever had...I still feel like Joe's Shanghai in NYC gets that nod.  But it's the closest I'll get so I'll take it.  We've ordered quite a few things off the menu and all the dishes have be delicious with my favorite being the sliced fish in hot chili sauce which was worth every penny ($14).  I've only gotten stuff for takeout but the seating area seems pretty decent and would consider eating there at some point.
2	We've had China Mama on our list for a few months and finally made it over there last week.  Ordered the Steamed Juicy Pork Buns and Dry Fried Beef Noodles.  (That's 2 dishes if you are counting).Some dumplings arrived and I thought to myself that these do not look like the XLB I was expecting.  However, they were delicious and we enjoyed them.Next arrived the Dry Fried Beef Noodles.  Do not order this.  The "dry fried" refers to the Beef, NOT to the noodles.  Not flavourful and half the beef was dry-fried fat, not meat.  (Do you not SEE that you are serving a chunk of fat?)Next, a different waitperson stops at the table with another dish.  (wtf? 3 dishes?).  I told her we only ordered 2 dishes and that they had made a mistake.  A few minutes later, the manager (older, matriarchal lady) comes to the table to explain that they had served the first set of dumplings in error and that the second plate of dumplings was the correct order.  I told her we had enough food, but if they were going to waste, we would eat them.  She countered by assuring me that it was not too much food (for 2 people) and she set the dumplings down.  (This is a cultural thing, I think, and I didn't take it as her being pushy)The XLB were, by this time, luke-warm and, while edible, they were not anything I'd go out of my way for.  The first set of dumplings (the Shanghai pan-fried dumplings) were excellent and flavourful and they are the reason I gave CM 2 stars.When the check arrived, I was shocked to see the Manager had CHARGED us for both sets of dumplings - the ones we ordered and the ones we had not.  Outrageous.  I'm kicking myself for paying the full amount as I would usually set the matter straight, but I guess I was a little shocked by the ballsyness of this place. This entire experience left such a bad taste in my mouth that I won't be back.
4	Great authentic Northern food. This is more of a 4.5. I only took a half point out because the beef noodle soup could've been tastier. But definitely try the beef roll and the xiaolongbao.
4	It's hard to find good Taiwanese food in Vegas. My roomate suggested this place so we all went to try it. He said they have good beef noodle soup but I wanted to try other things. They even have dao shao noodles, the one they slice thick with a knife from a big block. We tried the pork with preserved vegetables noodle soup, the pork chop rice, the shao long bao and bao ze. It was all pretty good and they have another menu for more traditional Chinese dishes, but I would definitely come back here to try more of the Taiwanese dishes.
3	Not bad!  The famous Xiao Lung Bao is worth its reputation, or at least it was when I went.  The filling was good, the burst of hot broth inside makes for a cool novelty, and the fresh ginger on the side makes it even better.  I also ate the pan-friend Shanghai dumplings, which had a nice green onion flavor along with the cripsy-fried dough taste.  They didn't blow my mind, but they were fine.  I wouldn't drive across town for them.  I ate the spicy pig ear appetizer, which offers something fairly unusual for a nice price of less than $5.  It's a heaping dish of cold slices of stir-friend pig ear, which has a crunch reminiscent of tripe, drenched in chili oil and (I think) sesame oil.  It was fun to eat pig ear, but the flavor was a little boring.  I think a better quality of chili oil could make the difference.  Last and least, I ate the salt-and-pepper squid, which came deep-fried in fluffy tempura-like batter.  It had salt all right, but I'm not sure if there was any pepper.  It also had some fried garlic and green onion.  It was kind of boring too, but at least the squid was nice and tender and not hard to chew.  Everything was fine here and the staff was nice, so there's nothing really bad to say about it.  It just didn't rock me.  I saw some people getting huge dishes of Kung-Pao chicken and other whitey treats, so I know that they give you your money's worth.  If you go here, I'd recommend that you bring a friend and get a few smaller dishes (dumplings, etc) instead of full-on entrees.  Also try to make sure you don't get too many dishes that rely on green onion for flavor, because the China Mama seems pretty crazy about green onion and you don't want to end up having a private green onion festival at your table.
4	Excellent selection, high quality food. Blows XO out of the water, in my opinion.I haven't seen a chinese food menu in vegas that was more extensive than this.Among a bunch of us, we had the spicy pig ear, a lamb noodle dish that was ridiculously spicy, sesame chicken, kung pao chicken, beef with broccoli, potstickers... was a chinese food feast. Delicious!Highly recommended.
5	They had just been written up in up and awarded in the NPR magazine and were rightly proud. They had been busy and were out of the juicy pork dumplings and green onion pancakes but we were still wildly impressed with the kung pao chicken, sesame pancake and beef noodle soup. My dining companion thought the soup looked "scary" but still loved it! Can't wait to go back. Why Scary? Dark and rich and concentrated with super tender beef slices and fresh green leaves that really looked like no other soup I have seen in Las Vegas chinese restaurants. Charlie was really a great waiter too.no Amex accepted
2	Giving it 2 stars on quality for the second time around. We ordered beef and broccoli, sesame chicken, pot stickers. The potstickers weren't fully cooked, the beef and broccoli was bland, and the sesame chicken was slimier than usual.It just didn't have much taste at all. The selection of food is fantastic. The first time, the quality was much better. I'll try it ONE more time, and hopefully third time is a charm.
4	Our hiking group had lunch here on 19 November 2009 to celebrate one of our member's birthday. We had 2 orders of beef rolls, one of the green onion pancakes, 2 orders of XLB, some sizzling seafood over crispy rice, Mongolian beef, crispy stir fried beef, and an order of extra spicy stir fried chicken. There were 8 of us. The birthday girl was the only one who had been there before.The only disappointment were the green onion pancakes. They were quite bland, and I looked for salt. No luck.They made an impromptu dessert for the group of deep fried buns with white sugar and a bit of chocolate sauce as a birthday gift for our friend. I will be back with my wife. I was very impressed with the service and the XLB. I want to try some of their other things.
4	Christmas Day, the young man was craving some cong you bing (scallion pancakes) and I had read about China Mama on here. I was pretty certain they'd be open, but just to make sure I called beforehand. I tried starting at 10am but no answer.... closer to 11am they answered and indeed were open -- at 11am!We headed over there, got seated, looked at a menu and our server, a Shanghainese man, seemed quite pleased to speak my home dialect with me.They don't have salty soy milk and if you want sweet soy milk, you can add the sugar yourself. What they bring to you is a bowl of plain soy milk -- which was fine by us because we added some vinegar and soy to it and it sufficed. Not the best, but it worked.The XLB arrived right after the soymilk and immediately, I knew they wouldn't be very good. A few had pierced through so all the juicy liquid had oozed out. I picked up an XLB and put the thing in my mouth after dipping it into vinegar -- hmmmm --- the piece of meat was too dense -- definitely not good enough for me to come back just for these, but what followed turned out to be a really wonderful surprise.Potstickers arrived and after biting into one I was completely sold! These were some of the most perfect potstickers I've ever had -- crispy on the bottom and still succulent everywhere else. the wrapper wasn't too thick and the filling not too small -- it was pretty damn good!Sheng jian bao (don't know what they are called in English) are these little buns which contain pork. I've not had anything this perfect in the US. The bottom was crispy and the top had the perfect pillowy softness of the bao. Most places I've had these at would steam the bun first and then fry the buns when you order. This is the wrong way to cook these. The name 'sheng jian bao' literally means pan frying the bun from its raw format. What they do is, they fry the raw bun in a pan, add liquid, close the lid to 'steam' the bun as it cooks the filling and the top part of the bun, remove lid and wait until the bottom is dry, remove and serve. And how do I know that these were done the correct way? Well, there is a certain crust that forms on the bottom and around the bun and these ones had it. The other sign is that the bun part is like a pillow when you bite into them, not hard and dense like those you might find at dim sum where they steam the buns and then pan fry them.Definitely some of the best sheng jian baos ever!Cong you bing -- was okay, wasn't the best I've ever had, a little too greasy, but they used enough scallions so it was a plus.I saw another table had the beef roll and couldn't resist but order some. This was another dish which is done to perfection here! They are generous with the five spiced beef filling and the condiments like cilantro is ample but not too much or too little. The sweet sauce they drizzle into it is also not overtly sweet and so, enhances the flavors without making it sickly sweet.Definitely some really above average Chinese/Taiwanese breakfast foods I've tasted! This will stay on my list of places to return to whenever we're in town!4.5 stars!
3	We revisited this restaurant for dinner and shared orders of shrimp with special hot chili sauce and chicken prepared with three special sauce and basil.  The shrimp were served with the heads, but the biggest problem was they were mealy most likely from being refrozen.  We fared better with the chicken dish.
5	I live in New York, where we have three spectacular Chinatowns, and this restaurant is truly my favorite Chinese restaurant in the country!  I come to Vegas about twice a year, and this is the only restaurant that I make a point of coming to without fail every single trip.My favorite dish on the menu is the sliced fish in hot chili sauce.  I ask them to add beef to the dish, which they do so nonchalantly, as if every other person makes the same request.  It's so spicy I'm usually the only one at the table who'll eat it, and even I can barely take it, but it's one of my favorite dishes.  In any restaurant.  Anywhere.The beef noodle soup and beef rolls are my other faves and I try to order them as often as possible.One note:  I happen to hate cilantro.  If anyone out there is like me, be sure to tell your waiter, because they put it on EVERYTHING, including the three dishes I mentioned above.  Once in a while I forget to tell the waiter not to put it in, and I spend about 10 minutes picking it out.
4	4 stars for vegas standards, 3 stars compared to the bay...but china mama's is still a cute little place we found off strip while on an epic hangover quest. beef noodle soup did just the trick. thick noodles, fatty braised beef, and a good broth base, i was back on my feet in no time. they have northern china styled foods in general. xiao long bao were a bit of a surprise. a little lacking on the soup but it had a pretty good skin that wasn't overly chewy or doughy. green onion pancakes and dou jiang (hot soy milk) were average. all in all, this place was pretty good. if i lived in vegas, i'd probably eat here again.
4	Ordered several of the dishes for dinner. Despite my communication hiccups with the wait staff the dishes that try brought out were phenomenal. If you like spicy food then get the fried rice cake with chili. The Mongolian beef was sweet but pretty good. All the other dishes were authentic but keep in mind the portions are large so order like you would family style
4	Yum.+Great service+Yummy tea+Salt and Pepper Prawns are delicious!+Husband loved the Beef RollThe Chicken Chow Mein was OK--not the best I've had, & I probably wouldn't order it again.I was a little surprised that none of the entrees came with white rice. If you want rice, you'll have to order it.I'll be back
3	The dumplings were delicious. So were the beef roll and the green onion pancake. Service was poor and somewhat bizarre. Server seemed to completely forget about us. Entire staff came into dining room during dinner service to literally build a table - with a drill, work gloves, etc. Chef at one point came out of kitchen carrying a giant bowl of rice from which he was eating. He wandered around chewing and barking orders at staffers. Staffers kept dropping boxes -- of dishes? -- etc. in the dining room. Confusing and distracting. Dumplings were good though. The show - not so much.
5	The scallion pancake is good here. Reminds me of the one in Dallas but thinner and still crispy. I got one of the vege w/ shredded pork noodle. It taste good, not too flavored, very light, and the noodle is very qq. I didn't like the dressing they made for the cold shredded chicken noddle. So I came back here. Here's a deal. If you want salty duck leg, you might as well get the salty duck noodle, because the prices is about the same, and you get the same thing but with noodles too. Noodles is great. Their spicy vege tofu house dish is pretty good. I also really like their salt and peppered fried squid dish.  This place still has great tasting food.
5	Now, this is a place that you go when you want to impress your guest! The food is made to feed "royalty." I have been visiting this restaurant weekly for the last month. Now, that is an obsession as you can see, but when you try their onion pancake, crispy beef (nice and sweet, with carrots, onions, etc. ) or juicy pork buns, you will see why. The menu does take a while to read since the selection it's out of this world. The place is cozy and the staff extremely helpful and simply wonderful. I cannot repeat myself anymore, simply go and see it for yourself. This is one of my favorite restaurants in town!  Forgot to mention that I also carry the takeout menu in my car!!
4	Simply put, China Mama has excellent food (at great prices) and good service.  It deserves any praise and accolades it's accumulated over the years.  First, the food is fresh, flavorful and not greasy. I love that their Crispy Chicken Prep was not saturated in oil but it lived up to it's name and was served with steamed broccoli. My only gripe was they put a bit too much sauce on the chicken, otherwise it was great. My personal favorite is their seafood soup with sizzling rice cake. It was absolutely divine. It was a hot pot filled with flavorful broth, bok choy, seafood, bamboo and sizzling rice. So fucking delicious, especially on cold nights. Their beef roll was a bit incongruous but proved successful. It looked like a burrito (but sliced) but it was heavenly. It had a hint of sesame oil, beef, wrapped in a tasty tortilla(?) not sure, but who gives a fuck. I love that they don't shy away from so-called "weird items" and they didn't succumb to trying to please American taste. Besides having the usual kung-pao, orange chicken, and all that other Panda Express shit. They have items like tea smoked duck, sliced lamb with pickle chili sauce, and spicy pig feet. It makes me want to go back and try these items. Ambiance was a notch above other Chinese restaurants I've been to.  A bit small, but I think that' s good.  Place was clean, food served on crisp white plates, soft rock playing in the background. Overall, it's one of my favorites Chinese restaurants in the valley.
4	I've been going here for so long and enjoying their food for so long I can't believe I haven't yelped about it yet.  All i can say is YUMMM.  Be adventurous here because every dish I have tried so far I have liked.
4	The food was not bad at all.  The one big disappointment was the siu long bao.  It was overcooked and dry.  Besides that the other dishes were quite delicious.  Beef roll and stuffed pork pockets were scrumptious with just the perfect amount of seasonings.  Their handmade soup noodles were quite good too.  Will definitely come back to try some of their other dishes on the menu.
2	I had high expectations of this restaurant considering it was so hyped up by "Best of...." and my man who kept telling me what great chinese food this was.  I cannot blame him much tho for he is a whitey :)  My comfort food is cantonese, to some people, chinese food is chinese food is chinese food.I think I just ordered the wrong dishes....I had salt and pepper shrimp.  It came with some nasty thick coating of batter, no shell or head.  The second dish we ordered was the tofu and shrimp balls.  I was more curious and intrigued about the tofu and shrimp balls because I love tofu and shrimp and because it was sooooo expensive ($16.90).  I wanted to find out why it was so pricey and was it worth the price. It was quite interesting and not what I expected, obviously home made which is a plus.  It was nice and crispy on the outside but a strange texture on the inside: mushy and flavorless.  Not sure I would order it again.  It seemed labor intensive, but not worth $17.The third dish we ordered was the napa cabbage with shrimp paste. It was pretty tasty and the only reason why I give this place a two star rather than a one star rating.I expected this restaurant to be cantonese which it is obviously NOT!After looking at all the other reviews perhaps I will give this place another try and order dumplings, soup, beef rolls and maybe even try green onion pancakes.  (p.s. service is good, place is clean)
4	This is regular lunch spot for me. It's hard to find home-made style noodles in Vegas and China Mama has it. Whether it's thick noodle or cat's ear, they have 4 kinds of noodle variety to choose from.The staple is the beef stew noodle soup (6.99) & their beef roll ($6.99)Actually any of their noodle dishes are really good. I have tried the Dry Style Beef Stew Noodle, Combination Noodle Soup, Noodle with Sesame Sauce (they are all really decent) And some of their appetizers like Pigs Ear or Beef Tripe/Tendon are worth a try too.The service is excellent, very friendly and speaks good English, LOL and the place is very clean.The prices are not bad, we ordered 6 dishes and it was only $40, and we got plenty of left-overs too!I gave this 4 stars because sometimes the service could be faster. When you are on a short lunch break, every minute counts.** Update, try the Twice Cooked Pork & Spicy Won Tons. They are soooo good!~
2	Hmmm...not so much. My visit to China Mama was disappointing since I had heard good things about the place. The service was a mixed bag as they rarely checked back but they were friendly when they showed up. The food was the worst part. We ordered the drunken chicken which was boiled cold chicken cut into pieces bones and all with booze on top. No flavor, the texture of the cold chicken skin was like biting the inside if your own mouth. Trying to eat these bite size chunks with the sharp, jagged chicken bones inside was impossible. Next up we had a 5 spice beef appetizer which was again cold (WTF?) and was basically pho soup beef on a plate with cilantro. The plate was pretty just didn't taste that way. Those were the worst dishes. The best we had were the orange flavored chicken on a sizzling plate. A little deceptive in name as it tasted like chicken teriyaki on a sizzling fajita plate and that was fine by me. The beef rolls were also one of the other few high points in an underwhelming  dining experience. They were also seasoned with 5 spice and cilantro but the beef inside was brushed with a sweet sauce that worked well with the grilled wrap.The rest of the dishes we tried were basically the same vanilla Chinese I find here in a lot of the Vegas local scene. Stick to China Town staples like Joyful House, Diamond China etc.
2	After reading all the rave reviews, I decided to gather a few friends to try out this so called hidden gem.  I have to say we were greatly disappointed!  We ordered the highly suggested Beef Roll and received what seemed to be a cold, Mexican burrito.  It was dry and tasteless.  We also ordered the steamed juicy buns, which were no more than pork dumplings.  The rest of the meal consisted of Walnut Shrimp, Tofu with Black Bean Sauce and Veggie Chow Mein.  They were ok...nothing that lived up to the great reviews.  The service wasn't much to brag about either.  The entrees came out sporadically and we weren't hungry by the time the last item arrived.  Also, the waiter was hard to track down and we had to follow up a few times for items we requested.  Our overall experience was lackluster and I have to give it the thumbs down!
3	I don't know about this one. My girlfriend and I both got sick next day from eating this place.We had the xiao loong baio (soup dumpling), and they tasted weird. The texture of the stuffing was mushy, loose, and dry.  It was like eating undercooked cornmeal.The cold noodle was not bad, a little cheap on the portion of shredded chicken. Pan Fried Shrimp & Green Nira Pillow was the best thing served that night. It was very fresh and tasty.
4	Came here on Saturday night after planning to go to Bosa 1 across the parking lot, but Bosa 1 was closed.  All was ok, as I was planning to go to China Mama at some point and this was a good opportunity.I found the service to be very friendly and characteristic of a family run restaurant.  Coming here with my spouse and child, we figured trying a few of the smaller appetizer plates that have been well received to be a good plan, to try a 'tasting' menu of the more popular dishes.  We ordered the beef roll, the pork soup dumplings, the scallion pancake, and, hoping to match cold sesame noodles common back east, the noodles in sesame sauce. All items were good, but the beef roll was the star of the show - unctuous, flavorful and savory, with a wonderful hoisin sauce/sesame oil aroma.  All other items were very good, but I was a bit disappointed in the sesame noodles, as they were a bit mild and served warm (although eating them the next day cold rectified that).I highly recommend China Mama - friendly service, good food more reminscent of american coastal chinese cuisine (probably closer to San Francisco style as opposed to NY, but good nonetheless).
4	This is def one of my favorites. I love the beef roll - even if you're with a picky eater, I dunno who couldn't possibly like this. It's like someone saying they don't like kalbi- Korean BBQ. The tripe with garlic sauce app is a must, along with the napa cabbage with dried shrimp, crispy beef, kung pao cabbage, fried leek buns, and of course the xiao long bao although they are not as good as NYC but it's def the best here in Vegas
4	I was pleasantly surprised by their cleaniness when I walked inside. Chinese restaurants are notorious for being filthy inside. After looking at the menu, I decided to go with the Beef Stew Noodle Soup with wide noodles.  The bf decided on the Seasme Noodles and of course we ordered the infamous Xiao Long Bao. My dish was very tasty, but I ordered the wrong noodles....it was too hard to eat. The bf's dish was delicious, but I felt that it needed some kind of protein. Now for the infamous Xiao Long Bao...I thought they were good, but will it be something that I will wake up craving in the middle of the night for? Probably not. Overall, I thought the food here was good and I will return to eat.
3	Green Onion pancake is one of my favorite snacks and they do it right here. Subtle flavors and maximum lush texture meld of chewy and crispy.It was kinda hard to figure out some of the vague descriptions...it sounds like something that I'm looking for, but was still very unsure. Not that there are many descriptive Chinese menus, but this was definitely one of the worse ones. I just rolled with the first thing I saw on the Yelp highlights about some sort of crispy beef. It was okay, very starchy. Some crispy slivers I'm not quite sure if it was just a crisp, with no beef in it at all. It was highlighted in red which I thought was spicy, it wasn't at all. It would have been better if its less sweet and spicy to balance it. It said it was $9.95 on the menu. Charged $11.95.With the language barriers I've been hearing occur here, I just was satisfied to be full of pancake, pain and rolled on out than dispute things. Later I read that they add on rice, so we each had a bowl of rice so I figured that was the case for the extra. Further reading says its 50 cents a serving bowl. In that case they charged us for 4 bowls.Oh well.
3	Finally tried this place today after having it bookmarked for a while. I was pretty spoiled by having my Chinese friends taking me to the best places in Toronto and doing all the ordering...hence avoiding any kind of communication difficulty. We ended up ordering the juicy pork buns, green onion pancake, hot & sour soup (miscommunication on this one--the bf ordered a small for himself because he was the only one who wanted soup, but they brought out a giant bowl enough for 5-6 people. Oh well), fried rice cake with spicy chilis, crispy stir fried beef, boiled shrimp dumplings and an orange sizzling chicken. Yeah, we ordered waaaay too much for the 4 of us. We have a habit of doing that. Guess I know what I'm having for lunch tomorrow! Anyway, the dumplings were pretty good--ive definitely had better, but these did the job. The pancake was yummy and I like the shrimp dumplings. The fried rice cake dish was different than we've had before---the rice cakes were more tubular as opposed to the flatter oval bias cut type I'm used to. It was pretty tasty, but nothing I'm going to crave. The sizzling chicken was a bit too fatty for my taste, but everyone else loved it. I didn't have the beef dish either (which the waitress had recommended), but my parents really enjoyed it. Aside from the soup size miscommunication we didn't have any problems and the waitress was really good about refilling the waters...which is usually not the case at Chinese places for some reason. The service was very good and they were more than happy to package up the leftovers for us. Would definitely come back again when I need my green onion pancake and soup dumplings fix! Plus, the bf really wants to order the squirrel shaped fish dish just to see what the heck that means....
3	I was craving China Mama....really wanting their beef stew noodle soup. I ordered it with the regular noodles this time and it was just a disappointment. The beef was so tough to eat and the broth wasn't very beefy, spicy or flavorful at all. I was so sad, but the bf had ordered the green onion pancake and pot stickers. Yum.....to both. He also ordered the crispy beef...which I am not a fan of, but I guess for those of you who love teriyaki sauce this would be a good dish. Pot stickers skin was crunchy on the outside and cooked just perfectly. The green onion pancakes were good too especially with some chili sauce! Overall, I don't think I will be craving China Mama's spicy beef stew anymore, but I will be back for some potstickers or other appetizers.
4	I have had the pleasure of eating here last night.  The szechwan style cooking is execelent!I came alone but I ordered their xiao long bao (soup dumplings).  It was decent.  Not too shabby but not the best I've had.I also ordered the shui joo niu (beef in spicy chili oil).  And it was execellent!  The beef was tender (I can tell it was well preped since it was not the highest quality meat).  Overall it was very good.I would definately return to try other goodies I saw on the menu!
3	OK, so I have to admit I got here because of The Las Vegas Weekly Review...but I did check Yelp to see if it was up to snuff. I must say I was not disappointed. The soup dumplings were good, I loved having the vinegar on the table and not feeling rushed( a feeling I got back in NYC at Joe's Shanghai(the best soup dumplings I have had so far)). The crispy beef was sweet and crunchy, and was also suggested in the Weekly review. We ordered a Hot and Sour Soup that was tangy and filled with all sorts of goodies( ask for the small bowl to feed 3 or more...The large must be able to feed an army). The waiter suggested we try the scallion pancake next time...and we shall return to do just that.The jasmine tea was beautiful,  aromatic and not too strong.The waiter was thoughtful and very experienced. We enjoyed our late night meal there, and will be back.
4	We decided to try this place after the Las Vegas Weekly ran a rave review. We weren't disappointed.But there are some low points: First, know going in that the menu is very confusing (in Chinese and English with lots and lots of options).  So prepare to be patient when figuring out the menu because the staff is not much help and spoke very limited English.With that in mind, China Mama is the best chinese food I've found in Vegas.  We followed the exact recommendations of the reviewer and ordered steamed pork dumplings and crispy beef.  Wonderful.  The dumplings were tender and stuffed with a nice mix of pork and green onion.  The crispy beef was wonderfully seasoned, but a little greasy.We also went out on our own with a standard Kung Pao Chicken and a very interesting fried rice with pineapple, shrimp and sausage.  The best.  The best fried rice I've ever had.  The Kung Pao was great.  It's a standard, but there are plenty of chinese places that fail with the sauce.  China Mama doesn't.  It's definitely one of the better kung pao's I've ever had.
4	Forget Panda Express!Beef RollPeanut Sesame NoodleFish & Tofu soup (MY FAVORITE) Duck - nice mild flavorKung Pao Chicken - standard but delicious
2	Saw it on Las Vegas weekly. Tried it today, and maybe it was just what I ordered but I wasn't impressed. Great service though! I ordered the dumplings it was ok. Spicy wontons were better than the dumplings. I don't like writing bad reviews, but it wasn't for me. Although I often judge Asian restaurants by how many Asian people where inside and there were many. Ordered shrimp fried rice which was the best thing I ordered but u can't really go wrong with fried rice. I probably wouldn't go back.
3	I preface this review by noting that I'm not an expert in Asian or Chinese cuisine. I'm new to this. This place is hit or miss. They have a lot of great dishes, but they also have a lot of not so great dishes. I enjoyed the kung pao chicken and the beef roll. I was NOT a fan of the 5 spice beef. My girl warned me, but I proceeded to order it anyway. Yuck. The sesame noodles were pretty good too. The service is spotty at best. It's hard to get someone's attention to get refills on water and tea and our vegetable dish came out at the end of our meal, after we were already done with all of our main dishes. I think it would have been better if they timed the dishes a little better than that. Also, the temperature inside the restaurant is kept unnaturally cold, so I was little put off by that. Overall, I was satisfied and the price is right. I just have to learn what dishes to order and stick with that.
4	This place is more like a 3 1/2 star, but there is more here that I like than I don't like so I give them the benefit of the extra half star.The menu here is extensive and there are a lot of good dishes to choose from. There are also some very mediocre dishes to keep an eye out for unfortunately. The beef roll, sesame noodles, kung pao chicken, spicy eggplant, crispy beef and a lot of the spicy dishes are fantastic, although almost bordering on too spicy. The soup dumplings and green onion pancake are just ok. Probably the best in Vegas, but that isn't saying too much. You can't compare them to any NYC or LA standard fare. I haven't been too impressed with the vegetable preparations. Just a little too overcooked and soggy for my taste.There is definitely a lack of quality Chinese restaurants in this town, but this is one of the go to places for me. Cheap and easy, just how I like it.
4	After learning the hard way that The Maple Tree is closed on Mondays (boo-hiss) I took a chance on China Mama. I'd heard good things from co-workers and Yelpers about this place, and the rainy weather in Vegas just -screamed- for a good soup.I ordered the mini wonton soup, and the green scallion pancakes. The broth on the soup was light, but flavorful, and the wontons were VERY tasty. I might be mistaken, but they put either shredded cloud ear mushroom, or seaweed in the soup, and I enjoyed it quite a bit. It was not overly kelpy, as Japanese seaweed is really overpowering to me.The scallion pancakes were the BEST i've had in Las Vegas, and the best i've had in years. I used to order this in LA, at this one hole-in-the-wall place and China Mama's totally brought me back to those days. Slightly chewy, lightly crispy, the flavor was a perfect, delicate green onion flavor that i'd forgotten i'd been missing for SO LONG. If you love oniony carb goodness; do yourself a favor, and try this perfect bit of heaven.It's a bit out of my way, but if i'm in the neighborhood, i'm going back in a heartbeat!
2	A friend suggested this.. and we met up here with 2 other friends on Christmas day. Another friend also suggested I get wide noodles with an order.Based on Yelp's reviews we ordered Beef Roll, Green Onion Pancake, and Xiao Long Bao. I only liked the beef roll and the xiao long bao. The beef roll was really yummy to me. I'd order that each time I go.. if I do go again, lol.What really killed the stars was cause the service was mediocre. The guy that took our order was helpful, but after we were all finally done with orders, he never came back. No one did, actually. We had to basically call people to get our check. I never even get my last order...I'm HUGE on service delivery and quality so this experience kind of sucked. It started off pretty good and ended pretty bad. Bleh.
4	SO FAR, my favorite Chinese restaurant in Las Vegas.  I grew up in LA, lived in NY and San Diego, and now have found myself in Salt Lake City, where there isn't much in the way of decent Chinese food... and after that preamble, let readers be forewarned that I've had quite a Chinese food drought lately, so China Mama was like... an answered prayer for me (or some type of delicious drug...).  This is my aunt-in-law's favorite place to take us when we visit her in Las Vegas, and oh don't we love it when she treats us out here.  Pork Mini Buns were juicy and flavorful with nice thin and nicely textured skins.  Scallion pancake was crispy and just greasy enough.  We had fish in spicy sauce, and shredded potatoes.  Oh, and black fungus with special sauce- it says spicy but you can pick all the pepper pieces out and it is oh so tangy and delicious.  The place smells a little funky (like cleaning solution. Why is it that these places always smell like cleaning solution???) but the decor is decent, the place looks clean, the service is decent, and the food hit the spot.
4	I actually ordered food for delivery from RoadRunnerFood.com so I can't really speak to the service, except what the driver told me.My husband and I ordered the Lamb & Assorted Vegetables w/Szechwan Hot Sauce In Pot (yep, to go), combination fried rice, Cold Mixed Crystal Noodle, Shredded Carrot & Cucumber, and mouth-watering chicken (that was all the information on the menu but it sounded interesting).  For the lamb and cold noodle, can you tell I'm just copying and pasting from the online menu?  I'm not typing all that crap out.We ended up getting the combination fried rice, mouth-watering chicken, and two of the lamb dish. No cold crystal noodles.  But it's all good because the lamb is about $10 more.  The lamb dish and combo fried rice were so good!  The mouth-watering chicken comes cold, which I'm good with.  But it has a lot of tiny bones, which makes for annoying eating.  And it made my tongue feel funny so I may be allergic to it.  :) Note to self... avoid vague dishes.  Our food took a while and China Mama apparently aggravated our driver a little bit.  But China Mama's defense, the mayor showed up.  However, that was after we placed our order so I don't think the mayor was the problem.I noticed some reviewers had issues with the service here.  If you love the food but hate the service, you might consider using Road Runner Food and get the food delivered.  Just make sure to tip the driver well.
5	I was there for dinner this evening (Saturday, January 22), and yes, Mayor Goodman and his wife walked in for dinner.  He is so popular and really put a smile on everyone's faces.  There was also a very crowded table next to us (there were 14 seated at that table)...it turned out that that was a table of food critics from all over the US...even as far away as New York.Like the previous poster who ordered Combination Fried Rice, so did we.  I must say that this was about the best fried rice I have ever had, and I'm Chinese.  It had Chinese sausage, pineapple and shrimp.  Their xiaolungbao (little dragon buns known on most Chinese menus) seemed to have been even better than before.  We also had shredded pork with dry tofu.  We had a few other dishes and they were all great.Service was a little slow (slower than normal...never had a problem before), but not awful.  With the restaurant being so full and between the critics and Mayor Goodman, it was quite understandable.  The wait staff was as friendly as usual, especially, Charles.  I was at the Grand Luxe at the Palazzo at 1 am a few nights ago, and I can tell you that my pastrami sandwich took way longer.I highly recommend this restaurant.  I have been there many times.
4	A couple of nights ago the hubby and I were in search of something good to eat, while making are monthly trip to LV. He wanted The Hush puppy- ehh me not so much. Don't get me wrong it's tasty, but I'm not a big lover of just fried fish. So I put faith in my yelpers and while searching for good Chinese I decided on China Mama. As we enter we are ushered to our seats and given menus- 2 different ones @ that. Our waitress who didn't crack a smile came back to take our order what seemed like to be an eternity. I let the husband order the meat entree: Orange Chicken & Beef Broccoli, and I got us the fried rice w/ pineapple, shrimp & sausage. Yummy, everything was tasty and came out fast. It was one of the best orange chickens I've had: crispy, hint of orange zest amazing, the rice was genius & delicious. I wanted to get the beef roll but honey was hating on me. Honestly after that meal I wouldn't be able too anyhow. We now have a great Chinese spot- will be great with a group of friends. Side note our waitress wasn't friendly @ all to us, but very nice to a large group? The manager I presumed and the food made up for her .
5	My favorite Chinese place in the U.S. No joke. I love spicy foods, and this place fulfills my cravings every time. Sure, out of the 3-4 we order, I get the 2 same dishes all of the time, but you know why? Cause it's frickin' delicious.Those two are Mapo Tofu (spicy sichuan style tofu with ground pork) and Shui Zhu Yu (boiled fish in chili sauce). They are really the treasures of China Mama.The mapo tofu is by far the best mapo tofu I've had in Vegas. It's very spicy and I dunno how they do it, but they get the combination of spices right every single time. It makes your lips tingle but you just can't stop. I had a friend visit me once, and he's very much into spicy foods too, so I took him here for lunch. He also thought the mapo tofu was really good! So if you have friends that like spicy stuff, you know where to go.The Shui Zhu Yu is another staple at China Mama. All of the chilis may intimidate some people, but I tell you it's worth it. Just pick up a piece of juicy, white (covered in red chili) fish, put it on your bowl of rice, and just watch as the rice soaks up the chili and the steam that comes from it. If that's not culinary beauty, I don't know what is. The veggies underneath all of the fish is actually one of the best parts about the dish, cause it just acts as a sponge to all of the delicious chili oil. YUM.Other good dishes: Da Zui Bing (pork-filled split buns), their fried vegetables are pretty good, too. Kou Shui Ji (mouthwatering chicken) is not bad, though very bony. The San Bei Ji (three cup chicken with basil, oyster sauce?, something else...) is also amazing, if you like basil try this. The sauce is a bit heavy, but nothing I'm going to complain about.The service isn't the best but really, the food makes up for it. It's not horrible service, especially if you speak Chinese (I think a lot of the servers are more comfortable with Chinese, but they seem to be hiring newer people as well that are more fluent in English). Plus, I don't expect amazing service from this sort of restaurant, so it's not really a problem for me.So GO and find yourself a second mom that makes you great Sichuan food at China Mama!!!
5	Last night 23 of us went to dinner at China Mama's, most of us for the first time.  We loved it!  While there were a few who got meals that weren't up to par (including me) the general opinion was that this is one of the best Chinese restaurants in the Vegas area.  This review is from the 8 of us who occupied one table - we shared all of the dishes ordered:AS we were being seated the waiter passed a few dishes of very cold Spanish peanuts to munch on.  They were REALLY addictive.PROS:  We all agreed that the potstickers were the best anywhere.  Perfect amount of dough in the wrappers, good filling and there were 10 in each order. Doctored up the soy dipping sauce with vinegar and shredded ginger for great finish.  5 stars for this one.Because so many of the previous posters touted the scallion (green onion) pancakes we decided to order 3 of them.  WOW.  Awesome is the only word to describe them.  Not greasy, and fresh tasting.Orange Chicken in Sizzlling Plate was excellent!   Not coated heavily with a lot of gunk, and the taste was soooo delicious.  This was a favorite.Same for the Sesame Chicken.Stir Fried Crispy Beef was just plain fabulous.  We ALL agree this was as close to perfect beef as you can get.  The waiter informed us later that this is their number one seller.  I can see why. This one is a keeper and will order it again.The Cashew Chicken was also a winner.Although a little heavy on the garlic the sauce was excellent.   We like it that way apparently.When I lived in Detroit, my favorite soup was Pork and Pickled Radish in Broth.   I haven't seen this soup in 23 years so this was a real treat and it was loaded with noodles, maybe more than I wanted but the soup itself was very, very tasty with lots of pork strips.  No one at our table had ever heard of this soup and loved it.CONS:  My original order was Beef Hot Pot in Garlic Sauce.  Wow, this was so bad I couldn't eat it.  Had to send it back.  The beef chunks were all fat and gristle.  Very rubbery.   They took it back agreeing that it was below par.  Ordered  the Stir Fried Beef instead.  Glad I did!   The Pork Chow Mein had a different taste than most we've had and an unusual orange color.  Not a favorite.  Shrimp Fried Rice uses all white rice and very little seasoning.  Very few shrimp in  this order.Won Ton Soup, just okay.  Not much flavor but still good.  I would recommend other soups.The bowls of dry noodles passed around the table upon seating  (I guess we were supposed to dip them in the plum sauce)  were very stale.   No matter, we wanted FOOD.  All in all we agreed that the food here is excellent and no one can like EVERYTHING on the menu.  We all would go back again for sure since we're locals.  By the way,  the service all 23 of our party received was exceptionally good.
5	Vegas has never been shy about being a glamorous pretender.  Many may recall the billboard ad for Lavo (Mediterranean restaurant managed by the same company as Tao) with a barely dressed woman and the unforgivably atrocious Asian-punned tag-line: "If you liked our dumplings, you'll love our meatballs".  With this in mind, it's amazing that unassuming joints like China Mama exists less than a mile away from Lavo and Tao.  Drive up to the gritty strip mall at the corner of Jones & Spring Mountain and you may wonder if that TV show "Dirty Dining" has paid a visit to any of the restaurants here.  There's no sequined mini skirts and guest-list clipboards.  There's just really authentic Chinese food served by Chinese people who speak marginal English.  Take that same amount of effort you'd have put into getting past the velvet rope at Tao to muster an order to the China Mama waiters.  I'll bet you the latter will be nicer to you.For a middle-of-the-mill palette, order the Steamed Juicy Pork Buns from the Pastry section (the mislabeling charms a former ESL student like myself who has definitely tried literal translations, and failed); they're actually dumplings made with perfect dough and a divine gingery broth that spills onto your tongue after that love-at-first-bite encounter.  For an exotic palette, try the jellyfish with house sauce.  I always add a starter of seafood tofu soup and braised bamboo shoots, they're healthy options that ease my guilt of eating greasy Chinese.
4	A totally authentic Chinese Restaurant, I felt I was back in Beijing vacationing, although this was not as fancy as the upscale as the Renaissance Hotel in Beijing. My waitress barely spoke English and attempted to speak to me in Mandarin, I'm Chinese but was born and raised in the US and my parents both speak Cantonese. Enough personal chattering. Since I was dinning myself it was a difficult choice dumplings sounded good but there were ten to an order and that would be just to filling. I went with the tofu seafood soup a small order which when it arrived it was large. Nice amounts of shrimp, scallops, mushrooms, eggs and some diced veggies gave this a nice soothing flavor. I ordered the fish with spicy sauce as my main entree. It arrived in a large bowl and it looked SPICY - chucks of tender fish with napa topped with cilantro. the broth had a nice flavor but there was so many red peppers I had to remove some before eating the fish BC I no I would be coughing if I didn't. The fish was so tender, and flavorful and went great with the steamed rice. I'm looking forward to coming back here with friends or clients so I can try some other dishes.
2	I had lunch at China Mama yesterday.  I was excited to try this place because of many reviews written and oral said this place is really good.  I ordered the Crispy Beef and the Scallion Pancake.  The crispy beef was super greasy and I paid for it later.  Pepto tablets and ginger ale was my friend.  The Scallion Pancake was the star, though.
3	China Mama, you've done me dirty. Your food is still good but your service is getting rude and frustrating. Maybe your ego has inflated because of all your glowing reviews, but that doesn't mean you should be lazy and forgetful to customers. Damn your XLB steamed pork buns and beef rolls; you had me at first bite. But please, send your workers back to customer service 101.
5	The service wasn't the greatest, but we learned quickly that if you just get up and walk over to the counter they will get you whatever you want. The owner came out and walked the floor which was nice. But the food....the food is incredible. I'm a vegetarian and the menu selection is huge for meatless dishes and they can make anything to order. I got the in-house made sesame noodles and fried tofu with chef's sauce. The prices are reasonable too, especially for china town... I will definitely be back!
4	was introduced to this place yesterday by friend from the bay. both our standards are pretty high considering we were blessed with homemade dumplings growing up. all of their dumplings are made their and all of the ingredients are fresh. how do i know this? i can taste it! ;) the place is smaller than average and has a nice intimate feel. if you came with a large group, you might take up half or all of the floor space. (there are maybe 20 tables) the only reason i didn't give them the other star is because their menu was a little limited to authentic chinese food. i would definitely go back and i am now on the search to find an even better chinese restaurant. thanks mama!
3	This place is hit or miss.  Sometimes the xia long bao (soup dumplings) are absolutely smack-yo-lips-tastic and sometimes they are d-r-y.  But you can't miss with some of their other dishes.  Their normal dumplings and pot stickers are excellent.  People of all races love a good green onion pancake.  I'm convinced if people of all races would sit at a table sharing green onion pancakes with their choice of hot or salty sauces on a regular basis we would all live in peace.Recommend the beef roll as well.  I've only eaten from the dumping/pastry menu.  It's the way to go folks.  But bring money cause if you pick only from that menu it's gonna cost ya.
3	Stopped in for lunch and was intrigued enough that I will probably return if I'm in the area.  The Beef Roll was definitely a great dish.  Green Onion Pancake was okay, but I've had better.  Shainghai-Style Rice Cake was extremely bland.  I do like the fact that tea is on the table within a minute or two of being seated.  Service was not bad, although it took a little while to get the check.  I'll definitely be trying some of the dumplings next time around.
5	Although Las Vegas has trillions of restaurant options, it is kind of hard for an out-of-towner to find something to eat that is (a) good, (b) legit, and (c) not way over-priced.  China Mama satisfies all three requirements.I had just finished playing in a soccer tournament, and was starving.  We decided to go to China Mama, because we saw it when we were eating across the street at Wendy's Noodle Cafe a couple nights before.  We were the only non-Asian folks in the place, which is always an excellent sign.The waitress was very sweet, and asked us if it was our first time.  I said yes, and let her know we were both vegetarians.  She recommended the scallion pancake and crispy tofu.  We got both, along with an order of vegetable spring rolls and the vegetable chow mein with wide noodles (other options included thin noodles, glass noodles, and "cat ear shaped" noodles...interesting).The vegetable chow mein was absolutely amazing.  The noodles were freshly made, in house.  The sauce was light, and the veggies were perfectly cooked.  I dare say it was the best I've ever had.The scallion pancake was also a big winner.  I devoured my share in about .5 seconds.  Will definitely get it again.The vegetable springs rolls were okay, nothing special.  My old man loved the crispy tofu, but I wasn't into the texture of the soft tofu with a crispy-fried coating.  The sauce it came with was great though.I will absolutely be back at China Mama every time I'm in Vegas from now on.  Highly recommend, especially for vegetarians - there were many authentic Chinese options, and the staff is eager to help if you have questions.They also have a long list of fruit and vegetable (yes, vegetable) slushies and drinks of that nature.  I tried the fresh strawberry frappe, and it was very yummy.This smorgasbord came out to only about $35, including tax and tip.  Very reasonable for two people who ordered everything they wanted, and had tons left over.
3	Visited this place on 2011-04-19 for lunch.  Ordered the xia long bao, beef roll, and the beef noodle (dry style).The beef roll was okay.  A bit dry and sweet; think peking duck using beef.The xia long bao was good, but perhaps a bit too much cornstarch.  They really should provide bowls with this steamed dish.  We made do using the soup spoons, but a bowl would have been better.  The beef noodle (dry style) was something I hadn't tried before; think beef soup noodle without the soup; I think I prefer the soup noodle version.  Overall, the meal was solid but not spetacular.  Place was spotless and service typical for a chinese restaurant.  This is more of a northern chinese style restaurant, so if you're looking for this type of fare, you might like this place.
1	The best of Las Vegas?  I'm not sure how that happened. I ordered the Mongolian beef and combination chow mein. The beef was alright but the noodle dish was inedible. The sesame oil they used made the noodles taste like vomit and the dish's overall orange color only helped cement that analogy. I will never go back.
3	I know it seems weird to leave Cali and come to Vegas for Chinese food, but remember where I live! My friend suggested this place for xiaolongbao (soup dumplings) and she def pointed us in the right direction. They came out steaming hot & really tasty--I would say hot n juicy, but that's another restaurant! HahaWe also had a congyoubing (green onion pancake). Theirs was good, more chewy than crispy, but nice.Overall this place looks nice inside, service was good, food was good, but the prices seemed a little high. I'd go back.
4	The hits: steamed juicy pork bun and shanghai style pan fried bun. Crispy beef and twice cooked pork are great meat dishes. The mini wonton soup is basic but a personal favorite of mine. I am a fan of the very fragrant jasmine green tea they serve here as well. Some of the just ok dishes I've had are the beef pancake roll and shanghai style fried rice cake. Both of these dishes were random menu guesses based off vague descriptions that didn't really hit the mark. The fried rice cake was actually a rice noodle that resembled water chestnuts in appearance and cooked with vegetables and lots of sauce. I ordered this looking for a starchy side, and while it was interesting, everyone came to the conclusion that we will try something else next time. The beef pancake had too much 5 spice for my taste, and it was a little dry and boring. A great place to get lots of friends together so you can sample the huge menu! Take your chances or bring a menu translator/friend!
4	TIP: look at the blackboard next to the front door when coming in, they're the new specials (a bit pricey and it's in chinese though)The lunch items meaning the xlb, beef roll, potstickers, soymilk, and noodle soup are very good.  Up to par in taste but not price in LA (not that expensive but just more than LA).  The spicy items like the spicy dumplings, the "big mouth pastry" and the "mix together mix together" are very tasty.  They even have different kinds of noodles you can pick (hand pulled, knife cut, etc.). soymilk only comes in sweet kind so diabetics are out of luck.  This joint is a very good choice for shanghai style chinese food when you're in the vegas area.
4	My wife and I ate at China Mama for the second time within three months tonight.  Some things were the same, and others were radically different.The pork buns were as good as ever, but inexplicably this time they arrived after our three main entrees and just before the soup.  Yes, we received our soup last, even though I had asked for the appetizer and soup to be served first.  At least the soup was hot enough like the tea to last a long while.  To take the tension out of the dining equation, we have decided that the next time we dine at China Mama we will initially only order a hot appetizer and soup, and not until these items arrive at our table, will we order any entrees.  Last time I was more adventurous, trying out new culinary offerings never attempted before, and found the Beef Stew Hot Pot to be excellent.  In fact, the serving was so enormous that this tasty dish lasted two more meals beyond our restaurant stay. In sampling common Chinese fare, I found the Kung Pao Chicken to be very good except for two bites of gristle; Beef Chow Mein to be very good and plentiful; and the Sizzling Rice Cake with Seafood Soup to be excellent except for utilizing undersize shrimp.  The soft greens like bok choy and the Chinese ear-shaped mushrooms floating in the broth were simply superb.  The broth itself was a bit spicy--but in a subtle, good way.  Walmut Shrimp and Combination Fried Rice were very good.  I was a little disappointed in the Potstickers because I found them to be a bit dry and undersized compared to the best I have tasted elsewhere.  But this was easily made up for by the unbeatable Steamed Juicy Pork Buns.  Trying Stir Fried Shredded Potato on a lark resulted in mixed reviews.  I liked the dish, but my wife found the potatoes to be undercooked.  They looked like hash browns that were never browned.  But we were not at a breakfast diner, so I did not expect hash browns.  Tomorrow my better half gets to fry the two-thirds of the order we did not finish to make the long strands of shredded potato as crispy as she desires!  Service was good in the beginning, but bad at the end.  I had to attract the manager's attention to get leftovers wrapped and receive the bill over 10 minutes after we had finished eating.  In all fairness, in the midst of our meal, without any prodding or sideways glances from us, we were asked by the manager if we wanted more water, and our glasses were quickly refilled.  And, if one asked for silverware, Sweet & Low (a habit of mine even at Chinese restaurants except for those that serve the finest jasmine or green tea), or extra napkins, they were promptly supplied without any resistance or grumbling.  So, service was adequate overall.  The ambience in China Mama is rather spartan but the upholstered booth we sat in was quite comfortable and our table large enough to accommodate all of the several dishes we ordered.   Overall, China Mama still reigns as one of the best Chinese restaurants in Las Vegas I have sampled thus far.
1	Wanted a light lunch, and went in to try the xiao long bao today, about 2 PM.  There were five other tables w/customers already there.  (By the time I left, two other parties came in, for a total of 8, including me.)  Had ordered, and the xlb came out a few minutes later.  They were tasty, with a wee zing of ginger, and had a nice broth within.  After I finished my meal, I was ready to pay, and that's where the problem for me began.After eating, I was thinking one of two things:  the check comes to me, or I go to the register.  After waiting a few (10?) minutes, I decided to go to the register.  The owner (?) saw me, and said to have a seat, that he would bring me the check.  So, I did and read the local LV magazine I brought in with me.  Another 10 minutes pass, and I've finished the magazine, sitting there drinking tea.During that time, the waitress saw me doing nothing, other than sitting, with my elbow on the table and chin in my hand.  The owner, who had been going back and forth from the register, was helping the table in front of me.  He finally noticed/remembered that I was sitting there, waiting for my check the SECOND TIME he came around to help the same table.  Finally got the check, left money and I couldn't get out of there fast enough.A couple of things, before you think I'm too harsh.  As a child, I used to work with/for my father in a pub, and then in a restaurant he managed.  I understand what it is to be part of the staff of a restaurant.  And, for the last 22 years, I've been doing nothing but customer service, so I'm familiar with the concept.Look, I don't expect wait staff to be jumping for joy, trumpets playing upon my arrival.  Basic customer service, and I'm happy.  Go above that, and I remember.  Go below, I can forgive but I never forget.  I would come back here only if someone else was paying.  On my own dime, not at all.
1	OMG! Services in this restaurant is terrible, my friends and I went to China MaMa last weekend. Only few tables were taken at that time, so it wasn't a busy day for them. We ordered five courses and some drinks, it seemed normal so far. After two minutes, the thing happened. the server came back and said "sorry, our chef doesn't wanna cook one of five course,"  "what??? Could you say again!!!", she said the same words again. Therefore, I'll never go this restaurant again
4	I LOVE this place. Their crispy beef is TO DIE FOR. Every time, every single time, they get it right. It is perfectly seasoned and amazingly crispy. The julienned carrots give it just the right amount of crunch. I have ordered other dishes here, like the Mongolian Beef, but nothing compares to the Crispy Beef. The Steamed Pork Buns are also to die for. Perfectly juicy, with a hit of ginger and other spices, they are excellent as appetizers. Though it is enormous, if you have a hefty appetite, you might as well try their Vegetable Fried Rice. It is done perfectly; it is fluffy, just the right amount of sticky, and and egg-y, which I love. I mostly order take out (or delivery via Roadrunner), but the restaurant is awesome. It is a bit of a dive, located in a very shady strip mall on the southwest part of town. Parking is plenty, though even the pavement looks worn out. However, once inside, the place is clean and taken care of. The staff is extremely friendly as well. I have to try other options, but I really cannot get over their Crispy Beef and Steamed Pork Buns.
4	It's always a good sign when you enter a Chinese restaurant and see more Asian faces than white Americans. Generally, that means that the food is authentic Chinese and well-made...a point proven in the case of China Mama in Las Vegas' Chinatown district.Unlike the Chinese restaurants on the Strip, there's little flash here. The decor is simple and spacious and bright. Awards and features about China Mama cover the wall of the entryway. The smells as you enter are wonderful, and you choose your own table to sit.Highlights of the meal were the beef roll, rich with cilantro, and the double-cooked pork, executed flawlessly with lots of leeks and green onions and redolent with sesame oil. The fried-egg soup was also excellent, with the perfect touch of fresh tomato to enhance the flavour. There was a spicy soup with chicken and rice noodles as well, also very tasty but only if you like it hot!Each course was served efficiently and quickly, in family-style servings we dished out ourselves. Our host had barely ordered when the food was already coming out to us. The staff is not exactly friendly but they got everything right.I don't have a Chinese mother, so China Mama us probably the closest I'll ever get to Chinese food the way mother would have made it.
3	This restaurant appears to be a hole in the wall based on the exterior, however the interior is well decorated.  I ordered the beef noodle soup.  Broth - 3 starsNoodles - 4 starsBeef - 4 starsEverything together - 3 stars, broth affected the general flavorOverall the combination of everything together made me feel it needed more flavor.  The handmade noodles are cooked well and very chewy.  The portion appears small, but the doughy noodles are filling.  I wish they had fermented pickles to increase the flavor, but they did not have any.  If I come back, I probably will not come back for more beef noodle soup, but am willing to try something else on the menu.
3	Service isnt that great.The pork in the pork soup dumplings was kinda dry even for being in soup! The skin was thin. their shanghai rice cakes were delicious!
2	I came here and tried to order Soup Dumplings, but the server didn't know what I was talking about.  I was so confused all of the local newspaper and print articles about this place showcase their Soup Dumplings. I love Soup Dumplings, so when the waitress said they didn't have this dish here I was greatly disappointed.  I think the server didn't like me because I'm an ABC/Banana/Gwai-lo;everyone else gets to have soup dumplings but me.  I'll try China Mama again, maybe I'll have better luck next time.
4	this place is really good. the menu is interesting - there are a ton of shanghainese dishes, as well as mandarin, taiwanese, and even szechwan as well.  that can be confusing!  luckily, everything i've tried here has been delicious. some of my favorites: beef noodle soup - handmade noodles!pork chop rice with flavored eggpan fried shanghai bunsBEEF ROLL - this is huge, could feed at least two people for a mealsesame onion breadonion pancakeshanghai chicken cold noodlessteamed dumplings - they call it something strange here (NOT soup dumplings, beijing style with thick doughy outside, literal translation is "dog doesn't care", or GO-BU-LEE)the owners/staff are always very sweet and personable, which is always nice.
1	All I can say is stay away. We ordered the crispy beef, but got burnt beef instead.  This restaurant has no problem serving burnt food to its customers. Even the waitress saw that the food was burnt and served it anyway. They did offer to make us another, but only after we complained.
4	I love this restaurant because it's one of the few Chinese restaurants that serve northern Chinese cuisine. Most Chinese restaurants are Cantonese or once in awhile, Sezuan.  I always get the dumplings, shumi, Beijing noodles, pork pockets and the spicy whole fish.  The staff is nice and always happy to answer questions.  This place is heavy on noodles and doughy stuff so you'll need a nap after eating here.  The prices are great as well.  More and more people are finding out about this place ensuring it's financial survival.  We want this place to flourish and get the recognition it deserves.
3	Expectations far exceeded the food.  I was hopeful, the place was packed and although I read the reviews, it warranted a go see.  We asked the waiter to send out his two most favorite and popular vegetarian dishes.  We were escorted back to a table that was in the back corner....that was dirty....He said hold on as he told us that the chefs take their breaks at that table and he didn't realize they left it such a mess.The dried tofu and spinach were really bland and lacked all flavor.   When questioned if it was a popular dish, they said yes and when he asked for feedback I said it was not too good, he said he could of made it more tasty...?!?!?!?!  I was confused.  Since no one checked back until the bill was due, this would of been difficult. We also were sent the eggplant, and it was good - not sure if it was good in comparison to the other , or if it was good as a stand alone..this is questionable. The highlight.......The Jasmine Green Tea was the bomb! Not likely to give it another go-round.
3	Been there a few times now & it's good, my woman likes it a lot more than myself. Me, I prefer Diamond China........anyhow China Mama is a good restaurant & I say try it you might like it more than ME!!! Also it's a little pricey.
4	China Mama is awesome!Much more authentic style chinese food.  By authentic I mean what you might expect to find at a legit dim sum place in S.F. because that is as traditional as I am familiar with.  I have never been to China and my family isn't Chinese but it feels real to me.Very vegetarian friendly with plenty of stuff on the menu to pick from and if you still not sure you want something off the menu they are more than happy to help you make up your own dish.  Order lots of stuff and worry about the bill when you die.
4	Clean, Friendly, Authentic, Good Value....Driving around China Town with an empty stomach and time to kill is like playing with house money, only spicier.  I rolled a YO-leven tonight when I stopped in for dinner at China Mama, Cha ching!.  II walked in, got some friendly hellos, sat in a comfy booth, and was served some delicious, piping hot jasmine tea.  So far so good.Following some yelpers suggestions, I went with the scallion pancake, and the black bean noodles.  There are prints of Koi fish all over the walls by the way.....in case you were wondering what type of fish print was going to be on the walls.  The Food:Green Onion Pancake - It's a thin, fried pancake with chopped green onion.  It reminded me of the Korean seafood pancake (Haemul Pajon) but without the seafood.  I thought it was a lot better when I dipped it in chili paste, so be sure to ask for some, it's not on the table. Black Bean Noodle - The lo mein noodles were nice in texture with enough bite to not be mush in your mouth.  They were topped with the black bean sauce, which has whole black beans in it, cucumbers and scallions made for a nice dish once it was mixed around. I found the black beans to be a little sweet, almost like an adzuki bean.  It was a new flavor for me, and not really my type of party.  The menu is huge and authentic, the service was very good, and to top it all off, I got a pretty solid fortune in my fortune cookie.  It read, "Hey, Steve, I'm proud of you, love cookie..."  it might have not have said that also.
3	China Mama has gone downhill since the first time I went there.  We went for dinner before theatre tonight and it was somewhat of a letdown.  The star of the meal was the xiao long bao.  The dumplings were tasty, good pork filling, and the broth inside the dumpling was very good.I got the Chicken and Assorted Vegetables with Szechuan Hot Sauce In Pot.  It was a very large bowl.  The broth was good and it was nicely spiced.  My wife ordered sesame chicken.  This wasn't that good.  The chicken consisted of small nuggets for the most part coated with a sweet cause and topped with some sesame seeds.  I tried some and the chicken was very blah.I guess this will be the last I come to China Mama.
5	I love this place! The service was better last time than many other times I have been and we usually go with a big group of people so I've tried a lot here. I love their soup dumplings (Xiao Long Bao), Beef Roll, and Beef Noodle Soup. The only other meal I remember the name of off the top of my head was the Fungus with House Special Sauce....delicious. Everything else we have tried of the standard fair was always good Beef Broccoli, Chow Mein,  and Twice Cooked Pork.
4	The food was great !! the dumpling soup wow !! service was great !! clean and friendly
3	I came here specifically for the soup dumplings, which were recommended as the best in the city.  Are they the best in Vegas? Yes, but that is not saying much. If you come here expecting CA/NYC caliber XBL, you will be massively disappointed.  Having said that, they are still good, along with the rest of the menu here, which is HUGE.  There is a nice balance between somewhat traditional Chinese cuisine and the Americanized take out style stuff you'll find at most places outside of Chinatown.  The portions are large, the prices and cheap, and the food is overall good - if you venture to Chinatown, you probably won't be disappointed if you stop by.
1	Very bad service! So bad that I did not care for the food!
5	Wow. China Mama is where it's at!  They have the best dumplings here. Very gourmet and unlike any dumpling I have ever tried. It's almost like there's a small soup inside of each little dumpling. The best food in Vegas is definitely off the strip!Also, this place is very authentic and 99% of the people inside the restaurant (employees and customers) are chinese. That is a very good sign. If you want good chinese food this is where you go!  Definitely try the Green onion pancake and the dumplings! I was very hesitant at first, but now I am having cravings to go back! Too bad it's almost 400 miles away. The prices are good  as well and I believe it has won several awards! We need a place like this in the SFValley!
4	Amazing Chinese food.  Been here many times.  Their shanghai Street beef noodles (make sure you get the fat noodles) is amazing.  Fresh and soft, with a very smooth beef broth.  Brings you back to the dirty cities of China.  The Shao Lung Bao (pork juice buns) are wonderful also.  Even their gyzo (which I never order) was crunchy on one side and soft on the other.  Great flavor.  The best is their beef roll sandwich.  A must have.  the skin is very soft and the beef, thinly sliced with a kiss of sweet and salty.  They were also featured in Maxim Mag a few months ago with where the chefs in LV go to eat, so if it's good enough for Chefs, it good enough for me...although I would like to think I found it before they did... 8-)
3	Okay so we went here by accident.  This is definitely not the typical take out chinese food it is more authentic.  We ordered the combination spicy meat appetizer and lets just say I personally will not be ordering that again.  The texture, the name of the appetizer and the taste was not at all appealing.  For the meal portion we ordered the hot & spicy chicken it was very good, however you will have to order rice or noodles with the chicken otherwise it comes alone.  We also ordered the combination lo mein with the extra wide noodles.  This was really good we ordered a side of hot sauce and that added a bit more of a kick to the whole plate.  The service was okay, we did run out of water and never was refilled or asked us if we needed refills at anytime we were there.
5	When I want to ear somewhere that reminds me of home, I come to china mama. Just assume everything here is perfect. I will just list my favorites:Ra mein in szechwan saucePot stickersJuicy pork dumplingsFried rice cake with spicy chiliGreen onion pancakeSteamed red bean dumpling (dessert)Mapo tofu (I don't like tofu and even I LOVED this dish)Chicken and veggies in Szechuan hot potBeef rollPork tripe in hot and spicy sauceIt is all good and even better left over.
5	Very good Chinese food. Handmade dumpling and noodles.  I like them very much!
4	Let's get right down to business:Beef noodle soup - I am from socal, and so I'm a tough judge when it comes to decent chinese food, but the beef noodle soup here was really top notch.  We requested the thick noodle, which was nice and chewy, and didn't get soggy at all in the soup.  The noodles were REALLY wide, like pappardalle-esque.  There was also a good amount of spinach in the soup, which was nice, and the beef chunks were well-seasoned and not overly fatty.   A++++. Soup dumplings - These were probably the best made dumplings in terms of sturdiness, that I've had in a long time.  They have a good amount of soup inside, and they skin is just firm enough that it doesn't just fall apart the moment that you pick it up.  The only gripe I have about them is that they meat inside wasn't super yummy - it was ok, but the pork they used was kind of dry and clumpy.  I think it was minced pork, as a previous reviewer said.  B+Foo Chi Fay Pien (cold spicy meat dish) - This was probably our least favorite.  The seasoning wasn't the usual kind that you see with this dish, and it was really just oily with no depth of flavor to it.  Plus, they didn't have the peppercorns in there, which is one of my favorite parts about this dish.  C-Crispy beef - This was what the waitress recommended that we order, and while it was tasty, I probably wouldn't get it again.  I think this is the dish that put China Mama on the map as far as the american magazines go (there's a picture of it up in the front).  It's pretty much really thin pieces of beef stir fried to a crisp with lots and lots of spicy red peppers.  The dish itself is not so much spicy as it is sweet (a little too sweet for me).  The beef bits were really crunchy and delicious though, so if you're in a sweet and sour type mood with some added crunch, this may be the dish for you.  B+Cold seaweed salad - This was seasoned perfectly, and really really delicious.  Not too oiliy and not too salty, and a really nice refreshing pick me up for all the other heavy dishes.There were also some other interesting items on the menu which we didn't order, like the beef roll, and the red bean pancake dessert, which I definitely want to try.  While prices were a bit higher than I had hoped, I think it's worth it if you're looking for some authentic chinese food.  Overall, I'd say you can't go wrong as long as you get some of that beef soup noodle.  Just stay away from the cold meat dishes!
4	I had to visit this place after reading positive reviews about their juicy pork dumplings. I can't say that the juicy pork dumplings at China Mama were the best I've ever had. However, everything else I tried was delicious!!Spicy Wonton Beef Noodle Soup Green Onion PancakeThe service was great and the price was very reasonable.
5	Beef roll, chicken with three sauces and basil, bok choy with mushroom and bamboo shoots. All amazing. First time eating here, and we were stoked on everything.
5	Lived in Chicago and DC and this is my favorite Chinese.  Very authentic and tasty.  When they didn't have a friends favorite dish on the menu, they made one up.   Spicy Wontons are the best.
3	Chinese food is okay, but nothing special. We started with the Hot and Sour soup and the Grab Cake. The hot and sour is what you would expect at the buffet ad the grab cake was sweet, which is a little bizarre. The shang-hai dumplings were what you were expected and pretty good. We also ordered the drunk chicken which had waay too much alcohol in it ( I know that its an oxymoron). The flavor was pure alcohol. Overall, the food was okay, but not very memorable.
5	Love this place.  I've been twice, very authentic and friendly.  They do phenomenal soup dumplings.  I also tried a new dish last time.  It was twice cooked Szechuan pork.  Turned out to be thin strips of tender pork belly with scallions in crushed peppercorns.  All those things make me happy.  I piled pork onto the crispy scallion pancakes and did a little dance.
4	I went here today because my friend suggested this place.  She loves this place.  I went with her and two other friends.  The place looks really nice inside with traditional decorations. We ordered 5 items- chicken and corn soup, crispy beef, szechuan lamb and vegetables in a clay pot, combination chow mein, and tea smoked duck.  The soup was normal.  Everything else was really good.  Based on the waitresses recommendation, we got wide noodles which tasted like rice noodles.  It was really really delicious.  The lamb in a clay pot had noodles in it which surprised me.  The spice was good, but there was a kick there that had something I didn't like.  I did not like the crispy beef.  My friend loved it because she says it tastes like candy.  It did, but I'm not a sweet fan.  I really really loved the tea.  It tasted really good. I even asked the waiter for the name of the tea.  It's Jasmine Green Tea.  It's absolutely amazing.  The service was okay.  We kind of waited for a minute or two before getting seated.  They checked up on us several times while we were deciding what to order.  Our food took a long time or maybe I was just really really hungry. After our food arrived, they didn't really check up on us/ refill our waters.  The waitress did ladle our soups for us.  I did have a little confusion with our waiter.  I asked if they had beef chow fun, and he thought I asked for fried rice.  The noodles were really delicious.  I love wide rice noodles like that.  It reminds me of drunken noodles that they serve at Thai places.
4	After all the smoke, and over priced craziness of the strip, finding this place was a blessing.  Niu Rou Mein was excellent, XLB's just right.  The taiwanese lettuce was a little too oily.
4	Steamed juicy pork buns, super yummers!
5	Hands down the best Chinese restaurant in town! 5 stars ranking it amongst Chinese Restaurants here in town. 4 stars just comparing it to all other restaurants in town.There are actually two menus at China Mama. One of them has more traditional and authentic foods, the other has more commercialized and Americanized foods. Both are great. For those used to solely Americanized Chinese food, it's a great way to branch out and order one or two more authentic dishes. Everything is well seasoned and all the meat is well prepared.Pretty good customer service and they don't do any of the nonsensical "we charge per soda can" on drinks. Food also comes pretty quickly. Definitely the place to go if you're looking for Chinese food in town.
4	Decent Taiwanese cafe for homemade noodles and xlb.  A little farther to drive outside of Chinatown, but definitely wasn't disappointed.  The mamasans who own and run the restaurant are really cute, I got really good service and the food was really yummy.  I ordered the beef chow mien, soup dumplings (xlb), and the layered pancake which is one of my all time favorite appetizers.  They make it really crispy and light, not too oily.  It's delicious and I'd probably come back just for that.  The beef chow mien was also a treat, mostly because of the homemade noodles with a really good firm texture.  The xlb is definitely worth ordering and I think is the best in Vegas.  They give you a lot of food too, I wasn't able to finish because everything was so good!
4	I've been craving a Taiwanese beef roll since getting back from LA. So natch I hop on Yelp and start my search for the best beef roll in Vegas. This is the first place ill be trying for that quest. We ordered lots of dishes so its easier to laundry list each. Beef Roll - After eating a disappointing version in LA (101 Noodle Express) I swore Id find a better one and China Mama didn't disappoint. Lightly crispy and slightly oily pastry dough wrapped around super thin slices of braised beef (tastes like the same beef that's in the beef noodle soup, this is a good thing), cilantro and a sweet and savory sauce thats slightly akin to hoisin. These few ingredients work together to create a deliciously satisfying spindle of flavor.  Juicy Pork Dumplings - AKA Xiao Long Bao, XLB or soup dumplings.. these bite size dumplings are filled with a mixture of ground pork and are brought out in a large steamer. These were pretty good, really porky/soupy and worth ordering but I just wished that they had fresh ginger in their dipping sauce as opposed to ground ginger which was seen floating on top of the sauce. Just be gentle when scooping these up from the steamer as one wrong move with your chopstick will puncture the delicate skin. Trust me, seeing the soup gush out of the bottom of a dumpling and onto the table is a very sad thing.Pork Boiled Dumplings - These are exactly what you'd expect.. big chubby wontons filled with ground pork sealed and boiled. The juicy pork and the toothsomeness of the wonton made these addictive. It was easier to eat these out of a small bowl with a few drops of black vinegar and chili oil. A must try! Beef Noodle Soup -  I had no idea that soup bowls here are crazy huge, like you can share between 4 people huge. This isn't quality over quantity either, thick house made noodles treading in a beefy well flavored stock. The depth of flavor was obvious with a hint of spice. If you prefer more heat they can definitely bring you chili oil to enhance your beef noodle experience. Be warned these noodles are slurpy and you will get the collagen rich stock all over your clothes if you're not careful. Service was attentive though on our visit (Sunday around noon) they were pretty busy with large groups so the kitchen was a little back up. On the way out one of the servers suggested if we love the beef roll to get the pork pockets next time. I cant wait to try a pork pocket!Oh China Mama, I love you.
3	Definitely not the best dumplings that I've had.  Their beef noodles are really good though!
4	Living in hawaii, it's tough to find authentic Chinese food so i actively search it out when I travel.  China Mama fits the bill when I'm in vegas and looking for Taiwanese/Shanghainese food.  Recommended:Green onion pancake, pork sesame pocket, hot sweet soy milk (not always easy to find and definitely an acquired taste), eggplant with basilXiao lung bao!!
4	I'm half Chinese but I'm not a big fan of Chinese food.  I do, however, appreciate good xiao long bao (soup dumplings) but not a lot of places in Vegas can do it right.  China Mama's xiao long bao was perfect!  The soup inside the dumplings was hot but not enough to the point you burn your mouth.We also got pork chop rice which was really good.  It's like salt and pepper pork without the bones.  The salted pork stir fried with garlic leaves was ok - not quite the way I like my pork cooked...it was quite salty like Spam.  The pan fried pork buns tasted like the xiao long bao except it bun form.  Their jasmine tea was excellent and not watered down like in some other Chinese restaurants.The service was ok...it's a Chinese thing.  Don't expect superb service, it's not going to happen!  They did attempt to speak to us in Chinese but the only words I remember nowadays are curse words.
4	China Mama is pretty good!   Started off with the Salted Pork stir fried with Garlic leaves :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/china-mama-restaurant-las-vegas?select=EuwgzGRHUqeNqxKYb7i5QQ#EDUwby1P6ixDj3jprvSQ2QI really liked the taste of the salted pork, and the consistency was tender and spam like, but packed with lots of flavors and garlic!  Pretty salty, but you expect that ordering it by the name lol.Also ordered the Mama's special pan fried Pork Buns :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/china-mama-restaurant-las-vegas?select=EuwgzGRHUqeNqxKYb7i5QQ#pGd1BtDTcqbvOc6AK3-m1wThe buns had a beautiful crust on the top, that added a lot of flavor and an interesting consistency. They were packed with a similar juicy pork combination inside as the Xiao Lung Bao :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/china-mama-restaurant-las-vegas?select=EuwgzGRHUqeNqxKYb7i5QQ#D8ZWCGldh8RfIIHAz0JOnABoth came out piping hot, ready to please!  The Xiao Lung Bao above was filled with a soupy juicy consistency inside the dumpling, so be careful of your shirt!Lastly, the Pork chop on rice :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/china-mama-restaurant-las-vegas?select=EuwgzGRHUqeNqxKYb7i5QQ#wuuPz5GByypktlcYDV2ijQIt was not bad, but the other dishes shadowed in my opinion.  I would order the dumplings again myself!We will definitely be back again, since there were a few other dishes like the Crispy Beef and Shrimp with spicy chili sauce I didn't get to try!
3	MSG headache. We did not order right for sure.
4	Chinese food rarely impresses me. If it is done correctly, I feel like I had a really good intellectual conversation with a high school student, i.e. while pleasant enough, I would rather be talking to an adult. With that said, China Mama is a step-up from your average Chinese restaurant or takeout joint. The meat looks and tastes like real meat, a detail that seems optional in some Chinese joints, and the food is prepared with some love and care. I have been here twice and have been satisfied both times. The soup dumplings are very tasty and are a great way to get things going. Out of the handful of dishes I have tasted here, the Schezwan double cooked pork (maybe not verbatim) was my favorite. The decor is about what you would expect from a bank converted to a restaurant. The service both times was friendly and helpful, a welcomed surprise. Overall, this is some of the better Chinese food I have had in Vegas.
5	Surprisingly good Chinese food!I like the Xiao Long Bao.  Each XLB was juicy and very meaty.
4	This place is great and I am from the 626 San Gabriel Valley so that should mean a lot. From where I am from chinese places are everywhere. the good and the bad. I have to say this place would be one of the goods. The location, vibe and taste all reminded me of back home (Arcadia). I felt like this place was literally a chunk taken from the 626 and put in vegas. Tried the beef noodle soup, beef rolls and xiao long bao (juicy pork bun). The beef noodle soup was one of the best I've taste. Much better than some of the ones I've tried back home. Beef rolls were good but could us soem more flavor. xiao long bao was one of the better i've tried.Overall this place is good. if you are visiting vegas and want to try some good, cheap chinese food come here. it is a bit off the strip but i think its worth the car ride.
4	I love soup dumplings. Not a fan of Din Tai Fung and don't always have time to go to Joe Shanghai in NYC so satisfied my craving at China Mama.Service was good. Soup dumplings were GREAT. I thought the price was a little steep though.
4	There is no bar , had a party of 5, 2nd visit try the scallop dish it was killer
1	So, we tried this place once before and didn't enjoy it, as there are hundreds of better Chinese places, but my husband said we should give it another chance. So we did last night!We walked in and they didn't seem too busy, we got seated right away, and they brought over the hot tea and menus, so far, good. But then they struggled to get back to the table for our order. My husband had already made up our choices, I usually make suggestions and he orders for us. Tonight, I just let him select. Our beef roll came out first, it was like moo sho pork, pancake rolled with cilatro and scallops, thinly sliced beef and a smidge of hoisen, but they brought us aome exta, they were good.The spicy wontons were a bit mushy sitting in the oily spice, smelled good but taste was ordinary.We also got the noddle chow fun, fat noddles of course, it was also good, but our next three dushes were just so blah, crispy beef, sticky sweet thinnly beef and sliced carrots, not sure it was good, I didn't care for it, kung pao chicken had gritty peanuts, and the mabu tofu was very weak. Well, at 130am, it all came back up! I had the worst tummy ache, a little fever and chills, and the nausea and well.... I'll leave it at that! I guess I should have said something when I saw the guys in the kitchen scraping the rice pot touching the trash can and the guy unwrapping the frozen meat, touching the meat slicer! Never again!
1	Let me start off by saying that I use to frequent this place when it first opened a couple of years ago. I love Xiao Long Bao's and beef noodle soup, and this place has all of that and more. Service was always decent and food tasted great. However, the most recent visit has left me not wanting to come back EVER.My family and I came for lunch one afternoon and it was semi-busy. We stood at the front and while the waiters saw us, they were a bit busy to greet us, no big deal. After a few minutes, one of the waiters asked us in Mandarin "How many people?" My family is Cantonese Chinese, my parents can speak Mandarin, but I know very little Mandarin. I told him the number of people in our party with my fingers and he said something in Mandarin that I didn't understand and unfortunately my mom wasn't paying attention so she didn't hear him, but he pointed his arm out to an empty table in the corner gesturing for us to be seated. Assuming he wanted us to take a seat, we all sat down at the table in the corner. Then the waiter came to set up the plates and utensils. But when he saw us sitting down, he stopped and gave us a dirty look and said in perfect English, "Uh, can you at least let me set the table first???" How disrespectful and unprofessional is that? First of all, it's rude for you to assume that every Asian-looking person speaks Mandarin and second of all, you were the one who gestured for us to sit. And lastly, there are much more polite ways of asking a customer to get up while you set up a table. Regardless of if you were having a bad day or not, that's not how you treat a customer. In most of the Chinese restaurants I've been to, it's normal for waiters to start setting your table after you've been seated, I don't know why he had such a problem with us sitting down. At that point, I should've walked out, but I was thinking the food would be the saving grace. We ordered beef noodle soup, Xiao Long Bao's, Shanghai-style rice cake, a tofu dish, and a cold meat appetizer dish, only the Xiao Long Bao's and tofu dish met my expectations. The beef noodle soup lacked flavor or spice, the Shanghai-style rice cake was more onions than rice cake, and the meat appetizer was too oily, really disappointing from the previous meals I've had here. The only positive thing from my lunch was our waitress, she was actually polite and attentive. I don't expect first-class service when I go out to eat, but I definitely don't expect an unprofessional attitude either.
5	Best Chinese in Las Vegas. About 20 visits later I'm always trying something different and I am always amazed how spicy and great everything is. Me being a round eye I really have no idea what the hell I'm actually ordering and that is part of the fun. Absolute must try Vegas restaurant. They have turned me away an hour before they were supposed to close and are generally pretty rude but I really don't care I can't make the food they make myself nor do I know where else to get it that good. So I will be back again and again! I've nearly tried the entire menu and have never been disappointed.
2	Expect hour long waits just for food to arrive. Who I'd take here: Friends and a date. They can accommodate large groups.Comparable to: Authentic Chinese.Food Quality: 5I've been here many times and the food is amazing and consistent. My personal favorites are the ma po tofu and the ong choy. I highly recommend it.+2 pleased with everything we ordered.Service Quality: -2The service is the worst I've ever seen. The waitresses are extremely rude and other reviews corroborate this. If you eat here you'll notice all the tables looking up, angry, wondering where their waiter and food is. People actually get up and leave because they are upset with the service. They also got my order wrong twice. You may have a different experience if the restaurant is totally empty (which is the only time I'd advise coming here). When I've come they had as few as 2 or 3 other tables, and no excuse for such slow service.-1 rude waiters. -1 unapologetic. -2 hour wait for food. -1 getting my order wrong.Location, Cleanliness and Ambiance: 2This is a sit-down restaurant, not a fast-food restaurant. While the inside is clean and OK, the outside looks a little shabby. The sign is missing letters. This is would be great date venue if the service weren't so terrible. -1 shabby outside.How I rate: I have 3 categories, and each category starts at 3 points. For each item where I am impressed, they get 1 point; disappointed, lose one point.Overall rating: round(average(ratings)) = round(1.7) =  2
2	What happened to this place? Haven't ate here in awhile, but stopped in with the family and family friends last weekend. Our friends never ate here before and we told them such good things about the food. We ordered combination chow mein, chicken chow mein, mabo tofu, sesame chicken, beef broccoli, and twice cooked pork. The last three dishes were awesome! However, the noodles tasted a little sour and the tofu tasted like pepper overload! If that wasn't bad enough.. Service was worst! We were the only table and waited forever to get seated, get water and tea, everything! It's a bummer guess we won't be back here for a long time..
1	Came in at about 1:00 pm on Sunday, someone came 5 minutes after us, but they took their order first, even though we were ready to order.  Even after they took the other table's order we waited another 5 minutes.  After we ordered, the food took an unusually long time to get to us.  It wasn't that busy.  When we did get our food, they messed up one of the things we ordered.  After finishing our meal we waited a while for our check and it never came.  Food was alright, but the service was absolutely terrible.  After I went up to the register to request the check, I paid for the meal and left a gratuity was appropriate based on the minimal service provided.  I mentioned this to the person that took our money, but she didn't care.  One of the worst restaurant service I've ever encountered.
4	Good prices, good service & overall good food. Nothing fancy but I thought it was all pretty good!We were in a group of 8 & were seated quickly. Shortly after we ordered the food started coming out & they kept it coming as we made room!They cleaned up empty dishes quickly & for our leftovers to go quickly as well.
3	We went as a party of four last Tuesday. The other couple had been there before, we had not. The interior was bright and clean. The service, initially, was slow but okay afterwards. When the food arrived one after another, we expected a more taste as some of the dishes seemed bland. We ordered 3 entrees and Sweet and Sour soup for all. Unfortunately,  the soup was generic,  notably not sour. Unfortunately,  I cannot recall the three dishes specifically but I do recount our reactions to them - one was good, one was mediocre and one was very bland.Finally,  the price was between, normal and slightly higher. The portions were normal as well.
4	One of the "go to" spots in Vegas for Chinese food. Definitely get the pork pockets and any kind of egg noodle dish. Shanghai dumplings are okay too, but could use a little more soup! Other than that, a good place for a great meal at a reasonable price.
4	Authentic Chinese from from different parts of China.  Not a long menu, but quite a few signature dishes.  Getting better and better.
2	The food was fantastic tonight, but there was zero service. We seated ourselves after waiting 10 minutes with no eye contact from the staff.  I notified a waitress that we were seating ourselves.  She brought us menus, our food, and then we sat and sat waiting for our check when we were finished.  My husband was ready to walk out without paying when I finally just walked over to our waitress again and told her we needed our check.  Honestly, there are not that many tables and there was plenty of wait staff, but the whole timing was way off.  The couple next to us ordered their food not long after us, but ended up just watching us eat, as their food never came.  We would have just walked out.  We left before they were ever served. I felt so bad for them!   Next time we're in town, we're trying somewhere else.  I'm on the search for another soup dumpling place once again.  :(
5	A new fave for us, anything with the handmade noodles, beef stew or soup dumplings, for example, are fantastic and something you can't easily find elsewhere.
3	If I were to rate on food, I'd give a 4 star, easily. On price alone, 2 star. This place is delicious but absolutely unjustifiably expensive. I will list prices with the items as I recall them. Taking a browse through older reviews, I see some items have almost doubled in price. First of all, we over-ordered. This is common for us. We had...Pan fried pork buns. $12. So, I'm usually not a fan of any bun or dumpling if it has an excessively thick dough surrounding it that seems uncooked. Luckily, it was a bit airy and crispy, with delicious pork in the middle. Not a lot of juice or soup, but still tasty. Served upside-down.Stir-fried spinach with garlic. $14?! Simple and to the point. It was good.Seasoned cold tofu. $7-8. Standard appetizer if you're familiar with it. Simple and tasty.Eggplant and basil in a heated pot. $16?!?! I loved this dish. Good, strong flavors and perfect over rice due to the thick consistency of the sauce. I think I should have put the flame out underneath it, though. It got too mushy by the end."Three sauce" chicken in a heated pot. $17?!?!?!?! So, the sauce is a very strong ginger and sugar with some other things type of flavor. Delicious flavor, but the cuts of chicken were so fatty I couldn't eat half of it. It's just random pieces.Tea. Free? This had to be some of the most intense jasmine tea I've had without being bitter.So yeah. It's confusing. Why is a place off the strip putting up some of the highest prices I've ever seen for Chinese/Taiwanese cuisine? Insane. I mean really, why is an eggplant dish $16?! I'd rather go to Bund Shanghai a couple blocks away. It's cheaper by a lot, and more delicious (although not exactly the same cuisine, but still).
3	China Mama is fighting for their three stars with me. More things disappoint me about this place than impress me on more reasons than one.The restaurant as a whole is a nice place and the staff was very friendly with my family. When I opened the menu, I saw the prices of the items on the menu. Personally, I think the prices of the items on the menu are a little high. My family ordered vegetable chow mien, vegetable fried rice, braised tofu (I think), crispy beef, and sweet and sour fish fillet. When the chow mien, fried rice, and braised tofu came out, I personally thought that we could have gotten a little more food or the prices could be a little less, but I like large amounts of food in front of me. I did enjoy the fried rice and chow mien though, I thought they were cooked really well. These two would justify a higher rating in this review, but the crispy beef and sweet & sour fish fillet brought the rating down. The crispy beef was good and so was the sweet & sour fish fillet, but they put too much sauce in both and it was too sweet. In the crispy beef, about half was beef and half was carrots, which was a turn off, and then it was paired with too much sauce that was sweet. The sweet and sour fish fillet had even more sauce than the crispy beef did and it was too sweet. When you got to the fish after wiping all that sauce inside of your mouth, the fish was delicious, but I couldn't get past the large amount of sauce and the sweetness of it. I don't believe you can ask for sauce on the side for the crispy beef, but the sweet and sour fish, you most definitely should. This isn't a bad Chinese place to eat at, just don't order something sweet and sour unless you put the sauce on the side so you can control how much sauce you put yourself. The prices may be a little high, but the food does taste good. In the end, the decision is in your hands.
5	LOVED everything I ate.......cashew chicken, kung pao chicken, mongolian beef and chicken chow mien.  Best Chinese food ever!!!!  Favorite was the cashew chicken :)
4	This place has the best wonton soup... Ever. I like wonton soup, but I LOVE theirs! The seaweed strips in it really add a unique flavor that I have missed from others. The soup dumplings are fantastic and be sure to ask for the side of ginger. Oddly enough I usually hate ginger, but theirs seemed more subdued perhaps? Definitely not soapy which is refreshing. I really enjoyed their crispy beef. My boyfriend didn't like the sweetness of the crispy beef, but I definitely enjoyed the taste and the perfect crisp. My boyfriend liked everything else greatly. The service is very kind and they give you green tea as soon as you are seated.
3	Food is good. Service sucks. Their soup dumplings are OK. Their spicy hot oil numbing fish is very good. Go there for the food,but don't expect any service. Price is higher than other Chinese places.
1	hang out with my wife, food is bad and service is poor, no one service us until we ask for check. If u want to try real Chinese food, please dont come; if you wan to try western Chinese food, u should think about their service.
4	My girlfriend is from NE China, born and raised, and she said this is the most authentic Chinese she has ever had here in the US. Spicy Lamb, Crispy Beef and Seafood soup are our favorites. Service is okay at best, but food is fantastic.
3	Amazing kung pao shrimp! The pork chow mein was a bit bland but ok. They brought the shrimp first then 5-10 minutes later they brought the chow mein which i thought was odd. They didn't check on us unless you consider the staggered service of our 3 dishes checking on us... everything served ala cart with no rice served with the entees like some places...
4	It has been a few years since I have been to China Mama and it seems that they have remained consistent over this time. All my favorites hadn't changed and the tastes were consistent. Beef roll is always a must and I like a lot of their buns. Their menu is extensive, so it's hard to narrow it down during the ordering process. I like a lot of their veggie options, so I usually order at least one. There are so many options in town, so that explains why I don't come here as often as I used to, but it's a good option when you're craving variety.
3	I had heard great things about this place and was excited to try it.  not really impressed.  The prices were pretty high for most things, about $15 average and we went for lunch.  We had 3 things.  Scallion pancake was really good.  The salt and pepper fish was pretty tasty as well.  We got the crispy chicken with garlic seschuan sauce and none of us liked it.
4	Ok. A note: I have not had all the dishes here. Let me tell u bout the ones to try. The soup bao is excellent. I have not found too many soup bao in Vegas. For that alone this needs a try. The beef roll wAs surprisingly delicious it was like a beef burrito Asian style. It could of been a meal on its own for lunch. Quite filling.For the family we ordered the fish in chili oil My all time favorite. The extra hot crispy chicken was good too. Give the beef with pepper a try it was tasty and rested on a bed of delicious onions.
2	This review is strictly for their service and their XLBs. The service was subpar but I wasn't expecting much anyway. The only person working in the front was a lady who probably doesn't know how to smile. I was sat down in an empty area while i perused the menu. I chose to get XLBs to go like I did my first visit. The dumplings were ok but the high price tag made them even less attractive. At 11 dollars for 8 dumplings in which the majority of them were broken...not worth it. I'm tempted to try the stews and noodle soups though. They look huge! Maybe I'll come back someday.
4	Flub... flub....flub... flub. Oh Yelp... No, more accurately, oh Las Vegas Yelp.... I don't know what to say. I got on Talk and BLASTED the mediocrity that is Las Vegas Thai food. Boo, hiss-hiss, what a meanie I am! Worse part is, I think I'm banned from every Thai Restaurant in the city. Now where am I going to get my pineapple fried rice and sweet and sour chicken??? Mercy... please! China Mama is a Las Vegas institution of sorts, so I have to tread lightly. I *think* it has to do with Las Vegas' most beloved food critic (who shall remain nameless), who seems to have a soft spot for China Mama. (TBH: his glowing praise is what got me to try it.) He probably likes it because not every other dish is saturated with ketchup, soy  sauce, and fried chicken (aka, Panda Express). But if this is the "best" Chinese food in Las Vegas... I dunno what to say. The food is okay, it's authentic, as authentic as the food I ate growing up in SGV. And it's a welcome break from Orange Chicken and beef chow mein. But c'mon... it's authentic mediocrity. The XLB are decent and waaay overpriced (8 dumplings for $9). The beef in their beef roll is nothing special, although their flour pancake was awesome. Again, another $7. Their chicken corn soup was disgusting. The best dish of the meal was the gringo boyfriend's Beef with Broccoli. Oh... and an extra 50 cents for a BOWL of white rice. Wut? I'm not trying to be a cheapskate, but to Asians, especially Chinese, the price point of a meal is important. If a restaurant's food is mediocre in taste, it better have an excellent price point. This place would be banned in the SGV on principle alone,  it's mediocre (sometimes bad) food with a very high price point. So, why the 4-stars? Well, I gotta get my beef roll fix somewhere. I have to give it props for having so many of my hometown's favorite dishes. And I don't want to get Mama mad. You know how China mamas get....
5	Their soup dumplings are amazing, and we love their pineapple fried rice!!
4	Are lunch there today and loved it. Hot and sour soup with onion pancakes were both greatMy new favorite Chinese restaurantAcross the street from Wendy's noodle House which is also very good
4	Best place to try the noodle dishes. Their beef hand made thin noodle, beef onion pancake wrap and pork sesame pockets are the best ! Please see my posted pictures. Yummy !
4	I've been here a few times - the tea is delish and we ordered the green onion pancake, Mongolian beef, Mixed vegies, Chicken fried rice and Crispy beef. Recommend them all!
4	The garlic eggplant dish was sublime. And plentiful. The Spicy Wontons were even better!
3	I been looking for a great XLB place in Las Vegas.  China Mama was recommended by a girl friend.  We came here during lunch time, and it was quite empty.  But still hard to find parking, because of all the surrounding restaurants in the plaza.  We just ordered the XLB, beef roll, fried onion pancake, and tan tan mien.  All the food was delicious, but nothing too crazy about.  It will do my XLB fix.  Prices are kind of steep for chinatown.   I would of gave them four stars, but their service is not welcoming at all.
4	First impressions when i walked in the door was that the restaurant was pretty clean and that it smelled wonderful, both are very good signs. I came here based on the ratings and reviews here on Yelp. And, you definitely get the most out of your money here (at least in Las Vegas...). I gravitated to their xiaolongbao, also known as "soupy buns". The xiaolongbao 's skin was done just right, the filling could have been a little more salty, but quickly fixed with a little of the vingear dipping sauce. If you're up to getting the spicy pig ears, it was by far my favorite appetizer here. The soup dishes weren't anything to rave about, but decent. on the other hand, the chef sure does know how to work a wok. The stir fried hollow vegetables were cooked perfectly!Overall, a very good lunch spot.
2	My wife and I have found a search more difficult than King Authur's search and quest for the Holy Grail; Finding good Chinese Food in Las Vegas. Just like the Holy Grail; I'm not so sure it exists. I'm very picky about my Chinese food. Nothing here like NYC, San Francisco, or believe it or not, Sao Paulo, Brazil. China Mama was reccomended to us by someone at one of the Chinese Foot Spas. Either they have warped taste buds, or I didn't tip them enough and they were getting even with me. First, good luck finding parking in this center. If you find a space, it truly is a pot of gold. It will be your one great accomplishment and more satisfying then your meal. We went with another couple, so we were able to order a variety of dishes. I found them to be a cut above Panda Express, and that's about it. Service was slow, and a couple of the dishes were on the cold side. When we sent them back, they must have been given first in line at the microwave oven. They looked exactly the same, just now steaming. I do remember the "hot and sour" soup, the chow main, and my standard for rating, Kung Pao Chicken. Not worth even taking home and reheating for a lunch.Tough to park, slow service, and over priced.Bottom line: This is a Panda Express for Middle Aged and Senior Citizens, who enjoy taking in an atmosphere that's not in a food court, or fast food place, and  who have already used up their monthly coupons for buffets at Station Casinos.
3	I brought my parents here for lunch and I have to say that my Chinese baba and Korean mama were not too China happy. I could tell, of course, they were trying to be supportive of their "radical" daughter and relished in my lunch spot decision-making since they saw how excited I was to try it but underneath the approving smiles, I could tell they weren't impressed. China Mama serves a floral Jasmine tea, which I'm not a big fan of. I'd rather have my usual black tea to wash the grease down my esophagus, but that's just ME! I think the dishes here had a Northern Chinese influence and I'm more used to Hong Kong style, which I understand isn't their fault and I am completely open to trying everything (trust me when I say everything).At first I was extremely overjoyed to hear that there was a restaurant in this city that serves soup dumplings. I could barely contain my excitement walking through the restaurant doors but my heart dropped just a little when I saw how empty it was. There were a couple tables having lunch when I went at 12 noon on a Monday. So, back to the soup dumplings. They were just OKAY... They didn't taste homemade and the texture was very doughy and dry. I was expecting the soup inside the dumplings to be more thin and broth-like but had a pretty thickened consistency, I'm assuming from the starch of the dough it was wrapped in.Also, here's a question for some other China Mama patrons:I ordered the Beef Dry Noodle with the hand pulled wide noodle. The density of the noodle was fabulous! BUT there was a very unusual flavor to them. My mouth got numb every time I ate them and it's a fuzzy feeling I've never experienced before. The beef and veggies in the same dish did not have this effect on me. I AM NOT allergic to anything (thank goodness) but am wondering if maybe I got a bad batch? The noodles tasted like some sort of chemical or cleaning solution? We asked the server if she could tell us what was in the dish to see if there was just a spice or ingredient that I am not familiar with but to no avail. I didn't want to make it a bigger deal than it really was so we left it at that. So, if any of you have ever tried it and know what I'm talking about, tell me if I'm crazy or if this is how it's supposed to taste! Thank you in advance for your cooperation! This strange taste made the noodle somewhat unbearable for me and I tried it a couple times, only because that's my motto; Try it twice, to be precise! Here are some gems I DID find on the menu:Spicy Wontons! - SMOTHERED in garlic with a spicy chili oil sauce Beef Rolls - thinly sliced beef wrapped in a wonderfully oily, slightly crisp tortilla with a little hoisin (tortilla reminded me of Roberto's and I kept dipping this bad boy in the garlic chili oil concoction that came with the wontons)Spicy Meat Combination - I love pig ear! There's nothing better than gelatinous meat!All in all, China Mama was good but not great... And this was heartbreaking! I SOOO wanted to make this my, "You've gotta try this place!" recommendation to colleagues and friends but I guess I'll have to hold out until I find "the one". You'll get your soup dumpling fix here but don't expect it to be the best you've ever had. Stay classy Las Vegas and thanks for stopping by.
4	Four-and-a-Half Shiny Stars for China Mama Restaurant!  I'm super picky about my Chinese food because many of the restaurants cater to the Western palate.  China Mama is as authentic as it gets!  The restaurant is located off the main Las Vegas strip in a small strip mall.  The restaurant offers Taiwanese and Mainland Chinese food.My table mates were very safe with their food offerings, but I threw in a couple of my favorites.  To start, we had the Mongolian Beef.  I didn't order this, but I'm glad that someone did.  The dish was created with very tender and flavorful beef sauteed with white onions, green onions, and a hint of garlic.  The flavor was outstanding, and I think this was the best Mongolian Beef that I've ever had!   Grade:  A!The second dish was the restaurant favorite, Xiao Long Bao (XLB).  The XLB came out 8 to a serving and was served piping hot.  Each dumpling has a bit of juice in it and it had very strong flavors of ginger.  Delicious and fun to eat.  Grade:  BThe third dish was basil chicken.  Served in a little pot with a gel flame to heat the dish, the chicken was cooked with a soy glaze and heavy hints of basil.  I again didn't order this, but glad that someone did.  The flavors were bold and strong.  Grade:  A-The fourth dish was stir fried green beans.  Typical string beans sauteed with green onions, garlic, and dried shrimp.  It was delicious!   They added additional flavors in this dish that made it taste more savory than the typical way it is presented in other restaurants.  Grade:  B+The fifth dish was the spicy fish hot pot.  This dish can be ordered as non-hot or as bit arsh hot that you can stand it.  We ordered the dish as spicy.  The fish was generous, delicious and hearty.  There was cabbage (napa cabbage) below the fish.  The soup was presented in a soup-oil broth complete with spicy red peppers!  One thing that I missed about this dish was that it didn't have the typical szchuan peppercorns that numb the tongue.   The dish was spicy, but it didn't have the depth that it normally has with the peppercorns.  Grade:  B+Service was great!  There was two main waitresses that worked the 20+ tables.  The younger of the two (daughter?) was very pleasant and allowed me to practice my Chop Suey Chinglish (I tried to speak Taiwanese / Mandarin / Cantonese all at once).  She understood me 100% and I had a good laugh!  The older waitress was a bit more serious!This is a great place ot take family and/or friends.  They have an extensive menu of items (7+ pages of dishes!).Food Grade:  B+/A-Service Grade:  B+/A-Worth the Money Grade:  B/B+Overall Impression:  B+/A-
5	Always my go to place for delicious Chinese food! It's always hard for me to find a place that can make dan dan noodles just right and this place is always spot on! I usually don't go during rush hour but when I do go, the staff is always courteous and attentive. The fact that the staff is also all Chinese and joke and speak Chinese really makes this place feel like home (: every time a friend a craving Chinese food, I always recommend this place first!
4	Great soup dumpling!!  Try the pork stuffed pocket bread. Also, ask for "A" vegetable, not on the menu, but delicious. One of my favorite spots in the city.
4	On my last visit to Las Vegas, I treated my parents to early dinner at China Mama's, based specifically on the reviews on this site. I am always a sucker for great reviews, and certainly appreciate the candor of peoples reviews.I have to say that after having visited China Mama's, I now have found my 'go to' Chinese restaurant everytime I visit Las Vegas. Having been to some of the best Chinese restaurants in San Francisco and NYC, I wouldn't say I am an expert on Chinese cuisine, but will say that I've tasted some wonderful dishes from coast to coast, and what China Mama offers, is almost up there with the finest of the aforementioned cities. As a rule of thumb, whenever I visit a restaurant for the first time, I always chose the 'safe' dishes-- In other words, what you would consider to be the main/staple dishes of the restaurants cuisine. This time around, at China Mama's, I decided to order myself the Shrimp Chow Men with the thick home-made noodles and Sweet & Sour Chicken. My parents ordered themselves the Combination Chow Men with the regular noodles and some Won Ton Soup. I'm assuming the Won Ton soup is already made in a pot they keep warmed up throughout the day, because no later than 10 minutes after we ordered the waitress brought it in a large serving bowl, with small bowls for everyone at our table. I'm not really a fan of Won Ton Soup, but the waitress encouraged me to try it out. I am glad she did. Add some of their home made hot sauce and you have got a super delicious mixture. I wasn't really trying to eat much of it due to it being 110 degrees out, but I have to say, it was extremely tasteful and the flavoring just perfect. As far as the actual Won Tons, at least to me, I didn't find much taste to them. But the flavorful soup more than made up for that.My parents and I were thoroughly impressed at the serving size of our dishes, once the chow meins and sweet and sour chicken came out. Being our first time at this place, we all piggy-backed off each others plates to savor everything we all had ordered. It was far too much food, though. Despite there being three of us, we pretty much had at least 1/3rd of each dish as left overs. Which was great as we got to-go boxes and were able to enjoy the rest back at our strip hotel.Having thoroughly enjoyed our dinner, I will certainly be back to China Mama's my next trip to Vegas and plan on going deeper into their menu to explore other dishes. Good looking out fellow Yelpers!
4	I've been coming here for years. Service is great for both pick-up orders and dine-in. The sizzling seafood soup broth is delicious!
4	Las Vegas is known for the many restaurants owned by famous chefs such as Bobby Flay and Gordon Ramsay but my most recent trip to Las Vegas and California was about discovering Taiwanese food. We had driven past China Mama and I remember thinking that it was a bit of a hokey name and that I probably wouldn't try it based on that. To my surprise, a few days later my sister said that she was going to take me to China Mama for Dandan Noodles. China Mama is in what is considered Chinatown and is a typical Chinese restaurant. There are mainly rectangular tables for 4 and a few round tables to seat larger groups.  The decor is simple. As you walk in the wall at the entrance is full of plaques with reviews and awards won. There are a few chairs at the entrance for a very small waiting area but we were there on a week day for lunch and were seated immediately with no wait time. You can peek into the kitchen as you make your way to the tables and there is some food housed in the refrigerated glass case just outside the kitchen area. China Mama's menu consists of noodles, rice, pastry and a la carte dishes. Noodles were a selection of chow mein, noodles with soup and some not so common items such as Dandan noodles and cold noodles with shredded chicken. The pastry section does not exactly contain what North Americans will call pastry. There is a selection of bread (Chinese style) stuffed with vegetables and or meat; familiar dumplings (boiled or pan fried and won tons and Chinese style pancake. Pancake is dough pan fried. The sweet variety has a layer of bean paste in the middle.The rice dishes are pretty familiar fried rice with different meat and vegetables and the a la carte menu seemed fairly standard aside from offering frog legs. I have to confess I didn't take a thorough look through that section. We ordered Dandan Noodles, Crispy layered pancake, Mama's special pan-fried chive buns, and pork stuffed pocket bread. The crispy layered pancake arrived and I'm not sure what we expected but it was a surprise, it was strands of dough placed in a circle and then pan fried till crispy. Our waiter must have known we didn't know what to do with it so took the time to explain that this dish would be ordered instead of rice to eat with other more savoury dishes. As dessert, the pancake would be sprinkled with sugar. He brought us some sugar so that we could try it as a dessert as well as a savoury. The bread is pretty plain but was excellent dipped in some hot chilli oil or as he suggested sprinkled with sugar. It reminded me a little of East Indian paratha but crispier. It was good dipped in the extra sauce from the Dandan noodles (sans sugar of course).The Dandan noodles arrived in a huge bowl and the waitress came and mixed it all up for us. There was more than enough for two or three people especially when you are ordering other dishes as well. The pork stuffed pockets are a definite must try if you go. Minced pork with Chinese parsley and seasoning stir-fried and then put into pockets of bread which are then pan fried so that the bread is crisp on the outside. It is the same dough as the layered pancake. The chive buns are a little greasy on the outside but look like steamed buns filled with chives and scrambled eggs and then pan fried to crisp up the bottoms of the buns. The photo shows the dish as it first arrived and then there is another photo of the individual bun. The filling of the chive buns were a little on the bland side but we decided that it would go well with the leftover BBQ Roast duck we had at home and they did. The Dandan noodles were al dente with a thick flavourful sauce. There was more than sufficient sauce for the noodles; in fact we were able to boil up some noodles at home to add to our leftover dandan noodles and sauce for a full meal the next day. I'm definitely going back the next time I'm in Las Vegas.Prices are extremely reasonable and wait staff efficient, friendly, and helpful.
4	Food is really good:) a bit pricey but its worth it.Now we keep coming here every 2weeks:)And became one of our favorite place:)
4	First time here and tried green onion pancake --- delicious, nice and crispy. The beef stew noodle soup is really good, you could choose thick or thin or cats ear type noodles, but we chose the traditional one--- it came in a huge serving bowl, which is great for sharing, the beef cuts  are very tender and flavorful.  I also agree with the other yelpers that the beef roll is 'must try'. The only minor thing I don't like is the  jasmine green tea they served--- the jasmine was overpowering for my taste and felt that I'm drinking soap tea, but my daughter likes it. Service is fast and efficient. We also came about 3 PM and the place wasn't so busy at about this time. Worth giving the place another try.
4	Authentic Taiwanese style food. Many of their dishes are prepared fresh. Large portions given the prices. Enjoyed their soup noodle dishes and bok choy.  Though a little underwhelmed with their Shanghai soup dumplings and ambiance. Despite this still one of the better restaurants I've tried in Chinatown.
1	We're are very regular custumers. We like the food here. One thing that really bothers us here are some of the waitresses. Dont know what's wrong with them. They're getting more rude as time goes on. Today we took our 80yr old farther here for early dinner. Told one of the  waitress (who has been working there at least 5 or 6 years) that it seemd very cold at this table since we have elders with us & if we can switch to another table that the air wont blow directly on us,  she raised her voice and said all restaurants in this country are the same, she also said bring extra clothes next time when u r coming here.
4	This place was great. We had just tried Lao Sze Chuan and had come away pretty disappointed..and this place turned out to be so much better.Beef Rolls - Amazing. Very tasty. My fav of the night. The portion (like everything here) is made to share. The sauce was just the right amount of sweetness. The beef was tender and they were generous with the amount. Again, super yummy.Extra Hot and Spicy Chicken - Chicken was nice and crispy but I think the spice level was not as high as it could have been.
2	Food is good,but service is awful. The server even rolled her eyes to me . I don't want to come back again.
4	Yums! This place is reminiscent of the types of dinky but delish Chinese restaurants in LA. The seating area is clean and service is efficient and friendly by Chinese restaruant standards. They serve mainly northern Chinese cuisine here, so get ready for a little spice, some great noodles and dumplings....lots of carbo loading here :)Definitely the Beef Rolls....the beef is tender and flavorful, and the rolls are packed wtih scallions...just the way I like them!
4	We got a bunch of family style plates to share (there were 5 of us) the Orange chicken was great, not fatty at all, the steamed pork buns were juicy and not dry and the combination fried rice was great and not greasy at all. We had a few other things that were pretty tasty too but what I mentioned stood out the most. I was very impressed with this little place and is by far one of my favorite Chinese places that I've been to so far. I like that they serve jasmine tea it's different from the typical green tea that is served most places. The portions are pretty large so it is great for sharing. The staff was helpful and friendly and the pricing was very reasonable!!
4	Items Selected:Beef RollGreen Onion PancakeSteamed Juicy Pork BunsMama's Special Pan Fried Pork BunsSteamed Red Bean BunTea Smoked DuckWalnut PrawnTechnically located on Jones, but just steps from Spring Mountain, China Mama had long been on my 'must visit' list thanks, in part, to strong reviews from several palates I trust.  Every bit an unassuming space, a veritable 'hut' in the lot adjacent Chada Thai, it was on entry that friends were located at a nearby table and with the extensive menu quickly perused under the watchful eye of a server who seemed intent on making sure there was never a moment of pause throughout our 70-minute stay an order was placed - the seven item onslaught soon to begin as the table filled quickly with far too much food for any three people to eat.Beginning with items from the oft-raved "pastry" section before progressing to selections delineated by the origin of their protein, the meal began with Mama's signature Beef Roll and with the pan-kissed noodles stuffed thick with supple beef and light scallions both flavors and textures popped, a similar compliment due to the unctuous  pancake - the poignant flavor profile bolstered by a side of thick hoisin-like sauce that paired beautifully both here and with plate of intensely smoky bone-in duck.Delving next into a steamer of XLB that was a bit light in soup despite excellent sapor from a ball of briny pork it was onward to walnut shrimp that our meal progressed and although occasionally overwhelmed by mayonnaise this version was perhaps the most impressive of the afternoon, a large portion of crisp and sweet crustaceans more than justifying the $18.95 menu price that proved on par with those at Blossom for best I've tasted in Las Vegas to date.More than sated at this point it was almost comical just how large Mama's Special Pan Fried Pork Buns turned out to be, and although some were regrettably packed up as leftovers due to a frank lack of capacity the crispy exterior yielding a pocket of seared pork amidst rich aromatics still enticed me enough to eat three, a steamer of red bean buns intended as 'dessert' picked at simultaneously with subtle sweetness proving an excellent juxtaposition to the brine of the pork while the creamy filling was forgivingly light at the end of a rather substantial meal.No different than many of the eateries surrounding Spring Mountain in terms of scene and service but excelling with regard to the food China Mama is every bit worthy the high praise it has received from persons both local and distant.  Admittedly a bit more expensive than Cathay House or Chang's but far superior to the former and without the dim-sum service issues of the later a large-group exploration of a more extensive swath of the menu seems pertinent.
1	waitress's attitude is awful and they let you queue for long time though they are not busy and the restaurant has empty seats.
4	The good:-  Xiao Long Bao (incredibly juicy and filled with soup, perfectly seasoned)-  Seafood Noodle StewThe cons:-  I hail from LA so the prices were a bit steep for this variety of Chinese cuisine.  Nonetheless, enjoyed my time here.PROTIP:  Make sure to get the wide noodles on any of their noodle dishes.  You won't regret it since they are hand pulled.
1	Poor service. We went therein a group of two and wanted to share a table with a group of three,  we all agreed but they won't let us do it.
3	The food was ok. But the waitresses there are so rude. We sat near the casher counter and we can clearly hear that they were talking about other customers. And the price was not cheap for the food. It is not the best Chinese food in town!
3	Soup dumplings, wrap, and grounded pork are decent but getting smaller and little broth. 8 for $9.99. I was mad they didn't have grated ginger.
4	OK, Mr. Yelp - I came here to look up some info on another restaurant and you asked - nay, urged - me to write a review, and you baited me with my beloved China Mama.  So, here it goes.This place is so good, you'd kick a baby.  You would seriously punt a toddler for a bite of their delicious beef roll.  Some of the best Chinese food in Vegas.How do you like me know, Mr. Yelp?
4	Solid family-friendly Chinese restaurant with friendly staff and good food. It is quite spacious and usually there is no wait (except on holidays). Would definitely recommend to try if you're in the neighborhood for Chinese food.
1	I wish I can give them a 0 star if allowed by yelp.As a group of 6, my friend and I went to this restaurant for dinner.After we sit, one of the waiter was pushing the cart through, and almost hit my friend, and stained her new coat with the grease from unwashed dishes. My friend was suggesting them to be careful, and the waiter was quite impatient and said " such a trivial thing". He was totally disrespectful, and rude to us.My wife came in later and try to pull a chair to sit, and another waitress throw her a comment saying " you can sit on two chairs", implying that she is over-weighted. We were shocked and did not order dinner there and left.Staining a customer's coat might be trivial to the restaurant, but it is never trivial and pleasant for anyone to see the grease and stain all over his/her newly bought down coat of $200.The discriminating language used against my wife is absolutely insulting, and even hostile. I strongly advise everyone to stay away from this restaurant at any cost.
2	Last night, my family and I went here for dinner. When we arrived there, there was a empty dirty table which took the waitress 20 minutes to clean. By the time we arrived at the table, we ordered and the prices are more expensive than what you get in the SGV. The food was good, but the service should improve.
1	This place deserves no stars. We went here after Christmas and couldn't wait to eat the pan fried dumplings. As my party of five walked in the doors I smelled a very strong, awful perfumy smell coming from the bathrooms which are right by the entrance. They do this to try to cover up a sewage smell coming from the restrooms but instead now smells like sewage and bathroom perfume mixed together. We decide to stay but try to get a seat in the back of the restaurant to avoid the smell. They had just opened so it was not busy at all but the two waitresses totally ignored us as we waited to be seated. I walk towards the back of the restaurant to get the waitresses attention when she starts just yelling and pointing "you no sit yourself, you go back there and wait." She yelled making the other two tables of people look up. So very rude. We left and will never come back. Doesn't matter how good your food is, don't treat your customers like crap, we pay your bills.
4	Ordered spicy pig ear, spicy wonton that were fantastic and pork xiao long bao which was average. Clean restaurant and good service. If I lived in Las Vegas I would definitely come here often.
3	The four of us ordered the Xi Hu beef soup, Dry Style Beef Noodle, Seafood Noodle Soup, Steamed Juicy Pork Buns, Orange Chicken and Pork Chow Mein. The total tab came out to about $62.00 and then there was a mandatory tip added to our tab. I thought that was highly unusual for the mandatory tip for such a casual place. Overall, the food and service was good but a little overpriced.
