4	Good Northern quisine. 2 tandoori ovens and pleasant interior. Watch out for the olives in Martina's as they have hot chillis. Surprising in a casino to have such international choices. The staff is okay and service fair. The important thing is the food and it is good.
5	Omg! I wish we had found this restaurant the day we arrived in Vegas!The buffet is under 14$ and the food on the buffet is EXTREMLY FRESH.The chicken tandoori is so delicious , the basmati rice is delicate and had authentic flavors. The naan ( bread) was out of this world.we also had a very fresh salads , and the lentil dish was exquisite.try the sweet rice with fresh fruit ,delicious!Now you should see the decor of this restaurant , it's spacious and luxurious , like an island in the heart of the hotel Rio.It's a greatly non smoking space . Thank god for that!I have to add to my review the EXTREMLY welcoming, warm , attention ate , details oriented service .everyone in this restaurant is an absolute sweetheart.I will defently comeback.
1	This is a Gordon's Hell Kitchen experience.  I came out of this place felt like I was robbed. For over $40 USD per head, we had less than average food (with no favors) and clueless service (they at least got the bill right, though).If you don't believe what I am about to say, just go there and see that the restaurant is 95% empty for dinner, and, even better, go in and have dinner and experience it yourself (be sure to share =)). We made a reservation for dinner on a Saturday of May 2013, thinking the restaurant will be crowded because its Vegas. We checked out the menu before hand, and saw that they have fairly expensive offering - main courses for $25+, vegetarian dishes for $15+, so we had reasonable expectations of a decent meal.  When we arrived at 6:30pm, we see that the restaurant is basically empty. There's only one other table. I felt something was wrong, but then I thought may be it's too early for Vegas and people are not coming in yet (I was wrong!).I was debating the Okra vs. Veg. Biryani, so I asked the waitress what kind of vegetables they have in the Biryani. She said "peas". So, rice and peas for $19.00? What? Is that even a meal? OK, so we ordered the Paneer for Appetizer, Okra and Lamb Curry as main courses, and Nan and rice (which is also rice and peas, but for $9.00).The paneer came, and I know we shouldn't have come. It was basically dry and have very little favor. It tasted more like paper than cheese. When the waitress came with our main course, she blatantly commented that she has no idea who ordered which dish (there were only 3 tables!).  Well, you could have handled that by saying "Lamb?". Obviously its her first day. Though I have to admit she doesn't have many customers to practice her skills.The Okra was extremely sour. I tried very hard to eat as much as I can as we don't have time for another meal due to a scheduled evening show. I think I ate may be 1/3 of the Okra. It was so sour and dry that I can't figure out whether they are rotten for months or someone had washed their feet with the Okra. Then, I tried some of the Lamb Curry from my wife's dish. The meat tasted more like goo, and the source is more like a puree than a curry, it's just the wrong thing. And, for $26 USD you get a small bowl may be 10cm in diameter (not that we would want any more than what we got). The rice was below average (couldn't taste too much of it because of the sour Okra). The Nan was OK, and its the only thing they didn't mess up.In the middle of dinner, another waitress came by with beer and asked if we had ordered beer. We did not - there are like three tables at that time, how can you possibly mess that up? Getting the check was really slow too, but I don't care too much about that. The final bill + tips was over $80.00, which is the most expensive meal we had in Vegas until that point, and the worst we've had in many years. It's simply worse than some of the very average Indian cuisine you can find in California. (We had a $130+ meal the next day at the Eiffel Tower Restaurant which is reasonably worth it).Finally, I have to say this place fits exactly into the definition of Gordon Ramsey's Hell's Kitchen - highly over priced, clueless front of house, food lack of favor, and above all, no customers and hemorrhaging cash. If they don't get a major Ramsey make over, these guys are just going to continue to burn money and close up.  Don't go here!(From some of the other reviews, they may have a decent lunch, but I am not going to try).
2	Just like its name nothing is special about this place. It's in a casino so its overpriced and low quality. There is no wow factor and the buffet is not the world's largest. I would stick to off the strip for Indian. A  fast food indian gourmet with live entertainment and modern deco would have worked better. No signature dishes and the bar is small and hidden and nothing special. I would have made it into bhangara bar with fusion tapas.
3	Went here with a group of friends and the service wasn't great. Food was ok. I don't think I will be coming back here again. The server gave us the wrong check and charged the wrong amount of money on the credit card. Didn't refill water, tea or coke.
1	We went to the $14 (11AM to 4PM) Lunch Buffet.  We had been there twice before for dinner when it was Gaylord and both experiences were quite similar; nice ambiance, good, but overpriced food, lousy service.  So I was excited they were back (same owners, new name) and could do a major affordable chow down and not have to worry about the service because it was a buffet.  Really, what could possibly go wrong?So there we are-nobody to seat us-so I poke my head into the dining area and someone comes and ushers us to a table in a near empty room.  I look around; WOW design fallout!  The Gaylord to India Bistro remodel is more of a demodel. What was once a rather upscale and attractively appointed space has been dehabbed with cheesy booths and a tacky over bright chandelier. Oh well, moving on...The buffet consisted of: Dal Maharani,  Baingan Pakoras (eggplant), Aloo Baingan (think it was potato and eggplant), Palak Paneer,  Basmati Rice, Tandoori Chicken, Chicken Tikka Masala, Chicken Curry, and some expired salad.A little heavy on the chicken and eggplant, but I was still OK with that...until I discovered that every chicken dish was a contender for the food despair jackpot.  The one commonality they all shared was their Styrofoam taste and consistency.  It was the worst rice I have ever had and we debated if it was old or undercooked, settling on the notion that it was probably both.  Everything else pretty much sucked as well.  There are people starving in (fill in the blank) and they would probably choose hunger over that buffet.  The only plus:Our server kept us attentively stocked with the only palatable things we had:Garlic Naan & water.
5	Joined a few friends who enjoy this place. It was recently remodeled so had a fresh look. We sat towards the back where we could look out to the pool of the RIO. Service was quick and friendly. We ordered a variety of items. I enjoyed the Tandoori items along with the Naan. My friends had some Vegetable and Chicken curries that they raved about. Would love to try this place again on my next visit.
1	Worst experience I have ever had in a casino. My sister and I had read about this place in the Weekly and were excited to go. My sister has a nut allergy and has had issues at other local Indian restaurants so I made sure to ask several times what had nuts and what did not, I was told nothing had nuts. As soon as she took the first bite she could tell something was wrong. I called our waitress over and asked again about nuts, I took them about 10 minutes to figure out what had nuts by which point I had already run to the gift shop for emergency Benadryl. The server told her she could try something else to eat and that the only thing on the buffet with nuts was what she had eaten. She was clearly too sick to eat so I informed the staff that we would be leaving. At this point the staff brought me the bill for my buffet, despite the fact that my plate was still full. I will never again patronize this restaurant and plan to call a manager as well.
2	Very average Indian food. Their daal is good and the naan is delicious. It's absolutely fresh, crispy and is full of flavor. Everything else on the menu was a miss for me. Lacked flavors! The service is good and the place looks renovated and new.  The deserts are served cold but if u request them they will be happy to heat up the gulab jamun and halwa.If you are really craving Indian food and want to give it a shot try their buffet. I will definitely not recommend this place for dinner. Save ur money. The buffet is $14 + tax +tip and all you can eat!
3	The lunch buffet is ok. The tandoori chicken, chicken tikka masala and naan are good. The rest of the buffet was either dying in the chafing dish or not very appetizing. The yogurt curry was sour, the saag was desiccated and the salad looked a bit on the dead side. But for $14.95 in Vegas, having enough good dishes to fill you up is passable.
5	I am an avid follower of Northern Indian food and I am quite comfortable knowing how Indian food should taste. I have not found anywhere better on the West Coast for Indian food besides Royal India Bistro. Their naan is preciously cooked along with the Tandori chicken. Spices are accurate and not overdone. There is generous sampling of all meats in all dishes. I love the remodel in that the tables and booths are comfortable. The place is very clean, service is attentive, and I would take the chance to eat there at any time I could. I cannot recommend this place enough!
3	The wooden elephants in the middle of a casino sure beckon your indulgence for Indian food.  Me and a friend of mine from LA, went there. The place is not for the someone looking for a cheap Chinese buffet where you need a food taster on a retainer, to see you will survive the ordeal.  Almost all the Chinese restaurants in Vegas are filthy and dirty rat holes except for the Panda express outlets, exposed on a daily basis, by Chanel 13 TV. They are swarming with cockroaches (I saw one was as big as King Kong, sitting cross legged.on an easy chair ) The meat  is not brought at traditional butcher or reputable supply houses or suppliers, but from unknown sources and no one has any idea which animal it came from. Then the illegal Chinese workers live in the kitchen and bathe in the kitchen and they also double as cooks, dishwashers and cleaning staff and they are closed for cleaning one day a year. A disability and life insurance is a good thing before eating in there. The only word they speak is "Enjoy" which sounds like an order to be complied.. if not the fortune cookie will have even sterner message in broken English,.In this restaurant, I prefer to order fish Kabob, since they are more North Indian than South. The kabob is a dry item and the cooking process removes any kind of fish aroma.. I suggested this to my friend who devoured this so much he came back with his family few months later and ate to the hearts content.The food is fresh and healthy and you have to know what to order, not to mention you are paying three times the price for the luxury of dining inside a casino and the overhead is three time higher than a strip joint. The chicken pakora is another delicacy that is perfect as an appetizer when you are relaxing with a chilled red wine. The place was called Gaylord before and the decoration was awful and the newer remodeling is nothing to brag about. The eatery is too well lighted for my tastes and loses the romantic appeal that you seek when you are paying this kind of money but the fish kabob is just out of this world.Other dry items i like is the tandoori assortment with fish, chicken and shrimp of course the mango kulfi and pistachio kulfi  that is delectable if served like an ice cream not like a hard cake.
2	I went in here with a friend for their lunch buffet. It's definitely got very good ambiance and location. Everything's a bit fancier than the usual Indian place. Fancy ceilings, plush carpet, cute buffet setup, comfy booths. But the buffet fare was definitely lacking a bit of excitement. They only had a limited variety and I go to many indian lunch buffets, so I know the standard options. But this place didn't have paneer! or Korma! However, they carried carrot pudding so that was something to point out. Drier than usual but it was still pretty good. The servers were very nice but also very forgetful, maybe she was new but her attitude about everything was very pleasant. I wouldn't come here again but was glad to have tried out another Indian joint.
5	What a great find at the Rio Hotel. Not a fan of buffets. Atmosphere was wonderful; didn't hear the slot machines. Quite, elegant atmosphere. Service was warm and friendly. Genuine. Food was more than adequate. Friend and I could have split the meal sampler. Couldn't finish all the wonderful dishes. They didn't all taste the same. Great spices and fresh. Next time in LV, a definite go again.
5	Visited Royal India Bistro an hour ago with my girlfriend and wanted to give this restaurant a review straight away.Our host Rahul was really polite and helpful, the service too is impeccable! .The chef cooked a dish for me that wasn't on the menu and it came out fantastic. Ive visited a handful of Indian Restaurants in Vegas and this is the best so far. Thank you for our wonderful meal!
5	Formerly known as Gaylord, Royal India Bistro can be found in the exact same place as it was before inside the Rio Casino. With the same owner and almost the same menu, the interior of this place is now more sophisticated, plush and cozy with spacious booths lining around the walls of the restaurant. I remembered fondly from my past visits, as this was my favorite Indian restaurant in Las Vegas, the delicious and creamy "korma" entrees. Be it chicken, lamb, or vegetable, korma is always amazing on top of fluffy basmati rice. There is no words to describe the taste and the feeling of the first few spoonful of lamb korma and rice. Really, you just have to experience it. Indian food just isn't the same after tasting this item because you'll want to come back, again and again, for more of this delicious and heavenly korma curry. I don't know if I can ever order anything else on the menu here - I'm too spoiled by this item and I'll just want what I love, over and over again. Sure, they have really great curry and chicken tandoori, creamy spinach, cauliflower and carrots. But addiction has its limit as my tummy is only limited in space. THE items to get here, if you ever come here, is the korma (lamb, chicken or vegetable), creamy spinach and cauliflower. Trust me. You will not be disappointed. This has to be the BEST Indian restaurant in Las Vegas. That is all.
4	I read other people's reviews on here and was kind of concerned. I wanted to eat here for years and never have until last night. I decided to ignore the reviews because people have such different opinions and it was also recommended by one of the chef's at my school. I have eaten at many Indian places and I must say that I was surprised the food was great! I have great service and the atmosphere was also great. As far as the prices, I can see them being a bit higher than some other Indian restaurants but keep in mind, ANY restaurant in a casino will be more expensive. Even McDonald's in a casino will cost more for food than off the strip due to the high rent. I went in for dinner and I was very happy with what I ordered and I would totally try them again. $14 for lunch is actually a good deal and I wasn't aware of that until I went in. I will probably go back later in the week to check out the lunch buffet but otherwise  I really had no complaints. I recommend people try this out for themselves to judge. I am glad I did!
1	Eating here was a terrible experience. The food was okay, but the service was a nightmare. We only had 7 people in our party, but they acted like we were an unwieldy large group. They forgot some of our dishes and beverages, even after being reminded several times. The management was rude when we tried to address the problem. Additionally, the plain rice is outrageously expensive and they tricked us into ordering far more than we needed. Save yourself the headache and find somewhere else to eat.
4	This was an surprisingly excellent meal.  The Rio is not the nicest casino in Las Vegas, but I will be back for this restaurant.  Not only is it clean and quiet (closed off from the Casino), but the staff was helpful and the food was superb.  They were very accommodating when we asked about vegan options.  It was a nice respite from the chaos of Las Vegas.
4	Wow!  Stopped by for lunch on a fluke. Very nice decor, excellent food!!  Good buffet. Best part is the place was not crowded, no one knows about it!!  It was closed for a while first time I've been in for 10-15 years.
5	Just had dinner. Service was great and staff was friendly. My hubby had the non vegetarian complete dinner and I had the Chicken Tikka Masala, and it did not disappoint.
3	I'm not against Indian food, but given choices, I rarely put it on the top of my list.  For some reason, when I checked out this place, I decided to give it a try.  I thought it was good, not great.  The atmosphere was elegant so I was concerned I was dressed too casually, but noticed other people were dressed like me.  I enjoyed my meal, but like most India food, it not something that I crave for again.
3	We recently went there for dinner...The ambiance is good..its inside Rio casino...The food was pretty average...sarso da sag was good...Naan was good...other stuff was average...Honestly did not like samosas..fount it very greasy and stuffing was not great too....gajar halwa was tasty...over all very average food..but it was pricey though....you might wanna try buffet first. good luck
4	the food and ambiance...fantastic. I ordered my food spicy...and boy was it ever, on my return visit I'll go mild :-)
4	This place is super fancy Indian with prices to match. BUT that being said the food was incredibly delicious and the service was great. We went in with the $40-$20 groupon and still paid $58 and did not have anything but water to drink. I would recommend this place is you have an xtra $100 for really good Indian...
3	Try it out.
4	This place has gr8 food, service and ambience.  Hearty vegetarian as well as meat dishes.  Pricey because of prime location but you get nice portions and a classy place.  Buffet is first rate too.  Try the okra Marsala or any lamb dish.
5	After a horribly disappointing week of dining we found this gem tucked away inside the rio we arrived just in time for the lunch buffet it was the food highlight of our trip! Everything was full of flavor and wonderfully prepared! The staff was amazingly friendly can't wait to go back our next trip to Vegas!
4	Nice quiet spot in the Rio. Very affordable lunch buffet with sufficient selection. A great lunch option if you are looking for an alternative to the hectic atmosphere.
4	I've only had Indian food a handful of times in my life but this place was good. I don't have anything bad to say about it. For appetizers the Garlic Naan Bread, Bhaji onion ring type dish and the Vegetable Samsoa are all worth getting.  For main courses the Chicken Tikka Masala & Shrimp Vindaloo were both very good too.  I would have to try some other places before I could compare it but I definitely recommend trying this place for yourself.  Service & Food both solid.
1	Very bad experience at Royal. Indian food is one of my favorites and I was very excited to find a semi-upscale Indian restaurant in a Vegas casino, but what a disappointment. I think we might have made a mistake going for dinner though. In my experience, Indian restaurants are typically better for the lunch buffet.1. Service- I'm not really sure whether to complain about service or not. We were not really ignored, but at the time we were the only ones in the restaurant so not that hard. I also felt like the wait staff was trying to push me to spend more money the whole time. They asked if I wanted an appetizer 3 times, asked if I wanted a bottle of wine rather than a glass a couple times, asked if I wanted to add sides or extra bread and weren't clear if they would be extra charge. Just slightly annoying. Also my entree was pretty spicy and they kept letting my water go empty (again, we were the only ones there)2. Food-  I ordered the goat masala, which was one of the 3 or 4 items under the menu section "specialties". When I see this in a restaurant I usually assume they mean these are their best dishes, the ones they are known for. The rice was pretty good. Its pretty hard to mess up rice. The naan bread was also pretty good. The sauce was a little spicier than I expected, but I liked it (and they did offer a milder version). The problem was the meat. I've never had goat before, but there has to be a better cut than what we were served (my dad got the same thing as me). It was some of the toughest meat I've ever had, and there were maybe 2 or 3 bites that were free of fat or gristle. The pieces all had a big bone in the middle and smaller bones throughout. I kept accidentally biting down on them and hurting my teeth. The masala also had no vegetables in it just meat and sauce which was disappointing, to me at least.The worst of it though was how I felt afterwards. I don't want to say that it made me sick, but I spent a considerable amount of time late that night and the next day on the toilet, and I wasn't hungry the whole next day.3. Price- The reason this place is getting the worst possible score. For two people, one glass of wine each and then water the rest of the time, entree with no appetizer, no desert it was $83.00. Add a 15% tip and you are getting close to $100. I am used to paying that kind of money to eat on the strip, but I expect a certain level of quality and service for that price, and it was not met here.Bottom line is that I am not going back and I would not recommend it to anyone. At least stay way from the goat.
4	They had lots of selections so I really didn't have to try everything. I liked most of the dishes I tried.
2	I came here due to a groupon deal and it was overall just not that great. The decor is very nice and elegant but not reflective of the quality of food. The stand out items were the chicken wings and tikka masala.  The naan bread was too firm and just not fresh. The price to food quality ratio is not worth going. The venue is designated to cater to tourists and casino guests.
5	This is hands down the best masala sauce I've ever had, anywhere, period! The people are beautifully friendly and the number of vegan choices available is fantastic! I'll stop here every time I come thru town
3	I went to the Royal India Bistro for the lunch buffet today.  Lunch was very good and service was excellent. I was the first person here at about 11:30 but several tables were occupied before I left.  The server asked me for my drink order.  I got tap water which.  She then said they had a buffet and I replied that was the reason I was there.  She gestured for me to go ahead and start and she'd get my naan.The buffet is small by comparison to other Indian buffets in town.  There are 8 hot dishes, some salad, and achaar.  It was a good enough choice and the good taste of the food made up for the limited selection.The naan was buttered generously and was a welcome addition to the meal.For my first trip, I got chicken tikka masala, malai kofta, and some basmati rice.  The thing I noticed about all of their dishes was they all had a nice spicy flavor.  It's not overpowering for people who like mild food but it had a definite tang and it was not just one dish but all of them.  It was the first time I know that I had malai kofta and it was really a treat!  The last thing was the vegetable pakora.  This was a bit disappointing.  I didn't read the full description because I know what it is.  The only vegetable I could see/taste was potato.  It seemed more like it was a pakora made from bread stuffing and some potato.For the second plate, I had aloo matar, daal maharani, and curry chicken.  The aloo matar and curry chicken were good.  The daal was OK.  The sign said spicy lentils but this was the only dish that was lacking in spice.  There were some beans mixed in the daal, too.For dessert I got some rice pudding and some carrot pudding.  The rice pudding was not labeled as kheer and it had a lot of liquid with less rice unlike kheer or rice puddings I've had before.  The carrot pudding, on the other hand, was very thick and unlike the carrot puddings I've had elsewhere.  Both puddings were very good--I'm not criticizing them but merely pointing out the different preparation.  I wish I had seen the achaar at the beginning of my meal.  I didn't think it would be as tasty with dessert!Service as I said was very good.  When I went for my second plate, my dirty plate was removed and my water glass refilled.  The server was very pleasant.  The room is quite nice and it was very quiet.  The price is just over $16 including tax.  For the limited selection, it's higher than most places.  Also, you have to park and walk your way through the casino to get there and it's right in the middle, halfway between either garage.Still, I won't hesitate to stop here and I think I'll try it for dinner some evening.
5	Ah-mazing food! Nice and spicy (by request). Everything was perfect -- food, service, spot on! We WILL be back. It's worth a trip over to the Rio even if you're staying somewhere else! Fabby was fabulous -- great service!
5	Our waitress, Jazmin, was fabulous. She made some great suggestions after listening carefully to us about what we liked.We had the fire naan, lamb rogan josh, and the vegetable korma. Let's just say that we stuffed ourselves with fantastic tasting food. If you are wondering where this restaurant is, you will find it in the Rio casino area.
2	The food is below average, especially the tandoori chicken. The prices are outrageous for Indian food and things that are usually included, such as chutneys, cost a few dollars. A small bowl of rice is $9, which is an excessive mark up.TLDR: The food is below average, but the prices are extraordinary.
2	The food here was pretty standard Indian food. There were some interesting flavors I couldn't identify in one of the dips, so that was cool.The service here was bad (or way too good depending on your point of view). We came to relax and have a birthday dinner. Our waiter promptly asked us if we were ready to order and we said we needed some time to look over the menus (there were 3).About a minute later the waiter was back asking if we were ready to order, so fine, we picked out some drinks.About a minute after that (before the drinks even arrived) the waiter was back asking if we were ready to order. I was getting annoyed, but I explained that we were here to relax and have a nice dinner so we need some time to look over the menus. He seemed to understand.About two minutes after that a runner brought over our drinks and our waiter walked over right away to ask how our drinks were (they weren't even on the table yet) and whether we were ready to order. No, we are not ready to order - I mean our menus weren't even opened. Of course we're not ready!This time he gave us nearly 5 minutes and I had managed to open one of the menus, but sure enough, right back at the table asking if we're ready to order. I just picked something so he would leave us alone.It took maybe 5 minutes for our food to come out. Holy shit that's quick! We took our time eating as we would in any restaurant (10-15 minutes) and I swear as I was putting the last bite in my mouth the waiter was back at the table asking if he could take my plate. He returned momentarily to take the second plate and already had a check in his hand ...but we were going to order dessert.Obviously annoyed, he gave us a dessert menu and was back at the table 2 minutes later to take the dessert order. Dessert came out in probably 3 minutes along with another check.I couldn't even enjoy the food because I felt we were in some kind of race. If NASCAR ever opens themed restaurants, you may want to interview the staff at this place cause they are as fast as they come.
5	Loved this place.We had lunch for two, at $15 each it was very reasonable for Las Vegas prices. Quit, tasteful and tasty, I wish I could eat more!
5	Great food, great service. Try the Lamb Rogan Josh if you want something you won't find anywhere else.
5	I came here to satisfy my craving for Indian food and not only was I taken back by the decor, but also the quiet peaceful atmosphere. The food of coarse was the best part. They made it according to my spice level which is great because Indian food can be spicy. Over all it was wonderful experience and I would love to come back and bring my friends and family.
1	First off, the one star is a reflection upon food quality and taste. The service was okay and the server was nice.The food presentation was good (please see pictures). The food looked appetizing but failed to have any taste.We had the players that are recommended for first timers as we wanted to sample the variety of foods they had. It was bland and and lacked true flavoring of Indian cuisine. I was really disappointed with their lassi despite of ordering a sweet lassi it was salty and the herbs overpowered the drink.The food was overpriced. I don't think I would come back unless they change the cook and make proper lassi. Bottom line: A tourist attraction with iron elephants in the front to trick you into going in. Not worth the price.
3	Lamb dish for $24, two vegetable samosas for $7, veggie biryani $19 on lunch menu This I have say was quite pricey. The restaurant was inside Rio Hotel & Casino and I could understand why, the ambiance was elegant. We were there during prime lunch time and there was just one table of customers leaving. They had buffet for $14. I saw the waiter went to the buffet to get the lamb dish I ordered from the menu, he went back to the kitchen and came out after 6mins or so. When I got the bill, 20% was added for gratuity and it was just my father and I, and he should have let us know. I am well-travelled and well-dined and well aware of the tipping etiquette.  however I didn't question the waiter because the food in my opinion were good. I am not sure if I will came back due to the two reasons I mentioned.
2	The food was pretty tasty, but they are HORRIBLE about upselling, eg I ordered an entree and they asked "And would you like plain rice or vegetable rice?" Without mentioning that it's a separate charge. We thought that we ordered two entrees for $25 each; we ended up paying $95 with all the extras they tagged on. Seriously uncool.
4	enjoy eating here every time I stay at the Rio. the mango lassi is fresh & the best I have ever had. the lunch buffet is always fresh and many options. the food is excellent in taste and great salad options. restaurant has nice decor.
5	Sat at the bar and was taken care of by Fabiola..  service, food and atmosphere were terrific!   If you love Indian food, you will be happy here.
1	After seeing the pictures on yelp I finally tried there lunch buffet which was a big disappointment, being from India I know exactly what indian  food taste like, I was surprised when they said rice was basmati when it wasn't Basmati is along rice grain where as sona masoori Is regular rice, Tandoori chicken was dry its suppose to be juicy in spite of being barbequed ... well buffet for 2 costed us $50.00 which included a flat bottle of sparkling water ... I gave them one star because of the naan which was excellent
1	This place is a complete rip=off! The prices are way over priced for this place and type of food. The food was just average in my opinion and my girlfriends opinion. I can't believe that no sides are included with the main entrees and so any side dish you order like rice or bread is over $20 dollars each. The service was okay but it was very difficult understanding our waiter's communication over his heavy accent. A huge disappointment were a drunk group at the table next to ours screaming obscenities the entire time while belching out loud with disregard to the patrons around them. The staff did nothing despite observing their behavior. Never will I go there again. You should stay away as well.
5	Way beyond my expectation, if you like Indian food, you've to get your butt over here!
