5	This is a very good Vietnamese restaurant and it's located just 2 miles off the strip. I was craving a Vietnamese sandwich while vacationing in Vegas (can't help it, I love them) and my family came across this lovely restaurant. They have a huge selection of sandwiches and other dishes. Of course I ordered the Steamed Pork sandwich; it was the BEST Vietnamese sandwich I've ever had, no joke (I had the sandwich twice during my week stay). They filled it with plenty of meat and vegetables and they even bake their own bread! It had a lot of taste and their pate (some sort of meat spread, pronounced "pat-tay") wasn't bland. My family also enjoyed their meals; my sister loved her grilled pork with rice because it had delicious flavor.The restaurant itself was pretty big, but I think a lot of people order to go as I kept seeing people walk in and out with goodies. I wish they had a sister store in California. Why when I finally find a place I like does it have to be so far? I guess that gives me another reason to go to Vegas! I will definitely return here again!
5	Totally agree with the rest of rev-s. Atmosphere is probably not the best (in terms of ambiance) but food is a great and worth the money spent. I often get their $3 sandwiches when I go skiing or hiking.
4	Pho Thanh Huong Restaurant isn't located in the best area - but it's worth going by anyway because they have some pretty good stuff there!My favorite is the Banh Cuon Nem Chua Cha Lua $7.99 (Rolled rice cakes served with pickled pork ball and steamed pork.)  It's so tasty, especially when you dip it in the accompanying fish sauce concoction.  I actually find myself craving it, and to me, that's a good sign!They have Banh Mi (Vietnamese sandwiches) for $2.75, which is a steal! I have yet to try their version, but you'll probably find us here grabbing a couple to go the next time we have a flight out.The BF loves their Ca Phe Sua Da $3.23 (Vietnamese Iced Coffee with Milk).  They don't have it brewing at your table though like other Vietnamese restaurants.  It'll come in a plastic to go container with shaved ice, but it's pretty creamy.  Apparently they do more than use that Cafe Du Monde coffee to make theirs.  (We asked!)Their Guyabano Shake (with or without Pearls) $3.49 is pretty yummy too.They do have your standard pho noodle soups and grilled pork chops, but also some unique things like pork blood in rice porridge or vermicelli noodles served with escargots.Service is nothing to rave about.  It's pretty slow there.  The times we went, there was only one person manning the register, making beverages, cleaning the tables, and bringing the food out.  (There's someone else in the kitchen making the food though.)  So, don't come here if you're in a rush, unless you want it to go.Overall, come to Pho Thanh Huong for some decent Vietnamese food that won't break the budget.
4	My server did not speak English.  There was no A/C.  But holy crap this place serves some damn good pho!   Completely off-strip location in a random strip mall.  Dirt cheap Alhambra-esque pricing.Bring a towel to wipe your sweat and $6 in your pocket.  What a find.
4	4.5 stars!!!What this place lacks in decor and location it more than makes up for with great Vietnamese food and helpful service.I came the 3 miles from my hotel to satisfy my yearning for noodle soup (after reading about this spot on Yelp). Even though I arrived after it was closing they served me my Mi Tom Cua (squid, prawn, crabstick and egg noodle) without complaints. Also they let me order a take-out pork sandwich. All for $12. I loved the fragrant tea so much I bought a pound of it too. Even though I only wanted 1/2lb I didn't make a fuss as the family was so nice.Come here and try the beef pho (i don't eat much beef so I skipped it) as it looks like the best!
4	Food: 4 starsService: 3 starsPrice: 5 starsThis vietnamese noodle shop is located in a not-so-good looking plaza. They have a huge selection of noodle soup, sandwiches, and rice dishes. Don't expect to have any service. In fact, you may have to go get your own menu because sometimes there is no one in the front end... may be they like to hide in the kitchen?!We had lunch here twice within one week. We've tried Bun Bo Hue $7.49 (tender slices of beef, garnished with fried onions and mixed veggie in a spicy hue-style round noodle beef soup), Bun Rieu $6.49 (vermicelli rice noodle served with tofu, tomatoes, and mixed veggie in a fine shrimp and crab paste soup), Com Ca Hai Nam $7.99 (steamed Hoi-nan chicken with rice and ginger sauce), Bun Rieu Oc $6.99 (vermicelli rice noodle served with escaargots, tofu, tomatoes, and mixed veggie in a fine shrimp and crab paste soup), Vietnamese ice coffee with milk $3.23. All the noodle soup were yummy. The chicken with rice dish was quite bad - not the correct way to make Hoi-nan chicken and the meat was very old... but the rice was good. Overall, I think it worth a try especially if you like noodle soup!
4	last stop on the food tour !!  i missed a foodie gathering last nite at this place - i'm still pissed about that.  But i am driving by and  what better time than now ?!?!?No pho , it's all about the banh mi !! I was assured they cook their own bread so i was getting fired up !  i walked in - there it is a huge oven - looks like a walk-in fridge - it's huge !all the banh mi $2.75 ( still slightly higher than the so cal / m. park places but that's ok ! )ordered the #1 grilled pork and the #2 ham/steamed pork/pate.  i watched them prepare - decent sized roll - thrown into a microwave ?!?! wtf !!  are you kiddin' me ? I'm feeling a little down .  I see the veggies - daikon, carrots, cilantro, etc - good.  Looks like the pate is pre-sliced ( not from a can - at least i don't think so ) i didn't see the ham.  the pork looked good.  rolled it up in paper the standard small rubberband - i'm on the road - gotta get home - SOON !while driving - the smells - catfish, pupusa, banh mi - F IT !  i rip open the grilled pork banh mi - that's a big roll !  i can't believe i'm saying this -  crunchy outside so light, airy inside - delicious ( thought for sure the micro was gonna f-it up ! )  and the pork  - very, very good ! maybe a touch to much pepper but people, the flavors from the cilantro, the pork, the daikon, the pepper, Lord let there be banh mi's in heaven !! ( then again, can i be there too ?!?! ) i gotta hit nhu lan again on the westside to give them another chance, otherwise this is my new vegas banh mi stop !!
4	Like I said, I knew I would be back to try their Banh Mi (Vietnamese sandwiches) on my next flight out.  The BF and I grabbed three sandwiches to share and what a great deal it was.They have their own ovens back there to bake their own French bread, which makes these sandwiches even more ideal!  We got the recommended #1 Grilled Pork (Banh mi Thit Nuong) with pate added as well as the #13 Grilled Chicken with Pate (Banh mi Pate Ga).Both sandwiches were so good, great flavor and a nice heat from the jalapenos.  What a steal for three sandwiches for $10!  Definitely the place to go to grab some banh mi for the road!Update! (09/02/10)Stick to the sandwiches and maybe the pho - don't try the Hainan chicken rice dish.  It was VERY dry, probably among the worst I've had!  It was old and definitely not something theyspecialize in!
4	Soild Pho and Vermecelli. Dont expect much in terms of service you are lucky if they take your order within 10 minutes of sitting down but the food speaks for itself and I enjoy this place for lunch when in Las Vegas.
5	It took us a while to find this place but man was it worth it when we found it.  Their broken rice was spectacular.  I had the broken rice with pork steak, Vietnamese sausage, and tofu wrap shrimp cake.  The sausage was average but everything else was delicious; the pork steak and tofu wrap shrimp cake were the best I've had at any Vietnamese restaurant.  I'll be back next time...and bringing even more friends.  Check this place out when you're free, it's better than a lot of the crap they call food on the strip.  It's cheap price and yet delectable at the same time.
5	All we had here was the sandwiches.  They were very delicious, we all had fancy pork and fried egg.  I still crave about them.
4	Been here twice, satisfied both times. I've had pho dozens of times, but never  Pho Tai Sate, which is pho tai with a spicy broth -- spicy deliciousness! Also the Vietnamese sandwiches or Banh mi were fresh and tasty. Banh mi usually cost around $2 and, like a Vietnamese version of the Po'boy, don't always have the freshest ingredients (at least in my experience). But the bread was toasted to perfection -- crispy on the outside and soft on the inside -- and everything inside was solid, too. My next trip I had the fresh spring rolls, which didn't disappoint, and a combo Bun (vermicelli noodles) with pork, shrimp, and egg roll. The pork was perfect, but the egg roll was so-so and the shrimp nothing to write home about. But oerall, a definite keeper.
4	Well worth a 3/4 mile walk down Tropicana this evening.  First, the negatives, because they are minor and few:  the decor is nothing to write home about--clashing colors and some dusty silk orchids in a neglected corner.  The server was a little hurried, but not unbearably so.  Now, the positives:  interesting selection, really great noodle soup, generous portions, good prices.  I had a mixed seafood (squid, shrimp, faux crab, fish balls) noodle soup and a mango pearl shake.  Everything was fresh-tasting and appealing.   I'll definitely return to try the sandwiches another time.I've returned once, no change in rating.   I had a bowl with shrimp cakes, pork, vegetables and noodles.  I also had a taro pearl shake.  Everything was tasty.  Taro pearl shakes are mild and a little sweet (just enough), and a strange color lavender.  I like lavender-colored food because it just looks WRONG, and I find "wrong" appeals to my anarchic side.
4	SOLID.I went here twice in two days-- the first time because I was curious, the second time was because some old dude was monopolizing the only computer available in the hotel and I didn't want to waste half my life trying to bumble around Yelp on my BlackBerry; I was HONGRY. There's a guy who works here who has a bum eye; it points up to the ceiling and is milky-colored.  My mom thought he should wear an eyepatch because it is kind of morbid, but I love that kind of stuff; that's just local flavor, and I far prefer that kind of freakshow than to the one you find on the strip. Excellent broth, fresh herbal woogie platter, enough meat, enough noodles, good broth-to-stuff ratio.  I was going to try the banh mi but I loved the pho too much; perhaps the next time I'm out in LV.  To know that this place is here, makes me feel like the world is not such a cruel place.
4	I love you, Pho Thanh Huong.  I can't pronounce your name, so I call you "That sandwich place at school."  The prices are perfect, the sandwiches are incredible (My criterion for good food is that I lay up at night in bed sometimes and want it.  This has happened a few times already.)The decor is really much better than it was, and there is AC now, with a few portable (and quiet) units.  The service is quick when you do sit-down, and they're nice enough people, but of course they're not 5-star-restaurant material.  Highly recommended, get #1, it's the most flavorful.  The best thing to do when going with someone is to share a pho (which ever one you like) and a sandwich each.  That way you avoid over-ordering.  This will probably run you about $12.  A great local place, so good, and so cheap, you could eat here every day!  (Or I could.)  (if I wasn't a broke college student).
3	The sandwiches here are unbeatable. I love the bbq pork one. It's a classical. However the service here is terrible. If you come across the lady that works there just make sure that she really does get your order right. I once ordered to go and she gave me the wrong sandwich though she asked me 3 times and I kept repeating myself. But I have seen her on many other occasions doing the same thing to other customers as well. The easiest would be to just write down the number you want on a piece of paper and handle it over to her. Otherwise she still will not get it! I have seen her also talking on the phone to a friend or family member while customers were waiting and she just did not care. On another occasion we ordered some sandwiches and wanted to eat it in. The counter person asked us to place the order with the waitress and the waitress referred us back to the counter. It went back and forth before I started to complain. We could not believe it. It was ridiculous. The sandwiches here are great, all other dishes are very mediocre but the service is the worst..
5	Did not have the sandwiches. However, my party ordered a few Phos and some rice plates. All came out well. The grilled pork and baked eggs were especially tasty.
4	Best Pho and Viet sandwiches in Vegas! Reminds me of all the delicious places in the Bay Area. The soup has a solid flavorful broth, and they don't skimp on the meat or noodles. The sandwiches are large and filling.
4	Located within a dumpy strip mall across from UNLV, I find myself coming here all the time, and picking up 5 banh mi sandwiches for carryout for $15 total.  The sandwiches are great - I put them in the over to toast up the bread a little and it's absolutely delicious.  It's one of my regular places as a Las Vegas local.  I have had banh mi in many places, including California and Virginia, which have vibrant Vietnamese communities.  Oddly, the best one out of all of them thus far is here in Vegas.  The bread is fresh and had a nice chewiness to it; the grilled pork sandwiches have pork that don't have too much gristle, and the sandwiches use good vegetables.  The other inferior places I've been to have meager portions of meat, or cost $3.50 and upwards per sandwich, or had bread that I wasn't particularly fond of.  I did have pho there once, and was disappointed by it; I go to Pho Saigon 8 up on Spring Mountain for my pho needs, but will often come here after a meal there for sandwiches to eat during the course of the week.  I put in my order, and go to the Vons in the same strip mall to finish up some shopping (it's an incredibly ghetto Vons).  The decor is pretty lousy, though they have a flat screen tv up.  The service is spotty though I've been there enough times that they recognize me; they're not rude, but they aren't necessarily on top of everything.Cleanliness is average.  The banh mi is prepared in the open area in direct view of anyone, which I like since it can help keep a kitchen honest.  Value is solid because of the high quality of banh mi and reasonable prices.  As said by others, you'll be best off if you stick with the sandwiches.Also, avoid the place during UNLV basketball games, cheapskates come out here to park rather than parking at the arena and it makes the entire lot a zoo.
4	4.5 Stars.WOW. What can I say, in cities with a plethora of vietnamese restaurants like Dallas or Houston, this is actually better than most that I have been to. The dishes are a little bit more expensive than the ones around here, but the quality makes it worth it. I was skeptical at first, but after the first bite, I wish this restaurant would replace several around the dallas area.Grilled pork chops with rice and a fried egg, Beef ribs with rice, and a large bowl of Pho. Everything ordered was very tasty and I would order again without hesitation. Also tried a grilled pork and pate sandwich of also great tasting. I even drank the broth soup till it was all gone. Another place I am hitting again when I am back in Vegas. Thank you Yelpers. =)
4	Loves iti dont know where to startthe people running the place are the same ones serving you and they are nice and accomodatingthe food- fresh, delicious and cheapi had a huge bowl of noodles for dinner $8 and i was stuffedthe next morning before heading out of town we got sandwiches to go each one $3 and once again soooo satisfiedthis was two weekends ago and im going to vegas again this weekend and i will be visiting this place again and bringing friends!
2	I got their Pho with Beef Balls and I threw it all up. Only because I was hungover but seriously, the soup they use here is disgusting! It's just like sea water, salt water, salt + water, salty salty salty!! The lady who served us was a beezy too...here's why (remember that I'm hungover and don't want to be bothered)Lady: What would you likeMe: #6 small pleaseLady: SMALL? WHY GET SMALL WHEN LARGE IS 75 CENTS MOREMe: Because I want a small.Lady: 75 CENTS!Me: NO. NUMBER SIX SMALL. After that, she didn't bother to harass anyone else who ordered small bowls of Pho at the table. According to my friend, the fried egg rolls were not fried fresh and the spring rolls were just OKAY. I do have to admit, they make mean Vietnamese sandwiches though. They gave us one too many and I ended up with a #1 which was some kinda grilled pork sandwich. It was tasty. Come here for their sammys, NOT their pho or egg rolls.
4	Followed the reviews on Yelp, we had lunch here as an exotic explore. I had the BBQ dried Pho and it was well flavored; my BF had Beef soup Pho(pic. menu#8) We both loved it!! The Beef was so tender and tasted great. Ice coffee is another must-try. Fairly cheap price made this restaurant more friendly to us. We will definitely go back again to try out other menu.
4	I didn't try the pho here, but their bahn mi is awesome. I'm originally from Seattle and I'm so happy to have found a place that sells Vietnamese sandwiches. Of course in Seattle you can still find them for a buck a piece, but I suppose beggers can't be choosers out here in the desert. My only complaints were that the restaurant smelled a little dingy and the young guy who helped me was kind of a jerk. Other than that I'd definitely go back for those sandwiches!
3	alright i know that vietnamese service usually sucks... but... they really sucked. they wrote down the wrong order and forgot our drink orders... it was so hard to get their attention too!the food was relatively good... but for las vegas standards. i'm from san jose so it's kind of biased to compare.i would go back again, just order togo or something!
4	I'm def a fan of this place!  Talk about good Banh Mi (Vietnamese sandwiches)!  Pork with pate is fantastic and a delicious side with a bowl of pho, too!  I also really like the pho here!  The food here is basic and stands up as delish!  One time, the server seemed like he was super-disoriented and on something or just really out of it, but while it was a bit of a hassle to order, it was more just amusing than a detraction...  I still had my pork with pate crispy sandwich!  Good bubble tea, for what it is.
2	I ordered a #1 Grilled Pork based on reviews here and the milky eye guy said it was most popular.  It measures 7" compared with 9"+ elsewhere. They are pretty light on vegetables and do not use cucumbers.  The pork was decent, maybe next time I'll have them add pate.I took the advice of another Yelper and did a little shopping at Vons while they made the sandwich so I don't know how long it took to prepare.I like the banh mi at Hue Thai better although more expensive.
1	I came here after reading the reviews on yelp, you guys let me down.  :(  I'm fine with eating at most hole-in-the-wall dirty restaurants but this one was a too much.  First the tables reeked of wet-rag/mildew, which I normally I  would just tolerate but this time it created a progressive effect.  I'll just get to the point, the man that took our order/delivered our food/took our money, had bits of rare beef on his fingertips.  dood.end of story.  i don't care if the broth is heavenly, the beef buttery, or it's free.  if that man doesn't at least WIPE his hands with the stinky mildew rag after making the bowls i don't want to think about what else he does or doesn't do.i almost couldn't keep my soup down.  gag.  beef bits aside, if anyone is still interested in visiting, the broth was mediocre, the beef low quality and low in quantity.  go down spring mountain road a few more miles and take your chances on another pho places, seriously.
5	Pho Thanh Huong has became my favorite Vietnamese restaurant for pho and sandwiches. Also, the prices are decent and the food is tasty. I can't imagine going anywhere else to get my Vietnamese food fix.
5	The food here rocks! Its my hidden secret.This is the best Vietnamese in town, no doubt!
4	I love the sandwiches at this place! Especially the grilled pork banh mi, which I think is priced very reasonable. The soups, noodle and rice dishes here are also very tasty. Value for your money and good food is a combination that I am always happy to experience.
4	$3 with tax for a tofu banh mi...nuff said.  but seriously nice hot chillies, fresh bread, yummy carrot-daikon slaw...on top of it, i am not a coffee drinker whatsoever, i am all about tea.  but when i need a pick-me-up, i get the vietnamese iced coffee with boba.  highly recommend.
4	I only come here when I am in the mood for banh mi, so I can't comment on anything else on the menu (but I've heard that the pho isn't that great).  The sandwiches are cheap and they taste fresh.  I have always taken my orders to go, so the cleanliness--or supposed lack thereof--hasn't bothered me.  This certainly isn't a place to go out for a weekend dinner, but it makes for a great lunch every once in a while.
3	I came here at 10am on a Monday morning. Ordered the grilled pork (#1) and ham & steam pork sandwiches. Pretty good for a Vegas sandwich but I guess I was expecting more after reading all the other reviews. The bread was good but not great. It's no Lee's where you have that crispy crunchy crust that somehow feels like it melts in your mouth. There were plenty of veggies but they didn't have enough flavor. The veggies have a thinner cut than a Lee's sandwich. They did put enough mayo and pate in the sandwich.
4	Hung over from your hardcore partying at (fill-in-the-club-name-here)??A nice, steaming bowl of pho is the perfect fix, and Pho Thanh Huong makes it gooooood.  Their broken rice (com tam) dishes are also delish.  Make sure to get the tau hu ky (shrimp in tofu paper?).The restaurant is bright and will definitely wake you up.  Wear your sunglasses if needed.  The prices are cheap, the food is good.  What else do you need?When you've nursed yourself back to life, make sure to buy some Vietnamese sandwiches for later!  The shredded chicken sandwich is yummmmm.
4	ok... i only wanted banh mi when i came here... but everything else looked SOOO GOOD on the menu.... but it WASNT. i didnt try the pho, but maybe i should have.... I got the bun mam, which is like a thick rice spagetti type noodle with fish, shrimp and pork... and it was SALTY AS HELL. omg i almost died trying to finish all the noodle and meat. NEVER AGAIN.My bf got something else....(dont remember what it was) and he didnt like it very much either....i finished eating and in the beginning of the meal i ordered a Banh Mi Cha Lua to go (Pork Loaf Sandwich w/ Pate) and the sandwich alone restored my faith in this place!!!!!!!!BANH MI HERE IS THE BEST IN VEGAS!!!!THE PATE HAS A REALLLY GOOOD BLACK PEPPER FLAVOR AND I WILL DEFINITELY BE BACK OFTEN FOR THIS SANDWICH!!!
4	This was another good pho place to go to. It was kind of awkward when we first walked in because the guy kind of just acknowledge us from across the room and told us to just find a seat anywhere. I am really in search of a good pho restaurant that will consistently satisfy my taste buds when i am craving it and this place is good. The prices are good and the serving size was good for the price too. There  banh mi was good too. Its easy to miss the place if you are not familiar with the area. But its worth a sit down. I say pho saigon 8 is first on my love it list but this place is good too!
4	Really great food here, especially the banh mi. My friend, a pho connoisseur, deemed the pho better than Pho Kim Long. Only thing that keeps it from 5 stars in my book is that service is sketchy. That comes with the territory for Vietnamese restaurants but one time I sat by myself for 10 minutes and didn't get -any- service (i.e., no one came to the table to help me). This last time was good and prompt, though.
1	Thanks to the brutal hangovers I experience several times a month, knowing where to get decent pho is absolutely critical.  It's the only thing that can ease my abused digestive and nervous systems into a state of complacency.  I did not get decent pho here.  In fact, it's the first pho I've ever eaten that made my hangover worse.  Maybe I just got a bad batch.  I don't know.  My bowl was awful.  The broth tasted of nothing but salt.  The subtle flavors of meat and spice that my body craved simply were not there.  I tried to enhance the flavor profile with the usual panel of hot sauces, to no avail.  The meat was alright, if a little tough.  The veggies were pitiful.  Half the leaves on the mint were grayish brown and wilted, and the bean sprouts were slimy.It all made for a bad brew.  I ate all the meat out of it, and that was about it.  I usually drink the broth like it's the elixir of life, but not this time.  I may as well have been sipping on hot brine.  I couldn't even eat the noodles, as they had been steeped in the brackish concoction.The pho left me excessively parched for hours, exacerbating my hangover, and did little to help my stomach ache.  I won't be back.  Which is a shame, because the bahn mi looked great.  At any rate, the food is cheap, and the service is lackadaisical, as is traditional for family-run Asian eateries.  I wouldn't go for the pho, but the bahn mi might be worth a try.One should note that they close somewhat early at 9pm.
3	Went here on our 4th of July trip.  The food was good but not as good as back home (So Cal) ;-)  Wife had the BBQ Pork & Pate Banh Mi and I had the Grilled Chicken Banh Mi.  The sandwiches were pretty good, the meat were nicely flavored but it didn't have the crunchy outside.  The Spring Rolls were a flop because there was too much rice wrap and it was tough.  They were so springy on the outside that it reminded my five of those gel filled rubber stress tube things (and they were the most expensive things ordered).  To drink we had the an iced coffee and a thai iced tea.   They were both pretty good, but they put too much milk and made the drink kinda thick.Will definitely come back when we need out vietnamese fix in Vegas and also to try some of the pho.
3	Pretty good banh mi. Service was fine and sandwich was fresh and delivered pronto. I liked the little slice of heat on it but felt like the sauce could have been better.
3	The first time I came here it was the perfect cure for the morning hangover and portions were perfect. Recently, I returned hoping for the same great experience and it was extremely disappointing. I didn't try the sandwiches but the pho was less than satisfying. I got the combo special and felt like the portions were literally cut in half and I didn't see any tripe. I was lucky enough to get half a meatball! I would come back but next time I'm gonna pay 7 bucks for the large bowl. Shrimp rolls were bomb though.
3	Not bad for a restaurant outside of Chinatown. The pho, bun bo hue and banh mi are fairly good and reasonable priced. The appetizers and drinks aren't too bad either. The restaurant is clean and the decor is plain. The service isn't so good. I had to get the waiter's attention a few times. Overall not too bad.
3	Not the most attractive shopping center location or friendliest service, but the food here is ligit, not like Panda Express or the other semi-food "asian theme" places.  The meat wasn't like the sizzling barbecue of the Pho Bac Ky in Irvine, but the egg rolls were crisp and noodles plentiful.  I would definitely come back here for my next hankering of affordable Vietnamese.
1	This place was GROSS. The meat was fatty, the broth was salty and the service was horrific. Blech.
3	We ordered the number one sandwich and pho soup seafood. The sandwich was fantastic and we will come back for that, the seafood was dissapointing, the broth was ok, but not something we would order again.Clean place,attentive waiter. Great prices.
4	I liked the grilled pork bahn mi. It had just enough filling for me not to complain and at $2.75, it's a pretty damn good deal. That seems to be the going rate across the country if you've had these before. The outside crust of the bread could have been crispier other than that it was great. Do yourself a favor and don't order the crepe. Nuf said regarding that.
5	I ordered  three BBQ pork sandwiches. For $3 a sandwich (including tax!!!!), you can not go wrong with this deal. The quality for the price is definitely one of the best deals in town.
2	Not much flavor.  Awful service.  The food did not taste that great, I'll be on the look out for another Vietnamese restaurant.
4	I like this place.  It hasn't been very busy when I go there but the food is good and the prices (for Las Vegas) are affordable.  We have been to several Vietnamese restaurants since we moved here in August.  The first two had great interiors with ok food and less than great service.We have probably gotten the best service at this restaurant than any other Vietnamese restaurant we've ever been to.  Our server gave my BF a hearty laugh when he smelled his pho and basked in its aroma.  He agreed that what he ordered was the best, he had just finished eating his.The family that I guess owns the place was just hanging out at another table since we were the only customers.We got the BBQ Pork Banh Mi (#18) and I got the #4 pho (rare flank & brisket) and BF got the pho dac biet (it has everything, sorry he ordered by name b/c he thinks he's cool like that).  Make sure you specify the size b/c they gave me a large I think b/c my BF asked for a small.  The banh mi is off the chain and the pho is greasy and delicious.  I will definitely be coming back... especially since I have one and a half more years in my program @UNLV!!! I love affordable (and good) food.
4	I'm writing this review for the only two things I order at this joint, which is their grilled pork banh mi and their broken rice special combo plate. Both are YUMMEEHHH!I love the combo plate because they do NOT skimp on your meat. It comes with all the delicious stuff on it, with scrumptious nuoc cham on the side, and generous cucumber and tomato. The rice is plentiful, the meat is tasty. The sandwich had deliciously light, crisp bread and they are reasonably generous with the meat. I've had "the real deals" out in California so it's kind of hard to put them on the same pedestal, but as far as Vegas is concerned, they are pretty damn good. I love the avocado shake too- thick, not too sweet, with good boba. It was a nice cap to the meal.
4	This is my usual dine spot for Vietnamese food whenever I'm in town. Their food is very delicious and authentic. I don't know if it's because one of the owners reminds me of my mom or not, but the place is a good mom and pop shop unlike the ones on Spring Mountain Road with their fancy ambiance.I come here for items other than pho. Their bun rieu oc and bun bo hue is very good! Sadly, I haven't tried their sandwiches yet, but i will soon.Prices are also reasonable. Their usual diners are students from UNLV since it is located in University Village. Service is great and your food comes out in a flash like most Vietnamese places. One of my favorite things about dining at Vietnamese restaurants is their "pay at the counter" policy. No need to wait around for the server to pick up your tab or split the bill 10 ways.
4	Best Banh Mi I've had yet in Vegas. Even better when you get a decent sized sandwich for under $3. Place is a hole in the wall in a strip mall, but the sandwiches are great. Haven't tried the pho yet.
4	I have never had Vietnamese sandwiches before and this seemed to be the place to go to try it. I was visiting from Chicago not too long ago and was happy to be able to get some authentic Vietnamese fare. I tried the #2 sandwich,cant remember exactly what it had but it was fresh, simple yet very tasty. I also tried the BBQ pork one on another day and was even more impressed. I love that their prices are very affordable. One of these sandwiches beats spending 5-7 dollars at subway any day!!Oh an another plus, my friends and I who were traveling back to Chicago decided to pick a sandwich up for the plane ride. I ended up not eating it till after landing and the sandwich held up really well throughout the whole day!
5	ok, of all the reviews I was reading, I kept saying to myself "wtf is banh mi?!?" hahaha it's a sandwich! and it's GREAT! I always thought it was called "a vietnamese sandwich"... my bad folks, my bad.ok. this place is located in the vons shopping center. I went there around 8:50pm and they close at 9. so know when they open and close if you want to get what you want. p.s. the shopping center is one sketchy place... i swear I saw few crack heads come out of that vons.i got the #1 sandwich (grilled pork). and let me tell you... IT's EFFIN GREAT. The guy heated the roll, which was superb. crunchy on the outside, warm and chewy on the inside. i am totally salivating as I write the review. i also got the bun for my cousin, and because we got there so late, they ran out of their eggrolls. but not to worry, they gave us more meat to even it out.i'd totally come back here next time, and order few sandwiches to go for the flight back home.
4	After making the rounds to various Banh mi shops all over town, this is by far my favorite !!! Being a 9-5er in the Spring Mountain area it pains me that none of the ones in the Spring Mountain area can live up to this place, but it's true. Yup, you must leave Chinatown to get your Vietnamese  sandwich fix!
1	The WORST service ever!I came here with family to grab a quick bite to eat. We had pho, egg rolls, and a banh mi. I had the egg rolls, which were decent. A couple of people had pho, which I didn't bother trying since I wanted egg rolls. My mom ordered the bbq pork banh mi, which took forever and a day to finally arrive at the table.We saw many sandwiches made but my mom's sandwich never came till we mentioned it. Mentioning it to the servers was a challenge itself because those people did not give a shit about our table. Two of their servers were constantly bickering and nothing was getting to them. Seriously, there were no spoons at our table so we said F it and took spoons from another table. We also ordered an avocado shake which didn't come till 10 minutes after the banh mi came. The guy gave us the lame excuse of being super busy and losing track of orders. Well douchebag, if it's so busy then why did everyone else get their orders on time? Yeah you can shove that banh mi up your--
3	I was feeling sick from a night of binge drinking. My stomach was queezy and I needed pho ASAP.  This place usually gets 4 stars but I'm a pho eating machine from the bay area. Honestly, it's a 3. The seafood pho was ok; broth was ok, imitation crab was too soft, two prawns only, yellow noodle was ok. However it was enough to ease my stomach. The place was clean and the waiter was friendly. There were many out of towners and also UNLV students. Overall good experience. Price was decent. Don't expect too much.
5	we ALWAYS eat at this place whenever we go to vegas.  nevermind that i live in the southbay where pho restaurants are on every corner.  this place is good, even coming from a vietnamese person who eats this stuff all the time.  try the chicken pho...its my fav!
5	we ALWAYS eat at this place whenever we go to vegas.  nevermind that i live in the southbay where pho restaurants are on every corner.  this place is good, even coming from a vietnamese person who eats this stuff all the time.  try the chicken pho...its my
4	Not sure why I never posted a review before, I go here at least once a week.  Usually get chicken pho (boneless for my man and with bone for me) and my banh mi dac biet with extra pate.Ambiance- there isn't any, I go here for the food and the convenience.Sandwiches are just like how I used to get them in SF Chinatown as a kid on my way to Chinese school every Saturday morning.The variations of Pho, Bun and Hu tieu are all okay- really can't compare since my mom makes some of the best.  It's all just good enough....Overall, since its closer than Chinatown and on my way to work- sandwiches are still the best I've had out here.
5	I absolutely ADORE this place. The servers are cheerful and happy to see you as if you're the only customer around (well, i don't know, I WAS the only customer around).The broth of the pho soup is addictive. It's so tasty I'd rather have extra broth than noodles! It tastes perfect--with the right amount of saltiness I want in a broth, and the soup just warms my stomach up. I always get full with the pho dac biet. I also tried the pho brisket--it's also tasty!The sandwiches are great--the bread is always delightfully baked by the restaurant--they bake it themselves! From this, you know it has the perfect fluffy-on-the-inside-and-crunchy-on-the-outside texture. I usually come early so I can be one of the first people to get a fresh batch of baked bread. I love it with butter--it just melts delicious into the bread. I'm drooling right now~My favorite sandwich has got to be the grilled chicken sandwich with pate. It's so delicious. I usually put a lot of spicy sauce on it and extra jalapenos for the right kick!Do I sound overly enthusiastic about this place? Yes? GOOD. THAT'S HOW I WANT TO SOUND!As for the smoothies, I've tried all of them. The boba is chewy and soft, and is a tasty sugary treat. I don't particularly like the strawberry, mango, or guyabano shake though. I don't recommend them. What I DO recommend is the Taro shake, avocado and the honeydew shake. It's the best out of all of them! Overall I give them 5 stars for variety, service, and tastiness (is that a word?)I know for certain--I will come here again~
4	Love this vietnamese restaurant! I really enjoy the Pho here.  The noodles are cooked perfectly and the broth is very comforting while packing a lot of flavor.  I can't get a decent bowl of Pho where I live so it's always a nice treat when I come to Vegas and get a taste of this place.My most favorite thing about PTH is their sandwiches!!! The last time I went I got the grilled pork & the grilled chicken with pate.  Both were sooo GOOD!  I love the bread that they use.  Yes I like Lee's in the OC but their bread is too hard.  The bread is here light & fluffy, toasted & a great compliment to whichever meat you order.  I really liked their pickled carrots & daikon here, along with the slices of jalapeno inside.  Definitely a keeper in my book.  Plus each sandwich is $2.75!! Talk about dirt cheap.  I'm full every time I leave & my wallet doesn't yell at me.  Wish I could go here every week!! WAAAAAH!
4	Had the grilled pork w/ noodles (#8).Will be back for more!
3	It's not the best pho I've had, or even good. I'd probably rate it as mediocre pho to be honest, however the service is actually fast and straightforward. I do like the $1 option for extra noodle and I think $3 for extra meat. Prices are also a little higher than I've seen at other pho places, but it's certainly not overpriced or bad.It's decent for the location since it's very close to the strip in an open strip mall and there is also a big wide area for seating. I didn't try the sandwiches though, but I was in a mood for noodles. Perhaps next time.
3	we were craving some pho after a big night and we stumbled upon this place. the prices are a bit high and the veggies don't seem that fresh. however, i am not gonna complain when i'm hungover and hungry. we also tried the egg rolls which were alright. i will probably make it back in next time i am in town.
4	I was very satisfied with menu item number 1.  My Cambodian friends really liked some of the other items. Its a very traditional place and big break from the obnoxious other restaurants in Vegas. The bread and sandwiches are excellent and healthy!
4	wow, as often as I come here, the mother and son team know us and what we like as soon as we come walking in.  I've gotten to know the mom that owns the place pretty well- she is a very nice lady but it helps to be pretty fluent in Vietnamese.What can I say about the place- it has no atmosphere and the service is quite lacking but she makes one hell of a banh cuon.  If you don't know what banh cuon is, its rice rolls filled with ground pork, a type of fungi and seasonings...each roll is hand rolled..why do I know this? My mom makes some of the best in San Francisco...so when I come here and am craving my mom's banh cuon, this is pretty darn close.  They come out warm and gooey on a plate with bean spouts, cha lua ( vietnamese sausage) and veggies....That is what brings me back again and again...and their sandwiches are pretty darn good too...their Pho is a hit or miss and some days I feel like I'm back home at my parents house when the kitchen and wait staff are yelling at each other...but oh well- I come for the food, not the service!
4	place is located off the strip of vegas and is pretty chill to hit up on the way home if youre driving...their pho broth is pretty flavorful and their porkchop aint too bad...the guy waiter kept misunderstanding our order for some reason... had to re-repeat our order like 5 times...FINALLY... their banh mi is bomb... the bread is soft, the pepper they put inside gives it a spicy kick and is one of the best banh mi i have had...so definitely come here for the banh mi and you wont be disappointed...
3	We always go to this restaurant whenever we are in Vegas. The food is cheap and authentic. The sandwiches are exceptional and the pho noodles are delicious.On this visit, the service had somehow declined. Our server was busy tending to a little girl and watching football on tv. The bean sprouts were beginning to brown, with long brown tails still attached to them. The basil leaves were wilted with many brown spots on them. Apparently, the owners figured nobody would notice?
3	Great tasting French Vietnamese sandwiches at rock bottom prices.The pho is not bad either (well just stay away from the blood cake unless you like that sort of thing.)  Service can be a little strange.  You order and they let you know when your food is ready...sometimes.  Sometimes, it just sits on the counter and everyone just disappears into the kitchen. Kinda funny.Highly recommended if you're by UNLV and needing an inexpensive but good meal.
1	They offer generic condiments, not the real stuff: the hoisin sauce is liquidy and not thick. They don't have Sriracha--you cannot have pho with generic sriracha hot sauce. Friend found egg shells in his pho soup. Horrible tea (tra da). Overpriced.
3	One day we stopped in and ordered a couple of sandwiches and picked up some spring rolls.  It was our first time and we didn't know what to expect.  It turned out to be a good choice.  Since then, we have been back a few more times, even had a sit down and ordered the pho, of course I choose by looking at the pictures and the eye appeal helps me make up my mind, but only once did they suggest that it might be too spicy for me, but once it came out, I loved it!The crispy bread, the thin strips of meat (pork in my case) and the cilantro and jalapenos make the sandwich!   This a quick in and out with pork sandwich good flavors, but this time our spring rolls were bland without taste, if it weren't for the peanut sauce, it would have been an absolute bland roll.
4	I wish I had tried this place sooner. It's a quick drive through the airport tunnel from work and their Banh Mi is super cheap at only $3 per sandwich including tax (a couple of them cost slightly more). I went with the #1 Pork. At first, I was underwhelmed by how much was inside the bread. Then I realized that it's on par with other Vietnamese places; it's just that their bread is so huge. I'm actually impressed with the bread. At the ends where there is basically no filling, it's still delicious because the bread is so good. As for the filling, it was very tasty. They don't have a "Combination" Banh Mi option like other places, which is what I usually get, so it's hard to compare directly. However, the #1 Pork has actual chopped up chunks of pork with great flavor. Overall, a very satisfying sandwich for $3.
3	I come here for the tofu sandwich. A cheap, delicious and quick meal @ 2.75. The service however is very strange and awkward.
4	I love the sandwiches here!I always get the pork. Wish they had beef, but pork's pretty awesome, too.
5	Best Bahn Mi in town!  The bread is always perfect, and the fillings are fresh.  Generous portions at a great price.  Love the mom and son team.
1	The man working there was very nice, but the food was not.
3	Happened to be on the east side and in need of a quick lunch,  so I though I would try this place out.  I ordered the pho with beef.  It was pretty, pretty, pretty good.  The broth did have the umami type element that we all enjoy.  The condiments were fresh.The service was suspect. Not because the employees don't speak english, but just bad service.  I walk in and it has a counter like a quick service restaurant so I stood at the counter for 5 minutes.  So I finally asked the woman working behind the counter - "how can I get some food?" then she pointed to the tables.Someone finally took my order after I sat down.  I got the food fast which was good.  So I ate - I waited for ever to get a bill...  I finally walk up to the counter I said " I would like to pay now."   She was very confused.So the food was - good - the service was weird - I just don't know why people own restaurants with out any people skills!
2	Soooo slow jeeze louise! The first time I came here, I wasn't too impressed with their Bahn Mi. I came back a second time and ordered a fried egg and Chinese sausage Bahn Mi. Definite improvement, but still didn't make up for waiting 20 minutes for a sandwich. Meh. I've experience better.
3	I discovered Pho about 4 years ago, and from that moment forward I knew that it would be one of those dishes that you wake in the middle of the night craving. The pho here is fairly basic, and although it gets the job done, it doesn't really stand up to most others I've had. The broth is a little light, and I often have trouble getting everything in it that I want due to the fact that the servers and counter workers don't really understand what I want if it's not already on the menu. They pretty much rely on me pointing to a picture or a number, but if you want something extra or a substitution forget about it unless you speak vietnamese.The menu is also basic, and there are not many soup options other than pho, which is fine because the real star here are the banh mi sandwiches, which they do exceptionally well, with a great toasted bread and they are one of the few places I have found that have the option of the shredded pork skin sandwich. Plus you can't beat the price...I get this as my to go school lunch many days to take to campus. Pork skin banh mi and a can of coke is $4.25.I don't think this place would survive very long on Spring Mountain, but tucked away in the Vonn's shopping center, and in proximity to UNLV this place will continue to be my go to spot for a great cheap sack lunch, but I would probably make the trip to Chinatown if I wanted Pho.
1	Three words...Wtf! I paid 8 dollars for some broth w barely any noodles in it! You know what I can buy w 8 dollars??? Two lipsticks! 8 dollars should mean a big bowl of food. And I got a Ham sandwich and it was nast-ay. Go too Lee's sandwich instead for reals
4	Pho has long been my cure for a hangover and it is vital to know where to get a good bowl of Pho in Vegas to do the trick and cure that hangover.  Overall, this place is good.  The Cafe Sua Da, Spring Rolls, and Banh Mi Sandwiches are legit!  But, the service and the pho could be a little better.  My suggestion would be to get something more than just a regular Pho Tai.  It definitely isn't bad and I would still go back to this place but I left still feeling a little empty.
4	Listen, you want cheap? you want fast? you want Fresh? Best banh mi sandwich in Las Vegas. I love the fresh bread, fresh ingredients and fast service...and oh yeah its only 3.00 for a sandwich! It may be a bit on the smaller side, but its tasty!Can't beat it.Yum
3	I saw Pho Thanh Huong listed in a magazine recently as a great place to get good, cheap food. The article mentioned the bahn mi sandwiches as a great inexpensive lunch. Pho Thanh is pretty close to my work so I decided to give it a try. I had been here once before a year or two ago and had one of their combination plates which was fine but had not beckoned me back. The article did, and I decided to try one of their sandwiches.I ordered the grilled pork bahn mi and my wife ordered the grilled chicken bahn mi. They came served on nice, crusty bread. The fillings were flavorful. The price was great (just over $3 each). While the portion was not huge it was sufficient for a lunch. I'm glad I gave Pho Thanh Huong another try, and I will definitely be back.
1	Nasty is all that I have to say.  Don't come here even if you're deadly craving for Vietnamese food.  It's overpriced and food is disgusting and loaded with MSG (normal for most place but this one has way too much).
1	This restaurant sent an employee to scam another business in the plaza out of money. After they were confronted they claimed they did not speak english. Please do not frequent.
2	My friends referred to the meal as "terrible" and "atrocious." I would not go that far, but a lot of little things added up to make our dinners less than satisfactory. The broth of the bun bo hue was not very flavorful. On the other hand, the broth of the spicy pho was way too spicy. The meat in the noodles looked completely unappetizing. The egg on the rice plate was so hard and rubbery it could not be cut with a spoon.The grilled pork banh mi was the only thing that was okay, but I have had better banh mi for the same price elsewhere.
3	The first time I tried their Banh mi, it was delicious and the spring rolls are fresh and crispy very satisfying! they took a little long to get our food..the place was empty...but the grilled pork was great, I came back a different night before I left town and was a bit disappointing, granted I ate it all...I WAS HUNGRY, SUE ME!! but the food tasted like it was warmed up in a microwave..it prolly was since we came 30 minutes before they closed. I give it 3 stars for the spring rolls!
1	This place has great food but their customer service is very lousy. They were very rude to us from beginning to end especially the guy with one eye and no one seemed to care. Not used to that kind of service and will never go back no matter how good the food is. No one should be treated like that.
2	Hot Soup for this chilly weather!!! Not the best place, though, but it'll do for now. The waiter (who may be a relative of the owner) looked annoyed at his job. He was rolling his eyes and was not very accommodating. After asking one question, he made me feel uncomfortable about asking another one. Yes, it is very near home (and near UNLV where I usually study at) but to be honest, I'd rather drive a few more miles for a better experience. Price was a little more than others too and they're not even great. I will probably go somewhere else if there are other options.
3	Pretty decent place, the area is clean and the service was pretty good too. I ordered the Pho Ga, and the noodles were very thin and that's the way I like it. :) I think the pho was kind of bland and needed a tiny bit more flavor. But that's okay, I guess. I believe it was about 9$ for a bowl of pho, which is pretty expensive.
4	Awesome family owned hole in the wall Vietnamese place near UNLV. Most people are probably iffy about going here just because it's in the sketchy shopping center with Von's because that sure did happen to me! However, do not let that stop you from trying the awesome food here. I always get the banh mi and I would have to say the grilled pork is my #1 pick while the grilled chicken is a close 2nd. The pho is also tasty and pretty standard compared to other pho places. My favorite would be the brisket, which is what I always get in my pho. I also took Jane K.'s recommendation of the grilled pork vermicelli and boy was she right! It was absolutely amazing. The flavors blend together so nicely and I also like the freshness of it. ORDER THIS! My mouth is watering just by writing this review. So if you have a hard time trying to decide what to order, my preference is grilled pork vermicelli, bahn mi and then pho. If you're ever hungry in the area Pho Thanh is a must try.  Only 4 stars because sometimes the service is just blah, but I think they're nice to me just because I come in so often.
2	Okay I take everything back I wrote in my last review. That review was based on years of eating there and suddenly everything changes.  First I walk up to the doors and there are pictures of food in the window which weren't there before. Then the inside was painted a different color. I looked at the menu at the to go counter and it was actually missing essential Vietnamese items like pho and vermicelli. The staff was also entirely different than the family that used to run the restaurant. So after I ordered my sandwich and I ask if there is a different owner. And the gal responds "Yes, different owner." UHH OHH! I ordered my usual charred pork bahn mi. I immediately noticed the bread was still the same, but the daikon radish was definitely different. More of a vinegar taste vs the mayonnaise taste, totally didn't like it. They also added cucumbers which the previous owners didn't do. Overall I think this place is on the wrong path. I will definitely come back to give them another chance, hopefully better changes will be implemented.
2	Not as good as it used to be - the Pho is really bland now, they were skimpy on our bean sprouts (1 wimpy plate of all the toppings for 2 bowls of Pho!) and service is not great. Also, they have a new menu that is way smaller and doesn't have pictures. The old one was cheezy, but i kinda liked it.  :)
4	The restaurant has recently been taken over by new owners, a young couple, and they are very friendly. The Pho is pretty good, but I never had a bad pho anywhere in town. But their sandwiches are to die for. And they only cost $3-$3.50 (6' size). The make their own bread in probably the biggest baking machine I've seen.Overall great food and good service. This side of town needs more good Asian food, so we don't have to drive 1/2 hour to Chinatown every time.
4	I have eaten from here numerous times though I have only dined in once.  I worked near by for a while and usually placed my order for take-out.  Given the in and out nature of my usual visits, to speak of poor service as others have would be irresponsible of me.  Instead I will rate the food and nothing more.  I always get the same menu item when I go.  It is not pho.  It is not bahn mi.  I don't know the name of the dish I get but I can tell you it is my favorite.  Rice noodles with grilled pork and shrimp, peanuts, lettuce, a salad of carrot and daikon, and a spring roll.  It has always been good.  The pork is tender and flavorful.  The shrimp is not overcooked.  The spring roll was hot enough to scorch my mouth last time I went.  It is always crispy and flakey.  I crave it some times.  In fact, I'm kind of craving it now.  I have had the same dish else where and it was good there too.  When it comes to Pho Thanh Huong though, it is the original for me.  It is where I choose to eat when I need a good noodle fix on the go.
4	I ordered the tofu noodle salad and it was delicious. The atmosphere was clean and the cashier was very helpful in helping me decide what to order. I will be going back!
5	There are two reasons to come to Pho Thanh Huong: 1) they have the best grilled pork banh mi in Vegas, and 2) it's dirt-frickin-cheap.  The bread is fresh baked and is so good i have to restrain myself from just rubbing loaves of its flakey goodness all over my face whenever I walk through the door.I would write a longer review, but I now have an insatiable craving for banh mi and I must now sprint the 10 miles or so to Pho Thanh Huong to get me some porky goodness.
3	I always thought that this place had the best Bahn mi (vietnamese style sandwiches) in town. I havent been here in a long time and found out that they recently changed owners about 6 months ago. Pork Bahn mi - They raised their prices about 50 cents, it used to be 3 dollars now its 3.50. The bread is pretty good but it seems a little bit more chewy than it was before. The fillings seemed to have gotten worse. They were Extremely stingy on the fillings and it was salty. Also didn't seem as juicy as before, maybe they need to add more mayo.Sometimes when you try something great and find out that ownership has change, and it's not as good as before, it kinda pisses me off.
4	Great amazing food!!!! So much so that even when the service is slow I keep coming back. The servers are friendly but just slow.
5	Holy Banh Mi Batman!I've been a fan of Mr. Sandwich for a long time, but a couple of impromptu lunches here and I am now sold! I'd never heard of this place. It's in an unassuming strip mall off Trop and Maryland.It's a nice clean restaurant! The first time, I got pho and a banh mi. Second time, I got the banh mi.The bread is perfect. Crunchy, chewy, delicious all at the same time. Priced well at about $3.75 per sandwich. You can be a fatboy like me and just get two sandwiches, but call it a day after that. It's still pool season.One of my new favorite off-site lunch locations!
1	Check your bill.  When I asked why I was overcharged, dude claimed that the prices on the menu were "old prices".
3	I ate here as I am wanting to have the top 10 sandwiches as decided by Las Vegas Weekly.  So, I had the banh mi thit cha.  The bread was super fresh and crusty.  The ingredients were all very fresh, but I found myself wanting more vegetables, which is something given that I am a huge carnivore.  They add an awesome crunch.  The sandwich was very good, and as most note, a great deal at less than $4.  I also had egg rolls, which were standard.  I will say they brought my sandwich out at least 7 minutes before the egg rolls.  I understand they take longer to cook, but I would have preferred everything being brought out at once.   I will likely return, the staff was friendly and it was a comfortable place.
3	The store smells like smoke, which was a big turn off right when you walk in. Other than that, the bahn mi is pretty good and cheap. Yummm :) I really like the bahn mi with fried eggs and Chinese sausage. The staff do their job and that's about it. There's no special assistance or work on their end. But at least what needs to be done gets done. Except for this one time I went with a group and nobody came to refill water. Sad. It's not award-winning food or service here, but it definitely will satisfy me when I'm broke and I want a good bahn mi. That's the only food I go to this place for.
3	I had the grilled pork sandwich it was good but I don't think top 10 good. I also had the egg rolls which was bland in comparison to Da Lat's egg rolls. The dipping sauce for the egg rolls was pretty bland as well. It was extremely hot in the restaurant as if there was no AC. Overall food was alright but did not meet up to the hype of being top ten in sandwiches.
4	When I lived in California, pho was always one of my favorite rainy day foods because of the warm, comforting feeling I would get after eating a huge bowl of it. On one of those rare rainy days here in Vegas, I began to feel a little homesick and decided to try this restaurant. Upon walking in I was greeted by the friendly staff which automatically gave this place a couple stars. Customer service is a big part of my dining experience at any restaurant, and this place definitely meets my expectations. I decided to get a bowl of pho with brisket and sliced beef. My order came out quickly and was bigger than I had expected. The broth has a very good flavor and tastes even better with the addition of the bean sprouts, lime juice, and basil leaves. The meat was very tasty and plentiful as well. When I went to the counter to pay my check, I discovered that the huge bowl of pho was only $8.50! The only thing I love besides good food is cheap food. I will definitely be coming back here to satisfy my random pho cravings.
4	If you're looking for a big delicious bowl of pho, look no further. And when I say big I mean it. Their bowls are huge! And at small price tag. I was definitely a fan of this place. Their broth was perfect. Meat and noodle ratio was spot on. Although I could barely put a dent in my bowl, I savored each and every bite. My gfs got the vermicelli and a banh mi and they were all fans. The shrimp in the vermicelli were huge! I couldn't believe it. Despite everything being big in portions, when we ordered an iced coffee my cup was filled completely with ice. There was probably 2 big gulps in there. What a rip! Luckily it was tasty and the hot Vegas weather melted my ice rather quickly so I got a little more out of it. Only complaint is that service is a  little slow. But a okay, I know how to behave in an Asian restaurant. It's about hailing them down for yourself!
5	This is my new favorite place for Vietnamese food everything we ordered was absolutely delicious. I have to disagree with some other reviews about there service because they were very friendly and made sure we had everything we needed. Now I can avoid the lines and extra drive out to spring mountain when I want some Vietnamese food. Thanks yelpers for helping me decide to eat here.
4	Pho? On the East Side? Are you kidding? No, not kidding. It's pretty darned good, too. And their Banh Mi are FANTASTIC!
2	Ordered bbq chicken got something that looked like shredded chicken AND it had a bone in it! They add fish sauce, which was different, but too much mayo. The sup mang cua was okay. I wouldn't recommend this place for banh mi.
4	This place is perfect on a hot summer day and after a long cross country drive.  The banh mi and the rice rolls definitely hit the spot after seeing hours of subway sandwich shops fr Canada to Cali.  Thank goodness for Pho Tranh!
4	The proximity of this restaurant and the Banh Mi are the home-runners for me.Thank the Yelp gods for this small gem! During the four years of attending UNLV, I would've been delighted to know there was such a yummy Vietnamese restaurant just across campus. There has been numerous times I craved pho or banh mi but did not have the 10-15 minutes to drive to Chinatown.I had some bad experiences with previous pho restaurants regarding service, but this place is great. No need to wave down waiters to get a refill for my drink. Also the venue is clean and tidy.I had the fried egg and Chinese sausage banh mi. The bread is toasted nearly perfect. It is crunchy yet crumbles away effortlessly, almost just melting away in your mouth. No need to chew and bite endlessly like with the bland toasted bread from Subway. Damn, did I just compare this place to Subway? Yeah right. Anyways, the fried egg and Chinese sausage was great, just a little too salty. I would definitely tell them to hold the salt next time. However, only $3.50 for this tasty sandwich? I can roll with that any day!My girlfriend had the vegetarian pho and the broth looked and tasted spectacular. I really dislike how some pho are served drenched in oil. I hate seeing pockets of oil floating around in my broth, yuck! Thankfully, the broth was very clean and tasty. Maybe because it was vegetarian pho the broth was clearer than usual. I normally have beef or shrimp pho, so next time I will try that.In conclusion, I really like the location of this venue and the banh mi. Definitely recommending this place, not only because location but for its surprisingly tasty dishes as well.
4	Sandwiches!!Dude, this is my favorite banh mi place evoooooore! It's really inexpensive and the ingredients are super fresh.  The bread is freshly made, and they have a ton of selections. I really like the chinese egg and sausage banh mi and the charbroiled pork one. MMMM! The sandwiches are about $3-$4, so it's handy for broke college students like myself (also located across the street-ish from the Trop garage of UNLV). I've had pho from here too, and it was pretty decent, but I usually just go for banh mi.  The soup was just cause I was sick that day and had to study haha. Still tasty nonetheless. Downsides: This place smells like smoke! gaaah, horrible.  I recommend taking your food to go, unless you like the taste/smell of carcinogens with your food.  Also, the service when you're seated is kinda slow.  I drink a ton of water and the refills didn't come quick enough after I loaded my sandwich with Sriracha.  Plus, they don't really have consistent waiters or whatever.  It's like everyone is doing everthing? I'm not sure. Personally, that's not really a big deal for me since I feel like most authentic Asian restaurants have that same kind of attitude, but sometimes people wanna be dined for real so be cautious 0.0 Overall, I'd definitely come back...and back...and back again.  It's tasty, low cost, and it's right by school, which is the biggest seller for me.  It's something different from Chipotle or whatever is around campus.
1	I go here when I'm desperate for a quick Vietnamese sandwich.I don't know what happened but when that place changed management and painted the restaurant it has the most horrible stench in there.I can't tell if it's cigarette smoke, and at first I thought it was just lingering from a smoker but it's been months and the past 4 times I've been there, it smells horrible.Unless you don't care about smell when you eat (which I'm pretty sure I'd rather smell roses than cigarettes when I eat) then eat here. But if you care, then find a new place and tell me about it.I honestly had to wait outside while I waited for my sandwich.Harsh? Yikes. Sorry. It's the truth(I hope some worker there sees this and fixes this problem. Yes, I have mentioned it to them before but I don't know how helpful it was)
4	Some of the best pho I've eaten! Naturally, this was the best cure to quite a long night out on the strip. The broth was super onion-y, which made it really flavorful. Only downside is that it was a bit more pricey than normal.. $9 for a bowl of pho? Doesn't make much sense, but the service and food were great. Nice little find out in Vegas.
3	This place is overpriced for its pho and has a lingering smoke aroma that just hangs in the restaurant.Despite these downfalls, the pho is definitely passable. The broth lacks the traditional spices that makes this dish a staple of Vietnam. Without the spices, the pho is nothing more than a simple beef broth. On the up side, the veggies were fresh and the pho was served with good quality meat.I'll definitely give this place a go again if I'm in Vegas, possibly try out the banh mi that other reviewers were raving about
5	Great service and great pho. Fried rice is amazing.
4	My favorite place to slurp on a bowl of hot Pho and inhale delicious tasty sandwiches is Pho Thanh Huong. Portions are generous. A regular size bowl is big enough for 2 depending on how hungry you are and it comes steamy hot right out of the kitchen doors,  with all the plant fixins to garnish your bath tub bowl of soup.What I like most about their soups is, they dont skimp out on the meat and they give you a variety of proteins to choose from.The grilled pork and chicken sandwiches are scrumptious, light and crunchy.  Every bite is full of delicious flavor. Very reasonable price for such a bangable sandwich.Spring rolls, and fried rolls are no doubt delectable. Eat with caution though, as you can easily fill up with these appetizers that your entree may feel neglected... you might need a to go box after 2 bites.Service is fast and friendly. Easy access, no high traffic customer wait time. Slight downfall is the area. Just be sure not to wear your Gucci jogging suit dripping in gold herring bones. Youll be sure to be jacked before you get to the door.
4	This is a sandwich review. The rest of the menu looks a little too pricey anyway.This summer, Las Vegas Weekly named the banh mi thit cha as one of the top 10 sandwiches in Vegas. They are dead wrong. The banh mi thit nuong is way better.Both banh mi thit (please spell it correctly) are $3.25 and both come in a small baguette with pickled carrots and daikon, hot peppers (note from tongue to self: make sure they remove this next time!), and a bunch of some kinda butter or margarine flavor enhancer. The difference is that thit nuong is grilled pork. It has sweetness and all the pork flavor you would expect. The ham, steamed pork, and pate in the banh mi thit cha is all too mild in flavor. Top 10 in Vegas? It might only be top 10 on the restaurant's menu because there's only 10 sandwiches.Get the banh mi thit nuong. It's not as good as banh mi thit I've had in San Jose, but it'll do for Vegas. Or you might try the banh mi trung chien lap xuong, which I've gotta have next time. Fried eggs with (sweet) chinese sausage? Count me in.
4	My neighborhood pho spot always delivers just what I am looking for. I get the rare beef pho, usually to go. No extra helping of noodles needed, and once all fixings are added the soup has some decent spice and plenty of flavor. When the weather gets cold I find myself running in there all the time. The banh mi sandwiches are ok, although I personally prefer Mr. Lee.
4	This place will probably be my go to pho place whenever I'm in Vegas now. The location is convenient and pho is delicious.Oh! I tried their banh mi thit as other reviewers suggested and it was awesome! The bread was perfectly crunchy, the jalapenos were a tad too spicy and I would have preferred a bit more pate, but the overall result was fab!The service was friendly and prompt, we recieved our orders no less than 10 minutes after it was put in. Awesome.
1	I used to frequent this place on occasion because of the location and they offered semi decent food. However, a couple weeks ago I had one of the worse experiences of my life. I had walked in literally a minute before closing, so they were not the most friendly. However, they still had a restaurant full and if they didn't want anyone to come in, they should have locked the doors. (which they did after I walked in)I ordered special combo Pho with extra tendon to go along with a grilled pork banh mi. The wait was short and easy. I paid for my food and was on my way home.Me and my hunny shared the banh mi, which was half ass put together. I had a piece of cucumber which was literally 1/3 of a cucumber that was just thrown on there. And not to mention almost a whole jalapeno that was just on one side of the sandwich. Talk about lazy and no attention to detail. So after we finish the banh mi, I pour my broth in a pot to warm it up and get it steaming hot so my meat can warm up too. When I go to open the container up, the first thing I look at is my tendon and considering I paid almost $2.00 for extra tendon, I felt ripped off. My rare meat, not even cooked had a light brown tinge to it, which means it was not fresh. And then to make things worse, two little flies or gnats or whatever they were flew out of the bay leaf and bean sprout pile and completely ruined my appetite.In utter disgust, I threw it all away and almost felt the need to vomit.I used to like this place. But now, you will never ever catch me here, no matter how bad I got a craving for Pho or  banh mi.
4	One of the tastiest banh mi sandwiches I have ever had! And, they open at 8:30 so this is an excellent alternative to American breakfasts. Be sure to pick up fresh handmade spring rolls for one buck each!
5	I grew up around Little Saigon in Orange County and When I moved here it was hard to find a real good Vietnamese sandwiches and dishes. I did try this place before the new owners took over out of desperation and I wasn't all that satisfied and it was a bit dirty. Now the staff are super friendly, food is awesome, and they keep the place clean. I  got their delicious sandwiches there many times during the hot seasons and now I keep going back for their pho number 11 with combo selection of meat. I have tried other Pho places but their broth was either too oily or did not have any taste at all so you would have to add a bunch of condiments in it. Pho Thanh Huong's pho is sooo delicious and I can't wait to taste the yummy, hot, goodness right when it is served. It warms up my soul! I hardly put any condiments in it except for the lime, mint, and bean sprouts.
5	My new favorite place in Las Vegas. Excellent pho. Comes out in an instant once you order too.
4	Banh mi (Vietnamese subs) are not the norm around my side of town, but since this is near school and doesn't require a detour from my normal routes, It hits the spot. Was craving a BBQ Pork sandwich, loaded with vegetables including cucumbers, carrots and the white one (which is so honestly called "white carrot" when translated my way) and Cilantro! Delicious, friendly staff and the bread comes out warm (possibly due to heating in a conventional oven before the goodies are inserted) but still nonetheless satisfying. I prefer this style of banh mi versus the Lee's baguettes or any baguettes for that matter since they're much tougher and tend to shred the top of my mouth. Definitely recommended, but will have to try other dishes when I am inclined to do so. :)
5	Definitely enjoyed the grilled chicken sandwich. Coming back for sure.
4	I decided to introduce my mom to Pho.  She'd never heard of it and had no idea what she was getting into.  She loves Asian food in general, so I thought we'd give it a try.  I was actually going to go to the Thai place next door, but spied the Pho Thanh Huong and decided to change gears last minute.The food was wonderful.  I cannot complain about the huge portions or amazing flavors.  The broth in the Pho was some of the best I've had.  The prices were also fantastic.My one complaint, and the reason for four stars instead of five is the service.  Even though it was 1pm and there were quite a few tables, there was only one server.  He forgot that we'd ordered spring rolls and took forever in bringing our check.  Once the other tables had cleared out, I still had to hunt him down.  Minor in the grand scheme of things.
3	On the hunt to get to more of my bookmarks during my lunch hour, I decided to give Pho Thanh Huong another shot. I came here years ago before I was on Yelp and thought they were good, but only if I happened to be in the neighborhood while craving Vietnamese.. They had pretty good sandwiches, but I just didn't end up back here again until today. I ordered a grilled beef banh mi and Thai tea with boba. The sandwiches looked a lot different than I remembered them. The French bread they use is enormous and much bigger than on my previous visit. The meat they used was a little different than I'm used to in banh mi. It was a little smokier than I like but very moist. It was a little on the messy side. They packed it to go in a way that was difficult to eat without dripping meat juice all over myself while I ate. The pickled veggies were hidden under the meat which made them a little soggier and less crunchy. I'll have to ask them to put the veggies on top next time so they stay fresh and don't drown in meat juice. The bread was really great. A little breadier than I'm used to, more like a bolillo shape than French bread but very flaky and light. The Thai tea with boba was good. A little on the sweeter side, but still good. The price is right, so I'll definitely give them another chance if I find myself in the area again. I was perusing the menu and their pho and other hot menu items seemed to run on the more expensive side compared to other pho restaurants I frequent. I think this is a good place to grab a cheap sandwich on the go.
3	I haven't been back to Pho Thanh Huong since I moved to the southwest area 5 years ago. Since I was in the mood for Pho and couldn't find any good Pho in the chinatown/west part of town. I yelped and saw a couple posting about PTH.Anyway, a bunch of my family members came back over the week and tried different things and here what we found:- Pho is similar to other places I found on the west side of town. The broth is below average and  tasted just like someone dipped a pho flavor bag into hot water. It has no natural sweetness at all.- Bun thit nuong (grill pork vermicelli (not sure if this is correct spelling but too lazy now to look it up) was good.-  Except soda that came in a can, all their specially made drinks weren't good.- The best thing I found at this place is their grill pork sandwich. It was very very good. I would drive all the way here just for this sandwich.By the way, some yelpers mentioned about the weird smell of this place, which I experienced while I was there. It has that stale cigarette smell that you normally experience when visit really old casino.
2	I've only recently made the switch to vegetarianism, so this is only my second pho sans meat, and only one other experience to compare it to.The vegetable to noodle ratio was off -- too much vegetable, not enough noodle. To be fair, my wife (a vegetarian) thought her pho was great. *shrugs*My Viet Coffee also had more ice than there was liquid in the cup (as in, the ice had a good half-inch of not being submerged in liquid).Minor complaints, but I will be glad to get to my regular pho experiences back in Los Angeles.
4	Good and cheap Vietnamese food, just 5 minute off the strip.
3	I TRIED- Pho Dac Biet (3/10)- Grilled Pork Bahn Mi (8/10)- Fresh Spring Rolls (5/10)I don't know why Yelp STILL doesn't give you the option of filtering by "most reviews" on smart phones, because honestly, that's the best way to find a place in an unknown city. Because of that, apparently, I found not the "most popular" Pho place in Vegas, but just "A" pho place in Vegas. I'm so annoyed, because my friend just got done telling me that he knew of a great pho place, and here's me Yelping while driving and ending up at what Yelp probably thought was the "most convenient" pho place. Grrr!PHOI think, because I thought this must have been the place my friend was raving about, I had much higher expectations than I should have for it. The pho was just barely warm enough to be acceptable. The broth wasn't really that great either. If just barely had this taste of being...old, or not fresh. It wasn't spoiled or anything that bad, but it just didn't taste very fresh. The broth did its job, but didn't have that tiny bit of sweetness that I've had in better broths. The tripe specifically was very....tripe-y. I like tripe, but it sort of teeters on a line where if you cross it, it starts to taste bad, and it was just starting to go that way. Honestly, I would look for a different place for pho.SPRING ROLLSPretty decent, but nothing spectacular. No flavors really came out of the spring roll it self. The sauce was peanutty and sweet, and essentially, the spring rolls were just textured canvases for the sauce. Texture was good, the "skin" wasn't too thick. About average. You could do better, but it gets the job done.GRILLED PORK BAHN MIPoor Bahn Mi. I like it, but I always get pho when I go to a Vietnamese place, so I'm too full. Luckily, I had a friend here to split one. The bread was very crusty, which sounds bad, but is actually really good. The crust was crunchy, but not hard. The pork had a real nice smoky sweet flavor and the veggies made it taste fresh. This is only the 2nd time I've had Bahn Mi, and so far, it tasted pretty close to my first one, so I'm not sure how to distinguish these yet. It was very tasty though!NOT PHO MEGranted, the bahn mi was excellent, but so far, for me at least, bahn mi is always excellent. The pho, though, was a real downer. It just didn't really taste fresh, so it was one of the worse ones I've had. Considering that there is an area with a lot of pho places further west, I'd say skip this one, even though it is one of the closest to The Strip (I think)!
3	I have to agree with Hiro 100%, this place smelt very funny definitely a cigeratte smell probably from the bar two doors down. But the smell alone will make this my second and last visit here.But I still think they deserve three stars because the food was fairly good. Had a order of fresh spring rolls and pho both very tasty, but I can't get over to smell to find it in me to come back.
5	I can't believe I'm giving a five star. I am VERY picky, especially when it comes to Pho. The Pho here is phenomenal. Oddly enough, the best Pho I have ever had was in Oklahoma CIty!?!?!?!?! This place easily stacks up with the best of them there. Been living in Las Vegas for 9 months now and just today got around to  trying this place. Best move I've made since the move to Vegas. Great food, friendly staff and large portions!!!!
4	This was my first time here and I had a pretty good experience.  I met a friend for lunch because she said she loves the sandwiches here.  I haven't eaten a lot of bahn mi since moving to Vegas, and I really like them so I was excited to give this place a try.  Since I've been making pho at home for every meal I eat in, I wasn't about to order their pho.  THAT would just be pho-king extreme.I ordered the spring rolls and #57, which I think was steamed pork and pate.  Can I just say, YUMMY IN MY TUMMY!!!  The spring rolls could've used a little more meat and shrimp, but it was still really good.  It wasn't dry and rubbery like some spring rolls tend to be when it's not fresh.  My sandwich was so delicious. The bread is impossibly crispy and soft at the same time, and the fillings were ample.  I loved the subtle sweetness in the mayo that they use here as well.  If I am craving bahn mi, I will definitely stop here. For a mere 3 bucks a pop, sign me up!One negative is that the server never came back to refill my water even though it was sitting on the edge of the table empty for nearly the entire meal.  Just don't expect too much out of the service here, but again, 3 bucks a pop!
5	Excellent place for soup, i've been to a lot of places in the search for the best pho soup. I found this place around a year and a half ago and don't go anywhere else, customer service is great...in there so often we don't even have to order, the lady remembers or order right down to the scoop of rice. Its greatly priced kind of far to drive but its worth ever minute of the drive.
5	Always go here for take out when I'm feeling home sick with my partner. she loves the Banh mi thit nuong (grilled pork sandwich which is my fav) and Cha Gio(fried mince pork rolls) Yummy.
4	Fresh & tasty Bah mi & spring rolls!
4	After searching for a quality bowl of pho near UNLV for some time, I stumbled upon this gem. For around $10 I got a big bowl of noodle pho and a grilled pork bahn mi sandwich, both of them delicious.The place is nothing special to look at, but the food is what matters, and this restaurant hits home on the flavor front. For the price and quality, I have not found a better Vietnamese restaurant outside of Spring Mountain Road.
4	The Banh mi thit cha was legit, and the spring rolls were good. Came here after reading the Las Vegas Weekly article on top 10 sandwiches and this was on there it was definately delicious and dirt cheap
4	Awesome sandwich! Also had an asparagus crab soup. It was alright. Cornstarch based soups aren't something I normally seek out. But food was legit. I'd come back if I was in the area.
4	This is my go to Pho place if I am not interested in going to Spring Mountain.  They have some big plusses.  1.  Pho, Bahn Mi, and Bun all in the same restaurant.2.  Free Wi-Fi3.  The ladies here are really helpful and put up with our strange requests.  (One son likes Bahn Mi made from Kalbi, another likes the egg and sausage Bahn Mi with no veggies or Jalapenos, stuff like that)Downside, when the ladies aren't in town/the restaurant, the service can be less than praiseworthy. We've been coming here for 4 years now and it is one of our favorite pho/bun places.
3	I stopped into Thanh Huong for some lunch before class since I had some time to spare. I was the only one there, the service was great, the cashier at the front rang me up and made my sandwich in less than 5 minutes. Kudos to him. HOWEVER...He shouldn't have had to do that ...there were 2 other employees on the side of the restaurant hanging out. The restaurant is pretty spacious and very clean. I got the chicken and pate sandwich which was decent for $3.50. The fillings were great but what makes a good vietnamese sandwich is the bread. I found the bread to be too crumbly...I ended up with crumbs all over me lol. They should think about converting to baguettes like most Vietnamese sandwich shops have...it is easier to eat. The place is decent for a quick bite before class...but I'd probably go to Mr. Sandwich once that opens by UNLV if I'm craving Vietnamese sandwiches.
4	Grilled pork sandwich is the best, it is only $3.50.  Pho is great.  But is that price is higher than most places???
4	I like to come here as an alternate to fighting the crowds in Chinatown. The restaurant is never crowded, the staff is attentive, and the food is delicious. My personal favorites are the $3.25 pork sandwiches, pho, and spring rolls.
5	I don't normally go to Pho places but after trying Vietnamese sandwiches more often in the past month i decided to come here. The only other place i've had a Vietnamese sandwich was a place on Spring Mountain and all I can say about that experience is, well meh.My family felt like getting some pho, but i didn't and felt like a sandwich so i chose to come to this restaurant as I knew they had the sandwiches but never tried them. I ordered 2 Grilled pork subs. When i saw them being handed to me, I smiled. They were bigger, Looked more fresh, and after tasting it, it tasted a whole bunch better than my previous experience. All i can say is that as of now, This place has the best vietnamese sandwiches i've tasted. And for less than 4 dollars it's a great deal.Service could be a little better. The People working there look like students attending UNLV. It doesn't matter the age, but I just think service was just meh. Definitely come check it out.
2	Greetings Yelpers. The sandwich here is pretty good. I took my sister here last night at 930pm. I saw a guy looking at us and getting ready to turn off the "Open" sign. (I thought nothing of it at the time) As we walked in the shop, I turned to the guy and said, "Go ahead, turn it off. We are just ordering sandwiches." The cashier simply smiled and just stood there. Some girl (perhaps one of the waitress) said, "Oh, we are out of bread." SERIOUSLY?!  It's not even closing time. It's a sandwich shop. VERY DISAPPOINTED!
3	Ehhhh...While service was awesome and accommodating, the food was a definite miss.Ordered the veggie & tofu pho, added chicken, and switched beef to pork broth--a recommendation from the server. But the soup just didn't do it for me. The downer-side was the broth, I think. It tasted sweet and fishy towards the bottom. Maybe this is how their pork broth is served but it kinda killed my appetite because it wasn't anything I expected. Nevertheless, the fixings we a great amount and there we various veggie in my bowl to make me happy. Next time I'll have to try their sandwiches. I've been told they're one of the best in town.
4	This Pho and Vietnamese restaurant in a small strip plaza across from UNLV is just about a 10 minute drive from the Strip.  We went in on Thanksgiving Day, after leaving the airport, at about 2pm and found it not that crowded after lunch.  We were quickly greeted and seated. We ordered some Smoothies with Boba, which were amazing.  Unfortunately, I do not recall exactly what I ordered; however, the taste was great. It was appealing to the eye, tasted great, and the price was reasonable with large portions.Definitely would recommend.
2	I stumbled upon this place while going to the Cuban place in the same lot but it was closed. I am always hungry for a good bahn mi. I walked in to a nice looking restaurant that was completely empty. I ordered a grilled pork and a chicken bahn mi. The heated the bread In a convection oven and it was the star of the show. The meat was already made and stored in a cold counter behind the register. They heated both meats simultaneously in a microwave. I was a little upset they don't grill the meat to order and maybe this is why there were no customers. Not a fan
2	I just cannot like this place.  Or maybe I should just say Pho in general.  I have tried.  Honestly, I have.  And if I have tried at any place, it is certainly this location.The decor is plain.  Some carpeting and a standard counter with plenty of table space for groups.  The menu photos are bleak.  And the soup is basically water and noodles with vegetables and whatever else you tell them to throw in there for the price.  I have had friend after friend drag me in to this place and tell me that Pho would change my life.  Sadly, however, it did not.  It was simply Pho.  And I was unsatisfied.The location is convenient for UNLV students, being located right by campus.  The prices were reasonable for water soup in a bowl.  But try as I might, and no matter how many spices I tried to throw in it to flare it, it was still just runny, watery, soup.If you like Pho and you don't mind simple decor and okay service, you will probably enjoy this place.  But if you're never ventured towards the land of Vietnamese soups and you're wondering - you can probably pass.
4	I heard their sandwich is the best in town, I stopped by and tried it once, for each sandwich it's only $3.5 including tax and the quality is really really good. I also tried the Pho, the broth was clean and tasty. The service was really accommodating. The place looks warm in general. Wouldn't be the best restaurant to take your date but would be the best restaurant to stop by to eat with ur friends and family.
5	super delicious pho!!!  Not too expensive , always great customer service ... very nice family who works there / runs it... i love this place.  Highly recomend if you love pho.
1	No, just no. My boyfriend and I came here for a late lunch. He ordered a chicken bahn mi because of the good reviews here and I got a chicken noodle soup. The bahn mi was dry and bland. My noodle soup consisted of a tiny portions of rice noodles and rotisserie chicken. Wtf? Definitely won't return.
5	I grew up on vietnamese sandwiches and I have to say this place is my favorite. Dakao is pretty good but this place is bomb!
4	This is one of my favorite spots to grab a bite to eat. I love that they are very accommodating to my vegan diet. They were willing to substitute grilled tofu instead of pork for the vermicelli noodles as well as a yummy banh mi sandwich. I also loved that they actually flavored my tofu with taste like a garlic, sesame, soy sauce. My husband loves the huge bowl of pho in coconut milk and spices. I order the side dish of noodles and side dish of soup for my kids to share (it is huge). Only think my kids were not too fond of was the meatballs. Very tough texture and not appetizing to my husband and kids. All-in-all this is a favorite spot.
4	Came across this place by accident. Glad we stopped in. After a long day of shopping this really hit the spot.Tried this place pretty good. I would come back when I'm visiting Vegas. The spring rolls not so good
5	Best Pho ever! The broth is simply amazing!!! It's addicting :). They also have it to go, they make sure to pack it securely so nothing spills.  Never had issues to get it home safely.
3	Ok, so we were a large group of black people but we like our pho. Service was ok, extremely slow, and she forgot a few items. We had to keep waving over the hostess who would then go into the kitchen to get our waitress.
5	Awesome food and pho. Try the grilled pork sandwich.  You won't be disappointed. I eat here every week and I live pretty far from here.
3	I had the chicken sandwich here. I thought it was very good and the price was very fair. I was open to eating just about anything on the menu, but being so close to the university sometimes can be pricy. So I was mainly there snooping.The dining area was very clean and the staff was attentive, not annoyingly so. It was quick too and the price was right $3.50..
4	For being away from China Town this place is legit! Lucky UNLVers can get their fill of great sandwiches and Vietnamese cuisine, a hot to for me is the #32 virmacilli bowl which has a great array of flavors with not too much guilt on the calorie side.  All in all a solid place to get some good eats if your on this side of town!
3	Accomodated our large party easily. Decent Vietnamese food not too far from The Strip.
4	Strip mall location near airport. Cafe appearance, clean. Jasmine tea is a bit weak. Rice noodle bowl with grilled pork and shrimp refreshing. Fresh rolls has shrimp and beef without sign of bread.. Thank heavens.
5	Perfect location,  good costumer service,  great food and reasonable prices.  I had the grilled chicken sandwich (3.50$) really good filling sandwich
4	It was really too hot in Las Vegas for pho, but pho is a damn good hangover cure and it was, after all, the Saturday after a REALLY good night.The service was really good and all the food came out very quick. They had fresh coconut which was a treat in 100 degree weather. Prices were also very fair considering the amount of food... We really could've done 2 people to a bowl but our cognitive powers were not at their best at the time. Great off-strip option without being too far away.
5	Best spring roll and sauce in town that I have found.  In cooking,  it's all about the sauce.  They have a great peanut sauce,  that goes well with there fresh spring rolls.  Can't get enough.
4	this place is bomb.
3	Small restaurant. Bun Bo hue is decent .. Only issue was NO AC .. It was 100 degree outside.
3	The service was a bit slow. There were quite a few people eating when myself and my friend arrived and it took a very long time for someone to finally come take our order. The drinks we ordered were iced coffee and were not brought right away but about 5 minutes after ordering. The coffee was very good and very strong, perfect for Vegas hangover. I ordered a pork sandwich and it was so good. The meat was great and the bread was so light and fresh. I could tell they bake the bread on-site everyday. I really enjoyed the food here and would eat there again. The pho looked really good too from what I could see around me.
3	Decent banh mi. Okay bun cha.
5	This restaurant has the best tofu spring rolls I have ever tasted. Whether with the peanut sauce or the sweet and sour sauce, they are incredibly delicious and definitely worth a try!
3	Pretty good pho here and the service was quick and friendly. It's located across the street from UNLV in a strip mall. Make sure you have a cab driver's number (unless you drove) or else it's tough to catch a ride back.
5	I go to this restaurant every time I visit Vegas.  Their Pho is so good.  The restaurant is clean and the service is fast.
5	WOW!  Phenomenal service.  Flavor packed Pho.  Exceptionally clean restaurant.Decided to give this place a try on a Sunday night since it's just around the corner from me and didn't feel like making the journey all the way to Chinatown.All I can say is WOW!  Went in there with no expectations and walked away beyond happy.  I moved to Vegas about 4 months ago from San Diego where the Pho shops are plentiful and have tried many in the area since arriving.  Thanh Huong will now be my go to for my pho fix.The servers were SO nice and prompt with everything.  The pho was not heavy nor was it very bland, it was PERFECT!  You also get the option to build you own pho starting with just the beef broth and the noodles, which is great because you only get what you want in it.  To add to it all, unlike some other pho restaurants in the area this one is CLEAN AND... wait for it... they DO NOT bus an entire table on to a dish-washing cart right in front of you as you are eating.  HALLELUJAH! This place gets 5/5 because I have eaten at MANY pho restaurants throughout the southwest over the the years and I can honestly say this one is one of my top choices.
5	Great Pho and they're not stingy on the toppin's, good Spring rolls and Banh Mi Reasonably priced to boot.Phenomenal service.  Exceptionally clean restaurant.
3	I got the #11 pho with any desired topping to choose. The beef broth was good! The bowl was large and worth the $8.50! BUT I found 2 strands of hair in it!!!! And another 1 in my mouth.... I didn't want to tell the worker but I should've. The servers were nice and the food was good, so I felt bad if I complained to them.
5	Soooooo AMAZING! A party of 20 came before my party of 6 but we were greeted and take care of as equally fast. Food was amazingly good! My entire family kept saying, "Mmmmmmmm". We didn't stop eating until we were all too full that we felt we were going to explode or be rolled out. Haha!!
5	Tried their chicken pho & a sandwich the server recommended and everything was delicious. I was pretty hungover and it brought me back to life. The customer service was good too and it's at a pretty good location.
4	Excellent food and service.I love this pho place.It is a hole in the wall kind of restaurant located not so far from UNLV.This restaurant have a wide selection for Bun mini and Pho as well as bona drink.I have been here several time and every time I am impressed with good food and service.I ordered Bun Riue and my friend order Pho Tai.Also we ordered Cha Goo,so good.The negative side for this restaurant is the pho here comes in a big portion If you do not eat that much I would recommend  you to share it with someone.The waiting staffs here always have a nice smile and greet promptly each time I visit this restaurant.Definitely one of my favourite Pho place.
5	Yum!!!!! This place is delicious. I could eat here every day. The staff is very friendly and brings out your food at very reasonable times.
3	I'm really upset.. I've been going here for years and WAS my favorite place.. Sadly came in today because I wasn't feeling well. Noticed the menu looked different, different staff.. Not sure if they changed owners, but the Pho WAS NOT AT ALL THE SAME! NOODLES were completely different. Kind of cheap tasting. Other food was great just upset that the Pho is no longer the same..
3	Be not deceived with the first appearance of things, for show is not substance.English Proverb  The bread is warm,inviting,soft,and freshly baked, What a delightful creature you are! But don't allow the warmth of the egg on your sandwich fool you! it is a symphony of cool cucumbers,spicy jalapenos,and cilantro that make your eyes and nose water in sheer delight!  The service was warm,friendly,and the girl who was working the counter was more than happy to answer my questions. Banh mi trung chien lap xuong fried eggs &chinese sausages $3.50fried fish balls appetizer $3.50total $7.57 +$3.00 tip . (  don't be a cheapskate with your gratuities!)
5	When the craving hits and china town is too far away. Finding a good banh mi sandwich is hit and miss but this place is spot on. Always clean , friendly staff and good food.  Also the portions are awesome lots of meat in the sandwiches, bread is always fresh. Great prices for students and hungry folks on a budget.
5	well... lets just say we all have our favs.... I ride a motorcycle order 2 lg to go . I say not enough basil . I say it again , later . last two times ..great basil. and the soup ..... it don't suck baby ! I get service and respect and good food . hard to get theses day for us old vegas guys. ok.... upqate I got one to go just now ...they screwed me on the basil .....wef
4	Good food for the price. The restaurant is can accommodate large groups. They are quick with orders and all the staff is friendly and helpful. They offer take out and are quick about getting orders ready. A nice place for an affordable and delicious lunch in comparison to the other fast food junk around.
5	The advantage of having a big family is that you get to try different things! The grilled pork either in the Banh Mi or the Bun is a must. The broth for the Pho was the best I've ever had. The fried spring rolls were really good. To drink I recommend the soursop (guanabana) and mango shake. They are delicious and taste just like fresh fruit. I'm glad this is where we chose to eat on our over night stay in Vegas.
