4	Wow LOTS of beers here as you might guess from their name.  Definitely a change of pace from most of the other bars on Mill Ave, THEY DONT EVEN SERVE LIQUOR!  I stopped in here on a Tuesday right after they opened and it was pretty packed.
3	Well, I have mixed reviews about this place! First of all, they have an amazing beer selection! I have only been to one other place that rivals world of beer as far as selection goes. The atmosphere inside the bar was nice, great tv's and a comfortable feel! Can't wait till they open up the seating section upstairs. It was very busy today , but my guess is because it was due to NFL pre-season starting! Now the bad! The patio could use a few free standing bistro tables so people have a place to put there beers while having a smoke or socializing outside! As far as inside the bar goes, my only complaint was with the bar staff. Now I realize that it was very busy when I got there, but I was lucky enough to grab a seat at the bar fairly quick, I sat for almost 15 min before someone helped me! I think I counted at least 12 people working behind the bar. With a bar that size there is no reason with that many bartenders and bar backs it should take that long for service, some were playing on there phones, others looked like they were socializing with friends, and a couple bartenders just looked lost! I understand this place is relatively newer and it's going to take some time to work out the kinks! But witnessing a bartender use his pinky as a toothpick and then serve people a beer, with fruit in it, without washing his hands is just unacceptable! And last thing is uniform! Everyone had a world of beer shirt but some people had jeans, khakis, leopard print skirts, per the word "uniform" they failed.Having experience in this industry from a management standpoint I see a lot of things that need to be adjusted! I'll give it a month or two and then stop back in.
4	Festive with a deep beer list. Great set up if you like live bands delivering music from up on high while drinking micro brews. Lots of tv's and pretty good selection of Az brews.
4	Yes, I am a big fan!My taste for beer has grown exponentially over the years and with World of Beer moving into the hood I can expand my taste some more. It isn't in the most convenient location for me, but it's in a good spot for the town. I work in Tempe so this will be a happy hour spot for me. When we first walked in I totally understood what everyone else meant by it's too small. Kind of narrow and full of people can be a little daunting. However we totally lucked out and got two prime seats up at he bar right as a couple of guys were leaving. And when I say they were packed it was slammed, took nearly 15 minutes to get a drink and we were staring the bar tenders in the face. There were many factors playing into this so I wont hold it against them for too long, it was happy hour, they are new, probably still training most of the staff and just a lot going on. They will really need to get a better handle on he crowd, because 15 min for a beer, not going to fly with most people. Suggestions: Don't have 15 people behind the bar, it was obvious that it was hard for you all to navigate around each other. Maybe assign stations, like each bartender gets 6 ft of bar space they are responsible for so they aren't all running around all over the place. Don't be affraid to look at people in the face, we were ignored for so long because I think they were afraid to look up it was so busy. Eye contact is a great way to keep up on customer service, you will know immediatly if someone needs something.  One thing really turned the service around for me though, it was a Thursday and I read that it was Ladies Night (1/2 off select draft beers), but I wasn't sure what beers that entailed. I asked the bartender which ones were included, half expecting him to give me a half assed answer, rightfully so though, they were crazy busy and a customer asking for details would surely irritate anyone, but no. This bartender, wish I got his name, took the time to point out the ones that I could get for 1/2 price and started to explain them to me. So nice! I stopped him early tho so as to not waist his time anymore, and ordered one I saw that was on special I already wanted. They have great TVs for sports watching, the bathrooms are very nice big and clean, and the patio area is very cute. They should think about putting a few bar tables out there, no chairs just tables, so that people have something to set their drinks on while they are outside. I will defiantly be back, I have a lot of work to do if I want to get some good rewards point ;-)
2	There is nothing exciting about a stale corporate version of Taste of Tops. They have the same beers and are much more expensive than Taste of Tops. Guess the rent on Mill Ave is a lot more than on University a couple of blocks away.  Loud and horrendously bad music doesn't help either.  No food but you can call the local restaurants for delivery, but this is a problem because when the delivery people get there they have no idea on who ordered the food and you can't hear your phone ring so the delivery people just wander around aimlessly.. Also you have Mill Ave parking issues to deal with. They do have a lot of beers to choose from but so does Tops down the street.  My advice, save your wallet and your ears and go to Tops down the street instead.
1	It's like Buffalo Wild Wings minus the wings. Well, yeah, and more beer. Barely.  At 4pm on a Thursday three friends and I found an empty table (shocking in a place that likely seats fewer people than The Grind).  After roughly ten minutes at the table one of my friends finally got up and asked a waitress for menus. As there were probably 25 people working, it wasn't hard to find somebody to ask. Strange since not one of them had been over to us yet. She wasn't given a bottle list, which apparently is a claim to fame for them, but we got to look over their taps and a list of local eateries that are willing to deliver.  Hmm, no thanks on that idea. The taps were a disappointment. A large variety of over priced local offerings, some mediocre imports (Colorado and Oregon make great beer but having Dead Guy on your tap isn't risque). Not even a single sour.  At this point we were getting pretty thirsty. A timer was set for 15 minutes. If a server didn't ask us for an order we were outta here. The server did finally show up. She talked to the other party taking up the rest of the room. I leaned into my group and told them that watch, this girl wasn't going to even *allow* us to make eye contact. She was going to get their bill straight, ignore us, and split.  Exactly what happened. She literally kept her back to us the *entire* time she was in the room.   On the way out I asked a server if the room we were sitting in offered wait service, or if the customers were expected to walk to the bar to order a beer. Again, without eye contact, she said yeah the room has service, and then turned her back to me and stared at her notepad.  This isn't their first location. A company with as many outlets as these guys have should open with servers who know how to carry one-single-product from point A to point B.  Rude servers. Maybe not all of them, but I wouldn't know. After the three I dealt with here I won't ever deal with a fourth. Lackluster tap list. If you want good taps go to Taste of Tops or Brat House, or a smaller spot like TMI.  No food. Having deliveries doesn't count.  Big Business Chain. While the owners want you to think its an edgy, tattoo'd and hip local spot for cool kids, it's not.
1	My friend and I hit this place hoping for another good bar with great local beers. They do have a lot of beers but unfortunately the bar is too small and poorly laid out. I don't mind standing but there wasn't even any good places to stand here we were always in the way. Service was pretty horrible, I was handed a beer list and ordered a beer only to be told 5 minutes later that the keg was empty. So I ordered a different beer only to be told another 5 minutes later that that keg was gone. Frustrated I just ordered what my friend had gotten and that beer was finally handed to me about 10 minutes later. My friend and I finished our beers and decided to bail, it took another 20 minutes to get our bill (for our 2 beers).  Needless to say, there are much better places to go for a good brew.
1	Color me unimpressed.Anybody who knows me (and even some who don't) know that I love my beer. I consider myself a connoisseur, and have been called a beer snob on occasion (might have to do with my twitter handle.) With 54 taps and 500 bottles, this place certainly doesn't disappoint on the beer aspect. So why the 1 star, you might ask? With all of my high hopes for this place, it fell flat on its face in every aspect I feared it would. It was over crowded with far too little seating (we ended up standing). The music was loud enough that everybody had to practically shout and lean in towards each other to be heard. Then there was the service.Only one other time have I ever even considered walking out on a tab. It takes a lot to get me to that point. Now while we were greeted quickly, which sounds like a rarity, this was the only good portion of the service. While my own beer arrived within only about 5 minutes, my friend's beer waited under the tap for a good 10 minutes, completely forgotten about. Of course this was only after he was told twice that the other beers he wanted were no longer available, with 5 minute gaps between each of these. At this point we decided to finish our beers and be done with this place. Little did we know, this was no easy task. Getting near the end of our beers, our server asked if we would like another round and we said, "No we'd like to tab out." Simple enough. 20 minutes later, still no check. I managed to get the attention of our server again finally and held my credit card out toward her this time, hoping for a stronger hint. "Oh, would you like to tab out?"I am quite certain I will not be giving this place a second chance.
2	Eek.Went in expecting a whole lot.  Yes, there is a whole lot of beer.  Lots that you may never see on tap unless you are quite traveled.  Lots that you see in the grocery every day.Carded at the door.  This is Tempe, and it's a bar.10 minutes until the waitress asks if we'd like a menu.  Yes.  Of course we want a menu.  You have 550 beers.6 minutes later she brings two waters, for the four of us.  "I forgot your menus!".  The gents next to us hand us theirs.4 minutes later we place an order for two beers.  I have to repeat myself 4 times.  My girlfriend repeats herself 3 times, only to have the waitress come back and confirm the beer she ordered (note: she guessed wrong!).  She then comes back to card us (remember, we were carded by two gentlemen at the door).  She leaves.  She then drops off our two beers, and a check, with no offer for a tab.  Strange.  I hand her cash, to which she brings no change back.My two friends order two beers, and are, again, carded before being served their beers.  Their check is dropped, with once again, no offer at a tab.We went across the street to Robbie Fox's instead of having another.  I doubt I'll be back.+ for a ton of beers, though I wonder how rotating those will go.  I have many doubts they will sell through 500 differing beers (x however many cases of each they have) before they start to get questionable.+ for some great beers on tap- Running cards after every beer.  Not only is this annoying, but it costs your business every time you do so.  Color me confused.- Poor service overall, from double or triple carding, to menu dropping / table touching / attentiveness
2	OK I've got the inside skinny on this place and I'm gonna shoot straight.I've decided to edit DOWN this review as this place doesn't deserve all the BLAH BLAH I've given it.On the corner of 6th and Mill in Tempe. Park for free at 5th and Farmer across the railroad tracks.Mill Ave. is all metered parking now.I've been waiting for W.O.B. to open for ages and finally stopped in for a stiff 12oz. Oskar Blues Old Chub (8% ABV) to check out the place. With tip I think the beer was $8.59. OUCH. Kiss my ass!The place DOES have a wide selection of good beers a beer connoiseur would expect as well as many locals, but you sure as hell pay for it. They're milking Mill Ave. for all it's worth, that's for sure, and pandering to the university crowd with HALF OFF drafts for university students, faculty and staff on Wednesdays. All you public sheeple have to get a Loyalty Card or show up for happy hour for any sort of discount, which is definitely LESS than half off.Makes me want to get a student ID again (I graduated with a B.Sc. in the 90's, thank you very much) so I can have my ass kissed by everyone who wants my money rather than be the ass kisser of places who think they're doing me a favor by being there. W.O.B. is a sports bar with good beer and NO FOOD, but I understand they partnered with a few local places that will deliver in. The place is small and I fully expect it to be packed with university rookies when school starts. I'm not looking forward to this. I hate zoos and so do the local beer snobs.Sure the place has lots of great beers but the atmosphere is cow-herdy and loud,  and you should take advantage of price breaks whenever possible or get ready to feel regretful. If it's crowded, JUST WALK BACK OUT. Good luck getting a seat, and squeezing in and ordering is a royal pain."Nobody goes there, it's too crowded."  -- Yogi BerraIf you plan to go at all, go early happy hour then split when the ant farm comes in.However I'm glad for its presence because it's contributing to beer consciousness and the growth of the craft beer industry by showing people there's more to beer than fizzy yellow rat piss. Bottom line is I won't be a regular here, I might stop in for some tap takeovers or other promo events, but I refuse to pay full price when I can drink incredible beers for much less elsewhere. No I'm not telling you where. HOWEVER there's a place that can handle ANY crowd with speed and efficiency, has plenty of seating, friendly staff that has time to talk to you, has incredible beers on tap and in the fridge, AND IN-HOUSE food with pizzas to die for, and that is PAPAGO BREWING in south Scottsdale at McDowell and Scottsdale Rd in the plaza next to the Mandarin Buffet.Have fun  getting annoyed at W.O.B., sheeple!Or head to PAPAGO where they keep it real.
4	I have been following World of Beer one Facebook since they first created a page and started planning.  I have been drinking more craft beer and obscure finds recently and the list of available brands was something I was excited for, even though I knew most would be bottles. I saw Tuesday was going to be a tapping of SanTan Brewing Co Count Hopula and a perfect day to experience the bar for my first time. I liked the location - right on Mill. The beer selection is obviously excellent and I would say among the best in Phoenix. Yardhouse has more on tap, but considering taps & bottles I don't know that anyone surpasses WOB. The building was cool too - an old bank with a brick interior, the bank vault, etc.  They don't serve food, which for me is actually a positive. That means people likely won't be hanging around all night - come in for a couple of drinks and go. I didn't mind the price of the beer. I had the Count Hopula on draught for $5.50. Bottles ranged from $5 to one I saw that was $15, but then again it's not your daddy's ole Natty Light and considering Tilted Kilt is $6 for a draught, it's not bad. I did end up paying the $15 for a loyalty card. If you plan on going only once or twice it's probably not worth it. If you think you will go frequently to occasionally, why not get it? It's good for 25% off bottles on Tuesday and it is a one-time fee.  Having the card also tracks your drinking habits in the system so you can earn rewards and if you download the handy app for free you can see your progress as well as research new beers to try. Following the Count Hopula I went to bottles to enjoy the 25% off. I started with the Samichalus Helles at 14% alc. I fellow patron who was well informed on beer suggested it and gave me a background story on it. I wouldn't recommend more than one.... A Black Sheep Holy Grail and a Papago Orange Blossom and I called it a night. The bartenders were plentiful and always busy. Each was very knowledgeable and the guy who told me about the Samichalus told me about their required training. There was only one waitress and she was overwhelmed as they were apparently one waitress short - but I prefer to sit at the bar.The one negative about everything was the seating. It is a small location. There are several seats at the bar, but those fill up quickly. There are a few long tables, a few small tables in the main area, a back room, and a front room, but again, it was small. Arriving at 4pm on Tuesday I initially was already standing until someone left the bar about 10 minutes later. I can't imagine what it will be like when school is in session, during football games, or any given weekend.  There is an upstairs area, but that is where live music is played. Fortunately for me there was no live music at the time. I like going to concerts and enjoy music, but typically do not like live music when I am going to a bar or restaurant. Overall everything was positive for me and I will definitely be back...but likely during the late afternoon before the crowds start appearing.
3	World of Beer is... good. Just not great.The pro is that they have a crazy selection of beer, and the staff seems well educated on almost all of them. The con is that it just isn't a great environment in which to enjoy those beers. There are some small seating areas, and the bank valut is neat, but for the most part it is just packed, standing room only.If I'm going somewhere that has a hard to find, quality craft beer, I'm not going to want to swig it quickly while bum-to-bollocks with a large crowd. I want to go with friends to talk and enjoy that beer at a nice pace. That's just tough to do at WoB.Good on them for promoting craft and speciality beers, but beer is a social beverage, and the social part of their equation is a bit lacking.
1	"Why am I here?" was the only thing I could think of while standing on the handicap ramp in a very crowded, very poorly chosen location. I've thought about the positives: Expansive craft beer selection, relatively quick service considering the space constraints and crowd size, live music, and lots of guest brewers coming in (shout-out to Four Peaks!). But after considering all of these positives, I was still standing on a ramp with a $7 Brewdog IPA (which is amazing) in hand questioning why in the world they would put this great of a concept in this terrible of a location. I can't help but to think that World of Beer Inc. saw an opportunity to capitalize on the craft beer culture that has been pioneered by the likes of The Roosevelt Tavern, Four Peaks, Papago Brewing and Taste of Tops (among others), and forced their corporate concept on to Mill Ave in to whatever space they could find. It should be noted that this Florida-based company is being run by the former management of Outback Steakhouse. At least I hope the franchisee is a local and has better bona fides than the corporate Outback crew. If you really are in to craft beer, support your local proprietors!
3	I really wanted to give this place a better review but there are some major flaws. First off this place is way too small to handle the amount of people that come in, Many people are left just standing and trying to cram themselves. This would not be a good place for someone who is claustrophobic. Once you get past that the beer selection is good and our bartender was good. Next gripe, this place does not serve any sort of food, they say you can order food and have it delivered which seems like the weirdest concept I've heard in my yelping days. At that point you're better off picking up your favorite brew at bevmo or going somewhere that does serve food. Overall try it out and you might like it, for me I doubt I will be back.
3	Went last Thursday night to stop in and check out the new bar.  Super busy, probably because it was the opening week.  Not a lot of seating to go around.  I ended up snagging a little portion of a booth, and accidentally put my arms on the table.  Got caked on beer all over my arms, super sticky.  Menu of beers was super impressive.  I would have enjoyed some sort of sampler flight but it was way to busy at the bar to order without spilling it all over the place with people packed in three or four deep from the bar.   They also had live music which was nice where you could see the band on the second floor.  Crowd was college aged due to being right next to the college as expected.  I might want to try this place during the daytime in order not to feel crammed in.   Beer size was an issue with myself as others have stated, for the price you pay.  Also to bad no bar food,  I like to snack and enjoy my beers.
1	Not enough seating to enjoy the experience. They do not serve food, bad idea.
1	I hated this place from the moment I stepped onto the patio and had my first encounter with the rude security people.  There wasn't enough seating maybe just two small tables outside on patio.  When you enter the building its tiny inside with very little seating as well and too much space is used up for walking space.  The layout is just poorly done.  Walked up to the bar to order a drink and waited patiently for quite sometime before the bar tender came over and helped a rude drunk that pushed his way up right next to me well almost on top of me.  I literally had to push the drink guy off of me and tell him to chill out.  I pushed him off of me several times.  The bar tender was beyond rude catering to the drunk man saying hey listen we are all here to have fun but that was directed at me the sober lady that had been waiting patiently for someone to take my order.  The dumb bar tender should have asked if he could help me but of course he was too stupid to do that and the drunk was argumentative and apologetic you know an annoying apologetic drunk.  It was awesome.  The place totally sucks.  My husband and I both said that the whole vibe was a bad one, the seating sucked, the building sucks, and the employees were negative and rude.  Would never go back.
5	Honestly, I wasn't even a fan of beer before this place (yeah yeah yeah... What can I say, I love my hard liquor). All the bartenders are knowledgeable and helped me discover my favorite beer. They even let me sample some before I committed to the one.Great service, convenient location, quick service, knowledgable staff, affordable prices for craft beers, and a overall sexy staff (has no effect on my beer, but great candy for my eyes).Check this place out with your friends! My recommendation would be to be adventurous and try to discovery a new beer and don't be afraid to ask the staff tons of questions like I did!Cheers!
5	Great beers even better service. Went in, it was packed, was still able to get drinks. Didn't  know what i wanted, but was still able to try beers till i found something i liked. Nice to have a place with a sense of urgency while still being friendly. Sit back and take a lesson mill.
4	Not what I expected. That is how I would describe World of Beer.Just like WOB, I'm new to Tempe, so I wanted to see what all the hype was about. From its name I would defer that this world of beer was a casual establishment that put great pride in the variety of fancy, imported, non-U.S. made drafts. Kind of like a swanky wine bar but for beer. I was NOT expecting it to be so welcoming to the Friday/saturday crowd that Mill attracts. I thought it was going to take a more settled down vibe and boost in its sosphictacted-ness whilst the young-ins sip cheap vodka and Bud Lights at the clubs.But no! This place was poppin' on a Friday night on Mill. I went for a a little pre-club drink and it was packed wall to wall. The bouncers almost didn't let me in because my I.D. is from MO which was an odd, but minor issue. The bigger issue was being able to hear yourself over the crowd. If you couldn't listen to the person next to you talk, no worries you were being otherwise entertained by the delightfully fun live band playing above the bar. The atmosphere was so chill and hip and welcoming to the average 20-something, much different from the stuffy, stuck-up vibe I was expecting. Gotta pay major props to WOB for hosting such an awesome crowd while serving such an insane variety of beverage choices. I think it's pretty cool that a college bar enviroment now has somewhere where you can get a well-made, imported beer and not drink $4 well drunks made with $2 vodka. It's nice to be able to act and dress in the same attire as Que or Robby Fox's but enjoy a more mature drink and way cooler atmosphere.
3	Here's how I arrived at 3 of 5 stars.Beer: there's not one person who can deny that this place has an exceptionally large, and fleshed out selection of beer. They have beer in nearly every style, price range, and flavor profile, particularly in their bottle selection. Their tap selection is solid - over 50 rotating taps. And they rotate regularly. In the three times I've been here so far, I can honestly say I haven't had the same beer twice, largely because some of the more rare beers are continually getting depleted and replaced. THAT is a fabulous thing. 5 stars for selectionPrice/Quantity: for the most part, prices are pretty decent, with the exception of a $7+ Weihnestephaner Original. After researching keg price and other costs associated with running this business, I figured they were making $500+ profit on a keg of this solid but not special German import. I was actually pretty pissed after realizing this, and swore I'd never go back. But I did, because they have great selection. The second and third visit, I realized that they NEVER tell you when they're pouring a beer into a smaller glass. I figure if they're going to do that for beer that isn't very high in ABV, they should tell you. Particularly when you're getting a $6 or $7 beer. My Stone /Dogfish Head Saison Du BUFF (DELICIOUS) with 7.7% ABV isn't high enough in alcohol to justify the smaller pour. In addition to that problem, STOP pouring me 3-4 fingers (1/2-1") of head, you're wasting space for BEER. I like a good head on my beer, but that's just asinine.  I'm not even getting what I pay for when you give me so much head. And they really need to behead the head on some beers, the thick air bubbles offer a pretty ratty nose. 2 stars for Price/QtyService: The service is pretty decent, and the knowledge of tap and bottle beers is pretty solid. My main gripe is the time it takes to get a server to pay attention to you. Even early Sunday afternoon when they're not very busy, the service is kind of slow. 4 stars for service in my experiences.Atmosphere: face it, this place has too little drinking space. Considering their mission, clientele, and location, they really should have more sqft. I feel like the elevated band space is wasted drinking space. The layout seems a bit poor, but it's difficult to maximize your area when it's so small from the start. And the music is simply way too loud. The live bands make it damn near impossible to talk to your buddies, and I go there to drink and hang out, not really to listen to the bands. They're definitely a bonus, but they aren't the main feature. 3 stars for atmosphere.Mathematically, it should be 3.5 stars, but that's not an option, and I really don't feel like they deserve a full 4 stars. I plan on going back again in a few weeks, once they settle in, and get past the inevitable craziness of opening, to see how they fare. I'll share any new thoughts here.
3	The bar was very nice but it is hard to order a beer there and to find a seat.  Very small bar and everything is priced differently. No posting for happy hour but we got a happy hour discount. Would have been nice to know.
4	Beer! There is not much else to say! The Beer selection here at WOB is awesome with over 50 rotating taps and 10 beer frigs shelving hundreds of bottles even some 22oz selections! WOB has domestic as well as regions all over the world with all different price points and types. When it comes to the tap they keep it seasonal and try to get limited batches that other bars may not have! I think I found my new spot for winding down after work!
3	I work close by and have walked by this place everyday...so I was excited when it finally opened.  After reading some of the Yelp reviews, I thought I better wait a good week or two before planning a work happy hour.  I thought 2 weeks would be sufficient, but the service was still very slow.  Our table had (3) different waitresses, which I think just confused our orders.  My beer order took awhile to get and it was a bottled beer....nothing that came from a tap.  Anyhow, several of my co-workers have already been here already and they all complained about the slow service.  Don't get me wrong, once we got our drinks they were very friendly...it just seemed a little unorganized.The beer selection is excellent!  It's nice to see Arizona beers featured here.  Portland brews not taking all the spot light.  The place itself is small considering the building itself is big.  I thought the entrance of this place is weird...it's all fenced in..got to look for the opening..not very inviting. WOB does not serve any food.  You can order from surrounding restaurants, but such a hassle.  I guess they really believe Beer is Food....therefore, why serve anything else?I will give this place another chance...since our work group needs our monthly "team building" and we like to stick around the Mill Ave. area.  I just hope the service improves and maybe down the road serve some kind of munchies.
3	Finally tried the new World of Beer on a busy Thursday night.  I have seen this location change from an American Apparel and leasing office to now a bar and was pleasantly surprised with how well they transformed the space.  They created a small patio area and changed the windows to garage doors to be completely open on nice nights.  On the inside they created a second story space above the bar, which had a live band playing the night I visited.  So I'm not sure if the area is just for bands or extra space on other nights? There were lots of beers on tap and they had a large fridge of bottled beer from all over the world.  So anyone can be adventuresome without the co$t of travel and try a beer from a different country! The place was OK, but really nothing special. It felt like the chain bar it is and not some cool local hangout.  I still prefer some of the other bars on Mill . Maybe, I will need to give WOB a second chance later down the road, but for now its not the bar for me.
3	More like "World of Clusterfuck", am I right?Okay, we can all agree the concept owns. Countless bottles, all organized by nation are stacked in a row of refrigerators. Like someone bought the beer aisle at BevMo! and said "let's open our own bar with this!". You will marvel at the overwhelming selection.And you will wait.Because when you come here, you'll agree with me that the execution is a real fail. Look, I'm used to being patient about getting a brew. It's right on Mill Ave, of course it's going to be busy and of course It'll be a chore to get some service. Except the layout blows. Absolutely sucks, there's some seating off to the side, and one large, narrow hall through the center. It was actually very difficult navigating this enormous crowd, and near impossible to position myself in front of the actual taps (middle of the room), from where the bartenders exclusively collected orders. After much struggling, I was rewarded with a cold one...not that you can enjoy it All I find myself asking is "why this location"? Your prime demographic just vaguely knows craft beer as Blue Moon and Kiltlifter, and they just wanna shotgun some Miller Lite while they check out some ass. This place is 5 stars for product, but 1 star for execution. I'll be back again, but ONLY during the day.
4	So much Yelp hate for so much beer.Came on Friday after work and it was already buzzing (as were probably a few folks as well).  It's deceivingly small and I had to stand nearly the entire time.  However, the servers making the rounds provided surprisingly excellent service.  When I was nearing the end of a drink, someone came and asked me what else I could get.  Both myself and a pal signed up for the WOB loyalty card - $15 and they keep track of your beer consumption (including provide eligibility for awards like t-shirts) and gives you 25% off on Tuesdays.  Lookout BWW, WOB is my new Tuesday spot!It may be growing pains or just general apathy, but I don't think the staff really know a lot (or anything?) about the beers as I was told that a specific beer had been labeled "unique" because it didn't have any taste (??).  Granted, I couldn't rattle off details about 500+ beers either, so this may be a dumb observation.I also came on a night without live music, but it looks like the top floor is reserved ONLY for that.  I feel like they should open that up for a bit more space.  And I also wonder just how freaking loud would this place be with a band?!I recommend you follow their Facebook page for details of their Thursday Ladies' Night specials, live music, giveaways, and events.
1	Had a nice day here until I came back at night and was accused of walking out on my tab earlier that same day. I closed out with my waitress in cash. I grabbed a manager and told him about the situation and I pointed out the waitress to him he then opened her book and she was pocketing all cash transactions. I then checked my bank and my card was ran for the bill I already paid in cash. I had to call my bank and have the transaction cancelled. I was not offered an apology nor was the waitressfired. I will never go to this place again.
1	Unbelievable. Sure they CAN place tax ON TOP of the beer price, although that doesn't seem wise from a presentation standpoint. But when you order a beer, then pay cash for it ($4.37 in total, I gave her a $10), and the server brings you back five dollars....wait a second, there was a simple mistake. She short changed me by accident... Then you ask about the remaining 63 cents in change, joking, laughing at was clearly a simple and honest mistake on her part... "We don't carry change" she says. Excuse me, is this a joke? Nope, not at WOB, and not only that, they round in their favor. I think most people would call that theft. So you ask for the manager, question him on the policy, never raise your voice, use no profanity and certainly never threaten him...then he says he'll have security escort you out because you are upset. OH MY GOD! He said they were not obligated to give exact change. What The!?So I talk to corporate, they fall all over themselves to apologize and send me a $25 comp, but I told them I'm never coming back and they needed to know why. I work in the industry, and have forever. I'd lose my job, and rightly so, if I ever treated a guest this way, and I'd never work with a place that has this kind of mind set. This is all fact, this actually happened exactly as described, its not sci fi or fantasy, it is not opinion or interpretation. It just blew me away. With all that Mill Ave has to offer, WOB is a stain in the area and does not deserve anyone's patronage.
1	Nice selection of beer. However, be careful if you paid with a card. One of the servers (I think his name was Ryan) decided to change my tip. Apparently the managers (if they exist) do not care because they never attempted to contact me back.
1	I really hate to do this downgrade, but I have to for the sake of all those that love good beer and some sort of decent service.After my fourth visit, I'll likely refrain from stopping in to  WOB for quite some time. 15 minutes at a table, and 10 at the bar, and still no one would talk to us to take our orders and money. Even after trying to flag folks down at the bar and table, my friends and I were totally ignored. Sure, they have a phenomenal selection of beer, but that doesn't do me a bit of good if no one will take my order. The employees were too busy yucking it up with each other to pay us any mind at all.Hopefully they'll educate their employees here pretty soon. I would love to spend money here, but they have to want to take it, first.
1	We went on a Sunday, my cousin and an old classmate of mine. After sitting for 30 minutes finally a 'new' server comes and gives us coasters, takes our orders. I order food from Cheba Hut to be delivered. That would be about 45 minutes which is fine. 15 minutes later, same waitress comes back again to take our order. We told her she already took our order. So she leaves at this point it's been an hour. So we just got up and left, Which is a shame because they have such a vast variety to sample. Oh and the menu they gave us was days old, so when we did order we had to make 3 choices each because they were out of what we wanted. Their menu generally changes daily. We went to Mill Cue Club and I got my food re-routed. I agree with Taric. "World of Clusterf---"
4	Gets crowded fast, incredible selection
4	The Belgium beer on tap is great! Keep it coming. Patrick is super knowledgeable and very helpful. Bar is best place to sit.We usually arrive early right around opening time.
2	I am not a fan of chains, especially on Mill Ave. I went here on a Saturday night, and it was packed. Be careful if its a weekend, they will close the line in when they're full and then you'll be left outside like a jerkoff with all the other beards in plaid who love dark, filling brews. This place used to be American Apparel, at least that shithole is out of Tempe. Minus a few stars for just offering beer. Not everyone wants to feel like a fat bloated beard fuck at the end of the night, get a fucking liquor license with your corporate buying power! Beers vary in in price and strength, nice selection of local brews as well. If you're really into beer though, why not support a local brewery? Theres Sleepy Dog, Papago Brewery, and Four Peaks all within a couple of miles of Mill.
2	I had such high hopes for this place.Firstly, it's too small for Fri and Sat night crowds. It was literally elbow to elbow in there. It looked like they have some sort of balcony area above the bar (?), If that wouldve been open, it wouldve been 10 times more bearable.We stopped in this past Friday night and man were the douches out in force. W/ in the 1st 5 minutes after getting drinks my friends boyfriend was rammed into and had his beer spilled all over him, and watched as a couple who'd moved their stools away from one of the tables proceeded to say "Were using that table!" to anyone who tried to just lean against it. I got the impression from the clientele that they were just there to try whatever brew had the highest alcohol content rather than try different/ new beers, but thats what a location on Mill brings I guess. Its still disappointing for those of us that like craft beer for craft beer, not for how wasted we can get in one sitting.To say that their beer list is overwhelming is an understatement. I kinda felt like there shouldve been a companion to their beer book (which was listed by type of beer) that was listed by country like at certain karaoke bars (by artist/ song title). I realize that their fridges are set up by country but we could barely squeeze in at the bar to order, let alone peruse the cases on either side of the taps.Unlike Kate K., not one server stopped to ask if we needed anything. However, once we got past the 2 girls that were just hanging out at the bar taking up space ("Cuz this is where the scene is"), the bartender was quick to take and get us our order.I'd like to go back here during happy hour on a weekday or maybe right when they open on a Sat to give it another shot, because I really want this place to be awesome.
1	This place has potential, but it's so far away from it.  I've been once and that was enough. Like most other reviews have stated, the bar is small.  A friend and I decided to try WOB out on a Wednesday afternoon around 2pm; there were no seats available anywhere and we had to stand around in everyone's way until two bar seats freed up.  The selection here is amazing, but it's so overpriced!!! I had three bottled beers and paid over $20.00 before tip.  This place is a joke.
3	I stopped by here for the first time yesterday simply because I was in the area.  Since it was a Tuesday, the crowd was small and I didn't have to deal with the college knuckle heads that pack this place on the weekends.  I was surprised that they did not serve food, but one of the bartenders said they allowed people to bring in their own food.  That may be ok if you want to grab a slice of pizza, maybe a hot dog or something else small and easy to carry from one of the nearby restaurant; but it seems like more of a hassle going from place to place just to find something to eat and carrying it back here. The seating area is small and I couldn't imagine coming here on a Friday or Saturday night.  I get the feeling that on the weekends this place is just another Mill Avenue hot spot and the college locals consider it just another place to get tanked, only with a better selection of beer to do it with.  The bartender who served me was good, she offered up her personal favorites and recommended other beers based upon the IPA that I ordered and even gave samples without me having to ask for one.  So if you have some free time during the weekday and want the opportunity to sample a good variety of beers, then I'd recommend giving WoB a shot.  However, I wouldn't want to chance this place on a weekend.  The crowds, combined with the already small interior wouldn't allow you the opportunity to truly enjoy all the different styles of beer they have.
2	Someone must have talked to the staff about their poor service in the past few weeks, at least at the bar. I was asked 3 or 4 times while waiting for my drink, if I needed a drink.  I also got my complete change back.  But really adding tax in a bar- who does that?  I must say the female bartender I ordered from knew her Beer, she asked my girlfriend what she liked, then brought her a few samples, one of which was dead on.  I was actually kinda impressed.  My only complaint about the bar was they said they had 550 bottles in the cooler, but no one knew what bottles they had.It all went downhill from there, I went into the back room, which was empty.  I found out it was empty because it was rented out to a private party.  On a Friday.  At least the waitress was nice about it, but no sign or anything letting me know ahead of time.As luck would have it I find a table with 3 other people right after I was kicked out of the vault room.  However, at the table the Stone 16th Anniversary IPA I drank must have doubled as an invisibility portion-  The waitress waiting on the bros on either side of me either could not see us, or seemed to think our empty glasses meant we were too old to have another beer, apparently she does not know thirty somethings have real jobs and can leave tips.I'd go back... if I rented out the back room, otherwise Mellow Mushroom has a comparable beer selection at least on tap.
4	No idea why this place isn't rated higher!  Our server was amazing...she made sure the games we wanted were on and made great recommendations for beer.  The space is well designed with lots of TV's.  Wish they served some munchies, but won't hold it against them.  Nice that they had free BBQ yesterday!
3	My husband and I are beer snobs and came here a week after their grand opening. Awesome selection of beer, terrible service. Our waitress was slow and didn't know squat about beer. We came right at the beginning of happy hour and can I just say OVERPRICED!!!!  About an hour into happy hour this place got ridiculous! Very small space which we don't mind, buttttt this place gets ridiculously crowded and the slow service makes it even worse. Maybe we'll give this place another shot in the future, being right on Mill Ave doesn't help much....Alas, go to Taste of Tops just around the corner, much better atmosphere and the waiters actually know their beers.
2	World of Beer? Should be world of poor service. Went there at 4pm on a Friday, sat at the bar and waited and waited. Finally after literally 15 minutes trying to flag one of FOUR bartenders , we left. There are plenty of places to go..So sad because I had just been there a few nights before and had great service and tried a new beer. It wasn't really that busy, I dont understand it.We will give it one more try...
2	Improvements need to be made quickly, if they hope to survive here.  I love the concept of this place, great beer in no short supply!  The location is cool, they the vault from the bank that occupied the space before and converted it into an awesome dining/party room.The downsides of the World of Beer, though are the prices are very steep, although somewhat close the the median of what is Mill Ave.  The real disappointment though, is the service.  It took upwards of 5-10 minutes to get a drink on a Monday night when the place was moderately busy, at best.  We also got our requests for water ignored not once, but twice and an unapologetic attitude when we brought it up a third time.Service needs to improve, and unless I hear that it does drastically, I do not plan on returning.
2	Great beer selection, but that's about it.Overpriced, poor service, and unbelievably small.How did they expect to hype up an establishment called "World of Beers" in one of the biggest cities in the country (and right next to ASU) while operating in a building this small? Seriously?They must have screwed up my order because the beer I ordered was definitely not the beer I received.To their credit, I did go on opening week, and maybe it will be better in a few months. The first time I went was the day after it opened, and one more time on that weekend. I would give it another shot, hopefully when it's not nearly as busy.
2	Just o.k.  It has a pretty weird vibe.  Good beer served by ill-informed school kids.I ordered the beer of the month, Full Sail Session.  Came in a 11 oz bottle.  Which, when poured into one of their "pint" glasses, nearly filled the glass.  So, that "pint" you order is really a 12 oz glass.  Stay classy, Mill Ave.  I'll stick to Boulders on Broadway or Taste of Tops when I want a good beer in Tempe.
4	Great new spot! It's nice to see some more quality bars open in the Mill Ave District. I wish they had a kitchen, but at least their selection of beers is awesome! Lots of unique beers and seasonals. I like to try a few samples before making a choice and they're ok with that! Last time I tried a Fall Cider by Woodchuck, I believe, and a yummy strawberry beer. Def go check it out. They don't have a huge seating area. There is a bar rail, some booths and "community style" tables that seat maybe 6 people, a vault room and a few tables upstairs. Maybe it's just that the place is somewhat narrow, but whenever I've been there- it's pretty crowded!
2	Since my review, I've been informed that WoB has different glassware for different pours.  So the specific glass I was served in was a 12-oz glass, intended for cans or bottles, not their normal pint glass.  I haven't confirmed this, but it seems reasonable, so I stand corrected.However, I will take this chance to comment on the fact that the prices at WoB start at $5.00 per pint, which although not unreasonable (especially for Mill Ave), can be improved upon at many other craft-beer specialty bars in the area.  (On the day I was at WoB, I had a Deschutes Green Lakes Organic Ale pint for $3.50 at Boulders on Broadway).And one last thing that annoyed me that I didn't note in my original review was the "shot" of beer I had.  The menu mentions that shots of beer (what is known as "samplers" in most every other craft brew bar or brewpub) are $2-$5 (charging $5 for any shot makes no sense at all).  I had a beer that costs $6.00 per pint and I was charged $3 for a "shot" of the beer.  This is completely unreasonable.  I recommend that if you decide to go with "shots" of beer, stick with only the cheapest beers on the menu, so you pay only $2 per shot.These issues, in addition to the strange vibe and the ill-informed wait staff, keep my review at 2 stars.  There is simply MUCH better options to sample good craft beer in Tempe (e.g., Boulders, Taste of Tops)
2	Limited beer actually available on tap. Hell, I could slap a sticker on a tap and call it whatever I wanted to, doesn't make it true. Even if they did have all of the beer they claimed, it's still not enough to call it a "world" of beer. Seriously limited in supply and variety. Our group headed up the street to another establishment after only one round and found better selections.
2	I really wanted to like this place, but the service just ruined it. I went on a sunday afternoon, when it really wasn't that busy. I was sitting directly at the bar and still got poor service. The server walked by probably 5 times while my glass set empty before she made eye contact with me. It was a bit ridiculous. I feel like the yardhouse had just as many (if not more) taps, with the same prices and better service. Great decor though, very tall open ceilings and lots of TVs. Just don't expect good service.
2	Just popped my head in here quickly, looking to watch football.  LOTS of beer, and the place was packed but they dont serve any food!
1	Hated it from the moment we stepped foot on the patio.  Very little seating inside and out.  Staff utterly rude.  Some drunk jerk pushed his way practically on top of me to order bartender could care less he preferred to help drunk pig over me waiting who was already waiting patiently.  We said forget walked out.  Both husband and I agree not our style.  We prefer Gordon Biersch.  Will never go back.
4	Been reading about various complaints about pricing and small venue. I doubt WOB can make money if they charge low prices on craft beer. So with that being said, take advantage of the Beer of the Month for $3...in this case it was Kiltlifter in a can. I also had a decent pumpkin beer for 5 bucks and they had free pizza from Slices (cold) on Sunday. Place is small, but there is a secret room behind the vaulted door in the back. I sauntered in looking for football and baseball and the bartender was cool and switched my Yankees game on and there was somewhat of a mix of people (not all college) and when my brew was gone, another was not far behind. One review said they couldn't get bartender's attention for 15 minutes? ha...try using your mouth buddy. Huge beer selection except they didnt have my favorite from Lazy Magnolia (Southern Pecan), so they are the World of Not every beer in my mind. TV's are great and pretty good place to watch any games or see how short the shorts are that college women wear to bars in 2012.
1	The service at world of beer is terrible. Not only did it take 15 minutes to get a beer (and they weren't busy), they also don't know how to pour a beer. It's one thing to pay for a beer that is $8.50 but it's another when they don't even fill your glass to the rim. This happened both times I visited WoB in Tempe. I also left a small tip because of this bad service but the bartender didn't agree and wrote in a much larger tip. I have since tried calling world of beer to get refunded and the manager said he will refund my card. That was four days ago. I still haven't heard back from the manager and my card has not been refunded yet. I called several times and no one even answers the phone. The fact that servers/bartenders decide on their own tips, a manager who doesn't resolve issues and their over priced beers I can find elsewhere is a clear sign I will not be returning or recommending this place to anyone. I was disappointed at first with the bad pouring of expensive beer but now that the servers decide their own tips, I will never go to WoB in Tempe again. It is extremely over priced as well. There are plenty of other places to get a good beer around town, so it's not like I can't find a good beer. Their loyalty card is also spendy. $15 just to keep track of what you drink at WoB.1. Terrible Service2. Bartenders write in their own tips3. Management doesn't resolve your issue4. They don't answer their phone5. It's over priced6. The loyalty card is a joke7. It's very small8. You can't use your loyalty card if you get the student discountI would give this place a -5 star rating. Just terrible.
3	You want a garden variety of beers, World of Beer has some from all over the world.  One thing you need to ask each time you order a beer is if you get the wine glass or an actual pint.  I think depending the alcohol percentage, they give you a smaller wine glass for the stronger beers.  When I asked the bartendress, she said it depends from beer to beer.There were some beers that were stronger than 10% and they had unique flavors, and they were quite strong!  It is too bad the space utilization is not the greatest.  The patio is quite small and you don't have as much space to sit anywhere.  Be prepared to be standing around the entire night, which can be a buzz kill.
5	Love this place.  Loved the amazing selection of beer. Lots of TVs. The owner sat and talked with us for a while. New favorite place on mill.
4	I'm serving notice upon you all- I call this bar from 11a-1pm every Saturday, so find somewhere else to drink.They aren't overpriced (Stella was $4, craft brews were $5), and they are very good at understanding that you're here to drink beer, so unless your glass is empty you can enjoy conversation with your friends and not the staff.
3	I've been here twice and both times had a decent experience. The beer selection is vast, which I like. I did find it was a bit overpriced for being on Mill, but not terribly so. The only issue I have is the layout of the place. Often times it's hard to find a place to sit, even when it's not really crowded. And when it is really crowded - you're SOL. Service seemed fine, but I have only ordered from the bar, so I can't say what it's like during any other time. I like this place!
2	Slow service. Slow service. Slow service. Slow service. Been there 2.5 times.  First time.  Slow service.  Waited 15 mins for a bartender to ask us if we wanted anything... then another 15 mins after we order to actually get the beer.  After 1 beer were were done and wanted to leave. Took another 15 mins to get the tab after we asked for it.  We made sure to pay cash as we didnt want to wait another 15 mins for the bartender to run a card.2nd time.  Walked in.  Sat at a table.  Waited 20 mins.  No server.  Left.3rd time.  Walked in.  Sat at far end of bar next to server station.  Waited 15 mins for bartender to make it down to that side of the bar.  While sitting there got to hear the servers complain about how slow the bartender is and that they too have been waiting or over 10 mins for the beers they ordered. So I felt better as it wasn't just the patrons the bartenders ignore.  Once we finally did get service at the bar we had a smooth time.  Don't know if I'll go back.  Maybe if i'm already on mill and theres nothing else to do...then maybe...maybe I'll go back and try it again.   Just really bummed.  Wanted this place to rock.  Love a good beer.
5	First time visiting Tempe, and first time visiting WOB. After bouncing through a couple other bars on Mill Avenue, I landed at WOB. I must say, the staff and atmosphere made me feel much more comfortable than my earlier journeys that evening. I wouldn't call myself a beer enthusiast, but after our server brought us a flight of various samples, I was hooked! The atmosphere was GREAT, live music and a friendly crowd. I didn't realize the endless possibilities, and at first I was a bit overwhelmed. However, our server (who was extremely knowledgable on beer) pointed us in the right direction!  Highly recommend this place if your looking to have some fun on a night out,
4	Came here expecting the worse just based on the average reviews for this place on yelp. And I have to say, I was pleasantly surprised. The staff were super helpful in recommending alternate beers and they even give you samples to make sure you'll like something. Even on a busy night, the staff still made it to our table and had time to talk and recommend beers and even do samples :) And for the friends at our table that didn't want to wait, which wasn't too long, just went to the bar and got service there fine. Some nights are louder than others, depending on the amount of people and if there's a band, but every time I go back, the level of service hasn't changed and I always find more and more yummy beers. And I have to say, that some of the beers they offer here just don't taste the same at other places where they offer the same beer. I really like this place. And it's becoming one of the places that I like to go on a regular. I so need to go back and get like a service industry card!
4	Not enough space! Great beer though. (duh.)
4	An entirely respectable bar for beer-lovers, World of Beer introduced me to the unexpectedly amazing world of Arizona craft brew. You can't get this stuff where I'm from, so I was grateful I drove past and so the giant "World of Beer" sign, because a world of beer is precisely what I'm looking for most of the time, particularly when I travel. If you are indeed traveling to Phoenix, and you do indeed love beer, then World of Beer should certainly be one of your ports of call. It does have a "bar" ambiance, and a college bar ambiance at that. Which, to me, is less than appealing. But if you can get past that and possibly secure yourself a place to sit outside, you can enjoy your flights in peace, without having to listen to the dipshit conversations of the majority of the clientele. On the other hand, the dipshit quotient can work in your favor if you're just looking to get laid, which, I am informed, is no challenge at all in the greater Phoenix metro area for your average dude of average charm. Try to avoid talking too much about "hops" if this is your angle, beer geeks.Helpful, friendly bar staff, but I can't say for sure they know what they're talking about. Luckily, you can hardly go wrong with Arizona beer. I recommend anything from Oak Creek to start. Delicious stuff.
3	I've come back here two times since my initial visit and I must say the place has grown a little on me.  The second visit I ran into one of the beer reps for the bar I work in, so he introduced me to the manager/owner(not sure which one he is for sure) who was very pleasant and knowledgeable.  The bar wasn't crowded and I actually got to talk to the bartenders.  I still think it's overpriced however they have some really great selections worth trying out.  I recommend coming here during the week so that you won't have to fight a crowd.
3	The plus side to the bar is that it does probably offer every beer ever known to man. And you can keep you bottles to display as trophies. They also offer a rewards system that earns you points for trying different beers. And the iPhone app is helpful in keeping track of all the beers that you have tried and which ones you like. Where can you go wrong with a place called World of Beer?  It's simple really.  You offer too many choices. You have a popular idea but don't allow enough room for seating. Hire unfriendly staff the are slow and not very knowledgable about beer.  Overall I might come back with my friends who love the place but this place would never be my first choice on own.
2	Let me start by telling you that I didn't even get a beer at "World of Beer"  Why?  Because the place was unbelievably packed and we couldn't get a beer if we tried.  We weren't the only ones.  People were standing in front of the bar wondering why there were ten employee's standing around talking to each other while potential customers tried to decipher the code to get served.  Are you supposed to do jumping jacks while simultaneously downloading the "World of Beer" app while super simultaneously shouting "I'm hip gimme a beer" or something?  I don't know because I wasn't about to stick around and deal with it.  We left the joint craving a nice cold beer, a beer they could have easily provided and then some.  Anyway, as far as service goes, it seemed to be nonexistent.  If I were a college kid and service didn't really matter, would I go here?  If my friends were going I probably would, but if you're an adult looking for good beer there are plenty of other bar's with more room and a helpful staff.  For the record though, I am basing my review on service, not on the beer.  I don't know if they serve the beers I am accustomed to because they didn't really seize the opportunity to gain my business.  On the other hand, its safe to say (being in downtown Tempe) that its geared toward the younger crowd so maybe they don't want thirty somethings frequenting the place anyway!
2	This place was disappointing--I wanted it to be so much better.The service is awful.  I've tried them out twice... but It's almost like they try to ignore you.  & this was on a weeknights when the place wasn't busy at all.  How is that even possible?Beers are very overpriced.  Our waitress didn't seem to know what she was talking about which was tough.  The beer she did recommend was something super sweet & fruity... just because I'm female, doesn't mean I like beer that tastes like a juice box.It's hard to go wrong when you're called World of Beer, but wow.Lots of potential, just not following through.
5	My first visit was for an Odell Brewing Company tap-takeover event during Arizona Beer Week.  The place was crowded with fellow beer enthusiasts.   Even with the crowd, service was good...our waitress was knowledgeable and helpful in making  selections.  Prices were fair, but not a cheap place to drink...though they offer samples of anything you'd like to try.
4	There is a MASSIVE beer list; literally a small phone book of beers, so it can be fairly overwhelming. However, WOB puts out a featured beer list of about 40-50 beers and they update it often. Makes choosing something much less frightening. It's definitely a good place to go if you're a beer lover and/or an adventurous beer drinker. I would say I don't really fall into either of those categories but I've never been disappointed. Tip: DON'T BE AFRAID TO ASK FOR SAMPLES. There is no shame in it. If you really don't like it, don't buy it. Ask for another sample. I had to ask for three one night and the waitress obliged. I finally found a fantastic beer - a White Chocolate Ale. Wow. So I'm slowly expanding my beer choices. Expect a college bar vibe with lots of TVs playing college sports, trivia nights, food being delivered, random guys playing guitar on the upper level, so-so staff (some were really great or really off) and the crowd that an ASU-Mill Ave bar attracts. The beer list made me give it four stars. Really there's not much else that distinguishes this place from other chains. Just a good place to meet where everyone can find a beer they like.
3	This place is what it claims to be-- a world of beer. They have a HUGE menu--overwhelming, actually. I consider myself pretty knowledgeable of beer, but they had many I'd never heard of before. Unfortunately, they were "out" of several of the beers we requested. This is a huge pet peeve of mine in places that specialize in beer. Also, when they were out of one beer, they recommended another that was AWFUL. But, anyway, it's a nice stop for a drink or two. They don't have any food, which is kind of a downer. I guess some places will deliver there if you're really lazy or too drunk to move.
3	Great place to go for beer enthusiasts and the adventurous alike. There are SO many choices, almost too many. They keep a selection on tap (I think it's 40-50) and the list is always changing. I'm not a huge beer drinker, but I do enjoy it occasionally. One of the great things about this place is that they will let you try a sample of something if you aren't sure. And they have beer flights which gives you the ability to try a selection if you can't make up your mind.Price wise-it's not really too bad, I think it ranges from $4.00-$10.00 depending on what beer you get. Service is a little slow, but the place is always packed so it's to be expected.I think the bar might be a little TOO small for the crowd it draws...especially on St. Patrick's Day when it was one of the only bars on Mill that wasn't charging a cover. You'll literally be elbowing your way to the bar..it's definitely not a place for the claustrophobic. I don't particularly like the layout of this bar. It was poorly designed.Pros: Wide variety of beers to choose from and you can get samples. Cons: Too small, service is slow for the most part.I think if you're wanting to check this place out and get a proper experience, it's best to visit when it's not busy--otherwise you'll just be annoyed.
4	World of Beer was a pretty awesome place.  Their beer selection was great. There was a lot to choose from (more so bottled and canned of course).  If you like beer and know a little bit about it on your own you would do well here.  The service was so-so and it was very disappointing that the bartender did not really know anything about the menu or the beers that he was serving (however, he was really nice).  The menu also had a few flights on it and the seasonal was not available.  The bartender gave no recommendations in place of the flight that was not available.  The place did not serve any food so the knowledge of their beers and service should have been great.  If I went back to AZ I would definitely go back and have some more brews!
5	This is the best bar on mill for a few reasons.  First, best selection of beer in town.  They have a beer for any sort of palate and mood.  The ever changing selection is awesome, especially since they have collaborations with San tan, mud shark, four peaks, sleepy dog, and the other az breweries. People who are complaining about the prices, first grow up. Second it's a bar so of course you can get these beers for cheaper at tops, so go there and sit at home, and don't slam a business on yelp for that.You won't get mixed drinks and food here. So bros and sororistitues go home.The bartenders and servers known thy beers and hustle to make sure you get a great beer and will ask if you wanna try something new, which is awesome.Long story short, if you love craft beer and like to expand your palate and mind come here. If you like to close your mind and love coors light go somewhere else.
4	What can I say except that it has a HUGE selection of beers to cater to the University folks.  There are huge choices and lots of double IPAs and stuff like Imperial Stouts.  YUM.  A bit pricey.  They let you sample.  The atmosphere was a little bland...but again...but beer selection I found and I am impressed that they offer local AZ beers as much as they can.  Support our craft beer world!
2	I'm a HUGE beer lover so I was dissapointed after going to this place twice. Yes, they have a ton of beers, but for a craft beer place, you are better off with Yard house. The service is terrible so get ready to finish your beer and wait forever for your next. Maybe they want you to double fist since this is an ASU area bar.Speaking of which, the prices are very high for this area, so not sure how a college kid could afford it.Looking for food? Look somewhere else. Went with my non-drinking friend who ordered a coke......guess what, they dont have straws! Want a napkin? They dont have them readily available. Could not even get a coaster so the table was a watery mess.Overall, if you are looking to drink yourself to death with beer only, not eat anything, slip and slide all over yourself, and then wipe your mouth on your sleeve, then this is the place for you!
3	Huge selection of beers, I'm hardly a drinker so I was impressed by their selection. bar tender was very helpful even being as busy as she was. Let us flavor a couple samples so we got exactly what we wanted. I would say a good overall experience. Not a lot of seating but there is a balcony style seating above the bar & some limited patio seating. not bad just cramped quarters
4	Wow, I've been here three times and haven't reviewed World of Beer, yet? I have just returned from a few drinks with Laura L. ( "one" beer turned into a flight plus three more plus finishing Laura's beer because she needed food). I have a nice Saturday afternoon buzz going as I write this (taking a rest before going on a bender tonight, methinx!). I'm reasonably sure that I am far more coherent now than after my last two visits which would explain why I've not reviewed this place yet,Anyway, they are pretty crazy crowded almost every night of the week with a few exceptions which is why I seldom stop by. It is quite a treat when there is a place to sit as was the case today. I love beer so any time I come in here I feel like a priest at an altar boy retreat with all of the amazing selections on tap, not to mention a good selection of bottled beers. While I would LOVE to see ANY Aussie beer beside Fosters, they more than make up for it with a ton of Belgian and German beers.I asked our lovely server to prepare a flight for me based on my preference of pilsners and ambers. She put together an AMAZING flight and my hat is off to her for her brilliant choices and especially her "wild card" which was the best of my flight and constituted the additional three beers that I mentioned above.I would love to come here in the evening but because of the crowd probably will not but I will be back for day drinking.Well done, World of Beer
3	Would have liked to have had a few appetizers. Also disappointed that the beer glasses weren't cold. It has a lot of potential.
4	Huge beer lover and you can't go wrong with this place...but it's near ASU and the girls working are very attractive.
5	I absolutely love beer, so obviously I loved having 600 different choices! However with all the choices it took me like 20 minutes to decide which beer I wanted but my bartender was so nice about it. I think her name was Britney, all I remember is that she had a half sleeve on her forearm. Any way, she was so nice about getting me samples and giving me information about different beers I might like! She even made me a drink called a chocolate chip cookie, sooooo good! I am defiantly bringing my friends who don't like beer to this place because that drink was just delicious! Overall I loved the bar, beer was great, Britney was great, but the prices were a little high. I don't understand how they could be busy especially right next to ASU, but she did tell me they have specials a few nights a week so maybe that's how. But anyway, it's a good place to check out!
4	Visiting AZ for a wedding with a few hours to kill, so my brothers dropped me and Squiggly on Mill Avenue to fend for ourselves. Keep in mind that it's been YEARS since I've roamed these streets... After walking for a few we notice World Of Beer. At first glance all we could see were rows of bottles of beers , so we thought it was a liquor store. We decided to take a closer look and to our surprise it was indeed a bar. HELLA beers on tap...cute bartenders...outside patio for smoking and people watching. We had a great time and the girls were SUPER nice and helpful in letting us sample beers. Met some cool people and had a great time. Will definitely recommend this spot.
4	This place is awesome. We drove by and saw this place and the fact that it is called World of beer was enough for us to go and check it out and i am sooo glad we did. First off, i absolutely love how big and open the windows are here. Great to sit and be able to take in the nightlife going on outside as well as what's going on inside. Lots of TV's, so its a good spot to catch a game too. The beer menu is pretty large and im sure you will come across an old favorite and will find something new to love if you are in the mood to try some new brews. We had a few black and tans, few beer shots ( delicious). Our waitress was awesome, she was rlly attentive given how busy she was she was just so happy and i love getting service like that. Nothing worse then someone with a tear in their eye and an evil sad look on their face while serving you a beer that is supposed to make you smile. This place would be off the chain if they served small plates to go with the beer but they do have a list of nearby places that you can order from and will deliver to you on the spot...which is a nice touch. Ill be back for suresies.
4	4.5 StarsThis is a pretty amazing place for the beer enthusiast. WOB has an amazing selection of beers on tap and in bottles.  There are quite a few things I have never heard or seen on tap which is always a pleasant surprise.  The staff on our few visits have been very nice and helpful suggesting beers from the huge menu.  They lose a 1/2 star only for the fact that they have no food at all in the place.  I appreciate that they just want to have beer which is great, but they really need pretzels, beer nuts, fries, wings, something.  They are right next to Five Guys so we usually do rock, paper, scissors and send someone over to get fries.  This is a great place just needs snacks or eat before you go.
5	Stone Brewing Arrogant Tap Appropriation during American Craft Beer Week 2013...do I really need to say more?The selection of Stone brews at this all day event was dizzying.  I was very surprised that we were able to find some seats...but fortunately we managed, without too much hassle.Our server was really good, very friendly and helpful.  I continue to love this place and recommend it to anyone who loves good beer and to those who could use a little help in their beer selection...it was pretty amusing, we were there for the Stone Brewing event last night and at the table next to us, this guy orders a Corona...pretty funny to watch the faces at the tables surrounding him when the server brought it out to him.
5	They have East Coast beers (for me - other coasts for everyone else!), nice bartenders, TVs with sports, good music, comfortable seating, a corner spot with a patio perfect for people watching and cig smoking, an age appropriate crowd (I'm 25 and I don't feel too old to be there), and generally clean toilets in working condition. Basically everything I could possibly want or need out of a bar to drink beer at with my friends. I love WOB!!!
5	I love quality beers & World Of Beer had so many quality beers to choose from.  The beers enough would make me come back to this place; however, the service was just as good.  Lastly, they have live music there too.I must admit, I am not a fan of Mill Ave., World Of Beers is the only reason I will come back to Mill again.
2	Was expensive even with "half off." Had a lot of beers, first two picks were out though. Bartender seemed rushed to finish with me. If you're looking to try hundreds of beer on tap this is the place for you, just make sure to bring a lot of money.
5	Went here for my friend's birthday pub crawl and we ended up staying for most of the night. Great selection on tap (and it's apparently a rotating selection, so I need to pop back in at some point to find out what else they serve), especially when compared to a lot of other places on Mill that seem to mostly have Bud Light and a couple other beers on tap. Even better selection if you're going for something in a bottle. Really, the only downside about this place was the group of morons who kept bugging us and kept trying to drink our beer (which the bartenders replaced for free when they found out). But the bouncers were quick to give them warnings and then kick them out when they got to be too much.
3	I LOVE this place. I live right down the street from it and come to this place about every time I go out on Mill for drinks. I would give it 5 stars.... but I can't because of the horrible live band(s) that play there. I can't tell if it's always the same band or multiple bands, but every friday night of live music is equally as bad. I'm sure this band is good for people in small doses, but it's tough for me and my friends to handle on a weekly basis.
4	I loved the beer selection of course! I had a Hava Blue beer from Mudshark that was delicious. They even floated blueberries in the beer. The second beer I tried I was not too fond of, which is probably why I do not remember the name. The waitress we had was not the friendliest, so over all the service was ok. She was not very knowledgeable about the beers either. Tip . The only downfall about this place is they do not serve food. You are allowed to bring in outside food. So you have to plan ahead a little if you plan on drinking there for awhile and think you might get hungry.
2	First of all, if you're going to brag about having so many beers from around the world, your staff should be able to recommend something I've never had before. Telling me to try a four peaks beer and pay extra for it doesn't make any sense at all.  The only beers they could tell me about were local. Most people in Tempe that are going to a place called World Of Beer already know about the local beers AZ has to offer. Service seemed really disorganized. Once we sat down, we weren't sure who was around to help us. I felt legitimately ripped off having to pay $16+ for two beers that I could have found anywhere else in a less crowded and better laid-out location.I have high hopes and I really want this place to redeem itself. But so far, I could care less if I ever go back.
3	Beer, beer, beer, Wow! What a great selection. I really love the fact this place has so many different beers to try. They even have these things called flights where you can get 4 5 ounce beers for $8. Not to shabby. The place is not to big, but it is very clean and nice.The downside, it has no food and just has takeout menus. Maybe they should invest in some food trucks. Also the waiters don't carry pens and paper. So when my group of 3 people were ordering 3 rounds of flights he had to keep running back and forth to the register. That really bugged me.
1	Yes they have a lot of beers but it's not worth the rude staff. Go someplace else.
3	I was in Mesa during baseball spring training in March. My girlfriend and I decided to stop at The World of Beer for a drink and some food. They do not make or serve food there, it is just a bar no grill. They have a wonderful selection of beers and the service was good. The waitress was friendly and checked in on us several times. They also have a delivery menu from restaraunts in the area who will deliver food to the bar. Pretty Cool. We did ask if they could turn one of the many TV's to a game that we wanted to watch. The waitress said she couldn't because the manager was the only one who knew how to do it and he was "TOO BUSY". That kind of turned me off. I would have otherwise given the place 5 stars for selection. What ever happened to the notion of going out of your way to make a customer happy who is spending a lot of money at your business. I guess it is gone by the wayside.
3	Popped on a Friday night in the middle of July, which if you live in Phoenix you know it's the dead season for things going on in Tempe.  Service wasn't the quickest when we sat down at 7:45 took about 10 minutes to get our drink order and another 10 minutes for the drinks.  WOB was about half full at the time with a couple of the wait staff congregated at one end of the bar. After the initial hiccup the server was on top the drinks.  Once the bar got busier the service got significantly better. YMMV
1	Overall the Beer selection was good, but we didn't get service for 15 minutes, then got an attitude from the server (who happened to be training anoter employee- and what a training!) and to top it off we got an extra 3$ on our bill = major fail. Walk in there at your own risk ya'll!
4	Not bad, I tried the Mead(8%). Served in a little wine glass. Cool Place!
3	Good place to stop in and have a beer with a friend while catching up. The only downside is there is no food but you can bring in or order from any of the restaurants nearby. Definitely a great place to explore different types of beers and push your boundaries. Hello banana bread beer that actually tasted like banana bread. winning.
4	I'm a fan! Plenty of rotating taps - they just did an Arizona takeover and have A LOT of (random) Arizona brews - and also bottles, all reasonably priced including their flights. This is a great place to watch a game or just catch up with friends. It's light and quiet for a bar. As I walked in last night, I realized it was all guys with the exception of two smart ladies at the end of the bar. Single gals, take the hint!
2	SO MANY BEERS! I am a huge fan of beer and this place has something for everyone. My first time here I wasn't impressed, the servers had no knowledge of the beers and they forgot our order because they didn't write it down. I decided maybe it was just an off day so went back again. Seeing how there are an overwhelming amount of choices I asked the server for a seasonal recommendation, unfortunately she did not know what I was talking about. Based on her response I knew it was up to me to put together a seasonal "flight". After taking our orders ( and not writing them down) the server returned to tell us they were out of most of the beers we had selected. Not a problem, us beer guys always have a backup order for situations like this. After taking our order again (without writing it down) she returns to...take our order again...(she forgot). You can imagine the frustration, with a name like world of beers one would expect someone to know a thing about beer. There's still no food and the customer service is questionable. The place has great potential with the right management and staff, its clear that complacency has taken over.Much like many of the other bars on Mill ave, this one caters to mostly college students.
1	way 2 small for me
4	Stopped in with a good friend because we both hadn't been... I am not a huge beer drinker at all so I was kinda iffy on even visiting the place but I always like to try new things and of course, Yelp about it hahaWe walked in and noticed there is a loft that you could sit in, so we did that and it was pretty cool! Great view of everyone so we could people watch...Our server was absolutely wonderful. He informed us of all the beer we could choose from and he said that we could sample any beer that we would like. I like more fruity beers, I don't know what the name of that would even be... I'll just call it fruit beer or fruit ale...I sampled at least 4 different beers and I ended up going with a raspberry one which I did enjoy...My friend got a chocolate milk stout which I thought in my head--- GrossBut then I tried it and I did like it! I really liked it... And she was in heaven! It was her new favorite stout... I still don't know what stout means but I'm guessing it has to do with DARK... All in all the World of Beer was a chill spot to catch a beer with new friends, good friends, or even alone...****this is an update...I went in and wasn't feeling beer at the moment so I asked for a marg and the cute bartender ( forgot his name) made one of the best margs I have ever had and I gave him a hard time because it was a beer place... He was so nice and I will for sure go back for beer or margs or anything
5	WOB is fabulous. Bartender are great, especially Anthony, Kenny, and Brittany. Best beer in Tempe. Quick serve. Now serves good which is awesome... Just like Anthony. Too many beers to choose from but the bartenders help you out. I will be here next Sunday! Every NFL game you could possibly want.
2	I've only been there once & don't plan on ever going back. I took my nephews to Mill Ave when they were visiting, World of Beer was our first stop for a beer, we sat for about 15 minutes before anyone even acknowledged us. It was busy but it only takes a  few seconds to say "I'll be right with you". So after the waitress finally walked up to our table, she was clearly not a happy camper,, she had a scowl on her face & answered my question about a beer with a shitty attitude as if it wasn't her job to help me.We sat there for another 10-15 minutes waiting for our beers & then just walked out before she brought them, It shouldn't take 30 minutes to get a beer but if the waitress was nice, I may have stayed. I wish I knew her name so I could give her a little friendly advice on good customer service. We went across the street to the Tequila bar where the service was amazing, the staff was friendly & they have food.
4	Nice selection of tap beers and they have bottles arranged by country. Bartenders are all beer geeks and can explain a lot.
3	I can't believe all the beer! I usually go here on a Sunday afternoon with my friends and grab a flight so we can experience all the different brews. They recently added a kitchen and while the food was pretty good the portions were rather small. I was in a fall mood so I wanted to try all the pumpkin beers they had. Unfortunately, they only had 2 available. If you're new to beer like I am this place is good because of the vast selection. You can try all sorts of things to see what you like and don' t like and it's not super expensive. Plus, they have a lot of TV's and there's always a game on.
2	My friends and I come here every Tuesday night for trivia and sit in the same booth. That being said, we've never been served by the same person twice. They have a great selection of beer and I love beer, but their service has noticeably gone down hill lately. Last week, I was there for about 15 minutes before our waiter asked if I would like something to drink. I ordered a beer and 10 minutes later he hadn't brought it. When he stopped by again, I asked about my beer and he said that his manager, who had stopped by to see if we were doing okay, told him that I said I didn't want anything. In fact, my friend had told the manager she didn't want anything. Why the manager would pass on this information or  the waiter assumed I meant to cancel my order, I don't understand. They didn't charge me for the beer, which I appreciated, but trivia was about half over before I had a drink in my hand.The worst was last week. They have rotating beers every time I go there, and I ordered an Autumn Maple seasonal that was described on the menu as having tastes of maple syrup, vanilla, molasses, nutmeg, and cinnamon. Sounds delicious, right? It was TERRIBLE. Did not taste like any of those things, just straight up hops. I actually cringed each time I took a sip. It was listed as having 10% alcohol in it, so I thought perhaps the strength of the alcohol killed the flavor, but I couldn't even smell any maple. Everyone in my group tried it in case it was just me, and they all agreed as well that it was awful. When the waitress came back, I asked her if she was sure this was the beer I ordered. "The Autumn Maple? Yeah, that's the only beer we have that's that color." We all explained how we tried it and though it was terrible. That was the world I used to describe it. She asked if I wanted something else and I said no, because I figured she would charge me for another drink since she had given me the "right" beer the first time. Sure enough, when the bill came, I got a $7.75 charge for it.When I went home, I looked up reviews of the beer. As I suspected, they all said how wonderful it was, and tasted just the way as described on the menu. She definitely gave me the wrong beer. Instead of trusting a group of customers, she assumed she was correct, based on the color of the beer. Considering I've never seen the same waiter there twice, I think their management must be bad, or they just suck at training their waiters. Its a fine place to have a brew with your buds, but if you're a beer connoisseur looking for a qualified knowledgable staff, do your "global exploring" elsewhere.
5	A great venue, lovely atmosphere, amazing beer selection and great staff.Chrissy, you ROCK! Cape Town, South Africa, loves you.
3	Been awhile since I had been there, but now they added alcohol and food, so this is now officially a normal bar - another corporate sellout caving in to make more money.  It's not a bad thing, but it was better when they were different than the rest and I'm sure the free pizza sunday's are done (they are cause I was there today). Also gone is the $3 beer of the month. Bartenders are still nice and all NFL games were on TV and it wasn't crowded either. Really enjoyed the moment when the Cowboys choked at the end and the bartender, who was yelling for dallas victory a few minutes earlier, didn't say a word for the next 30 minutes. How bout them Cowboys?
2	Stopped in on a Saturday afternoon for some beer and food.  Great beer selection for sure.  The pricing is confusing though if you're ordering flights because some of the individual tasters are 1/3 of the full glass price and some are 1/2 the price.  We neglected to ask what the cost was for each individual tasters before ordering the flights and so when the bill came we were a bit taken back by the high cost.  Had I known some of the 5oz tasters cost more than $5 I would have just ordered a glass of something.  I think they should list the sample sized cost for each of the beers on the menu, that would have helped us make a better choice instead of leaving the place with a feeling of never wanting to return.  However, the food was ridiculously bad.  The caesar salad looked like someone just opened a prepackaged bag from the store and carelessly dumped it into a bowl while the flatbread pizza looked and tasted like something less desirable than a frozen Tombstone pizza. For the cost my expectations were a bit more high.  The service was really good and attentive though.
2	We were very excited about this place and unfortunately were very disappointed. The food and service was below par. Awesome beer selection though!! Food was SMALL portions and very bland. Our waitress forgot two items and took about 30-40 min for food. Will not return- maybe for drinks at the bar, but that's it. It's a real bummer.
2	Rather disappointed. Not by the beer selection...that is fantastic. But the service? Well now that was lacking. We sat down at one of the several open tables and it took about 10 minutes for the first waitress to tell us she'd be right back. About another 10 minutes pass and a second waitress brings is coasters. Eventually the first waitress came back and we finally ordered drinks; and that's where we stopped. Because at the pace of service here, we wouldn't get any food till next. Maybe we'll try this again...but sheesh.
5	I was pleased by the beer and the service. I went in on a Friday during happy hour. It was packed let me tell you. I went up to the bar and immediately I had a server asked what I wanted. I looked over their selection and asked what a good pale ale would be. She said to try the Odell 5 barrel, which was incredible. Multiple times I had servers come up to me and ask if I needed anything. They were super nice to me. They even gave me tastes of a few different beers. I will definitely be going back to this fine establishment.
2	More like World of Tears! I've been here three times now and finally I have learned my lesson. Though they offer a great selection of bottles and drafts, the service is absolutely awful. The first time I went, the waitress clearly did not know anything about the beer. The second time, the waitress again did not know anything about the beers. The third time, I knew better to ask about any beers (probably wasn't going to get much help). I did go to watch basketball (since there are about 50 million TVs in the place). I had to ask 3 times to change a TV to one of the games. The first two waiters listened to my request and then proceeded to DO NOTHING and then finally, the third time, a young woman got another server to change the TV. But he changed it to the non-HD version, so I might as well have watched the game from across the street. I feel like most people would have still thought the experience was great, but unlike them, I'm not mesmerized by boobs. I like when people know about the products they are serving and acknowledge their guests.
5	I have been going to WOB for a few months now. I might even consider myself a regular there at this point.  What hooked me about WOB is the extensive beer knowledge that the servers and bartenders have.  There are lots of places in Tempe with good beer, but very few places where the staff know beer as well as they do at WOB.  By the second time going there, the bartender remembered me and recommended excellent beers according to my tastes.  Rachel, the bartender with the purple hair, particularly stands out in her level of beer knowledge and exceptional customer service.  Every time I go there she takes time to make sure that I'm taken care of and even if I'm not in her section she always comes by to make sure I'm doing ok and to recommend beer to me she believes I'll enjoy based on her memory of my beer preferences.  Brandon and Hannah are two more WOB staff who stand out in their exceptional customer service and beer knowledge.  The beer selection at WOB is truly impressive and ever changing, which makes going there once a week a true beer adventure!  I especially enjoy the tap events sponsored by local breweries during which I can taste beers that are available no where else.  The addition of food to their wares is very welcome.  The food is delicious, presented very well, and is served very quickly.  And, for you vegetarian beer drinkers out there, their vegetarian flatbread is divine!
5	This review is coming from a guy who does not drink beer but will say this is the only place in Tempe I will have a beer or two at! I love the vast selection that is offered at World of Beer and there are quite some strong stuff. I have found that I enjoy stout beer the most and they have quite the selection on stout (both draft and bottled). If I'm going to drink beer, it will be flavorful and heavy. Staff is great and if not all, most are very informative about the selection and are always willing to give samples. I can be indecisive about what I want and the staff is great at helping me make up my mind. I recommend to anyone who enjoys beer and even to those who don't drink beer much. One of my favorite spots on Mill Ave.
3	I waited a long time to come here. I remember seeing it on the news about a year or so ago and I'm the type to let the shine wear off, if you will, of a new business. Now that I have Friday afternoons free, I looked forward to my afternoon on Mill and my first visit to this hops oasis. the selection by far exceeded my expectations. with AZ Beer Week in full swing, they had tap take overs of 3 different breweries. Of the 3 beers I had, 2 were ones that you couldn't get at your local Total Wine or grocery store. My problem lays with the level of service. My bartender (Rachel on this Friday afternoon) poured a great Marble Reserve Ale. I even complimented her on it. Well, that was after about 10 minutes after she gave me the draught beer menu. And it only went down hill from there. I attempted to order food and request a bottle beer menu several times with no reciprocation. An assistant manager helped me out (Victor) after about 30 minutes of trying. Rachel knew her beer and how to pour it, but was lacking in the customer service portion. I counted only 8 people in the place while I was there; about 1 o'clock. I am in the process of starting a beer tour business with this being one of the spots we would visit and I can't in good faith bring my clientele here if this is the level of attention that we would be receiving. I will be contacting you directly to discuss this opportunity. If not for the selection, this experience would have received 1 star. Plus 2 for beer selection.
3	Had a few disappointing things happen. Drinks coming after 25 Minutes. The bar being very inconsistent, none of the drinks were the same. Different color and taste and they were the same drink... That was disappointing and a good way to ruin a good drink. Our waitor forgot about our food, we didn't have to pay for it in the end, but we had a very exhausting day and were starving and got the food 50 minutes after we ordered. Our waiter didn't really seem to know beer and said repeatedly  that an ale was the IPA in a flight which there is an obvious color difference. Not sure if I will return which is a shame because their beer list is amazing.
5	Great CRAFT BEER on tap at NOW 2 different locations plus beer brats and lunch specials make for a great experience.  Friendly Service as well.  What more does one need?
3	Decent food, good service, chill atmosphere.  Stopped in for a bite and a brew and were treated very well by our server, Ben, who had a great personality and seemed to be having a lot of fun.  Way too many beer choices for us, but we managed to make decisions and were not disappointed.  We split an order of onion rings and a Rueben and both were good.  Really liked the horseradish-laden dipping sauce for the rings.  All in all a good solid place.
3	After having a horrible experience at the new place C.A.S.A across the street we moseyed on over to WOB. I've been in a few times now and each time I've enjoyed my experience. (Side note I've only sat at the bar so this review is mainly about my experience sitting at the bar).WOB is awesome when it comes to the selection of beer and the bartenders really know their stuff.Food is decent... Not the best but not bad. Service is always friendly and fast!
1	Did not care for the environment, wait or tap selection. NOT ENOUGH SEATING!  Excellent concept Horrible delivery!
4	Even though this place is a chain it still has a pretty good vibe to it. I popped in here one afternoon when they first opened but I was with my Mom and we were looking for somewhere to eat a late lunch and at that time they didn't offer any food. Now I see that they do have some appetizers and small plates available even though I haven't tried them yet. It looks to be mostly greasy bar food but hey, that's what you want to soak up the alcohol after a night out drinking. My most recent visit here was for a friend's 40th birthday. A bunch of us walked over after a nice dinner at Caffe Boa and even though we raised the average age in the place substantially we all had a great time. I only had one beer since I had already had a little too much wine with dinner. But their beer list is so impressive, I could definitely see this being a great place to hang out and try some new craft brews. They also had all the local favorites on tap, including some of the Northern AZ and Tucson breweries. The service was great even though it was a Saturday night and the place was packed. I don't particularly enjoy doing the Mill Ave scene since I am a UA alumna but I have to admit I am a fan of WOB.
3	We brought a growler in to be filled and the bartender didn't tighten the cap and used masking tape to seal it.
5	Seriously how can you not give 5 stars to a place with this many beers available? Good vibe and its on a corner so you can people watch. Perfect place to day drink on the weekend!!
3	Good spot on Mill to try a wide variety of beers.  The servers are friendly and knowledgeable of the beers, which is important in a place like this.It is a bit loud but they do have an upstairs area that I would recommend if you're with friends and want to have a conversation.
3	Zillions of imports    Kinda like CarMax of beer..Okay, so like hundreds of beers on tap. crazy good beers with crazy names that you will not remember after the first two because imports are so dang strong. I have been here twice for happy hour. I can only tell you that you will have the opportunity to taste/drink beer you have never heard of and you will stagger out onto Mill Ave and begin fighting with all the homeless people just because. The next day you will see the bruises and your friends will tell you the tales of World of Beer. Personally I did not start a fight but I did stagger and I did witness an argument. Brought on I am sure by strong imported beer. Which can  be good, just take a cab is all. The Tempe cops have their eyes on you here. Because they should. The food was not memorable though I think I tasted something fried and maybe a hot pretzel. But does it really matter? This is world of beer, where you will have to fight your way up to the crowded bar for each glass and push past the "tasters" who are pretending they are tasting but they are actually drinking for free. I am allowed to say that because I was one of them. A truly fun place.
4	Big selection of beers. They also have a small mix drinks menu as well. Didn't realize it until a few days ago but they also serve food? Not sure if it's good or not. Didn't want to pay for overpriced food if it's going to be bad.The white chocolate and the Hava beer with blueberries was good!I say come in a small group because it's true what they say about the place being small. And eat first because the food here is unknown variable. Who knows if it's good or bad. And then you'll be out some money too that could have been spent on beer.
5	I work in the close area and visit many of the bars around Mill Ave, this by far is one of best. You get a more mature bar in the heart of Tempe, and if you're a craft brew fan, you'll be content. The great selection of beers both on draught and in bottle is sure to please everyone's tastes. The staff consists of great people, both very knowledgable and very personable/friendly.I can not recommend World of Beer enough if you're a craft brew fan who doesn't want the typical college "party scene".
4	So thank god for good beer, 20 minutes and no food. Absolutely dead in here, and did i mention no chicken products in stock. Lucky i wanted some beer .... Did discount for wait, so not to bad.
1	With all the microbrew swirl out there you have to beware of places like World of Beer. Read the menu for the prices for sure! At 11:00pm on a Saturday NO FOOD could be bought! That is illegal in many states and increases drunkenness. From what I have seen here Arizona loves the drunk drivers! Lots of revenue! Why would they want to decrease the tons of money they are making here. I have lived in 16 states and AZ is the worse (Connecticut you are #2). Did I say watch those prices? The most I have ever paid for a pint of beer was $7.75 and that was a Southern Tier Pumpkin Pie, hands down my favorite. I just moved here from the microbrew capital of America, Portland, OR. You pay $4.50-$5.50 a pint there, sometimes $6.00. I chose the beer the yuppy guy next to me liked and it was fair, but unimaginative. When the bill came that beer was $9.00 a pint!! NINE DOLLARS! WTF! I complained and did anyone adjust the bill or give me a freebie...NO! If we were allowed food we would have eaten like kings and drank like viking kings! It was still a fat check and nothing was credited on the bill!! NINE DOLLARS! Then I realized that my buzz was less than it should be so I asked for the alcohol percentage. 5.9% was the response. I lost it. NINE DOLLAR beers have high alcohol plain and simple. So, 0.9% stronger than a Budweiser and double the price! I will never go back to this bar again and that's a shame since I have been there twice before this and I am a good tipper even to our beer server that night.
4	World of Beer has a selection that goes on for days! We didn't get food this time, but will definitely return to try some - the pretzel they have looks amazing! We stopped in for some drinks on the 4th of July and were pleased with the service and atmosphere.  This is a great place on Mill Ave. for people watching and great drinks!
3	Being from California i didn't find anything special here that i couldn't get back home. And I'd say their beers were hella over priced. The server didn't seem too familiar with their beer and the food selection wasn't that great so we went across the street to El Hefe.
5	ALL CRAFT BEER........I love this bar. I could hang out here for hours and hours.  I just wish it wasn't in downtown Tempe to where I have to worry about a DUI.....thanks Uber!!!
1	We have been here several times for the great beer selection. However, the past three times, the service has been HORRIBLE. The bartenders are distracted and inattentive, to say the least. The support staff is awesome and tries to help the best they can, but they are at the mercy of the bartenders. And we have yet to see a bar manager who checks in to make sure things are going well...maybe there isn't one? Anyway, despite the awesome beers, we've given up. Sigh....
1	I went to world of beer Saturday night. I was not intoxicated to the point where I couldn't handle myself. I love (loved) world of beer. Usually always attended there during the day.Anyways. .  I stood outside with my two girls friends we spoke about how we wanted to use a restroom and we love [loved] world of beer so we wanted to grab a beer and use the restroom.  The bouncer overheard us outside saying we wanted to use the restroom. He refused me to come in. I asked why. Like anyone would say. And he mentioned the restroom part. I replied I am getting a beer I am also a bartender in Scottsdale I know how it works. He still wouldn't  let me in .. At that point I decided to speak with a manager. The bouncer would not get me the manager. I became floored.  Eventually another bouncer came out and handled the situation better.      They said I couldn't come in because iwas wearing a crop too [ my stomach was showing ) FIRST OFF I had a cover up in my purse and the bouncer never mentioned that was the problem.  I'm positive he had no serious reason till then.  Finally another bouncer let me in and a manager comped first beers and I left. Not even using the restroom. I have never been more humiliated and degraded in my life as a someone in the industry myself.  The rude bouncer had a beard.  And a serious ego problem. Also extremely unattractive.  Worst experience ever.
5	Huge selection of both bottled and draft beers. Changing craft beer specials all the time.  This place is great!  I have never NOT been able to get a beer I was craving which is worth 5 stars alone.  I am usually here when traveling on business so I come here by myself which is fine because it is the type of fun place to order a few beers and then sit out on their small patio right along Mill Ave. and people watch.  Very relaxing and cool. I have never ordered food and don't know if they even have a grill.  Bartenders are always helpful with beer choices.  If you are a beer lover, highly recommend!!
4	Great beer selection and friendly staff. On weekends the place gets rather full with local college students. But the place is overall friendly. Tables can be a bit scarce, but ask to sit with someone - more than likely they will let you and you may make a new friend. Decent food menu and good pricing on beers and mixed drinks.
4	Good rotating beers. Foods ok. Atmosphere is better for the day.. Decent amount of TVs, service is alright.. No major complaints..
5	If you like sours, try that Logsdon Bretta one time ... New Belgium Le Terroir pretty good too
4	My buddies and I decided to stop in to grab some beers to escape the heat.  What we didn't realize was the place didn't open for another hour.  The bartender however was quite gracious and was happy to serve us poor sweaty saps.  I opted for several of the local brews (Ninkkasi, dark and malty) and they definitely hit the spot.  The variety is great (see the pictures) and there are loads of beers on tap and available.  If you want to take a peek before venturing in, the menu is quite extensive: http://worldofbeer.com/locations/Tempe/menusSince the place wasn't officially open, the bartender stood by and chatted.  Very cool girl, I don't recall her name but she was from California and she was very knowledgeable about the beers and the things to do in the area (and randomly, San Diego (lol)).  The ambiance was a typical bar getup and there were TVs with sports.  Very chill.----------------------------- For the beer-illiterates like myself:When choosing a beer, the bitterness level is measured by IBU.  IBU usually ranges from 0 (watery) to 120 (cough syrup/medicine (IMO)).  Beers are categorized in Malts (dark with usually hints of caramel, coffee, nuts, etc), Stouts (barley), Porters (dark and dry), Ales (full bodied with hints of fruit/spice), and Lagers (aged, very carbinated with a medium hops taste).----------------------------Cheers!
3	This place is an international beer-lover's delight. Everything from great local brews, to top US breweries, rare belgiums, german lagers and ales, etc. Beer selection gets my A+.Why I'm only rating it 3 stars is due to the terrible service and poor food quality.My friend and I sat at a table near the bar, and we repeatedly had to ask for water, refills, etc. It got to the point where we just went up to the bar if we needed anything. I wasn't expecting black-tie service, but as someone who has worked for a busy wine bar and who is currently in the service industry I usually fulfill my customer's requests within 15 minutes. Just sayin'.We both ordered the wings, which were just fine, then our second round we went for the flatbread. It arrived as this lumpy rectangle topped with 5-6 questionable meat pieces, unmelted cheese, terrible marinara, and had I not been really hungry and on my 4th beer I would have sent it back.  :(I will return for additional beers, but I'll pack a granola bar with me to quell any hunger pangs...
3	I think that of all the places on Mill Ave, this is a good one to stop at for a beer.  With that said, do not try going here on a weekend night.  No one is going to help you because they are so busy trying to help the throngs of ASU students who are apparently all in front of you.  The selection of beer is good, but you can't enjoy it without getting pushed or moved or nudged.I will definitely try this place out when it's not so crowded but for now I would say that it is good for a quick pit stop on the way to a place that is not as crowded.
5	We came here for the game and had a blast. Our server was patient and great with our big crowd. It was overwhelming for me to pick out a beer so I just told the server what I was in the mood for and he came back with the perfect selection. We had the mac and cheese, pretzel, wings and we initially wanted the ham and cheese sandwich but they said they were discontinuing that so they subbed in turkey. Pretty standard bar food, not great but not bad at all. Would definitely go back here for another game as they have tv's everywhere.
3	Fun place and nice bar tenders but can feel a little tacky. Also the trivia is very american centric so for someone who is from overseas it can drag on.
5	Great spot for the beer lovers of the world. Staff is great and Anna is a excellent bartender. She knows her stuff and she has excellent knowledge of beer. Amazing atmosphere and food is to die for. Anything you want to know about beer ask these guys they know their stuff. Cheers to many more pours at World of Beer Tempe!
1	First time in this WoB. From 9 attempts, 8 beers were sold out. Finally I found a beer from Poland which was in stock. I asked the bartender to see the bottle and later I realized the best before date was expired. (I told the server that it was expired, but no reaction from her)After drinking 3/4 of the beer (1 hour later), I felt very bad in my stomach and asked for water and a slice of bread. I got my water, but the server said that she would have to charge me for bread. So I took the cab back and my friends continued partying that night. We all ate 6 hours ago the same kind of sub at subway and I was the only one feeling very bad. I'm German, so I am sorry for my non native English.
