5	Hooray for the Vikings.  Sure they might have looted and pillaged their way across Europe and spawned plenty of bad death metal bands, but in the grand scheme of things that's pretty minor. Why? Because without a little genetic mutation spawned in Scandinavia that allows adults to continue consuming dairy all their lives, I'd have to avoid the amazing cheese section that Penn Mac has and would be stuck eating some funky soy based cheese or *gasp* having to do without and that would be a sad day indeed.With enough cheeses to make Wallace & Gromit happy, you are bound to find what you are looking at Penn Mac.   And if you don't know what you are looking for the cheesemongers are great in helping you find your whey.If that was all Penn Mac had it would still be a required shopping destination, but they have so much more.  Their deli is just as amazing with the best Prosciutto di Parma you can buy.  And If you can't find the olive oil or other Italian ingredients you need here then the only place you are going to find them is back in Italy.
4	Lotsa things to choose form from their extensive prosciutto selection straight from Italy, noodles out the ears, sauces and authentic seasoning/spices for you use and delight. Definitely a great place to go for specific ingredient shopping.
5	i need you in los angeles. boo hoo. wah. sob. appreciate this place, pittsburghers. it rocks!!!the cheese is of amazing quality and freshness. What fucking variety.And there are a million other tasty things under this roof. you can't find a place like this easily, trust me, i have tried!
5	Off the Hook, amazing selection of cheese!!Go here!
5	I agree, this is a wonderful place to buy cheese.  Anywhere else in Pittsburgh (and I do mean TJ's and Whole Foods, as well as Giant Eagle) your cheese is likely to taste like the plastic it is wrapped in.  At Penn Mac, it's not only the best in town, it's beyond excellent.  In price, freshness, quality, selection.  You can buy half pounds, despite what the sign says.  I always did.  I also think the nuts are a great deal,  and the spices.  Worth the trek from whatever neighborhood you live in, or from your downtown workplace.  If you have a car, they do have (limited) parking in back.  And some of the nicest flowers in Pittsburgh are sold out front, too!  Holiday seasons and weekends this place is a bit nuts, but I went regularly, year-round, maybe every 2 weeks and totally relied on this place.Foodies visiting Pittsburgh, especially if you're staying in the Convention Center area, should definitely check out "the Strip" for shopping and snacks.
5	Penn Mac deserves more than 5 stars!This place is the best italian food store I've seen anywhere in the US.  The selection and quality of their cheeses, meats, olives, pastas, oils, sauces, etc is just incredible.  The prices are also really good - any other store with a big cheese selection will charge a ton more.I used to shop here at least once a week and since I've moved away from Pittsburgh, this is the store I miss the most.  I now live in Chicago and even here there is nothing like it.  I still frequently buy their stuff online through their website....Thank God for the internet.Favorite items include: Calabrese Olives, House Italian Olive Oil, Istara Cheese, Mortadella w/Pistaccio, Ciabatta Bread
4	This place is one of the saving graces of Pittsburgh food shopping. They have bins of bulk dry goods and prices are decent. They even have the requisite flirty cheese/deli guys. The provolone at deli counter is really exceptional. I would give them 5 stars, but it's always difficult to find chinotto. The goat cheese/brie section can be a bit sketchy. It also has become some bizarre tourist destination, so you have to put up with Baby Boomers clogging the aisles, not really buying anything, and asking "Semolina flour? I don't even know what that's for!" If you can help it, don't go on the weekend. Also I think Sunseri, Jimmy & Nino has a bigger olive oil selection.
5	So much to oggle, so much to buy! I think I'm in love. I had too much fun at this place! Great selections of cheese, meat, pasta, etc... makes me want to buy and play. They also had the biggest bottles of olive oil I'd ever seen... so, you know, you can buy just that exact quantity of oil that you need. I must go back.
3	A fun place to stop by when you're in the area but I really see no need to make a special trip here.Someone talked up the cheese counter and I thought it was a place with a lot of cheeses where i could browse, ask questions, pick them up and smell them.  But it's really a cheese counter (which I'm sure all you locals already knew) where you can read a list of cheeses (no details) on a chalkboard then you take a number and order.  The press of people at the counter make it difficult to really ask about the cheese and do any sampling.  This is more like a deli, you better know what you want and be quick about it.  The selection is pretty good but I guess I'm spoiled in SF where have not just gouda but like 5 different kinds to choose from at a cheese shop (cow versus goat, different ages).Macaroni also had a pretty wide selection of other dry and canned goods.The most impressive thing was the bresaola, which can be very difficult to find.  Although it wasn't home-made.
3	This is a Pittsburgh institution, and if you're coming in from out of town, you probably should check it out.  It's got an excellent selection at the cheese counter (though the cheese counter is crowded, so if you want a lot of personalized assistance, you should go during a less-busy time, like a weekday afternoon), and a pretty wide selection of dried pastas.  The bulk olive oil is decent quality and an excellent value.  And the fresh pasta does look nice.However, Penn Mac is just too crowded to do regular grocery shopping there.  I do most of my weekly shopping in the Strip, and I can get in and out of the other Italian or Greek wholesalers in the time it takes me just to get past the front room of Penn Mac.  Unless I need a specific cheese that I know I'll have a hard time finding elsewhere, I generally skip Penn Mac and go to Sunseri's or Stamoolis Bros, which are much less crowded and offer a similar range of foods.
4	Best deli in the city.  It's not a tasting shop, but if you go during off-peak hours and ask to try a bunch of things, they're more than willing to make your day brighter.  Great selection of random Italian dry goods.  Worth a trip, although avoid weekend afternoons if you're adverse to crowds.
4	Penn Mac was really my first experience of an Italian influenced "wholesale" store that many larger cities have.  I don't have a hard time justifying a special trip here, all it means is a healthy 20 minute bike ride up and down a fun hill.  The prices really are hard to beat, you will quickly find a list of things you get here for half the price you do at Whole Foods, Giant Eagle or even Trader Joe's for some things.  (My almost-half-price list currently includes: dried pasta, dried beans, olives, capers, olive oil, tahini, spices, most produce, tiramisu ingredients and most nicer cheeses.)I will reiterate that if you go on a weekend (doesn't even have to be before a holiday or nice weather) you will be waiting outside for a bit before you even get to enter the store, much less take a number at the cheese counter.Oh yeah, the employees might not ask you if you need help but they are more than willing to do so when asked.
5	dudes and dudettes, this place is amazing. they've got cheese, pepperoni and prosciutto coming out their ears. fresh pasta, homemade pasta sauce and olive oil from the barrel for the taking. they've got frozen dough, pepperoni slices and shredded cheese all next together if you want to bake your own pizzas. when they're not busy go to the deli and find the perfect compliment to whatever wine you've been needing an excuse to drink. the people that work there are the nicest folk that clearly love their jobs. most of them love that i don't know the first thing about anything italian because it gives them a chance to share what it is they specialize in. goods are cheap, fresh and of the highest quality. i hope i'm able to find something similar when i move soon. one of the top 10 reasons i've enjoyed my time in pittsburgh.
5	"Hey, darling, you talkin' to your boyfriend?"  the deli counter man recently teased me as I waited in line talking on my cell phone.  Oh the deli men - they're hilarious.  I'd even say, their worth the trip out to the store, but you might want to know more about the food, glorious food. I shop at the Macaroni Company weekly.  They're great.  From the deli men who hand you samples of meats and cheeses while you wait, to the great selection of bulk foods, to fine selection of meats to the Italian cheeses, to the fill-a-bottle- olive oil station to the fresh pasta to the bulk spices section to the moon and the sun and the earth and Jupiter, this place is lovely.  (Or loverly if your Eliza Dolittle).  The place tends to be packed like a tin of touch-a-philic sardines on the weekends, and I think many people are tourists, but that doesn't stop it from being great. And, that was a long sentence, but not as long as those of some really antiquated authors I've read.In any case, the Macaroni Company is a little slice of Italy mixed with Pittsburgherness and fun.
4	Ah, what a treasure trove!  Five distinct rooms of meats/cheeses, dry goods, bottled/jarred/canned products, bakery items, and produce.Do yourself a favor:  walk into the deli room, stop, close your eyes, and breathe in deeply.  That smell is close to heaven.  I did this and a few minutes later I noticed my friend do the exact same.  Bins and barrels of nuts, beans, pasta, etc; huge metal cans of bulk olive oil; giant plastic buckets of olives; a few dozen cheeses; several Italian-style deli meats and several traditional American selections; spices from half-gallon size down to little $1 2-oz cups; every sort of bottled condiment, sauce, pickle, garnish, and Italian-ish specialty food item that you can think of; big racks of baked goods; and a modest produce selection.  This place has everything!My heart leapt when I saw gaperon cheese on their menu board.  I've been looking for gaperon for almost two years.  Alas, they didn't have any...big fat sad face.The frozen pierogis that I bought here were last night's dinner and tasted fantastic.  Their baked good section is mostly bare by 2pm on Sunday, so go early!
4	I love your wonderful cheese, Penn Mac!  You have an amazing variety, all my favorites.
5	I will never buy any type of Italian sausage at Giant Eagle again because now i know what real sausage tastes like.  And, the deli counter guy at Giant Eagle doesn't inappropriately and amusingly call me "babe" every five seconds like the ones at Penn Mac do.   Ordering "hot italian sausage" from a deli guy that calls you "babe" is as amusing as Sunday morning can get.   :-)    I'll keep coming here for fresh meats and cheeses as long as I live in Pittsburgh.
5	I walked into Penn Macaroni Co knowing I knew absolutely nothing about cured meats and cheeses.  I've always been intimidated by specialty shops b/c there are always giant lines with people who look impatient and want to just grab what they need and head out.  I decided to swallow up my fear and head inside with the intention of walking out knowing more than when I walked in.I headed to the cured meats section in the deli room and kinda just stood back staring at all the beautiful meats.  When one of the deli guys was free and asked me if I needed help, I flat out told him "I know nothing about anything in this room.  But I want to learn."  And he was like "I got just what you need" and brought out some samples for me.  He went on to explain them to me and what kind of cheeses to pair with stuff.  After I picked out my meat, I was heading over to the cheese counter when he kinda called me out and was like "I'm not done with you yet!" and handed me butcher paper with even more cured meats and cheeses to try out.  He also told me I have to feed my friend more b/c she looked too skinny, =P.I love going into a store where I get individualized attention by someone who actually cares about what he or she is doing and is passionate about his or her job.  It just makes you walk out with a smile on your face.I plan on heading back every other week to get a new pairing of meats and cheeses and hopefully one day my palate will be super sophisticated, haha
5	I love this place.  Produce is cheap, but good quality.  The cheese/deli area...holy sh*t.  I was in Europe this summer and their selection rivals some Parisian cheese shops.  Prices are unbelievably low, too!  Lots of bulk spices & grains, homemade pasta, self-serve oil & balsamic...you need to start shopping here if you're not already.
4	On a visit to Pittsburgh, our best meal was assembled from foodstuffs found at the Penn Macaroni Co.Amazing selection of meats, cheeses, specialty foods, and fresh everything.   Shop early in the day for the best selection.Service is helpful and knowledgeable.  Prices are fair for a specialty shop.
5	This place was my favorite place EVER. the most awesome cheese & meat counters, all sorts of macaroni/italian goods, spices, and the list goes on and on and on.the only negative is that you have to buy a minimum of a 1/2 lb of cheese at a time. but the prices were incredibly affordable so i always just ended up with a LOT of cheese. not necessarily a bad thing come to think of it.don't come here hungry!
5	This place is A # 1!!! I found out about PennMac 5 years ago while looking for a source for Caputo 00 ...  Have been hooked ever since!  Cara Nonna pasta, the cheeses, Agostino Recca Anchovies, sauces... The Best Italy has to offer.. affordable and just a phone call away.  The packaging & shipping is perfect and because the prices at  the store are so reasonable I pay the shipping cost without a thought.   As friendly as can be & I can't wait  to visit them some day.  When you call... you'll talk to Rose who will take your order, pulls it from the shelf as she's talking to you... If you're not sure exactly what type sauce, oil, cheese etc. that you need,  trust her... let her pick it out for you...When you call, tell here that Mark in Alabama told you to call...She'll remember your name the next time you call too!
5	Since I have been away from the burgh, I have come to miss Penn Mac. If you ever go looking for cheese this is mecca. There is a huge selection and the service is excellent- they know their cheese and can guide you to some great picks. My favorite Saturday morning shopping trips in the strip involved coming to this phenomenal store.
5	Outstanding place - a real asset for Pittsburgh.  They carry incredible food, but they don't carry the snobby attitudes (or high prices) that usually go along with good food.  Great cheese selection, and the guys at the counter know their stuff.  They're a little gruff, but they're actually really friendly guys.  (Please: don't hold a five minute conversation with them and try 10 cheeses on Saturday when there are 30 people waiting, though.)  The salamis across from the cheese counter are excellent, and this is probably the only place I've been that has 3-4 different brands of anchovy paste.  Their fresh pasta is excellent, too. On the note of waiting: there's always a crowd here on Saturday, so grab your cheese number as soon as you get in the door, do the rest of your shopping, then head back to the cheese counter.  Better yet, go after around 3 on Saturday (or pretty much any other day of the week) to avoid the crowds.**P.S.  Don't go sampling 20 cheeses to make up your mind, but ask for a sample of any cheese before you buy it.  I just bought my second pound of "past due" blue in a year.  (Two pounds out of probably 6-7 that I've bought in the past year.  And yes, I know most people would think that all blues are "past due", but this stuff had the ammonia taste that's the telltale sign that the cheese has gone.)  Still love PennMac, but have a little caution.
5	While it may look a little run down from the outside and the aisles aren't incredibly clean, the fantastic quality, huge selection, and great prices make this a destination - and a truly awesome store.Dried pastas and fresh pastas, a cheese list topping 150, sauces both housemade, imported, and domestic....spices, tools, meats, vegetables....I really cannot think of an Italian cooking ingredient I didn't see during our visit.Super helpful staff, friendly customers, and a very authentic feel....really, a must visit, even for tourists.
4	This place was noted as a "must visit" location during my last trip to Pittsburgh. I must say, it was definitely worth the visit. To all reading this, be aware that essentially, this is just a grocery store we're talking about here. However, the rustic building, and kitchy offerings (like pour your own olive oil...or taste our 100cheeses) makes it kind of special. When I was given this recommendation, I was told "head to the back to where the cheese is". So, I did. WHOA - so much more cheese than I ever expected. But no macaroni and cheese....boo. They should really consider serving mac and cheese. That's all.
5	Simply amazing! They have everything! I especially love the cheese selection and bulk olives. The Penn Mac sauces are delectable and a quick fix on those lazy days when you don't feel like making your own, I just wish they made alfredo. I would much rather spend my money here than all of the Giant Eagle's that monopolize my city.
2	Have been a regular here for several years. They have a great selection of cheeses, sauces and pastas. They also have a small bread area and produce section. Most of the reviews online have been positive so I will share my negative. 1. Be careful of the pasta selections. You can pay a high price for a bowl of noodles that tear apart as soon as they hit the water. Know what you are buying or leave it alone.I have always felt that the people behind the cheese counter were very knowledgeable. Anytime I was cooking a particular type of food or looking for a cheese that would go good with........I had only to ask. This past time I saw one of the regular employees and informed him that we were making mexican food for friends and I was looking for a cheese that would make a good queso.....but I was unable to finish. As soon as I said the work "mexican" he glared at me and told me that although I may think he looks mexican - he wasn't.  He then left me standing at the counter while he went to get a drink of water. Maybe he was having a bad day - but he didn't improve mine any.  I bought my cheese down the street. Not sure I will go back, or at least I will try to get someone else to wait on me.
4	four stars for a fine cheese purveyor that doesn't smell like dirty feet covered in barf, after eating mexican.penn mac has a huge selection of cheeses from around the world, and the 'cheese people' are extremely knowledgeable and willing to recommend and sample.almost everything else italian is available here, from fresh pasta, olives by the barrel and homemade sausage.even if you're not going to buy anything it's worth a walk through to enjoy the sights and smells.
5	They sell Kinder Bueno bars. If you have ever been to Italy, you would know how awesome that is.
5	The second stop that salvaged our extended drive to Pittsburgh was our seasonal stop at Penn Mac.  Penn Mac is as original as it gets! Cheese, meats, pasta, and dry goods.  There is a pilgrimage by locals on Christmas Eve to pick up cheese and meats so you have to get there early or wait in line.  However, the staff is knowledgeable and the festive atmosphere makes for a great day.  Go anytime and make sure you have an extended shopping list.
4	Could I do all my shopping at Penn Mac?  No way.However, it will always be at least a bi-weekly stop for me because of their amazing selection of Italian imports and fresh cheese.  Things I'll always buy here:  canned San Marzano tomatoes for homemade sauce, fresh mozzarella, pepperoni, and these awesome little Italian candies called Pocket Coffee.  If you're in Pittsburgh and ever cook Italian food, I recommend a stop!
4	I enjoy Italian food a lot, I've worked as a cook in a tuscan restaurant, and I happen to be Italian; therefore, I love Penn Mac Co..  I cannot find everything I need to cook a quality meal at any other single store.  Whether I'm making sauce from stewed tomatoes, perciatelli with anchovy, or salt-cod; this store never lets me down.  And despite the enormous traffic, the place is always clean and well stocked.  Any pasta shape you can think of can be found here dried and most you can find anywhere else can be found here fresh.  The fresh cheeses look great as do the olives, though to be honest I haven't bought any yet.  Well worth a visit while shopping the strip.
5	The international Cheese shop in Pennsylvania Macaroni Co is incredible.   WOW! really different cheeses - REAL CHEESE!  Kraft cheese, this is NOT!  The cheeses are aged naturally - not pushed. We purchased the Italian Gorgonzola Dulci and the Aged Crotonese Made in Calabria. The staff is generous with the samples too. They know you will buy once you taste it. There is real pride in this stuff and the staff is eager to guide you to just the cracker that will fit the cheese.  An amazing place in the strip District.
5	Besides the fact that they have a phenomenal selection of meats & cheeses, they also have some of the most helpful, knowledgable staff around. I've come in on multiple occasions, not at all knowing what I wanted, but knowing I needed to make a cheese & meat platter for six. All I do is tell them that, & they start pulling cheeses & slicing off slivers for me to taste! They're just wonderful at Penn Mac.PS Try the English Gloucester cheese - it's a rich, orange, sorta cheddary cheese that's chock full of chives! Basically, the ideal cheese for potatoes.
5	During college, this was one of my favorite place to be on a Saturday morning(ish). It was crowded, yes, but something about yelling orders of cheeses is just so... Italian! They do a good job of managing the crowd too, especially when it comes to keeping their shelves well stocked. The store is laid out in such a way that  you know where you are supposed to go, and everything looks nice and clean.They have a great selection of meats, cheese, pasta, spices and olives that is not limited to Italian favorites. Theres also coffee, olive oil, bread, vegetables, etc, but I really can't speak for those. Its just not why you go there. I'd recommend getting some fresh mozzarella, kalamata olives, sauteed red peppers, a loaf of bread, some flowers and an Orangina :)
4	Cheese Mecca.  Holy Grail of cheese.  Cheesy Nirvana.  I've died and gone to cheese.Joined every other citizen in the 'Burgh on a Saturday morning for the feeding frenzy at the cheese counter -- with more cheese than you can shake a (bread)stick at.  Good thing Penn Mac has its ish together with an old-school take-a-number system and cheese mongers that keep things flowing quickly and the mob ruly.  Wanted to stick my face in the vat of house-made goat cheese ricotta.  Walked out with a tub of homemade Penn Mac fresh mozz instead.I think they sell other stuff here, too, but I had a cheese-track mind.[15 Minutes of Fame: "Man v. Food"]
4	First impression upon entering the store (2/5) : "What the heck is that smell?!" After walking into the store a little further, I found my answer. CHEESE! The store was a little on the "sloppy/pack rat/ sweaty/ definitely wouldn't hurt to mop every once in a while" side. My first instinct wasn't to leave so that is always a good thing. Customer service (5/5): I went there because my husband randomly missed Spain so he wanted to make a bunch of mini bocadillos with different types of meat and cheeses. We already got the meat from another place down the street so what better place to get a variety of cheeses than the Macaroni co? The lady that helped us was wonderful!! She was so patient with us even though there were a million people waiting in line.  She automatically knew which cheese to recommend based on what would compliment the meat that we had. She was extremely knowledgeable about the various kinds of cheese. I could seriously listen to her talk all day about the history of the cheese... she made it so interesting.  My husband is VERY indecisive so he couldn't figure out which one he liked more. Food (4/5): We tried at least 7 different kinds of cheese and I didn't like any of them... definitely not a cheese person. My husband on the other hand, LOVED every single one of them! We also went there for some Rustic Italian or any hard shelled bread. I know this is not the store's fault be there needs to be a sign that says, "Do NOT touch the actual bread unless you are buying it!!!" I saw at least 3 people who were squeezing the bread with their dirty hands to see if it was soft. Totally grossed me out. Why would anyone think that is okay?!?! I can understand if you are squeezing the bread through the bag but don't TOUCH it! That is only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5. Oh and the fact that it wasn't that clean.
4	I hit the Strip District about one weekend a month, and Penn Mac is always a "must stop". They have a fantastic cheese, olive, and cured meat selection, its basically a  one stop anitpasto plate. Penn Mac also has those hard to find Italian ingredients, fresh pastas, and great fresh bread. Their produce selection leaves a little to be desired, but the great thing about the strip is great produce is only a few doors away. This place does get PACKED on the weekends so I hope you can tolerate crowds.
4	Pennsylvania Macaroni Company, you are one of many Pittsburgh landmarks that I always knew was there, so I never bothered to investigate. One day I made the trek in to inspect the wares because someone on a talk thread had tipped me off that Penn Mac Co might have the hot sauce selection I so desperately craved.Upon entering you're greeted with all sorts of goodies. Bulk dry foods, cheese, barrels of bulk olives(MMM), meats, boxed items, olive oils, etc. The smells are strong and all of the tastes are equally, if not more so. After inspecting the cheese(and contemplating the benefits of a Cheese of the Month club), I rounded the bend and lo and behold, a beautiful selection of hot sauces! All different kinds, I inspected them all until I came across... Iguana Golden Habanero! This sauce is my favorite, a total all-star, and I just got a bottle of it imported for my birthday! As you can imagine, that was a costly endeavor, but here at Penn Mac, it is a mere $4! Incredible. There are a ton of other novelty sauces and whatnot if you're a fan, I recommend taking a look. As you exit to the back, there is some produce and a few lanes of registers. It was late on a saturday(They were about to close) and there was no line. The place is a treasure and it's definitely worth stopping in, chances are you'll find a few items you didn't know you needed, or didn't think you could pick up in the Burgh
5	So let me start off and say this is the best deli I've ever been to.  There is a cheese counter and a meat counter.  They have great prices, freshest products, biggest variety.  You name the cold cut and they have it here.    Name your cheese, they have it here.  They also have an olive bar, a huge pasta selection including freshly made pasta up by the registers.  They have fresh pizza doe, homemade pasta sauce, oil oils, balsamic vinegars, variety of nuts, crackers, cookies, veggies, fruits, breads.  Oh those pepperoni rolls are better than Mancini's pizza rolls.  Get them early in the am though or poof - gone!  Rivals any NYC deli and possibly beats due to better pricing.....It's 5 star worthy!!!!
5	Love the selection of cheeses, the Penn Mac jarred sauces and homemade and imported pastas! The smell of cheese and olives is awesome!
5	I read my previous review.  It was short & sweet, but perhaps too short.  I want to emphasize how much I really, really, really love this place.  Every time I get stuck going to Giant Ripoff Market District, I realize how much those rat bastards overcharge for everything.  Penn Mac is so damned cheap for cheese, I can see why people come from all over the place to get it here. FYI...my favorite new cheese is Fleur Vert...it's seasonal, but a game changer of a goat cheese.  I paid $14.49/lb for it.  Giant Ripoff wanted $22.99.  Jerks.  Also, make sure to buy ricotta here...it's freshly made!  Be forewarned...you have to buy your cheeses in 1/2 lb increments.  They like me, so when I ask for a small 1/2lb, I can sometimes get lucky.  Seriously, go here for cheese, fancy meats (they have frickin' Iberian jamon...good luck finding that elsewhere) and random Italian things.  I wouldn't say the prices on everything else is as cheap as the cheese counter, but I heart it here and am sad that they're not open during normal working people hours(i.e. after 5pm on weekdays.)
4	Penn Mac is a fun shopping experience. I used to do a lot of my weekly shopping here, but now that I live in the North Hills I've got that can't-cross-the-river syndrome and I only get there every other week or so. It's miles above a Market District, though, in terms of entertainment value and pricing.The cheese counter is pretty good. It's not the most amazing selection ever, but it's great for Pittsburgh. For example, they don't carry a variety of aged cheddars or Stiltons, opting instead to offer one or two basic and many flavored versions (with apples, with onions, etc.) They do let you sample, which I recommend; like another reviewer, I've gotten over-old blue cheese here once or twice. They've always enforced the half-pound minimum for me. The fresh mozzarella is great, and I can't resist it when tomatoes are in season. I hate to even mention it, but one time I got home and found... well, a hair in my mozzarella. It put me off for a few weeks but seems to have been a one-time incident (and no, I never brought it up to them).The deli has fantastic prices and does proper thin slices, nicely laid out on paper sheets so it doesn't stick together. Daniele prosciutto is amazing, and the domestic is pretty good at a great price. Iberico and Serrano jamon? Yes please.Service at both the cheese and deli counters can take a pretty long time if you go on a weekend. However, I've been able to walk right up on weekday afternoons, and the weekend logjam is kind of fun once in a while.In the same room they have the amazing olive bar. I pretty much only buy olives in the Strip. I know the Iggle has an olive bar, but everything I've ever bought from one tastes off in a way I can't put my finger on. Castleventrano olives (a bright, clear light green) are amazing: buttery and briny and fruity with a firm texture. Cerignola are good, and the various stuffed olives on offer are nice if you don't feel like dealing with pits.I haven't really bought many of their bulk goods aside from Jordan almonds, to which I am shamelessly addicted. They have a variety of pretty colors, as well as the "seconds" which aren't as shiny but taste great anyway.I love the selection of anchovies, tuna and tomato products in the dry goods area. They also have a good variety of hot sauces, though I can't say I've ever seen Pickapeppa there. Full range (I think) of Dave's Insanity, and lots of other brands as well. Important: They do sell Blennd concentrate, which you can also pick up at the Iggle. I have fond childhood memories of drinking Blennd at the KMart cafeteria growing up. I introduced my Michigan-born husband to it and he never visits Pittsburgh without getting Blennd at least once. (You can also get it premixed and cold at Wholey's, FYI.)In the next room you'll find baccala (yum), pour-your-own olive oils at a reasonable price (not a huge selection, but the Spanish is fruity and a good everyday sort of thing at $4.99/12oz). I pretty much never buy bread here, opting to hit up the double rustic baguettes at Mancini's instead. The anise love knot cookies are great.The last room has produce, normally at a good price but not the best selection. They do have fresh figs in season, thank God. I have to admit I've never tried the fresh pasta, since that's one of those things I just make at home. I should probably remedy that so I can offer an opinion on it. They sometimes have refrigerated and ready-to-go San Pelligrino Chinotto, a bitter soda that comes in a pretty bottle you can use as a small vase afterwards.Checkout is straightforward and efficient, but you will be in line for a while if you go on a weekend. It's nuts, just like everywhere else in the Strip. If you can, visit all the shops both on a weekday and on a weekend to enjoy two totally different experiences.They do have a small parking area behind the store on Liberty, with which I wish you good luck on a Saturday. Otherwise it's street parking, but there's a ton of that, and walking past and through the other shops in the Strip is so much fun it shouldn't matter anyway.
5	Definitely my favorite place in the strip. I always buy cheese (she calls you "dearheart" and it even says it on the sticker, lol), olive oil, fresh bread, homemade pasta, and homemade sauce here. So great. I always try to check out in the line with the guy who has a picture of his cat too. My wife and I like to talk about cats with people. :/
5	Let me count the ways I love this place.1. The cheese room. A huge bustling room where everyone is scrambling to get different cheese from all over the world. Need I explain more?2. The pasta made on-site. Pick up half a pound of wild mushroom linguine and your dinner guests will be impressed.3. Serve yourself olive oil. I can be a snob when it comes to certain food things, but olive oil? I didn't even know you could be an olive oil snob! There are kegs of different olive oils that you bottle yourself. They're so good.4. Spices by the pound. It's more economical, saves on packaging, and it's just a whole lot more fun to dump a quarter pound of red pepper flakes of paprika into a bag!5. Their pasta sauces. So many different goodies made on-site! This is one of the places I take people when they visit me. Some people look at me like I'm crazy for taking them to a grocery stores, but then there's the others that understand the magic of this place!
1	The restrooms looked like after an bombardment, an improvised shack amid buckets of olives and spices. Highly questionable hygiene for a food store!Disgusting. I will not go back until they clean up the place. It's just filthy!!!
5	The Penn Mac is a landmark in Pittsburgh.  I am a comlplete fan, in particular of their cheese section, which in many ways is the world's best.  They beat out the competition because of their excellent prices, selection, and their quality.  I have checked the prices at Whole Foods and Market District, and often times you pay twice as much at those places for the same cheese.  Carol, a.k.a. Dearheart, is a wonderful help, especially if you are there on a day when it's not as over crowded.  Some other great things about the store...bulk spices (very reasonably priced), olive oil, dried fruit, deli meats, and more.  This store is my favorite place in Pittsburgh and you are missing out if you have not visited!
5	Love this place. You can't be a Pittsburgher unless you've been to Penn Mac. If you're Italian, it doesn't get much better than this. And remember that Monty Python cheese shop skit? Well unlike that, this place has everything. Smells delicious, looks like a classic Italian grocer. Quintessential Strip shop. Check it out.
5	My family and I have strong ties to Pittsburgh despite living in the Akron, Ohio area. Several times a year, however, we always make a point of visiting Pittsburgh, especially right before Christmas. Nothing spells Christmas quite like the Strip, and in particular, PennMac. The thought of the cheese/olive room is enough to bring a tear to my eye. I stocked up on jarred sauces, which are reasonably priced, generously portioned, and most importantly--fresh and delicious. We stacked loaves of bread in the car as well. Seeing all the salted fish (for the upcoming feast of 7 fishes) was beautiful. The most memorable part of the visit, however, was in a small, rather grimy room that boasted huge canisters of home-made wine and small glasses. Initially under the impression that I was intruding upon the staff holiday party, a smiling worker told me that customers were welcome to sample the wine. I was a little wary of trying the un-labeled wine, but it was wonderful and warming. While not available for sale, the wine tasting was a delightful way to warm up from the particularly vicious cold and mingle with other customers. Armed with an arsenal of goods to take back to Ohio, we returned home, satisfied and entirely in the Christmas spirit.
4	Everyone has a different reason to love PennMac.  Mine is the fresh pasta: you can choose from a variety of flavors, and it's all awesome.  The cheeses and meats are also excellent (although, like at most delis, the high-end meats are hit-or-miss because they don't turn over very quickly), and their selection of hot sauces is one of the best in the city.  I'm giving PennMac four stars instead of five because their gruff service can sometimes be intimidating and off-putting.
4	One star off for the veggie section.  Stopped here during a recent trip to Pittsburgh: wound up buying a reusable tote to bring goodies home to Boston.  The cheese shop? To. Die. For.  We need one of these in Boston. So much yumminess in such a little space!!!Great range of olive oil, nuts (bulk), did i mention the plethora of cheese available?They ship...I'm thrilled.  This place saved me a trip to italy.
4	How can you not love Penn Mac? There are so many good things about this lovely little gem of a place. If you're a foodie, you simply must check it out. The variety of delectable spices, cheeses, deli meats, bread, grains and pasta boggle my mind. I tried a habanero soft cheese this weekend that I couldn't help but buy. My eyes were tearing up from the potency of the habanero while my taste buds were throwing a mini dance party. It was creamy pungent cheesy perfection. This is also a great place to pick up 'from scratch' Italian meal essentials. I could really go on about this place. Take a chance and visit one weekend, you won't regret it!
4	This place is great. We purchased the smoked prosciutto, hard salami, and peperoni when we stopped in. The counter staff was very friendly, despite being VERY busy, and made some excellent recommendations. Next time I'm going to add a selection of cheeses to my purchase of cured meat.
5	I must add a caveat to the five star "Woohoo! As good as it gets!" rating. This place is as good as it gets for Italian grocers and delis in Pittsburgh, but is it not quite as good as my all-time favorite, DiPaolo's Dairy on the corner of Grand and Mott in NYC. Short of making the seven hour drive to Little Italy, this place is truly the best in Pittsburgh.The star attraction of Penn Mac is their deli. They have a wide selection of nearly one hundred cheeses from across the US, to imports not only from Italy, but around the world as well. The people working the counters are very nice and helpful no matter how busy they are or how little you know. I remember I was there one busy Saturday afternoon and said "I am looking for a cheese to go with this sopresatta." Rather than roll their eyes and say "NEXT!", the lady and gentleman behind the counter broke out the cheese knives and handed me half a dozen slices of different cheeses. I ended up buying a pound of Spanish manchego and a pound of trugole, what they describe as an Italian table cheese.Right next to the cheese counter is the meat department. Again, while Penn Mac definitely specializes in cured Italian meats, they also have a very wide selection of meats from around the country as well. "Is the Genoa salame from Genoa priced a little out of your league? Well then try this Wisconsin hard salame." Quotes like that fly back and forth across the deli counter so many time it is hard to keep track. To me, that's what customer service is about. The people there get it. They understand that by being nice to me, and helping me, and letting me try what I am buying before they slice it, they may not make a sale of something that sells for thirty dollars a pound, but they might mak a sale of something that is fifteen dollars a pound. Better to make a small sale than no sale. By treating their customers with such hospitalityand respect, not only am I going to come back, but I am going to send all my friends there too.Don't think that Penn Mac is only good for meat and cheese either. They are a full on Italian grocer. My godmother is a full blooded Italian who spends six months out of the year in her parents' old house in Italy, and she would be impressed with the selection at Penn Mac. They have a pasta and sauce section that has almost every variety and brand of dried pasta fdrom the US and Italy. Right as you come in there is also a fantastic spice selection as well, maybe not as wide a selection as Penzey's but then again that is whay Penzey's specializes in. Penn Mac also stocks a plethora of olive oils and balsamic vinegars. Do yourself a favor, swing by and after you get your cured meats and cheeses, pick up a bottle of really good extra virgin olive oil, a middle of the road balsamic vinegar, and an expensive bottle of balsamic vinegar. I dropped almost a hundred bucks on a bottle of very very good balsamic vinegar (I am not saying which because I want it to still be there when I go back) and let me say, the cheap stuff you gett at Giant Eagle has nothing on this. It is sweet and salty and rich and complex. Sometimes I just drink it. Penn Mac also has a very good bakery. The downside is that if you go there any time past noon, most of the bread is gone. What I have been able to get has been good rustic bread; soft and chewy on the inside and insanely crusty on the outside. Kind of like me come to think of it. If your cholesterol is making you feel guilty about all the meat, cheese and oil, Penn Mac is also home to a very nice little farm fresh vegetable section.To sum it all up, Penn Mac is everrything a good deli should be. Wide variety, friendly staff, and a great location. I can't wait to go back.
5	Although I wish I was 100% Italian, sadly I am not.  I am only 50%.  I blame the other 50% for my shortcomings in the kitchen.  Therefor, the beauty and magic of Penn Mac is 50% lost on me.  BUT I still think it's 100% awesome.  That was my math lesson for the day!You could really spend days in here looking over all the different cheeses, pasta sauces, etc.  The "prepared" food section is the best part for me.  There's probably hundreds of different kinds of ravioli, tortellini and spaghetti noodles.  It seriously amazing!  There's no need to think about it, just grab the one with ingredients you like, on a recent trip this was mushroom stuffed tortellini, then grab a sauce.  You don't have to walk far to wander into the sauce section, which again, houses so many sauces you could swim over to Italy in all of them!  I chose the pesto and garlic sauce to pair with my tortellini.  The service was friendly, especially for a lost looking soul like me.  I didn't know which pasta to pick and they helped me.  I dropped half my purchases on the floor, a staff member helped me scoop them up.  Good enough for me!The dinner I made from Penn Mac = 100% awesome!
5	I was exiting DeLuca's after breakfast when I saw the sign for this place so I had to check it out if only for a few minutes.I love this sort of place.  Tons of great food and ingredients to make great dishes yourself.  There are lots of cheeses, salami, pastas, sauces, olives in the deli section.  I grabbed some sopresetta made by a company in NY which doesn't distribute as far as Chicago where I live.  Truely Italian quality.The mid-section has coffees, canned goods like tomatos and spices.  The final section has produce.  This is a little gem of a place.  If I lived in Pittsburgh, I'd go all the time.
4	A Pittsburgh staple for anyone who likes to gourmet cook..  Tourists MUST visit this place, especially on a Saturday morning.  Spices, pastas, rare ingredients (in bulk, no less) and some of the best cheesemongers anywhere (they can cut it to weight in usually one slice)!  PennMac has a very Pittsburgh vibe and feel.  Check it out!
5	As lover of all things food, Penn Mac has it going on. Their selection is incredible and the prices are fairly inexpensive. You must visit if for no other reason than the cheese counter. Carol has worked for Penn Mac for as long as I can remember. Ordering cheese while being addressed as "Dearheart" is an experience unto itself. If cheese is not your thing, check out the olive bar.  I always stop by to pick up spices, pasta and cheese when I'm in town. I grew up shopping at Penn Mac regularly so perhaps there's even a bit of nostalgia in it for me. Either way, the shop has lots to offer. Best of all, they have online ordering. When I get really homesick I can order some Isaly's chipped chopped ham and pierogies.
5	Can't beat the selection!!!!! There's nothing to dislike about this place besides the lack of samples. Variety, freshness, and quality are all two thumbs up!
4	The cheese counter and "Dear Heart" really are treasures.  They have all manner of fancy aged gruyeres, tons of olives, and even some sort of disgusting concoction called "pepperoni cheese".  In any case, the place is all kinds of old-world beautiful.  Shelf after shelf of yummy goods, Italian imports...yum.
5	We visited this store on after a tour of the Strip District and we loved it! They have hundreds of varieties of cheese and the people behind the counter were very helpful and informative. The history of the district and of this store makes it all the more worthwhile to visit. As an added bonus, the four year old sharp cheddar we got is the best cheese we've ever had.
5	A Pittsburgh version of DeBruno Brothers in Philadelphia, Zabars in NYC.  On entry, you are immediately hit with food smells.  They have everything for your charcuterie and pasta needs.  Cheeses, cured meats, breads, home made pasta.  I wanted everything there.  Don't go hungry (or do ;)  Very reasonable prices.
5	Is absolutely my favorite place in Pittsburgh. The employees of Penn Mac are friendly, knowledgeable, and genuine. Its refreshing to see people enjoy where they work. The best selection of cheeses, deli meats, and spices Pittsburgh. In fact Penn Mac is so solid at these three things I am not sure who is a competitive second. Oh and they have a gigantic selection of pastas (including 15+ varieties of fresh cut pasta), sauces, and oils.
5	Like to support local small business? Interested in experiencing a "Food-Gasm"? In love with Italian food? This is the place for you... Walking in to this store brought an instant feeling of warmth. Had I just found the location where all Italians dream of coming? Was this the American Mecca for Italian immigrants? I saw barrels full of beans, refrigerators full of the freshest meats and cheeses, olives and artichokes that made my mouth water... this place has it all and THEN some. You want truffle oil, salt or butter? They have it... You want rare homemade pasta? They've got it... Oils, vinegar's and fresh produce? Heaven on Earth for any Italian... I've found it, it's in Pittsburgh.
5	A required stop on every visit to the Strip. Best selection of Pasta, cheeses and meats. Try the Antipasto salad at the Olive bar. It's the best!
5	LOVE this place!!  They have everything authentic Italian you could want without being in Italy!  Got some Gouda, sopressata and olives. Always love visiting here when in town!
5	This is about as real and authentic as Italian food shopping gets.  In a very rare instance (rare for me at least), I can truthfully say that this is indeed your Grandfather's Italian market!  Thus, it isn't pretty like you would see at one of those "yuppified" gourmet markets (won't name and names) but I have been coming here since early childhood and it has scarcely changed.  In fact the same boxes of aromatic salt cod remain at the entrance welcoming customers for well over 30 years!  I am always fearful that places like these are in danger of going away mainly due to corporations coming in and driving them out.  However, Pennsylvania Macaroni Co is a true institution and its name (backed up by the absolutely outstanding quality) is what keeps it going strong!  Pittsburgh is an amazing town and seriously for many people, this is a true Pittsburgh landmark!
4	Just one of the best for cheese and olive oil!  Spices, too. Love the cheese counter.  Can get busy but usually a cheese to sample while you wait.  Check it out and check out the other reviews for more info!
5	Nothing tops Penn Mac.  We actually wait until we're able to get down to the Strip District when they are open to purchase cheese, olives, olive oil, or anything for Italian cooking.  This is also the only place we can find our favorite spicy anchovies!  If you want the full experience, with all of the hustle and bustle, go on a Saturday morning.  I recently went on a weekday, not too long before close, and I had the place to myself!  I actually prefer the busy times, believe it or not.  We will be regular customers here for years to come.
5	I love it here :)  I love all the employees and the owners also!  I miss Penn Mac now that I live in Hawaii but I will visit every time I am in Pittsburgh!
5	The best.The cheese counter is heaven on earth.  The workers are awesome - who doesn't want to be called "dear heart" while tasting delicious cheeses?  They're super helpful with my weird requests to find the perfect cheeses for every occasion.  I always walk out with new varieties and grab tons of nuts and sauces and oils on my way to the register.We also had our engagement pictures taken here (does that show my level of obsession?).  We called in advance and the managers were all very kind - they told us to stop by their office and say, "Hello" even.  It was so much fun!  My mom also carted several cheeses down to North Carolina to be served as appetizers for my wedding as well.  Seriously obsessed. I love Penn Mac.
5	I grew up in Pittsburgh and have been to the strip tons of times (usually to eat Primanti's).  I have no idea how I missed Penn Mac until now.  Forget the cheese section at Market District, Penn Mac has a bigger selection at HALF the price!  They have some great specialty cheeses that I can't find anywhere else, along with a ton of other specialty Italian products.  I have spent YEARS trying to figure out how to make pizza dough with mediocre results.  That was time wasted!  You can get the best pizza dough at Penn Mac for $1.50.  Yes.  6 quarters.  That's it.
5	PennMac, you are not good for my waist line, but I cannot stay away.  I believe it could be the aroma that draws you in. Much like the cartoons of my childhood where the aroma has hands, grasps you, entrances you and pulls you willingly into the store. Where to start is always a hard question to answer here. Should I go wait at the cheese counter?  Should I debate what type of nuts I want?  Browse the freshly baked bread?  Mull over the many, many types of tomato pastes/sauces?  Ah, screw it, go crazy, Fun House crazy, and run around looking for your prizes.The bread is delicious, and HUGE.  I made so many things with the loaf I bought and almost ran out of ideas. I cannot even remember what else I bought here because I was enamored by that bread.
5	Take a big whiff as you walk into Penn Mac and you know immediately that you've arrived in Italian Heaven! It's truly a happy place to be. If you have the misfortune to only be able to go on a Saturday, settle in for a long wait at the cheese, the meats and the bread counters. Weekdays clearly are the preferred choice, if you can arrange it.We were fortunate enough to have the cheese man all to ourselves for some serious sampling and decision making the other day. How often does that happen? We should have played the lottery because it was our lucky day! Decided on some nibble blocks of Casera, Vlaskaas, and Prima Donna. Killer with wine time at our house! These are not grocery store cheeses, they are amazing gourmet cheeses with a depth of flavor you have to sample to appreciate.Their Mortadella, sopressata, capicola and even pepperoni are top notch and the breads counter makes me just drool. So fresh and wonderful. And there's fresh pasta of every sort imaginable, even gluten free. Their antipasto trays are always the hit of any party you take them to.Penn Mac is definitely a spot we can all be proud of in Pittsburgh and we're so lucky to have it!
4	An incredible Italian market. This place is as good as some of the markets that I shop at in New York. Be sure to look in every nook and cranny so that you do not miss anything.
5	Penn Mac is one of my absolute favorite shops in the Strip District. They have such a great selection of cheeses, pasta noodles, and sauces. It's not possible for me to leave without at least two pepperoni rolls.
5	This place seems like an Italians dream. This place has the freshest mozzarella cheese I have ever had. It is still in the water bath when you buy it. They also have fresh homemade pasta that is also to die for. They have so many cool things that nobody else carries it is just neat to walk around and check out. They have every kind of olive you could ever think of, and in bulk too. You can buy all different kinds of olive oil from a self serve kettle. You just simply have to stop here if you are in the area.
5	I just love to visit this store. As you enter the store you can feel the Italian vibe. We purchased the best olive I have ever had. I discovered fresh mozzarella yum! I just made the homemade pasta for dinner. The black pepper linguine was so good. I need to go back for more real soon. It is a great place to find wonderful gifts for all occasions.
5	Awesome little store.  Well, actually it's not that little.  Obviously they kill it when it comes to pasta, but they have all kinds of stuff.  It's a full market where you can buy produce, cheese, sauces, etc.  We came here once during our visit and had a blast just looking around.  Didn't even buy anything.  Whether you are a local or a tourist like we were, it's worth checking out.  Iconic grocery store.
5	A must-see in Pittsburgh. As a West Coast dude, I don't get to see many places like this. Just fantastic.Their shipping operation is also exceptional.
5	This is Italian heaven.  It has everything the Italian Pittsburgher could want.  I've since moved away from Pittsburgh but recently was sent some Penn Mac merchandise and it was a dream!  They package everything so well and ship it quickly!  I couldn't have asked for a better and tastier gift.  The store is perfection, but you already know that from other reviewers :)
4	My family has been coming to Penn Mac for as long as I can remember. My parents make monthly trips to stock up on their very large array of cheeses. The prices are fantastic. For example, parmigiano reggiano at Whole Foods is 19.99 per lb; at Penn Mac it is 14.99 per lb. The service is great, the array of products are huge, and as stated before, the prices are great. My favorite products to purchase are:All cheesesDeli meatsCanned tomatoesPasta"00" flourCashewsOlive oil
5	Penn Mac is such a fun Italian Market.  Their cheese station is fantastic with hundreds of different types of cheese to choose from.  The employees are so knowledgeable and helpful!  Another highlight is the olive bar.  Huge buckets of so many different types of olives to choose from.  They come stuffed with different cheeses, garlic, sundried tomatoes, etc.  tons of other grocery items as well.
5	Holy Macaroni ! Another Fantastic Example of a Local Food Retail Center. Anything Related to Great Tasting Food, Can be Found Under this Roof. Take Your Time During Your Visit, as You Will Want to Create Your Menu as You Shop.Easy to Get Around and Well Laid Out.
5	I purchased some deli meats and cheeses on a Saturday stroll through the Strip District and am now instantly a fan!  This place has an incredible selection of deli options all at pretty, darn competitive prices.Not to mention, if you're into Italian cuisine, you're pretty much going to find anything you need or want to cook in this shop.  From pastas to spices to sauces to condiments - you name it, they got it!  Plus, they have a variety of fresh breads, too.  I'll be coming here at least once a month to "stock up" on Italian fare, though with the friendly service and sheer quantities of cheese they offer, it will most likely be more than that.HIGHLY RECOMMEND this spot...great vibe, great people, great ingredients!  This place is a must that I look forward to enjoying for a long, long time...check it out!
4	For Pittsburgh, this is a fabulous food store. We have a friend from D.C. who makes a point of shopping here when she's in town. I ask: Isn't there anyplace in DC (well, Tacoma Park) like this. The answer is "no". I like that he owners have worked hard to create a destination for food; they keep fiddling with their formula. I have been shopping here for at least 30 years and have seen it get better and better over the years. It used to be a rough-ish semi-wholesale place (e.g. minimum cheese cut was 1lb). The area around there had 5-6 produce stores, and a general feel of a terminal district. But there were changes, Nino broke away, produce faded. Over time the area has turned into something more of a destination for an exotic  Saturday excursion. As others have pointed out. Penn Mac has kept up.  On Saturdays I try to shop 8-9am, before the place gets crazy.I go there for cheese (varied, fresh and cheap!) and meats (a decent though limited selection, porchetta and smoked pancetta appeared only in the last couple of years!), as well as staples (pasta, oil, flour, capers, etc). On Saturdays they stock stock fresh Breadworks bread (in artisan / Italian styles) and fresh pasta (from some place in Ohio: yummy). Some useful hints: by the end of Saturday, before closing, the bread goes down to an agreeable 1/2 price. They're open Sundays and seem to be way less busy. They are open during the week, and pleasantly uncrowded.More globally, Penn Mac comes across as a local institution. It's very different from a comparable store in Italy, or even in Canada. Those tend to be tidier and more business-like. Penn Mac tries to be an experience. But it works. (personal wish: a real Italian butcher shop in Pittsbirgh.)
4	This place is gigantic.   A great grocery store to find some quirky authentic Italian items.   They have tons of olive oils, cheeses, and of course, pastas (both dried and fresh).
5	Best cheese selection in Pittsburgh-- with best prices by far! At times, a third of the price of going to the supermarket. Also try the fresh saffron pasta - will change your life!
4	I've never been in the store. I've ordered things online. I live in Northern VA. I'm originally from Wheeling WV so used to go to the Burgh a lot for Steelers Pirates games but never found this place until a few years ago. The food they have is very good.  The shipping costs they charge is the issue. I can order some of the same items from other stores farther away and they only charge you a $5 handling fee. I can get Caputo 00 flour from the Plum Market in Wisconsin for $2.67 per 2.2 lb package plus $5 handling fee no shipping cost. I wish they would discount their shipping. If they did that then I would order from them again.
5	I love to come here when I go to pittsburgh! The cheese counter here is huge! The cheese line can be very crowded though. Also they have pierogi's from pierogi's plus which I like alot. The deli options here are good as well and there's a lot of pasta options.
5	I saw Franco Harris at this place he was a class act great place to by real food from Italy
5	Nothing better then the strip district in Pittsburgh. It's every Italians dream. The PMC is the best has a little bit of everything. Fresh bread great pasta and Olive for days. I love it here and the smell is terrific :)
5	Pittsburgh Bound!  Part VIIII moved to Atlanta in December of last year from Pittsburgh and had yet to be back.  Virtually every Labor Day weekend of my entire life was spent in Pittsburgh with my parents, as my birthday falls within the window.  I promised my folks that I would make a long weekend out of it, and head on home.  The following reviews are a step-by-step account of the long weekend.  Enjoy!(For Part VII, go to: http://www.yelp.com/review_share/hsRjct8UiUHU54B983GmcA/review/5q1GTAV1pUIq_BgCnNNY-A?fsid=oxxZiKVdfoPZvy9nBFr2AQ)Penn Mac, as it's locally known boasts the best Italian grocery store outside of Italy.  Established in the 1940's, Penn Mac is famous for their cheese selection with hundreds of choices.  I always leave with a small tub of their fresh mozzarella which is made daily and goes perfect with a little basil and cherry tomatoes.  The employees working the cheese counter have all been there for years and are very knowledgeable.  If you're lucky, you'll hear Carol affectionately refer to each customer as "Dearheart" as she offers up suggestions and samples to ensure that the customer gets exactly what they're looking for.The balsamic and olive oil selections are just as impressive as are the fresh pastas, local breads, olives, and Italian cured meats.  I can't remember a time I've gone to Penn Mac without buying something that I had no intention of going home with.  On this trip, I picked up a few pastas that I can't find at home as well as an aged balsamic that I hope makes its way back to Atlanta without exploding in my luggage. If you need any off-the-wall Italian ingredient that you can't find anywhere, I guarantee that Penn Mac not only regularly carries it, but probably has 12 different varieties to choose from.(For Part IX, go to: http://www.yelp.com/review_share/EnJS6OeeknzOjVUX6RYwlQ/review/8hA8rRHss2PRlroWujzT_Q?fsid=D3ZAe8-bG1Zz-raxtTTr8Q)
5	This along with the Strip District in general, might be one of my favorite places ever! PMC has been around forever and there's a good reason why...they have an incredible collection of imported meats and cheese and other Italian specialty items. Going here is an experience, but you have to be in the mood to wait in one because it's always busy! This is my favorite place to go when I come home to Pittsburgh for visits!
4	I love this place!  They have everything and bc I currently am working in the Strip Dist I love being able to walk in there and pick up stuff for dinner on my way home.I would never, ever come here on the weekend bc I love myself far too much for that.This place is always packed.  I like the cheese area but I never know what to get and so I've never bought cheese here.  But they have fresh pasta you can buy in the front of the house, and they've got great specialty items.
5	Pennsylvania Macaroni Co. (or Penn Mac to the locals), is a favorite shop of mine in the Strip. With delicious but affordable food, it's a great stop for necessities or simply browsing. Penn Mac has a full array of groceries, and it's easy to get legit shopping done here. The bulk foods (dried fruits, nuts) are a steal by the pound, and I get help but grab one each time I visit. Beyond the bulk section is the amazing meat and cheese counter. This is straight up a cheese lover's dream. The variety is wonderful, but the staff makes the experience even better. There are a lot of characters behind that counter, and they are so helpful. Penn Mac has an insane variety of pastas available (natch, for an Italian grocery), and the best imported treats. Browsing through the aisles takes me back to the vacation I took to Italy, where I consumed entire pizzas by myself.    In the back, Penn Mac has a lovely selection of fresh Bread Works bread and other local vendors. The produce section is adequate, which does the trick--because who is going to Penn Mac to buy lettuce? Shame on you, eat some prosciutto instead. When I get to check out, I'm always stunned by how much I didn't spend! Since it's wholesale, you get quite a bang for your buck, so don't hesitate to grab a few extra treats.
1	Have been going to the Pennsylvania Macaroni Company for years. Love their fresh pasta and great selection of cheeses. Always great service, however today was the exception. Rudest woman at the cheese counter. Then went to get the fresh pasta and the woman behind the counter was downright nasty. She was covering the pasta at 4:00, they close at 4:30 and I asked her if it was to late to get pasta. She rolled her eyes at me and said uh yeah-we are putting it away right now. A simple yes or no would have been nice. I said ok thanks anyway. Then she must have reconsidered and said well did you want something??? In a very rude voice. Needless to say I walked away. Wow! Pennsylvania Macaroni Company needs to work on customer service. Obviously she hates her job, then get another one! If I didn't drive so far to get there I wouldn't have written this review. Every January I buy 3 months worth of cheese for my family members. I won't be doing that anymore.
