4	Excellent Belgium waffles. They just opened, and my wife an I both enjoyed our breakfast very much. Not fancy -- just good food. We'll be back.
1	Wow.  I'm not sure if Alicia A is an owner or just crazy but my experience is much more in line with Larry's.  Really slow service and subpar food at OUTRAGEOUS prices.We showed up on a Saturday morning and were quoted a 20min wait for our party of 3.  That wait only took about 10 mins since a party of 8 ahead of us disappeared.  We were seated in a lonely table in a giant empty orange room that would soon become the waiting room.  After five minutes or so, someone showed up to take our orders.  We put in our orders and waited again.  She eventually brought out our drinks.  Everything here is served in glasses that you would expect to see fresh-squeezed orange juice served in - 6-oz glasses.  Inevitably, these glasses would sit empty for most of our experience.And what an experience it was! We sat there for 25 minutes waiting for our $8 waffles.  Yes, I said $8 for a waffle.  Mine was chocolate chip.  Giradelli's you ask? No...regular cheap semi-sweets.  How many waffles you ask? Just one.  Was it tire sized? Nope...about 8" diameter.  Sounds overpriced?  You bet'cha.So our food finally came.  The waffle was alone.  No toppings, no sides of bacon or hashedbrowns.  Nothing.  Just an $8 waffle sitting on a plate insulting me and my debit card.  It then proceeded to insult my calcium intake by challenging my teeth to Mortal Kombat.  This was the crispiest waffle I had ever seen and that was not a good thing.  No malted creaminess to enjoy.  No love whatsoever. Ages went by before we saw a server again.  We were surrounded by waiting patrons who I just wanted to tell - Go Across The Street To The Good Egg!  It was an uncomfortable situation that was only made worse by the pool of yellow liquid under our table and the realization that it never went away even after we told someone to clean it up. Eww.
1	This was maybe one of the biggest food disappointments I have ever had.  My family lives out in the EV and my mom handed me a magazine that pointed out great places to eat in the EV.  Granted, most of them were chains, but we figured why not give the place that got a cover a shot?  First let me tell you that the cover picture was two beautiful Belgian Waffles stacked on top of each other and loaded with fresh strawberries and yummy whipped cream.I was enticed by this and chose to order a waffle instead of their namesake.  I got the pecan waffle.  Despite being described as malted and loaded with pecans, I got a box mix tasting waffle with a sprinkling of pecans.  I paid 8 dollars for this?  Wow.  The syrup was imitation syrup and the waffles were irritatingly served on itty bitty plates that made a mess.  I would also like to point out that a friend did get the strawberry waffle and it looked nothing like the cover.  She got maybe one strawberry and a blob of Cool Whip.  Sad.On top of the terrible food and ridiculous prices, the service was awful!  The restaurant was beginning to clear out by the time we got in, so no excuses.  Our drinks took forever to get to us, and that sat empty for the rest of the meal, our food took forever, and it took us forever to get out of there!  This is an all around issue, not just the waitstaff.  To make matters even better, the atmosphere is laughable.  It looks like they painted the walls, slapped some mismatched Kirkland's crap on the walls and called it a restaurant.This place is a sham.  I will never be back and I have already told my friends and family to steer clear and save their money.
4	OK I almost didn't go because of the mixed reviews. But I am Really glad I did. We were seated right away and within a few minutes had our drinks (nice strong coffee) and then our order taken. The food was hot, fresh and Delicious! I will say it is alittle more than I usually pay but I will be bring my parents here when they come for the winter. Try it for yourself. I thought it was great!
5	I am amazed that this place got such bad reviews. This was the best pancakes I have ever had! The service was great as well. The owner came out and chatted with us as well. Gina is so sweet and nice. I'm telling everyone that lives in the East Valley to go there. There are not many places that you can get fast & good service with phenomenal food! I had the oven-baked banana nut pancakes. They were fantastic. The other person I was with got pancakes, eggs, and bacon. I stole a piece of bacon from his plate and it was delicious. Its difficult to find a place that cooked bacon just right. Not too crispy but not flimsy. I'm not an owner nor related to the owner. I am just an East Valley resident who was pleasantly surprised that this restaurant is in my neighborhood. The restaurant is not much to look at from the outside or the street but the food is what makes this restaurant worth while.
5	I love JP Pancakes the service was really nice and I had BlueBerry pancakes and it was fantastic and my meal was free becasue it was my birthday.
1	Too bad there is no option for zero stars, because this place earned it!  The restaurant was not overcrowded, but it took one hour to be served!  Someone at the next table over dropped a bottle of ketchup, so there was broken glass and splattered ketchup on the floor when I arrived, and it was still there 90 minutes later.  A young man finally came by and wiped up about HALF of the mess!  20 minutes later he tried to get the rest, but there was still broken glass on the floor!  My coffee was cold.  My pancakes were somewhat raw.  My companion ate 1 of 4 pieces of french toast.  The final insult was when they ran my credit card for $0.05 more than the total of the bill!  Enough said.
4	JP isn't my #1 breakfast stop but I felt I needed to put in my two cents after seeing some pretty harsh reviews. I think it's a decent pancake place. I've been there twice and received good service both times. One time they stayed open a little later so me and a pal could eat. The menu states that their special 'baked pancakes' take 20 minutes to prepare, so if you ordered one of those, be prepared to wait :) I've ordered the griddle pancakes with bananas and nuts. I thought they were filling and yummy! The next time I go I want to check out the baked pancakes. Don't be afraid to check it out for yourself - I think it easily beats the pancakes you'll get at the breakfast chains (ihop, dennys, etc).
3	We received a coupon for this place and thought we'd give it a try this morning.  I think we caught them short handed as they had a single waitress that was obviously frazzled and doing her best to keep up with the rush.  It took quite a while to get our drinks (and the food).  Despite the fact that the service was slow, the food was very good.  I had the California omelette and my girls had the Chocolate Chip Pancakes and Strawberry Waffles.  Being the dad, I got to help them finish their food and it was tasty as well.  I'll go back again and give them another shot, but Beth needs to continue to improve her waitress skills if they want me as a regular.
3	Didn't try the famous baked pancake, but the people at the next table had one... looked like an apple pie more than a pancake but smelled really good. The baked omelette was decent but a little dry and the eggs Benedict were good but not great. Friendly service and decent prices. Overall a good breakfast but not worth driving too far for.
3	I would give a 2.5 if possible, but it's not. Took the family here for breakfast and walked in on a Sunday morning at 09:30 to a mostly empty place. We sat ourselves per the sign and the waitress greeted us from a distance and welcomed us in. Unfortunately we waited over 5 mins after that for someone to come over and offer drinks. The coffee was decent but lukewarm. My cup was empty numerous times throughout the entire breakfast. As for the food, it was also decent. They do not sell kids meals (weird) so you have to have a full order of pancakes for your 3 year old unless you want the same thing and share. My omelet was cooked perfect but was missing flavor and seasoning. We also had a baked banana nut pancake and it was good but not anything special. Overall the issue with this place is that they have to pull it all together. The staff was very friendly and kind. The food was good but needs some work. The environment is very sterile and they could make the place a little more welcoming. For the prices I feel it is below what you should get as an overall breakfast experience.
2	We waited 30 minutes from seating to eating and we did not order the baked pancakes that take 20 minutes to cook.  The eggs were a grey/green color inside and overcooked.  The pancakes were good, but not enough to make up for the rest of the experience.  We won't be back.
2	I think it's obvious by other reviews that you'll either love this place or you'll hate it. And by the sounds of it, their service and food are inconsistent. So, if you're looking for a guaranteed "good eat" this IS NOT the place. We are a family of four and were looking for a good place to eat brunch one Saturday morning before taking our kids around town. My sister-in-law said she enjoyed JP Pancake, so we thought we would  give it a try. My son (4) and my daughter (1) were very hungry, and thinking this was a breakfast/lunch joint, the service would be quick. At 10:30am they seated us and our order was promptly taken. The waitress was very friendly and brought us our drinks right away. Time passed and my children grew even hungrier, but my husband and I did our best to pacify and entertain them.  I came to the realization that my daughter was not going to make it until the food came out, so I began to prepare a bottle for her. Not only did they NOT have filtered water but I had to walk out of the restaurant, across the parking lot, to another "fast food joint" to buy a $2.00 bottle of water to prepare her bottle. By the time I got back to the restaurant our food STILL was not out. At 11:30am our food finally makes an appearance. Everything was thoroughly cooked (thank goodness!), however, the quality wasn't any better than IHOP, Village Inn, or Denny's. If I'm going to wait that long for my meal it better be "Farmhouse" quality. The biscuits and gravy were tasteless, the bacon and eggs were saturated in oil and grease.... Pretty much the only thing worth eating was the pancakes/French toast.  To their credit they did offer us a 20% discount for the long wait, which took a whole $5.00 off our bill. When we finally left at 12:00pm, an hour and a half later, I was exhausted! Needless to say we just went home after that ordeal. Thank you JP Pancake for ruining what we hoped to be a fun day out with our kids.
3	Decent for the price. Used a "Living Social" discount so I pair $10.67 for the two of us for breakfast.  Kind of " mom & pop" like. I had French toast and it was very ordinary. Daughter ate belgian waffles with fresh strawberries, no big deal. Portions were average.
3	If you love pancakes then this place rules.  I had their house specialty baked apple pancake. Super good. My boyfriend had the regular pancakes with scrambled eggs and bacon. The pancakes were homestyle and very good and bacon was crisp and thick. Eggs had no flavor at all and had a weird texture.  Over all the service and food were good.
2	My husband and I each ordered an omelet with different fillings, his with side pancake and mine with hashbrowns and toast.  We also ordered an oven baked pancake to share since you can't go to a new restaurant and not try the signature item.  The omelets were small and flavorless.  The traditional pancake was nothing special (IHOP's are better). The hash browns were tasty.  The oven baked pancake was the best item by far, but still not outstanding.  The menu is very limited, which is not a problem, but if you have a small menu all your items should be excellent.  The restaurant is small, but doesn't feel cozy and warm.  It was eerily quiet and I could hear the wait staff complaining in the kitchen.  Unfortunately my first trip to JP pancake will be my last.
1	I went here with my husband on a friday. Less than half capacity and seated ourselves. After seating we waited about 10 minutes to place our order. Our drinks were served after another 5 minutes and we waited and waited for our pancakes... more than 25 minutes. Once the food arrived we were so excited to dig into our meals. I noticed the nice scoop of softly melting butter onto of my  banana waffle and it actually looked so fluffy and light I tasted a small bit to be sure it wasn't whip cream. My mouth was greeted by a small, but overwhelmingly crucial detail....they used salted butter. Not just lightly salted butter....this was REALLY salty butter. I quickly try to scrape as much butter off the pancake, but alas, it had mostly already soaked into the waffle. Even after pouring more than a comfortable amount of maple syrup onto the waffle it was so salty. I tried to move on to the bacon instead and then I really got upset. THEY SALTED THE BACON TOO!!!!  Who does that?!?! It was inedible, but even a little bit made my mouth dry. I asked my husband about his meal and he had the same problem. Salty pancakes.  So, terrible food and lackluster service make this a no-go in my book. Sorry, wanted to like it. Just didn't happen.
2	The banana-nut oven baked pancake was like nothing I have ever tried before....awesome.  The problem is, you only get one and they aren't filling enough to be the one and only thing a person eats for breakfast.  Just one skinny pancake a little smaller than a dinner plate? for $8.00? That's it? So I ordered a side of eggs  ($2.00).  Next time I'll go somewhere else.My boyfriend hated his Waffles.  He said:  "an Eggo is about the same size and would have tasted better".  He also had to pay extra for 2 eggs and 2 strips of bacon (more like 1 strip broken in half).  We spent over $38.00 (including a tip for the nice waitress) for our breakfast. FOR BREAKFAST.  My pancake might have been impressive and different, but it ain't worth that...It's worth 2 stars instead of the 0 stars this place would get otherwise.
5	Had a wonderful apple pancake this A.M.  Not only was it tasty, fresh and hot and served by Tracey with a smile, my coffee cup was never on empty, always was full and brewed just right.  You can't beat that and sure got my day off to a good start!  My husband had pancakes and eggs and was equally pleased.  Thanks J.P. Pancake for making our first visit enjoyable.  We will be back!Mary M.
3	My wife and I showed up at 8am on a Saturday and only one other table was occupied. Other patrons started trickling in while we were there. The place is very casual, not much if any ambiance. The staff was very friendly. We both had oven baked pancakes, my wife the banana and I the German. Mine was very light, fluffy , and tasty. The banana was very sweet. The menu said oven baked pancakes would take at least 20 minutes. Ours arrived much sooner. Given the overall experience (food, price, setting), I give it 3 stars.
1	Menu says "Oven baked pancakes are our specialty," so I tried one.  The orange-cranberry version.  It was absolutely inedible.  Nothing but a disc of barely-cooked batter literally floating in a pool of grease.  I was expecting a fluffy poof of German-influenced goodness, but what was served was a stunning disappointment.  To their credit, that item was removed from my check.I should have known better than to even sit down:  when I walked in before 10am, the place was deserted.  A good breakfast place would have been bustling.I will not be back.
2	Over priced and over attentive.  with only 2 other customers in the place on a saturday morning, the servers alternated asking if we were ready every 30 seconds.  Side order...1 piece of bacon for $1.50???  Are you serious?  Place is trying too hard to be a Portland like niche place.  No decor, over-priced and food was simply ok.  hey, if you are going to specialize in pancakes...how about a granola style???  no?  very popular at regular breakfast places...Guessing from the lack of customers I think they will be out of business before I find ANY urge to go back.  Fortunatley I had a coupon and did not have to pay FULL fare.  $24.50 was the full check for a burrito and an egg sandwich, coffee, juice and milk.  This isn't scottsdale...pass!
2	After just moving here, I've been searching for "my breakfast place", one that is locally owned and has personality.  I so wanted JP's to be that place, but only found ultra-average eats instead.  I had an omelet, whole wheat toast and home fried potatoes.  The potatoes were terrific!  The omelette was supposed to be oven baked, which makes them rise and usually makes them super tasty with a little crunch to the edges.  No such thing here; I simply can't believe mine saw anything but the omelette pan.  It didn't even look like it contained the advertised 3 eggs.  Maybe 3 quail eggs!!  Very, very average.  Toast was toast, and it was even delivered late.  I had hoped for better!
3	Good location decent food a little expensive for what you get but waffles and pancakes were pretty good the place was not crowded which was nice. The seats very uncomfortable the bendable type metal you find at two star hotel convention. Don't take the kids the menu for kid's irrelevant not a lot of choices concrete floor was odd and overall decor needs upgrading. I feel for the guy its hard and expensive I know and I will try again and support local owned and operated.
4	I had breakfast here today around noon.  Ordered the German Pancake with Lemon and Powdered Sugar, and the French Toast Combo with both Bacon and Sausage, and Scrambled Eggs.  Everything was DELICIOUS, except for the French Toast, which was just average. The German Pancake was AMAZING, and I'll be going back for more.  Service was attentive, and the food only took about 20 minutes to arrive;  they tell you on the menu that the specialty pancakes take that long to prepare.  Worth the wait, I wish they had later hours.
4	My husband and I met my dad at JP this morning and found the place empty at 8. But the pancakes were excellent! The guys ordered the "4x2" and were warned that that was lots of pancakes (4 huge ones). They were hungry, though, and enjoyed every bite. My dad is gluten-intolerant so was very happy to have delicious, fluffy pancakes that he could eat, and didn't have to make himself. I'm sad that more people don't go there. It's tucked way back in the shopping center and might not get enough marketing. I'll definitely go back!
4	Very laid back enviornment. I have been here a couple times now and it's always good! I go for the Gluten Free pancakes. My brothers are fans of the oven baked pancakes. Everyone that works there is friendly, give this place a try!
4	Neat little breakfast place. The pancakes were, in fact, just perfect!
1	You would think a place called "JP (just perfect) Pancake" would have exceptional pancakes. Youd be wrong. Average. Like Denny's average. Seat yourself. Ok. We do. It took forever for the waiter to see us and forever again to get his attention when we were ready to order. I ordered The "pigs in a blanket" w/ a side of homefries. Again, average pancakes wrapped around alright sausage. And they forgot my potatoes. We finally asked for them and the waitress/owner looked at us sideways and then said "Oh yeah! Sorry." I wish I hadnt asked for them. They put some kind of grainy seasoning on them...after theyre cooked. So all I tasted was dry salt/seasoning on burnt potatoes.Couldnt get our check fast enough.
3	Home of the world famous oven baked pancake! Basically a half baked stack of pancakes with gooey doughey insides. Imagine funnel cake, but doughy-er. We got the banana nut pancake with chocolate chips on top. Be prepared for a sugar overload!A small, no frills breakfast joint serving up your standard fare of breakfast items. I liked that they put little board games at each table, to entertain you while you wait. Super casual, friendly staff.
5	Fabulous food and service!!! I love the banana waffle, chorizo omelette, biscuits and gray (only served on the weekend), and my favorite pancakes are the orange cranberry! yummy!!
2	I took almost an hour to get our food. Our server barely talked to us. The food was good but not worth the wait. The women's restroom was unusable. I was disappointed over all.
4	I don't know how JP makes their pancakes - I think there must be space aliens in the kitchen or something like that. They are slightly crispy on the outside and warm and delicious on the inside. The service is really good as is the coffee.
4	As a Celiac disease guy it is hard to find good gluten free breakfast food. JP Pancake is aware of the gluten thing and has awesome gluten free offerings. Their Belgian waffles are crispy on the outside and moist on the inside. Pancakes are delicious. Neither have that heavy 'gluten free' density that others I have tried at other places had.
3	I have been to JP 3 times now.  Sadly I have learned to never go on a Saturday AM or you have to wait forever to be seated and to be served.  Go during the week and you will be fine.  I always go with a coupon or buy one get one free deal as they are a bit pricey.  The food is delicious!!!  The place is not very fance, very simple but the people always seem nice.
3	food is tasty. server was creepy. i'm pretty sure he was making fun of the way i spoke. RUDE. =/i won't be back,
3	The food is good! Service and atmosphere is not great. No music or anything, kind of an awkward quiet restaurant. The server was off, made a few sharp comments that we didn't understand if he was being rude or sarcastic. If you want a quick breakfast stop in, if you want an experience try another place.
3	Very casual and family friendly. Little toys on the table for while you wait. The seating area is not the cleanest, but it is a no frills breakfast joint. Our wait staff was friendly.Came for the baked pancakes. There are other places in valley to get a baked pancake, but we came here because it was closer to us. If you've had a baked pancake before, don't expect the same thing here. On the plus side, they offer many flavors of their baked pancake (their website is not kept up-to-date; some flavors may not be available). However, the pancakes are not as doughy, do not have as much caramelization, not as much apple, and are not as filling as a more traditional baked apple pancake.I will have to come back to try some different flavors, but in order to compare apples-to-apples (pun somewhat intended), I got the apple baked pancake my first visit. The side of sausage links was nothing spectacular; you are getting some greasy protein at best.
5	I would like to endorse JP Pancake. I ate breakfast food for lunch. I am not whistling Dixie when I say, those were the best pancakes I've ever had at any restaurant. Check it out.Friendly staff.  Clean and tidy.
5	Great Food better service. My coffee is never empty and the biscuits and gravy and oven baked pancakes make it our choice for breakfast.
5	1st time visit, Service & "Nutty" pancakes were awesome!!!! Very impressed!
5	Awesome Gluten Free Waffles :)
5	Great neighborhood place.  Try the orange/cranberry oven pancakes & Belgian Waffles- both very good!  Have great coffee & the servers make sure your cup is never empty.  Very friendly staff, the owner even comes out to talk to the diners! Makes you feel at home.
4	I've driven by a million times, always disappointed when it's closed in the afternoon. . Finally had the chance to try it Sunday morning. I was pleased, the 20 minute wait for a baked pancake seemed excessive but it's the specialty, why not try it. It was delicious and did not take the alleged 20 minutes to arrive (however even after asking I think we got the apple not the pumpkin pancake, which I ordered, it was fabulous regardless just oddly different). The biscuits and gravy weren't my cup of tea (which they do run out of apparently) the gravy was way to think and too many tiny chunks of sausage, my preference is a thick white gravy with substantial sausage chucks, to each his own apparently, tasty just not my preference. . Lastly be warned to read the menu carefully, my husband ordered the sausage breakfast which would include sausage, toast and hash browns in addition to you would expect eggs, but you will have to order them on the side if that's what you expect..Just a helpful hint! I'm gonna have to go back to try the rest of the menu to make a definitive decision, for now I'm on the fence but obviously on the side that's wanting to return so it couldn't have been that bad. . A little pricey for what I feel we received but I will be raving about those damn pancakes for weeks, great now I'm hungry! !
5	I try and eat here as often as I can. The food is fantastic and the wait staff is excellent. They are a small business that I am proud to support.
5	Fantastic food and great service!
4	Pancakes :).... enoough said
4	Love this place.  They have games to play at the tables, great idea!
5	Just ate breakfast at JP Pancake for the first time. I went with my 5 year old son an he had a great time with the little games on the tables and ate everything in his plate! He had the scrambled eggs, sourdough toast, and home fries with a size of bacon. I had the house buttermilk pancakes and they were FANTASTIC! The owners were very nice as well. I will be returning with my husband and other children... Highly recommended!
2	I heard people rave about JP Pancake for a while now so one morning we decided to check it out. The place is cute and homey feeling. Our server was nice but the poor thing was spread very thin and had a hard time keeping up with her tables. We all ordered different things from the menu and we all agreed that the food was average.  Although, it was not the best experience, it was also not the worse. I have them on my list to try again.... Maybe next time I will try one of their famous baked pancakes!
5	We frequently enjoy breakfast out together  at many different places in the area. JP pancake is definitely one of our top pics.The baked pancakes are absolutely phenomenal, but they are very rich.What we do is order a baked omelette with home-fries and toast and a baked pancake and share the whole meal.The service is usually great, but when things get busy it can get a little thin, but it is completely understandable. Typical of a small town diner and in the end, they always take great care of you.Overall, a 5 star place to have a great breakfast.
5	Best breakfast joint in the east valley. Staff is friendly and the biscuits and gravy is amazing.Get here early or you'll miss out!
4	Great breakfast! Had the blueberry pancakes and hubby had the baked blueberry pancake--both were amazing!! One nitpick-- bathrooms could have been a bit cleaner.
5	The house specialty is amazing nice and chewy on the inside and crispy on the outside. It is a great and friendly place. Service is great. I recommend to anyone to stop by and try the house specialty pancakes.
5	Went there Easter Sunday, today, had the baked apple pancake and my wife had the orange cranberry baked pancake. Both were great. We have a new favorite breakfast place.
2	This place was really hard to access by wheelchair. I noticed the inside was not the most appealing. The art work on the walls where nice and painted by the cook we had . The reason I found out it was his paintings is when I was pushing my grandpa out to the car he gave my girlfriend a card and told her he liked the way she handled herself and had a job for her. Come to find out he is an artist and wanted my girlfriend to call him which was not cool of him and can only imagine what kind of work he had for her. The baked pancakes where good but got really doughy. All the other food was average. I don't think I will be coming back here again after my girlfriend was uncomfortable with her experience.
4	Tried it out. The doors were opened for fresh outdoor air. I thought that would automatically mean there would be insects in the restaurant but we never saw any.
4	I really like this breakfast spot and frequent it as often as I can considering I don't live on that side of town.The pancake batter and homemade wheat bread are a recipe from who I assume is the owner. Our waiter pointed her out to us but she was walking around cleaning up tables, etc. Whoever she is, her recipes are delicious.For the cheaper/lighter side, I recommend the Sunshine Combo. Either side you choose will do. The sausages are HUGE here. I saw them served to someone else. I'm normally a bacon girl but may change that next time I go to JP Pancake. Yum. Today I had the build-your-own omelette with mushrooms, spinach, avocado and chorizo. I was thinking I was taking a chance with the chorizo but it was so flavorful and the perfect amount of food. Their home fries are also to die for so whatever side you choose is great.The only thing lacking today was the service, and that's why it got four stars. We had to wait 10-15 minutes to be seated when they said it would only take 5. The waiter took forever to come greet us. I understand he's the only waiter serving a restaurant full of people but he never asked us how everything was. They were also out of strawberry jam for the person I got breakfast with. It was okay for me because I like grape jelly. It took forever for our food to come out, but the check was quickly placed on our table only minutes after we got our food. I hate when they rush you like that.
4	If pancakes are your name they better be good. These are great. All kinds of options and great quality. Recommend ordering the real maple syrup to get the full experience. The only reason I can't give them 5 stars is because of the silverware. It's a pet peeve but eating great food of sharp edged tin forks just takes away from the efforts of the chef to provide a great experience.
3	I finally decided to try this place after many times of just passing by and dismissing it. I was not disappointed and as I walked in the staff was very friendly. I ordered the pigs in a blanket and it was very good. I liked the pancakes a lot better than any other breakfast place.  I look forward to trying it again.
4	I finally made it back for visit number two and the food was as great as the first time. I am definitely going to become a regular here. It was a lot more crowded than my first visit but we did manage to get the last available table. The service did seem a little slow and they can definitely use another person waiting on tables when it is full. The waitress is always friendly even though you can tell on a day like this that she is doing a lot of running around. The waiter is a little strange. He is nice but doesn't always seem comfortable for some reason. I don't know what it is but he is always just so "blah". It would help if he had a more outgoing personality rather than just a low, monotone voice asking if you are ready to order. He should smile more but at this point the food is too good for me to really care as long as I get what I ordered and they don't mess it up. I guess the first time I visited I was not too observant but when I looked around this time I noticed the wall art. A bit bizarre for a restaurant. It looked like some sort of alien tribute and one painting looked like it might be some sort of alien abduction theme going on. If you have not tried JP Pancake you need to get out there and give it a try.
1	My pancakes had pockets of flour in them. Not scratch, just a mix. One star for service. That's it. Won't be back.  Yeplers, 3.5 stars? Really?  You guys burnt me on this one.
5	Love! Amazing food and service. Will definitely be coming back.
2	I was so disappointed in this place. Really sad about my experience here. I find that in Gilbert its pretty hard to find a locally owned place. Lots of chains around here. So I was pretty excited to see how JP was. There wasnt a sole in sight was we came in around 10am and the waiter looked like he didnt know where he was, very quiet. We sat and took a look at the menu, mostly typical breakfast stuff. Pancakes and eggs. I ordered the Banana Chocolate Chip Pancakes and my breakfast partner ordered the French Toast Combo. Food was fast about 10 min. Pancakes were average at best. Def tasted like a mix instead of homemade. However, my buddies food was terrible. He insisted that the french toast was frozen and bacon and eggs were not even edible! Thats pretty bad if he couldnt get through the bacon. We sadly will not be returning. I hate to write a not so good review about a local spot. Get it together JP. Prices were a little high as well.
5	It is our fourth time enjoying some of baked pancake goodness here at JP Pancake.This place is not for carb-conscious, or healthnuts. However, if you are just like us who enjoys healthy living five days a week, and the remaining two days we eat like normal american diet which includes treats like this (or kronuts)! ^_^Price is average. Portion for the most part will fill a couple of diners in their "free what you fancy eating" day. Location is fairly easy to spot.Service is warm and friendly.We'll definitely pop by here again! *nom nom nom*
5	We've tried the blueberry, peach and orange cranberry oven baked pancakes!  The orange cranberry is hands down the best and I don't even like orange!The biscuits and gravy are wonderfully different than what I was expecting and worth getting again, and again!
4	Gluten free pancakes! Can't wait!I was waiting to write this review because i was really hoping to get in here a second time before leaving Arizona. Unfortunately this didn't happen so I'll go based on my only visit. The atmosphere is a bit off, no one greeted us at the front and the entry looked as if it was maybe being remodeled, it was difficult to tell for sure. We kind of wandered in and sat down and someone came over to serve us. I had gluten free chocolate chip and banana pancakes with bacon and orange juice and I remember it being most excellent. The person I was with had some type of omelet and bacon I think and he thought it was good, but not amazing. I think for gluten free, the breakfast options are unbeatable, especially in the Mesa area. Price was really affordable and service was pretty average. As I mentioned, if I still lived in the area I would definitely consider visiting here again!
5	If you are looking for a unique local spot for breakfast with amazing food...this is it! Small dining room, but they were able to accommodate our group of 13 with a call ahead. This place is ideal for a tables of 5 or less. I tried the traditional German baked pancake that they are famous for with apples and cinnamon. Wow! It was airy, light, delicate and delicious! Even my husband who doesn't order pancakes thought it was fantastic. A few people in our group went for their famous biscuits and gravy and they were NOT disappointed! Made from scratch and gravy chocked full of sausage, it was loved all around.The chef came out to say hi and the servers were very casual and friendly.We will definitely be back.
5	We've been going to JP for a couple of years now. All of their food is fresh. The owner and cook shop locally for all of their fruit and veg and support the local growers as much as they can. Nothing comes from a mix here. The biscuits and gravy are awesome. The gravy has a nice sage/pepper flavor to it, slightly different from other gravies, but well worth the change.The oven baked pancakes are awesome. They often try our new flavors, so be certain to check the menu board.  Because of the typical sweetness of the ovenbake, I would recommend getting a side of ham or bacon for some added protein to balance it out.The staff is friendly and if you catch them on a slower day, they will happily chat with you about local goings on.Love them
5	This place has awesome funny service if you become a regular here they will def remember you. Very attentive. great food. Very fast. Very small but very cozy to me. French toast is amazing. I am very picky about french toast too.
4	Finally got to try this place and the food and service was very good, we will be back!  Had the cranberry/orange baked pancake it was worth the wait, it was VERY good!  The food tastes like good ole home cooking and their homemade wheat bread was so good!
5	Look- This is the best pancake place in the Phoenix area, without question, no room for debate. Actually, it's possible that JP has one of the best short stacks in the US.I don't know what it is about Yelp ratings in Phoenix, but the majority of them are: * poorly formed: as in, "...got coffee at Ted's Hotdogs, it was bad, 1 star."  * inapplicable: "they were closed at Midnight, 1 star." * or just insane: "Great FOOD! But they didn't take my expired 25 cent coupon, 1 star."Because of this, I've noticed a trend in Phoenix restaurants that are rated as an average 3 stars, that are actually phenomenal. JP Pancake, is without question, a phenomenal place to get pancakes, and their current averaged rating of 3.5 on Yelp is baffling and frankly unjust. I mean, I've been all over the US getting breakfast. It's a serious subject to me, and to put it frankly, it's my favorite M*****F***ing meal. I've been lucky enough to sample the majority of the west and east coast's famed pancake houses including: The Original Pancake House in Portland, OR, Ina's in Chicago, IL, Richard Walker's Pancake House in San Diego, CA, Pamela's in Pittsburgh, PA, and even good ol' (kinda overrated) Matt's Big Breakfast in Phoenix. Out of all of these places, you want to know where my favorite short stack is from? It's from JP Pancake in Gilbert. When it comes to pancakes, there's such a variety out there that it always comes down to preference. For me, my favorite is just a butter and syrup short stack that's slightly just ever-so crisp on the outside, but fluffy, buttery, and melt-in-your-mouth in the middle. None of the places I've been to in the USA does this as well as JP does. I've been here several times already and have been lucky to sample most of their menu, and I wouldn't be writing this review if I didn't think it held up to the competition. In addition to their standard pancake, they have a wonderful selection of baked pancakes as well. While their baked pancakes might not be as thick as the ones from Ina's or OPH's, they are just as flavor-gasmic. And you know what? I even prefer their thinner texture over Ina's! I think the thinner but still absolutely delicious texture allows you to appreciate the toppings more than when you otherwise just get a mouthful of fat pancake. Honestly, JP is the only place in Phoenix I found that has a baked pancake, and while it's German styled thin texture is different than the east coast variety, I think it is a needed improvement of pancake to topping ratio which makes each bite more enjoyable, and appropriately portioned. If you're looking for a Chicago style pancake the size of a pie, then this isn't it, but who gives a flying Foucault over size when the difference in texture actually IMPROVES the flavor! (At least in my opinion!)Like I said, I'm serious about breakfast.In short, their baked pancakes are superb, their plain pancakes are the best I've had in the US, and they refill your coffee as if it was necessary to sustain your life, which arguably, it is. In addition, their toppings are fresh, flavorful, and diverse, so if you like your perfect short stack with blueberries in it, you're set. There's simply nothing better than this place for pancakes in AZ, and if you think differently, you possibly just have bad taste.P.S. They also bake their bacon and it 's just f***ing wonderful.
4	This place was such a wonderful find! We had family in town and wanted to find something we could all enjoy that wasn't too hoitey toiety, but wasn't bland and turned out like Denny's. I'm not gonna lie, when I first showed up, I contemplated arguing to find somewhere nicer. They have a very plain store front, with lunch specials scribbled in marker taped to the window. But we sat down because some of the best places are hole in the walls. Service was so so. It was pretty busy, so I'm hesitant to take a star off for that, but it was a Sunday morning at 10! Anyhow, outside of the service and appearance, the food was FABULOUS!! The apple baked pancake my mom got was amazing! My build your own omelet was a perfect serving with fresh mushrooms and onions and spinach. The fries are like country fried potatoes with a delectable seasoning. My son devoured his chocolate pancakes. My husband had a mix of everything and was pleasantly plump upon departure. We will totally be back, and hopefully it won't be as busy so service isn't as blah.
5	The best breakfast place ever! The food is always delicious and the service is great. I have dealt with stomach issues for years but I can eat here and have no issues. They also have gluten free food that tastes GREAT!  For a wonderful breakfast experience come and eat at JP Pancake.
5	I've been coming to this location for 5 years and I've never had a so-so or bad meal. It's always been A+ rating. Everything from the food, the art (bit different but definitely talented) to their amazing serving staff and owners this place is the best breakfast restaurant in the east valley. Reasonably priced, they always make sure your drinks are filled as if your life depended on it. It's one of Gilberts finest, Diamond In The Rough!
4	I ordered a special item, banana bread French toast with a sausage, it was very good.  Service was good too.  We went at an off time during the week so it was not crowded at all.
1	First off, if you don't have 2 hrs to kill then don't bother. We went on a Sun morning and waited FOREVER to get seated. Then waited FOREVER for our food.I am a huge Cracker Barrel pancake fan. I think they have the ultimate butter milk stack you could ever feast upon. SO with that being said, I had very high expectations for this place. After all they do claim to have the "Best" pancakes. Mine were flat with no fluff and not much flavor. Thank god for the whipped butter (which deserves at least 1 more star).My boyfriend ordered the blueberry baked pancake, eh, its was so so as well. The pancake batter is just not up to par. I expect much more from the "best".  I bet they don't even use buttermilk.
4	This place was as good as advertised! If you don't order a baked pancake, you are missing out. Tried the banana pancake, and it was delicious. They also have awesome potatoes and the toast tasted like homemade bread. Definitely a place worth trying!
5	I had the Orange Cranberry baked pancake. It was great. My wife had the blueberry waffles. They were great too. Lots of flavor! Going back again tomorrow...The place is very casual, seat yourself, etc. Service was friendly and good.
4	Quaint little "down home" breakfast/lunch restaurant. Out of the way so not easy to find but worth it once you do. Service is good, even the owner/ cook came out to greet us. Coffee was filled over and over. Food was good and not too high priced. Good place for a decent meal.
4	The pancakes are fantastic- from the regular old plain pancakes to the deliciously sinful House Special oven baked pancakes.  My husband and I love coming here on the weekends. It's slightly out of street view and doesn't get some of the excessive volume of people that other places have on weekends- places that aren't nearly as good. Unique artwork on the walls, comfy/casual atmosphere, good service.
4	The pancakes are fantastic- from the regular old plain pancakes to the deliciously sinful House Special oven baked pancakes.  My husband and I love coming here on the weekends. It's slightly out of street view and doesn't get some of the excessive volume of people that other places have on weekends- places that aren't nearly as good. Unusual paintings on the walls, casual, family atmosphere. We enjoy the male servers sarcastic wit.
5	Thank you to the 3 big name chain breakfast spots for being over crowded. Without you I would have never been forced to 'Yelp' other places. With that said - this is definitely a true hidden gem. How this restaurant hasn't grown larger than Costco is beyond me. Arrived around 11:30- greeted promptly and served with a friendly and helpful attitude. We ordered the Belgium waffle with strawberries and sausage As well as the biscuits and gravy. Wish I would have ordered double it was just that good. I can't wait I return and have 1 of everything!
3	The food we ordered was average at best. It wasn't bad, but like many have said, it wasn't anything that you couldn't make at home. Seriously. I did order their signature item, the baked pancake, and I liked it, but not enough for it to be the only thing I come back for. In order for me to go back the next time I visit AZ 2 things would need to happen: 1. The food would need to get way better.And 2. The portions a little larger. I enjoy going to non-chains places when it's worth it. This isn't.My BF and I ordered an omelet with a waffle and home fries. When we ordered the waiter(the Dwight Schrut looking guy everybody mentions) acted like we were ordering some giant feast. I also ordered the baked pancake. My dad ordered the pigs in a blanket and his GF ordered the French toast. The waiter had the nerve to tell my dad "thanks for keeping it simple" after my bf and I ordered what I guess he thought was too extensive. The French toast plate was 2 triangles of nothing special French toast and some eggs. My dads plate was to hot dog size sausages wrapped in 2 small pancakes(nothing on the side). My bf and my order was just as small. Our omelet was the size of half a small omelet pan, the waffle was the size of 2 eggos, and the side of potatoes was silly. It was like the size of a bread plate. So odd that the waiter would comment that we were ordering "a buffet" and then trot out snacks for a tea party. My BF and I don't weigh 300 lbs or anything and it wasn't like we were too disappointed about the size of the portions, but just felt the waiter needed to keep his comments to himself. The baked pancake was enough for 3 people, though. I only ate a bit of it b/c I wanted to at least try what they are known for. So, if you are too lazy to cook at home but want the same taste go ahead and go here. Be prepared to be insulted, though.
5	We loved it here nice service, place, prices and the food to die for... We are definitely coming back because there are many options and it's gluten free!
4	JP Pancake has the ambiance of about 3.5 stars but the food and service were 4.5 stars! I had the biscuits and gravy which were scrumptious! And my date had a vegan omelette and the orange cranberry pancakes; she said the pancakes were out of this world!!!
4	Well it's taken us long enough to try this place out. We have no excuse, we live around here. JP Pancakes did not disappoint! The service was fine, though the waiter was a little quirky and harried. He says they were unexpectedly busy on a Thursday. Busy or not, the kitchen must be running just fine! The food was delicious! My daughter had the nutty, banana, Belgian waffle and I had the strawberries and cream one, and we shared a side of eggs and hash browns. Very, very satisfying!Did you know they make oven-baked pancakes? Never heard of that before. We will definitely come back to try them. We would have this visit but we were in a hurry and it takes a minimum of 20 minutes for that order. So keep that in mind.Overall we felt comfortable here, enjoyed the food, were satisfied with the service, and will be returning soon!
5	Amazing German pancake! Let it settle and enjoy all the flavors they have. Everything is enjoyable on their menu.
1	I would love to give a review of the food, but sadly we never even got to try anything here. We came mid afternoon on Father's Day expecting it to be busy.  It was packed, and since we expected this we were okay with the wait. What we were not okay with was being left standing by the sign, stating "Please wait to be seated" for the next ten minutes, and have not one person greet us.  The guy behind the bar walked to the other side of the restaurant, and passed us three times and never once made eye contact.  Absolutely horrible service is the only thing to be expected from this place. Do not waste your time or money here. Go across the street to IHOP's. At least there you get the common courtesy of being greeted when you walked through their doors.
5	Can't stress enough what a delight it was to eat here! So nice to have a change from the run of the mill breakfast places! The oven baked pancakes are AMAZING. I make German pancakes at home (recipe handed down from my very German G'ma) and the pancakes here are just as good! Oh and did I mention .. Small, family owned business!!  The service was GREAT TOO !! Doesn't get any better than this !! Try this place .... You will not be disappointed !!
4	It's kinda hard to screw up pancakes but I heard this place was good so I went and tried it. The place is basic as far as decor goes. We didn't have to wait which was nice. Some of the yelp reviews said that there can be long lines which is understandable since the place is small. My table was pretty sticky even though it had clearly been wiped down so lost a few points there. Heard great things about the oven baked pancakes but was in a hurry so I'll have to try them next time. Didn't want to order a basic pancake so I planned to order some French toast. Just as I was about to order I noticed that the special was Banana Bread French Toast. It sounded interesting and I had to give it a try. It was different but it was delicious. Three slices of fresh banana bread cooked like French toast then served with whipped cream and sliced almonds. Was really good! Prices are good as well. I will return to try the oven baked pancakes.
4	I got the baked omelette, which was very good and a large portion.  It came with home fries and toast.  I shared with my wife, who ordered the German baked pancake, which was pretty much amazing.   Service was good, food came out quickly, and it was really a pretty good experience.  I think it's a mom and pop operation, but I'm not sure about that.  Definitely would rather come here than one of the chain places.
5	First time here. We were seated immediately, drinks were served & order taken. And waited for 45 minutes for our meals. Don't get me wrong -- the service was great; the server, though, forgot to expedite our order. He owned up to the error, discounted our bill by 50% & pushed our order through.I ordered the  Sunshine Combo (2 eggs, 2 pancakes, 2 bacon or 1 sausage) & hubby ordered the Waffle Combo (same as mine only with waffle). They impressed me with their gluten-free options (totally appreciated that!), and the food was so tasty!!! When I commented on how good my pancakes were, the server offered to get hubby a regular pancake sample, which he really enjoyed. The five-star rating I gave is a big indication of the server's accountability. He got a good tip, too, for handling it with humor. Pretty sure we'll be back!
1	Disgusting!  For all of you that gave this place rave reviews,  you obviously have no idea this place doesn't clean their cooking area. The waffle maker and pans are not cleaned daily.  This place needs a visit from the health department.  Gross!
1	I have been here once. They are very expensive for what  you get. A waffle with a few strawberries and a dab of whip cream for 7 bucks. Not even any puree. It's an expensive dive. Why they get great reviews is beyond me or they are family friends of the owner. I will not be back.
5	Gluten Free waffles and pancakes!!!!!  Had banana pancakes.  PERFECT!  Nice to feel like a regular human being at breakfast; instead of my normal staring at everyone else's food.  Hubby had omelet.  Looked really good, he liked it.  Forgot to take pictures as we just dove in.  Kinda weird to get to with yelp mapping- back of shopping center.  First time here.  Will be back. :)
5	Me and my family came here for the first time today and it was great!!! Everything from the Potatoes  to the pancakes were so good!!! Not a real big place, more like a hole in the wall but you know that sometimes those are the best places. Will be coming back for sure. Thanks!!
5	Amazing place to get a decadent gluten free breakfast
4	Nice casual place. The owner is an artist so some of his pictures are up on the walls. Everything is very healthy. definitely good for a person who likes clean eating. Nothing is fried the omelette is even baked. They're toast is also homemade and very good. Definitely perfect for healthy people like myself.
4	A little over priced but WAY GOOD!! Truly a top notch, quality meal. Best pancakes around
5	Just plain GREAT!!! Impressed by the biscuits & gravy with true flavor & sausage bits. The pancakes are delicious with no need for syrup or butter. Just suuper good. The description of the 'plump' sausage is spot on and does not disappoint. Will absolutely return and try the German pancakes. Waay recommend and Lee was faaabulous!!! My plate came exactly how I wanted it!!!
4	Love that they have gluten free options, and their sausage is the best anywhere! Service can be hit or miss, depending on who you get...
4	Great service and loved the biscuits and gravy.
5	We were visiting our friends in Mesa Az and they introduced us to this fantastic pancake house! They have delicious gluten-free pancake and French toast options.  They made me a burrito that was vegan!It's a very relaxed environment so you can come in your comfy cloths.  Lee the server, who also created the art work on the walls, is very witty and offers attentive service.  I highly recommend eating here!
