4	I decided to be a cool wife and buy tickets to this tasteful topless revue for my husband and I.  I was surprised to see mostly couples which put me at ease as I was imagining guys all drunk and hollering like a bunch of pigs.  The girls came out with boobs in all shapes and sizes and having front row seats I think my husband's eyes almost popped out of his head as he is not a strip club kind of guy...  Those girls are very physically agile, and did have some fun dance numbers..  I even bought my hubbie one of their calendars as we were leaving, which some of the girls were there to autograph.  Not a show to go to tho if your into hardcore stripping..this is for  beginners or people who want a tame strip show.
5	Tasteful burlesque show for watching some attractive and agile girls. The audience was mostly couples so it is tame, with only a few perve's & playa's peppered about. The girls have some great assets and they bounce..err..dance well.There is also a comedian in the show. He performs some great impressions and has some of his own snazzy dance moves.Try to get the best seats possible, it is worthwhile to sit up close.
5	This was my first ever viewing of mostly-naked women outside of a locker room. I must say, I had my apprehensions, but I also knew that what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas so I had nothing to lose and everything to gain... (what? gain? did I just say that?)Anyway... we get in there, and like Karen O. pointed out, there were TONS of women there. It was mostly couples, so I felt entirely at ease. It was quite the audience, from the proud parents accompanying their 18 year old son, to mom and dad on a weekend away, to a bunch of rowdy bachelors. I did not feel out of place at all. The show... very tasteful. The best part was probably the strip tease by Jennifer, the show's leading lady (shown center in the picture), but everything was great. All the girls were fit and hard-bodied, the kind of bodies you want to see on a stage, not a bunch of silicone-enhanced bimbos. And they could move. This show was about how they could dance - MAN! did they entertain.There's a singer, too, and she can wail.  Great voice on that girl and a hot body. And a comedian too, who keeps it going between dance numbers and had the moves, himself. I'd see this again given the opportunity, but next time I might just use this as leverage to get my man to take me to the Thunder from Down Under.
4	I had no idea what to expect except seeing lots of t&a. Well, we got that, plus singing and a comedian/celebrity impersonator. The girls had pretty nice bodies, and the ones w/ fake boobs made me cringe. It looked like it hurt dancing around with all that weight on top! There were some real boobs in there, and everyone in our group agreed that the real ones were the best. The dancing was good (it takes skill to dance around in heels!), but they could have left out the whole "do you like your girl tied up?" number. The singer/MC girl was a good singer. She was sometimes accompanied by a comedian/celebrity impersonator/dancer guy. He had some good moves and would start a comedy routine while they were changing the set behind the curtain. He was pretty funny, except sometimes he tried too hard. He did an awesome Tina Turner and Michael Jackson impression. What made the night interesting was seeing what types of people came to watch the show. There were frat boys, young couples, middle-aged couples, single men, couples that looked like they needed some spice in their life and couples that had a bit too much. Overall, I got to give the girls props for being brave enough to dance basically naked in front of 100+ people and act as if they were enjoying themselves. Maybe they actually are? Extra star b/c some of them looked like they were having fun. I would definitely see another one of these shows, but I think I need to even it out and watch Thunder from Down Under as well.
1	This show had to be the worst show I have ever seen in Vegas, and I've seen some bad ones.  The comedy in the act was semi-funny, but not enough to make this seem worth the money for the ticket.  The girls?  Sure they looked good.  But the dancing and the girls didn't seem worth the price of a ticket.   The singer?  I think I've seen better lounge act singers.  No, no, in fact, I am SURE I have seen better lounge act singers.  I donno, maybe I just wasn't in the mood for what this show had to offer, which from what I recall wasn't really much of anything.  I would have had more entertainment at a strip joint.Oh the worst part is that the show started like an hour late because Carrothead went overtime.  I was already in a bad mood.  In fact, just thinking about this is pissing me off.  End.
1	Is this show still going on?It is not worth it. Old ladies with their tops off? Your money is better spent on finer establishments, if you know what I mean.
4	my wife and i went to this show and loved it. the girls were hot, the singer was fantastic, and the comedian was hilarious. i don't recall his name, but he had the entire audience laughing. we had front row seats, so we were right in the middle of the action. there were mostly couples in the audience and the atmosphere was great. overall we really enjoyed this show. be sure to stop at "FAT TUESDAYS" right outside the entrance, and get a tall one with a couple extra shots, you can bring it inside the show. how great is that.
2	Let me start off by saying one thing:  I love boobs.  But I like classy boobs first. We got a 48% military discount on our tickets, which made the show a bit more endearing.  Had I paid full price, I would have been pissed.The inside theater area is angled, and though it might seem smart to get a closer seat on the outside of the row, it isn't.  The woman recommended the seats in the F row (64/seat without discount) but we went with H 16 and 17... dead center.  Sweet.The show was mediocre.  Yea, there was nudity within a minute of the show starting, but seriously... i need to be warmed up.  I expected a sensual performance that would have me clawing to remove my girlfriends panties.... instead i walked out going, "did we seriously just pay for that?"  There was only one "fantasy skit" which I thought was great.  Don't get me wrong, the women are gorgeous... but the production was poorly done.However, the saving grace would have to be the interlude performance.  Shawn Cooper did an amazing impromptu performance, and between him and the discount, was the only thing that made me not incite a small riot when I left.
1	Oh why did my friends force me to watch this crap!?My first 1 star goes to you! This show has bunch of strippers who are tired of Las Vegas strip clubs, and now dancing hideously on the stage of Luxor. If you want to charge 40 dollars per person, at least choreograph your dances better and practice more in sync!?The only positive thing I can say about this show is the comedy relief...especially the Michael Jackson part...CIGADR! (Can I Get a Damn Refund!)
2	Ok, there's a reason this is the cheapest show on the strip. I wasn't expecting much, I knew it was going to be trashy. The girls were actually pretty though. The main singer girl was the most entertaining part! My boyfriend and I were sitting in the front row so we got up close and personal with her. I don't want to be mean, she was a good singer... but she was trashy and raspy and all together pretty hilarious. She had dark lip liner and waaaayyy too much eye makeup. And she tried to talk dirty to the crowd. Oh man... I can't get her out of my head. This is going to entertain me for a long time to come. The girls did some themed dances: cowgirls, cops, lesbian bed scene, tying each other up, etc.  The singer tried to keep the crowd in to it, asking them to make some noise and such. It was pretty embarrassing because no one was that into it (not even the frat dudes). There was a comedian guy who did impersonations and he was actually really funny. I don't know, I guess I don't regret seeing it. I'd recommend it for pure comedy but don't expect anything classy.
1	I am so glad that I am not the only person who thought that this was a stupid show!!  We picked up tickets at the half price ticket center for $33 per person, after fees and I now think we were robbed. This was 90 minutes of my life I want back!!  I am okay with topless shows but there was nothing sexy or interesting about this one.  It really did remind me of a strip bar.  The dancers were pretty but they and thier dancing were very unispired.The singing was okay (I think) but the sound system was horrible.  It felt like the singer was screaming/screeching in my ear and all that I wanted was for the pain to stop.The comedian was the best part of the show and that ain't saying much at all.....
4	Took my boyfriend here for his birthday back in february and he and I both enjoyed this show very much. We were in the first row, right in the center, which was the perfect seat.The girls were pretty, as was their costumes, and their dance scenes were tasteful too. It was suggestive, the girls wore skimpy clothes and showed boobage, but without the cheap raunchy ass-in-your-face that you'll probably get most other places in vegas. maybe that's why some of the reviews are negative here, because it wasn't in-your-face nudity. but personally, i liked the show. the emcee/singer had a very talented voice, and was super friendly. The comedian during intermission was funny too. and the girls covered about all the bases with what people like. there was the petite asian, the one with the perfect ass, the one with huge boobs, girls with extra long legs, everything! They were all so hot and i thought they were pretty coordinated with their show.What i liked the most was that after the show, you can take pictures with all/any of the girls for free, and they'll all sign your calender and chat with you. They're all so nice! it really completed the experience i think.
4	I have been to bachelor parties in Vegas and you know the saying. But on this trip the gf and I were going to check out a tasteful topless show. Not the girls with the big feathers or the girls with the leopard skin bikinis.Fantasy is a live show in the Luxor with approximately ten to twelve acts of dancing, singing and comedy. The girls were very good looking in their sequin bottoms and showing their b-cup ta- tas but they could dance and be seductive too.  I thought the show was very tasteful and worth taking your partner too. The two girls who did the singing sang songs such as Black Velvet, Gypsy, those kinda sultry songs.I'm glad they mixed the music for the dancing girls.  I must admit the comedian was very funny and he kept everyone laughing. At the end of the show you could talk to the girls, take pictures and collect autographs (Love & Kisses..Sugar)
4	The Fantasy show at the Luxor was the first topless show I've ever been too and I must say it was really terrific! The show was choreographed by Chris Judd. I went with a friend.  I loss the coin toss so instead of going to the Chippendale show we went to Fantasy instead. j/k  Actually, we ended up going to the Fantasy show because we wanted to go to a show that was exclusive to Las Vegas. The Fantasy show started in Vegas and it's going on its 10th year.The girls in the show are all gorgeous! The costumes and acts are very well choreographed. One of the leading performers in the show is an actress from Baywatch. I didn't recognize her because I never watched the show.There is a comedian that's also part of the show and he's really funny!!!If you're ever in Las Vegas and you want to go to a show and , if you don't mind seeing topless women, you should check out the Fantasy show. It's tastefully done and very entertaining.Another big plus, be sure to bring your camera because you can take pics with the dancers, for free, after the show!  We didn't bring our camera so my friend was a little bummed. Life goes on.....;-)
5	Excellent show! The music was great, the dancing was good, the comedian in the middle of the show was by far the best part of the show, not saying that it is not worth seeing. I definitely recommend this show over the one at the Flamingo or at MGM Grand. My favorite is the one at Planet Hollywood, but this would be my next choice. I am not mentioning the other names on purpose if you can tell. You can research those yourselves, or maybe look for a review from me when I get around to it. I will admit that the show was a lot more strip and no tease. Most numbers the girls came out already topless so I mean basically they are just dancing around with there breasts flopping everywhere, it would be better if during the dance they removed clothes slowly. Some of the numbers were done like that, but not all. So if you are looking for a strip tease, this isn't it. If you are looking for beautiful topless girls dancing, this is your show.
4	When we were down at the meet & greet at the Aurora bar we entered a raffle and my BF won tickets.  Yay free boobies! I think I was more excited when he won than he was.The theater is not too big so pretty much any seats are good, but be aware if you have seats in front they may mess with you. The girls are really skinny, only one of them has big boobs, & if you are an ass and leg man forget it.  The acts are tasteful and the girls are talented and can dance well.The highlight of the show was the provocative cirque act where one of the girls was dressed in fishnet and hung from red material while contorting and twisting about so gracefully.  So sexy and elegant.  In my opinion this girl was the most talented of the bunch.There was a stand up comedian who was filling in for the regular that was absolutely hilarious, I wish I caught his name.  Overall we had a great time and are glad we had the chance to experience this show.
3	I was in Vegas by myself with nothing to do so I thought I'd head over to the Half Price Ticket booth at Fashion Show and see what was going on. I wanted to see Peep Show but it goes black on Wednesday, so I was shit out of luck. I settled for Fantasy, a long running show at the Luxor, because it was cheap ($20 for a fourth row seat) and because it was choreographed by a choreographer I used to take classes from on the ole dance convention circuit.There are boobs and that's about it. My friend said it's cool for the first three minutes and then it gets old. I don't think I've ever heard a more accurate representation of something in my life. The dancing was mediocre, the singing was mediocre, and the set's were mediocre. The best part of the show was the comedian that came on during the break.He actually put it best to the audience. He said, "If you guys were winning at gambling, you would be watching French people in weird positions right now instead." Hahahaha.
3	My husband and I went to Vegas and thought it would be fun to see a topless show (why not, right?) As said by other reviewers: every seat is a great seat- there is no need to pay top dollar for this one. (if you sit in the front ... you might have to do something you don't want to do) The girls were ok- 8 in total plus the "special guest star"- (this girl that was on Baywatch and playboy). The 8 girls were ok- pretty .. nothing that screamed Vegas. Only one with fake boobs. The "Guest Star" was boring- all she did was sing - and it was horrible- it just wouldn't stop. She was the only one who didn't take off her top. (thought this was a top less show?) The dancing was ok ... the music was ok ... and the props were ok .. over all an "ok" show. The BEST part of this show was the comedian - his name was Sean E Cooper ... he was awesome and I think everyone would have rather seen more of him than the girls (literally drunk 21 year old boys came up to his after the show saying "you were the best part of this show" - what does this tell you? *** about my rating- the only reason I gave this 3 stars is because of the comedian- there is a photo someone posted down below (in the red shirt) ***
4	For me a visit to Sin City just wouldn't be complete without catching a topless stage act.  In recent years I've seen Crazy Girls, Crazy Horse Paris (titled La Femme at the time) and Donn Arden's Jubilee, but during my last visit my planned visit to see Fantasy was sidetracked when my travel companion refused to go.  I don't recall what his problem was, but since I'm traveling solo on this visit I decided to finally check out the Fantasy show at the Luxor.Needless to say if nudity bothers you this is not the show for you.  Go catch a comedy act or a magic show instead.  Also, if you're looking for something suggestive or raunchy stay far away from this show and visit one of the many strip clubs or gentleman's clubs throughout the Las Vegas area.  While this is not family-oriented entertainment it is entertainment nonetheless with singing, dancing, impersonations and crude humor.Personally, I enjoyed the show.  Let's face it.  If you are a somewhat normal, single, heterosexual, meat-eating, marathon running guy like I am, you'll enjoy the show too!  I had the exact second row seat for which I had viewed Carrot Top's show one night earlier and the nine ladies on the stage were almost in my lap.Former Baywatch star and Playboy cover girl Angelica Bridges (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/SYKC66fxrtytQAIae9xd-Q?select=DPxs_CG0wOhcWBDF8istsg) isn't a great vocalist, but her sultry ways were perfect for a show like this, and her hot-enough-for-Playboy looks don't hurt her either.  The other eight dancers who perform numbers both with and without tops aren't very much in sync during the group dance numbers, but realistically I don't think many people attend this show expecting to see outstanding choreography.Individually, the ladies can dance and not many would argue that after seeing Sonya do her elegant, sensuous and dangerous high-above-the-stage aerial ribbon dance (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/SYKC66fxrtytQAIae9xd-Q?select=ORLOuf8rBy8rh3MBwyYa2g) or watching Lesi shake and gyrate her Shakira-like hips on center stage.  Lindsay does a great fan dance, and the majority of the guys (and some ladies) cheered loudly for Tracey's number on the stripper pole.The show has one male cast member in comedian / impersonator Sean E. Cooper (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/SYKC66fxrtytQAIae9xd-Q?select=RvAtxOIBj2Q0MQXRLIrw6A) whose impersonations of James Brown (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/SYKC66fxrtytQAIae9xd-Q?select=t0KBoCdc-EXOht-_hJEt6Q), Sammy Davis Jr. (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/SYKC66fxrtytQAIae9xd-Q?select=sKTyNJt8V-OlSBgt7I_CHA), Michael Jackson (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/SYKC66fxrtytQAIae9xd-Q?select=F_IaBH_RGWIhaV6oOd4Egw), Elvis Presley and Tina Turner (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/SYKC66fxrtytQAIae9xd-Q?select=wVwBx2rDUATrcoFNgWNx5g) had show patrons rolling in their seats.  His sense of humor and his crude jokes were hilarious.At the conclusion of the show most of the cast members come out to the theater's lobby to do a meet and greet with their fans.  They answer questions, sign free autographs and pose for photos for anybody who is interested.  I got a chance to chat with Angelica Bridges who came around as a very friendly and personable person.  I've posted my meet and greet photos in the photos section.
4	For a while I made a point to go see a different topless show every time I went to Vegas. What can I say, I'm a guy? This one was top-notch. The dancing was good, the singing was excellent, even the comedian who came out between the sets doing his bit was funny.Everyone looked like they were having fun and that's all that really matters!
2	Wow..... Kinda sucked! I have no idea why so many others gave such good reviews? The theater was as big as a frigging 7/11... Ok I am exaggerating a little but it was tiny comparatively.  The singing was horrible. Whoever told the main chick she could sing was smoking something good and probably a family member or something. Then half way through the show a dude comes out and starts telling jokes?! WTF 1 of the chicks looked like a dude.... and 2 others were kinda chubby. This is Vegas baby! You have to be cream of the crop to dance here! No sloppy chicks! Please Save your money! For a couple extra bucks go see a real show in a real theater "Peep Show" at the MGM.Oh yeah they don't have a restroom in the theater so make sure you go before you get there.Dino...)'(
2	The good = 4 stars:  The gal on the ribbons,  the cop routine, the latin american number with the drums.  Kudos to the cheerleading gal with the wardrobe malfunction but kept on going.  Our seats were great- Sit in row D and the ladies will walk right in front of your as they criss cross through the audience.The bad - 1 star = 3 stars:  The pole routine- if you set up 3 poles I expect to see some serious spins.  Basically the girl did the same 2 inversions on 2 poles and 1 basic spin that even I can do and that was it.  Genevieve.  She was dancing off beat from the rest of the dancers and she had a muffin top that distracted my friends.The ugly - 1 star = 2 stars: Angelica Bridges cannot sing.  The acoustics in the theatre I'm sure did not help but at points of her singing, I wanted to cover my ears...  Like nails on a chalkboard.  yikes
3	The show was OK, not boner quality. The girls were nice to look at but the routines were pretty lame. Best part was the comedian dude, that alone makes the show worth watching. 3 stars for the comedian one for the tits and none for the rest. Save the 40 bucks and go to Deja Vu. :)
2	The only reason we went to this show is because we had free tickets.  We went on a weeknight, so not all of the poster-girls were dancing.  Some of the dancers were alright, but a few of them were pretty stiff when dancing and weren't in time with the others.  The theater was small, and I was surprised to see so many couples.  The comedian between dance acts was actually pretty funny.  He did some good impressions (Michael Jackson, Sammy Davis Jr., James Brown, etc.), but it wasn't enough to make the show great.To sum up this show in one word, BLAH.  I'm just glad we didn't pay to see it or I would be asking for a refund.
5	Now a much faster show than before. The topless show with comedic relief is excellent. Spoiler alert. Mr Cooper knows how to react with the crowd, he's a great Tina Turner in drag and an awesome Michael Jackson. The foot moves that he's able to do, plus the famous MJ moon walk is amazing. Each number now flows into the next quite well. There are many costume changes, but somehow are fast and work well.There is a police, school girl, bed and flying girl fantasies. The main singer is now Latina and she does very well projecting a powerful voice with a look of Shakira, that she uses to her full advantage. The stadium seating provides a good view from the bottom to the very top, which I have seen the show from once. I have been to the show a few times over the years and have had seats in many spots.The night I visited was a preview for the new routine, so it was complimentary, but I did enjoy it more than any other time before.
1	I thank God i got the tickets for free. Otherwise i thought this show was one of the worst i have seen in Vegas. The women were hott, but the overall performance was really bad. They tried to mix in comedy and singing as well. Just horrible show. I did see only three couples walk out.
3	My first time in Vegas with my husband and we chose to see Fantasy. We thought it was done very nicely. The host Lilly is an awesome singer and really kept the audience participating. it felt a little stiff in the beginning, maybe it was the crowd, but quickly warmed up and ended up being a lot of fun. The girls were all pretty and a variety for all desires. I liked when they danced in the audience because you got a good close up. They also had a comedian which was very funny. I would definitely recommend this show to anyone.
4	The girls weren't great .. the singer, Lorena Peril, was really good .. think powerful Christina Aguilera-ish .. the comedian, Sean E. Cooper is what REALLY made the show .. I give him 5 stars, the singer 4 stars and the girls 3 stars .. the silk aerial act was very good as well ..You'll have a good time ..
5	These girls are awesome, have gone to the show twice. I went to the first performance of lorena peril and let me tell you she's the reason why i give the show 5 stars. She has a tremendous voice and has a sparkling personality. This show makes you want for more every time. There are a lot of women in the audience which is a plus and the comedy is awesome. /
5	50% off with Military or DoD issued ID. YaY!Got seats in B section for only 32 dollars NICE!The show was awesome. Not all of the poster girls were there seeing as it was on a Tuesday but they were hot. Lorena Peril has a sweet voice and could sing. The real star goes to Sean E Cooper. Holy crap that guy is hilarious.It was fun and worth it.
4	I took my husband to see this show for an early Birthday celebration because according to him all of his Birthdays have "sucked". I would have to agree with him so I wanted to plan something he would truly enjoy. Musicals aren't really his thing even though I do drag him along sometimes so I figured I'd choose something more him. I chose the Fantasy show because he enjoys looking at "naked ladies". I dunno I guess it's a guy thing! The show is much more then women dancing around naked. The host Lorena Peril can really belt out a tune. She has a strong voice like Christina Aguilera. She likes to get the audience involved so you never know what will happen. Lorena also seems pretty nice. After the show during the meet and greet I was trying to sneak a picture of her signing my husband's calendar because I was too shy to ask her to pose with him. When she noticed me trying to take a picture she said, "You want me to pose with him? ..cause I'll pose with him." I thought that was pretty cool and the picture turned out really good! If you don't want to have attention showered on you throughout the show don't sit in the front row. We were in the second row but the guy in front of us was the center of jokes, had to dance like a Chippendale dancer and he got to go up on the stage with the girls to be a part of their performance. It was all in good fun though him and his wife were good sports about it! Then someone unexpected comes on the stage ...a guy ...he wasn't on the poster! His name was Sean Cooper and he was hilarious! He first came out doing impressions of James Brown, Sammy Davis Jr. but his jokes are the best! He also did the rap during Lorena's "Hips Don't Lie" number. We were lucky enough to catch him after the meet and greet to get pictures and tell him how funny we thought he was. He was also really cool about it.  The show was pretty good even to the harshest of critics. I know because I was sitting next to one. This old guy was sitting near me with a stern look on his face for practically the whole show ( I'm a people watcher..so I always looked at him for his reaction during every number...I'm nosy like that.) but he even cracked a small smile. It was during the Michael Jackson impersonation though...go figure!
5	I was able to get discount tickets to this show, B section, for only $38 bucks, but even if I had to pay full price, it would have been worth it. I arrived expecting to simply see a bunch of boobs swinging around for an hour or so, but the show ended up being so much more than that. The intimate ampitheater-style venue is perfect for such a performance, as everyone gets a good view. There are a series of dancers, who come out for group or solo performances, but it's supplemented by a woman who has an absolutely amazing voice. I can't recall her name, but I wouldn't be surprised if she one day becomes a recording artist on a major record label, as she hits all kinds of notes, effortlessly! So there I was, enjoying the music, and the dancing, when another element was injected into the show....comedy. I truly wasn't expecting it, but it was a good surprise. The comedian not only told jokes, but also was an impersonator (James Brown, Sammy Davis Jr, Tina Turner, Michael Jackson), and worked his way into one or two of the acts with the dancers. The combination of the music, dancers, costumes (or lack of), and comedy, created a great evening for me. And I'll mention, that I'm a gay man, and I thoroughly enjoyed this topless show, so it's definitely something for all adult audiences! Although the show is sexy, it's not sexual, if that makes sense. Anyway, it's worth checking out. Oh, and one last point, if you sit int he first couple of rows, you'll get a chance to have the singer and dancers come by and shake their boom booms in your face :)
5	Wednesday my husband and I saw Fantasy for the 3rd time.First time in Feb 09 we loved it, Stephanie was the singer and she was amazing, we bought the CD and love her Goin to Vegas song2nd time was after we moved here spring of 2010, OMG the Baywatch/Playboy chick they had then was horrible! she could not sing at all, that girl could not carry a tune in a bucket!(please don't ever bring her back! Angelica Bridges ick)This 3rd time was as good as the first now with Lorena Peril she is an amazing singer! I loved her Hips don't Lie number She can pull off the notes and does a wonderful job!The women are beautiful, and most are natural, its fun energetic and all around good time, and yes they are topless most of the time (our Fave is Dar)The theater is small so I don't think there is a bad seat in the houseMust see Sean Cooper omg he is so funny! I would go back again just to see him!Its a fun show!
4	This is definitely one of the better topless shows on the strip.  The girls are pretty, can dance and sing, and put on an entertaining show.
4	This show put a little tickle in my twizzle that is for sure! I took an ex boy toy to this show, needless to say he was in trouble once we got to the car!FANTASY reveals seductive secrets and sensual desires. It's the ultimate adult revue created to excite both singles and couples! Featuring an array of the most gorgeous and talented dancers, live singers and the comedic impersonations of Sean E. Cooper, it's no wonder FANTASY is celebrating 11 years on top! Don't forget your camera! Afterwards you get to take pictures with the girls for FREE! Woo hoo baby! Free souvenir, how ya like me now?Enough said!Check it out! You won't regret it :)RIP Debora Flores Narvaez
4	This was a very good show, I went with my wife (yes it is very couples friendly I think everyone there was a couple ) and we both loved it. The show has lots of music signing and dancing. The main singer was very funny and walk out and interacts with the crowd ohh and she has an amazing voice and body ;-). No Male eye candy, sorry ladies, just one guy who come out between acts and tells jokes. You can also meet with the entire cast and take pictures with them after the show. Overall the show was very good and we would both see it again. The comedian was funny but a little awkward in this type of show. If you are looking for a good topless show at a good price see this show. If you want a little more story line with your show see peep show at the Planet Hollywood it is a little more expensive but it has more of a story. ** FYI both shows are topless*** *tip if you want to see two shows Luxor has a 2 for $75 special*
4	This is a fun show in the Luxor, in the same smaller Atrium theater that Carrot Top does his prop based comedy.The show is at 10:30pm, and is a great cabaret show for adults. The 8 gorgeous and talented female dancers can do all sorts of classic dance routines wearing all sorts of costumes. But mostly, these costumes either start or end up topless, as this is one of the hottest toplesss revues on the strip. In fact, it  was voted hottest showgirls, and I can't disagree! One thing you can say about topless places, "if you've seen one, you've seen two". But here, you will see 16 on 8 gorgeous women, and this show is really a hot treat!   Police girls, burlesque fan dancer, bump and grind strippers, cowgirls saving a horse riding a cowboy, Brazilian carnival dancer, you name it, they can do it! Great music and routines, good dancers, and stunning girls with breasts large and small. But none grossly oversized, because these girls aren't strippers first, they are dancers first. This show isn't all about breasts, (well, mostly, but there is more! And think higher, not lower, you dirty old man!)  The Emcee is a spunky and energetic singer named Lorena Pero. She is hot in her own right, wearing great costumes (but not going topless). She has a huge voice like Christina Aguillera and her hips don't lie while she shakes her booty like Shakira! (She sings numbers by both, plus others). Then not on the bill, but for comic and testosterone relief, is Sean Cooper, who after the middle part of the program, pops on stage as James Brown. He wiggles and slides across the dance floor, does the splits and has JB's moves and expressions down cold. He finds a volunteer from the crowd to do some interactive comedy with the hot girls, and there is usually a bachelor party guy more than willing. Our night was a great guy soon getting married, calling himself A-Dog! It was hilarious fun, he was a great sport, almost good enough to be a planted shill, but he wasn't. Later Sean morphs into Michael Jackson, white face, hat and glove, and pulls off a great Moon Walk just like the King of Pop. Hanging with Mr, Cooper is going with a great entertainer in his own right. Mr. Cooper and Ms. Pero are actually a married couple and emerge as the stars of this show, supported by those lovely 16 heavenly objects of beauty glistening under the spotlights. There were a fair amount of females in the audience mixed with the males, and I am sure that some people had more fun in their own after party after watching this revue!It was a fun and entertaining 90 minute show, at half the price of the bigger productions on the strip.PS - after the show in the lobby, you can buy calendars of the girls and show, and take photos with all that talent! Beats a snapshot of you in front of the water fountains at Bellagio!
4	Was our first Vegas show and we had a great time! It was funny and hot!!
5	Alright, my mom grew up going to Vegas almost every other month and she thought my trip wouldn't be complete without a burlesque show!   Needless to say there were more boobies than I have ever seen a day in my life (including my own!)  The girls are gorgeous, not nasty druggie/hooker looking like you would think, seriously GORGEOUS.  The singer is also gorgeous, funny, and very talented at what she does. The mc is tooooo funny. I was laughing so ridiculously hard that people were laughing at me laughing, NO JOKE. If you were at the same show I am sure you remember me and my group haha. I was not quite prepared for all of the nudity so make sure you go with the right people or it would be plain AWKWARD. Seriously go to this show, it is some of the most fun I had in vegas!
5	I give the fantasy girls a 5 for a seductive performance. Not only are they sexy women, they are great performers to top it off. The fantasy girls and the beautiful vocalist hosting the show made it money well spent. The comedy portion with Shawn was pretty funny too, he did a Michael Jackson and Sammy Davis Jr impersonation that was too funny. Overall the show was awesome, I will definitely see it again when I return to Vegas
5	Wow!  What a show!  Having attended our share of 'adult' shows in Vegas, this truly exceeded our expectations.  The latina hostess was beautiful, talented, funny & gracious  (bummed I do not know her name....Sorry!)  Sean Cooper was indeed funny talented and hospitable.  The ladies performing were so fun to watch.  Sexy and beautiful with bodies anyone would die for!  After the show, the crew was out talking to guests which gave us an opportunity to thank Sean for a great night.Thank you Fantasy for making our experience so fun.  It was worth every single penny!
3	It was entertaining. It would be something fun to do as a tourist but as a local, if you haven't seen it well, you're not missing much.
1	I was disappointed in this show. I came to see a topless dance show and got a not-so-funny improv night. I enjoyed the first 20 min until the comedy routine started, then left to get my money back. I was upset that none of the posters nor front desk people inform you that half of this show is a comedian.
5	This is an entertaining show. I like how they arranged the performances and how they interact with the audiences. for $38 (purchased it at the tix4tonight) this show is worth every pennies.I love Lorena Perils and Sean Cooper, they're like the stars of the show. Lorena's voice hella amazing and Sean Cooper was so hilarious. I also adore the other 8-9 sexy fantasy ladies. They are beautiful and a really good dancer. Very nice and let us take pictures after the show.I'll definitely come back and bring my bf next time! :))
4	4 stars - girls, and it had a live singer which was nice5 stars for production and comedianGreat Time.  Got tix4today ticket for about $30.  Go to the luxor to reserve your ticket seat.  Seating is done at Luxor Box Office only I believe, no matter where you but tickets.  Get there right away.  I got a 2nd row the day of show.  The show was full, but I guess if you have 1 or 2 people, you can get a good seat.Good show for a girl or a guy.  Good show for a couple, I guess. If you're with a group of guys, go see Crazy Girls at Riveira (not as great production, but a little more erotic).   If you're with a group of girls, go see MGM's Crazy Horse.  But both should enjoy Fantasy.
5	From a chicks point of view: GO! This show was great, Lorena and Sean were great hosts and worked so well with each other. The other girls were amazing. Though topless most of the time, it's so classy. Great dancing, different routines and outfits were cool. It was a blast to watch and not something that would make you uncomfortable. Also, the theatre is small so all seats are good seats!
4	not five stars but definitely enjoyable at 4 stars since it's better than okay. it depends on what you are looking for. this is a SHOW. not a strip club, so dont come here expecting some crazy stunts and flips. its a teaser show with a skit and storyline thats supposed to bring out every man's fantasy of a woman whether it's true or not. my bf and i came with another couple, and sat dead center, front row. boy was that hilarious. the room is quite small, so it really doesn't matter where you sit because you will SEE what you want to SEE. i think sitting in the mid-back rows would have been nicer because the first few rows are actually looking UP at the stage, which sucked a bit for our necks. there are plenty of discounted tickets if you dont mind where you sit.do be warned that sititng in the first row, you paid extra for the chance to be picked on, and danced on, and you WILL be boo'ed if you dont get with the program. needless to say the four of us was sharting in our pants since none of us wanted to be picked. we just got a thrill of not knowing and luckily the night we went, someone voluntarily raised their arm and said his mother was treating him (WITH HIM) for his birthday and he just got back from serving in iraq. interesting treat, mom..also the girls arent all drop dead gorgeous but they'll make do, just watch the one you like because you only have one pair of eyes anyway. there are lots of topless action and they range in all sizes.. and age... just enjoy the show.
5	I should of written a review right after watching the show (about 4 days ago) while it was still fresh in my memory...Let me recall...I loved the show! Even from a girl's perspective-wow! Even I got really roused & turned on! All of the girls are better than average but my faves are Kristin (the only one with really short hair-she's the hottest! Prettiest face with dimples ;)) and Sonia-for her amaaaaazing aerial fabric dance! She reminds me of Dita Von Tees. There were other hot performances like the cowgirl dance, girl's threesome in a bed, & stripper pole dancing. The hosts were fantastic! Havent laughed so hard in so long. Sean is so talented!!! Lorena's character and voice...perfection. She is hot too! Reminds me of a sexy belly dancer. My husband & I really enjoyed the show. The girls were mostly topless & their bewbies are natural (except one girl), milky, & succulent! All shapes & sizes. What i really liked was that they are very voluptuous-not emaciated at all. That is how a REAL woman's body should be like! Curvy with plenty of T&A to go around lol. It was a fairly small theater & I am sooooo glad we had row C-which is the PERFECT level for our eyes. Sit in row A or B and your neck have to be strained to look up. Yes-it is THAT close to the stage! Overall, do go! Be open-minded! Enjoy!
5	You can not leave Vegas without watching this show. Amazing!! The hostess is this sexy Latina, Lorena who has an amazing strong voice, hot body, and amazing hips like Shakira. The only guy there was Sean Cooper and he freaking almost gave me an asthma attack. No joke I was wheezing from laughing. He does great impressions and he is so witty even when some guys from the audience decide to be assholes and yell that they want to see girls, not him. His come backs are even more hilarious.The girls are so talented and sexy, 95% of the time topless. After the show, you can buy their calender, get autographs, & take pictures with the girls. I took piks with the sexy blondes...especially the one with the short hair mmm ;) Btw I sat 4 rows from the back but had an amazing view bc the area is small.*also watched peepshow... It was so boring compared to fantasy! You get more boobies with fantasy!! You can't go wrong. If you want to watch both shows, watch peepshow first so you won't be as disappointed as I was. Fantasy was my first show in Vegas. YUM
5	My wife and I thought the show was hilarious....wasn't what we were completely expecting and it turned out to be a big surprise.  Sean Cooper was funny as hell and the host Lorena had an awesome voice.We would recommend the show to anyone looking for a fun time....it's funny, sexy, different and just a fun environment overall.Don't sit in the front row unless you want to get picked on.
3	According to friends when we watched this show. It was shorten and both the main singer and Sean Cooper wasn't on this show when I watched it. I fell robbed since it was shortened. This show was near an hour with the stand up comedian.
4	My husband and I have been to Fantasy twice now and loved it!Besides Peepshow this is our second favorite topless show on the strip.  It is very fun and the girls are super hot.  My favorite is this super cute blonde called Koree who was in it both times we saw it.  My husband's favorite was a new girl this time called Jennifer.The singer, Lorena, is just awesome - very powerful voice and really owns the show.  Besides the girls the best part of the show is a comedian named Sean E Cooper.  Most reviews don't even mention him, but he is soooooo funny.The theater is small so there is not a bad seat.  Lorena especially gets off stage and interacts with the crowd and that was really cool.The aerial "curtain" act was just amazing.  Very skillful and sexy too.The cost isn't too bad - compared to other Vegas shows.  We definitely recommend this one.
2	I have seen better.  The girls could be cuter and the show was kind of boring.  I did like the humor and the main comedian guy was funny but I got bored of the lady hosting.  Honestly, it wasn't great.  I would recommend many other shows over this.
4	Fantasy is fantastic!I was nervous taking my girlfriend to fantasy for our anniversary. I shouldn't have been as everything was done with class. There were plenty of couples there and we felt right at home. In fact my girlfriend had a great time and was so glad it wasnt oneof the other shows at the Luxor.Previous reviews mention horrible singers. There were only 2 singers and they were both on key and kept us  highly entertained while the sets were redone.Beware of sitting in the front row as you will become part of the show and if you're very lucky you will be pulled on stage and become part of the show in a fun way. The concession stand serves popcorn but I was told it would be rude to eat popcorn while watching topless dancers perform in front of me. It didn't stop me and I enjoyed eating the popcorn like I was at my house.The entrance is actually behind the stage and behind the ticket area wear comfortable shoes as you will be walking a very very long way to the entrance and it's all up hill.My only major complaint of the night was the fact the entire performance lasted less than 1 hour.  For the price of admission I was thinking at least 1.5 hours but really when you're looking at beautiful naked women the less than an hour long session went by in the blink of an eye and leaves you wanting more and more.If you like Asian food the Rice and Co has a great deal just go to there website to buy a 3 course meal and seats to this show.The women are super sexy and you can tell they enjoy their jobs. Its worth your time and dollar!
4	Great show, sexy and fun with just the right touch of humor....good times....jajaja
2	The main Singer was awesome and funny ... the dancers were pretty and sexy... but the mid-show comedian/singer Sean Cooper was awful... maybe it was an off night... but he wasn't getting laughs so he started picking on people which made my boyfriend and I just uncomfortable... but other than that it was a decent show... I didn't feel awkward or skeezy... but was glad I had a shall forbore got chilli and I am glad I didn't have heels on because there is a lot walking at an incline to the theater ... and if you have cheap seats even more climbing ... I wouldn't waste my money to see it a second time... luckily I had discounted tickets.
4	Just saw this last night! First of all, overall it was an awesome show.  Lorena Peril IS an amazing singer and her voice is just so big and wonderful.  She herself is a very beautiful young woman with a great sense of humor.Most of the girls were great as well. All of them were wonderful dancers, but I have to say that Amber is my fave. She dances so gracefully and sensuously.It has already been mentioned before that most of the ladies are natural-looking and not stick-thin, which is great.Unfortunately, I feel like the show is a little too short- it seemed like it kind of went by too fast. Sean Cooper was not there that night; a female guest comedian (whom unfortunately I can't remember her name! she used to be on Chelsea Lately) presented the jokes  and she was hilarious.If you are going to see this, I recommend taking advantage of the current promotion that the hotel has where you can see two shows (from luxor and excalibur) for 75 dollars. Keep in mind that with service fees and tax rates it will come down to about 105.Also, some people were doing timeshare promotions for couples which would have gotten us free tickets, but unfortunately we didn't qualify.If you do, take advantage of that as well! But it's only until a certain time.
4	We originally wanted to get tickets to see Criss Angel but he wasn't there that week. But the ticket guy raved about this show and we got a good deal on tickets ($40 each at the Tix4Less booth) so we bought them. I'm glad we went because it was an awesome experience. We stayed at the Luxor and this show was thankfully right there in the hotel. The theater was small but comfortable, so everyone essentially had pretty good seats. I had a few guy friends with me and it surprisingly wasn't weird or awkward at all. The dancers were topless yes, but in a very classy, not pornish way. There sets were each pretty short so it was easy to keep everyone's attention. An hour (maybe 90mins?) of hot chicks dancing around on stage with their sickeningly perfect bodies was all the motivation I needed to just stop eating...ever. What no one at the hotel really mentioned (which ended up being my favorite parts of the show) when trying to shove the tickets down our throats for 2 days was that there was a host and a comedian as well. Lorena Peril was pretty, charismatic and had a really nice voice. Sean E. Cooper ended up being hilarious (especially his Michael Jackson impersonation -they look NOTHING alike!) and they both actually stole the show. I felt a little bad because they were both funny and doing a good job engaging the audience members, but the back of the room was quiet at times, even though I could sense they were enjoying it. Lol I found myself clapping extra loudly at times just so they knew someone cared. When the lights came on at the end, I saw why. The last few rows were FULL of conservative looking old people and foreign tourists that didn't look like they even knew what was going on. Well it's Vegas and Vegas is full of tourists, so I guess they have come to expect it. I would definitely return with my boyfriend, as I'm sure he would enjoy it = )
4	Loved the showThe hosts were hilarious and they did a great job interacting with the audiences. But unfortunately we sat right next to a moron who was whistling and scramming the entire show. It was like he hadn't seen any naked women for decades.
5	Like the rest of you, I was inspired to go to this show for the complex plot and character development... Instead, I was shocked to find a Vegas show with gorgeous showgirls singing and prancing around on the stage.Against all common sense, I stayed and watched the show. The segments are very entertaining. Lorena, the singer, is multi-talented. Sean E. Cooper provides some entertainment but probably stayed longer than he should.The showgirls... ah, the showgirls. In a city where attractive women are all over the place, these stand out. They're gorgeous, talented, and absolutely mesmerizing. The name of this show may be the most accurate description of any show in Vegas.
4	Even as a gay guy, I can appreciate these beautiful women.  I thought the host was fine, though overly processed when she was singing with too much reverb and delay.The comedian was very funny and racy.I've seen other topless shows on the strip like Crazy Girls,  but Fantasy felt classier.Fantasy uses the same stage that host CarrotTop, so feel free to use this joke as you are exiting the theater "Man, CarrotTop's show has really changed for the better."
3	Fantasy was not a disappointment, Although I did expect cuter girls.
4	The show was great! Entertaining, beautiful girls, host was a great singer and the comedian was HILARIOUS!!!! I would not see it a second time and probably would not be giving it 4 stars had we not gotten the 2 tickets for $75 deal. If we had paid full price I would be giving it 3 stars because...... the show was way too short! I think there could have been a few more acts. It felt like it was just getting started by the time it was over. Besides that it was really very classy!
4	So I got asked if I wanted to see the O show or the Fantasy Show. I could tell from their faces that they wanted to see topless girls so I agreed to go to the Fantasy Show because I'm not a prude. You know what? I really did enjoy this show. It was tastefully done and not trashy as I thought it would be. These girls were so beautiful and so mesmerizing throughout their performance. I'm not a lesbian but this show has made me become bi-curious? Okay, not really but I have to admit they were sweet eye candy.The host/singer has an amazing voice and she kept everyone entertained. She had some of the audience participate in singing, which was awesome because some of them sounded like a dying cow. Lol.I didn't get to see Sean E. Cooper but they had Lisa Sundstedt (from Chelsea Lately and appeared on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno) take his place. She was so friggin' hilarious. I couldn't stop laughing at her jokes. :)Some of the guys in the audience act like they've never seen naked chicks in their lives. When they see topless girls...they start going crazy by hooting, hollering, and making disgusting comments. Seriously, those perverts need to go to a strip club instead of coming to this show because they're ruining it for the people who sit next/close to them.Anyways, you guys should definitely go to this show if you're not embarrassed or ashamed of seeing half naked girls. Ladies, you should be a good sport and bring your guys here for some entertainment. ;)
1	My husband and I have seen a few other adult shows in Vegas and this show is the only one that seemed sleazy and made me uncomfortable.  That was mainly the fault of the crowd, though.  Normally the adult shows we've been to like Peepshow and Crazy Horse are attended by couples who are respectful and well mannered during the show. At Fantasy, the crowd consisted of college-aged guys wearing caps, t-shirts, shorts, and sandals.  These guys were poorly mannered and whistled, made cat calls, and shouted inappropriate things.  I felt as though I were at a really trashy strip club. As for the show itself, if wasn't worth the money and I recommend seeing any of the other adult shows instead of this.  Try Peepshow which was far more entertaining and sexier.  The Fantasy show was boring and the dance numbers all seemed the same.  It was always the group of girls dancing together and they didn't even seem that talented and were never in sync.  In fact, one girl was always a full beat ahead of everyone else.  The host of the show was a female singer who was filling in for the main girl who was not there.  She really wasn't that good of a singer and at times the entertainment was to sit and watch her sing a full song. In the middle of the show a comedian came out and even though there were some funny moments, I found it odd that a comedy show had to be inserted into an adult show.  His routine was full of crude humor and just so you know, don't sit in the first chunk of seats which I think are the first 4 or 5 rows unless you want to be picked on.  A man in the front row was forced to go on stage and do some embarrassing stuff and a woman from the front row was forced to get physical with the male comedian.  Also, random guys from the first chunk of seats were forced to sing which was kind of awkward and embarrassing.After the show, as we were going through the exit doors, the dancers were waiting so you could take pictures with them and all the young guys stampeded in that direction totally clueless to the fact that they almost knocked several people down.This show was not sexy and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. Spend a little more money to see a quality adult show with talented performers and an audience that has some class.
5	Great show Sean Cooper is great.he should be in Movies or tv
4	We received free tickets to Fantasy thanks to a fellow Yelper. They were good tickets too--fifth row on the right side. We could have even had a center view because a good chunk of our row was empty in the middle, but we didn't bother to move.I wanted to see this show mostly because of Lorena Peril. I've heard her sing the national anthem before at a UNLV Runnin' Rebel game and at the Las Vegas Great Santa Run. She has an impressive singing voice and she did not disappoint. She does a terrific job of hosting the show.Of course, people come to see the hot ladies wearing barely anything. I honestly didn't even realize it would be a topless show. The girls are all very talented at what they do, but I wasn't sure if I could be entertained for 90 minutes just watching them.That's where the comic relief steps in. Sean E Cooper is funny, as well as a skilled impressionist. I think he went on a little too long and he even came back several times. It's not supposed to be the Sean E Cooper show! Bring back the girls already.Overall, I was entertained. Four titillating stars.
4	This was a really good show I saw at the Luxor.I went to admire the beautiful women but I ended up appreciating the singing and the comedian more. The show has a nice  pace  to it and was very entertaining.I would go again. The meet and greet after the show was fun and they allow pictures.
2	We have seen many "sexy" and "Adult orinted" shows in Vegas - Jubilee,Zumanity, O, Crazy horse (not sure why it was ended - it is THE show I would tell producer of "Fantasy" go and take note from.)The show starts with girls dancing and everything looking AWESOME, they are dancing etc.. then..BAAAMM a black comedian Sean E. Cooper comes on state and TOTALLY KILLS the mood..We felt like DJ abdruptly ended a sexy, evolving music and put on some hip-hop S%&^T.. Seriously, He went on for 1 HOUR!!! doing his thing and off color jokes about slapping chocolate etc..In any case is supposed to be SEXY FANTASY SHOW and NOT A SEAN E. COOPER show!!!  Producer are you crazy??Then he came back AGAIN!!!He totally killed the erotic mood !!
5	Fantastic Show with Lorena Peril!This is a typical Show-Girl show of Las Vegas in Luxor resort & hotel at the south strip. I am a great fan of the enchanting Lorena Peril. Nobody on this planet can sing "It's A Man's World" better than She.Unfortunately one have to wait in line for picking up the ticket, while the show might start.
5	5? yeah 5!! Ok, I'm a bit biased as thats my wife Lorena Peril with the mic. She's been the star of Fantasy for almost 3 years and counting. Amazing hosting skills come with her ability to give this burlesque sexy show a real feeling of inclusion. What does the mean? Well, first off she immediately insures that the ladies in the audience feel more welcome than the felluz. Using her wit and spontaneously unique approach to each nights crowd of first timers and regulars, it's a knock out performance. The perfect show for couples where as other similar shows in town seem far more antiquated. The dancers are of course very sexy and beautiful indeed. However Producer Anita Mann insures that the choreography and flow of the show are equally as tasteful. Sean E. Cooper is the secret weapon with his hilarious mid show appearance. Mixing his stand up comedic tallent with spot on impressions of favs like Sammy Davis, James Brown, and Michael Jackson. Later, he joins Lorena and shows off his vocal diversity once again for a clever rendition of Hips Don't Lie... And they don't.Don't believe me? Check it out for yourself.
1	This show wasn't what I expected; definitely not worth the time nor the money; even with a discount.Talent? I sure didn't really see much of it that night. All the dances were the same and not sensual at all with nudity within minutes of the show starting. Like what!? Start off slow for crying out loud! The girls were "okay" looking and the costumes didn't do much for me. Some girls were all into the dancing while others just went through the motion. Not to mention the synchronization of some were off as they were either too fast or too slow. The singing was okay but I think the small theater and sound system made some notes sound like nails on a chalkboard. Our singer that night wasn't the main girl who normally performs but she was cute and entertained well.The comedy relief was a nice unexpected touch as this portion of the event isn't advertised anywhere at the Box Office. I forget her name but she was the highlight of the entire show with spot on impersonations of celebrities; hilarious!! I remember she said she appeared on CHELSEA LATELY but sadly I can't remember her name. Sorry!!! Other than that, we were the first ones out the tiny theater and I actually didn't like the show at all. The choreograph was predictable and not sexy. The girls were pretty but I saw no talent. Maybe my definition of "talent" differs from others but what I saw sure wasn't talent. Oh yeah, the Latin rendition was the worst I've ever seen, next one is the pole dancing. Sure didn't expect what I saw. But kudos to them for taking their tops off infront of complete strangers but sorry; not my type of show. Should have done research and gone to Peepshow. Oh well.
3	It wasn't spectacular... Started 10-15 minutes late... The Comedian was the highlight of this show... I'm still googling her youtube videos with no luck... Some girls were really pretty but they weren't in sync much...
4	It's been since 2007 that I last saw Fantasy and I went back to see the show in its current form.  Fantasy remains one of those well done topless reviews on the Las Vegas Strip.  The format has remained the same--the entertainers have changed.Lorena Peril is leaving the show soon and she did not sing last night.  I did have the good fortune to see her at the Shimmer Cabaret in Sin City Bad Girls a few years ago so I wasn't disappointed.  The woman who sang last night was Lily, and she had a terrific voice.Another change, Sean E. Cooper was not in the show last night.  There was a female comic who did a few short pieces that were very funny.  I believe she was the same comic who opened for Carrot Top when I recently saw him.The show is very well done!  The ladies are very beautiful, their dancing is quite good, and their moves are suggestive enough to be titillating and should not be offensive to anyone.The show runs just about 65 minutes and it's one of those great Las Vegas shows that are a must see when you want a change of pace from Cirque.
5	More than a just a topless revue. Fantasy is an all around great show that is as entertaining as it is sexy. The new lead singer Jaime Lynch is seductive with a powerful voice. The comedian Sean E. Cooper was over the top hilarious. His routine was funny and flowed really well. Sit in the front row and you may become the star of the show. The dancers of course are the main attraction. I went on a Friday night and the eight dancers were Mariah, Soolin, Danielle, Tracey, Ashton, Sonya, Yesi, and Isabella. They were all talented and very beautiful. My favorites were Mariah (hot), Soolin (hotter), Danielle (hottest). They looked good with their clothes on, after they take off their tops, forget about it. The theater has great sight lines and is not that big. I sat in row F center and had a great view. After the show you can get signed calendars and take pictures with all the cast. If you see one adult show in Vegas, this is definitely the one to go to.
4	With Crazy Horse Paris (please come back please???) and Peepshow no longer in Vegas, Fantasy is currently the best female topless show on the strip and it's not even close. I always go into these topless shows prepared to be disappointed and usually come out pleasantly surprised. It might be the boobs (wild guess).  That was certainly true in this case.  The new host and singer, Jaime Lynch, did a solid job and sang great.  The girls were a lot hotter overall than the ones in Peepshow and even danced/performed better too.Sean E. Cooper for comic relief was terrific.  It's interesting how he gets just as much attention as anything else in the show based on reviews and everyone that wanted to meet him after the show.  It's well deserved.  He's even the main picture on the Yelp page for a topless female show!  WTF?  When is he getting his own show?
4	Myself and the group I went with really liked this show!!  Of course the boobs made it great.  The main singer was really good. She did a great job interacting with the crowd.  And the comedian was hilarious, I think he may have been my favorite part!!  The venue is pretty small so I don't think there is really a bad seat.  We sat in the middle and could see very well.
5	"WTF?" was what I was repeating to myself when the girls came out. THEY Were SOOOO Freaking pretty. Put the hot girls back home to shame..Then during all this intense arousal you got this black dude come to the stage outta no where making my schlong shrivel faster than a slug after pouring salt on it. RANDOM AS FUK..but dude was funny as hell so not complaining.MY FAVORITE part for SURE was the singing. Think her name was Jamie. SHE WAS SO FUGGING GOOD. I had such a great time. I wished it was longer...
2	Sorry, I was not that impressed!  The girls are pretty, but they were not so entertaining! Ok so you have different talent....wft (Nasty Girls Song) big deal with the boring bed act.  The pole dancer needs more acrobatics!  The curtain act was the best and that could use some help also. AMEN FOR THE COMEDIAN WHO SAVED THE DAY! Don't loose him, if you do your show will sink!
5	Great show.  Very entertaining.  My husband and I have seen it twice.  The current singer is Jaime Lynch who is fantastic, but we LOVED Lorena Peril.  Sexy, funny and entertaining.  This is what VEGAS is all about.
4	The show girls all have amazing bodies and they are very talented! I enjoyed this show very much! The singer-Jamie Lynch was awesome and the comedian-Sean Cooper was soooo funny and hilarious! Hahaha! The only negative thing, maybe for guys, is that the comedian maybe takes away too much time of the show for jokes, which means less show time for the girls. But for me, it was fun! The theatre is small, so there are no bad seats!
5	It probably goes without saying, but the girls were lovely and very good dancers. The singer was also very good. But the biggest surprise was the comedian. I'll admit I was somewhat surprised to see him at first and initially felt like this was turning into a different show than what we had paid for, but he was really funny. In fact, we very nearly left because of an extremely rude man in the audience who was eventually escorted out and I was in a really bad mood over his antics -- we actually missed a few routines because of him -- but the comedian really turned the rest of the evening around.Even though my experience wasn't what it should've been, I think the show is a good one, and I'd like to go back and see it again.
5	+1.  This show has actually managed to get exponentially better since it opened over a decade ago.  The girls are ten times hotter, the numbers are ten times better, Sean has really got his mojo going, the show is just plain amazing and incredible.  I won't out her, but one of the dancers just made Playboy.  The quality of the dancers is off the charts.  This is possibly the best show for the guys on the Strip now.
5	Great show! The ladies were beautiful and super talented. The hostess was a wonderful singer and the comedian in the middle of the show had me rolling in my seat.
3	This show wasn't incredible but wasn't horrible either. The girls were definitely beautiful. Some of the dancing wasn't the best and a few of the girls seemed off-key at times. I saw a few people say that they loved the singer but I completely disagree. She was pretty good for a lounge singer but I would have expected better for a show like this. Her voice pretty much fell apart by the end of the show also.The comedian that came on out of nowhere in the middle was funny but his part seemed to drag on forever. The audience interaction seemed staged and they only involved one couple (the guy in particular). If they would have picked a few more people it may not have seemed so premeditated. I probably wouldn't ever see this show again but if I knew a couple that wanted to see something adult oriented in Vegas I might have them put this one on their list (only if they are going to see several shows).
5	I will see this show every time I come to Vegas. Last night was my second time & just as fun as the first time.
5	The only way you can't like this show is if you don't like looking at sexy females. The show is good for going with a date as well and everything was entertaining with a very sexy singer that could actually sing. The theatre is small and everyone had a great time. I went a few months ago with a female comedian that was funny as hell. All adult humor with sexual content. Fun show with sexy women....what else do you want in las vegas. No tips needed for this show.....better seats are the first three rows but all the seats are decent and I've been to the show 3 times with friends and family. If you want to see just the girls go to treasures but it's not going to cheap by any means. FUN.
2	I saw this show after seeing X Burlesque at the Flamingo the previous night.  I would say it's OK, but not worth the price.  I was in the second row luckily, but I doubt the people in the way back could see much.  It's theater style seating, with long curved rows that keep rising as you go back.  The stage was pretty large, and had a large backdrop curtain, which looked nice.  Fantasy is definitely more of a stage-show production than X Burlesque with the hostess doing lots of live singing.. and she's a great singer, but I didn't really like most of the songs (like Roxanne and kinda lame rock medleys).  But she was great with the audience, asking who's having anniversaries, birthdays, etc.  For me though, I could do without the signing and the plugs for Fantasy being rated #1 by Blabiddy Blah or which one of them was in last year's Sports Illustrated Swimsuit edition.  Also, at the end of the show as we were walking out, the girls were already lined up to sell autographed memorabilia.. I know we gotta get that $$ and all, but having some taste is important too.The girls were, of course, stunning and very talented dancers.  However the comedian got way too much stage time and wasn't all *that* funny.  I mean, if you're black and you joke about being black constantly throughout the show, chances are, you'll make a room full of drunk white partiers laugh.  But they had him keep coming back out on stage to either tell more jokes or dance with them (dressed as a woman, which was just weird, sorry).  He also was a talented singer and dancer (did a good Michael Jackson routine), but eh.. not that funny.
5	Amazing. Amazing. Amazing!!! If I wasn't cracking up by the comedian, I was delightfully entertained by the tasteful, sexy and very talented show that these women put on! I went with my boyfriend and I think I actually had a better time than he did.. Hah okay maybe not ;-)This show isn't just a bunch of girls shaking what their mama gave them. They actually go up there and perform acrobatic acts, themed dance routines, etc. The other thing I loved about this show was that there were women of all sizes.. meaning it wasn't a group of women with ONLY fake boobs. I have to say one of my favorite parts of the show was the comedian. .I'm bummed that I forgot his name already! He will have you on the floor with his silly-ness.  LOL.Ladies- Go with your guy, you won't be disappointed ! I promise you its clean, classy fun!Men- Take your girl but don't get too googly eyed ! HahaFYI's:1. There is only one bar outside the showroom so get your drink before you go in!2. They offer a buy one get one FREE as a "locals" discount! Thankfully, my cousin lives in Vegas so she purchased me front center tickets for only $70 after tax! Such a steal of a deal and SO worth my money! Enjoy!
5	Awesome show!!!!! The girls were very beautiful and did a great job at dancing. Also the guy was super funny!!!!! I'm glad we went to the show and it wasn't too long either. Also it wasn't trashy the girls were very sexy and it kept me interested to see their amazing talent. Too bad the night we went it was one of the girls last night to perform because she was super Hott!!
4	Great show!  Don't sit in first 2-3 rows or you'll be face level with a ton of theatrical smoke.  The show is really good and the comedian is really funny.  Girls are beautiful and great dancers.
4	Really great show! The host Llily was a fantastic singer and good host and the girls were amazing. They were beautiful and very talented. It is a very intimate theater so there is not really a bad seat. If I had it to do over again I might sit a couple rows back just so I didn't have to crane my neck but by sitting in the front row I got to interact with one of the dancers so I can't complain too much. This is not a trashy show by any means, it just a fun night with beautiful very talented girls! I would definitely recommend this show to a friend. Danielle was my favorite but they are all amazing!
4	So often I'm doing the family thing in Vegas, it was nice that I finally got to have a guys weekend with my bud.  Time to get away from all the family activities and put the sin back in sin city.  What to do, what to do?  Nudity was on the agenda, but I'm so over strip joints.  Vegas has so many ways to take your money, strippers bothering me for lap dances isn't high on my list.  "Hi where you from, first time in Vegas?  You having fun?  What do you do for a living....etc.."  Blah Blah Blah, if I wanted some chick to talk my ear off all night, I'd stay home with my wife.  Plus when I moved from South Florida to Los Angeles 10 years ago and ventured into a few west coast strip joints, I learned very fast that Florida is the strip joint capital of the world.  What the heck are all these rules out west?  No full nudity if they sell alcohol?  You can't touch the girls?  What?  Pasties?  Are you effin kidding me?  After you've been to Mons Venus in Tampa - all these other joints are a joke, including one I went to in Vegas a few years back.Hmm a topless show, now that sounds interesting, and an old fashioned Vegas staple at that.  A fixed price to see some boobs, under the guise of song and dance.  I'm a patron of the arts, why not.  Yelp turned me on to Fantasy at the Luxor and once again helped a brother out.  Song, Dance, some gymnastic moves, a cirque du soleil type act, a comedian who never lets you forget he's a black guy, and most importantly.....Boobs!I thought they did a very good job of mixing up the acts even with only a limited cast with very similar body types.  Hey they're dancers, that's what you are going to get, all natural and in shape.  Who can complain.  The only thing that bummed me out was that the main star of the show, Jamie Lynch, never takes it off.  What?  I kept expecting it to happen.  I thought for the final act at the end, her top would come off.  After all I've been staring at her flirty outfits all night. What no reward!  I know there's no sex in the champagne room, but really?  A star of a strip tease show that doesn't strip?  They have to lose a star for me on that one.  Not that the other girls weren't good eye candy.  My friend tried to defend it as, but she is too good of a singer to go topless.  I'm not buying that.  It's a big world out there, and I'm sure they can find someone who looks good, can belt out a tune, and is willing to show some boobs.Now it didn't stop us from having good time, and I thought it made for a great alternative to the usual strip joint.  There's plenty of show in the show to take your lady and there were many couples there.  In fact if you are only going there to ogle at some ladies, perhaps you may be disappointed.  Once the comedian comes out, he pretty much takes over the rest of the show and there's only a few more topless acts after that.  I guess you've seen all the ladies by then anyway.  At least he's a decent comedian, who works the crowd pretty well.   If Jamie Lynch ever decides to take it off, someone message me, and I'll be back on my next Vegas trip.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fantasy-las-vegas?select=DPxs_CG0wOhcWBDF8istsg#O1Kpk73cyR6N9uCoJycm8g
4	The girls are gorgeous and athletic. The hostess is also a great singer but not quite silicone free.For me, the real star of the show is the comedian. He was hilarious in his ad libbing with audience members and his Michael Jackson impression was spot on, albeit a little creepy.
2	I don't understand all the hype!  I thought that the stripping was not very sexy - but that's ok as it was entertaining.  The lead singer was amazing - an excellent singer and great hostess! I found the comedian to be overly crude and un-funny.  I am not prudish, but did not appreciate his humor. Overall, it was somewhat ok, but I felt like it was WAY overpriced, and a big let-down.  Without the extensive involvement of the comedian, I would have liked this show more, I think - but it is still way too expensive for a rather poor show.
5	My husband and I went to see this show - we are in our early 30's. I didn't have high expectations, but this show was pretty darn good. The comic was funny, the girls were really beautiful, and the singer was great. The nudity and dances were tasteful and not vulgar. We both enjoyed it. It's a great value. See it!!
5	Excellent show, basically what Vegas should be all wrapped up in one affordable show.Some awesome singing, dancing, joking, and acrobatics all in one show. The head 'misstress' can friggin sing with some serious talent, the comedian was friggin hilarious, the girl on the aerial silks and the other on the pole were both awesome and very talented, and of course tons of choreography with a hint of a naughty-side (this is a topless show, I actually didn't even know that before we bought the tickets). Very tasteful though, wife and I had an excellent time, lots of couples there, and everyone seemed to have an excellent time.Hands-down, if you're not a total prude, you're not with little ones at this hour, you should go see this show. We get super-lucky going on a Thursday, we showed up like 2 minutes before it started (we were eating nearby, we just went to the Luxor for the Titanic exhibit, hadn't even heard of this show before), and we got excellent seats in the third row (it's a small auditorium anyways) for a fraction of the cost of any other 'major' shows (I think, with the M-Life card, it came to $70 for the two of us).This was probably the highlight of our entire (short) trip.Pro-tip: After the show, the laddies will sign calendars and talk and whatnot, don't stand way back and just gawk, it's rude and sad, go up and talk to them, they're nice people. I'm socially awkward and don't usually initiate things, but it was pretty sad to see this huge group of people all standing like 10 feet back just staring at the girls like they're animals at a zoo so I went up, bought a calendar and talked to them a little bit; it actually reminded me moreso of a middle-school dance, it was weird.
3	Show was very entertaining for a showgirl show. A lot of the music on the single performances were a bit slow and kinda put me to sleep. Favorite was the aerial act with sonya!!! If it wasn't for Sean E. Cooper, i would have never woken up, especially his michael jackson impersonation. The women were gorgeous!!!
5	Saw this show on 9/28/2014. Really enjoyed it. Definitely got my money's worth. High-intensity singing, dancing, and comedy. A genuine Las Vegas show.
3	Good show but seems short, about 1 hour. Feels like i was on a cruise ship except they show tits. Comedian is funny. Was looking for something more sexier.
4	Sean was the best part of the show for sure. I would not go there again, it's pretty much a strip dance. If not for Sean and girl on curtains I would give this shot not any more than 2.5 stars
3	The price was good, but the seats were so small. I was by myself and rubbing elbows with strangers was uncomfortable. The show was a strip tease dance, which was just allright. There was only 2 girls that peaked my interest, but the rest were just okay. Sean the comedian made the show much better, he was hysterical. Not sure if I would recommend, definitely would not go again
2	The show was not worth the cost and forgettable. The girls were very pretty. The dance acts were technically good but was overall generic and soso. I remembered the comedy act the best, how ever that was the worse part of the show. It felt like it was a typical comedy show, with burlesque on the side...if it cost less...maybe it deserves another star.
3	This show was okay. It's exactly what you'd expect. It's just too bad that it's not my taste. It was 8 girls that danced choreographed to different songs. Since it's suppose to be a "fantasy" the girls danced to tease. It is a topless show. That's pretty much what is to be expected.  The hostess for the night, Lilly RC had an amazing voice. I did like her different outfits. They also had a co-host comedian who was pretty funny. This just wasn't my cup of tea. One of the girls, Isabella did an amazing acrobatics with curtains. That was the best part of the show! The girls do let you take pictures with them after the show.
5	Awesome show, hot ladies, great singing and funny comedian.  Hubby and I had such a great time, so glad we found this show!
4	I'd do 5 stars but that's for a show with pyrotechnics and 20 or more stars. So, solid 4. Nothing wrong with this show. Everyone who complained is an old man with shrunken hoohaas. I was the only one cheering (and my drunken friend) and we had a ball!
5	A MUST show. Girls are very talented. The black guy is very hilarious. Me and my gf both want to watch it next time back to vegas.
4	Fun show - comedic relief was great - not raunchy - good to go with a spouse that's not too uptight.  Girls were pretty but a little out of synch - may have been the only guy watching to notice that.
