2	Last Friday night was a real mess in Old Town Scottsdale.  Something was in the air.  I felt like every place I went to was in the process of kicking some guy out or had someone handcuffed on the ground out front. In our attempt to get away from the drunk fight club members, my friend remembered that Revolver was opening Friday night and we decide to check it out.  First, I love the name.  I'm sorry, but that is a damn great name if you ask me.  Unfortunately, that is pretty much all I loved about it. The line was ridiculous.  Fortunately, my friend always seems to have some sort of random connection and he got us in rather quickly.  Inside, the place looked exactly like Six, but with a different color scheme.  I never liked Six, so that was a huge disappointment.  It was also 90 degrees in there.  Everyone was sweaty, including myself. It was extremely crowded at the bar and I received zero attention from the bartenders.  I finally decided to just leave because the last thing I wanted was to sip vodka in a sauna with a bunch of other sweaty people.  It was uncomfortable.  A friend mentioned, on our way out, that the air broke.  So, I'm sure the sweat lodge environment wasn't created on purpose.  If you liked Six, you will like Revolver.  It is the exact same thing.  Changing out the artwork and a new coat of paint does not a new club make.  I am just so disappointed.  With a name like Revolver, I expected more.Also, I saw a guy get thrown out of Revolver as I walked past it later in the night.  This was after I got into my own tiff with my best friend.  I can't stand when drunk people yell and get all dramatic in public (well, I love to watch, but I don't like being involved in it), so we ended up going our separate ways for the rest of the night.  I decided to stay in the next day, on Saturday night, because there was some serious bad juju out that weekend.
3	I found myself back at Revolver on Thursday night.  I immediately began to feel guilty for being so quick to judge. I had a lot more fun this time around.  I think I will stick to weekday nights at Revolver and let the amateurs have the weekend.  Oh, who am I kidding?  I am totally still an amateur.Anyway,  I continue to think the best thing about Revolver is the name, but it at least deserves an A-OK rating.
5	I have been here several nights since it reopened as Revolver and I've had so much fun. I love how open the space is now, much better than Six. Great bartenders and servers. Definitely worth checking out!
5	I went for the first time on Friday since it was SIX and loved it!  I had a table with a large group of people and it was a bit pricey (2 bottles of Goose for $550) but too bad from other bars i have been to-pluss we hardly ever had to wait for our server to come and check on us to make sure we were doing okay and pour us some more drinks-the service was awesome and so was the DJ...i would definitely go back.I would recommend if you don't have a table to go between 10-10:30 because after that the line is INSANE.  in between that time there wasn't anyone at the door-so go early.
3	Beautiful renovations! So open and modern. Haven't drank there yet was at Revolver for Old Town's Diamond Dash event on Saturday, as the after party was there. Staff was nice and umm BEAUTIFUL! Seriously don't go there if your self esteem isn't rocking that day! The bartenders are wearing vests as tops with pants. They are all so skinny and tan! Old Town for you I guess. I'll edit once I go back for a drink during normal business hours.Went back on a Thursday Night and got bottle service. Sadly the place was not busy. I really wanted to dance, but would have been the few on the dance floor. Didn't have any liquid courage because I was DD that night so I just stayed in our area. Bummer.
4	I had no idea that this is where Six used to be. I suppose this is due to the fact that I am directionally impaired and my memory is horrible. However, I have to say that I enjoyed it thoroughly when I went Friday night. The crowd is young and good looking, which is a given if you frequent Old Town. The drinks err on the expensive side, but that's also a given if you're in Old Town...If you're disgusted by the prices, just think of Vegas and you'll be satisfied. Anyway, the music is the one thing that I enjoyed. Although the club was crowded, I loved dancing to the beats. Usually, in my opinion, it is a hit or miss in regards to the DJ. I didn't lose interest in dancing, which is what I usually do within five minutes...and even in less of a time frame when I'm sober. I liked it. Although I don't go to Scottsdale frequently, due to the distance, I will definitely check it out again the next time I'm in that part of town.
4	Awesome remodel from Six to Revolver. The floorplan makes so much more sense now!! The music is much better now with the DJ booth sitting high above the club... Still not enough bar space as always, and good luck trying to get a decent drink, its obvious the vodka is watered down...cant mistake the tasty pang of good old Arizona water pipes...The bartenders are NOT nice...The owners go above and beyond like every other club to hire good looking sluts...problem is they are normally trashed and could care less about making a good rapport with the clientele....same with the door guys...you never know what you will find..they either are laid back and chill or they act like a reject off Reno 911 or dog the bounty hunter...HUGE improvement from SIX tho..hopefully they will get some more big name DJs and stop scamming on the drinks.  You are guaranteed to find a "black light honey" in this place....
4	Much improved post SIX! Not a complete remodel but definitely approve of how they opened the space up and most importantly got rid of the black toilets in the bathrooms!
4	A group of us girls came here for a bachelorette party last weekend and it was pretty fun. We got there around 9pm and it was dead (we were the first to arrive). It steadily got busier and was packed when I left around 11pm. We had a table and split a bottle between the 7-9 of us. The servers were awesome. The girls steadily visited our table and made sure our glasses were full. They constantly checked on us and I noticed that was pretty consistent at the surrounding tables. I only had one drink but damn, she made that drink stiff! I had to keep adding juice to it to dilute it. But hey, the stiff drinks were welcome for rest of the girls and guest of honor! The crowd was decent and music good. One douchebag started giving my girl a hard time about getting married but hey, there is a drunk asshole in every crowd, right? Other than that, I thought Revolver was pretty cool. Great decor...I dug it.
4	I really enjoyed getting into the old stomping grounds and checking out what they have changed and what they had not.It truly shows the the new ownership spent a ton of time at the place prior to the redesign.  The new design opens up the bar and really makes it feel like there are more people hanging out.Not only has the place been packed with tons of good looking people, every time I have been in there celebs abound.  It's truly an amazing place to go for a few cocktails.  It blends in with the newest trends of formal, yet casual.  Gone are the days of the Scottsdale uniform (Button Up, Blazer, Jeans, and Nice Shoes), and in are the days of the casually hip.  Not that the people look like trash, but it is definitely a more laid back environment.  Can't wait to go back soon!!
4	I like.I thought the DJ played super fun dancable songs.I thought I fit in with the crowd quite well (young, attractive, yes I'm not modest)The drinks were STRONG... so I didn't spend as much dough as expected.Stupid lines for the bathrooms though.... I had to wait soooooooo long.Loved it.  Will be back.
4	I had the pleasure of hanging out at Revolver this past weekend and man was it a good time. When we first got there it was a little dead however it didn't stay that way very long. It was like one minute it was just a few people, I turned my back and had a fabulous drink and the next thing I knew this place was jammed packed. We had a couple of issues at the bar with the bar hops pouring out our drinks before we were finished and pretending like they didn't know what we were talking about. That irked me to know end and they really need to work on that. If my drink is half full, that does not mean throw it out. We did have a very friendly bartender, who's name escapes me right now. I will say she was the most friendly of them all, unlike a few others who made if seem as if they were doing the customers a favor by getting them their drinks. The drinks that they were paying for. Just wow.... Anyway the DJ was on point. I mean he was jamming from the time we got there until the time we left. We couldn't stop dancing all night. So aside from a few hiccups the club was pretty cool. If you have to go to the bathroom go early because just like the wait outside the club, the lines get crazy after about midnight. PS. I will definitely be back again soon!
5	One word description? WOW. This place blew me away, a friend turned me onto it. Atmosphere very classy and upscale, nice use of space, impressive wood flooring & bar setup. Lighting appropriate, music didn't blow out my eardrums.We had the wine/bottle service and private seating and that was a very enjoyable experience. Staff very attentive to my every need.Music -thank you, 80s,90s, modern, songs you can really DANCE to. Big for me in an era where people just want to get drunk for drunk's sake and don't really dance anymore.Went on a Thursday night, so actually had room to manuever/roam about.Revolver - I will be back with more friends next time . Please keep doing what you're doing
3	Recently went to Revolver (the old SIX) with another couple (all late 20s/early 30s) and had mixed feelings. The line was long with a very "bridge and tunnel" feeling mix of people and once inside it was packed - like, can't breathe, can't get a drink and forget about going to the bathroom - kind of packed. Maybe I'm just getting old, but I wasn't into that. As for the music, it was good but a little aggressive. You'd hear the standard sing-a-longs, mixed in with some La Roux, then Daft Punk and then like heavy metal. It was very odd to me. We were in the mood to dance, which you couldn't at Revolver because it was so crowded, so we took off.Overall, not bad but quite the scene - and an interesting one... the kind that's trying just a little tooooo hard.
3	My best and I came to Revolver last night after getting a face book message informing us of a $2 martini special for ladies until midnight. $2 martini? Christ I could stand just about any environment for that....sign me up :). I was pleasantly surprised however, that it wasnt as club-y as i thought it would be! The DJ had a great mix of music going on, tying in some 80's and 90's with current stuff. The staff was nice, but a little to "scottsdale pretty" for me. Not a ton of personality or conversation skills, but nice enough i spose. The martini's themselves were just ok, nothing special, but i spose thats what you get for $2. Overall it was pretty decent experience, and Id probably go back.
3	Went back to revolver with the girls on saturday night, and we had a table. A few friends of ours met up there and they had a table as well, and given that it was saturday night the place was packed. I felt like even though it was packed, there was still some breathing room and we could still walk around without a problem. The service was a little slow, but I suppose that's understandable given how many people were there. All of the staff were very friendly, and the music was dance-able. I wasnt enamored with the place, but I had a good time.
3	Revolver Lounge aka 6 Lounge - At least this place changed the interior instead of keeping the same look and calling it a different place.  When it was 6 Lounge there was a hugh divide between rooms - I think it was cool people on the right and non-cool people on the left.....hmmm...never made it to the cool people room awww tear drop.  Well Revolver integrated the two rooms making it more spacious Yah! I'm cool now!  Music was decent, nothing I can complain about.  Waitresses were hot, but I gather it's a business standard.  Would I return...not sure it's my cup of tea, but only per request or special occasions to spot a douche or two just for kicks - enjoy!
3	lounge and bar atmosphere...fun place for drinks, not much for dancing really.  I liked my cocktail but wasn't a huge fan of the people in there to be completely honest-I know revolver can't control that-but typical scottsdale scene so if you're not in the mood to push through the crowds and be shoulder to shoulder with bleach blonde girls and muscled out boys this is the place to be.
3	Went here for the first time last night. There wasn't much dancing, but WOW this is definatley the place if you are looking to hook up!! The music isn't loud so everyone is talking normally and flirting by the bar. They should change their name to the HOOK UP LOUNGE. lol If your looking to leave with someone and not chase girls while yelling in her ear the whole night......come here. I guarantee it'll better your chances 100-1!
4	Good time. Good drinks. Very "Scottsdale." Unless you want to wait in line get there early. All in all I would recommend Revolver Lounge, for sure.
4	Okay, let me start by saying I have a love-hate relationship with going out in Scottsdale (the parking, the obnoxious drunk people, the obnoxious sober people...bleh). Yeah, so now that THAT'S out of the way...This was sooooooo fun! It was my friend's birthday, had a party of about 20 or so birthday revelers, so we did the whole table/bottle service thing, and the service was pretty awesome. Nice strong drinks, attentive server, etc. I also love that they are located next to the parking garage/valet because when you're rocking 4 inch heels the LAST thing you want to do is walk for 3 blocks. $10 and you don't have to drive around in circles, LOVE THAT!The only drawback of the evening (other than the slightly smarmy, uber-grabby guys) was the bathroom situation. Despite our saavy schmoozing to get moved up in the line, the bouncer/potty-attendant/tough guys said some jackhole put paper towels or something in several of the bathrooms and we'd be better off going next door to (the name escapes me, maybe it was Mulligan's?) So off we strutted to use the neighbors bathroom, and that was a surprisingly simple process. Guess they are used to these sorts of things. So yeah, the music is decent, nice mix of well-groomed people, dancing, prancing, frolicking and partying like it's 2010...oh and NO BROKEN ANKLES THIS WEEKEND! (*shaking my fist at 'The Living Room' @ The W'*) HOORAY! I like it waaaaaaay better than Six.
4	This is the old club 6. Friday nights would be the best night to go I think. Mixed crowd and music is not too bad. Saturdays here are a total different atmosphere with not so much of variety types of music. Overall this is one of the places I would choose to go out at over most of the clubs in the area.
4	I love this lounge, very elegant, pretty roomy and great crowd for a Thursday night.  It wasn't too crowded which I love. I might have to say it's 95% mi trang :-). The best thing of the night was the dj. It was the best mix of music I have ever heard with trance, house, oldies, hip hop, R&B, you name it. I had a blast!! Wish my girls were there.
5	Very classy club (for Old Town standards at least). Great DJ and music is sick!No cover.This could be one of coolest places to be if you want to have a great time and party. A must see!
3	Revolver took me my by surprise. I was apprehensive when friends said they wanted to party here; but thirty minutes after our arrival I was digging it.No cover and fancily dressed door men welcomed us with a smile and wished us a good time. A raised DJ booth greets you near 30 feet from the entrance and you have the choice of two lounge spaces or an enticing dance floor. We inched our way to the main bar and ordered (2) Red Headed Sluts, (1) Seven & Seven and (1) Vodka & Grapefruit = $28 + $5 tip... Either I'm an alcoholic or I'm used to BS West serving stiff drinks but we decided to drink beer the rest of the night because the bartender must've made our drinks with bottom shelf booze and mixed it with tap water.  Revolver is an open venue with plenty of seating and even more room to dance. Stay away from the seating near the bathroom. The traffic is ridiculous and if you don't like to be pushed then you'll want to order VIP or find another seat. Once 11:30 rolled around the crowd didn't stop growing, when we left at midnight, there was a line down the street (even in the rain).Flat screens above the bar areas played artsy but dark images, with minimalist 'artwork' hanging on the main walls they are large and unique enough to give this lounge a sophisticated Western feel. Think, John Wayne but if John Wayne had been born in 1986 and this was his way of coming out.The crowd was a blend of attractive mid-twenties to slightly pathetic thirty year olds. Minorly douchey but not to the point where you feel like YOU have roid rage. Lots of sausage here so if you're a girl looking to hook up, you have an eclectic group of some-hot-some-not to choose from. Unfortunately, there were very few pretty girls so if you're a guy sniffing out tail- you best hope your goggles are on good and tight because when you wake up you're going to want to chew your arm off (Coyote Ugly reference!) Not saying every girl in the joint was a grenade but it was slim pickings. In the gay scene we have a rule that you don't make eye contact with somebody if you don't want to hook up. I got that same kind of feeling here. I feel sorry for anybody that didn't get laid because it wreaked of one night stands.  Revolver has what I like to call a Golden Ticket item: music. I don't need to be drunk to dance and my boyfriend sometimes does. If the music makes my boyfriend want to dance after two beers then I'm sold! The music transitioned from early 00's hip hop like Chris Brown "Run It" to some serious hard house remixes and old school trance. Needless to say, I went in with big hair and came out dripping wet. All in all, I unexpectedly enjoyed myself at Revolver. I have yet to find a lounge with as much sass as Revolver's got. Esthetically, this lounge is appealing to the senses. Whatever changes they made when this place was called Six were for the better. I look forward to going back but on a slower night in hopes that the dance floor isn't as crowded.namaste
4	Kind of a weird crowd last Friday night but the DJ was AMAZING. Really good mix of brand new and older songs. The place is pretty cool and there's a ton of room to dance. There's a few open table areas where you can hang out or rest your feet without having to buy a bottle. There were a ton of guys, we were definitely outnumbered, at least 4:1.
3	The decor is awesome! The music, ehh..I don't know if it was just a bad night but it was weird random stuff..I will go back though and give it another try :)
3	Celebrated part of my bday here over the weekend, my first experience at revolver. The atmosphere and decor is very nice, the music however was the downside. the lover reserved us a table for bottle service. service was good, and they actually don't lock the bottle top here so you can pour yourself a drink and not always have to wait for chick to come back around. We finished the bottle and ended up at another club to dance. Revolver was cool for a start of the night place and to get our drink on..but like i said the music was just not what we were looking for..and at the end of the night music is one of the key things to a good club..am i right or am i right??
3	Was bar hopping with a friend and dropped by this joint.  It was a Thursday night around 11 pm.  The place was dead.  There were only 30 or 40 people.  The design of the joint was pretty plain and uninspiring.  The DJ was pretty good and was the highlight of the visit.  We stayed a half hour or so because of him....but eventually got bored, so we left.Will have to come back on the weekend to check it out.Return Factor - 74%
3	The girls and I ended our night here last night. We got here about midnight, and there was no cover (because if there was, we wouldn't have gone.... *cough* myst *cough*). This place is super cute. I love the decor. It is also incredibly loud, but good for dancing. I only had one shot while here and it cost 7$ so pretty standard. This place had lots of interesting characters there last night.... not really the club's fault though, and someone threw up on the dance floor and no one cleaned it up, or even noticed..... but again, it's dark and crowded, so not really the club's fault either. I don't know that I'd call this place classy, but I'd come back here to go dancing again.
3	Great music and good drinks!  I've stopped here several times on bar hopping but we don't stay long.  I wish they would fix the floors!  I'm a girl!  I wear heels!  Your messed up floor is not heel friendly!  I've been to this bar so many times and I don't feel stable walking on the floor!  Its does get pretty crowded on the weekends.  I've never not had a great time here with friends.  I would recommend trying this place out on a weekend bar hop!
3	Revolver gets a visit from Lil T at least once a month, why? Because I don't really have too many other options for dance clubs in Old Town.  They play good music and the staff is nice, so there is not too much to complain about.  The bathroom doors were super cool back in 2000 when the club first opened (under a different name), just remember to lock the door.  Also, don't get too discouraged if you see a line, it usually moves pretty quick, and I think they do it purposely to make it look like it's the "place to be"... in reality there's plenty of room inside!
1	My wife and I arrived early to have a few drinks at the bar.  We were comfortably seated at the bar enjoying our drinks when a bar employee told us he needed our chairs.  When asked why, he stated he was removing the chairs to make more room at the bar.  I am not sure in what world removing two paying customers from their seats is considered good customer service.  Needless to say, we left and will not return.
4	Cool place. It's never been ridiculously crowded anytime I've gone. Plenty of room to shake your rump on the dance floor without bumping into anyone. And personally, I find that the bartenders here are much friendlier and attentive as opposed to any other Old Town club I have been to. Bathrooms and music here also were pretty sweet. Tip- ladies be on the lookout for their promoters, they give out free drink tickets. Sold!
4	Not a bad place to go for fun.  Two bars, large dance floors, lounge area, interesting looking restrooms.
3	Revolver deserves a 3.5 rather than a 3. This place, in my experience, can be a hit or miss, depending on the night. I do like the decor and the layout. It's fairly roomy. It has a good number of tables. One can find places to sit, even when it's packed. It has 2 bars. The DJ is situated across from the entrance, sort of between the two bars, with the dance floor seeming to be situated across from the longer bar, but it's more like people just dance where ever lol. I thought the music was hit or miss; it didn't really inspire much dancing from me. The drinks are good, but it can be a while before you can order at times. It's a good place to go to when you want a night out. Plus, there's no cover :)
5	Love this place. DJ's always really good, (mix house, hip hop, top 4 and some 80s rock!) drinks are strong and my favorite bartender Amber is always a joy! She really lights up the room! GM Jared always takes good care of me and my friends! Guaranteed always a good time. Not much of a dance floor, but we usually get Bottle Service anyway, and dance by our table!
4	DJ is playing good music from mix house to hip-hop and to some 80's rock. Their drinks are strong and their bartender brings such joys to the crowd. Some are celebrating their birthdays here or just celebrating their way of being happy. It's never a problem to get drinks. It's the happiest place on earth.
2	Arrived at 10:15PM, Saturday, no line and very few people inside, as expected. Valet is just the parking structure behind RR, costs $7 plus tip, very much worth the convenience. The decor of RR was appealing, dark and sultry with perfect lighting. Two bars on opposite sides of the small building with dance floors in between. I had relatively high hopes for RR, but I was disappointed with their poor cocktails (dirty martini, margarita, royal flush, red bull vodka). Maybe the worst margarita I've had  :-x  The bartenders weren't very friendly. The one and only chick had a very unpleasant pouty face, but whatever. A cool bartender usually adds to the quality of a bar, right? Lastly, the music pretty much sucked 70% of the time. Though there was a wide variety of songs from Biggies Hypnotize to LMFAO I'm Sexy and I Know It to Micheal Jackson. If I had to choose between The Mint or RR, I'd definitely go with The Mint. Better music, better drinks, better atmosphere. Awwwesome margarita, yum yum yum :)
3	Never had I ever club hopped so many clubs in one night. Scottsdale made it possible! This was our 3rd club of the night, and the only club that I noticed Asians here go to. The music was poppin' on Saturdays, but the dance floor wasn't. If only they had a bigger dance floor, it would have been one hell of a night. There are too many VIP tables... They need to re-adjust it and give up some peoples . Overall? it's eh
1	Will be another club in a month or so, bad club, bad music, watered down overpriced drinks.
3	I've been to Red Revolver on two separate occasions.  Both times were to celebrate a birthday on a Tuesday night.  The first time we had bottle service and a table.  The next time was just a stop thru after previous festivities.  It's a nice set up although I take issue with the large framed photo of the priest with the cross staring at you in the back of the lounge! Oh I can imagine the things he has seen LMAO!  We had a good time both times but ugh at all the west coast rap! Can we get a little variety???
1	This company is not run very well, it NEEDS TO PAY THEIR BILLS...enough said...
1	The worst club ever. Horrible!! Do not go here!! Bad service, pricey, and lame.
5	I recently went to Revolver on November 10th for my birthday.  I was greeted at the door very professionally.  I had bottle service so I had a separate entrance.  I was taken to my reserved area quickly.  Some of my guests arrived before me and they were able to get in and start without any hassle.  I believe the owner or the manager greeted me when I got in and came to me at the end of the night to shake my hand and thank me for coming.  Our server was Tiffany.  She was awesome!  The rule is to keep the bottle locked while at the table, but I never once had to look for her to get a drink.  She was very attentive and kept my guests and I very satisfied.  I, of course loved the special attention I got when she brought my subsequent bottles out, with the sparkles and the noise.  That is what bottle service is all about.  The music was really good.  I had a mixture of diverse people in my party and they played songs to fit any genera.The bathrooms were unusual with them being individual stalls that were unisex.  I really did not care for that, but know this was the original design of the space so can't really complain about something that can't be changed.  Just suggest that the trash be taken out on a more regular basis.       I have been to other places with bottle service, including Vegas, and I would say that this was the best experience I have had.It was classy, they were nice, they gave me a reasonable price per bottle, the crowd was respectful, and I would definitely be back and referring this place to my social circle.  Thank you,Vanessa
3	An attractively designed club with a poor layout, expensive bottle service and a mostly "young" crowd.  The first time I went here, my friends and I arrived around 1030 or 11, we left about 30 minutes after.  Albeit the appearance of this club as well as the service in it is upscale, the vibe of the place was "young".  If you're in your 30's you have to understand what I mean by a "young vibe".  The energy was exhausted with folks who have no personality or ability to mingle and who's idea of current events is "What's Kim K wearing today".  So,we left.I returned again recently some months later with a guy-friend and RR made a slight tick up in my opinion.  Perhaps, like Jamie Foxx says, I should blame it on the alcohol.  I dunno, but I had a great time.  My friend and I danced the entire time.  I mean from the start to the finish.  I think I danced out of the lounge.  In fact, I know there was a definite dance in my step when I left.  I read another reviewer's comment that the music wasn't great, on both nights I went, the music was similar and the music was a hip hop vibe and it was awesome.  I'm not sure if they describe themselves as a hip hop club, but that's what it seemed like to me.I don't mean to knock these types of clubs, because they make their money this way, but I really dislike the bottle service thing.  I think if you are getting bottle service and you're wearing 5 inch heels as I often do, you're happy.  But, if you're like me, too cheap to spend $600 on a bottle of booz and a seat, then you're probably hatin.... I definitely feel a little hateration going on!  hahaha!
1	This used to be my favorite spot in old town...and then suede closed...and now it can only be described in ONE word: GHETTO!
3	This is a place with decent service, a limited amount of choices of horrible ambiance. We  had fun, but it wouldn't be on my top 50 places list1
2	If you get a table here (like I did) don't. It was my birthday weekend, and a friend wanted to go here, so I was down. I had never been. I'm always up for trying new things. We both agreed to split the table. I was quoted on the phone 500 dollars, cool we put in our 250 and couple nights later I arrived. It was seriously NOT what I expected. I got there before everyone else, if you get a table you have to be there before I think 11pm or midnight. Ok so here is where things get weird. So I go in it's me and my BF, and on the phone the guy told me you get to bring 8 people with the table. So another friend shows up, I go get here and we are at 3 (you are included in the 8) another friend shows up and she brings 3 people with her... at the time they told me 2 people will have to pay because you only get 4-5 people with the table... please forgive me as I had a ton to drive that night so I'm going off estimate. I told the lady that one the phone he told me 8... we went back and forth.. all I remember is walking off because she was getting on my nerves and it was my birthday weekend. Anyway so they bring us the liquor with the girls and blah blah blah, and I really started to drink up. The vibe was WEIRD. I am going to be totally honest and blunt at this point. It was very ghetto, and for sure not what I am used to. I don't do these types of clubs. My friend recommended it to me, but I also have to remember she recommended I go to Pink Rhino and I did and it was as ratchet and ghetto as ever! I didn't know but about 2 songs at this club. I don't listen to hip hop like that outside of commercial or the stuff I may here such as Drake... and 2 chainz. I'm not a true hip hop fan so I can't tell you what's hot all I know is it was tons of black people and hip hop music. I am not prejudice! I am black myself, BUT I prefer a mix crowd, or a crowd where the music is TOP 40... Britney Spears, Rihanna, Katy Perry... Maroon 5, Fun, and just more pop. So yeah didn't like that but I was drunk and ready to have a good time anyway. If you have a table getting to the bathroom is a CHALLENGE and a HALF. You must walk through the crowd... then into a line as they have a few bathrooms and everyone uses it men and women. At the end of the night they charge you an extra 100 bucks for the tip... the girls did nothing... I just had two full bottles... and yeah it just wasn't my style for the amount we paid. I'm not going back ever. I didn't like how ratchet it was.
3	One of the less-bad clubs in the area. It's a little more lounge-like and chill. I suggest visiting with a group and to prearrange seating.
3	Hip Hop at its finest!
3	Having never been here before I didnt know what to expect. When we showed up, knowing we'd be on the list - the greeter said we wasn't and therefore had to pay cover. (Even if we were relatively early out, I must say.) When to the fairly rude girl, the manager showed up and pointed out that we were on the list. I give credit to the manager acting like a manager should. Nobody was dancing, nobody was mingling and the place sure wasnt empty. Maybe our entrance made the piano player take a break (the figurative piano player, mind you) because it wasn't exactly hoppin', if you catch my drift, but it has potential. People were drinking though, and still it was no direct line to get to the spotlessly kept bar. Maybe if I would have stayed longer this place could have made a more memorable impression. But the place is nice.. the VIP sections are cool off to the side, still within the desired visibility.. I can see that this is a decent option if going to one place and staying there is the plan of the night. The review could've ended here, but I have to mention one thing - the restroom. The restroom. I stepped into this little piece of David Lynch imagination due to the call of nature, and Holy Crapper, Batman - this was weird. Ok, so the men's room is as big as a normal handicap bathroom but with 3 added urinals. The toilet is still there, of course with no stall walls, door or anything. Still right there in the open, next to the only little sink, and by "next to" I mean literally next to. If this isn't weird enough, add a restroom attendant. So with me and the attendant (like 4 feet behind me) it's already crowded but leaves the philosophical (and optimistical) room for a few more. It's like having a urinal in an elevator. I'd feel less weird at a trucker stop off of Autobahn.
3	I was here on a Friday night and although it was packed only a quarter of the people were actually dancing. I mean if you're taking up room on the dance floor you might as well dance or move outside to the edge of the crowd. It makes it less appealing for the rest of us who want to dance, it's very discouraging. That bothered me, because at Smashboxx or Maya this doesn't happen. If you're not dancing, you're off the dance floor. It's just considerate, especially when there isn't enough room as it is. The drinks were not very good but were very expensive, not my favorite combo. The lighting wasn't too dark, just right and the atmosphere was chill and laid back. You might have to wait quite awhile if you need to use the bathroom, so if you're with your friends just crowd into one stall and take turns. It may sound odd, but it's normal to do that here. They really need a lot more stalls or a normal bathroom for both sexes with multiple stalls, like the other clubs nearby. The music was mainly hip-hop but I don't complain. That's usually the best and easiest beats to move to. I'm usually an electronic person but the DJ almost converted me! Good stuff. Oh hey, the cover charge was $15 too. Way too much for the experience.
5	It was a fantastic ambiance. Great drinks, their cocktail specials are really unique and delicious, and the few times we have been here we have managed to get a booth.I've always had a good time here and the servers/bartenders have been fantastic. Usual Scottsdale crowd so come prepared. Great place to sit, drink, and talk. Music isn't obnoxiously loud.
5	I just arrived to Scottsdale from Las Vegas, was looking for a nice place to celebrate life and heard about Revolver from a friend from Boston. I called and booked 3 bottles and a table with Pam, the GM. When I arrived I was immediately treated well by the bouncers and met with Pam. Pam is really pretty and nice, she took us to our table and the waitress was even cuter. She was really helpful and nice and the entire staff here treated me like a King. I had a really great time and so did my group. The only negative was the dress code. They let in a lot of thuggish looking people who don't have the concept of sport coat and button up shirts to the club. Not jeans T-shirts, hats and street clothes. And they stood around too much too. Cmon fellas the club is for fun not fronting. Overall, really enjoyed my experience, thinking about calling Pam and letting her know I will continue to visit this place and get 3-4 bottles when I'm there.
4	U looking for one of the best hip hop clubs on sat come here , good dj, sexy ass girls , club gets packed , and the drinks just keep coming
4	Went here last weekend, DJ was spinning nothing but the latest jams! The Drinks were a big hit too!
3	Ok so I read the reviews and went anyway. The club is nice and the staff is friendly, but my one complaint would be the abundance of male genitalia standing on a the dance floor doing nothing but taking up space. Overall, I think a little dress code enforcement would improve the clubs entertainment level. I really don't want to drive to Scottsdale to party with the same type of crowd I can hang with in Phoenix, I don't think it's too much to ask - no hats, no tshirts, no jerseys.
5	Dope club if you like - HipHop- easy drinks- Big Booty Hoes- Reppin your setSeen a ton of fights go down, but usually they are cleared up right away. A lot of cops and security. It's safe..(safe compared to coming from Chicago)Check it out!
2	people that work their trys to give their number to your wife at least they did mine specifically ruben
4	You know what?  This was a fun night.  Vodka drink specials at $5 each, lots of room to move and dance, friendly bartenders, no problems getting in or out, or finding parking - just everything you would want from a fun night out. The DJ played a mix of old school 90s and all modern pop and hip hop music videos and songs.  Great job on the music playlist.  Every type of dress code here, from casual to very dressy/sexy.  Bathroom and dance floor was clean and in great condition.
5	This is probably one of my favorite places in oldtown scottsdale. The bartenders make great drinks and the music is really good.
4	Love this place! Its very modernized. My husband and I always have a great time here and have attended several events at this place! Must go if you are in the Phoenix area
1	Oh my goodness - how this place is considered a "dance" club on beyond me. Certainly wouldn't be considered one where I'm from. Wall-to-wall people, $20 cover charge, gangster rap and the whole place reeked of weed. The only redeeming factor was the cheap beer. But I'd rather not get shot in a nightclub, so I got the heck outta there.
4	We went for a bachelorette party on a Saturday night. Unfortunately, we were the only group there, but we got a lot of attention from the male dancers. The show was definitely entertaining and most of the dancers were having fun with it. The club looked really nice but we didn't stay longer as we had a checklist to complete. Would definitely consider coming back! The staff was super nice too!
4	Very busy and poppin not too much of a line around 10:30, which was nice. Easy to get a drink, attentive and amazing bartenders! Im from Seattle where it takes forever to get a bartenders attention. They are usually way understaffed. DJ phlava was doin his thing out on lots of good songs! Wish they would have played longer than 60 seconds though. We flipped through them pretty fast!
1	Really?!?! On a Friday night they did not open till 10pm!!! Not at all impressed! Totally not what we expected either on the inside! I would not recommend this place at all!
5	This place was awesome I was more interested in the security guard he was sooooo hot! Loved the music and I would refer this place to anyone if they want to go and have a good time love love love love it and I rarely eveeer go out anywhere but this place was awesome
