5	I've been hanging out in Tempe this weekend thinking about what I wanted to do to pamper myself a bit.I wanted to do something girly - so I went to the front desk of the hotel to inquire about a salon that would be able to give me a pedicure. Magen Nail was close by - so I hopped on board the hotel shuttle and off I went.This isn't one of those elite fru fru types of places - but it was clean and they were able to take me right away. The nail technician was very cute but professional. She wore the appropriate garb (face mask and gloves) and used sterilized implements that she had just taken out of the enclave. I was in heaven having my tootsies soaked and rubbed. She even did a salt scrub and massage on my calf muscles - I could have spent all afternoon there. After applying a little purple polish, she painted some cute little flowers on my toes and added a couple of rhinestones and had me sit with my toes under the nail dryer.What a nice way to spend a couple of hours...
5	Before I went to Vegas this past weekend, a pedicure was a necessity. I decided to check out Magen Nail in Tempe since it's close to where I live and they were open until 7 pm on Friday. You can either make an appointment or just walk-in...I made an appointment but it wasn't necessary. The interior is very simple and clean which is fine with me since I didn'tt need anything fancy. The staff is very friendly and the technician who gave me my pedicure was very sweet. We chatted the whole time in fact. She did a great job especially with the salt scrub and calf massage (work that day had been stressful and busy so I was in desperate need of relaxation). My pedicure was $19 and the salt scrub was an extra $5, but was totally worth it to me. A great experience and I will definitely return in the future for manicures and pedicures.
5	Saw the reviews on yelp and thought I better check out what all the stars were all about.  I went for a regular Pedicure ($19 to start) on a random Tuesday afternoon.  It is your typical strip mall nail salon but was very clean and nice inside.  I was greeted by the techs and had no wait to get my pedi and boy what a pedi it was!  My nail tech was very nice and talkative.  She wore gloves and used the blue powder to sanitize the bath.  She asked if I wanted my nails cut and filed instead of just buzzing through with the scuff file.  I opted for the sea salt add on for $5 and she literally massaged my legs with the sea salt for 10 minutes!  The sea salt was a nice quality, wasn't too coarse and didn't burn my legs since it sat on them for a while.My nail tech had a waxing appointment come in about  1/2 way through so another tech took over.  He was very nice and polite but his leg massage was out of this world.  He worked on my pressure points on the bottoms of my feet as well as my calf muscles.  Another ten minute massage on top of the ten min sea salt massage!My pedicure was $24 with the sea salt but they start at $19.  They also gave me a rewards card for a free service after you have so many mani/pedi's done.  My ONLY gripe is that their colors were very dated but I bring my own polish with me so very easy to bypass that problem.  This is my new go to spot for nails!  Please please please open a Magen II a little closer to Scottsdale :)
5	This place is really friendly, quick to seat you and get you started for a mani/pedi, and it was an overall great experience to just relax and enjoy! I totally recommend this place for nails!
5	This place is great! I have had between 6 and 7 pedicures at Magen Nail and loved them all. They do beautiful little flowers on your big toe with crystals if you ask them to! The artistry is really lovely. The service is always speedy and friendly-- a nice, no-nonsense kind of place. I went here with my sister who has a deformed nail on one of her feet. The pedicurist shaped the nail carefully and made it look "normal"! She was very pleased at the final result.
4	When it comes to nails, hair, skin, etc. I'm not a fancy girl. I'm a wash and go, cut my own nails kinda gal. I've had one manicure before and it was because I was in a wedding and the bride made me go. But after the dry summer heat has left my heels rougher than sandpaper I thought I'd see if getting a pedicure would bring my heels back to smoothville.Since Magen is the only nail place on Yelp with high ratings I figured it would be a good place to go. I went on a Sunday and walked right in. There were only two other people there. I was quickly ushered to a chair with bubbling blue water for me to dip my toes into. Since it was my first time I didn't really know the moves, like when to switch from one foot to another but the guy guided me well enough.He did a nice job. (I guess, I had no level of comparison) He scrubbed my dry heels, gave me a thorough salt scrub calf and foot massage, clipped my nails and lacquered them in pink. Since I was there I decided to get the matching mani to my pedi. The guy cut and filed my nails nicely but the polish application doesn't look that great. It's uneven near the cuticles. So i was kinda disappointed with the mani. My nails really don't look any better than when I do then myself. In fact, I think I could have done a better job.I would consider going back for another pedicure but I think I'll stick to doing my own manicures in the future.
1	i went to this place because of their good reviews here on yelp...im honestly wondering if i went to the wrong place.i called 15 minutes before me and my mom headed inthey said they would be able to take us both right awayonce we got there we waited 15 minutes before they even started my moms full setthen i had to wait another 10 minutes for them to start my manicurewhy does it seem like all nail places do this? if you cant take me right away when i ask, please dont LIE just to get me to come there.i got white tips and im not too impressed. there are bubbles all through their top coat and the guy couldnt even cut/file my nails evenlyi definitely will NOT be back.wish i could give ZERO stars
3	This place is fine- but definitely doesn't deserve the rave reviews. The staff is nice, which counts, but the pedicure was standard with little callous removal, the manicure was cursory and rushed... And the next day my nails have already chipped. But it is very reasonably priced- $27 for mani & pedi. So, not terrible but also not five star omg omg omg.
1	I went there because of the high reviews on Yelp. I'm hoping next time someone sees this.RUN AWAAYYYYYYY. This place blows. I wanted to get a full set of acrylics with pink tips, and I explained this and pointed out the tip on the display so the technician knew EXACTLY what I wanted. I had gone with my friend, and we were bouncing around future nail ideas, and the technician decides to listen to only PART of our conversation, and just starts doing something else to my nails based on PART of what he heard eavesdropping, without even asking me.Before I realized what he was doing, he ended up cutting my cuticle so badly we had to use the human version of "Quik-Stop" on my cuticle to stop the BLEEDING, it was cut so bad. He did this while using the tool that looks like sharp pliers to remove dead cuticle skin. I don't get my nails done a lot, so I didn't know he wasn't doing tips anymore like I asked. He tried to give me a full manicure with a gel coating over the whole nail, no tips, without even asking me. He got far enough that I had to just have him take off the mess he made so I could just leave since I had work later. He tried to get me to stay and he tried to tell me that after he filed off the gel coat he had applied and then properly got the tips on, it takes 40 minutes to an hour AFTER THAT to put a gel coat on. I understand if the whole procedure; filing, putting on tips, putting on gel coats... that can take 40 minutes to an hour. Just a top gel coat? NOT that long of a procedure. He took off the mess he made and I left. I had work to get to, and its rare I get a day off where I have time to do this. He wasted my time, he didn't ever communicate with me, and he took stupid liberties that cost us both. I would not EVER go back.
5	Went here the night before my friend's wedding because I was a bridesmaid and found out at rehearsal the other girls got manis and designs on their pedis. I had only got a basic pedi that morning. I only had about an hour before the dinner and found this place on Yelp closeby. Got in immediately. VERY nice staff - even gave me a bottled water. Got a gel coat mani (no tips) and it lasted many weeks. Shape I wanted and looked great! I just needed a design on my toes and she did them perfectly as described and they matched the other bridesmaids (just by my description - she didn't see the other girls). A true artist - beautiful work and still fast! Wish I lived nearby because I would like to go back more often! I heard while there they were going to repaint, etc so it may be an even better environment now. Would definitely go back!
5	LOVE!  found this place in a pinch when my usual place was closed in the middle of the day for no apparent reason.  i didn't have to wait at all.  got a gel manicure for the first time and it lasted for over a month while looking perfect!  only needed to get it re-done because my nail grew out so much.  everyone there is super nice and the price is wonderfully low for my student budget.  i only used to get my nails done for special occasions because of cost but..  now my nails are always looking great thanks to this place.
5	They are now under new management and completely remodeled the inside. It's fantastic! Fast, quick service with brand new massage chairs and I loved their background music. They also have a new discount card program. Get your nails done 8 times and receive $8 off your next service. I'm happy it's so close to work and I can be in and out within a lunch hour.
2	Ouch.  Tried this place after great reviews.  And again OUCH. she filed the skin under my nails RAW. Washed my hands and can we say burning burning oh its burning. The backfill was ok, I asked her to make them shorter and um they are longer somehow. Went on my lunch hour and my colleague said how do they look longer?? ya dunno. They missed painting half my nail with gel/polish and the nail looks like its facing to the right.
4	After moving further south in Tempe I needed to find a new nail salon that was closer to home.  I found Magen Nails on Yelp and tried it and really liked it.  They took the time to really take care of me and I have no lumps, wrinkles or mishaps with my nails.  Often times when getting acrylic nails salons just push you in and out and the job is sloppy, but my technician was meticulous and sweet.  They offered water and conversed politely.  I also really appreciate the prices.
5	I'm almost reluctant to even write a review for Magen because I don't want everyone to start going there.  I know, I'm selfish, but I just love this place so much and will NEVER go to another nail salon.  The people working there are BEYOND friendly and always bend over backwards for me and my friends when we go in.  They will make sure that we have pillows, water, and can sit by each other to chat.  I have even had one of the ladies paint my nails while I was getting a pedicure because she didn't want me to have to get up.They have hot stones for your massage and they don't skimp on the time.  I think my last foot massage there was close to 10 minutes.They have great prices and awesome service.  The only thing that would make this place better would be a glass of wine!
5	Henry and his wife own this salon -- OMG, the BEST nail service I've ever received!!! The wife is a NAIL ARTIST! She has the MOST amazing nail art I've ever seen!!! Their prices are FANTASTIC and they are SUPER NICE!!! Awesome place and it's SUPER close to my work!!! Love going here!!!!
5	I actually found this place through yelp a few months ago and got the best pedicure of my life and I've had $90 pedicures. I got a hot rock massage and sugar scrub for $25. They took their time and didn't rush my friend and I. We walked out feeling like pampered celebrities. The massage chairs are new and so comfortable. Support local business and give this place a try, you won't regret it!!  They are giving 20% off to new customers and 10% off to regulars!
4	Great nail salon tucked into the corner of a shopping plaza :) The woman who does nails is super nice and she does a great job for a reasonable price.  If you want quality, you won't be disappointed!
5	Very nice people. They are courteous and appreciative of their customers. They take their time and do great nails. Ive never felt rushed even when they are busy! Clean salon.  Ive tried almost all of the salons in the vicinity and this one is by far the best!!  Highly recommend!!!
4	I am still on the hunt to find the perfect nail salon within 15 minutes of my house.  This place has always treated me well, and if you go on the off hours, you shouldn't have much of a wait, at all.  Pricing is reasonable, and the staff always remembers who I am.  I have had a few issues with air bubbles being on my toes after my pedicures, but I always go back, and they fix them for free! :)  Also, I believe it's Henry's wife that usually will do things like eye-lash extensions and nail art... she is fantastic!!!  The only reason why I didn't give it 5 stars is because they always have the same CD on repeat while I'm there.  I could probably sing it by heart now.  Other than that, it's really not a bad place!
5	LOVE! This place is cheap and they have a gorgeous color selection of all my favorite nail polish brands. I was meeting a friend here, and happen to live in CenPho. But I will happily go out of my way again. The nail techs are friendly, speak clear English, and are very meticulous, even using a brush with acetone to clean up when they're done with the polish. I got a mani and pedi with a hot rock massage. DEFINITELY do that.
2	I went to this place based on all the great reviews.  My friend and I had pedicures that were average.  The water was luke-warm, and when I asked them to make it warmer, the water came out cold, and he said that their water heater was broken.  Kind-of an important thing for a pedicure.  Minimal filing, cleaning trimming of the nails, and very little with the pumice stone (which for me is an important component).  It wasn't all bad though, as the massage part was VERY nice.  She definitely didn't rush, which was nice.  It was an average pedicure for a very cheap price.  The color selection could have been better, I didn't recognize most of the brands that they had there, and I wasn't too impressed with the selection.  I planned ahead and brought my own, which is the color that I ended up using.  Again, NOT BAD, but just AVERAGE.
4	Best friend called me today asking if I'd like to go get a pedi with her. I was in desparate need, but I usually do my nails myself, so the first thing I did was scope out Yelp for a spot near my house. This place had great reviews and was less than a mile away from where I live. I called them first to see if they did Gel pedicures and to ask about pricing. They do, and the woman I spoke with on the phone told me a Gel pedicure would be $26. Score!We arrived around 4pm on a Thursday and the place was empty - we were literally the only two people in the salon. This was really nice, because we didn't have to wait at all, and we received wonderful service. The man who did my pedicure was awesome. He was very attentive and spent a lot of time working on my cuticles (which were in baaaad shape) and even gave me a hot rock massage. My gels came out looking great, and I think they will last a long time. As other reviewers have mentioned, I did not feel rushed at all, and I felt like my tech was very meticulous about the details. The lady who did my friend's toes noticed after they dried that she probably should have used another coat of polish because they looked a little light and thin (it was a deep red and should have been darker). She offered right away to do another coat, if we had time, even though other customers had walked into the salon and needed to be helped. We did have time, and so she added another coat of red gel and more of the clear gel on top of that. I was impressed that she offered to do this without even being asked especially with other customers waiting. I think that speaks a lot about their commitment to customer satisfaction and the overall quality you will get here. My friend hadn't even noticed they were too light until the lady mentioned it, but after the second coat they looked MUCH better.The only thing that made this a less than stellar experience was checking out. At the register, the man told me it would be $35 - but the woman had told me a Gel Pedi is only $26 when I called. In hindsight, I probably should have said something. I just sucked it up and paid, partly because I feel kind of bad for the people who work at these places for having to touch people's nasty feet all day, and I like to support local business. Also, I was really happy with the quality and the service we received, which was worth a few extra bucks to me anyways. I think the hot rock massage may have been extra, but they never asked if we wanted the service or told us it was extra. My friend and I both thought it was rather expensive, since we were both expecting a $26 pedicure and with tip I ended up paying $45 since my guy did such nice work. Bottom line - I would definitely go back, but make sure to verify pricing first!
4	This place is pretty good! It might be all manicures, but mine chipped in about 2 days. But, it's cheap and they do a good job. The manicure looked great and professional. My toes look awesome too, and those always last a long time! The only reason why I'm not giving 5 stars is because they made me walk to an ATM to pay in cash when they do take credit cards, they just prefer cash. I didn't appreciate the inconvenience. Also, the hot rocks were burning my arms and so I pulled away. The man doing the manicure sort of laughed at me and then ridiculed me for not "speaking up" and telling me that I need to speak up about things. How about you just use less hot rocks? That's not the type of person I am to yell at people about things, sorry! They didn't hurt me at all, which is rare for me, so that's definitely a bonus. But, I recommend not letting them do the callus treatment, it made my feet worse!
3	Originally decided to try this place out because people mentioned on Yelp that they offer stamp cards.  Unfortunately, I did not see this offer when I went.  I probably won't go back because I can get the same quality of service for $5-8 cheaper at other places closer to home.Quality of service is about the same as any other Vietnamese-owned nail salon.  The one thing that they did do differently, and was nice, was the use of hot stones to massage my hands and feet.  What bothered me about this place was that they took the price list off their wall (left it laying on the floor), and I got the vibe that they were quoting people different prices depending on their mood.  (The techs spoke to one another in a foreign language to confirm how much they should charge me when I asked them how much, and the amount was slightly higher than what had been quoted by previous Yelp reviewers as well as the sign that was on the floor).  Granted, it's still cheaper than many other salons, but because I've found cheaper places, I have no reason to go back. This place is decent and probably worthwhile for those who live nearby and like the convenience, but it's definitely not worth going out of the way for their services.
2	I saw this place because it was near the gym I work out at, so I decided to go in. The people are really friendly and nice. However, the quality of the acrylic work isn't good. The tips would break even before I needed a fill. This has never happened before, and I have had acrylics on and off for years. I've honestly been to better places!
2	I decided to try this place because I'm new to the area, so if I'm going to hit up a cheap nail place, might as well try and find the best one. . I came in on a Wednesday afternoon, the place was empty so I got in right away. I wanted a shellac manicure, because I have a hard time with polish peeling or chipping right away. They have a WIDE array of shellac colors and options, so I was excited about that. I picked out my color and the guy started my manicure.The color I picked out was a dark blue with glitter over it, and as he was doing my nails I noticed he put the glitter on first. I wondered why he was working backwards, but I waited to see the outcome because I hadn't had a gel manicure in awhile and didn't know if this was the way it was done. Welllll turns out, fool messed up my nails. He did the coloring backwards, and after arguing with another lady in front of me in another language, she told me he made a mistake and she would fix it. So she had to dremmel and soak off what he had just done, which was practically everything except the blue color and top coat, and start over. I was kind of annoyed but I didn't want to walk out of there without what I came for and I had time, so I let her do them over again.She did a good job, although I felt it was a little rushed compared to how the other guy worked. Could've been her style, could have been that she was pissed for having to fix his mistake. Overall, I wouldn't return. They did give me a coupon for a discount next time, but they could've discounted my services this time. Sometimes you only have one chance to make a good first impression.
1	The reason for the one star rating is the way they treat their employees (and customers).  One woman wanted to pay with her credit card. They gave her some grief about it, then took it, but kept $1 out of the tip to pay for the credit card transaction!  Then the owner/manager (who was doing my nails at the time) pulled out her bill to show the customer how much she gets charged per credit card transaction.  The customer was like, uh, ok, don't need show and tell here really.  The owner kept saying how this is America, nothing is free, the customer should know that.  Then once that customer left, the owner continued ranting to me and showing me the bill.  I'm not sure which shocked me more--that she fought with the customer so much, or short shifted her employee because the customer used a credit card.  Either way, they could have given me the best manicure ever (they didn't) and I sitll wouldn't go back.  Too much bad juju here.
5	Magen nail is my favorite place to get my nails done.  I started coming here from the deal that was offered on yelp, and I have returned for all my nail and pedi needs ever since.The place is super clean, which is most important to me.  Any time one of the staff is not busy helping a customer, they are busy cleaning, organizing, or practicing nail designs.  They all work very hard and are super friendly and flexible with whatever you want done.They have the best prices around and the widest selection (BY FAR) for gel colors.... there's probably a hundred colors, and they're happy to show you the newest colors they've just received.I get acrylic tips with gel polish and they will last up to 3 weeks without breaking or needing a fill.  I'll just do a regular pedi with french polish, and I'm always happy with what I get.I'd recommend this nail salon over any other place in the area--great prices, great service, and very clean.  And very little wait time, if any.They also have a punch card that saves you 20% after you fill it up, woo!  Go Magen Nail!!
4	magen is my go-to nail salon. the staff is friendly and personable. for the service and price, there is no comparison. now seated in a newly installed pedicure chair ready to relax and be pampered with a mini massage and hot stone treatment. mani and pedi for under $35!
1	This place was AWFUL. I was using the groupon so I had to call to make a reservation for my friend and I. As soon as I told the receptionist that I would be using the groupon, she tried to hang up on me. I told her she hadn't asked for my name yet, and she hurriedly asked what it was and hung up. Fast forward 2 weeks later and big surprise, she had not written my name or my friend's name down for our reservation. Luckily, it wasn't too busy and she had my friend and I sit in her chairs. Worst mistake ever. She started off very friendly; however, I noticed after 2 coats of white gel nail polish that the color on my nails did not resemble the color that i had picked that was on the sample nail set. As soon as I told her this, she told me that the sample nails were already white and that's why the nail polish did not look the same on my nails. False advertising much? She then tried to talk me out of having white nails because it would "look bad". After trying to convince her that I indeed wanted white nails, she hurriedly slapped on a few coats of white nail polish and went on to do my friend's nails. Worst quality ever. There were bubbles in my polish and a piece of random hair got stuck in the polish. She seemed very annoyed that I asked her to take the random hair out and fix my nail. When she asked my friend what color she wanted for her nails, my friend chose a white gel polish with sparkles, but asked the lady if the color was going to look the same as the sample (not wanting to go through the same hassle I went through). The lady responded by telling her that it was my fault that I wasn't satisfied with the color on my nails originally and that I was wrong. She then proceeded to wrap my friend's nails in foil and use the electric nail filer to take my friend's old nail polish off. She said she would have to CHARGE HER $3 FOR REMOVING HER NAIL POLISH. Her nail polish wasn't even gel or shellac, it was REGULAR NAIL POLISH for goodness sakes! As she was doing her nails, this lady kept muttering, "Oh my God" underneath her breath and did the WORST JOB EVER on both of our nails. We would have just gotten up and walked out except we had already purchased our groupon. This was the worst nail experience I've ever had. DO NOT GO TO MAGEN NAIL.
2	I got a Groupon deal for a gel or shellac manicure at Magen Nails.  Before I go into details, here's  the bottom line: I am very disappointed with the service and my nails. First, I made an appointment about a week before which was pointless.  Even though they took my name and information and scheduled an appointment with me over the phone, there was no evidence of that once I walked through the door ten minutes early for my appointment.  A lady asked me what I wanted, I told her I had an appointment for a gel manicure with a groupon deal.  She told me sign in and to sit down, then she went back to the pedicure she was giving.  I've been in places like this before and they usually tell you to pick a color while you wait; I was just told to sit, so I did....for a good 20 minutes.  Three people were helped into chairs to begin their mani/pedi's before I was even acknowledged again.  A lady guided me to a chair with no manicurist on the other side.  I sat and waited there for another 15 minutes. Had I not already paid for my groupon, I would have left at this point.  A woman came over and said something in broken English about putting the top coat on, indicating it was almost my turn.  I reiterated that I had a groupon and asked her what my options were for colors; I am new to gel/shellac, but in my experience there are only select colors. Without saying anything, and leaving me wondering if she heard me, the woman walked away and returned with a basket of plastic painted nails to choose from.  The customer sitting next to me advised I be careful because they don't tell you which ones will cost you extra.  I picked my color and they didn't have it so they told me they'd do something else that I'd like (deciding for me what that was)...       Finally, nearly an hour after my scheduled appointment time, a manicurist sat in front of me.  She was completely unfriendly, kept getting up and cleaning things in the middle of doing my nails, and during the entire manicure she kept shaking her head and rolling her eyes.  She never said anything to me, though.  It was very hard to tell during the manicure what my nails were going to look like because either the manicurist had my hand, or it was under the UV light out of sight.  Suddenly, she got up and said, "okay".  I asked if she was done and she nodded.  My nails have a clear, sparkly polish on them that is hardly noticeable. I wanted a pearly white with silver sparkles on top. She filed my nails so that they are pointy on either side and look really awkward. My cuticles are more dry than when I went in because there was no use of lotion, cuticle oil, or anything.  I am not a picky person, but I feel like this was such a waste of time and money.  I didn't even want to leave a tip, but I did.
4	I have been going to Magen Nails for several years.  Enough to see it switch owners.  The current owners are by fair my favorite.  It is a Family business and they are all very nice. The place is clean and they do a nice job of a pedicure and a manicure.  They have a huge selection of gels and shellacs depending on what your looking for.  They last on me over 3 weeks.  I have to get them redone because my nails grow so fast.They give you a card that after you fill it you get money off.  You can not beat that.  Walk in or make an appointment.  Even when they are busy they will accommodate you quickly.  Offering a free bottle of water is an added plus.
1	I really had high hope for the Groupon for 2 for 1 gel or shellac manicure. Let's just say I won't be returning.
1	I used to go to Magen nail salon with my old roommate and thought it was okay (nothing great, but not terrible).  The nail salon is definitely outdated and in use of a renovation, but I could look over that.  The last time I went to Magen's was the last.  I had to have her shorten my nails twice because she didn't go it right the first time.  No biggie.  I did have a hang nail on one toe that she decided she needed to rip out.  It was pretty painful and definitely drew blood.  No apology.  The best part of this all is that my toe was inflamed and really tender for over two weeks.  Very unprofessional and I will never be back.
4	I got a pedicure and full set yesterday and they look great!  Anna is a perfectionist on acrylics.  My pedicure was first and I always pay the extra $5 for the callus remover because my heels tend to get dry.  Most of the time the nail person rushes through and I question if the extra money was worth it.  Anna scrubbed until they were completly soft.  Then on to my nails.  A couple of them were too short to make them square.  I had acrylics previously and my nails were weak.  She put nails on a couple of them and then made them all even.  She also used very little powder so that they look natural like I asked for.  This is hands down the best that my nails have looked with acrylics.
4	Nothing fancy- just a regular nail salon but I have had consistent experiences which I am a fan of. Starting going here with Groupon but will continue to go. I like getting gel manicures- they are quick, steady hands, and I am in and out within 30-60 minutes. I would recommend making an appointment because it can get pretty busy but you can also just walk in if you have some time to wait.
1	Unfortunately, I had a really terrible experience at this salon. I was excited to try a new place for a great price (with a gel manicure groupon) however when I got to the salon, the lady redeemed my groupon on my phone and then immediately claimed no such thing happened. I saw her press the button with my very eyes and genuinely thought this was a bad joke. After I showed her she redeemed it she started arguing with me saying I need to pay again, that my groupon was invalid, and basically accusing me of stealing. I was horrified. She then proceeded to turn to  her coworkers and very obviously talk about me.   It was the most appalling customer service I have ever seen. She went on to make me pay full price for my manicure even though I had a legitimate groupon. I would have left immediately had my friend (who also had a groupon) was not already inside. My friend was serviced by a different gentleman and did not have any  problems. She also simply showed her phone to the person, pressed redeem and went on to get a manicure in peace. We were both extremely appalled at their behavior and the terrible treatment of a new customer.  I am never going back.
2	I have been here a handful of times for gel manicure and pedicure. The first couple of times they did what I would consider a pretty good job. I also liked that they were able to get me out of there  with both  gel mani and pedi pretty quick. So even though their work was only pretty good I kept going back because I knew they got the job done quick. Although, I soon realized I wasn't saving any time after all. I was having to go back and get my manicure redone after 10 days, and 10 days was pushing it, my nails chipped and tore so fast! The gel manicures do not last. The last couple times I was there their work wasn't even pretty good anymore. I had bumps and bubbles in my manicure. I asked the lady to fix it, she didn't see anything wrong. I had to point out the mistakes over and over again to get her to fix it. Finally, she did begrudgingly fix it. I don't plan on going back to Magen Nail. That being said, there are a couple of people there that do a nice job, I am just not going to take the chance with my time and money that I end up with one of the people who do a bad job.
1	Ok, I'm writing this review after going to this place about 4 times. It is conveniently located near my house so having just moved here I thought id give it a shot since my regular nail place was in Tempe Marketplace and I felt lazy to go there that day. First time, I got a pedi and full set and had no issues. I did notice the quality was lower than the job they had done at my other place but I was ok with it. That particular day they were busy and I think her son and bf were both helping out. It's a family business which I think is great. Second time was a fill and pedi. She seemed to be n a rush and my nails were all sloppy and the clear coat wasn't covering the whole nail, some nails weren't even and  just a sloppy job. She asked me who had done my nails... I told her she had (the owner).Third time, I went in... Same thing... The girl doing my pedi n French tip couldn't get it right.... They were all uneven and almost looked like they used whiteout for the tips. Messy. When the owner started doing my nails she noticed I kept looking at my toes and she offered to take a look after my nails were done. Well. Again, she saw the sloppy work from the previous time and AGAIN asked me who had done my nails... I told her it was her.  She finished and again.... Same thing... Nails not even... Clear coat not covering entire nail and bumps all over. I hate complaining so I just asked she looked at my toes which she did and had the girl redo them... I felt bad. I came back a couple days later cause I broke a nail and I mentioned to her about the clear coat and I showed her... And she fixed it. She also fixed my broke nail and it looked weird cause she did it (again) like always in a hurry and it was not as wide as the other nails. Whatever I left. I went back yesterday (11/18/13) and she meets me at door saying "oh we too busy" it's only three of them working.... And I was like "ok" (sounded like she was telling me to go!!) I said it's ok I can wait....  Well I should've left!!!! I decided to get my toenails red... That's how bad I didn't want the girl to try doing the French tip! I never paint my toe nails red!! Ever!!! Then (the owner) started looking at my nails and she AGAIN asked me who had done them cause they didn't look good and asked why that broken nail SHE had fixed wasn't as wide as the others!!!!!!! I told her it was herself and she shut up. She honestly seems to be very very lazy and ALWAYS ALWAYS in a hurry. I'm not the type of person that complains but I don't like telling u how to do your job either cause I don't like others telling me how to do mine. But this time... I had had it. I asked her to fix several things... And then she puts the clear coat... And tells me to put my hands n the dryer thingy... Once my nails were done.. I pull them out and she files the edges a bit... And she damages one of the nails n the side taking off the clear coat... I tell her and she said "oh u did it when u out ur hand down" SHE WAS STILL HOLDING MY HAND!!!  And then I asked her about three other nails not fully covered with clear coat.  She reapplied and after 2 mins n the dryer thing she said I was done. I looked at my nails and she could see I was upset.  Because she just reapplied clear on too of the other clear that wasn't even dry.. There's bumps and u can see the ridges of the little brush....  I was supposed to get my eyebrows done but i was scared she would just wax it all off... So I told her never mind. As I'm paying she sees I'm not happy cause I keep looking at my nails and she says... "U ok? I fix for u" I said "don't worry about it"... I paid.. Left no tip and walked out. I wanted to give them the benefit of the doubt but not anymore.Her work is very VERY VERY SLOPPY.... She is ALWAYS is a hurry and ALWAYS understaffed. I would never recommend this place to anyone cause they will be very unhappy with her work. I wished she had more pride n what she does. Being n the customer service field I know that when I'm with a customer... That's my only customer and I concentrate n them and only them. To rush and have a bad product or service is just not good business. If u go there, be ready to wait at least 30 minutes before being seen.
5	Wow, the service was incredible!  I bought a groupon for my wife for permanent make up as a gift and I was very impressed.  The technician was so friendly and helpful!  We got lost trying to find the place, (be sure the address shows as Tempe and not Phoenix in your GPS) and even though we were about 20 minutes late, the technician waited for us and didn't act like she was even the slightest bit inconvenienced at all even though it had to back up her other appointments a little.  My wife felt like she was the most important customer in the world while she was there!  She is definitely going to go back for some additional services because she had such of a great experience there!
2	Just got a gel French manicure and unfortunately the look is not sharp.  I don't know if is recommend this joint
4	I have been to this salon several times for pedicures, with good success.  $20 price and much better experience than other salons I've visited.  I've had facial here too--once.  Today I got my eyebrows done--touch-up tattooing I had done elsewhere.  It did not hurt nearly as much as the original time I did them.  I liked the experience and will see going forward if I do my eyelids there too.   Will keep going for the pedicures.  Have not done manicures here, and reluctant to do so:  Overall with all the Vietnamese salons I have not had good experience with gel nails--getting them off they sand your nails down and then they chip and peal and you have to grow them out totally.  (though I love gel manicures).  I do not know who Anne is, and some of the people mentioned in other reviews.
4	Reasonable price for gel manicure and pedicure. The finishing was great, the service for my pedicure with one guy there was excellent. He can't speak English well but very focus with his job. I preferred someone who did well and not talk too much ;).(OK, only one thing that bothered me, a girl who worked there, talked about her personal life too much. I wanted to go to a place where I can relax and not listening stressful story).It was OK for permanent makeup. I had one time retouch permanent makeup and I think I have to go back to retouch again after 1 week.
1	Who turns away business at 415 in the afternoon and hands you a coupon to come back another day?  Lol this place!  Don't think so.... too many nail places around here. Won't be coming back here!
2	I decided to try this place because they have a yelp coupon ($35 for $50) and it was open today on Easter.  When I walked in they told me that the coupon isn't valid on weekends (which wasn't specified on the coupon or website) but they decided to honor it regardless (+1 star). I was thankful that they honored the coupon but I was dissatisfied with the gel manicure. The man who did my gel pedicure was excellent (+1 star). My gel manicure was a disaster, first the lady had to re-do my right thumb 3 times because the gel Polish kept bubbling and sliding. Probably because she kept me seated at the pedicure station instead of moving me a to a table. And instead of fixing two other fingers on my left hand (they have a weird ridge going along the nail bed) she just left them (probably out of frustration). I didn't complain because at that point I have been there for a while and could tell she was just over fixing my manicure. My advice would be to skip this place for a gel manicure and get the guy to do your pedicure.
4	Big thing - one of the few nail salons in my area, open on a Sunday and I needed a pedicure in the worst way (the troll toe look is so gauche in the summer folks). They are in a corner of the LA Fitness shopping center and enough under the overhang that they don't have to worry too much about direct sunlight and great service. I had the callous removal option and they do a rub on your legs with hot stones that is super relaxing - I'll definitely come back as it is also next to Henry's Taiwan kitchen, which is a great place to eat. :-)
4	Magen Nails is maj.! They brought me Jell-O shots during my pedicure. The women are super fun and they won't waste your time. I have had acrylics, gel polish and the deluxe pedicure. All were professional, fast and well executed services. I go back regularly.I took off one star, because the technician insisted that she wanted to do a simple pattern on my toes. I reluctantly agreed without realizing that I would be charged $10 extra for this very basic design that I didn't even want. I thought it was pushy and dishonest, but hey, these ladies are salespeople, so I understand.
4	I went to Magen Nails based on other Yelp reviews. I'm so glad I did. I had a manicure & pedicure (french tip) and it was so relaxing. They made me feel pampered and relaxed. And my nails are so pretty! Thanks!
4	I really love this place and go about every two or three weeks. It's $8 for a polish change, $20 for a full pedi including a hot stone massage, and $15 for gel polish. They are definitely reasonably priced. One of the girls will try to up-sell you as much as she can so pay attention to that if you don't want to spend the extra cash. I was in a hurry this week and they were able to so my toes and nails at the same time which was awesome. Lots of gel polish colors to choose from.
4	I was there on my lunch hour and the only client. I asked for specific additions to the pedicure, they delivered on what I asked. I had a great experience.
1	If I could give 0 stars I would, they ruined my nails and made the edges of them all bleed by her nails. I will never go here again I hope they go out of business cause of how rude and disrespectful they are.
1	I use to love this nail salon. I went every two weeks for a fill and pedi. until they got new owners who turn me down every time I walk through the door and ask me to come back another day? I've heard that they only have one nail technician who does acrylic everyone else can only do pedis and manicures. One time I got a pedi from the owners 15 year old son....Not professional at all. One rare occasions where they didn't turn me away my nails were done very quickly and usually bumpy and uneven.
1	This place deserves zero stars. I don't know how many times I have called in advance to make appointments and they ALWAYS fail to take appointments on time! Today is the worst! Made an appointment at 10am as the manager told me they open at 930pm, but NO ONE has opened their store yet! I am never coming here again! Not worth my time and money!
1	I went to this salon b/c it was closer to my house than the one I usually go to. There were two techs and the one that did my nails did a great job but the one who took care of my daughter was awful.  The very next day her nails had chips on the tips and they were gel nails,  supposed to last 3-4 weeks. I took her back in so they could have the opportunity to fix the horrible job but they just filed her nails down where they were chipping.  A week and a half later, they look like a 4 year old did them.  We get our nails done on a regular basis and this salon had the chance to win our business long term but they blew it. I even gave them a second chance.  My nail tech gets 4 stars, the one that handled my daughter gets a goose egg.
5	I really enjoyed this place and will use it from now on. I purchased a Groupon because I liked that they use organic products. They use a product there for calluses that was  used on me at a resort in CA, so I was happy to see they sold this, as it works like magic. They were very pampering and gave me a mini facial for free while my feet were being done. I love this place.
