4	This place is a 5 star if you go for dinner.  3 star or less if you go for lunch.  The vegetables at dinner time are so fresh and delicious.  My husband and son love the all you can eat steak.  The rolls are hot and delicious as is the banana pudding dessert.  Mmmmm..
4	I don't know what it is but all buffet food taste the same no matter where you are. I love Golden Corral. There is lot and lots of options for everyone in the family and the ROLLS are awesome. If you are a fan of Buffets you of course will love this place. But if you are a snoody prideful clown, don't even bother.
4	My husband and I were very impressed with the wide variety of food available at this buffet.  The quality of the food was quite wonderful as well.  The service, however, was horrible.  The server asked me 3 different times what I was drinking before she finally brought it to me 20 minutes later!  She never cleared the plates off of our very small table, and wasn't very friendly either.I am sure we will return and try to steer clear of the horrible waitress.
2	Well, like the one on Northern Ave., this Golden Corral just isn't as good as the one on Thomas Rd.  Stopped in for lunch there today, &  was greeted by watery Clam Chowder, nowhere near as good as what they had at Sizzler 28th Dr. on Thursday.  I also had to beg for a soup spoon to eat it with, just like at Northern, where they never did come up with one!  Soon after that, I reached for a chicken wing & found it firmly attached to a thigh, heavily breaded & accompanied by a tool that could not be used to cut them apart, just like at Northern.  I asked an employee in the kitchen there for help, & after ignoring me a for a couple of times (ala Fry's Electronics), he said I would have to wait 15 minutes to get a chicken wing alone.  I decided to skip it & get some mashed potatoes, but the tray was empty, just like the shell that should have contained crab salad had been a few feet to the right.At the end, the tip-hungry waitress swarmed around the table like a fly, as I was eating the watery diet ice cream, because they were out of Lava Cake, which was what I came for.  This being Sunday, it was expensive, too.  Not worth $10.69!  All in all, even worse than Northern!  What a contrast to the nice Golden Corral on Thomas Rd.
3	I prefer this location to others in the valley.  Except for afternoon rush hour.  Dont go there between 3 and 6.  Unless youre a senior citizen, then its ok.  Youll fit right in.I went for dinner and cant complain.  its your basic buffet, it seems like it has a larger selection than Ryans or JBs and the food quality is way better than both of those.  The brisket and beef tips were great, the only problem i had with the place was the wal mart environment (crying kids, way crowded, people acting like THAT steak was the last one ever made, etc) and i did make the mistake of going during grandma social hour, but aside from that, ill go back when Im craving 10 different things at once, which happens often :)Dinner buffet for 2 runs a little under 30 bucks with drinks.
2	"What's that smell?", my daughter asked as she wrinkled her nose."That, my dear, is the scent of government assistance"Hey, I'm no snob (but it's rumored that I'm a jackass), and Golden Corral really does offer unlimited ribs... but I don't see the benefit in having unlimited ribs when you don't care for the taste or consistency of them.It's cheap food, and a lot of it, but I'm not a pig (although I do have my times), and I don't want to feed from a trough.
3	I had Golden Corral for the first time today - my boyfriend was determined to have a buffet for new years eve before his new years resolution kicks in. It wasn't bad but it really wasn't great.Good:1. The bread rolls and honey spread were AMAZING. I dare say they're as good as the rolls at Olive Garden, even though the ones at Olive Garden taste like they're healthier. These rolls were oozing with butter but they tasted heavenly.2. The price for a lunch buffet is really good. It was only $17 for the two of us for all you can eat. Drinks are extra, but we just got water.3. I read some of the other reviews saying that there was bad service, but our waitress was really friendly and helpful.Bad:The food is decidedly meh. There's a good selection, but it's not very good quality and didn't taste that good. The vegetables at the salad bar look like they were dumped out from a bad of defrosted frozen vegetables. All the fruit looked canned. Most of the meat dishes were overdone and dry. No wonder they can charge so little.If you're not picky and want to just eat a lot for not a lot of money, then this is great for you. But if you're looking for a culinary experience...then neah.
2	Wow. Never thought the day would come when I would review a Golden Corral. However this past glorious Sunday my WT family, when told they could pick ANYWHERE they wanted to go for lunch, no need to worry about the tab, they picked the GC. This was my first experience with this place. I've only done buffets in Vegas. Currently my doctor has me on a strict Vegan diet, so I already knew I was in for it with selection food wise. I was excited to see the spinach and green beans, and then disappointed when I saw they were loaded with ham or bacon. Wah wah. I had some very water logged Brussels sprouts. Some steamed carrots. Pears and beets that for sure came out of a can. Some french fries and a wheat roll. When Our waitress sat us, I asked her if any of the rolls were vegan. I got a blank stare and then the "I don't know what you are talking about" response. I explained to her what vegan was, she then pointed to the bakery area and told me I would have to flag down one of the bakers if I wanted to know what was in the rolls. So I did, and the baker was very friendly and pointed out to options I could have. Score! Our waitress was really very friendly and came by the table often. This was for sure not a place for me. Its all institutional food, boiled and over cooked beyond belief.
3	We visited Golden Corral for the first time, and overall it was okay.  We came to GC for breakfast as we were looking for a well open seated place for 9 of us and 2 babies, which there were many seats and tables we could choose from.  As for the food, it was okay.  They had the normal offerings, bacon, sausage, scrambled eggs, potatoes, etc.  They also had soups, an omelette station, deserts, and some Mexican dishes such as Pozole.  All in all, it wasn't the best food, but it was very passable.In summary, okay food, okay service, okay prices.
3	Not as impressed with lunch. I prefer the dinner.
2	Visited about a week ago and it was just okay. For the price, variety was nice and the food I tried wasn't bad. It wasn't WOW either though. I've definitely had better food elsewhere.Now for the kicker, by the time I got  home I had broken out in hives and was having a full blown allergic reaction. Seeing as the only things I'm allergic to include red wine and shrimp/crab, I'm not sure what happened. I am aware there is a risk of cross contamination always but I've never EVER had a problem eating out until I ate here. Not even at other Golden Corrals.Would probably return to try their breakfast buffet but not for anything else. Their only redeeming point was the mouth watering fresh bread rolls and the fact that they had gummy bears (which I love!)
3	My 11yr old was clamoring for a buffet dinner and we were in S. Chandler... He'd never been to Golden Corral, so it was time, even though it was dinner rush on a Sunday night...Sunday night is baby back rib night at GC.  We had to wait about 10 minutes to get through the line that started at the door.  Once inside, the food was simply edible.  I like their selection, they have more meat options than OCB, but nothing impressed me.  As usual, my kid spent more time with his ice cream cone with sprinkles, gummy bears, etc.No complaints overall. It filled our tummies and fit the bill.
5	My only complaint about this establishment is that there doesn't seem to be a shortage of kids running rampant throughout the dining areas almost tripping me to the ground with my food in hand.   I can't stress enough that the mothers & fathers of this day & age are a real sad excuse for parents.  This country needs to have a one-child-per-family law in effect, but that's never going to happen so let's get on with the review.Of course that is not Golden Corral's fault.  What Golden Corral IS at fault for has to be that they have completely made me fall head over heels for their food.  I am a native San Antonio, Texan & have been to Golden Corral periodically throughout my years spent there.  I'd say Once a year is a good estimate.  Anyway, after moving here to Arizona, I found that you, too, have GC.  I hadn't been to GC in about 2 or 3 years.  We went one night after work & loved it completely.  Everything from the nice hot bread served by the waitress, to the popcorn shrimp, to the pot roast I love so dearly was amazing.  I found no faults with the food there.   It is even better than I remember.   The Pot Roast is to die for.  The Fried Chicken is still juicy as ever.  The Steak, wonderful.  Lovely variety of vegetables, mashed potaoes, & macaroni & cheese.  And then there's the bread.  Oh My God, the rolls.  Great food.We've been back once more and still have nothing negative to say about them, except that we still encountered kids wanting to turn the restaurant into a stinking playground!  Money's been tight so we can't go back as often as we'd like.  Still, PARENTS:  Check your kids!Golden Corral gets 5 stars, baby.
4	Prepare for a long line when you go to this restaurant at dinner time. There will be a long queue but it will move very quickly. What's best about this restaurant is they offer you a real American buffet variety that includes never ending salad, steak, soup, dessert. But last night we encounter a very moody waitress because there's just too many table that she had to handle all at the same time. I guess it's not her best day after all. Overall if you're very hungry and can eat elephant, this would be your best choice to get never ending steak fiesta.
3	Typical Golden Corral. Food was good, service was good, price was good. No complaints.
4	It's been almost 2 years since the original review here of this Golden Corral & I'm happy to report that it's much improved over last time!Here were the negatives this time:  No tomatoes for the salad, & the Hot Lava Cake was dry & awful (no lava!).  If the volcano's not going to erupt, don't put the cake out!Ok, now the positives:  Everything else!  The Clam Chowder was great this time!  Yes, there were soup spoons!  Yes, the trays were kept stocked, including the Crab Salad & the mashed potatoes!  Yes, individual fried chicken wings were available (& delicious)!  Yes, the table service was good!  Everything was excellent this time except for the two little misses above, & it's now a big 4 Stars for Golden Corral, Gilbert!Great prices, too!  Until 11 AM it's only $6.89/$5.99 Sr. including beverage.  Lunch & dinner hours a little higher but still reasonable, with beverages separate.
2	First plate of hash browns, smoked sausage, quiche were cold. No waffles to be found, but staff member had a plate full. French toast tasted like propane. Waitress was friendly and good service. Will not return for breakfast.
1	Don't waste your time. The food was cold and tasteless. I was ignored at the "fresh egg" station,  while all the minorities were served because they spoke Spanish.
4	I'm not real sure why people are so hard on this place. We don't have Golden Corral in Las Vegas where I'm from, we just have casino buffets so that's all I have to compare it to. I thought the food here was really above par though. It was good, afforable, quality food, with great service and I'm not quite sure what more you can ask for. Will I be coming back here? Yes, absolutely, probably monthly! P.S.- The rolls are incredible and taste homemade like they just came out of your grandma's oven!
4	For me the Golden Standard for buffets is the Spice Market in Planet Hollywood-Las Vegas so with that being said this buffet is solid for what it is but certainly not 5 stars. Sunday was an absolute zoo but the line moved rather fast especially considering the line started outside (30 minute wait)! The food was your standard home-style fair (fried chicken, steak, meatloaf, mashed potatoes, etc). This location always has the freshest salad bar. What I enjoy the most about GC is they always have some kind of promotion going on like a Chocolate Waterfall, Seafood Fest, etc. I've eaten here for breakfast a couple times in the past and have always enjoyed their omelet station. The selection is plenteous and cheap and that's exactly what my wallet has been calling for as of lately.
3	Let me just start by saying I am not a buffet type of person, I like to go to a restaurant, be seated at a table and be waited on, I'm old school like that, there are times though that I do venture into a buffet, if in Vegas, it's the thing to do, and if I let the kids pick the place we are eating at, they are buffet lovin fools!!So with that said I took the kids (let me remind you, they really are not kids anymore ages 20, 19, 17 & 15) and my grandson (yea I'm a grandma, but he is the coolest!) out to the Golden Corral, it was a Thursday night about 6:30pm, and there was a crowd, my 17yr old looked at me and said hey everyone and their grandma came to this place to eat, and laughed, hardy har har Went through the line made it up to the soda man, we were a party of 5 but only 4 of us got drinks, grandson was free, but somehow they still changed me for 5 drinks, just watch out guys if everyone in your party isn't drinking cuz you might get charged for it.  Here is my other grip, why is the cost of a buffet so dang much, for the 5 of us it was 72 bucks, man I could have taken them to a local place and eaten good on less than that. But again it was the kids pick and that doesn't happen much.  I just like more bang for my buck.The food, well let's just it was ok, it's not the best, but I have had worst, I wasn't impressed with the steak , grainy and chewy, but OMG those rolls, geez man they are soo good and add that whipped honey on top of it, sweet heaven right there!Well the outing for the kids was good and that's really all that matters.  Can't promise though if I will be back
4	I was waning to do a Saturday Brunch with a friend for my birthday. This was the only buffet brunch I came across for a Saturday. I had been wanting to check out their buffet regardless since I have never been.  I loved it. The steak and french toast with fruit really did it for me! The sausage was also good. Didn't care for the grits or Chicken fried steak w/gravy. But all in all I had an enjoyable time grazing and talking.  I saw the dessert and chocolate fountain but, I saved that for a future visit after eatting so much french toast with fruit sauces.  Steak was so tender and tasty also. Table service for beverages and clearing was also good.Just wish I lived closer cause I love breakfast food and would go more often for the brunch which is 7 days a week from 7am - 11:30am.  Price includes your drinks and it's under $10 per adult!
4	This place advertises in  Vegas all the time but they don't have any here.We were visiting some friends in Chandler, AZ and thought we would try it.First impressions, it was very busy. There was a long line to get in.No wonder,  the bill for 4 adults and our brood of 4 was $74,that's pretty cheap eats.All the brood kept talking about was this chocolate fountain they call a "wonderfall".This was my bargaining chip to make them finish their plates!The food quality was actually pretty good. I honestly didn't expect it to be that good. They had a carving station and were slicing up some steak. It was good. I wasn't blown away but hey, don't expect the best steak you ever had here. I will admit, I ate too much, I tried to stick to my diet,  but the willpower went out the window when I saw my favorite fried foods; shrimp, clams and calamari. They were all perfectly cooked and delish.The GF was happy with her vegetarian selections. The other adults were happy with the offerings too.The children were in heaven. They had pizza, pasta, fried chicken, mac and cheese, all the usual crowd pleasers for kids.Now onto dessert. They had this chocolate fountain surrounded by children, waiting to dive in head first. Platters of marshmallows, rice krispy treats, strawberries, cookies, brownies. These are a few of their favorite things.......In the end, all the kid's faces were covered with chocolate and they were smiling and giggling.  Priceless......They also had cotton candy. I learned that this was my GF's weakness. She came walking with this cotton candy like a little kid. Once she had her first bite, this smile came over. I think she had a foodgasm right there at the table!One standout for dessert was the banana bread pudding, it was frigging amazing.  A lady in line told me it was as good as her Mom's and I believe her now.Our server was great. She kept on smiling, refilling our beverages, clearing the huge piles of plates and never missing a beat. I know her job must get difficult at times and we appreciated her service and told her and showed her.One more thing I must add. The GF and myself love to people watch and this place ranked 9 out of 10.If you have ever seen the website called "". It was as if the the people of Walmart website and a restaurant had a lovechild. I saw some seriously atrocious ensembles. Its like they went to Walmart first and went straight to Golden Corral.We were thoroughly entertained and filled up.
1	Very bad.  We couldn't deside which was worse....the food or the company...both low quality.  This is an example of where buffets get there bad name.
3	Bread rolls were puffy clouds of deliciousness.  The steak was well seasoned although some parts were a bit too gristly, but tasty still. Love their dessert bar.  Although you can place an order of grilled seafood, it takes about 20 minutes. But Mon-Thursdays for a limited time, two adults are $20. excluding beverages.  Worth it because kids have a variety.
5	I came here for the first time ever on Mother's Day. They were packed ,the line was out the door and down the path. Still they managed to get everyone seated and quickly attended to.We were a party of 10  our server was so great and i am sorry to say i do not remember her name. She had all 10 drinks refilled continuously. Brought us lemons and cleared the table with amazing speed, as well as taking care of a completely full restaurant packed with Children that were running under foot.   The only down part was that they had plastic dishes but, with all those people what are your choices.I loved the food. I had shrimp and fish and vegetables.  Nothing fried.       The best part for me was the Chocolate fondu!!  Although there were many different choices. You could never say that you did not like what they were serving.  have seen a million adverts for this place and i am happy that i finally got to go.
3	Though the price was good and the server very helpful, the place packs in way too many people.  Went for breakfast at 9:30, they were out of the omelet fixings, so had to wait for those awhile.  And it was just way too crowded.  Good for a large family with lots of kids, but otherwise, don't think we'll go again.
5	Been here a few times now. We liked it, no doubt.  The food is quite good with a lot to choose from. Salad, fish, meat, chicken...lots of choices. Many good desserts, we loved that !   Drinks are refilled endlessly. Lots of parking in the lot. nice and cool inside. Gluttony is a sin , but it is fun!
3	This place is OK... Lot's of food for one gluttonous price. But here's the thing- There's lots of it, but none of it is really good! It's just OK. Went there for lunch, about 8 bucks, and salad bar was OK. The only thing I liked and thought was better than mediocre... Pot Roast. Otherwise, it's pretty average, and I'd rather have less of something really good than more of mediocre. I'll pass next time.
3	Can't go wrong with a good 'ol corral style buffet. The people watching is the most interesting on the weekends so make sure to get a good spot in a back corner so you can make the most of your experience. Our waitress was so friendly and helpful and considering the environment, that's saying a lot. Good prices for breakfast and a good place to feed lots of people dinner for a reasonable price.
3	I really did not want to go here for dinner, but my granddaughter wanted to "experience" the chocolate wonderfall and the cotton candy!  So I said OK  -- how can you say no to a six year old granddaughter who is asking grandpa to take her there??  The adult pricing at dinner is $11 a head, with senior citizen pricing being $10.  My granddaughter's price was under $5.  The food here is decent.  The salad bar is pretty darn good.  Maybe not as good as a salad bar at a gourmet restaurant, but certainly better than most every other restaurant.  All kinds of fruits, greens, veggies, pasta salads, tuna salad, mac salad, potato salad, toppings, multiple dressing types, chopped boiled eggs, chicken slices, steak slices, pepperoni slices, olives, pickles, etc. etc.  -- you get the picture.  Really pretty darn good.And the food is decent and the selection is good.  I especially like the fried chicken which is crispy and juicy (but they have about 6 other chicken dishes too), the pot roasted beef, the Swedish meatballs and noodles, and this night they had grilled sirloin steak.  I must admit that I was impressed with the sirloin steak since I was expecting USDA select grade of meat to be served.  But I think it was USDA choice meat since it was pretty darn tender.  And the best part was the steak that was out on the serving table was rare; in fact super-rare, which is how I like it.  And of course, most people were turning up their noses on the steak since it was super-rare, but that only left more for me.Oh yeah, my granddaughter loved the chocolate wonderfall -- she stuck sticks of marshmallows, rice crispy treats, strawberries, and some cookies into the chocolate .  And she ate one whole cotton candy swirl on a stick.  She loved it and that is probably the most important thing for me.  But again, the food was pretty good so isn't like having to go to Chuck-E-Cheese or something with the kids.
2	Does not matter if the food is good if place is not clean.  Very dirty.
5	They did a great service...the food was so good... Mmm
4	After reading several not so nice reviews, I kept putting off eating here. Until one day when I decided what the heck, let's try it. And boy am I glad I did! This place is actually really good! People who judge it too harshly probably shouldn't be eating buffet style then. I love eating at buffets with my little kids because they can graze and try new things without it breaking the bank. The food was fresh, REAL, and the place was fairly clean for how many people go through there. And the coolest part?! The DESSERT bar! They have a chocolate fountain, cotton candy (yes like fair style!) pies, etc. I was very happy with the service and the prices. All in all, great place for the price and food being served!
4	A cancer free celebration dinner!Awesome possum this buffet was. So many options to choose from and for my fellow dinner guests, steak for dinner! Following the suggestions from Randy, I stopped by this place and boy was I glad that I did. I always though buffets were forever lame, but now I see the buffet light at the end of the tunnel. Plenty of vegetarian options like meatless mexican options, lo mein, spring rolls, macaroni and cheese, salad bar etc. I did not leave hungry. They have a chocolate fountain so that means chocolate covered strawberries!! Yes! or chocolate covered macaroons! mmmmThe service is always great but the bathroom was a bit dirty the last time I went. After I complained they did give me a nice phone call so I say great customer service. 4 stars~
3	Well, it has been awhile since I have been here. So I thought ahh Saturday , lets go here for something different. As it turned out, not too good.We got to the check in (to Pay) @ 4:03,that is what my reciept says.Dinner prices start @ 4,we were in line long before that,but oh well, they have to start sometime. Only a few $$ differance.Anyway, our server was very good, she was always there refilling the drinks,and asking us if we needed anything.It was the food that was a bit of a turn off.It seemed that half of it was cold. All the vegetables , and the gravy.It was steak night,it was so tough you could not eat it. It is really a shame because, I really is a true waste of food.The place was packed, kids were running around unattened.That is not the fault of the resturant though. Because, there are signs everywhere that children must be with their parents or an adult.My girlfriend ,said the  bathroom   was clean, but the smell was outraggous!!Maybe because it was Saturday, maybe it was just that day. But, I think we will pass next time.It is a good deal if you do have a few kids to take,because, they can choose anything and eat a lot.
2	SECOND time here and I had food poisoning both times :( love it but I won't be back.
5	= = = = = =  DAILY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =You know how you're just really hungry for a good Buffet every day or two?  Ok, well if you were, this would be one of your favorites, hopefully!     :-))Roaring busy today, it did take about 15 minutes or so to get in & be seated as a table became available, and then there was a short line for some of the food items (ala Le Villiage Buffet in Las Vegas), but the staff members ran around full speed to keep the trays all stocked and my table service from Lucy was excellent too.     :-)Over at the serving area there was a big selection of 145 foods, plus sauces & dressings.  Some of the food is ordinary...  hey, this is AMERICAN FOOD after all, but everything was running 100% here today.  For my first visit to this GC back in '09, things were a little weak (* *).  Then by '11 they were doing well (* * * *), but this time it was all 5 Stars despite the huge crowd of hungry diners.  On top of that, their LOW Lunch Buffet price is $8.49/$7.99 Sr. (weekdays), so it's a big "Woohoo!" for this now top performing Golden Corral!     :-))
4	Kids will have a ball here, especially at the desert station.  You can't go wrong by serving cotton candy and having a chocolate fountain.Come here for dinner.  If you're craving steak, $10 for unlimited steak is well worth it.Unusually, my favorite thing here is the tuna salad.  I stuff it into one of their fresh baked "yeast rolls".
3	This Golden Corral had food that tasted great just like the rest of them. Tons of food that just keeps coming. The only down fall of this place is that it just didn't have the clean feeling that the others I have been in have. And by clean I don't mean anything food related. The carpets seemed like they could be replaced and it just had a weird smell in the seating area.
4	My favorite buffet in Arizona! my family and i go here on thanksgiving when we don't feel like cooking and i recently went here for my birthday! they have a full buffet with steak, pot roast and chicken. their desert bar is awesome. I only wish they did birthday discounts
4	This place is an absolute zoo almost all of the time, but you can usually find just enough tasty food items to make it worth it. Staff service and be hit and miss. I've seen servers taking phone calls of their cell in the dinning room, but I'm sure they get peanuts for the work they do, so I don't hold it against them at all.
4	You one were to envision a love child created between the crowd on a New York City subway platform during prime time rush hour on a Friday evening and a Texas steak house... Golden Corral would be it.Prepare to fight through lines. Lines to get in, lines for food, lines for the bathroom. But once you have mastered the technique of weaving through an endless sea of people with your hands precariously balancing plates full of tasty morsels, you're, well.. Golden (forgive the pun!)The food is usually amazing, the atmosphere usually smells both of well seasoned steak and vomit on any given night, which can be kind of unnerving and titillating all at the same time. If you can stomach the scent of someone's "Roman Dinner", then you can most definitely complete the evening with ease.Service is hit or miss, be prepared to slowly nurse your drinks or go for quite a long while without.But the food and the dessert bar and the PRICE! ($11 for food and drink and $2.99 for kids!) makes it all worth while.Wear your stretchy pants or a long shirt to hide that popped top button of your jeans!
1	This location sucks!!!! I would normally give Golden Corral a 3 or 4 star. We just moved here and have been to golden corral many times In Colorado. But we were very disappointed the night we were here, We went an hour before closing on a Friday night, food was not fresh, no steak ready. They dont have near the food selection that were used to.I asked the manager for a refund for my food, I had lost my appetite and Im not that picky. Server was good, but I probably wont return.
5	We went in for the last day of the "Prime Rib, Catfish,& Shrimp Feast." What a wonderful & amazing surprise! What an awesome experience! The staff was cordial, and we headed right for the PR carving station. We had spoken w/ managers Edward & Linda about our concerns that the PR would be over-cooked.They assured us that that they'd have rare / medium rare - and they delivered! It was PERFECT w / excellent jus, too! I grew up in Scottsdale, so I've eaten the famous PR at Dale Anderson's, The Other Place, Pink Pony, Don & Charlie's, etc. No one has done it better than Golden Corral did!  Also, the steaks were cooked to order (ie., rare), and the other mains that I tried were first-class! Sides were really varied, the salads absolutely fresh, and the desserts way too-tempting! I do have to admit that I had some chocolate fountain items and cotton candy (don't report me to my paleo colleagues!)... BTW, the cooks & prep people behind the line were incredibly dedicated to their tasks, as were the folks working in the dining room, too! How lucky to have such a dedicated crew!This was my first visit to any GC, and it was something I will recount to other foodies for... well, years! Thanks for such a wonderful, memorable Prime Rib Feast!
2	WOW!! cold food the wings was ice cold the steak was like rubber.  Wish now I took my family some where else.  Most items was out or looked old.  I love chicken livers but those was burnt and hard are rocks the dessert stuff was picked though and the bread was not all the way cooked.
1	Save your money, do not go here. $45 for three and we were hungry when we left (remember this is a buffet). The absolute worst buffet I've been to. Dirty, messy, unpleasantly smelly... we drove over 20 minutes to try it after all the commercials. Yes, they have a chocolate fountain. One that small children continually stick their fingers into. Mashed potatoes were soupy. Very limited meat selection. Server was very awkward, kept asking us "are you guys good?"One star for having delicious yeast rolls and honey butter. Would not recommend. Will not come again.
1	Went here just to see what it was about.It's gross. Don't go.I thought the chocolate fountain was pretty cool until I saw a grubby kid just standing there sticking his finger in it over and over and over. Where his parents were, I don't know.
3	The GC...Me and my g/f would come here once in a while if we have no idea what we are craving but want some variety. I try to stay away from any of the carbs or starches since it can be a hit or miss with them. The salad bar is pretty decent and same goes with the foods being grilled. The service is always good every time we've gone. The waitress are always very nice and fairly prompt. The chocolate fountain is a nice addition to the desert menuOverall, the GC is decent buffet place. Not my top choice but sometimes it's my last resort choice.
5	This is my new favorite restaurant/buffet. I want for breakfast buffet. The price includes drinks and steak. Love the steak, it was very tender and delicious.
5	Love the smiley faces at the entrance. Also the food variety. If you had to choose foods between this and Old Country I'd go with this. Both good though. LOVED the desert placr and the chocolate fountain.
5	For what it is, this place can't be beat.No, not every item at this buffet represents top-quality grub, but the steaks are real nice and you can eat as many as you can get and not pay a penny over the entry price.  Beats Sizzler like crazy.  Even beats Black Angus for overall steak taste.I'm not too big on the homemade potato chips or the breaded bacon, but that's the good thing about Golden Corral--if you don't like something, don't eat it!  There's a ton of other things that you WILL like.  Breakfast, lunch, or dinner, you will always leave stuffed and happy.  Vegetarian?  They can do that.  Want food to go?  They can do that too.It's loud, always crowded, the servers always have a smile, and it has acres of  food from opening salads and soups down to cakes, pies and a chocolate fountain.  Great place to take your family for a full belly, lots of fun, and not a lot of $$$.With the closing of places like Bishop's and Luby's, this place represents one of the last places of its kind--but I don't think it will be closing down anytime soon.  it's too popular, and too good!
5	= = = = = =  DAILY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =It's been a year since last updating this Golden Corral, so I made it over here today joined by Mike C. and Jackie C. to see how things are going.I'm happy to report that they were in top form today!  The big Buffet was even larger than before, with about 170 items, plus sauces and dressings.  A couple of the newest items were Caramel and White Chocolate fountains joining the dark chocolate one.  You take a rice cube or Strawberry or one of several other goodies on a stick and dip them in to the sweet goo to coat them.     :-)Most everything else was just as before...  lots of delicious mostly American food all served at the proper temperatures, trays kept stocked, friendly, just right table service, & so on.Yes the food is a zillion calories here, so come once in a while & treat yourself for their low prices of $8.59/$7.99 Sr.YUM!!     :-))
2	Found 2 long nice pieces of hair in my salad. Not to happy about that. I'm a big fan of this chain of restaurant always have been they never really let me down at all. So I was surprised to find two pieces of hair in my food. the lady who gives you your refills was super friendly and attentive. And the rest of the food was good like it usually is. Some of the workers at this location though back behind in the kitchen on the salad bar side where I found my hair don't look too happy and I did see a couple of them practice some unsanitary techniques by on the salad bar side. I don't know but the manager needs to check out the lady who preps the salad area.
2	I didn't like it. Now I know going to an "all you can eat" buffet isn't always going to have the best food, but what I tried didn't even tickle my taste buds once! I was let down by the overall taste of the food. The only reason that I am giving them two stars is because our waiter was friendly, filled out waters, and cleared our plates frequently.
1	Attention Golden Corral AND the two GC employees that we dealt with at this location -- the one star that I am forced to leave for my experience here is too good for you. I would leave you a -10 stars if it were possible I am down-right horrified by the events that have taken place in the past two hours. Forcing myself to avoid vulgar language in this review is almost too much.To get right to the point, tonight my boyfriend and I went to this location for dinner (just past 7:00). We paid about $30 for the meal (yikes) and then did the whole select-your-food-buffet thing. Within about 10 minutes of sitting down with our first plates of food, we discovered that the piece of chicken on our plate was raw inside. My boyfriend had eaten a bite and when it didn't taste right, he went in for a closer look. Indeed, despite how it looked on the outside, it was still pink and gooshy on the inside. Ewwwwwwww.We immediately stopped eating and brought this to the attention of our waitress (Kim). The response that we got? "Eh, that happens sometimes. I'll pass it along" Literally, this was the response.Uh....I'm sorry, what?We thought maybe she was having a rough evening/ didn't understand the severity of the situation, so we spoke with the manager (Cathy), who said "Eh, we'll have them pull that pan." When we waited for more of a response, she simply smiled at us and then walked away. ZERO concern shown for the fact that we had already CONSUMED some of this raw chicken. Absolutely infuriated, we couldn't bring ourselves to eat much more and we left.Halfway home, both of our stomachs did flip flops, and upon returning to the house, what should happen? You guessed it. Violently sick to our stomachs. So, now, I feel awful AND had to pay for it? Not acceptable.About a half an hour ago, I made the mistake of calling Golden Corral to address this issue. I asked to speak with the manager, and, Lucky me, Cathy again. When I told her what was going on and asked for a refund she cut me off and rudely snapped "Well, you know we can't do that." I responded that this was unacceptable (in an effort to give her a second chance). Nope. Cathy then says that no refund is possible, and they "take classes on this sort of thing, and it is impossible to get a food-borne illness within an hour." She then recommended that they only thing that they can do is encourage us to go to a doctor if we're not feeling well. I couldn't help myself Yelpers, I laughed. This is one of the most ABSURDLY HORRIBLE customer service interactions I have ever had. And...it gets worse... Cathy then goes on to tell me that she recalls dealing with my boyfriend at I, and that our complaint had nothing to do with the food, it had to do with a dirty spoon.Nope. Wrong again. That complaint was two tables over from us. We definitely had an issue with the raw chicken, not the spoon. When I tried to explain this, Cathy interrupted me again. I finally said that I would call their corporate office, and she snottily got off the phone. Yelpers, I am absolutely sickened by this entire situation. Run, don't walk, as far away as you can from this place. If not for the potential food poisoning, then from the genuinely rude customer service and sub-par dining experience.Hopefully, my concerns will be more appropriately addressed this week when I reach out to the corporate office.
4	Very nice service and the food will make you feel like your at home.  Watch out for dirty flatwear ands plates.
2	Not too impressed with the food at this chain. I have only been here once before and it was three years ago and the same food items were the best then and now. So, out of 170 items, only six could be considered edible in my mind.1. The Pot Roast2. The Stuffing3. Onions Rings/Hushpuppies4. Flatbread5. Chocolate/Peanut Butter Parfait Everything else was either undercooked (chicken) or overcooked (rice) and the Pot Roast ran out and was not refreshed for the entire 90 minutes after I got my first serving. It is $8.50 for lunch, but for six decent items (two fried) you are better off heading elsewhere.
1	DONT DO IT!!!  This place is sick. Off the top, who's idea was it to offer a chocolate fountain? It was like the babysitter to all the unattended children. All that recirculating dirty chocolate **quivers**  From the time we walked in and smelled nothing but dirty pits in the 25min line, we should've known to just leave. The food was, well, Golden Corral food. If you've been once in your life, you've probably already had everything they have to offer. Maybe eating at Vegas buffets has set the bar high for me, or maybe the food here is just that nasty. Like others have mentioned, there really is only a handful of items worth eating. Did I mention the sticky floors and masses of unattended children? I can't act like I don't like the banana pudding, so there goes that one star. Oh and the cotton candy was fun. Service sucked, environment sucked, and food sucked even more.
3	I love this place .If somethings not right the manager will take care of it.We always get wonderful customer service and the taste is consistent.
1	I went to this location for the first time and needless to say I will never be back! The food was disgusting and cold, and the service was unbelievably horrific! I waited 10 minutes for a refill and when the waitress came to our table, she took off my straw and lid herself, touching MY straw, put the dirty plates down on our table, and put my cup in her apron pouch where food was all crusted on. I couldn't believe what I saw. I was completely disgusted. That is no where near sanitary! I know it's just "golden corral" but please get your service staff in check!
1	paid $30 for lunch for my daughter and I.  Big rip off. For that price I could have gotten a better meal almost anywhere.  The food was disgusting. We barley ate more than 5 bites.  I could not eat the meat.  It was tough.  The side dishes looked they were just something they pull out of a can.  The entrance smelled like urine.  I felt like I was in the walmart of buffet restaurants. I ended up with stomach cramps just from eating stuffing and mashed potatoes.
1	Worst place ever! Sitting here having my dinner and they shut down the hot bar which was fine but the dessert bar too?? I'm still eating my dinner... Confused I keep eating and see one of the kitchen members throwing old food from inside the hot boxes right on the floor in front of us while we finish. How disgusting!
1	Very disappointed on Veterans Day. This restaurant has offered free meals to Veterans on Veterans Day in the past and they advertised a military appreciation dinner. Many Veterans showed up at the restaurant while we were there expecting the free dinner. We were all disappointed to find out the restaurant decided this year to serve the free dinner 6 days after Veterans Day. What an insult to the men and women who have and continue to serve this great nation.  I have patronized Golden Corral many times at many locations around the U.S. And may I say this restaurant had the worst food. The salad, steak and cookies were the only things I ate that tasted good. Everything else I gave back. Pizza on crust as thin as paper. Ribs taste like cardboard. Cooked vegetables either undercooked or overcooked. What a waste of money for me and my family especially when two of us retired from the military and celebrated a day that meant so much to us. One last thing: they only offer military discounts to active military. Be it known the majority of retired veterans continue to serve our military in some way after retirement.
5	= = = = = =  THANKSGIVING DINNER BUFFET!  = = = = = =Jackie R., Mike C., Norm R., Robyn N. & I got together for a Thanksgiving UYE this morning here at GC, and they really put out a feast!  Their huge offering of around 150 food choices today included everything you'd expect to see at a Thanksgiving Dinner such as delicious turkey, ham, dressing, sweet potatoes and so on, plus thick steaks grilled to order, grilled-in-the-husk corn on the cob, and many other treats.If you want to go out on a major holiday, keep in mind that these GC folks are used to having a big crowd in their restaurants so they know how to keep things running smoothly.  They have plenty of food, plenty of employees, and if you come early, say 10:45 AM as we did, you won't have much of a wait to get in.*  Thanksgiving Feast was very reasonable at $12.99/$11.99 Sr.     :-)*  Separate checks are allowed, but no seat saving.  Everyone in your party has to BE HERE, pay, and be seated at the same time.
2	Waitress was very nice and responsive. A lot of hot food items were actually way under temp, potential for people to get sick. Very low quality food for the amount of money we paid.
3	As far as buffets are concerned, I really haven't done a lot of buffets out of Asian buffets, so I'm not sure how American buffets are.  They had a wide selection of foods, which I will give that a 4 star.  They should probably take down some signs that say there are certain types of foods, but aren't.As for cleanliness of the restroom and the eating area, I would give it pretty much a 1 star.  If someone spills something, get someone to clean it up.  They did not look short staffed at all.  It seems that cleanliness is a huge problem as we would see spills throughout the restaurant.  We were at the far east end and the restrooms were in the far west end.  As I walked from one end to the other, it wasn't just one spill, but probably more than a half dozen.  Come on.The bathroom was literally gross, but I had to go.  I've seen restrooms at gas stations or at rest areas much cleaner than this place.  Actually restrooms at most Asian places, which sometimes it's not so great, were much cleaner and better than at least the lady's restroom.  I'm guessing the men's would be worse.And, as people ate and left their plates to be picked up, it wasn't just our tables, but all the surrounding tables, the waitress wouldn't pick up the plates or clean up tables of people that had already left.  To the east of us, those people left more than 15 minutes before we left and the waitress (Casandra) never cleaned up their table or no bus person to do it.However, Casandra did come and ask us during our probably 1.5 hrs there (this included my mom and 4 families with spouses and kids, a party of 17.  We're not slobs.  I don't know how many times she asked how things were, but she never took action of picking up our plates in a timely manner or refilling our waters.  It's not like we were camels and sucking up the water.Then, the table to the west of us that had maybe 6-8 people, they left for probably half hour and Casandra never picked up or cleaned their table.  So we were surrounded by empty tables of plates piled high with dirty stuff all around.  So, for the waitressing service, I give it a 1 star, but because the guy doing the steaks was good and friendly, I would give him a 4 star.  Hopefully the other wait staff is much better.  Casandra was friendly, but she wasn't doing anything much other than continually in an annoying frequency asking how we were doing.My mom always leaves a great tip, but even my mom was annoyed at the lack of good waitressing service and took back a part of a tip.Honestly, at the Asian buffets we go to, they may not be the friendliest, but at least they keep removing unwanted dishes, filling our waters, keeping the place clean so we can keep eating.  The food was okay, mainly American stuff or Gringo styled ethnic foods.  So, I would give this a 4 star.I'm probably being generous in giving this place a 3 star, but the next time my family recommends this, we'll pass.  I'd rather just go to McDonald's.  And, what's the deal with having all the drinks at the cash register?  Why don't you just have a drink dispenser out with the rest of the stuff like Sweet Tomatoes has?
3	I am only giving 3 stars because their breakfast is the best! Lunch & dinner is slacking..not as gr8 as it use to be! Rolls were hard like rock..
