3	Create is a new burger place on West Lake Mead off the freeway, in the same lot as the Wild Oats. I stopped in because it's brand new and looked non-chainy, plus there was the promise of a gourmet burgers + frozen custard. Hard to go wrong with that as your advertisement. When I stopped in I was told they had been open now for five weeks.The interior space is very open, clean and modern post/diner. Create seems to have hired an entire waitstaff of 'cool drink of water ' girls to take your order. Nice, but points off because I ordered a burger and they forgot to put the order in, thus resulting in me waiting around for twenty minutes with nothing to do but poke at my empty custard cup.The custard comes in three flavors: vanilla, chocolate and strawberry, with a variety of toppings. I had hot fudge and chocolate chips, and they were very generous with the hot fudge. Plus for that.The burgers also come in with a bunch of toppings, but I had a pre-made setting: the Modernist. Avocado, mushrooms, tomato and swiss cheese on hawaiian roll. It was delightful and just the right size. I was not fond of how the waitress at the counter tried to upsell me to buy a double or triple patty burger as she claimed it was a 'small portion'.For Las Vegas, I would say this place is fairly expensive. The food was fine, maybe not rock my world, and needs a bit of smoothing out with the staff. To be honest, I sense trouble for them as the location is literally blocks from an IN-AND-OUT... but maybe if you want avocado on your burger you'd come to Create instead.
3	For a burger joint in Vegas, its a little pricey. For a burger joint in LA, I'd say it fits right in. I've been here once before, but never noticed they had a veggie burger. How did I miss that before? The Abstract kinda sounds gross. When I hear that name in regards to burgers, I think of Spam or a hotdog or some kind of FORMED meat. But the Abstract is their homemade veggie burger with grains and crap. Whoever made the batch that I ate, didn't mix thoroughly. I was hitting chunks of salt left and right. Maybe no one else cares, but veggie burgers are a serious affair to me. This veggie burger was meh. But I really appreciate that they're trying to satisfy the vegetarian demographic AND, they're homemade and crap. The inner texture was mushy, but it was super ceded by the crispy fried outside. Like a burger french fry. They also have portobello burgers for the carniphobic. They have a lot of add-ons available. Which can be dangerous. You could probably make a $20 burger. On my burger, I also got cut greens, provolone, and garlic mayo ... which was not very garlicky. I got the Hawaiian kaiser (like Hawaiian sweet bread, NOT with the intestines). My friend got sweet potato fries. They were alright. But the best sweet potato fries I've ever had was at Outside Inn on Charleston and Hualapai. My friend ordered the third size up in burgers. The smallest was the mini, then the something, then the majestic, I think. Anyways, it really wasn't that big. Like the diameter was the same size as that of the bun, but it was thick. The frozen custard. Luv It is now the yard stick by which I measure all other frozen custards (which will be henceforth referred to as: frotards). Create's was not as heavy, BUT it was also not as smooth ... until it melted. Their ratio of egg to milk was probably more milk, I'm guessing. It was more like ice cream than frotard, I think. They have a good variety of topping, though. If you dine in, after you pay for your junk, they give you a number to put on your table and they run the food to you when its ready, like Jason's Deli. This place is dangerously close to In-n-Out, Chipotle, and the Golden Spoon. And i would hardly call these burgers gourmet. * off the strip, non-casino
5	After reading the other review, i am wondering if some of those people were even at the same place.  Pricey?  NO WAY!  My friend and i go here at least once a week since they opened.  Aside from the food being amazing the prices are great!  Not much more than In-n-Out, but for the extra dollar or so you may pay its well worth it!  The fries actually taste good, and the meat is actually cooked.  I like my burger well done, and this is the first place i have ever gone to where i dont need to ask them to burn it to then get a medium well burger.  Their meat is genuinely good, and cooked to perfection.  Everything is really fresh.  The staff and owner are so nice and welcoming (as they know us by now).  The custard is also great, we buy the pints sometimes for home.  We have brought all of our friends and family here and everyone loves it!  I love the decor and atmosphere!  last but not least, they are extremely eco friendly which i am all about!
4	Burger fanatics and fresh salad lovers beware! This place is right on the money. Total customization of the food, the freshest ingredients  and friendly staff. Choose your size, choose your bun, your toppings and your sauces. The sauces are killer and they have many choices for your to get lost in deciding. The trick is not to feel rushed, the menu itself does not that have that many pre-selected choices so start with what you want and customize!
5	I absolutely love this place!  My favorite thing about it is the variety - especially the fact that they have two vegetarian choices (such a rarity!) - the Abstract and a portabella burger.  The owner and staff are all extremely friendly.  There hasn't been a time that I've gone when the owner doesn't stop by the table to make sure everything was to our liking.
4	Good burgers. Fantastic, friendly service. An owner who cares about his customer's experiences. And some crazy burger selections! Can't ask for much more in a burger joint. I prefer the regular french fries over the sweet potato fries.
5	Really wanted to find a new place for dinner and gladly stumbled upon this little gem. So used to driving up and down Lake Mead asking my girlfriend, Wendys? In-N-Out? etc... I was worried about the prices initially because of the gourmet label, but we each got a 1/3 lb burger + combo for under 15 dollars. Add dessert to share and it was still under $20.I hate walking up to a counter at a new place and looking stupid by not knowing what to order, but the menu is away from the counter so you have time to customize your burger if you so choose, without holding up the line or saying uhhh...Nice little area outside to eat, and the weather right now is perfect in the evening. They bring your food out to you in a reasonable time, faster than most quick sit down eateries. Even though we sat outside the counter girl, guy who brought our food, and even the owner made a special visit each just to chat and ask if we needed anything / if the food was to our liking. Food was excellent, exceeding our expectations and left us wondering why we always go to fast food drive thru's. The burger was cooked thoroughly and was REAL, non-greasy and tasteful. The texture is almost like handmade but I did not inquire. Girlfriends turkey burger was also an A+. Fresh cut fries were on point, will have to try the others some other time. Like I mentioned this was our first trip so I didn't want to try anything too different for my comfort. Dessert was ridiculous, we usually have sonic and the Create 'custard' blew them out of the water. Strawberries and nuts were mixed throughout, every bite was great, most places have toppings that you never taste halfway in. We also ended up staying over 30 minutes passed closing but didn't get kicked/locked out, or rushed.Good service / friendly staffGreat food and selections to customize so possibilities are endless(you can pick meat/turkey/veggie, bread, sauce, etc)Extremely happy to have another choice, which is now at the top of the list! Will be back many times I'm sure and will tell or bring EVERYONE!!
4	i thought the burgers here were very yummy.i like picking thru all teh different toppings and sauces, and thought my combo was pretty good.service was very nice for a fast food place
3	I seem to be on a burger kick lately and looked forward to trying Create.Like Cheeburger Cheeburger which I recently visited for the first time, Create challenges you to...well... Create your own burger. With plenty of cheeses and toppings to choose from, as well as a choice of buns, there should be something for everyone here. Where I tip the cap to Create, however, is that they do have a few "pre-Created" (?) burgers on the menu for those that aren't feeling creative.I went with the Impressionist, which had jalapenos, spicy mayo and pepper jack cheese.  Overall, a tasty burger, although I felt it could have been warmer (temp wise, not spicy wise). Not sure if the toppings may have cooled it off some.Since I'd just been to Cheeburger Cheeburger, I kept comparing the two burgers and had to say that I like the Cheeburger Cheeburger burger a little better. The sweet potatoes fries were actually a little too sweet, but I loved the regular fries.Never having had frozen custard before I went with two scoops: the flavor of the day, Cake Batter, and Chocolate.  WOW.  The frozen custard just blew my mind and my stomach is still happy.Service was super friendly and helpful.  And the prices were quite reasonable. More $$ than fast food but certainly less than other area burger specialty restaurants.The burning question - Would I go back? The frozen custard tipped my answer to YES.  My burger tip: Create your own with a couple toppings and go for the 1/3 pound. I bet that would have increased my enthusiasm on the burger.When I go back and get Creative with my own burger, I'll update my review.
5	I dont tend to eat out too often, but some of my friends introduced me to Create and i fell in love. I've never been anywhere that i didn't feel bad asking them to hold the tomatoes or put a little extra mayonaisse on my burger, but here, with the option to create your own burger, they're asking you to customize your own burger! Yes you do have the option to order a burger that they've already got on the menu, but even then the burger isn't made until you order it. BIG thumbs up on that one.On to the frozen custard. I've never had it in Vegas, but since i found it at Create i rarely eat ice cream anymore. The prices are great and the custard is definitely worth it.I was pleasantly surprised to be met by the owner when i went. It made me feel far more welcome than other restaurants i've visited in the past. The staff aside was extremely friendly and helped me during my decision making process for the burger i ordered.Create is really close to my house and now i plan on going there each sunday after church. I strongly encourage you to go and try it!!!!
3	After going here for lunch I think Rose O.'s review is spot on. The food was in the 4-5 star range, but the service was in the 2 star range.One day at lunch I noticed that some guys had come back from a new burger place because of the amazing looking sweet potatoes fries I saw them chomping on. I asked them where they got it and they said Create. I had seen the place open up a while back, but never stopped in to check it out. After "sampling" a few fries I decided I would look the place up. When I found out they had a couple of vegetarian dishes I was sold.The next time I went out to lunch with a group from work we figured we would go here. There were a number of us going so we had to take several cars. I hit the gas so we could be the first in line, and first we were. Unfortunately we were the last to get our food and head back to work. That's where the 2 star service comes in. Apparently one of the cashiers made a mistake and had to ring the order up as pickup order.  So we sit around waiting for 20 minutes wondering where the food is and when we ask it was sitting in the kitchen the whole time!Normally I would give them the benefit of the doubt because mistakes sometimes happen, but after reading Rose O.'s review of the place I have a feeling that mistakes are a common occurrence rather than a one off affair.
4	Well Create is a good name for this joint. Get a kick out of some of these reviews bitchin about the service. Hey it's just a burger counter where you order and they bring it out when done. More service than the average burger joint. The choices are endless..from the bun to the meat (turkey & veggie) and toppings and and and.... ...... Felt like a fool the first time I went.  Too many choices, but loved the Portabello Burger. Yummy with a zesty mayo. I liked the sweet potato fries too, but they are a bit on the sweet side.  Frozen custard was a new and moving experience. In n Out is across the street, so my husband goes there and I go for a more refined burger across the street at Create. I can't get over the time I ordered a vegi burger at In N Out and they gave me a bun with lettuce and tomato. WAAAAAAH!
4	Ok, my second time here was much, much better. My first review was not too kind, however the owner of this establishment if passionate about what he offers and I can appreciate that.First off the service is great. Friendly and fast. Period.This time around I ordered the 1/3 pound burger, probably a better choice and not prone to overcooking. The meat was very good, well prepared and presented nicely. I had a cheeseburger, and trust me, with the choices they offer you could make a burger a mile high with toppings but I wanted to keep it basic and it was a good choice. The bun (another key component to a great burger) was perfect. My girlfriend had a 1/3 pounder as well, with the Hawaiian bun and said it was very tasty as well.The fries seemed of the home cut style, not super crispy but taste great and a great side with the burgers.For the finale we did try the custard. VERY tasty stuff here, creamy, dense and rich. A great way to finish off a great meal. Congrats to a burger place that can do it right!
5	This is the kind of locally owned business that I like to support. The friendly owner has always been around every time that I've eaten here. The staff is cool and seem to enjoy their work. The food is excellent and you can tell that a lot of care was taken when creating the menu. You can either create your own burger or select one of the specials which are creative and taste excellent. The custard is also outstanding as it is made on property. I have introduced many people to this restaurant and all have been impressed.
5	Ya know what?  This place was really good.  I ordered the Impressionist. It was a spicy burger with jalepenos and spicy jack cheese.  The burger was cooked perfectly.  I ordered it medium.  I ordered onions rings and got a drink as part of the combo.  The total came to $8.10.  Not bad for what you get.  The burger itself would get a four star.  I felt it should have had more flavor than just jalapenos.  What made this a five star was the onion rings.  There were crunchy, not hard and full of flavor.  Even though I seemed to be the only person in the restaurant who ordered the rings, I thought they were fantastic.  I will be back again to try a different burger and will stick with the rings.
4	Came her for dinner one night and had a very good meal.  Have been to several of the gourmet burger restaurants in Las Vegas and this is a very good neighborhood focused one.Burgers are very good, heavy on the toppings, and side sauces are also very good and very varied.  Good french fries as well, and the sweet potato fries are excellent, crispy (as sweet potato fries can sometimes be soggy in my experience.)My child had a kids meal which was very good and a good value (cheesburger, fries and a small frozen custard with a topping.)I thought the service was very good - owner/manager took our order, and staff was very nice.  Was on a somewhat quiet sat. night.  My child tipping the girl taking orders and she was very grateful.Got to talking to the owner, he knew his business well, and is also a former east coaster (I think he was from Brooklyn.)  Had a nice conversation, and he even brought us a complimentary sample of his frozen custard special flavor of the day (coffee - it was very good).Recommended for a reasonably priced family restaurant with some interesting choices.
5	I love Create. We lived for a while close by for a while and have been going since it opened. I LOVE frozen custard and freaked when I saw them put the sign up and it is good! First few times just came for custard....so simple but its a great thing. Creamy, much denser and silkier than ice cream. Usually an east coast thing that has finally come to this coast. Yays!Got hungry on another visit and we decided to try the burgers and they were yummy! I like that they have different sized burgers and many signature flavors, or you can customize so options are endless. It's been pretty juicy and nicely cooked each time. Good fries, sweet and regular fries, and onion rings are decent. We've gotten so many combos since, and all have been good.  We go pretty big with our burgers so they are juicy and still pink....I think thats the secret to make the burgers here better. The owner Lance is a cool guy and seems really humble and is excited about his place. He likes having us try new flavors when we come in. When he's not there- he has some teens working the counter and the service is okay with just them but typical of highschoolers to not really care as much but hey it's not tableside dining so I don't really mind it- theyre just grabbing my order. Lance remembers us and has asked us on some feedback on previous things we've ordered and it's pleasant to chit chat with him. He says hi to many people who drop in and it's just so nice to see someone care about the people who come in.This is the kind of business owner I give kudos to and want to support! We're loyal fans.
2	I've been wanting to try this place for a while and finally did today.  Very disappointed.It took a long time to take an order.  Both registers were going and there were about 5 people in front of me but was almost 10 mins to place my order.  Not sure what was going on.The restaurant was very loud and it was too windy to eat outside so I decided to make my order to go.  I ordered a medieval burger (bacon cheeseburger with BBQ sauce) and fries to go.  Fries were ok.  Definitely fresh potatoes, which is nice to see, but they were quite limp.  I would have liked to see them double fried so they were more on the crisp side.The burger was horrible and lacked flavor.  The meat was cooked medium but was very quite dry and bland.  Bacon was quite crispy, too much so for my liking, and the bun was gummy.  To be honest, it tasted like a poorly made Western Bacon Cheeseburger from Carl's Jr. but cost twice as much.Given all the 4 and 5 star reviews I'm willing to give this place another shot.  Maybe when it's less busy.
5	I have been visiting this place since it opened and am consistently pleased. Their menu consists of a few pre-made burgers but the draw to the place is the option to make your burger however you want! The options you have here for your burger is pretty ridiculous. I often bite off more then I can chew and get a huge burger just how I ordered it! The variety of toppings and sauces you can get make you options almost limitless here. If you decided to make it a combo you can have your choice of a salad, French fries or sweet potato fries. The owner of the place is almost always there and willing to talk to you. They have a consistently friendly staff of cute younger girls. As with many places sometimes it is over busy and understaffed but usually expect you food about 5-10mins after you order. Overall the price is reasonable and the staff is friendly. I recommend it to anyone who enjoys a good burger!
4	I've heard so much about Create from my snowshoeing buds who hit it on their way back from Mt Chuck that when my running friend called me one night wanting to get some grub, I knew exactly where I wanted to go...since she lived right around the corner from the store, it's only right that I choose a spot near her home, right?  So we walk in. There is ample parking in the strip mall lot, the facade is clean and neat.   Sufficient seating for around 50 patrons???  Guessing...Clean inside, bathrooms are clean.  There is a  process for ordering, so if this is your first foray into burger paradise, don't be nervous; they are there to help and will do so with a smile and zero, zip, nada attitude.  There are three resources you can use for your order preparation.  A sandwich board upon entering, strategically placed to your right as you enter the front door.  There is a menu board above and behind the counter and then you can pick  up a paper menu and fill out a check list to place your order.  However, I believe the boards have more ingredients listed, so you can write in your selected ingredients.  Several bread selections as well as lettuce wrapped options are available.  My friend, she got the Portabello wrapped in lettuce and a side salad that all looked filling and refreshing all at once.  I, however, submitted to my whims and got down with a 1/3 pound Angus burger on the Hawaiian bun, lettuce, tomato, pickles special sauce and the best fries I've had to date.  I heard that that sweet potato fries are rockin' too.  Can't wait for my next visit to try the highly recommended Turkey burger with the sweet tater fries.We sampled the Custard and it was AMAZIING!  If I weren't so full from my dinner, I would have had a custard.  Maybe next time.The staff is nice, the place is clean and the Grub is rockin'.  I'm going back again someday and brining friends with.  Fighting the urge to go there now.Chow!
4	Love it, 4.5 stars.  I have been coming here since it first opened and it's one of my favorite places to eat.  Just a quick recap it's a burger place where you basically pick out exactly what you want on your burger, from the type of lettuce to about 25 different sauces they have, endless.  The meat is tasty and all there different buns are soft and fresh so if you don't like it there is no one to blame but yourself.  They have different size beef patties, turkey, meat free, and portabella caps for you vegitarians or if you are just feeling healthy.  Their fries are OK but there sweet potato fries are real good.  They have delicious custard too and there flavors change daily.  You can get sundays, shakes, or get the custard with toppings mixed in like coldstone does. I talked to the owner a bit when they first opened and he had all kinds of taste tests with friends and family and the end result shows.  The service is real friendly and the owner is always there.     I think the prices are real cheap, 2 people can have burgers, fries, and sodas for under 20 bucks, good for me.  It's not a fast food place after all.P.S.  My favorite is the 1/3lb on a hawaiian bun with pepper jack, grilled pineapple, lettuce tomato and red onion, mayo and teriyaki.
4	Quality and always packed with people.
4	*Cute/clean atmosphere - Check*Great value/affordable - Check (some people call this place expensive - but I think $7 for a combo at a "nice" burger place is reasonable)*Awesome fries and SWEET POTATO fries - Check *Cool topping list - Check (pineapple, lots of veggies, tons of sauces, etc)*Freaking awesome custard - banana was the flavor of the day! We mixed it with caramel and oreos - OMG good.*Juicy burger - nopeSo this is my issue with Create. I ordered a 1/4 lb burger and asked if they could cook it medium. They said no it was too small and would have to be well done. Alright, I don't mind a well done burger (ie I love in and out and their's are certainly small and well done!).  The burger comes out and while it's tasty cause of all the awesome toppings I added to it, the burger itself was very dry. Not only was it very dry it was flavorless. If you're going to make a dry burger at least season it well so it tastes delicious. I'm a huge beef fan and when I eat a burger I'm looking for that certain "j ne se qua" .. the magic.. the beefy goodness that is a burger! In n Out provides that for a freaking $1.29, not sure why they can't get it right here.Overall : blah burger with awesome toppings. I'm rounding it up from 3 to 4 stars based on the amazing custard and overall decent value.
3	The service was sub par when I went. By the time I could eat my burger (they forgot an ingredient), the rest of my burger was cold! Nonetheless, the burger tasted great when I got home and ate it. You are able to customize your own burger via a small clipboard with options you check off. It's about $10 with a drink for a decent sized burger.They accommodated our group of 12 quite well considering that the place isn't that big, But, customer service was affected... tremendously.I would probably go back because I am interested in trying out the other creations, but I haven't. I am just not that big of a fan of burgers in general.
4	I love this place for a burger, which is saying something with an In 'n' Out a block away!  Their staff is very helpful if you want tips on designing one of their special order burgers, or for recommendations on which prebuilt combination is best.   The atmosphere is very comfortable and they have a nice HDTV to watch some Impressionist paintings sort of Ken Burns-effect at you while you munch.  Sweet potato fries have been mentioned and for good reason!   Their dessert combos are also really good, but if you order a burger you'll probably be too full to have some ice cream! Watch out for the atomic mayo-laden jalapeno burger, it'll nuke your mouth.
2	Review for Custard only: =Chocolate Custard with Strawberries and Bananas - First off the Bananas were not ripe, so it was bitter. I was given a lot of fruits but that had to make up for the lack of custard ( I did not get much a all). The custard was o.k. I guess, not a strong chocolate taste at all ,umm basically it was nothing to remember...=Vanilla Custard with Sprinkles - The vanilla custard reminded me of soft serve ice cream ( I don't care for soft serve) and how can you go wrong with sprinkles?For two small custards it took a real long time for the young lady to prepare these. Sherridan's in Henderson is way better!!!
3	Crowded when we walked in. First time there so didn't know what was going on. I saw people with clip boards so I took one too... Ordered our burgers. The paper said to try the house sauce, but no reference was made as to how it would taste...sweet? Tangy? Spicy? Who knows, didn't try it. 2 adults 1 child...food took close to an hour to come out. My husband asked the girl for ranch dressing when she brought out our food... She tells my husband to use the ranch that was with my food...WTF? What if I didn't want to share that small dish of ranch? What if I want to double dip! Really?! Burgers are ok. Toppings make the burger. Sweet potato French fries are really good! My kid's meal came with custard... Not bad. But who messes up chocolate? I was comparing to smashburger down the street.... I think I like the friendly and fast service at smashburger.... Really nice down the way.
4	Just tried Create tonight on a date with the hubby.  Great place to build your own burger and custard sundaes!  Too many choices for me, so I opted for the pre-designed option:  The Abstract Burger (veggie) made Renaisance-style (provolone, pineapple, onion, tomato, terriyaki sauce) on a Hawaiian bun with sweet potato fries.  Yum!  Next time I'd like to try the Portobello burger...and opt for a wheat bun and maybe get a little more creative with toppings, but the combinations are endless...The options for the custard is just as abundant!  Candy, nuts, berries, sauces...and of course the pre-set combos.  I tried the Berriesoho sundae in a cone...strawberries, blueberries, blackberries, whipped cream, and vanilla custard.  I think it was the first time someone asked for a sundae in a cone, but it worked.  The only problem was that it was melting faster than I could eat it, but still very yum!Great place for ppl who like choices and want to be creative.  The people who work there are very friendly and the place is kept clean.  It's a little too pricey for me to be a "regular" place to eat, but I will definitely go back again.
4	What can I say? This place makes you create any burger you want, you get any toppings, sauces, cheese, and hey you even get to pick your own bun or you can even get it protein style! The place is nice and clean. lots of parking, and the staff is friendly. So I totally recommend this place if your craving for a burger.
5	I've ate here 2 times within 5 days it is so good! 1st time I tried the create your own with the veggie patty and it was excellent. Even when I knew I was full I couldn't stop eating till it was all gone. 2nd time I got the Impressionist with a Portobello mushroom instead of a beef patty, OMG it was awesome. Plus I got a side of onion rings which where just perfect. They where crispy and made perfectly. I suggest everyone go give them a try, totally worth it!
4	Delightful!  Hubby is from Wisconsin and cries that we don't have a Kopp's (http://www.kopps.com) here.  Well, this was the closest we have been here.  The burgers were really good and he got to get custard, as well.  Still not Kopp's, but close enough that we will drive from Henderson to Summerlin again when we have a desire to eat quality burgers.
5	Wonderful food with fantastic service! I loved the frozen custard and the burger was great too. Only cons= no trash cans, as this is a place where the staff takes care of you and clears the tables for you after eating. This is only a problem if you don't know this and walk from corner to corner in the restaurant looking for a trash can. Also, sometimes this place can be a ZOO with unruly children running amok, this is not the restaurant's fault just the rude parents who visit with their undisciplined children.
5	An easy 5-stars for me!  Just about any burger finickiness anyone can have will be satisfied here, and the people working here genuinely seem happy to help you in every way.  One of the girls working the counter took the time to patiently walk my 7 and 9 year-olds through the clipboard menu, where they mark off their choices (size, type of bun, toppings, sauces, etc.).  Another guy helped my wife review every type of burger that was offered while standing at the big stand-up menus.  And it didn't stop there.After bringing our food to the table, one or more of the people working the counter or bringing food out would consistently (but not disruptively) glance over to see how we were doing, and somehow, would know when the time was right to ask if we needed anything.  I also noticed that when a party vacated a booth, it took about 5 seconds before someone came over and did a thorough cleaning job on the table.  The place is spotless and visually very pleasing in every way.The food?  Well...consider that it's located 1/4 miles east of an In 'n Out Burger and 1/4 west of a SmashBurger...and it was crowded at 8:30 p.m. on Monday night, that says more than anything I could say!Oh...and unlike the other 2 places, a half hour after devouring my burger and yummy frozen custard, I was *pleasantly* full.  If I had eaten at the other places, I would've been looking for a bathroom!!*Create* definitely is doing something right, and I only hope even more people discover this place!  If you ask my 9 year old, she would say it's the place that looks like a T-Mobile or Cricket cell phone store (from the outside, it has the bright lime green neon graphics!!).  But much better eats here than an Android phone!  Go check it out  for yourself!!PS - How Heidi Knapp Rinella of the LVRJ could give Smashburger an A- overall and Create a B, I'll never know!  Maybe Smashburger has the "nostalgia factor" working for it, but unfortunately, the excess grease in Smash's burgers is probably the most nostalgic element, considering how burgers were made back in the 60's and 70's (and yes, I was there).
3	So, I've been into burgers lately and trying to find different places who will serve me a giant-honking beef patty that'll satisfy my preggo appetite.  Me and the hubby it up Create on a Tuesday night, an hour before closing.  I was happy that the place wasn't completely empty, a few people here and there, because that always makes me feel awkward having the staff watch you eat because there's nothing else for them to do.The hubby and I decided to take the option to make our own burgers.  He got a 1/3 pound (majestic) to be cooked medium well, with Hawaiian bread, cheddar cheese, tomatoes, grilled pineapple, and green leaf lettuce with teriyaki sauce.  I got a 1/2 pound (monarch) to be cooked medium, with a lettuce wrap, cheddar cheese, tomatoes, grilled onions and a fried egg ($.55 extra) with the garlic mayo (highly recommended by the cashier, he said he eats everything with it).  We both got combos, hubby decided on sweet potato fries and I got a side salad (salad is an extra $.99).We found a booth, had a sat, and waited for our food.  It actually didn't take too long, but they mixed-up our orders a bit, the wrong sides for the wrong burgers.  Not a big deal, we just asked for a extra plate (that took about 5 minutes) and then got down and dirty into our meat patties.  They both looked really good, but the burgers were well overly cooked.  The burgers got the crap cooked outta them (well done + an extra 5 minutes), but they still had a bit meat juice left in them.  I felt the beef itself was missing something...oh flavor!  It didn't seem like they season the meat, which is a shame.  At a place that is serving strictly burgers (yes, I know they have custard too, but we didn't try any this time around), I tend not to season it and let the burger speak for itself.  The garlic mayo is way overwhelming by itself, like a punch in the face with a garlic bulb, but on the burger it seemed to have mellowed out and was really yummy.  It helped my dried out burger taste better.  The side salad was just some chopped lettuce with tomatoes, cucumber, and some dried out carrot grated on top, nothing to get excited about and I'm still wondering if it was worth paying the extra $1 for.The hubby liked his burger and his fries, he does have a very large sweet tooth.  I didn't get a taste of it, but he said he enjoyed it and did notice the overcooked burger.  A little surprising because he normally doesn't comment on things like that so it wasn't just me being crazy picky preggers lady!When we were there, we weren't the only ones having overcooked cow problems.  There was another couple that complained and I'm pretty sure they made them a new order.  I was way too hungry to send it back after a taste and wait for another one.  Baby would have been pissed to tease her with food and then wait for it to come back.  My insides would have been bruised.Overall, the jury is still out if we'll go back for burgers, but we will probably try the custard sometime in the future.
4	Our first visit was great! Good burgers, good service. We'll definitely be back!
4	Absolutely a fantastic idea to pair hamburgers and frozen yogurt!! We came here on the 4th of July weekend to fill our hamburger cravings. I like the fact you can create (as the name implies) your own hamburgers, more so the fixings than the patty itself. It's great how they have a variety of buns, toppings and endless sauces to go on the side. The fries also come in regular or sweet potato versions. I always go with the latter. No complaints here just good food. After eating my entire hamburger and fries, I ordered the Smithsonian Masterpiece: 4 scoops of vanilla frozen custard, chocolate syrup, caramel, nuts and whip cream. It was overkill. I could not control my need to super size everything and fat out. My only suggestion is to limit the desert or you may be lethargic for the rest of the day! By the way the staff is so friendly and attentive. A + for that.
5	Create is on my list of "reasons I should have moved to Summerlin instead of Henderson"  Hopefully Create will be removed from the list soon, there is a store on Eastern in the works but the word from my latest visit was"money is tight".  Understandable, just know that if you build it they will come!  For now this is our only detour off 95 when we go to Charleston for the day.  Easy 5 star~
4	I totally love to create, and Create is the best place to do it.  After countless drive by's and wonderment, I decided to pop in a few days ago and try it out for lunch.  This is one of those places where it's your fault if your burger tastes like crap because you choose your toppings.  I think that's fantastic!  After all, what's not fun about making a crazy burger and trying it out?Since it was our first time we took a few suggestions from the dude behind the counter and went with the hawaiian bun (it's like Hawaiian bread, sweet and yellowish), and I went for a fried egg, mushroom, roasted peppers and provolone cheese.  My boyfriend went for something quite similiar.  We ordered some sweet potato fries on the side and sat down with our number.  The burger itself is great.  I love the texture and flavor of the meat.  On top of that, their toppings are good and make it fun to eat.  What I really enjoyed here was dessert--their concrete.  I love custard now and will order it here whenever I crave it.  Our first experience with custard was their berry concrete: vanilla custard with berries mixed in and topped with a nice heap of whipped cream.  It was yummy.  Overall, great experience and definitely a joint I'll return to often.
4	I think this place is awesome!  We stopped in for a snack and I have to admit, I made a monstrosity of a burger when it came time to do so.  I had the intention of making a small burger to satisfy my burger craving so I went for a 1/4 lb patty.  All of a sudden I saw this list of ingredients and before I knew it my snack turned into a what was almost a fork and knife situation.  They had a lot of my favorite toppings and the end result was a burger consisting of attributes from breakfast, lunch and dinner.  And even after all that it was still cheaper than any other burger of I've had of it's caliber.I love berries and I love vanilla.  They sell frozen custard here and one of the selections consisted of the previously mentioned ingredients.  I can't remember the name of the concoction but I'll be sure to get it the next time I stop in.  The staff was pleasant and helpful and the restaurant was clean.  I would definitely come back for another burger and tasty frozen treat.
4	If not for Groupon, I'd never have tried this place.Sure, they have some pre-constructed burgers for you to choose from, but the fun and the sheer amount of time deciding between all of the customizable options is what this place is about.  It seriously took me and the girlfriend 20 m to decide how to construct each of our burgers.Part of the problem was that there are no samples or pictures for you to review.  That would have helped immensely.  The pictures for the add-ons and some samples of the various sauces would have been good.  Or just have all the sauces available for you to just pump yourself.  That would've been fine too.  It was kinda fun constructing the burger though.The burgers did take a bit on the longer side to come out.  But they were nicely cooked and tasty.  The sweet potato fries I ordered were good, not great.  The onion rings were massive.  Also tried to follow up with the chocolate frozen custard, but they were out so we settled for the vanilla custard with caramel and fresh cut strawberries - nice!Overall, I really enjoyed my experience here.  Also, the nice young server by the name of Spencer was a pleasure to interact with.  I overheard her boss tell an old couple to ask her to show them her "guns."  And she did.  She works out folks and she packs Smith & Wesson!
3	Checked this place out on a Friday night around 730PM.  We had a BOGO Combo coupon from the Entertainment Book.  Thought it was going to be pretty busy, but it was only about 2/3 full when we got there and about 1/2 full when we left.  It's a little confussing as to how to get your order in and the large menu to read is in a weird place.  We actually didn't notice it until we were leaving.Went with the make-it-yourself burgers.  His: 1/2LB patty with just about any/every topping he liked and regular fries.  He liked it, but did comment that it probably wasn't the best combo of toppings (his bad for not thinking it through).  It did get really messy though, and had to finish it up with a fork and knife.  Mine: 1/4LB patty with mostly veggies, wrapped in lettuce (more like sandwiched with 2 large lettuce leaves) with sweet potato fries (tasty-  tossed with cinnamon and brownsugar).  Total, with the coupon, came to about $12- 2 burgers, 2 fries, 2 drinks.  They do charge extra for sweet potato fries ($.60 I think), and for premium toppings (like avocado, bacon, sauteed mushrooms, etc).Overall, the burgers were tasty and filling.  As mentioned, the toppings kind of overpower the meat, but that was fine with us.  You can go as basic or as intricate as you want.  There are a ton of toppings to choose from which makes for a very neat concept, but I think I'd try SmashBurger down the street, before giving this place another shot.
4	A burger sounds like a simple thing.Oh...but it can be such a wonderful thing. Create does a mean burger...you could want a kitchen sink on it and low and behold you will find it one the list of ingredients. The salads are fabulos too....I was impressed! Even for the vegitarian folks there is something for everyone. Did I mention the sweet potato fries are to die for! Becareful if you add more than one thing...make sure the burger makes it to the table with all you ordered. Staffing is a little hit or miss but be patient...the burger is worth it.
5	I don't give out 5 stars on a regular basis.   When I do, it means I've found an absolute keeper. Burgers were on the mind and it was a toss-up between Smash Burger and Create. I opted to go for Create after consulting Yelp (of course!) and the green in their signage attracted me too.  Yes, silly things like a color and font can sway my decision. I am so glad I did. The hubs and I decided to get the Impressionist with regular fries and the Dali with the Sweet Potato fries. Yum... We split the two burgers so we'd both get a chance to sample the tastiness. They were fantastic! The Dali had very subtle flavors but good nonetheless. It was a bit messy and mushy but still good.  The Impressionist was a flavor explosion.  It definitely had a zing to them that I liked.... A LOT! The lettuce, tomato and jalapenos were nice, cold and crispy and the burger was cooked just right. Drool....  The fries were good. Crispy and not overdone. The sweet potato fries were a surprise. Very tasty. I normally don't like sweet potato fries but I couldn't help myself from eating these. Yes... They're good! The staff was helpful throughout the entire process. From the time that we walked in to the moment we left, they took the time to see if we needed any help. They explained the ordering process when we looked puzzled at all over the options, which was initially a bit overwhelming. Overall, a great experience.  I'm already looking forward to my next stop.
5	Co-worker took me here before a pre-season baseball game and I was very pleased with the burger, and the options you get.  I love the fact that you can put what you want on the burger instead of going to places and having to ask can you take this out or wishing you could add something to it.  Not to mention you can get it cooked how you want I ordered mine med-rare and I got med-rare.  Great taste very juicy and made how you wanted.  The only thing I would say about the place is maybe the men's restroom could be cleaner.
4	Choices, choices, choices. I think I've been to this place about 15-20 times and every time I try a little something different on my burger. They have several different types of buns, veggies, and a myriad of sauces that keep you coming back for more. And unlike Smashburger which offers a similar setup they don't charge you an arm and a leg for each add-on.Great price, big juicy delicious burgers, and a friendly staff/owner make for a big winner in my book.
4	I love hamburgers to death but if I eat them as much as I want to I would be some kind of crazed 800 lb shut in requesting that McDonald's build a drive through that goes into my mouth.  This makes me sad.    This is why I love Create.  Create has healthy alternatives to the tradition hamburger.  They have turkey burgers, portabello burgers, and veggie burgers as well as the traditional hamburger.  Man o man that is awesome.  Plus they have some of the biggest selection of toppings I have ever seen from traditional to out right wacky. The sweet potato fries are also amazing.   Plus I love spicy food and there "Atomic Sauce" is definitely one of the better spicy sauces I've ever had.  The only negative I would say is that there actual beef burger could probably use a better quality of spices because it is a little bland ( just a little).  You can easily off set this with the amazing array of topping.All in All great place!
4	Heard some good things about this place from a coworker and wanted to give it a try since I've been comparing burgers everywhere i go lately. My first thought as i entered the restaurant was "how the f*** do i order???"  they have these little clipboards up by the cashier with order sheets.  You simply go down the list choosing what you want.  Its a bit overwhelming at first but just relax, take a deep breath, and slowly choose what you want.  They have so many toppings from alfalfa sprouts to grilled pineapples.  for i believe 85 cents more, you can add either mushrooms, quac, bacon or an egg.  My burger -1/3 lb (a bit big, 1/4 lb would've been a better choice, but im a fat@ss)-Wheat Bun-Onions, lettuce, sprouts, grilled pineapple, tomatoes-Added mushrooms (im a fungi fanatic)-Swiss Cheese-Chipotle ranch sauceresults = MUY BUENO!!!I was very pleased with my choices, only thing i would have changed was the size of the burger but it tasted amazing.Afterwards, I decided to get  strawberry shake which was also a good choice.  The custard based shake made the consistency very thick which i love.  Also the counter girl hooked it up with a mountain of whip cream which made everything that much better.Is it better than bachi burger? - noIs it better than smash burger? - yes
5	We LOVE this place!!Staff is always so friendly it's exactly what customer service should be. After coming in only once, they remembered my order and my name. With that being said, the custard is addictive. I usually get the chocolate, but have had the coffee and the vanilla. All three are great and have yet to disappoint. The burgers are great too. I'm not a big burger person but I'll eat Create's. I came here recently with a friend who is on a diet. I was afraid he wasn't really going to be able to enjoy anything but he ended up being just fine with a turkey burger with lettuce wrap "bun", no cheese, and a side salad instead of fries. Create is fantastic, and if anything it's definitely worth a stop in, even if it's just for some custard.
5	First of all, lemme say something, loud and clear.   I LOVES ME SOME PORTABELLO BURGER!Create sits, unassumingly, near the corner of Lake Mead and Tenaya on the NW side of the valley.  There is no shortage of eateries in this area.  Good (as well as mediocre) restaurants abound.  And yes, it sits there, its white and life-affirming green signage beckoning passersby like a conHm. I was just looking at my reviews and noticed that this one just.... ends. Like it has just fallen off a cliff or something.  No idea what happened to that.  Wish I did, 'cuz that last sentence was set up to be a killer.  Oh well.Go to Create. It's delish, versatile, bright and shiny, and earth-friendly.  Eat a burger, love the planet.  It's a win win.
3	My review may be a bit unfair because I do not live anywhere near Create, and I had to drive quite a bit out of my way to get there, but I did enjoy what I got at Create.  The atmosphere was a little too bustling for my taste, but that was most likely because there was a large grouping of girl scouts the night I was there.  The idea of Create is very cool, and is a rising trend in burger restaurants: create your own burger.  You pick up a clipboard with a sheet of paper giving you options for your burger, and boy do they have options at Create!  You could choose between 1/4, 1/3, 1/2 # patties, and many other choices, but I got the 1/3.  You could choose the bun, the cheese, toppings, and sauce.  The sauces is where the options because almost limitless.  They probably have around 20 different sauces to choose from.  Sauces range anywhere from different mayos like Horseradish, Cajun, Garlic, or regular mayo to steak sauce and their in-house special sauce.  I got a 1/3 pound burger with pepper jack cheese, roasted green chiles, grilled onions, white bun, green leaf lettuce, and cajun mayo.  I ordered a side of their special sauce to dip the fries in, which I would highly suggest.  The burger was good.  Not great, not bad (by any means), but good.  I felt that it lacked some crunchiness, but how can I complain when it's me choosing the ingredients!  The best parts of the burger were the patty (very juicy), and the cajun mayo.  Their sauces are one of their high points, and I feel like this is a very important thing to be good at.  The fries were actually pretty impressive, tasting a lot like In-N-Out's fries, giving me the assumption they use fresh potatoes.  The sweet potato fries were also very good, but weren't any different than most sweet potato fries.  Overall, I would go back to Create if it weren't so far, and would probably come back if I was in the area.  But with the abundance of great burger places where I live, I probably won't be driving to come here anytime soon (and I am known to drive large distances to get great food)!
5	The people that work there are great, and the food is so awesome and it's great that you can customize. I eat there ALOT. There is so much to choose from and it is all good.
4	After reading many reviews on Yelp and driving past this joint 100's of times, I finally decided to stop by today for lunch to check it out myself.  I decided to give myself a treat after a great workout at the gym.....have to give back some of the calories, right?I had no idea how it worked and the menu in the restaurant is posted at the front door facing your back when you enter...so you see it when you exit.....what the hell?  Seems very illogical to me, but whatever.  Because I didn't see the menu when I walked in, I had no idea what to do....so I asked the kid at the register, how does this work?  He kind of looked at me with a puzzled expression and said "You place an order and I take it"......he was kidding around and explained that there are specialty Burgers that I can choose from or I can "Create" my own.  You choose 1/4, 1/3, or 1/2 lb patties, the bread, and the toppings.After browsing the specialty Burgers for a minute, I decided I wanted to order two of them.  I ordered a 1/4 lb Dali Burger  with White Bread & (Avocado, Peppers, Onions, Monterey Jack Cheese, Lettuce, Tomato, & Southwestern Ranch) and a 1/4 lb Impressionist Burger with Onion Bread & (Cajun Seasoning, Jalapenos, Lettuce, Tomato, Pepper Jack, & Atomic Mayo w/side of BBQ Sauce) and a bottle of Water.  He suggested that I get a side of BBQ Sauce with the Impressionist Burger....I took him up on his recommendation.  Total damage ($11.73), for the Burgers & bottled Water.  The price you see on the menu is the combo price.  He issued me a number and my change and told me they would bring out the Burgers when it was ready.The restaurant has plenty of seating and nice comfortable booths....not what I expected.  They also sell Frozen Custard here....since I'm unfamiliar with what that is, I passed on trying it this visit.After a few minutes my order was delivered by the manager.  He apologized because they ran out of Guacamole and substituted it with whole Avocado on the Dali Burger....I told him that was fine.  I started to take pics of the food and when he saw me, he asked if I wanted a picture with the Burger....I laughed and said yes.  What a nice guy.I jumped into the Impressionist Burger first.....I couldn't wait to try it since it was loaded with Spicy Toppings.....I decided to take the first bite without the BBQ Sauce.  Wow....it was Spicy!  It had a very nice kick to it....not too blazing hot, but very enjoyable.  I am impressed because most joints make their mild....not this one!  Then I tried it with the BBQ Sauce per the cashier kid's advice.....yum!  The BBQ Sauce combined with the spicy flavor of the Atomic Mayo, Jalapenos, and Pepper Jack made this burger taste really good.  I wish I would have ordered a 1/3 lb patty though as the 1/4 lb seemed to be too small with all of the toppings.  The Beef was very flavorful, but I could have used more of it...next time I'll get the 1/3 or 1/2 lb patty....my bad.After devouring the Impressionist, I went for the Dali Burger.  I loaded the Avocados into the Burger and again took a bite before I tried it with the Southwest Ranch Sauce.....it was pretty good, but needed the Ranch.  I poured some of the Ranch with each subsequent bite.....wow, another excellent Burger!  The Onion Bun added to it.....another great recommendation from the cashier kid....he must eat a ton of their Burgers to figure out great combinations of stuff.Overall, it was a good experience....fresh, flavorful ingredients and the ability to customize your Burger are the highlights of this place.  The one knock would be the Bread....it was very "doughy" and just didn't do it for me.....tasted like and had the consistency of Wonder Bread.  Despite that flaw, I still gave it 4 Stars.Will I return?  I want to try some of the other specialty burgers as well as up the patty size....so, yeah I will be returning soon!
4	Create was first recommended to me by a friend that said I should hold a group outing here.  I had looked it up and decided that I should check this place out, cuz man, do I enjoy a good burger.  On the way to a friends house I realized, whoa, she is right around the corner from Create.  She had never eaten there before so we both decided, why not?The menu is odd, because you have to literally create your own burger.  Now, the choices and combination are way to large for me to want to do the math on, but when you know what you're doing, its a piece of cake.I don't really remember exactly what I had that day, or the several visits after, but each creation was amazing.  Now that is partially my fault as I am the one picking the toppings/sauces, but the show stopper is the burger itself.  The meat is perfectly cooked, comes apart in your mouth and is just heaven.  The sweet potato fries are amazing, as well as the onion rings and the french fries.  You can't go wrong with either of the side choices.In short, I drive across town to eat here.  That's enough to show its merit as a burger place.
5	this burger is the best try it with grilled pineapple and teryaki  and there sweetpotato fries are yummy been there half a dozen times sometimes the sweetpotato fries are over cinamond but that is my only complaint. Burgers are cooked perfect and you can pick as many topings as you want,one other thing there prices have been going up but thats understandable i guess for the economy still super cheap two people can eat for under 20$ with drinks.so yummy
3	We discovered Create through a coupon offer.  Over all it was good and we would go back.  I was disappointed in the fact they use Angus beef.  I personally don't like it.  So I got the turkey burger.  It's a frozen patty (I asked) but seasoned by them very well.  There are a lot of choices for the create your own combos, different breads, sauces, toppings, etc.  That was a plus as they had some unique choices.The place was very clean and the staff was very nice.  I wish we could give 1/2 stars as I would have given 31/2 stars, but for me (Angus beef, yuck) I just couldn't go 4 or 5.  But next time I'm in the mood for a turkey burger, I will keep it in mind.
3	Not bad.  In theory, Create is an amazing burger joint.  The menu allows you to choose what type of burger meat you want (angus, buffalo, etc).  It gives you a grocery store's worth of options for toppings, including varieties of cheese, veggies, etc.  And if they did a good job cooking the burger, Create would be a five star place.But Create fails on the fundamentals.  A burger joint should let you choose how you want the meat cooked (rare, medium rare, medium, etc.).  Create doesn't.  It's unfortunately one of those restaurants that requires all burgers to be cooked medium-well (probably on the advice of some lawyer without taste buds).  And a medium-well burger makes my  taste buds cry.That said, their toppings were fresh and damn tasty (I had my burger with cheddar and avocado).  They also have sweet potato fries as an option and they did a solid job with those.  The milk shakes were outstanding (although can you really screw up a milk shake?  It's the perfect sweet, tasty treat).So, 5 stars if you don't mind tasteless burger meat.  Otherwise, Create gets 3.
2	Didn't like it at all. Even my kids were not pleased
4	I'm not a burger kind of guy and I LOVE CREATE.  Between the friendly demeanor of the kids working there, the top-to-bottom versatility of what your burger can be, and the milkshakes/frozen custard bar, it's a hip spin on burger places.I usually don't eat fast food since it's greasy and terrible for you.  But being that the food is prepared fresh and cooked to order (Uh... dunno about that one reviewer but I always get my burger medium-rare, so I don't know where they're getting 'not cooked to order.'), without preservatives or feeling like I was putting an artery-bomb in my body, I love their food.  My favorites are the modernist and the dali.  Mmmm, mushrooms and avocado....But it's literally a build from the ground up style burger joint that allows you to customize it to no end.  The price is very reasonable and the sweet potato fries are indeed delicious.
4	i live about thirty minutes away from here, so everytime i am on this side of town i ask my mom (I'm usually out shopping with her there) if we can try a new place rather than the normal fast food or panera quick lunches. I'm so glad i got her to go to create for a quick lunch! she was craving in and out so a burger joint was just the right persuasion. she loved it! as did i! we shared the classical combo in the small size (1/4) on a hawaiian sweet bun with a side of sweet potato fries. i do believe i can proclaim them the best sweet potato fries in las vegas. they had a hint of cinnamon to give it that extra sweet flavor and very fresh. YUM! the burger was juicy and messy. (just the way i like em!) my mom drank some of the jasmine tea and said it tasted a bit watery. that was the only let down, but on another upside to the food it all came to right over 8 dollars too! what a good deal.i will be back to create to try a new burger and hopefully the turkey and portobello. they sound quite divine.
4	I'm not a burger girl, so I'm not generally drawn to places like this... thankfully for them, my husband loves all things beef and this was on his radar. We stopped here on a lazy Saturday afternoon for a late lunch and had one of the best meals we've ever had. Mike had a burger he built himself (and they have some creative suggestions, too) and there wasn't a crumb left. I opted for a chicken sandwich and it was to die for. Moist, tender, totally delicious on a wheat bun that was as doughy as a white roll would be. To top it off, we tried both their sweet potato and regular fries-- both scrumptious! This place is a drive for us but it's totally worth it and we'll make special trips for it.
3	We have been here twice. The first time was quite a while ago, soon after Create opened. That time we each created our own burgers. I don't recall exactly what we ordered, but I do remember that we both liked our burgers but thought they were over-priced.Create gets really good reviews and it's really close to our home, so we decided to give it another try last night.This time we decided to get their specialty burgers. We got a Medieval and a Dali.The Medieval is a cheeseburger with bacon and BBQ sauce. It reminded me of Carl's Jr.'s western bacon but at two to three times the price.The Dali has guac, cheese, peppers, and southwestern ranch. It was good but nothing special.We also shared an order of onion rings. They were perfectly cooked.Create is good but not something I would go out of my way for.
4	Was nearby, felt like a burger and stopped in....WOW what a find!  Great burgers, great prices......highly recommend.
3	Why is it so hard to find the dark green true dill pickles?  Why are these almost white kosher dills that have little flavor and a less than pleasing texture so popular?  Thye must be cheaper. Aside from that the bacon wasn't crispy as I'd asked and there wasn't much avocado. The white bread bun was a little dense for my liking.  The BOGO from the entertainment coupon book was a good value. Overall the burger was decent, but just not a 4.
5	This is a great place for burgers and fries and a drink for under $10... The custard is pretty good too! Family owned and no gambling items or other typical Vegas drawbacks for affordable non fast food locals.
2	Since Create opened I have RAVED about this place to friends and co workers. I have been busy and haven't had a chance to go for a while.We went back again last night, and what happened to Create since I have been away??? When we got up to the counter we were always greeted with a giant smile with a friendly cashier. The guy working yells out NEXT! And says, what can I get for you like he's in a rush. I didn't get the friendly warmness I had previously experienced. Then we wait for our food and were watching a guy sweeping the floor who then brings our food out...I KNOW FOR A FACT he didn't wash his hands, they were oblivious.Then the guy at the cash register brought out our food along with the guy who was sweeping.  When we got our order 2 of the 4 plates were wrong. My husband got chicken instead of a burger. My son didn't get pineapple or teriyaki sauce on his.It just wasn't a great experience. The guy who I am thinking was the manager on duty was not very friendly and didn't seem like he knew what the heck he was doing and didn't seem to be very happy. Most importantly, I just wish the guy on the register and the guy sweeping weren't also delivering food.
5	It's been quite a long time since we've been back and I'm kinda sad I bypassed it for a while. I would actually crave their burgers which is not something I do often. I am not a "burger person" really, and can only enjoy them thoroughly if it's a rare occasion. We were coming here at least once a month when we lived in the area.The inlaws told us that they tried it a few months ago and the burger was so well done that it was nasty (which means it must've been toasted since they eat well done meat!). Came back to prove them wrong since it's always been consistent when the BF and I would go and we've eaten here at least a dozen times before my Yelping days. We all opted for create a burger. I love this idea since I like to get pretty crazy with mine. I like that they aren't topping or sauce nazis like some places (Grind). I mean for some people this may be a bad thing because some people don't pick combos that are good and then it isn't the places fault but our fault (course that never reflects on the person as they write their review). I took a picture of my sheet so people can see how extensive the selections are and how free they let you create. One thing I noticed is that they didn't ask how the beef is to be cooked? Before we always ordered it a medium rare to get a happy pink core instead of done....but it could be because they got the small patty and before we used to order 1/3 or 1/2. Either way, the patty came out a medium well so there was a little pink in there and still juicy. Mine was a monster! Turkey burger with garlic mayo on Hawaiian bread. I packed it with onion, field greens, alfalfa sprouts, feta, olives, cucumber, tomato and chilies. Yeah I know it's a lot of stuff, but I was going for a fresh veggie packed almost salad burger kinda thing. I got some red pepper dressing on the side. I loved the flavors of what I picked and the meat was nicely cooked on it.BF got a 1/4 with Hawaiian bread and garlic mayo. Topped with mushrooms, green chiles, pepper jack, field greens, grilled onions. Grandma got 1/4 on wheat with pepper jack, grilled onions pickles and green chiles. Mom got a 1/4 on white and garlic mayo.Topped with roasted red pepper, avocados, pepper jack, and grilled onions. Everyone enjoyed their burgers and it seemed the popular topping favorite is the green chiles so you can't go wrong with the little tangy zing it gives. The inlaws wanted theirs more seasoned, but they eat a lot more salt than we do because the BF and I thought the seasoning on the meat was enough. We also shared fresh cut fries and sweet potato fries. If you like straight forward sweet potato fries then theirs is good here. The regular fries are fresh cut and skin on which I like. It isn't super crispy but they're good and you can probably ask for well done if you want a bit more crunch.I got their custard of the day which was butterscotch and popped it with marshmellow cream. It was the right amount of butterscotch flavor and was a lovely consistency. Even though it was like 27* outside, I had to have me some frozen custard! 3 1/4th burgers, a turkey burger, 1 fry, 1, sweet potato fry and 4 drinks came to $30.85 with tax. Note that if you get a drink and a side with a burger it is a combo price (the price on the create your own menu at the top includes the fries, or 60 cent upgrade for onion rings or sweet potato). I don't get is how I see some reviews think it's over priced?... Compared to what- the value menu at McDonalds? It was $4.75 for a quality burger alone or $7.97 for the burger, fries and a beverage. That's like Carls Jr. prices. It's the cheapest burger I've had at this caliber of quality and creative topping options. I've been a fan since the first week they opened and still am. I definitely won't wait another year to make a visit. If you're in the area, I'd skip Smash burger down the block and choose Create.UPDATE 2/20: Made a creation and ate every bit of it. I'm not a burger person, but I really like this place.
2	We started off coming here a few times, but eventually we decided the burgers here just taste too dry and bland.  The food here lacks flavor big time :( two thumbs down
4	I've had a couple burgers here recently and not being a big burger fan I really enjoyed the variety.
1	Errr. I didn't like this burger experience so much. First - to say something good, wow they have a big menu with lots of options. Ok. Quality of meat - was not a big thick juicy meaty thing. It was like Burger King. Sad.Out of Hawaiian bun, went with whole wheat. Very generic. Didn't have that yummy bready/yeasty flavorey thing that says, "Mmm, someone must have baked this today!" Nothing special here. One burger. To go. That's all I ordered. Took 45 minutes. Jeeze. I'm comparing this to the phenomenal burger (and amazing bun, btw) that I had at Neon Carrot in San Luis Obispo. Top quality meat, homemade ketchup (you don't even know how good and pure real ketchup can taste until you have homemade like this). After it is consumed, you sit and just say to yourself, "Wow. I'm going to remember that forever now."Bottom line - this is just another lame burger joint. Set your expectations there. Nothing special. I've had special. This is not it. Chek.
2	I heard such great things...but was really disappointed.  Create, to me, turned out to be a local's version of Fuddruckers.  I love that you can pick your meat, bun, and toppings, however, the execution was really poor.I ordered the Turkey burger on whole wheat with grilled pineapple, tomatoes, red onions, lettuce, and teriyaki.  My boyfriend ordered the majestic beef burger on wheat with "house sauce," onion, grilled pineapple, and jalepenos.  We also got an order of sweet potato fries on the side.  It took about 20 minutes to get our order despite the fact the restaurant was not busy at all.My burger was unbelievably caked in teriyaki sauce.  Yes, i did order it, but the amount was ridiculous so I wiped off the excess with a napkin.  The lower bun was also soggy. Gross.  The burger was an overall "meh."  My boyfriend, however, loved his, but he generally loves any type of burger.  I did really like the cinnamon taste to the fries, it was really unique and not something I've had elsewhere.  I'd choose Create over most fast food burgers but it was mostly unmemorable.
4	I wanted to give 5 stars & probably would have if the burger patty itself tasted better than a homemade BBQ'd burger.  Overall, the burger was really good.  I attributed it to the amazing available toppings.  I have been here once & will return, mostly because the service & employee's were pretty awesome & enthusiastic.  They were very helpful as I was a novice.  They took the time & explained how the whole CREATE experience works.  The toppings were all super fresh & oh so tasty.The Burger patty was just kind of...eh.  Overall, it was good though.
5	Burger joints are ten-a-penny. Good burger joints on the other hand... now THAT's a find. Create fits nicely in the second category.Do you ever go in to a burger place and go, "oh that sounds good... but so does this other one -- I wish I could put them together"? Well, at Create you can. You can put pretty much whatever you want on your "CREATEd" burger (oh the pun... ouch). If you're feeling less creative, they also have a number of pre-designed burgers that are killer. So go... pick your size, pick your toppings (there are TONS), pick your bun (may I recommend the onion one... wow). Then sit back and relax until they bring burger bliss to your table. Oh, and if you want to top it off with a little cup of heaven -- they also have frozen custard.
2	Create has gone down hill since the new ownership. The service is not the same, and the quality of food coming out of the  kitchen is not being looked at for quality. My kids ordered a grilled cheese sandwich with an Hawaiian bun, and you couldnt see any cheese. According to the worker, she said the new owners cut down the cheeses portion from 3 slices to 1 slice. The service seemed like it took forever to get a burger, and the place just has a different vibe. I really like the burgers there, but the service and attention to detail (especially coming out of the kitchen) is not very good. Even the people who worked there told me that it is no longer a costumer friendly place, and it is now more corporate.
3	3 1/2 stars to their credit.  I like my burgers, and I like em fresh, I like em beefy, and I like em simple!  Not overdone with too much toppings that take away from the beef.  Ever heard of In N' Out?  That's what a hamburger's all about!  They do it simple...but right.Create I tried with the fam on a whim.  We always pass by it and I've seen the good reviews.  I said to myself, "Self...why not?  Give it a shot!"  The restaurant is nice, clean, quite modern-y.  Stainless steel, bold colors, very pleasing.  We were welcomed by two high-school employees, and right away were asked if we had been to Create before...to which I replied a healthy "Nope!  But Yelp seems to like you guys!"  We were given the rundown of how it all works:  start with your size of burger, choose a bread, choose a cheese, choose your toppings (lots of em'), then choose a sauce!  So many friggin' combinations (I can't count exactly, even though yes I am Asian and yes I am good at math)...it drove me nuts!  The possibilities were endless!  So much so, they actually gave you a little pad and pencil to mark what you wanted on your burger!  Thankfully, Create has some featured burger combos you can choose from as well to lessen the stress.For the four of us we chose two 1/2 pound burgers to share.  The first one was the 'Modernist' ($9.93) - sauteed mushrooms, avocado, tomato, Swiss cheese, and chipotle sauce.  The other burger was a 'Create Your Own' ($8.63).  We went crazy on this one!  Tomatoes, cucumbers, pickles, romaine lettuce, roasted red peppers, alfalfa sprouts (I love this on sandwiches), with Pepper Jack cheese, mayo and spicy mustard!  These combos come with fries and a drink, but for a nominal charge we upgraded our fries to sweet potato fries and onion rings.  The verdict?  Not bad!  Our burgers were cooked just right (lil' bit of pink in the middle), the bread was fresh, and the burgers were huge!   There was enough for the four of us to share.  The Modernist was very good, and our creation of a burger wasn't bad either.  I think next time I'll try a sauce with a little more kick.  The sweet potato fries were good but not as crispy as I like them.  The onions rings were great, I wish the serving was a bit bigger!  They were good dipping in a side of ranch.  If you go to Create don't forget to try their frozen custard!  It is actually quite yummy.  They run at least 4-5 different flavors daily.  You can get scoops in a cup or cone then put various toppings on them, you can have a shake, or you can have Create's version of a Blizzard...the 'Concrete'.  We opted to try two Concretes in their sundae size ($4.99).  We got the 'Smithsonian' - vanilla frozen custard with hot fudge, caramel, pecans, whipped cream, and a cherry.  We also tried their 'Van Gogh Bananas' - vanilla frozen custard with bananas, hot fudge, fresh strawberries, caramel, peanuts, whipped cream, and a cherry.  Both were scrumptious!  I myself favored the Van Gogh Bananas because it was like a banana split.  Great way to end our meal.  Also a great way to make me start thinking about the dreaded treadmill again.  Ha!Create is an awesome way to make a burger that's all your own.  We will most likely be back here again sometime soon.  Burgers and custard are health foods, right?  Right.  And I love to keep on a healthy diet!
1	Wow what a difference with new ownership. My husband and I and many of our friends have been coming to Create since it opened. We were there at least once a week and enjoyed it soo much. Now the last few times we have been there it's been bad. The food quality sucked, the portions were not like they were. The bread wasn't as fresh and no one seemed happy there. The new owners need to understand that you can't run the place like a subway. The reason people came there was for the atmosphere and attention to detail. If I wanted a garbage burger and experience then I will pay less and go to Mcdonalds. I have spoken to many of our friends that are regulars and they are not coming back. I do think that if things don't change then this place will be closed within a year. When you drive by there is never anyone in the parking lot and no line because no one comes anymore. On a good note the other food places next door are getting busier.
5	The burgers here are so good. The owner was extremely friendly and helpful. The employees are attentive and nice. The custom route is the way to go, but take your time! The custard is also awesome.
4	First off, let me just say that the burgers here are great!  I am glad we gave them another chance.We've eaten here before and had a long wait and were disappointed in the quality of our burgers. But, we thought we'd give it another chance and it helped that we had an Entertainment coupon.  He had the Medieval and I had the Classical both a 1/2 lb. and on whole wheat buns (medium-well). They were perfectly juicy and flavorful.  The sweet potato fries are yummy and my regular fries were pretty good but a tiny bit limp.  They have fresh brewed iced tea - 2 flavors today (2/13/11) and both were yummy.  The girl that brought our food out was very friendly and asked if she could get us anything...ranch, utensils, etc.The place was a mess when we walked in and only 3 tables were full.  The workers seemed to be having a great time....maybe too much?!  I have to say that everyone was friendly, but there is some fine tuning needed at this place.  The bathrooms were pretty messy and the tables were dirty.  Some time after we sat down, one of the girls did come out and start cleaning but the tables still looked greasy. I am sorry...but if I am paying $9+ for a hamburger, the place should be nice and CLEAN. We'll come back again, but we hope that they can reign in their employees a little bit.  Excited to try the frozen custard - hope it can live up to Luv-Its!
4	Awesome food by people so friendly, it's almost scary. Great value. Please open a Henderson location!
2	What is going on at Create?? My last few trips have been so disappointing. We are regulars, about once every week or two, but the last two times my order has been messed up and my fries have been limp, soggy, and pale! Both times my burger has been fixed, but my husband has been done eating by the time it came out!  Honestly, the fries were about 90% of the reason I went, but they have been so bad I haven't eaten any. I think that perhaps the ranch is different too--- I could be imagining that, but before it tasted fresh and I thought it was a bit "shelf-stable" tasting last time. I am so sad that our favorite spot has slipped so much! Before, I ALWAYS choose Create over Smashburger, but I'm starting to think Smashburger is the way to go. :(
5	I do enjoy a fine burger and what I like best about Create is that I can enjoy it relatively guilt free.  As you can deduce from the name, you can name everything in your burger and this does allow for healthy, or not so healthy choices.  I usually get the Byzantine but with a Turkey patty and and a multi-grain bun and sometimes sweet potato fries when I feel like adding a few miles to my workout. Aside from the fresh ingredients and knowing that your burger is being made to order, what I did like was the great and happy service.  It seems that everyone working here does actually enjoy themselves and that translates to a great experience as a customer.  One last thing, this is one of the few places you can get Diet Dr. Pepper in a fountain drink.  I look at this place as a great lunch spot when I'm in the area and try to find an excuse to visit every couple of months.
5	So I've been craving a blue cheeseburger, but the only place that I ever get them at is Heroe's (see the review), but since I'm not in CA, I had to find somewhere local to get my fix. I was having a crappy day so I decided to take myself out and regain some composure, but holy sh**, the food took my crappy day to AMAZING with just one bite. I made my own burger with help from the girl at the register (btw- their staff are awesome!! so freakin friendly and helpful!!). It was bleu cheese (of course!), bacon, tomatoes, lettuce, and red onions. I got some fries with garlic aioli (brilliant right?!) and a drink to top it all off...seriously it was so freakin amazing!! after all that i had stinky breath and a happy tummy. I didnt have room to try any custard...but its a good excuse to go back...again and again!! HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!
4	I received an email from the new owner with an apology of my first experience under the new ownership. We went back tonight, and everything was really good. The service was great, and the burgers are still awesome. My little girls grilled cheese actually had cheese on it too! I really like this place, and I wanted to give it another shot. I just wish they can do something about the interior. I have some killer ideas that would really make the place so much more visually pleasing, instead of the dull green "boredom" I understand what they are trying to do with the whole "art" thing, but it's just not working. If the owner is reading this, I have some awesome ideas for you. Thank you for a wonderful dinner, and we will be back!! Create Rocks!!!
5	For gluten free eaters this place can be very safe. They have a dedicated fry fryer. The burgers are 100 percent beef no fillers. You can have the burger bunless and  wrapped in lettuce, avoid the sauces.
3	I has the 1/2  lb  burgers/ let. , tom shredded lettuce, grilled onions , pepper jack cheese , mayo and teriyaki sauce. I like the fact that you can build your burger. I wish the burger was char broiled it would receive another star. The teri sauce was good not to sweet ,thick or runny. Very good service everyone had a smile and constantly checked up on us
2	I can't believe this place is getting such good reviews.We had been running around found errands and were really hungry, we were close to Create and been wanting to try it for a while.I ordered the Classical burger with french fries, my hubby ordered the Medieval burger with onion rings...we both ordered our burgers as 1/4 LB. cooked medium.The burgers were small, and not cooked medium. It reminded me of the flat frozen burgers you get at an amusement park stand. My fries were limp and greasy. The onion rings were just the big fat run of the mill rings that have no taste and were probably frozen.We had a coupon for buy one meal get one free, I don't know if that's why the food was so bad, but as soon as I started taking pictures of my food, one of the workers ran over to ask us if everything was alright.  We won't go back especially since Smashburger is a block away from this location. The cheap meal because of the coupy was the only reason it was semi-worth it.
4	Really good. Too bad there's only the one. Wish I had one on my side of town. Great burgers, great shakes ( custard shakes), and fabulous fries regular or SWEET POTATO! You have choices for the size of burger, kind of meat (or not meat), the kind of bun, several different kind of greens, cheeses, and all manner of amazing fresh toppings. The place has hydroponically growing plants all over and everything is made to order. Love it. Two thumbs way up.
5	I  got a email from  the new owner after my last review.My husband and I agreed to try it again.  It was a totally different experience this last time. We were able to meet with the owner and speak to him about our issues and he really listened. The food was MUCH better than last time and the buns were really fresh. The burgers were cooked well and tasted great. After hearing about the news stuff coming up we are very excited about this place again. We will return because the price is right the food is better and we all know the employees. So glad we were willing to try it again.
4	Tried CREATE a few times over the last several weeks and loved it every time. The first time I had a salad with grilled chicken. Second and third - turkey burgers in lettuce wraps. Also sampled French fries and butter pecan custard. I've never had a turkey burger I enjoyed that much and the Portabello burger was great, too. My family members loved their burgers - including my burger-lover sister-in-law, who is very exacting when it comes to her food. The build-your-own-burger and fries, plus the custard, are truly delicious -- but eating healthy is also an option here.  Another little thing we liked: Real plates and silverware - nice for a casual place. And the beverage options were also good - nice iced tea choices. (Full disclosure: Know one of the owners personally, but wasn't there when we dined at CREATE)
5	So I went to Create today to go back to try the frozen custard cuz last time I was too full on their amazing food to indulge in any frozen goodness.  This time, burger-wise I ordered, beeeeeeef patty on wheat bun with lettuce, tomato, bleu cheese, bacon and I didn't know what to go with as to the sauce, so I randomly picked the garlic mayo. HOLY MOLY!! The garlic mayo was BOMB!!!! It is def not for the faint of heart; its got CHUNKS of raw garlic in it!! YUM!! I had my food to go, so don't owrry I didn't offend anyone with my GARLIC AND BLEU CHEESE BREATH...the only gripe was the sauce was indeed too overpowering for the bleu cheese, but that was by no means Create's fault. I picked my poisons... I also got the SUPER basic frozen custard, as it was INDEED MY FIRST TIME HAVING IT!! I didn't wanna lose my frozen custard "innocence" in public so I took it home for a nice private affair....and hot damn! It was amazing!! Too bad the custard never made it home ;p actually what happened is the cashier lady was awesome enough to scoop my custard and stick it in the freezer while my burger was being made so it would be EXTRA cold while I drove home! HOW AWESOME IS THAT?! (on a side bar, the burger was wrapped impeccably, it traveled very well!) I also like that Create doesn't have branded bags with their name blinged out everywhere...getting my food is a brown bag brings back the nostalgia of mom making my lunch...but back to frozen custard....i carried my stuff to the car and noticed a bit of custard was on the outside- it was solid enough now, but I knew it was gonna melt eventually...so I took the spoon and ate that LITTLE bit...and then I tried a little more...and by the time I got home all that was left was an empty cup....needless to say I'll be back Create!!
4	Pretty great burgers considering this place is sort of halfway between fast food and a sit-down restaurant. I always go for the Medieval, and it's always delicious.For those who demand a bit more control, a "build-your-own" burger is an option, so you can really go nuts and craft your own personal dream burger.Service is fast, and they're always insanely friendly at the front counter. Some of the nicest people I've ever seen working at a restaurant, regardless of class.Prices are a little high, so I don't go there as much as I would if they knocked it down a buck or two. That's a pretty small complaint, though.I'd definitely recommend everyone who likes burgers try Create out at least once. It's a permanent fixture in my food-run repertoire.
4	I would say this place was about 3 1/2 stars. The burger and onion rings and frozen custard were great, but not out of this world. The prices were very reasonable.
3	I really wanted to like this place more and give it 4 or 5 stars. Great menu and lots of options. You also cannot say no to custard! The price was also reasonable. My only bad marks is that the staff seems really lost and undertrained. Lots of uncleaned tables and very dirty in general. One corner looks like they are operating an office but on the floor also. I might try again someday. But, Smashburger is right down the street and they kinda have the same concept yet it is a little more organized.
4	If your looking for the best veggie burger around definitely try there abstract burger! I eat meat on a regular basis but also try different meat alternatives all the time. I cant even try there regular burger because the veggie is so good! You can build it anyway you want with an array of toppings. You can even get it on a Hawaiian sweet roll bun. The sweet potato fries are really good as well. The staff is friendly and helpful. Better than your average burger joint and worth checking out.
3	Cool little burger place.  They also serve custard, which I think is kind of an odd mix, but you can have your burger and dessert in the same place I guess.For first timers like me, you'll be extremely overwhelmed by the menu.  I know the gimmick is that you can build your own burger, but seriously, do you need 24 different sauces to choose from?  At one point, the menu all blended together and I went with one of their "specialty" burgers that have pre-chosen fixings.We didn't have to wait long for our food, which was a plus.  However, both my husband and I ordered our burgers medium rare, but they came out well done.  We didn't send them back because we were pretty hungry.  Mine came with avocado which was nowhere near ripe and hard as a rock.  The fries looked good because they are the "dirty" fries with a little bit of skin still on them.  I really wanted to like the fries, but they were limp and soggy.The food was satisfying, and I'd probably come back again now that I know how to navigate the menu and ask for crispier fries.  Worth a try.
5	This place consistently serves great burgers. They have a great selection of toppings and sauces. They are the only place I know of that serves sweet potato fries (which taste like French toast). I am happy everytime I eat here.
5	Love their burgers. Costs a little more than a regular burger somewhere else, but you definitely get what you pay for. You build you're own burger which is great and there's tons of sides options.
5	From my previous reviews you know Create is like the perfect restaurant. It's like a bunch of your friends got together and said lets make lots of your favorite food and let you make it the way you want it! But the most amazing thing happened this time, I made my perfect burger. They might as well call it the Jess P. cuz I think that's all I'll be ordering from now on (burgers-wise; fear not custard! I shall continue to eat you as well!) It's a beef patty, wheat bun, field greens, bleu cheese, garlic mayo, red onions (crispy, not grilled) and tomatoes. I think I can die happy now.
5	Best frozen custard ever!  I had mine: chocolate frozen custard with marshmallow topping & sprinkle of peanuts...YUM!!!!
4	Just went today for the 1st time & it was cool.  Sweet potatoe fries were on the over-done side....other than that.  Burger was really good !
2	First off the bat there.  the lady that took our order was not really paying attention to our orders.  Hence is why im eating burgers with my friend right now that we did not order and got it wrong.  My friend ordered a modernest.  But she got a way different burger with jalapenos in it.  Way to spicy for her and for her one year old daughter.  I ordered the midevil burger with the biggest size of patty.  Yet i got a burger the size of a mcdonalds happy meal burger.   The fries where limp and soggy.  The only positive part of this meal was the sweet potato fries.Also word of advice for the workers there, pay attention to your customers orders and pull up your pants. If i wanted to go see some thong and ass id go to a strip club.
5	What do you say about Create? Nothing, besides the fact that it is one of the best burger spots in Vegas. Much better then SmashBurger. There frozen custards are very good as well. It's a must have spot to go to.
3	I met some girlfriends here on a Friday night and I had a hard time finding the location.  I was coming on Tenaya, so make sure you turn into the Whole Foods parking lot to pull up to the stand alone building that faces Lake Mead.  There were two homeless old men that were just hanging out just inside the front door and were looking at everyone with anger as they walked in the front door.  Since we were there for a while, I saw that they were not eating food and the workers were not asking them to leave.  It didn't make me feel safe, even though the food was delicous.  It is really all I can remember because I was so uncomfortable.  I will give it another try in the daylight  & let you know how it goes.
3	What happened? Maybe they got new staff because nothing about our orders were right. :-( We always do the create a burgers and hand them a sheet with clearly circled items. None of the burgers came out right. Some were missing toppings, mine and the BF came with no sauces in it at all. Mine was to be cooked to a medium pink and it was well done with no pink at all and seemed to be the same size as my mom in laws even though I ordered a bigger burger patty. They have a new item on a dry erase board of onion strings so we put on our papers we want onion strings as our sides. 3 of us got onion RINGS instead of the onion strings. I asked for a side of a sauce to go with the strings and it wasn't brought either. Grandma isn't too picky and just ate her stuff, but I think hers was right only because she barely put anything on hers. They got to making us onion strings which was nice of them to correct the problem. One batch came and it was really chunky into onion cakes. Good flavor, but nothing was string about it. A second batch came out and it was more like strings and was much better. They were nice about everything which I still do give high kudos for, but it was a mess of a meal. It has changed since Lance sold it....eeek.
5	A FRESH NEW WAY TO EAT BURGERS!!!!Who would have though that making burgers your own way was something new and fresh. It's not..... Burger King, has "Have it your way", In-n-Out have a hidden menu, but what were they missing? More options!!!! With many options for meat and vegetarian burgers, every topping I could think of and few I didn't think of, as well as around 42 sauces, this place is my new favorite place to go for good food, fast. I am in and out of this place with in 30 minutes. Make sure you grab a clip board fill out what you want and turn it in asap (especially during lunch rush). Then ask about the combo buy 10 and get one free card. Family owned and operated with a corporate look. Friendly employees. Caitlin & Megen, are chatter boxes so even if you are dining a lone you will have someone educated and enjoyable to talk to. I want to see an eating contests for the Man VS Food guy soon. I am thinking one pound Big Daddy Burger (not on the Menu and delicious), one pound hot dog, and a 3-topping masterpiece of frozen custard in 45 minutes. If they make it I will get the Man VS Food guy to come EAT!!!! Why eat fast food drive-thru when you can have healthy, great quality, food fast for about the same price.
4	We went on a Sunday afternoon around 6:00 PM after finishing a climb in the Spring Mountain Range.I enjoyed a fairly basic 1/4 Pounder w/ Pickles, Spicy Mustard, Grilled Onions etc, w/ fries, so I have not delved into the slightly more exotic fare offered by the Create your own menu.This is the second time  I have been, both time have found the staff to be accomodating and pleasant.  The Restaurant has been clean and seemed well kept. Everything was made to order, no mistakes.  I feel it is reasonably priced for what is offered.
4	I like Create.  Options are good.  The fact that I can have a whole wheat bun, pineapple with avocado and grilled onion hamburger with thousand island dressing makes my head spin.  The burger was cooked well, nice and juicy with quality beef.  Sweet potato fries were a perfect addition to my weird hamburger.  I am not a big hamburger person, but I love this place!  When you walk in, you are given a pad with a laminated menu.  You simply circle what you want on your burger from a huge range of stuff, from green peppers, to eggs, to guacamole.  They even have choices for what kind of bread you can get (I love the wheat, healthier and tastier!).  They did get my order wrong today though... I ordered a double 1/3, and I was only rung up for a single.  Oh well, the burger was still awesome, and my stomach will probably thank me later.  I love having places like this in Vegas.  Places with options!  You get to build your own burger, and be as crazy as you want with it.  Great stuff!
1	If you're going to advertise that you deliver, don't answer the phone and say you don't offer it. (It says "Delivery Available" on the Menu online.)Then change your mind and say it's only from 11am-2pm. way to go Create. I won't be going there.
5	Favorite burger place in Vegas!!  Hands down.  Been here probably 50 times with friends.The staff remembers you by name, the prices are great for such quality food, the custard is tasty.I always recommend this place to anyone who asks for a great burger place!!
2	Create has been on our "wanna try it" list for a while now. We heard great things and knew it was locally owned and a family business. Since we live in Mountain's Edge and don't work or shop up in this area, we made the journey for my Husband's birthday lunch.When you arrive, grab a clip board and pick what you want using a dry erase marker.I had a pretty typical burger. Pepper Jack cheese, Kaiser roll, L, T, O, their "special sauce" paired with sweet potato fries. Husband had a very similar burger with grilled onions and onion rings. Pricing was very reasonable and on top of that we were using our Entertainment Book BOGO coupon.Right off the bat I can say that while it was OK, we won't be making a special drive up to eat here again. It was just OK. Nothing super spectacular, just kind of average. The bun was not my favorite, too chewy. The ingredients fresh were but the burger lacked flavor and juiciness. The two essential elements to a winning burger joint, such a shame cause I had such high hopes and I hate to see a locally owned business miss the target. Sweet Potato fries were VERY good! They could give other burger places a sweet potato fry training!My husband also had a scoop of s'mores custard and it was very good! I might come back to try more custard offerings when and if we are in the area, but I would pass on burgers.
3	Make your own burger! Have it your way. It's just about the fixin's. Well that sums up this place, you can pick everything from the type of bun to the sauce, the fixin's and even how well you want it done. I love that you can also request "no bun" and go low carb style, my husband and I often are following low carb and this is just another option now for eating out, another of our favorite things to do! They serve sides too like home made fries, thick and crispy and sweet potatoes fries. I think there's a hint of cinnamon on them! And of course they have custards. You gotta try em, their delicious! The service was great, friendly and helpful, will definitely be back.
4	We were finally able to give Create another try and haven't stopped going since! It's much more organized than it was when the changeover first happened, and there are a few changes (such as the ability to upgrade to a shake in your combo) that I really like.  I've still had some soggy fries, but they are still the best in town. And the bacon is the best on  bacon burger I've ever had. I also give credit to the owner, who reached out to contact me on Yelp after my previous negative review-- it's nice to hear from someone who is willing to stand behind their product and address the issues.
4	Build your own burger.  Tons of options... also had a greek salad and sundae.  all delic!
4	BURGERS AND FROZEN CUSTARD - YES!!Lance, the owner, knows how to 'create' a great place.  Really friendly, and "neighborhoody"!  I've tried their standard beef burger (very high grade), turkey burger, and the most awesome of them all....veggie burgers!  Great fries, and all...and top it off with good ol' southern style frozen custard -- and this place is a winner.
5	My favorite Hamburger place from the casual modern interiors to the wonderful burgers.
4	Jess P. recommended I try this place out when I met her at one of the Yelp events. It's pretty nearby my boyfriend's house, but we've never really thought about checking it out until we heard about how great it is. I ended up going with one of my friends on a pretty hot day (perfect weather for frozen custard) and I ordered a Modest Modernist combo ($8.99) and Berriesoho masterpiece ($4.99). My total came out to about $14. It was more than I normally spend on this type of food for myself, but a third of the bill went to the giant frozen custard; more than enough for two people. My combo came out fairly quick and my first impression was that the meal looked pretty boring and a little dry. I think I'm just so used to going to burger joints that have all kinds of sauces spilling out of the burger when you take your first bite (kinda like a Carl's Jr. ad). However, when I took my first bite, it was like instant love. The reason why I chose the Modernist is because I love anything with mushrooms or avocado and this burger had BOTH along with Swiss cheese, tomato, and chipotle mayo added into the mix. The burger was just exploding with all kinds of goodness and they didn't even need a bunch of crazy sauces to make it taste so delicious. The fries were cooked to perfection; perfectly crisp and fresh, just how I like them.I actually ordered my frozen custard after I finished my burger because I figured it would melt if I just had it sitting there while I ate my meal, but I ended up inhaling my burger in a matter of three minutes, so that was pointless. It was weird because the frozen custard took longer to come out than the burger did and I would think it'd be the complete opposite. Since I got it "Masterpiece," all the ingredients were just blended together. The other option would be to get it in sundae form, but I guess I was feeling "artsy." It was my first time ever trying frozen custard, so I don't have much to compare it to, but boy was it fantabulous! It was very smooth and not too sweet. I was pretty full from the burger already, but I'm pretty much a glutton for any type of dessert and ended up eating half of it. I put the other half in my freezer the second I got home so I could have some in case of a withdrawal.Tips*The Entertainment book has a few bogo coupons for Create (at least the 2011 edition did). *Sign up for their mailing list. I don't know if you can sign up online, but you can definitely sign up in the restaurant. *Get a Masterpiece!*Check out the menu online to decide what you want before going because it can be pretty overwhelming
5	I have been to Create a couple times in the past year or two, but not since I started the blog so I was long overdue for a return trip and full analysis. I remember liking it well enough in the past, so I'm not sure if it's because I've had a string of not-so-good burgers lately but I left this most recent meal extremely happy. I know you're not used to hearing these words lately around here, so please read on.Create has one location now, but according to their website there are more on the way. Located in a typical Vegas strip mall on Lake Meade near the 95, the interior really leaves something to be desired. There are hints at something decent, but the tables are kind of cheap looking, and it's just missing something I can't quite put my finger on. It doesn't help that the ordering process is totally convoluted, but more on that in a minute. When you walk in the main doors there is a small counter to your right which I think was added since the last time I was there, and I think might have been placed there to help figure out how to order? Who knows.About the ordering process, it's called Create for a reason; the menu is set up for you to really create your own burger, from amount of meat, type of bun, toppings, fries, etc. Enough burger places follow this format now so it's not completely original, yet still appreciated. But what sets this place apart for me from a lot of other places is that they also offer quite a few pre-designed choices. You've heard me gripe about this many times, and I fully acknowledge and welcome the menu choices that a restaurant actually takes the time to make. Last time I was there I was handed a clip board, golf pencil and sheet of paper with things to circle or check off. They've updated this slightly for the green movement by using a laminated sheet and dry erase markers. They have also alleviated some of the confusion by adding two large LCD screens above the registers with 6 different burgers to choose from complete with fries and a drink so you can just order a meal number like so many other fast food burger joints. But that's really where the fast food ties end.I can say it; the burger is excellent. The meat has great flavor on its own, and when you order it medium rare it actually comes out this way, unlike some other places I've been to lately that can't quite get it right although they are charging a great deal more and are in a much fancier location. I had the Classical, which comes with crinkle cut pickles, American cheese, onion strings, shredded lettuce and thousand island-ish dressing called "the sauce." I had a choice of a few different buns but stuck with the white one for simplicity. The bun is totally dense and fantastic, just the right amount of meat and bun. I've also had the Hawaiian sweet bun and it was great and dense as well. Cooked medium rare, the burger is just juicy and drippy enough without being sloppy, and is moist all the way to the end. My cheese was melted, the veggies were fresh, and I was quite happy with it.The fries are also great; although I think the few times I've been there I have thought that a few on my plate were a bit undercooked. They are of the 'natural' variety and a million more times flavorful and better than Five Guys' overrated version. Yes, I'll be picking on that place quite a bit now until everyone gets it out of their heads that they're good.As for the price, it's also right on the mark. At $8.37 for my meal which included a great 1/3lb burger, plenty of great tasting fries and a drink for something that was cooked to order and better than regular fast food, they hit it right on the mark. I've heard people rave about Smashburger, Five Guys, and other slightly-fancier-than-fast-food burger joints lately, but those are all way too greasy, and come in at least $3-5 more for a meal. Plus their burgers can't compete with this one. For those who love any of those other places I just listed, I compel you to try Create.Also on a side note, they have fantastic custards with all sorts of options. I had one last year and liked it a lot, but skipped it on this trip as I am trying to lose weight still...
3	Their burgers are pretty good when not dark pink inside, great topping and sauce selection. One negative thing - I am assuming that their water tastes pretty bad, bad enough to affect the taste of the Pepsi products they serve. I've tried Pepsi, Mug rootbeer and Sierra Mist. They all have a funny aftertaste.  I would give them 5 stars if I were confident that they were cooking their burgers properly and they fixed the bad tasting soda issue.
4	CREATE.. I ordered the Impressionist which was awesome but way too hot for me...  I also ordered mine med well however it was WELL DONE. I give that burger 3 stars my husband loved it though and he gives it 4 stars, he would have gave it 5 stars if it was actually Monarch lol! My husband (: he ordered thee Surrealist which if you ask me was perfect 5 stars easy... my husband gives it 3 stars... nothing special he says.... Sweet fries... neither one of us were feeling those but my 2 yr old loved them... then we have the custards... easily could have passed on those and went next door to YogurtLand!  Would we go there again, sure the customer service was good and the store was clean...
3	Create Hunger, Create Burger, Create Bun, Create Meat, Create Cheese, Create Lettuce, Create Tomato, Create Onion, Create Sauce, Create Fries, Create Drink, Create Confusion, Create Line, Create Chaos, Create Anguish , Create Cash, Create Seat, Create Eat, Create Leave, Create Review.
3	Went here for a lunch meeting at the suggestion of a colleague and despite being 5 minutes from my office, I had never noticed it since the signage seems to suggest a retail place rather than restaurant and it is buried amongst a whole string of eateries within the Lake Mead/Tenaya intersection.  Apparently the name implies an artistic flare where you craft your own burgers (and frozen custards) with a myriad of toppings and choices for size of meat (1/4,1/3, 1/2 lb) and breads (white, wheat, hawaiian, and onion) and even fries (regular, sweet potato).  Being given the privilege of selecting everything a la carte reminded me of assembling a bowl of stir-fry at a mongolian barbeque, but like most mongolian barbeque experiences, the customer usually does not have a good sense of balance when it comes to flavors (typically overdoing one thing or another) so that may explain some of the mediocre reviews (to critique one's own CREATE burger is perhaps critiquing oneself).  When it comes to creating the perfect burger, I'm more inclined to think along Steve Jobs' quote, "People don't know what they want until you show it to them."Therefore I opted to choose amongst one of the 5 pre-named titles posted above the cash register to see if the guys behind the counter really knew how to create a decent burger.  The one that caught my eye was "The Surrealist" consisting of lettuce, tomato, applewood bacon, fried egg, chipotle mayo, grilled onions, and a fried onion ring.  I opted for the hawaiian bread bun and cheddar as my cheese of choice and braced myself to yell "Who's your Dali?" upon biting into this seemingly mouthwatering work of art.  Unfortunately, this burger will not be worthy of persistence in my memory.  This was a case where the sum of the parts was not greater than the whole since the piece of lettuce was extended about half a foot outside the bun in all directions, the fried egg was overcooked without any runny yolk (where's the fun in that?), and not sure about the rationale of grilled onions + fried onion ring.  Bright spots were the well seasoned and meaty cut of the applewood bacon, the perfectly melted cheddar cheese, and the smoky yet smooth addition of the chipotle mayo.  I would probably bump this review to 3.5 stars for the sweet potato fries.  Crisped to perfection with a gentle dusting of cinnamon sugar, these were a pleasant sweet foil to the savory burger and reminded me of the crunchy nearly-burnt edges of a solid french toast.  Conceptually this sounds like it should be destined for greatness, but given the shoddy assembly of the separate components and the requirement of an artistic burger eye from the customer in building the perfect burger, one could do so at a more modest price with unlimited attempts in the comfort of his/her own backyard picnic.   However, I will be tempted to grab a burger at In-and-Out across the street and pop in here for those sweet potato fries in the future.
4	The food is great, but the interior is really a joke! If they are trying to make it artsy, do something with the interior please. The walls look like some 70's acid trip of brown and green, and it's just does not have a theme to it. I know they have been trying, and I even guided them with suggestions with a professional artist to make the place look nicer. I know we are in a tight economy, but please do something to make Create a dining experience. I have been there several times in the last few months with friends, and they all say the same thing about the interior. The art thing is just not working, especially not having any art inside accept for that weird TV looking impressionism thing. I love the burgers, and the people who work there. They need to hire an artist or a interior decorator and do a serious makeover. . The owner is a really great guy too, who is trying to make some changes. I hope some day, they realize that they have to do a makeover so that clients come in and have a wow factor. Until then, it is a boring mess with amazing burgers! I really do love this place, but it is a real shame about the interior. But, the burgers are the BOMB!!!
4	Conveniently located near a Jenny Craig, Create offers delicious food while providing the flexibility and variety to create your ideal burger. You get a menu and pen and let the creativity commence: you circle your meat, bread (or no bread), toppings, and sides. Vegetarians should be pleased that they offer a mushroom and veggie burger. Although the texture of the veggie burger was kind of mushy but it tasted good. However, my side salad was unmemorable and should be skipped unless you're trying to lose weight or eat healthier. I was also impressed by the variety of toppings and affordable prices. Service was extremely helpful and kind. They offered and explained their custard flavors which was a sweet gesture but I was too full at that point. The only major downside? Torn booth seats that should be replaced asap. Otherwise, I recommmend this joint for a filling lunch.
2	Not super impressed.  If you like vegetarian option this is definately not the place for you.  Their "veggie" burger is mushy and really kind of super vegan, ricey, wierdness.  Suggestion for Create -- Get a simple ole regular Boca Burger.  Not impressed by the fact that it took about 5-8 minutes to place an order at the counter and another 23 (yes I timed it..how OCD of me) to have them make 2 kids burgers with fries and a veggie burger for me.  That is a little long for counter ordering.  I suppose it's fun to try it out cause it is a novel idea, but the time it takes to get the food and order the food etc really is not for someone wanting to pop in for a quick burger on your way to your next destination.  Also I looked across the room and anouther 3 person party hd a mistake on their order, and both people with correct orders were done eating before we left and she still didn't have her order corrected.  They are slow, not impressed with the food, and if they want to speed up the ordering process maybe they need to organize the ordering screens a little for the employees, they seems like they are really busy wiht the modifiers.
4	I actually really liked eating here the other night. The decor is like hippy modern, maybe even tree hugging modern, I don't know. The burgers  are super good. I would go so far as to say that they're better than Five Guys Burgers. And its not as blindingly bright in here as it is at Five Guys. Plus the retro burger theme has been done a million times. The custom menu is pretty extensive - both my little niece and my vegetarian  gf found something they liked here. Fries? Awesome. Sweet potato Fries? Awesome. Service? Awesome. The giant chunk of meat? You better believe that was awesome. There was an older lady who very patiently explained their menu to us, we got free samples of their yogurt, I got a free soda for being a good boy and everyone had a grand old time. I didn't leave feeling like an overstuffed grease ball.I would actually come back here to get a burger next time I'm in town. And its next to a miniature golf place so if you have little family members or just feel like touching a glow in the dark gorilla's butt...then this little strip mall will satisfy all your needs.
4	Meagen has excellent customer service.  And the food is great.  I'd recommend providing wi-fi for the customers.
3	All I can say is this place is consistently inconsistent.  One time everything is great and next time it is jacked up.
4	I rarely come, but when I do, they do fullfill my hunger needs. What I love most here is their service. The people love talking to you, and are more than welcome to help you out, and give you direction when making your own burger. Afterall, it's not easy to be an amazing culinary genius! You need a little help sometimes.Everything is freshly made. I got the veggie burger. The patty is made with brown rice, tofu and beans I believe, and packed with corn starch to keep it together. It's a VERY filling patty so I got full fast. I did choose to top it with mushroom, swiss cheese, and avocados. Yum! I also opt for the king hawaiian bread (that bread goes great with any burger!)Awesome burgers. Can't wait to try their custard which is also freshly made! Just a heads up though, the tab will rack up as you add more toppings. You get an option of ONE choice from every section, and some selected options are extra (like the king hawaiian bread for 15 cents). Th staff also mentioned that a lot of body builders come here to rack up on protein because their patties also be customized to be as big as you want it to be! Yikes!
3	We popped in here on our way to Rubio's, but figured we'd give this a go. Right away, the staff was super friendly and attentive. It was a little confusing when you walk in and I don't always love having to be instructed on how to order, but the personality of the staff won us over.I ordered a turkey burger on wheat with swiss and carmelized onions. My boyfriend got a beef burger with fried egg and mushrooms.  Both were totally delicious.  We shared the fries, which were kinda soggy here and there, but overall tasty, and really enjoyed the multitudes of sauce options for dipping.  Surprisingly, my turkey burger was moist and didn't feel like one of those pre-fab frozen patties, like most turkey burgers you get dining out.They did forget my boyfriend's chocolate malt... twice. But remedied it by being REALLY apologetic and serving a large instead of the regular size we ordered.  It was also a damn fine malt.The ambience is your typical burger joint/fast casual kind of place. The booths were a bit busted and duct taped together, which was a bit trashy, but that happens. It's fine inside, but the whole place could just use a little zhush.Unfortunately, there was a table full of really obnoxious people (adults, no less), laughing and yelling at the staff for more sauces and generally carrying on. More people kept coming and they started moving tables and chairs around, playing musical booth, knocking over condiments... and the staff kept accommodating them instead of asking them to tone it down, so that was a bit irksome, but likely a one-time thing.We'll definitely go back, though. It's 3 stars this time, but could go up once we've tried more things and maybe they fix that  duct tape so it doesn't stick to my ass. :)
5	Not only is the food delicious, but the service was fantastic as well. The staff did everything to make sure me and my kids had a great experience. I'll be back again soon.
4	My turkey burger was over cooked and my fries were under cooked. I guess its hit or miss with the cook thats in the kitchen. Still the best burger in vegas in my opinion. Even if it is a little over cooked.
4	Create is a delicious, bet quite pricey burger joint near Summerlin. My wife had been to Create several times and truly enjoyed their food. My first trip was this past Monday and while I enjoyed my burger I walked away with a bit of sticker shock.  Since I'm working on eating a little healthier these days I opted for the turkey burger. As turkey patties go this one was very flavorful and juicy. Create allows you to build your own burger with the use of a checklist of toppings that can accompany your patty. I went pretty traditional with the tomato and lettuce, but tried the bleu cheese and chipotle mayo. Both of those items made my sandwich far different than what I would have gotten from the run-of-the-mill chain burger joint. I opted for the regular fries while my wife went for the sweet potato fries. Both orders of fries were quite flavorful and the sweet potato fries received a health sprinkling of cinnamon which set off the flavor real well.   I have to admit that I have a hard time swallowing a $20+ price tag for two burgers and fries, but as burgers go Create has a quality product with a great variety in clean, friendly surroundings. I will be back for sure and would recommend Create Burgers to friends.
5	Very good customer service and burgers and frozen custard. To bad that they are closing at the end of March.
3	I came here about a week ago after seeing it on yelp.Walking inside i stood there for a mniute and no one came to sat us.You have to get a menu and sit yourself,I wasnt awear of that.After stiing down me and my grandfather looked through the menu.I ended up getting a bacon burger with american cheese and pickles,not very specil.The thing that is cool here is you can get as many sauses as you want with no charge,and you can get them on the side.So of couse i got a fewBurger-it was good juisy and the bun was very softFries-crispy but ive had bettterOnion rings-These taste just like the ones from star burger in bolder city,wich isnt a bad thing!sauses-I got ranch,spicy ranch,hot musterd,1000 island sause,and i think thats all,the only one i didnt realy like was hot mustard it just wasnt my favorite,the rest were very good!
4	CLOSEDWent by today to get my Impressionist burger and fries and a sign on the door said they are permanently closed.  Shame, they had a great product, but I did see the writing on the wall.  About a year ago the lunch rush was big there wasn't an empty seat in the house. Lately there were maybe a third of the tables full.  I don't know what happened, but people stopped coming.  They will be missed.
4	I really enjoyed eating here.  They had Hawaiian bread burger buns and sweet potato fries.  Sorry to say that as of April 2, 2012, they are CLOSED....this time I.think forever.  I looked through the glass doors  to see that it was pretty much gutted.
1	When Lance owned Create it was super amazing. Ever since it was sold, it has gone down hill fast.My wife and I used to go to Create every Wednesday night, but now, we have stopped going at all. Our orders come out wrong every time without fail and the staff has lost their energy and drive.  One time, there was a young child (probably 10 or 12 years old) at the register when I walked up. The adult behind the counter looked at them and said, "you can do it." The child proceeded to take my order... for 10 minutes while she searched for the buttons on the screen and tried to understand my request for "roasted red pepper Italian vinaigrette" on the side.  I ended up with red peppers on my burger and The Sauce on the side... not what I asked for.  Meanwhile, the adult behind the counter did nothing to assist; this experience was the last straw for me.Also, when Lance was there he always had three custards: vanilla, chocolate, and a flavor of the day.  Create still acts like they have a flavor of the day, but in reality, it's a "combination" if the day using vanilla or chocolate custard. There is no additional "flavor" like orange, banana, or peanut butter.  And, when I ask the staff what is in one of the combinations, they honestly have no idea and aren't willing to find out.Create used to be an amazing place, but it is just not anymore.
5	The burgers here are great for the price u pay. Will be returning for more
5	Insane custard. Custom burgers are cool but their specials are better value.  Get the big one.Too bad this place is closed down.  Owners were cool too.
4	I just love their burgers! The freshness, the flavor, and the quality of beef can not be beat honestly. I have to Say  outside the strip, it's the best burger in Vegas! Thanks Create!!
