5	Great place to drink some coffee! Drinks are Very refreshing:) also have stamps card haha for free drinks!:) think its awesome! !
5	Wow I would definitely come here often! You cant compare there interior compare other places like Starbucks or samba latte. Very vintage looking also seats are very comfortable. Good thing about cafe Darak is that they open late which is good for college students(able to study late night) also every seats have a plugs so customers like me who uses technologies doesn't have any problem charging. Service is great! If I ask they have it! I would highly recommend caramel macchiato and there honey bread looks amazing but even taste amazing!! MUST MUST try there honey toast!!! I would come here often and going to try all of the menu that they have!! If you like new places this is the one place you must stop by!
5	I stopped by the cafe by chance while waiting for a seat at Sushi Koma. The vibe is very clean and modern! I ordered immediately after coming in because everything looked delicious! I ordered an Oreo Shake and it was yummy! My boyfriend ordered a white mocha and enjoyed his drink as well. The ladies that worked there were very friendly and welcoming! I hope the best for the place and expect to see me here more often!
4	Adorable. Kitschy. Comfy.I just met my gal pal at this new place and we had a great time catching up over green tea latte (mine) and jasmine tea (hers).The first thing you notice is the decor, with vintage record players, toys, the VW bus tent, and various other knick knacks that just go well together; please come to my house and decorate it.  There were fresh lilies in the restroom!The ladies behind the counter who took our order were so friendly and helpful.  We sat in lounge chairs next to each other and our drinks were served to us in little trays with a toy figurine: so freakin' cute.  But what really matters is that our orders were good and the service was top-notch; we were checked on more than once.A wonderful first experience overall.  I'm glad it's not too far from me because I'd like to fill up my personalized stamp card quickly.  Come give this new small business a try soon!
4	Like Serenade's brother from another mother.Located right next to Sushi Koma, this place presents that cute factor you see in Korean dramas. Interior comprises of a vintage feel with ample outlets and seating areas. There's a volkswagon tent towards the back with beanbags inside all over a "grass" area. Ordered their honey toast, Yuzu-ade, Pink Lychee Ade, and an iced latte with soy milk (soy and almond milk substitutions for an additional 0.50 cents). They also have a selection of pastries and macarons. Verdict: quite delicious. Their juices are refreshing and something I'd drive out of my way for during a hot, summer day. Upon ordering, you'll be given a stack of cards with images to pick from. This will be your stamp card to hang on their wall. Out of all the beautiful images of different places, I chose a window. Haha. After 7 stamps, your 8th is free.Open til 3 am for late night studying or coffee dates! You'll hear Korean music or John Mayer types of beats in the background. No outdoor area available.
5	Totally adorable vintage/industrial style cafe. Unique soft drink selections besides coffee. Yuzu tea, green tea late, chai tea latte w/almond milk are some of my favorite drinks here:)They have Volkswagen tent inside! Cute furniture, cute mugs (Yes they have Volkswagen mugs too!:D) very nice atmosphere. And don't forget to try honey toast! I'd say best honey toast in Vegas! (Trust me, I'm Japanese. I had a real honey toast back home and Cafe Darak has pretty amazing honey toast!!!)
5	DARAK! Pronounced like "The Rock" and not to be confused with Barack, means "Loft" in Korean and is a new coffee shop on the west side next door to Sushi Koma. I really love the overall theme of this shop and it just feels like a nice place to kick back and relax. One of their themes is Volkwagen so you'll see a lot of VW items including a large VW bus tent set up towards the back of the shop near the counter. Inside the tent are comfy bean bag chairs that almost made me fall asleep, plus it was already past 10 pm when we arrived...I had a hot white mocha, which was very flavorful and topped with lots of whipped cream. So much whipped cream that I was unsure how to get to the mocha part lol. The drinks are served in real ceramic mugs, on a tray that includes a toy or decorative piece. We also tried some macarons which were good, but they looked a lot better than they tastedDon't forget to make your own stamp card on your 1st visit and hang it on the wall next to the counter so you don't forget to bring it in each time. You get 1 stamp with each purchase and after 7 you get 1 free! Yipeeee!
4	I have a dream. My dream is that in the future we have a huge 3D printer that could print whatever we type into the browser with all the schematics and dimensions done. Seriously though if I typed "cute vintage cafe" in my Pinterest 3D printer it would literally spit out Cafe Darak. Here's an example, their loyalty card system involves you writing your name on a business sized card with a super hipster low contrast photo and then accumulating 7 stamps for a free drink.Cafe Darak is another coffee shop to rappel from the midst of no where but what sets them apart is their unique cozy environment. "Darak" means loft in Korean which explains no set of seating arrangements are the same. You have chairs of all sorts and even bean bags! The drinks range from your coffee essentials, some not as common items (affogatos, sake rato), various -ades (yuzuade. strawberry lemonade), and teas. Orders are brought out to you in a little tray accompanied by a toy to occupy some time while you enjoy your drink. The food choices are limited for now but also include essentials of a modern day cafe (macarons, cakes, honeytoast). The quality of the offering should be top notched, I was told they are sourced from the same suppliers of the more famous coffee shop in Vegas. I enjoyed the green tea latte and for way less than what most places are charging. The yuzuade, lemonade from Japanese lemons, is delicious if you're a sour fiend like myself.If you're a late night study person and can't study at home then Cafe Darak is the answer! They're open until 3am and free wifi! The only thing is that not every seat is optimal for studying especially if you're using your laptop since some tables are odd and not traditional.
4	Such a cute and cozy place to hang out, study or simply have a small snack and a drink.. everything is priced reasonably.. I enjoyed the unique ambience of the place more than anything.  Macaroons were priced at a $1 each. In my opinion they tasted alright. Also ordered a strawberry latte that was freshly blended so don't expect it to be sweet like a milkshake.. also free wi-fi was a plus !
4	Newest "hip" place to hit the SW area. A little competition for the popular Serenade. Hipster decor (antique) but their decor is one of a kind. Nothing matching but unique in a way. Gives a different kind of feel and environment ! As mentioned before, nothing matches, which includes the chairs and tables... Some may be bigger, smaller, taller, shorter, etc =X Lol They even have a little VW bus van tent with 4 bean bags inside and a table to sit and hang out (still have yet to chance to hang in there :P)Non-traditional music which is nice. A different ambient feeling in comparison to the usual pop or kpop music that is played in a variety of cafes. I've tried two drinks so far. First drink was the Pink Lychee-ade which was a nice refreshing drink consisting of pink grapefruit and lychee. Slight bitterness from the grapefruit but sweet from the lychee. Great drink for the fast, warming weather of this bi-polar city. Second drink was the hot jasmine tea. comes with a glass tea pot with a glass cup and saucer. FINALLY a place that serves straight up jasmine tea without any added sugar or what not (something that made me a little sad from Serenade). Best of all? its 3 BUCKS ! unlimited free hot water refills. FREE WIFI (ask employee for password. i asked them for it on Apr 10th. When i went again on Apr 11th, it didnt work. i assume their password changes periodically)There are power outlets around the shop. Great for those who are working/studying and need a charge for their electronics (laptop/phone/etc)Open till 3 am ! Great little place EXTREMELY close to my house. Great little place. Probably my new favorite now ! Side note: ive been told that they have the same coffee supplier as sambalatte. Have yet to try it out yet but looking forward to it ! As well as other drinks and baked goods !
5	This is an awesome cafe for refreshing drinks and delicious deserts. I came to this location for an after party after an amazing Yelp Elite Event. I tried their green tea frap and various macarons. The food and the drinks were amazing, however this location is a macro photographer's dream place. It's got small toys and other unique objects that you can spend an hour taking photographs. The staff is very friendly and prices are very reasonable. Its an good place to hangout with friends or even for first dates. Overall (5/5)7 Coupon stamps gets you a free drink.
4	Came here with a buncha yelpers after an elite event. I tried the green tea frappe this time. pretty good green tea flavor. blended fairly well. quite smooth. Doriee had ordered the strawberry frappe? ... why is there still ice cubes in it? and are the strawberry slices frozen o.O? cuz thats what it seems like.... frappe not blended. smoothie blended? when we had asked the cashier, she said frappe has the whipped cream and strawberry slices on/in it. the smoothie didnt. but doesnt make sense because my green tea frappe was blended... *confused*we had also ordered a honey bread. About 1 1/2" thick bread. cut into 9 pieces (still quite large, perfect when cutting that 1/9th in half, add a little ice cream, a little whipped cream, maybe some of that sliced toasted almonds for a perfect bite (for me anyways... doriee still had a little trouble LOL)YAY we got to hang out in the VW bus tent this time ! we fit like 3 on each side. brian on his own bean bag. doriee and i shared one. 3 others on the other altho stephanie didn't sit on the bean bag. she hung around either next to the chest or behind/inbetween both bean bags. Lol... but at one time, i think we had about.. 9 people in the tent? 3 on each side. steph on one side of the chest. victoria on the other..? wait no thats 7-9... at one point we had 2 people on their knees at the door too (ok that sounds weird hahaha) still need to try the coffee based drinks =X
5	Drinks. Desserts. Darak!Yes, I'm updating my rating already.  Since my first review a mere ten days ago, I've been here five times.  Those visits have seen me here alternately with the boyfriend, my teenage son, and other Yelp friends.  Everyone who's been has enjoyed their visits.  A group of Yelpers congregated here last night and took over, partaking of many of the menu offerings, including teas, frappes, lattes, macarons, and the delicious-looking honey toast.       Just reiterating again that you should come and check out this wonderful small business for yourself soon; maybe I'll see you there.  I'm the one parked on a leather club chair, sipping on a green tea latte.
5	One of the coolest cafe I've been to by far. It's a small cute cafe. It has a very unique antique theme. They just recently opened. I went here yesterday with my best friend (who knew about this place). I had one of the hot tea, I think it's called yuku tea or yuzu. I really liked it. I would definitely get it again in the future. My friend got the ice green tea latte and the honey bread. I liked all the unique things about this cafe. Especially the stamp card. I have never seen anybody else do it like how they do. Love this place so far!
4	So far, what's not to like about this place?! Okay, maybe the seating. It's not always all so comfortable. If you hang out there for hours on end (like me), your butt will start to hurt. There are some with awkward height differences so it's a pain to attempt to be on your laptop and sit right. I do like sitting inside their tent, though. That would be a pretty great place for a group of friends to chill out at. NAB IT IF YOU CAN!In terms of drinks, I've only gone twice so I got the strawberry smoothie and then blue lemonade the second time. Both surprisingly really decent. Didn't expect to like them that much but hey, I did! I'm trying to go through their menu and try almost everything :0).Service has been pretty great. No complaints there. Grab a stamp card and collect your freebie! Hang up your stamp card on the card rack or just keep it on yourself. I hope no one steals anyone's card with this way @-@.
5	First time here today... I have to say.. I will be coming back..  I had the Sake Rato I like it
4	Cafe Darak is a comfortably eclectic mix of hodge podge furniture done in a Pinterest style. Reminiscent of my favorite coffee shops in Korea, this is the place to hang out and just catch up with friends. The staff are friendly and make quality drinks. The fact that your order is not pushed out in a hurry is okay by me. I would rather have them take their time and not treat me like another number. The coffee is good. I'm told that they use Colorado Roast. The espresso is strong and not bitter. The specialty drinks are not overly sweet. It is all about the little touches that makes this place so inviting. The individual stamp cards that you leave on the back wall. The little figurines placed on every tray when presented. The different cups that range from mason jars, pint glasses, even a measuring cup. It all adds to the experience.
4	Cafe Darak!Love, Love, Love hanging out here!I have been here a few times. With other fellow yelpers and my babe. I'm giving four stars because I like the atmosphere and decor inside as well as the many drinks and treats. I usually try to be adventurous and try new drinks, but I stick with the honey toast every time. I'm not a huge macaron fan, but I've heard those are pretty good. So far I've only been able to try the strawberry smoothie, peach tea and mocha frap. Out of those three I enjoyed the mocha frap the most. The strawberry smoothie and peach tea were extremely too sweet for me, which was disappointing. That won't deter me from trying other drinks.My sons favorite part is sitting on the bean bags under the VW van tent. Actually, I think everyone enjoys that part. We will continue to enjoy this unique little spot!
4	I was running errands today and I decided to stop here and experience what some of my friends have been talking about.  It really is a well done tea and coffee shop with pastries too.  I ordered berry black tea, iced and I got some macarons top bring home.  The gentleman asked if I wanted a stamp card and he spread the cards out so I could choose the one I wanted.  I wrote my name on it and hung it on the wall.  He then told me to sit anywhere and he'd bring the things to me when they were ready.I sat at a low seat near two primary desks/seats from an old school.  It reminded me of the desks I'd seen for so many years as a teacher when I was in the elementary school.In a short time, the gentleman brought me a tray with a pot of hot berry tea and a glass with ice.  He told me if I needed any more ice or hot water that I was just to ask.Later, he came back to ask if I needed any more hot water and I asked for some more ice.  The tea was very tasty.  Serving the tea in the small wooden tray with a leaf and wind up toy was really a nice touch.Edit:  While I was drinking my tea, the gentleman came over with the macarons I had ordered.  They were placed in two bags with a nice sticker closure.  They are very tasty.  I tried one--all right--I tried a couple.  The chocolate especially stands out.The only drawback for me today was the fact I was there alone.  This is definitely a place where you want to come with a friend or friends--maybe even sit in the VW canvas bus.  It's a place where you share conversation, play a game, or enjoy a pastry with someone else.I really like the way the place is decorated.  So many nostalgic things.  Thanks to Paolo's girl friend and Brian for the translation of the name.  I'll be back to get my stamp card off the hook and I'll come with a friend.  I need to find someone who wants to share some honey toast.  It looks so good.  Almost enough for three people.
5	This place makes going for coffee a real pleasure!  And I don't drink coffee.The atmosphere is so cool, music is really relaxing. Very comfortable and spacious.My wife has nothing but praise for the Ethiopian and Indonsia Coffe Beans.I like the teas, smothies and other non coffee drinks. The crowd that hangs out is mostly college age, but they are very friendly and you can tell they are really enjoying themselves.The owner, Krystal, is very sweet and will go out of her way to make sure you are served promptly and enjoy your experience; truly putting pride before profits.They are open till 3 am, which is a plus if you are out on a date.I sugget this place for after club, after dinner, after show.If you take a date here, and you are decent at conversation, I can assure you that you will get a return engagement.  This place is a real winner!!
4	Cafe Darak is located right next to sushi koma in the flamingo shopping plaza. I came in because I keep hearing good things about this place. The insides are very cozy and has a bit of a modern hipsterish feel to it, almost like an antique store. The drinks are all reasonably priced and really good, I ordered the afogatto and the berry berryade. The afogatto was sweet but not overwhelmingly sweet with just enough of an espresso kick and had a good blend of bitter and sweet. The berry berryade was smooth and refreshing, although you can't really go wrong with a cool refresher to beat the Las Vegas heat. The owner was extremely nice and very knowledgeable with helping us pick out drinks and even mentioned a few not yet on the menu at the time like the pistachio latte and a few seasonal one's like the mango tea that he could make. When we left with our nearly empty drinks to get a to go cup he was even nice enough to refill our tea for free. Also they have a wall dedicated to hanging your stamp card which makes it convenient for those of use that have a tendency to lose or forget to bring our cards with us when we visit, 7 drinks will earn you a free one. Overall this is probably one of my new favorite cafe/coffee places. I definitely will be back.
5	When I first walked In here, I saw the Volkswagen and instantly looked inside to find bean bags. That place inside cafe fatal is the best spot to chill though it's also the hardest spot to grab.Now their drinks are amazing, first drink I had was their yuzuade and I wasn't expecting a sweet flavor but a somewhat sour taste. However when I took that first sip, surprise! A nice cold sweet flavor flowed into my body and I must say that it was delicious. I also ordered a honey toast to try out since I was feeling sweets. This honey toast was the best I have had in a while. Usually places add too much cinnamon and sugar to make it sweet (yuk!). The honey toast had the cinnamon down to my taste( not too much!) and it had a nice scoop of ice cream with whipped cream and almonds(be wary if you're allergic to nuts!) on it. Definitely a great place to grab a drink and catch up with friends or a hangout spot. 10/10 would come back
5	For me to fall in love with a place instantly is really hard, but this place had me at my first visit.Right when you walk in, the whole place is just super cute and it has a home-y vibe to it. They have cute little fun fixtures around the place, really comfortable chairs, and even a tent to chill inside! As we were ordering, I mentioned the homelike vibe, and he said 'Darak' in Korean means loft, which they got spot on! We ordered 4 macarons, green tea, and the cheesecake. The macarons were delicious, especially for being only a dollar a piece. The green tea tasted really fresh. The lady even refilled the hot water in my tea pot once empty. The cheesecake was different, but definitely not in a bad way. Wasn't too sweet nor 'cheesy' which fit my taste. The service is superb! The workers are very friendly, (one even lent me his phone charger) and the atmosphere was perfect. Definitely will be my go to spot.
5	Okay, so I've seriously gone like 4 days in a row this past week or something. IT'S CRAZY. I love how late it's open so we just chill there (group of friends) and play cards. Stayed almost like 5 hours one night so we got two rounds of drinks.I do wish they had more food options but slowly, maybe they'll add some stuff :D.I like pretty much all the -ades so get them :D. Blue Lemonade might be my favorite but I'll have to try the Berry Berry-ade again just to make sure. Haven't tried any of their lattes because they keep it toasty and warm inside so it's perfect for cold drinks :0D. Oreo Shake isn't too shabby, so give it a try if you're a fan of Oreos...Fight for the best seating. ;) You'll have to fight for the wifi, too.Get a stamp card. 7 drinks and then the 8th is complimentary. Hang it up or keep it on you. Staff is nice and friendly, and so is the owner/manager (at least, that's what I assume he is.. lol).Feel free to use a credit card as they use Square. Nifty.I APPRECIATE THIS AWESOME CAFE PLACE.
5	Thank god for this cafe. Located by desert breeze park which is way closer than serenade for me. This Korean owned cafe is so unique. First off is their interior. When you walk in you get this antique roadshowish type of vibe. There are trinkets and accessories everywhere in the cafe. There are a variety of rad chairs, benches, and a couch. The jewel of this place is the Volkswagen tent up front. Inside the tent are 4 comfy bean bag chairs, a table, Christmas lights, and fake grass underneath you. You'd be lucky if it's empty! This place also has free wifi!When you order drinks you are given a pile of pictures to choose from as a stamp card. Another unique trait is that this cafe has a stamp card rack. You put your name on your stamp card and hang it under a letter of your choosing. After 7 stamps your next drink is free!Their menu is also eye candy. Everything on their menu is under $9. The most expensive thing on there is snow ice for $8. Drinks range from $2-$5. They have plenty of coffees, teas, and cold drinks to choose from. I've tried the cold chai tea latte ($3) and the green tea frappe ($5). They both have strong flavors and that's what makes it taste great. You get the strong taste of matcha and the strong taste of chai. They both come in cute cups that look like they could be from urban outfitters. I'm willing to try the whole menu!This is probably going to be my new hangout spot.
4	This is tough. A mere star away from perfection in the book of Ardie - and I imagine a lot of other Yelpers, too.If I had a penny for every time I said, "there need to be more late night coffee shops around," I'd have like... $1.17. Enter Cafe Darak. The next late night spot after Serenade. I like this trend. Darak is a great place to sit and relax for a while. Apparently "darak" means "attic" so everything is pretty random. Seriously. You will notice this every time you go. Even the bathroom has random stuff in it. Interestingly, "darak" in Armenian means "shelf." Coincidence?The whole feeling is generally friendly and comfortable - though some of the wooden seating is anything but. The people running it are friendly and patient, as I've spent way too long gazing over the menu every time I've been. Your stamp card which gets you an occasional free drink is hung on a wall with your name on it. The card, not the wall. It's a fun change from having to carry it around with you all the time.Where does it fall flat, though? Where is the last holy star lost? The actual product. It's mediocre. It's underwhelming. It's "meh" as someone mentioned to me the other day. There is no soul. No character. No distinction. Don't get me wrong - the cups are witty and funny. The presentation in a tray with little trinkets is cute and memorable. But what you're putting in your body is just forgettable.The yuzu-ade was my first. I love lemonade, but I love yuzu even more. This was not what I had expected, though. It was a soda-like creation with some yuzu bits on the bottom. It tasted... synthetic instead of organic. A peach iced tea was simply iced tea. The hot chocolate, with mint syrup even, was low on the "mmm" scale. The most compelling items so far have been simply brewed tea.You may be thinking "if the product is weak, this is not 4 stars." I agree with you. But the option is so compelling and rare that it is worth the visit even with mediocre drinks. I'm sure it will improve with time anyway. Until then it's still a great place to spend some time reading, working, or hanging out with good company.
3	Stop here if you require coffee, desert or just a time out.After seeing half the yelp community dropping in here and reviewing with favorable comments, I decided to stash Cafe Darak on the bookmark list for another time.Day after day I had seen people checking in here so I thought screw it! I wanna see what I'm missing out on. Pulling up to Darak, I like maybe a few other people were not sure if this was the place. Just a small sign out front, my hopes slowly declined. Once getting inside my opinion change real quick. Displaying college cafe slash vintage decor and vibe we made our way up to the counter.Ordering from the menu on the wall, the Oreo Shake was the first victim. What I liked about this shake was the actual Oreo on top. The shake was ok, I didn't think it was anything out of this world but it wasn't bad.So overall not a bad cafe, having a take away drink being my only experience I'm gonna say Ill have to come back to hang out as the seating areas are pretty socially structured.One criticism is they pretty much ran out of Sweets, having the eclairs left over. Maybe coming in a little earlier is the key.For sure this place is raising the bar for the standards of Cafe in Las Vegas.FYI if you grab a loyalty card, you can place it on the wall so you never forget it!! A nice touch
4	3 stars for drinks,5 stars for ambiance.Upon walking in I first noticed the mismatched vintage furniture. Very cute and comfy! There is also so much to just look at and check out that will make you smile. The thing I love most is the roomy Volkswagen tent with fake grass and bean bags inside (who wouldn't love this!) which are perfect for studying in! Just this alone I would give five stars for!!! Their honey toast is delicious- tastes like a better version of french toast for those of you who haven't tried these. Employees are also very friendly and helpful.But the reason this review isn't given a full five stars is because of the drinks- I've tried the vanilla latte, green tea latte, and blueberry lemonade so far.. and have been quite disappointed by each of them. Vanilla latte unfortunately tasted, to me, like coffee made by a Keurig and some vanilla Coffee-mate. As for the green tea latte, I've had much better for Serenade or even Starbucks. Lastly, the blueberry lemonade tasted just like Sierra mist, dyed blue of course.I very badly wanted to like this cafe more after seeing all the reviews and pictures, but the drinks just didn't cut it for me. I've gone back a couple times, but mostly for the cute and perfect atmosphere for studying. I will continue trying their drinks to find one that I can enjoy every time I come.
4	Let's raise this up a star!!!My last review I only contained 3 stars. This was only because I grabbed a shake to go and they didn't have any sweets other than eclairs left.This time around it was a to go, but because they had every sweet still for sale and the cafe mocha was pretty delicious I'll raise it up.I grabbed every type of macaroon they had and all were pretty dam good!! And worth grabbing any time your here...
4	My review is long overdue ...I've been to Cafe Darak several times with friends. Sometimes I ordered something, sometimes I didn't. Cafe Darak has a very unique atmosphere that's different from any other place that I've gone to. It's also bright, which I like. They have vintage decorations that match the meaning to their name. "Darak" means attic so it's quite fitting that everything in there is vintage and old -- just like the stuff you would put in an attic. As far as the menu goes, they have a coffee menu, a juice/blended menu, a tea menu, and some pastry/cake items. I haven't had a chance to try any of their coffee stuff mostly because I'm not a coffee person and also whenever we go, it's late at night. I've got to try some of their other items which includes:Pink Lychee AdeBerryberry AdeYuzu AdeStrawberry FrapJasmine TeaGreen TeaHoney bread toastTo be quite frank, I wasn't too crazy over their ades. The pink lychee ade was refreshing but it had a slight bitter after taste, which was probably due to the pink grapefruit. I'm not sure if it mixes well with lychee. I think I would prefer a strawberry lychee ade. Their yuzu ade was a lot of syrup and I think I know where they get the syrup from. I actually have a jar of that yuzu syrup at home myself. So, I guess, to me, it isn't anything special. I could have it at home whenever I want. The berryberry ade was .. just not tasty to me. The syrup they used kind of reminded me of cough syrup at some points. Their strawberry frap was good except it wasn't blended. It was liquid with ice. So after some time, it was just diluted in flavor. I was expecting it to be like the green tea frap, which was a blended ice beverage. So it's just a little weird for them to have that difference ... The jasmine tea and green tea are pretty self explanatory. And the best part is that there is free refills on the hot water so you could refill your glass kettle about 3 times before it loses flavor. As for the honey bread toast, I really enjoyed it. The bread was a bit crispy on the ends with a soft and warm center. And the ice cream really helps out the overall sweetness. It was really yummy! They also have a cute stamp card program. You get to pick a cute card, put your name on it, and they will stamp it each time you buy something. When you get 7 stamps, you get 1 free drink. So with that, I picked a card that represents me!! :D Overall, it's a very cute place. It's great to hang out with friends, and the prices aren't bad as well. The owner is very nice. Also depending on how many customers vs how many people working, it can get slow but not too bad. Will definitely go back and try more things. From what I know, they come out with new items every so often as I follow their instagram. (:
4	Talk about walking into hippie or woodstock gone cafe. Not that there anything wrong with artistic or eccentric. In this day and age of chain coffee shop or cafes really nice too see something different. What coffee shop do you know that literally not single chair or table identical in the WHOLE cafe?? Just too start with the furniture the cups, mugs, too even measuring cups (yes I got my smoothie in measuring cup), and never ordered food but am sure they have different ones too. Each little tray they even put cute little toy that if reading, talking stories, internet, or just need mix things free entertainment. We all have kid in us even grown ups. I got the penguin. Yay me! Or the VW bus camping area sit down on bean bags. It party in bus~~~~! Road trip!Anyway the menu is really great comes too diversity. Literally little something for everyone. Both my friend and I settled on smoothie. I had the Strawbanana and he had Strawberry. It was the first time for me. Seen lot of pics but not sure if seen one with the measuring cups. It came as cool surprise! I like it working in the kitchen like you know getting the exact measurement. lol. The flavor was really good. It took few sips too realize that needed too stir it up more once I got it. Tasted really fresh not made with any pre mix smoothie anything. I love the equal balance of both strawberry and banana. Compare too mass chains I prefer Cafe Darak plus better hang out spot then any Tropical Smoothie or even Jamba Juice. The food never ordered anything so need too make another trip back. The few things I did see in the display look really good. Service was awesome. Sad that taking me this long too get in on the Cafe Darak Yelp Cafe kick. No doubt be back time and time again. I love the atmosphere one that laid back, chill, and great spot hang out have drink or dessert talk stories with family or friends. Better is it open till 3am. If U not checked out Cafe Darak. U NEED TOO!!!!
4	Cafe Darak has a unique take on their menu & interior. AND! They are open til 3AM! I don't know about everyone else, but the first thing that my eyes were drawn to was the VW van tent.. Super cute! Complete with fake grass & bean bags inside. This is probably the most popular seating area. The miscellaneous knick knacks (mustache mugs, little wooden people hanging from the lights, old cameras, etc), are really cool - I feel like there is always something new to check out. I've tried a few of their cold drinks & have yet to try their coffee (green tea latte - I'm coming for you next!).. I've had the pink lychee ade (sweet followed with a sour/bitter after taste), blue ade, & berry berry ade (the latter two being more refreshing & more to my liking). If you are not taking your drink to go, they bring them out to you in a mason jar, glass, or mug placed on a tray with a toy that you can't keep. :P On my first visit with friends, we also shared honey toast for less than $6. I liked that it was cut for you into 9 squares. There were 3 scoops of ice cream - oreo cookie (?) & vanilla + almonds.  Different from the vanilla we usually get on honey toast. Overall, not bad for $6. Another cool thing about Cafe Darak is their stamp card system. Behind the VW tent, there's a board with all letters of the alphabet with customer's stamp cards. You can take your stamp card with you or leave it there. After 7 stamps, you get one free. Feel free to help me get to my 7.. Use Teresa S's stamp card ;)
5	Pro's: awesome interior decor, atmosphere, service and legit drinks. Wife and I specifically had the caramel macchiato and myself the green tea frap. Enjoyed it in the Volkswagon tent on a bean bag. Oh and it's open til 3am. Con: it's not across the street from our house. We will be back to support this spot.
5	Cafe Darak definitely has a serene atmosphere, which I love and has me coming back for more. As soon as I walk into this place, I receive a laid back, friendly vibe. Everything from the interior layout to the service and even to the food is impressive. I love how the incorporation of the vintage home decor/furniture is juxtaposed with this modern environment. It adds character to the place and gives a "lofty" feel, hence "Darak" meaning loft (thanks for the reference Ysabel S.). As for the workers, they give excellent service. They're kind, they make sure that you receive everything, they make sure to clear your table when you're finished, and they most importantly make sure you're satisfied overall. And for the food and drinks - well my friend, they're super delicious! The things I've tried so far are the macarons, honey toast, green tea frapp, and oreo milkshake. The prices are even very affordable compared to other local cafes in town, like $1 macarons?! Talk about being yummy and not breaking the bank. Not only are the intricate details of the place pleasant, but the presentation of the food and drinks are pleasant as well. They're served with cool old-school toys, which just adds to the whole ambience that the cafe has. Lastly, since this cafe does have internet, I feel like the communal feeling this place gives can and is balanced out with peacefulness, enabling me to do computer work in solitude. Let's just hope I don't get too distracted by my awe with all of the cool knick knacks. Overall, I definitely recommend this place.
4	Totally late on this review. I went here around the time they just opened, and it's nothing like a cafe I've ever been to before. I love the decorations, and who can forget about the VW tent?! Lol. Their cups are unique and they come with cute little toys you can play with. The food was pretty good! I tried all of the macaron flavors, the tiramisu, and honey toast. The macarons were decent for it being only $1 each! And their honey toast, OMG. AMAZING! Lol. The tiramisu was alright, it was still frozen when they served it to us. We also got a latte and a green tea smoothie. Both of which were delicious! I also love how they're open until 3 am! We came in around 12 am. There was only two people working and there was about four other big groups in there, so they had to rush to get everyone's orders out. But even then, their service was still great! I'll definitely be coming back here frequently :)
1	I ordered ice mango green tea and it came out like water? Are you serious? Worst place ever.
4	This is a cute cafe full of a bunch of random things. It's very fun to look around and see what kind of decorations there are. The customer service is superb! Even when they're busy they try to accommodate everyone as best as they can. They're open late nights and have free wifi. I got the hot jasmine tea. It was soothing and tasty, not watered down. He also comes by and asks to refill it periodically. How convenient! The trays also come with a little toy to play with. My friends get their smoothies and their -ades which I have yet to try. They sound delicious. I just love the look of this place and being here. My friends have gone like 5 days in a row now. They also have a punch card system that's really cute. Gotta try this place if you're in the area!Edited 6/19/14.We're here again! This review is for the new cinnamon toast. $4.00 of cinnamon-y goodness! Get it with ice cream though. The Oreo frapp is also tasty. Wish it were a little more thicker but that's just my picky side coming out. Chillin in the Volkswagen tent this time. Very relaxing and fun. Brought my laptop this time and keeping myself busy as my friends are just talking. Always a good time at Cafe Darak! My friend has been here for two weeks only and already scored a second free drink from his stamp card collections. Ask for a Joey who!!!! Watermelon lychee-ade!!!!!!!!!!! Tryna make it onto the menu. Hehe.
5	Yummy matcha latte- I keep coming back for more! Coffees prepared precisely to perfection - design and hip artful decor fun and relaxing.  There is even a semi- enclosed sitting area with giant cushions on the floor.
5	Lovely little spot. So clean and refreshing. The coffee here is better than Starbucks any day. Staff is super friendly. Nice area for kids to hang out. Bathrooms were extremely clean. Winner!!!
5	Nice chill place with delicious macaroons! And design is awesome! I like service too, very friendly and welcoming.
2	This is for their macarons only....I went in after dinner to get some sweets because I really wanted to try this place out. I didn't get any coffee or tea to go because I was stuffed and really I just wanted sweets. I've been looking forward to trying their macarons out and at a dollar a pop I walked out with the red velvet, vanilla, almond and strawberry macarons. I got home and my macarons didn't survive the trip home in the paper bag. I was so excited that I took one bite and spat it out. The macarons were not even soft at all. It seemed a bit stale and old and as you can tell by my picture. It was very crumbly and more like a cracker texture. I was a very disappointed customer. I'm not sure I will be returning any time soon for macarons but I might try their coffee/lattes one of these days!
5	Aight so check me out- one time. This cafe is hipster af but it's so fucking sick. Cafe Darak? More like Cafe Dank, bro. I'm sitting in a VW wagon bus tent shit and we out here eating some honey toast a la mode bro. The coffee and tea and shit is fuckin tight. Oh, and the mens bathroom has a fuckin tv in it! With vhs tapes fuck!! But to be honest, this place is the fuckin place to be bro. Take your puppy and turkey over here and study n shit. Broooooo and dey gots ice cream!!! Fuck!!!
5	This is the cutest coffee shop I have seen in Las Vegas. The decor is unique and fun and it is the perfect study spot due to their late hours (Free WiFi until 3AM). The honey toast is delicious as are the drinks. I bring all of my friends here because I love it so much!
3	I was super excited to come here because of the cute cups but after coming here twice, in two days, it's meh.My first visit, I ordered the Yuzu-ade. I've tried Yuzu with hot water before and thought it tasted really yummy, but the product here it tasted like yuzu lemon water - it took a while to drink all of it because it really just wasn't that good haha my second visit - I ordered a hot pistachio latte and that it was okay - how it should taste; it taste like Serenade's at Rainbow Blvd so which is closer and that's what you're craving, just go to that one. Bun got the Pink-Lychee Ade? It tasted better than my Yuzu-ade but quoting Bun, it was similar to it lol... second visit: he ordered the Green Tea Frappe and that was yummy in my opinion - more sweeter than normal but nothing overwhelming and would keep you wanting more I think. Perhaps I'll get this next time.I'll come back but it won't be consistent. I thought the decor was cute but after a while... it appears like a play-house, a little childish/immature like.Oh, beware of the annoying high school couple who may take up the couch when you enter and it's on your right - this place is open until 3am so everrrybody might be coming.Oh last but not least, save your $1 on the macarons. It's taken out from the  refrigerator / freezer so it comes out hard.
5	I can't get enough of this darling coffee shop.  The coffee drinks beat the starbucks norm and there's plenty of other options too.  The playful atmosphere makes a perfect place to chat or escape to work with their free wifi.
5	My friends and I find ourselves here by default when it's late, anywhere else is most likely closed, and we're no longer in the mood to be walking around. It's the ideal spot to wind down after a long day, whether that's by yourself or with your closest pals.It's got your tea and coffee, some little pastries, a chalkboard menu, and all kinds of knick knacks on shelves. It is anything and everything cutesy you'd find in a cafe but with thrifty furniture and an industrial twist. A little rain outside their windows, and you're definitely not leaving soon... This place is extremely cozy and I always overstay! Every nook and corner is picturesque! Sit down and look up.I only have one liiittle detail to pick at. Although I'm fond of the interior, I noticed that's it's definitely sacrificed seating; considering this cafe is quite popular, they really ought to figure out how to maximize their space (and it is quite a big space).A fair warning: All of the chairs are different and have their own appeal, but some of them are as uncomfortable as they look! Choose your "nest" wisely!Overall, the drinks and snacks meet expectations and the service is friendly and consistent. Chances are, if you don't live under a rock, you've probably already heard too much about this place and it's Volkswagen tent. Lol! Cafe Darak is coolio in my book, and you will feel very welcome!
5	I absolutey ADORE this little cafe. They have the cutest little toys and furnitures; they even have a little Volkswagen tent with bean bags! The price is a little cheaper than starbucks (depends what you get), and the food is fantastic. I always get a Strawberry Latte, honey toast and a macaroon or two. They have cups that say "No regrets", "No boyfriends" and more. They also have vintage stuff everywhere around the store (even the bathrooms are decked out), and they have the coolest stamp cards. You buy 7 drinks and get one free (: It's a little far from where I live, but it's worth the 20-25 min drive, because it's that good! I would definitely, definitely recommend this place!!
4	I'm happy I stumbled upon such a cute place like this. I came here to meet up my friends the other day. I have never heard of this place before they told me to go there. When I walked in I was shocked by how nice the inside was. The actual corner it is in looks pretty standard and plane, so I didn't expect it to look so original inside. It looks like such a chill cafe. They even have a huge "bus tent thingy" you can sit in with your friends.I ordered the strawberry latte which was really good. I can taste that they used real strawberries and not just a powder mix. It tasted very fresh! I also tried their nutella croissant...I NEED IT EVERYTIME I GO THERE NOW. I'm not even joking, I'm obsessed. (Maybe because I just love nutella in general..haha)  It was so warm and soft on the inside, but toasted perfectly on the outside. I'm craving it right now. :)I love how it's open until 3am, so if I'm around the area and want a drink or snack I will definitely come here. I'm sure I'll be back to try other things on the menu.
5	I thought I had reviewed this place but I guess not. Big shout out to the Pain for introducing me to this quaint little coffee shop!The location for this place is perfecto. It's located next to Sushi Koma, which I hears has some pretty good sushi, so you can pre-game or post-op with some caffeinated delights. There is also a hookah bar nearby, but I don't know if you can bring coffee in there, even though that would be an awesome idea!As for Darak itself, walking in, you feel like your inside a living room. What can be better than that? It's probably the most comfortable coffee shop I have ever been to in my life.I'm a coffee drinker, and the prices here are extremely reasonable. They are well made using quality beans and correct techniques. I like the fact they aren't afraid to brew slightly more on the stronger side. I always get an Americano, and enjoy the rich, dark roasted taste! I've had lattes and cappuccinos here as well, and they are quite good. I haven't had any of their teas (teaze) here, but from what I've heard, they are very good.Service is always impeccable! The employees are always polite and friendly, and also extremely diligent in their responsibilities and work duties.I could not rate this any less than 5 stars because it was as close to as faultless as possible. I could take a star away because I thought their cakes weren't so hot, but, I haven't tried any since their opening, and it seems like they changed up their desserts so I'm not going to pick on that. Great place and I'm a regular!This is Michael "Darak Obama" K, signing off!!
5	Great cafe!!!!! Great drinks get service!!! Very cute!!! Loved it I'll keep coming! Has a lot to look at and it's open super late n has free wifi!!!!! Must go to!
5	This place is really fun and artsy. I'm not really the kind of guy that does reviews, but this place deserved it. The staff is really friendly, they took the time to discuss the menu with my friend and I. Which, coming from a guy who doesn't really do anything crazy with his coffee or latte drinks, was awesome! Thank you for your amazing service and keep up the great work!If i could give this place 6 stars I would!-Frankie
5	Very nice staff! I came in for the first time after I finally got sick of Starbucks (It's overrated.) This place, while the drinks are kinda pricy- you definitely pay for the ambiance. The staff was kind enough to turn the music down upon request so I could actually get some studying done! They are clean too! Very comfy seating & lighting is industrial and really comforting. Their music is very mild too and not too distracting for those who want to study. Even the seats by the door are a good choice because the demographic that comes here don't obnoxiously come in and out like other coffeeshops. I'll be coming here often!
5	Everyone should try this place. One of the best late night dessert spots!! Very affordable too.
5	Love love love this place! The decor is super fun and the assorted furniture is amazing, but more importantly the honey toast is super delicious! It's perfectly sweet and moist and big enough to share. I'm craving it just writing this review. My book club recently enjoying a meeting here, and all the drinks that we tried were delicious too! Plus they are open late hours, for those night time coffee cravings! 5 stars for sure!
5	Such a cute place! The kpop playing is awesome! My bestie and I decided to try this place  a few weeks ago and are SO glad we did! Cute little toys on the tray add that little kitschy touch. I had the iced Nuttella latte (AH-AMAZING!!!) and my friend had an iced tea (I believe it was a green tea).We will definitely be back!
5	I popped on here to write my review of Cafe Darak and ---Sweet mother of Sweetness is that Honey Toast!? I am not sure how I missed that on the menu, so I'm gonna keep this short so I can go get Honey Toast.I was a little taken aback by the sheer Quirk of this place when I walked in the door blind. It has grown on me, quite a lot. It's a cozy, summery, cheery sort of place I do not mind spending an hour or two in while I work and sip one of umpteen fabulous drinks. I've tried the coffee (quite delicious), a latte (transcendent. Smooth, consistent foam lovingly constructed atop an un-burnt shot), and some sort of watermelon juice I drank in about nine seconds because I'd just walked from Desert Breeze and it was 113 and I am an idiot (nirvana).The muffins and the homemade macaron are awesome, so I assume the rest of that tantalizing baked goods case is too. Anyway. Need Honeytoast.
5	I love love LOVE this cafe It's at a lovely location near desert breeze park,  next to Koma Sushi. The interior/decor is is really unique and adorable. Great place to grab a refreshing drink and chat with friends. The peach tea is my favorite drink as of now til I try the other things on their menu and they have a broad selection!Friendly staff and they also add a cute little toy to your order and the drinks are served in cute glasses~And they have the cutest stamp cards to boot!
5	I had a hazel nut mocha and my son a hot chocolate. It's was good and a good change in atmosphere.
5	I love this place! I went here the other night with my friend/business associate and we brought our laptops to get some work done. We set up shop on a very large plush leather couch. There were plenty of outlets available for electronics and the wifi is free and fast! I had the Nutella iced latte with almond milk and WOW was it good!! My friend had the BerryBerry Ade and that was delicious too. The staff was helpful and friendly. They serve you your drinks on a cute little tray. I love this place and can't wait to go back again!
5	I came here because I saw a friend post a photo from here on IG and thought it looked like a nice place to check out. My best friend and I came on a slow night, just a couple people there and we eventually got to sit inside the tent. While we ordered, the cashier offered us some of her favorites and suggested some things. I got the nutella latte iced and the honey toast with nutella, both we're really good. I also spoke with the owner and she was so nice. I'm a huge fan of vintage and antique furniture and that's basically all this cafe is filled with, so I loved it and I let her know. My best friend and I stayed for quite a while and didn't feel rushed to go or anything, unlike other places. Definitely recommend =)
5	They've upgraded some of their furniture to entertain larger parties! Even cuter than before! They're still as friendly here as they were when I first started coming! I'm happy!
3	First impression was great. A beautiful space. However my test for any coffee place is the cappuccino.  No one could make a cappuccino correctly! and that's a big deal breaker for me. Also, took way too long to get my pre-made cheese cake out to me. Out of 5: Service- 2 Price-4 Food quality-0 Menu-3 Business flow- 2
5	Great place.Love the open space and the decor. I love their Americano and most other drinks.Average people who come in are younger. Mostly High school kids, college kids hanging out or working on a project.Honey bread is awesome when you want something really sweet. Big enough for 2 adults.This is my regular place to grab an iced Americano.
5	Pretty chill environment. Damn Great Service! And a Volts wagon tent! Remember to take your shoes off.
5	This place is fun and great for groups...The coffee is very good, the service was exceptional and ITS NOT MADHOUSE COFFEE! Madhouse is down the street, but they are so over priced and rude that it makes this choice easy! If you live in Spring Valley...come here!
5	OMG! This place is delicious! ^.^I got a mocha and the honey toast MMMMMMMM!If you go here (and you must!), try the honey toast! I will definitely be a repeat customer :)
5	I have finally found the perfect coffee and dessert place in Vegas!! It's open late night until three and it's a great place to study with couches and no loud music. The whole lay out of the place is cute and has a calm feel. They have random antiques and these cute Ivey plants everywhere that they were growing. I ordered just the honey toast because I just ate at naked fish. WOW! That honey toast was the best I had in Vegas so far. It's so soft and fluffy on the inside and nice and crispy on the outside! Just how it should be. It was topped with two scoops of ice cream and whip cream. I think the scoops should be a little bigger since the honey toast was pretty decent sized. But overall I love here! Definitely coming back here to try their drinks!
5	This is place is so relaxing and cute! This is a great spot for college students to study through the late hours of the night or just hangout. Did I mention that the food is delicious? We ordered the honey toast and my mouth almost died and went to heaven. Enough said.
5	I think I found my new favorite cafe~ They have a variety of drinks. Coffees, teas, and juices. I ordered the watermelon lemonade and my friend got the lychee lemonade. Both were delicious!Cute decor! They have a lot of vintage items and love how the furniture is all different. They have free wifi as well~
5	First time here for studying. It's a really cool place to hang out or just study. They have all kinds of kool seating and the decor is awesome! A lot of old things to look at. They have coffee and tea and free wifi. I got the chocomint tea with a blueberry muffin! They were yummy in my tummy! I will def be comin back to study!
5	Seriously amazing! Excellent ambiance and very nice owners/employees. They are open late, but that means that they don't open in the morning, which is my only critique. I'd love to be able to work here during the day. Would also love more baked goods options.
5	My friend introduced me to this cafe and I got to say it's different than your typical affair.   It has a very Asian loungey vibe which is Kool with a bunch of comfy chairs around to kick it. We ordered our coffee and it was delivered to us in a cute little tray.  In it was a little plant and rubrix cube. This place definitely has style.  My Frappe white mocha frappe was enjoyable and I had a bite of my friend's cheesecake which was delicious. Will come back!
4	Excellent drinks and service. Some of the drinks (iced teas) are over priced. The only drawback is that they're not open during daylight morning hours.
4	Great place to study and of course have chats with friends that you haven't seen for quite awhile. I like style makes it seem like in the 60 eras? lol... Its a great place with such a peaceful vibe.
5	Great hang out place to study and have a coffee they also make drinks with your dairy for those of us that can't have it. Friendly staff and cute cozy environment.
5	I'm pretty late on this review but Cafe Darak is by far my favorite cafe in Vegas. I've been coming here for the past 6 months. It's also my go to place to go before or after a long shift because they're the only cafe I like that's open super late. Their staff is always friendly as well so that's a plus.This place is super unique from the cute artsy decor, to the super rad chairs, & of course their voltswagon tent! Every little corner and table is different than the other with different chairs & tables so choose your favorite. If you just look around you'll notice the cute unique decor all around the place. Their cups and stamp cards are also really unique.I've tried quite a few things from their menu and their isn't anything I've tried that I don't like. For coffees I've tried the Nutella latte, cafe mocha, white mocha, and the caramel macchiato. My favorite frappes are the pistachio and the Oreo. Their honey bread is better than a lot of the ones I've tried at other cafes. Im definitely going to keep coming back here (:
5	This was my second time today. I brought my husband and baby along with me. This place is such a cute little coffee spot. And when I mean cute , I mean cute. Inside there's different kinds of furniture and vintage decoration. Even an old school Volkswagen tent where you can go in and have alone time while enjoying your coffee. The place is more of a Korean feel to it. The music especially which I don't mind. On the wall by the register is a huge chalkboard menu. I got the green tea latte, macarons, and a honey toast. Everything was delicious. I loved the green tea latte. It was just right in sweetness. The macarons were also good but I can tell by the storage it has that refrigerator after taste. The honey toast is the best I've had in vegas. Also not too sweet and very fulfilling. Everything here is so good at a great price, This is my new favorite spot vs madhouse coffee. And last but not least the service. The service is great. Friendly and professional. Very efficient. I love how this place has a stamp card program. Will definitely be coming back!!
5	This is my second time here and I just love this place!! The environment is really chill and relaxed. It's a perfect place for students to come and study or do work. The honey toast is super good and some of the cheapest I've had in town. Only $5.50! The most expensive thing here is almost $7.00 so they're pretty great on prices!They have antiques and adorable seating everywhere. I'll definitely be visiting this place over and over again!
5	Hip and cool unique coffee shop. The employees there are very nice and very welcoming. I love the cool atmosphere and the free wifi. This is a great place to come hang out or study. The coffee drink menu is delicious. I usually order the special because I always wanna try something new all the time. If I was in the area and I had a choice between this place and Starbucks, I would choose this one. I'll be back soon.
5	I came here at about 1am with a few friends for a hot cup of green tea and a green tea macaron. Both were equally delicious. I was surprised at how much I loved the green tea because it's different than how I drink it at home, but it was amazing. I loved the "hipster" atmosphere of the place. Everything was so cute and comforting. I will definitely be back.
4	What a cute little spot to come in and just catch up with a friend over coffee/tea and dessert! They have a good selection of coffees, teas and also  a few selections of desserts (i.e honey toast). What makes this place is definitely the odd, yet genius setup they have going.  They have VW bus in there (not an acutal bus, but more of a display), where you can go in barefoot and just sit on the little bean bags they have in there.  Also, their seating area has unique furniture, everything is different. I did try their nutella latte along with their cinnamon toast. They were both delicious!  I brought in my laptop and had alone time to catch up on a few things on the internet.  Yes, they do have free wi-fi and are open until 3am! Score!
5	Believe the hype, this place is a total win. The honey toast is on point. The barista was excellent, informative, and very friendly. The white mocha is on point. The hangover tea... Killed my hangover. The ambience is perfect for a coffee shop. Really chill music and the decor is super vintage. Great study/date/after dinner coffee spot. Go! It will not disappoint :]And it's a small business... Support it.
5	I love the stamp card. What a good way to show appreciation to your customers patronage. The honey toast is my favorite. Be sure to try it.
5	Such a relaxed place. The service is always good, the drinks are always tasty. And they have some cute little deserts. I go here maybe once a week. And it's open till 3 am. Definitely one of the best!
4	There are few places to get coffee at ungodly hours if we discount Starbucks and 24 hour donut shops, which we should. My first visit was a bit awkward, almost like my first go at a Japanese noodle house. Almost no one there looks like me, the music is utterly foreign and the menu is bewildering. Just like that noodle house the first visit to Darak will bring you back and the second makes it home. Is the coffee amazing? No. Sorry, that is the Californian in me that knows there is better but it is good and they nail one of my biggest measures of coffee shops, milk temperature! I want to drink my coffee right now and still have my taste buds for tomorrow, it's a small request and Darak does well with it.Why come here for B- coffee other than late hours? Atmosphere. I'm not big on the VW bus tent but it's there for you. My fav is the navy blue chair that you nearly have to climb out of because it's so weathered in the best way. The serving trays are a nice bit of kitsch, complete with toys. There is just the right amount of quiet here too, even when there are chatty people around there always seems to be a cozy corner to hide in. How did i forget to mention the black sesame macaron? Yum. If you are in the southwest part of town and suffering through the insomnia brought on by working swing shift at a retail job come extend the night at Cafe Darak.
5	Cafe Darak is a fun and relaxing place to hang out with your friends late at night until 3am or study for your next exam during the afternoons. They have a truly unique design that features vintage antique furniture, high ceilings, and even a little picnic area featuring a Volkswagon van tent that I've seen fit 10 people. They have very inexpensive drinks ($3-$6) that range from coffee, frappes, fruit smoothies, and many assorted sweet/unsweet/herbal teas. They also have desserts ranging from shaved ice, cakes, macarons, and one of the best honey toast in town. Free wifi is also available and is relatively good in speed.However, best thing about this cafe is its management. Being family owned, I've never met owners more friendly, attentive, and welcoming to their patrons. They memorize their frequent customers' orders, are open to suggestions, and make every effort to ensure a great experience. Cafe Darak truly sets itself apart from other cafes in Vegas because of this.
3	This is a unique coffee and tea place located on the west side of town.  What attracted me the most about this place is the interior decor.  I believe "darak" means attic, so the furniture are a bunch of random antiquish things.  I really love the interior.  As far as food and drinks, they were pretty mediocre.  Not bad, but not the best either.  I had the macaroons and chai tea latte.  I would request lest sugar on the chai tea latte if I plan on ordering some next time.  Great place to take a first date.  ;)
4	Totally different!  A lot  of different decorations going on!  The VW microbus is different.  I am not sure if it fits in.  Coffee is good.  I like the service, very good.  It is wonderful that they are open until 3:00. There is also a 24 hour coffee place nearby. Yes even seniors like to go for  coffee @ at all hours!
5	I came here late at night after a dinner with some friends. This place is a good spot to just kick back and get some coffee or dessert. It's even got free Wifi and is open until 3 am.The ambiance reminds me of an artsy, hipster-type environment. I don't usually appreciate that kind of decor, but it made for a cozy atmosphere. There's a VW van tent with bean bag chairs that can seat a decent sized group along with other smaller-capacity tables, each differing in design and comfort level. I personally liked the big chairs. They were very comfortable and relaxing.The girl working the front desk was helpful and friendly. She recommended the Oreo frappe and honey toast to us, which we got. They were pretty good and their prices were decent (around $5 for the frappe and I think closer to $6 for the honey toast).The music playing was a mixed playlist of indie Korean songs and slower American songs that are not blasted on the radio. I enjoyed it and even discovered a song to add to my music collection.There were also neat little toys to play with at the tables. Not sure why, but they just added to whole comfy and fun atmosphere of the place.Cafe Darak is a simple and comfortable cafe that offers a cozy retreat for those looking for it along with the means to satisfy a quick pick-me-up or sweet tooth craving. I'd come back in the future.
