4	Oggi's is a dream if your a fan of a good brewery.  The Beer is fantastic and the food is better then your standard pub grub as well.  Their gourmet pizzas are top notch and show some creativity.  The grilled chicken with hot wing sauce, in place of your standard tomato sauce, was very good, and even better heated up the next day.  I would recommend this place to anyone looking to relax, have a great beer, and good food.
5	Oggie's pizza is devine!  I've been to this location several times and each time the crust has been perfect soft, chewy, and you can even smell the yeast!  They have lots of fun topping combinations on the menu and their desserts are great too!  Be sure to check out their happy hour menu for good deals on food & drinks!
4	Good food and really good beer.  In fact, on certain days their own micro-brews are a dollar a pint.  That's right, one dollar a pint for liquid sunshine.  The pizza is ok, but the beer is why I go.  Try it for yourself, I'm pretty sure that you'll agree.
4	When I first saw Oggi's, I was not excited, I thought it would be just another "applebee's." There were a lot of TVs, which I'm not a fan of. But I also really like good craft beer, and unlike most brewery/restaurants I've been to, the beer at Oggi's was really, really good. I especially like the Scottish Ale. BUT THE BEER WAS ONLY ONE DOLLAR PER PINT! Good craft beer - far less expensive than any budweiser I've ever ordered at a restaurant.And the food was really good, too. I've actually gone back TWICE within a week, which I rarely do with a restaurant I've just visited. The won-ton nachos are delicious, the garlic knots are great, the burgers are tasty and juicy, and I also enjoyed the wild mushroom tortellini. Even the pizza is good. The menu has lots of choices and lots of diversity.
4	Went here for lunch and it was very empty. The dining room has lots of TV's on the walls so we were able to watch a couple of the March Madness games at the same time. The lunch specials are a pretty good deal. You get a soup or salad as well as a choice of meals for $6-9. The Baja 500 sandwich has a juicy chicken breast with a spicy sauce and was good. The battered thick-cut fries were just OK, a little too mushy inside but that didn't stop me from eating them. :)The beer sampler is a lot of beer, they give you 8 samples, which are ~3-4 oz each, so that is essentially two pints of beer. The waiter also gave us an extra sample of the Stone IPA they had on tap at no extra charge. Most of their beers were good, I liked their stout, scottish ale, and IPA the best.
2	I never have high expectations for sports bars, there isn't any reason to.  Walking in to Oggi's, I felt no different than I do walking in to any other similar establishment.  We came in and were seated in a half full restaurant.  The bar area was fairly busy as there was a game going on.The food is really not good.  Everything is quite greasy, and not in a good way.  Trust me, I like greasy.  They were also out of multiple menu items and a couple beers.  Of course, they didn't inform us of that beforehand, so  when I ordered the dish I wanted, I was told no, then my husband ordered what he wanted and told no again!  JEEZ!  I guess they have never heard of prepping.  I finally settled on the fettucini alfredo, as it's a simple dish and hard to screw up.  Well, they did.  It's all very generic, and the pasta was overcooked and mushy.  Ugh.  Service was so-so.I will not be back, simple as that.  I don't recommend this place to anyone.
2	Beers are mediocre here.  They got rid of their best beer last year, the Bavarian style Hefe-Weizen and replaced it with a watered down American wheat.Appetizers are above average and an exceptional value during happy hour.  Pizza is very average.If you're a beer enthusiast then don't bother, but if you like fried appetizers, cheesy breadsticks (Oggi stix), then this place will work for you.
4	I cannot explain how thrilled I was to find that this franchise has popped up in my backyard.... I LOVE OGGI'S!!! I spent 11 of the last 12 years living in North county San Diego and have been a fan of Oggi's since they were called Stuffed Pizza before the pizza-brewery split. There are quite a few items on their menus that I just love.... first of all the pizza is great, love the sauce, love the toppings, love the crust. Make it yourself or choose one of their specials.... you can't go wrong; besides anyplace that will let me make substitutions (which drives the hubby NUTZ!) gets an A+ on my list. The Oggi sticks as an app, especially when you have a night of drinking and watching the game planned, are a great way to start. One of my all time favorites is the balsamic chicken salad... There was a point, a good six month stretch a few years back where I was eating this salad like three or four times a week.... it is great to split before the pizza comes or a perfect meal in itself. The BEER,,,, yummy. I have been called a bit of a beer snob, and its true; I don't like light beer or big domestic giants.... I have this saying "If I can see my hand on the other side of the glass I probably won't like it." They have a great stout and porter, some seasonal beers and an occasional barley wine that are right up my ally. What can I say I like what I like, and anywhere I can pick up a growler is a good place by me.
2	Food is terrible. I've been dragged here a few times and have yet to actually have anything I liked. Even the pizza, (how do you make a bad pizza?) sucks. The ONLY reason to go here is for ridiculously good beer specials (241 or half off -i think - depending on the day) and lots and lots of TVs. I'm a pretty picky beer drinker and I found a beer I like. Good selection I think, all the way from super light to super dark.
4	Wow people you should really check the address and review the correct Oggi's. This place is worth coming to Friday and Saturdays tend to be a little busy especially in the bar. Appetizers are good they could have a little better selection but its a pizza/sports bar kinda place, the pizza is yummy especially the Boce' Ball its other worldly.Happy hour is awesome 2 for 1 drafts with purchase of food and after 6pm then its dollar pints for some decent beer trust me I know beer. Total Wine...tried all the beer there.Best beer there in my opinion is the Scottish Ale but thats only my opinion.
2	It's hard for me to not compare a brewery to Four Peaks since FP is the best of the best, at least in Arizona. The food here was good but nothing special - I had the chicken ciabatta with aioli and bacon. The aioli sauce was sort of like barbecue mixed with mayonnaise or ranch. The bacon was really good - very thick and probably apple wood. The ciabatta was soft but not toasted and just very... not good, not bad. I probably won't be coming back but it was nice to try something new.
3	Great happy hour.   2 for 1 beers hit the spot.  This is a great place to come kick back with the guys.  Small enough to have good service, yet not too small you can't get a table.  Pizza is good, but not great.  It's a little  "pre-made" tasting to me, but is priced accordingly.  Nice outside patio and couple games for the kids make it pretty well rounded.   Beer is like the pizza; good but not great.   As I said, good for a group of guys, but wouldn't take a date or family here.
4	Recently met a friend here for a late lunch on a weekday.  When I rolled up I was bummed that the happy hour beer specials didn't start until 2PM (two for one).  I was pleased when we got the receipt that since our server didn't ring us up until 2:15, we got the special!  The server was also good at being non-intrusive while we were catching up prior to looking at the menu.As for the food, it was fine.  They had some nice lunch specials categories from 'single' through 'home run', which were basically an entree plus a salad and soda.  I went with a 'double', which was a one topping personal pizza, caesar salad and bottomless soda for $7.99.  Not a bad deal at all.  The pizza was good (and there was enough for leftovers), while the salad was just ok.  I would definitely go back to Oggi's, especially for a happy hour.  I solidly rate them at a 3.5 and am going to round either up or down...think I'll go up, mainly because the service was solid.  (Plus, if you like sports, there are a ton of TV's in the place).
4	Great food in a unassuming  environment... the beers are fantastic and don't miss the pizza and the quesadilla.A great place to hang out with friends or family (is family friendly).Never had bad service.Parking can be a challenge at this location.
4	Good place and food I'd very good for bar food. A bit pricey but good atmosphere. Great service.
2	I went to Oggi's to watch the World Cup and drink some beer. At the beginning the service was prompt, which was to be expected since they weren't busy. The first disappointment at Oggi's came when they didn't have their California Gold on tap, which I would have been fine with until the second disappointment. The second disappointment came when the waitress admitted she had no knowledge about the beer. In result, I settled for a beer that was warm and sweet...in all unsatisfying. The third disappointment came from the continuously declining service. The service was awkward because the waitress never stood in front of the table to ask how I was doing. Instead she would do a walk-by-half muffled "you okay?' The most annoying thing about the employees at Oggi's was the young bus girl who was walking around with her cell phone in her back pocket. First of all, you're here to work! Second, where the hell is your manager and why are they allowing cell phones while you're on the clock? Anyways, I sat through the whole soccer game and never had a glass of water brought to me (thanks to the lack of focus from the bus girl). The food at Oggi's isn't bad, but nothing to write home about. In all, a pitcher of beer and a chicken sandwich for $22 wasn't worth sitting in a gaudy sports bar posing as a "brewery".
4	it's great as a family-friendly sports bar.  the food is VERY reasonably priced and good. The beers weren't superb, but definitely not bad, either.   our server was great -- there when we needed him and not there when we didn't. the manager was available and made a point of going to the tables, which sometimes i find awkward, but this one seemed very genuine and sincere.  it's definitely a place we'll return to -- especially during football season.
3	How can one not like a brewery?  They ususally have good beer, fun atmosphere, and tasty bar grub.  I guess some are better than others with some places knowing how to please their patrons better.Oggi's is located right in the middle of the Arrowhead Ranch area so location surely isn't an issue.  Right off the freeway and easy acess to the restaurant.  It's a brewery that serves its own brewed beer and pizza to a sports watching crowd as well as a family customer base.The food I've had here has been less than stellar.  Pretty much mediocre in my opinion.  Helping to satisy your hunger craving, but that's about it.  The prices are on the cheap side so it shouldn't be a suprise that you aren't coming here for the food.The beer is ok and I'm assuming the main reason why people come here.  That and all the TV's for that sports watching crowd.  Also don't expect to be super impressed with the beer.  It's good, but nowhere near the best you would expect from many other breweries.This place could also use a little updating with its decor.  With a little modernization this brewery may actually be a fun little watering hole to come to.  Ok choice for the area, but definitely not a place to go out of your way for.
3	For the price, the beers can't be beat. However, if you're hoping to watch a game be aware that good seating is limited. The TVs are dated and mounted in such a way that if you're sitting in a booth along the outer wall, you'll more than likely have to crane your neck to see. But I digress, still worth it for the low cost drink  factor!
4	$1 drafts during Happy hour. Above average beer and above average Pizza. They have a slightly thicker crust, I like a thiner crust but it is still good.  Other food on the menu is not too bad either
3	Service was great.  Got a hawaian pizza which was no that great.  Broccli soup was delicious.  Overall would say place is so so.
3	This place smelled really funky when I walked in.  Pizza is better than average.  If it didn't smell, it would get 4 stars.
2	I only tried to eat here once was awful.my chicken was so dry I nearly chocked....I hear beer is cheap...guess this place is only drinkable
4	I'm from WI and found my new fav micro-brew spot! Beers are wonderful and prices are cheap. Try the Won Ton Nachos!!!
3	I have a co-worker who may want to stick some sort of explosive device in my car after this review. She and I would frequent the Oggi's in Scottsdale because really, we do very much enjoy the buffalo chicken pizza. How can you not? It's spicy and yummy and chewy. Because of my enjoyment of the buffalo chicken pizza, I'm going with three when experience here was a solid two. Came here with the family after my daughter's swim meet. Hanging out in 110 degree weather watching people in a pool in excruciating! It was close to the meet so we went for it. The BF and I wanted to share a few small things so we got a personal size meat topping pizza (the name totally forgotten after what happens next) and some buffalo chicken sliders. My daughter got the mac and cheese which I thought was "meh" but she's seven and it was mac and cheese. She loved it. The pizza came and was pretty darn good. I found myself looking at the sliders like my yellow lab would look at me when I asked him a question. They were fried pieces for chicken. And not like good battered fried. I mean, like breaded fried. They looked super greasy. The worst part was that they tasted like nothing but grease and like the grease had been used for the last month. It was so awful I actually did something I never do. I sent them back. Got the burger sliders. Guess what they tasted like? Grease. I may go back to the good beer that they have and for a pizza but do yourself a favor and don't stray from the pizza. Ever. Period.
5	I've never had a bad meal here!  It can get crowded, once you taste the food you will see why.  We love the entire appetizer menu.  You could also try the vodka penne de parmia...everything is so good.  Last time we went the waitress told us that it is ALL DAY EVERY DAY happy hour!!!! from now on?   YES.  I wish we lived close.  We would be here all the time.
5	This place is solid in every way.  Great local brewed beer.  The food is surpisingly good every time.  The menu is huge and they really do everything well from pastas and pizzas which are excellent to their Philly, which is equally great (they put a little gravy on it, mmm), and wraps.  Fries are darn good.  Servers are all nice and like working there. It shows.  Good lunch specials.  Good happy hour too with half priced appetizers.I really recommend this place.  Solid and semi-local.  Can get busy but I always sit at the bar.PS.  Believe it or not I met my wife there a few years ago!  Thats why it gets the 5th star.  :)
2	I ordered the heavyweight pizza and it was a very lightweight experience that i regret. It was $40 for 1 med pizza and calamari. Way too expensive. Calamari was OK, but the pizza was not good for a place that brags about their pizza skills.
4	Great food! Their pizza is awesome. The Lightning pizza is really good! I've gone multiple times and never had any issues. The most recent time I went the pizza they brought out was over-cooked. The crust was pretty black and I let the waiter now. He was very nice and offered to have a new pizza made. We were hungry so said no thanks, so instead he took $5 off the bill. Great customer service right there :)
2	As a San Diegan, Oggis original home, I was really disappointed with my home town pizza brew.My sausage artichoke pizza was a spot above your home baked frozen pizza, just less chewy.   I suspect my trip might have been better if I didn't follow the bar tender's advice to get the house tomato sauce on a normal crust.  Everyone around me got their buffalo sauce on a thin crust, and appeared to be really enjoying themselves.  So I got a full flight which is 8 tasters for $9, not too bad.  If you aren't a beer drinker get the Light Lager, if you like medium beer get the Scotch and the black if you like beers dark as night.  Light lager. One of the best lights on tap anywhere with a little wheat finishAmber. Hoppy start  with no body  and a stingy finishPale.  Worse than amber Hef. So so, just no wheat taste Gold.   Absolutely unremarkable and indistinguishable from the amber and pale IPA Lingering hoppy waterScotch ale. Some maltiness with a splash of caramel.  Best beer of the bunch.Black.  A darker hoppier version of the Scotch.  An OK place to catch the Coyote game and kick it with your guy friends.  If you're looking for your authentic pizza or craft brews, look else where.
4	Food was good. Pizza needs more sauce in my opinion. Service is good I received a warm 24 oz beer and told the waitress and she came back with two more cold glassed 16 oz beers. A little pricey but great atmosphere
4	Great beer.  Good food.  What more can you ask for!
3	Busy restaurant.  I went on a Saturday night.  But not too busy that I had to wait for seating.  I like the booth seating.  Staff was cheery and came to our table often.  We ordered the Hawaiian and boneless wings.  Both were nothing to write home about.  The crust on the pizza was quite bland.  The wing sauce was good but not superior.  I ordered the Golden Blond beer.  Pretty tasty! I would definitely come back for the beer but the food was mediocre.
3	Oggies is a good solid brewery and pizza restaurant. I would give it 3 1/2 stars if I could. I've been here a few times and love the beer and the pizza is real good. Beer is reasonably priced but the food is a little expensive for what you get.  I've had the meat pizza and its good...but somewhere like Mellow Mushroom is better and cheaper... Plus the TVs are small and outdated. I live close to here and would love Oggies to be something more but its just about average for me. Well a lil above just because the beer is really good and they brew a lot if high percent brews. I'll still come here just based in location and beer.
1	Oggi's has decent pizza but TERRIBLE service. We have tried going on our lunch hour several times & more times than not, they couldnt care less to make you late getting back. The female servers & the manager are incredibly rude. Several coworkers & myself will NEVER go back. Their happy hour sucks as well. $13 bucks for a pitcher of bud light? You can get that price anywhere & beat it most places to boot. Their produce is often questionable as well. Several salads came wilted with bitter cucumbers & shriveled pepperchini's. All in all, TWO THUMBS DOWN.
1	This place sucks, slow service, bad service, barely edible food and super over priced for what it is, food was cold, i would never eat at oggis again.
4	For the price point of the beer and quality of food, this place is totally 4 star.  The beer was so cheap compared to what we are used to in the northwest valley.  I swear the Northwest valley restaurants serve beer with gold dust in it because they charge an arm and a leg for it.  Not this place though.  Great selection and great price.  We had a pizza too that was quite tasty.
4	Good beer good food good people and good environment how could you go wrong
3	Unmemorable: yes. Convenient, generally good food, catering, staff, and atmosphere: also yes. Very accommodating to students so at the end of the day I have no complaints.
3	Great place. We stopped in because we had a 10 dollar off coupon from valupak.  Better than average bar food.  We would go again.  It's good, not great - but not bad either.
2	Wow how wrong could a reccomendation have been to try this place.  I heard about good pizza and good wings so I decided to check it out.  I ordered the New Yorker pizza and the "killer" boneless wings.  First of all the total for that and soda was over $30 which is rediculous but if it was amazing ok fine I'll deal.  Well the pizza was very underwhelming and the toppings were just laid on not even cooked into the pizza.  The wings were far from killer hot barely even on the mild scale.  There was a huge lack of sauce.  Just overall I was not impressed and for sure will take my pizza and wing business elsewhere.
5	Great neighborhood place to get great pizza, beer, and watch a game!  We stop by about once per week, and have always had great food and service! We've ordered the "Heavyweight" Pizza each time, and it's been great!  Loaded with meat, and cooked to perfection!  We will definately keep coming back!
1	This place has gone really down hill :(  I was in last weekend after a hockey on a saturday at 9pm.  The ladies bathroom was gross.  The service was lacking in friendliness and timeliness-and all we had was beer and appetizers!  We used to love coming here, but will definitely think twice.
3	Been coming here since they opened. Their pizza is decent, but if you come during Happy Hour, you'll find some great finds- garlic knots are so yum and the flatbreads are also quite good. Very friendly customer service and the vibe is really fun. Chill during the day, sports bar atmosphere at night. Go with a group!
2	We've been here several times and usually enjoy the casual, family friendly atmosphere.  Tonight we had a bad experience so not sure we'll be back, at least not anytime soon.  They weren't too busy when we arrived, seemed a normal weeknight crowd.  When our food took forever we overheard our server tell the table next to us (when they inquired 'where's our food?') they were understaffed in the kitchen.  Our food was served almost an HOUR after we arrived with no explanation or apology.  The kids fries were barely warm, mac & cheese was like soup, hubby's fish tacos were ok and my spinach salad was ok as well.  I would expect the manager to be offering an apology, maybe even a complimentary bread appetizer to hold us over (especially the kids!), or at the very least the server should have offered an apology.
4	Nice place for a good beer and some decent food. Lots of TV's to watch while you eat.
5	What you need to know about This place is the beer is great one of the only places in the valley you can get lumberyard IPAs one of the best IPAs ever made food is good pizza is good atmosphere is mostly family unless you're there on a Friday night or Saturday night personally I love to go there and have lunch with my father Stephanie waitress/bartender is quite the personality if Stephanie can't make you laugh you just have no sense of humor absolute pleasure to be around my father and I always look forward to having lunch there because the beer is great and Stephanie is excellent if I say anymore The other waitress Dad and eyes second favorite not to mention names but her name is Carey it's hard to tell the difference if you're looking at them from the backside not that I look this is the place that I would recommend this is the place that I love this is the place that you should all enjoy
3	Our first time trying in being new to the area. Pizzas is decent the wings were  a bust, tough, chewy, and could've been cooked a little bit more.  Did take out , and Original driver never did get here so I had to call and ask and they made a new order and send it out it was here in 22 minutes but overall time to get it was over over two hours.  They were very nice about it and offer to comp the entire meal so now I have a credit at the bar so to speak so we'll try that experience here the beer and atmosphere is good.
3	Shouldnt let people smoke outside on the padio when people are eating eww!! And def can improve the hummas trio. Otherwise pretty good!
2	Service was slow but very kind. The food was awful. We had order a mushroom pizza and meat ball sub. The meat ball was not flavored and mushy. The dough in general dominated the taste of both dishes. It tasted like it had been frozen and reheated. We left with over half our plates filled with food. In general it was not pricey HOWEVER for the quality it was expensive. I could have made a better tasting pizza at home. We will not be returning.
2	Threw the pizza thrown out after 3 slices bland bland bland overpriced paid 22.50 for a large chicken and onion .....hey Oggi your competition is NYPD and Humble Pie have you tried their pizza it's worth the money.....never again.....chalked up as a loss.....gross
5	Really can't say enough about how awesome this place is. I've been coming here for 4+ years and it's because they are amazing. Harry the bartender is such a cool and genuine guy. I recommend this place to everyone.
4	Good craft beer and good heavy pizza.  Friendly service.  Got stuffed with a smile!  Ordered the Triathlon pizza, boneless wings, sweet potato fries, McGarvey's Scottish Ale, and some sodas.
4	Didn't give it 5 stars because service was slow but the food was amazing . Tried the marathon flatbread , very good. The beers are great . Kids portions are large and everything is made fresh . Will definitely return !
3	Love this place. Our waitress was amazing with our large party. Their BBQ pizza is wonderful and their microbrews are great. Definitely recommend this place
3	Oggi's is awesome! Great food, good beer, and pretty good service! My boyfriend and I go sometimes on Wednesdays and get dessert and cheaper beer! Cool atmosphere! Really great wings!
4	the food is great here they offer you 10$ off a pizza when you check in on yelp. the place was busy it was happy hour and the server was slow but we order a good portion of our food right away when he ask us what we wanted to drink the beer was not that great i order a hefenwezin their where no carbonation but the server did switch my beer  to a better one  then when i order again they brought me the same beer that had no carbonation. they server was asking if we need anything more to eat or drink as you could tell he wanted to clear the table but we just wanted to drink and stay a little longer .  for a Friday night it was busy but the food was good  the beer not so much   if you go during happy hour  on a Friday night  don't aspect fast serves
5	The five cheese march madness pizza was outstanding. I also tried the happy hour house salad it was good but dressing was some lemon herb concoction and that was only ok. I saw the chicken wings, they look good, but I did not try them.Chris, our server, was very good. Very timely with his service.They have plenty of tv's with sports of all kinds to watch.They have plenty of beer options.I LIKE THE SMALL RECTANGULAR leftover pizza box, perfect for 1/2 a pizza.Only gripe was ordered 8" pizza but was served 12" pizza and price, didn't complain because pizza was great and service was good, and who doesn't like leftover pizza.I also liked that this place was roomy, open, seemed inviting and they have a patio outside.Definitely will try again.
4	If ever you are in the mood for wings, Oggi's is your place. They are huge. I wasn't too sure when I ordered them since you order by weight not quantity so I didn't know what to expect. I ordered a little side salad to go with the wings. When the wings came I was definitely surprised at the size of them. I left there full and wanting to go back and try the rest of the menu. Next time!
5	Thoroughly impressed by service, food and beer! Just wish the actual bar was bigger, very limited. Loaded cannon pizza was killer, Oggi's beers were great as well! Love the IPA and Paradise Pale Ale! Definitely one of the great finds for great beer, food, service, atmosphere, music, sports in the Peoria/northern Glendale area, if you're kind of over the regular Bell Rd chain bars, hit up Oggi's, we'll probably be here!
4	This is a great local place to eat!  I love the fish and chips and the customer service.  The owner is charming, and always attentive whenever we have been there.  Go for a great meal.  I've never had the pizza, but everything else we order is great.  The salads are all EXCELLENT as well.  Enjoy your evening! Tell them Ardelle sent you!  LOL
2	Dissappointed. i've necer had chicken cooked as hard as my pollo pizziola was today. it tasted pretty good but was very tough! others in our party were unhappy with the wings - too few per order, hot wasnt hot - calamari was not good. the only thing anyone was happy with was the burgers.
1	Although the food was very good at this restaurant, it is likely that I will never return. Upon my visit, I mentioned the broken chairs to the manager. (I recently lost the end of a finger in a broken chair at a restaurant.) His reply to my concern was that he would put it into the "whatever it's worth column." I cannot support a restaurant that is not concerned for the welfare of its patrons! Good luck if you go!
2	It was all right. My boyfriend had a craving for fish and chips, but we were too lazy to drive anywhere. This place delivered, and it delivered fast; about half an hour. The fries were too salty, and the dinner came with three small pieces of fish. I would like to try a pizza off their menu sometime, since those sound good.
5	I have been to Oggi's many many many times. The food has always been great, the service is always helpful and accommodating but the beer is even better. You come to a pizza and beer place for just that but they give you so much more. Enjoy!
5	Great happy hour!I live in the area and Oggi's is always on the pist of places to go for dinner. They have great servers and every pizza I have gotten is very good!They have their own brews and they are always at a great price and they hit the spot!I definitely recommend Oggi's =] If it's going to be your first time there, get the garlic knots for an appetizer.
4	Good food in a sports bar setting. Wait people are friendly and attentive. Prices are average and in a good location. Can get crowded during peak hours and nights
1	Sadly, this was some of the worst pizza I ever had.  So disappointing.  I ordered the Heavy Hitter and my girl got the Chop Salad... I think she would have had a better salad from a bag at Safeway or Fry's. Won't eat here again.
5	Laid back, attentive and knowledgeable wait staff (especially about their beers!)... and more importantly, great food and beer!  I recommend most of their menu (burgers and sandwiches), their calzones are delicious, and their pizza is pretty solid (I'm from Chicago so that bar is set high).  If you like artichoke, their chicken parmesan sandwich is worth every penny.Most importantly their beers are pretty generally excellent, I'm hooked on the Torrey Pines IPA, and they have happy hour from Friday to Monday (all day).  Four of us had dinner and a few drinks each for only $65.  I highly recommend this joint!
1	I don't like to give negative reviews but my husband ordered chicken and it was undercooked...TWICE! Service was good and they apologized but raw chicken to me is a major mishap. Upon leaving we noticed sewage seeping up from the drain outside and notified them about this unsanitary issue. Unfortunately, our visit there consisted of a combination of bad events. We have not returned here to eat and I do not recommend it.
5	i love this place, best food close my by home by far! severs are the nicest!
1	The owner is a condescending unpleasant person who belittles his customers. The food has been on a steady decline for a number of years and is getting worse by the day.  stay far away from this money pit! unless you want to waste money on bad food and a horrible experience.
4	My man performed a Google search today for delivery in our area besides the usual weekend pizza or Chinese. He found this place and we decided to try it out. He got the meatball sub and enjoyed it. I got the Philly cheese steak and it was fantastic. I am originally from NY and grew up eating real Philly subs, in Philly. These taste almost exactly like them. It was like tasting and smelling my childhood. Just needs a tad bit more cheese and gravy and it would be straight Philly deli style. We will definitely be ordering from them in the future :-)
4	Second time coming here. Great place,  good food. Tried the pot stickers, hummus, and lettuce wraps this time. All were tasty, would definitely have again. We'll be back!
5	Great food! The pizza is amazing. They have a wide array of menu choices.  Great place to watch any sports game! Staff are very friendly! The owner is very personable as well.
1	The pizza here has to be frozen tombstones. The crust was chewy and looks beyond cheap. The cheese is just as equally as awful. I can't imagine why they call it their home made dough and sauce. Their cheesecake is just as big of a joke, as it too is frozen. I hope they care more about brewing their beer than they do making food. I hate giving bad reviews but they need this to improve. I won't be returning to find out but best of luck.
1	This place is terrible. Beer is warm, the traditional calzone was disgusting, popcorn chicken for kids is spicy with pepper, tomatoes on salad were left with the core on. Just laziness and lack of caring. This could be a great neighborhood spot. It's more like people come here by default since there is nothing but crappy chain restaurants saturating Arrowhead.  Seriously, save your money.
5	This is the best bar in the area. The food on the menu is diverse, and everything is pretty much great. I believe there are 14-17 beers on tap (6 or 7 oggi's, 3 domestic garbage, 5-6 rotating guest craft beers). Happy hour goes from 3-7 and varies depending on the day, with all day happy hour friday-sunday. Steph is an awesome bartender, so stop by for lunch! Stop reading reviews and just go there
1	Arrived to sit down with a good crowd & ambiance. Soon a stinky bar tender assisted with our order.His body oder was so offensive that it made me gag... We didn't want him to come near us. Couldn't even enjoy our meal. Came here on a Monday evening to watch a football game.
1	Take out tonight; 2 pasta dishes to go. Probably could've put each $11 Entree's contents in a red solo cup.Weak and wont be back.
4	I really like the house ipa. It will make the food taste like 5 stars!  Cheese calzone and hot wings are consistently good. When the flat bread pizzas were on the low cal list, it was better!  All the food items including the wings were $10 each but a pint was 3.50. Service is usually good and a lot of tvs and big booths
1	First time patron & probably last time too. Went to watch Sunday afternoon football & the place was busy but not packed which was nice. Ended up seating at the bar which provided great views of all the games; so far so good. But once self seated at the high top table in the bar area it took forever to get service which was surprising since it didn't seem that busy. It probably took the male server at least 15-minutes (felt longer though) to stop at the table.So what felt like forever, finally able to place an order. I order one of their micro-brews; the dude replies that they were out "till Tuesday" (WTF it's football Sunday!), ok it is what it is, so I then ask for a Heineken,  the dude replies "we don't carry Heineken" ( again I'm thking WTF), third choice, which they had, was one of their labels; a heifenwiser. The food was good;  nothing special but good- no complaints.  My only beef is with the service.  Totally lackadaisical & by no means customer - service oriented.  Ended using the bathroom twice & the overall condition was nasty. The urinal had a puddle of water under it, which I didn't realize was there until I was standing in it (gross), so I end up using the stall & that too was nasty. At this point,  I'm thking,  I just eat here, hope I don't get sick. I have no plans on returning nor do I recommend it. There are loads of other joints in the area to watch the games, have lunch,  but more importantly;  receive way better service & a cleaner facility to take a leak.
5	We order for delivery all the time. Love love love. Never fails to be awesome!!!
2	I came here with my parents and my husband.  The beer and wine were good.  The flavor of the wings were good as well; However, they were drumettes. On the first order, we received all drumettes.  I requested some wings on the second order, but the server did not seem to care to make the request to the chef....and again on the second order, all drumettes.  After speaking to the manager, we were informed "the menu is misleading" and Oggi's only serves drumettes.  We also had the pizza.  It was good but was lacking in sauce (see picture).  We did ask for a side of sauce and we did receive some from the manager- not our server.  Unfortunately, after requesting the manager regarding the wings, we hardly saw our server again- which was sad because we would have still tipped her well and just considered her new to the job.  So, overall, the only thing really good was the drinks!
2	I'm giving it 2 stars because our server was really nice and attentive. His name is Corbin ( I think that's how you spell it ) if you go there he will take care of you.  The place was nice and I love the ambience , it was something we wanted to check out for Sunday football. When the host sat us at our table it was the only table that had food left over from the previous dinners. And not crumbs, chunks of food, baby puffs & sauce. It was gross. I looked around to see if it was a Roadhouse thing ( they let you crack nuts and leave the shells on the ground) or if was just a turn-over tables and hurry and seat the next customers. So we can look it over, it happens I guess . So we ordered the Knots app and a vegetarian pizza. The Knots were pretty pathetic and tasteless but if you dipped it in the sauce the flavor goes to holy sweet! Like pucker sweet. The pizza was good but the sauce was sweet on that too so I didn't enjoy it but my husband did. I'm pretty sad about or visit. We have been wanting to go for awhile.
