2	Since the day it opened this shiny new diner has been busy and the locals seem to love the food, so I'm sure this review won't harm it one bit.  I was hoping to make Stacks my go-to "eggs joint" but alas. First it's a little pricy, around $6-7 for eggs and some meat which doesn't include coffee ($2) but it gets worse. The coffee is very weak and a bit acidy and the sides are choice of grits or totally tasteless, not browned, not crispy, so called Hash browns without any flavor to them. I tried the Eggs Benny ($8.25), which weren't bad - at least the eggs were runny as I had requested - but I couldn't eat the potatoes and the coffee was far from pleasurable. No joy.My companion had a $9 salad : lettuce, some grape tomatoes with generic tuna salad and chicken salad, with packaged croutons and the typical bottled ranch dressing. The thing is we won't even eat this pre-cooked, packaged, bottled crap at home so it really doesn't make sense to pay restaurant prices for it, not to us anyway.
5	Shame that the only review for this place is someone griping about the price of eggs.Me and my wife can be very picky, but this is one of the better places we have tried since coming to NC.The place is well decorated and spotless, they were very busy but efficient, and the food was great. I had stuffed french toast covered in fresh fruit, and fresh squeezed orange juice. Everything was well presented and tasted great.The waitress was very friendly and enthusiastic, and I would guess that in a land of few options, these guys will be king, by the time we left the line was getting huge, so I guess you should expect a wait during prime times, but it was worth it.
1	I would have loved to try out this restaurant as I had heard great things about the Waxhaw location.  My husband called at 10 am on Sunday told them we would be coming at 12:30 with 6 people and asked if they took reservations.  The hostess said they did not take reservations but we didn't need to call-ahead since there would not be a long wait at 12:30.  So after church we drove the 20 minutes there and found a 40 minute wait.  I said to the hostess we were told there would be hardly any wait at 12:30 so we didn't need to call-ahead and she turned to the other hostess and said, "Did you tell them that?"  The other hostess shrugged and said, "Yes".  The first hostess said, "I don't know why she said that since it's Sunday."  They offered no apologies.  Unfortunately my children were very hungry and there was not a safe place for them to wait 40 minutes (inside was full of people standing and waiting and outside full of the same, only spot to stand would have been a busy parking lot).   At this point we decided to just eat something at home, much to everyone's disappointment.  I do not fault them for being busy.  It is good for them that they are busy.  But they need to be honest with customers.  I would not have driven over there with hungry children if they had told me from the beginning the wait would be long.   They also need to have better customer service manners when they have made a mistake.
5	Did not know this place existed and it didn't show up on a search for breakfast restaurants. Nice breakfast, fabulous atmosphere, good coffee; one of the few good breakfast restaurants in Charlotte. Will definitely be back!
1	Sunday I got in of those moods for French toast but decided to avoid the brunch crowd. Monday at 1 pm I sit at the counter,  there's only two other customers and both had already finished eating. I order eggs and French toast - a 5 minute job for any short order cook - and wait. And wait and wait. Twenty five minutes later the restaurant has emptied out, I've had all the coffee I could stomach and still no food. Sometimes an order falls between the cracks, it happens. I tell the waitress to check and she tells me it's coming out "soon" Then she spends the next 20 minutes going back and forth to check in the kitchen and repeating to me soon, soon soon  - meaning they hadn't even started my order yet. Well, at least the woman  tried. Forty five minutes was all I could take, I told her "maybe next time", got up and left. To be honest reading the labels of the so called "jam" containers while I waited didn't help my mood:   High Fructose corn syrup and corn syrup are the two main ingredients    www.smuckers.com/products/ProductDetail.aspx?groupId=1&categoryId=15&flavorId=24
5	About a year back, I happened to drive through Waxhaw stopped for breakfast at the original Stacks Kitchen.  Now here was a reason to move to Waxhaw: a good menu, breakfast all day, fair prices, and a bakery case!  I was hooked and from that point on, if I was in Waxhaw around breakfast or lunch, Stacks is where I'd grab a meal.  So when I drove down Monroe Road and saw their coming soon banner, I was pretty excited.  Matthews doesn't have a good diner.  You might say what about have cracker-barrel and IHOP but eat a breakfast at Stacks and you'll never go back to those chains.  The inside is a mix of booths, tables, and even a bar to eat at.  The bar is first-come basis and with the exception of peak times on the weekend, there's always a spot available.  Service is great but like any great cult-eatery, they get busy so things do slow down.  I'd rather have slower service and good food than the trash on a plate found at the chains.The food is incredible.  The baked goods and desserts are made in-house as well as their fresh-squeezed juicer.  They are fantastic and many of the breakfast meals come with their bread as toast.  Breakfast is my favorite whether its a large fluffy omelets or the waffle piled high with fruit.  Plus it's served all day...(which ends at 3pm for them).The sandwiches (BLT, Turkey and Ham, etc) are stacked high like they're challenging you to take it all in one big food-coma inducing bite.  Make sure you save room for dessert as you're forced to stroll by their display case filled with cakes, cheesecakes, cookies, and canoli's - which is cruel and unusual punishment if you're stuffed up to your eyeballs.  That's ok - get it and take it home.
4	Busy place Saturday 9 AM - a good sign. Been open a couple of months. Only serve breakfast and lunch. Service was fast, efficient, friendly and courteous.Menu is full of great optionsThey bake their own bread - it's greatCoffee was okOmelet was a little over cookedGrits were creamy and very tastyApplewood bacon was just rightHash browns were goodEggs cooked as requestedWe will go again
2	The food here is pretty good, and that's why we came back three times. However, the service SUCKS! I am standing here on a 40 minute line while there are 5 empty tables for at least 15 minutes. Then there is waitress who has forgotten what we've ordered every time we've been back, which she excuses by saying that the kitchen is too busy.This place tries our patience a d unless they improve soon, we will not be back, no matter how good the food is.And here is another gem: we were just sat down and were told to expect to be served slowly because the kitchen is backed up. Seriously? Who does this?
4	Great food and awesome service. Come early they do get busy. The skillets are good and my kids love the waffles. Coffee could use an upgrade. Don't let the outside appearance fool you inside it is very upscale and clean.
4	Awesome breakfast!! We went on a Saturday morning and there was a small wait. But it was worth it because the food is great. I got the short stack French toast and it was great. My boyfriend enjoyed his skillet which was very big. Overall this place is great with decent food prices. We will be back to try the pecan pancakes another Saturday this month.
3	Sort of a fan. Great Restaurant. Good Food. Bakery in house. Breakfast all day. All things that I love. However on 2 occasions I have asked the waitress to bring me a check after the food is delivered. Both of them waited an extra amount of time (one of them had to be asked a 2nd time). Call me goofy but this is a pet peeve of mine when dining at lunch by myself. I want to get in and get out. Please fix to make this the perfect breakfast lunch spot!
5	The Challah French Toast is out of this world............
1	Disappointed.  Never even got to try the food (or table service for that matter.) After waiting 30 minutes for a 20 minute wait, we discovered they had not written our name on the list when we checked in. Their solution was to offer our party of 3 "open seating" at the counter, where there was 1 open stool. Thanks. I won't go back. They seemed very busy, so I doubt they will miss my business.
3	We have tried Stack numerous times. Food is good but service is lacking!! I work 5 mins from there so we love getting orders to go. I think on the 6-8 times in the last 6 months they have yet to get out order right (usually missing a couple food items we ordered). So do yourself a favor, check the order before you leave. And just know they older lady up front will be pissy with you for doing it! Once we went Saturday morning ... Very!!! busy. We tried to be patient. I watched 2 waitresses (one was ours) seem to be unsure about orders in their hands. They set order down 3 tables away and walked away. The patrons looked confused & she came back & picked up the plates. Made a circle round through the kitchen & then to my table. When I told her, she suddenly couldn't speak good English. We told lady when we pd she said that I was seeing things &My order came from the kitchen. She said the waitresses wouldn't do that. Never confronted the waitresses - just told me I was wrong.  Breakfast is hot & fresh. Pancakes are a little bland. They have ham & cheese club at lunchtime - YUM!!  We always share - its huge. Just know service is going to be mediocre at best.
5	I have been to the Matthews location EVERY weekend since probably.... mid October? And before that I would come in about twice a month. I've gone both Saturdays and Sundays at different times. The owner is absolutely wonderful. He always greets us with a hand shake and smile and welcomes us back. Those of you who have issues with them being busy, please note that they actually opened up this summer and so far their business seems to be steadily building. They may just  be having a few growing pains getting their seating system in order. It's true I've had to wait 30-45 minutes before. Being from Atlanta originally, I guess the higher wait times just don't bother me. That's an everyday occurance in Atlanta, no matter what time of day! :) The food is awesome, the wait staff is very friendly, and the owner is one of the nicest people around. I've never had a wrong order, everything is always super fresh, and it has a great atmosphere.
5	I've been here three times now for breakfast on the weekend, the food is really good. However, you get lots of food. The stuffed French toast is about 5 inches tall & the hashbrowns are plentiful. It's cheap, it's good ,it's filling, & it's clean.  I sit at the counter and have no service problems at all.
4	Great lunch sandwiches. Try the Reuben. Also a good burger. Owner stopped by the table and is very friendly and the service is great. Also, the place to go for breakfast. This is a little gem you must try if you are in the neighborhood  and worth going out of your way for even if you aren't. They have Carnegie Deli desserts that are terrific flown in fresh from NY. Also, there is a little Argentinian bakery a couple of stores down that is to die for. Worth walking down there and taking home a bag of sweet goodies. And the service there is also super friendly. Stacks should serve desserts from that place in addition to their Carnegie selection. Would be good for both of the places.
4	I only rated Stacks Kitchen four stars because the service has never impressed me. The food is so delicious, though, I really hardly care. I just arrived home after trying Stacks for the second time. The first time I went with two friends and had one of their day's specials, a Cajun shrimp wrap. It was to die for. It was so good, I had to bring my husband back to check this place out. The hostess seemed nice, but confused or maybe overwhelmed. We we told there would be a ten-minute wait. No big deal, whatever. Packed place. A couple minutes later, the man that I have been assuming is the owner (friendly dark-haired hype man with an accent?) comes by, says "just to two of you?" in a surprised manner, and seats us. It was almost as if he was wondering why she had us waiting. Strange. On the way to our seats, he asked if we had ever tried the french toast. He recommended their special of Cannoli cream french toast, and I thought to myself, "Sure, it's made out of yesterday's bread. Why would you not push it?" However, the longer I thought about it the more it made sense. I had already tried and loved the savory-lunch route here. Why not go sweet-breakfast route this time? Plus he just seems so nice, and like he genuinely cares about your experience. I figured he wouldn't lead me wrong. Yeah, he didn't lead me wrong. My cannoli french toast was ah-mazing. It was the most delicious sweet breakfast I have ever tasted. The cream inside was perfectly sweet and had a lot of substance, sticking well between the toast layers and adding a great textural element to the just-firm-enough toast. The strawberries on top were tart and a smart touch, the tartness really cutting through the cream. Refreshing. My husband ordered shrimp and grits which were also some of the best we have tasted outside of our own kitchen. The like sauce topping the grits tasted meaty and homey, like a red eye gravy. He was pleased, and he is a picky shrimp and gritter. A lot of reviews mention the lacking service. I have to say, it's not the best i've had but it's far from the worst. Our waitress did forget our order and have to come back. When our waitress forgot to return to re-fill our drinks, the owner noticed and came to do it himself. A really sweet touch- not something an owner has to do. I like Stacks Kitchen a whole lot. I've already agreed with a few friends that this will be out go-to meet up spot in Matthews. They deserve our regular business.
4	Wednesday mornings are not too busy. Service was great and the veggie quesadilla was plentiful and tasty. A clean friendly place. I plan to go back.
4	Very good!  We had a party of 6 for breakfast.  The service was FANTASTIC and the food was great!  Everyone was stuffed!  This was my first visit and I will definitely go back the next time I am in Charlotte!
4	AMAZING food. OK service. We waited a long time to be seated and then watched as 2 other tables' (sat after us) orders were taken before ours. That stunk. But we pointed it out and a server came right over and took our order. The food was incredible. We'll be back, just wish the service was better. (Don't go if you are in a hurry!)
5	This is our FAVORITE diner in the entire Charlotte area.The stuffed French toast is the size of a birthday cake! We ordered 2 and it des my husband, son and I and then fed us all AGAIN the next night for dinner.Honey stung chicken, pot pie - everything we have tried there has been awesome. The bakery inside is better than 95% of stand-alone bakeries and is cheap, too! The people there are so sweet! They have a live on the Sunday mornings (you can't give them a bad review for that - it means the place is worth trying! Seriously...) they brought those folks in line coffee and biscuits and muffins. Go! Go now! We are :)
5	This place is a real find,  Food is fresh, prepared to order, huge portions.  Service is excellent, prices reasonable.  Went there with a group of 17 today.  Food came very quickly, and each dish was absolutely delicious.  Lovely presentations, almost looked too good to eat.  So pretty that we took pictures.  Between us we had various sandwiches, chicken salad fruit plates, pastichio, baked ziti, eggs, French toast, pancakes.  The desserts are to die for.  Lightest cheesecake anywhere, luscious chocolate cake. Everyone in the group is ready to go back very soon.
5	Great breakfast food! There was a small wait while we were, but they were offering coffee and pound cake in the lobby. The manager and our server were very personable and the service was great. The fresh squeeze orange juice is the best I've ever had.
5	THE best diner breakfasts in the area. Love the biscuits and the corn beef hash was real corn beef! Great flavor and I love their hash browns -fantastic.  My daughter is vegan and had fresh spinach with onions and mushrooms over the hash browns.  Challah french toast with fresh berries and cream. Loved the desserts but too full to try - will bring home cookies next time! Or coconut cake :)
3	Went here based of my parents' recommendations. At 12:30 on a Sunday, it was busy and they were running a 10-15 minute wait which really turned into 20-25 or so. We were seated in the side room which didn't have the vibe the rest of the diner had. It had old chairs and an ugly brown wall. We ordered food immediately after being seated. I got a burger, my mom a salad, and my dad breakfast. Food came out fairly quickly, and here's where it all fell apart for me. My burger was downright mediocre. The cheese tasted (and looked) so processed and it killed the whole burger. The patty was nothing special. The fries were average. Mom and dad reported liking theirs, so maybe I just picked a bad item on the menu (although a diner should not mess burgers up).Service was good. The waitresses called everybody honey just like you'd expect in the South. Nothing else was notable about lunch. I would give this place 2 stars, but I'll add the third for 2/3 of our meals being good.
4	Everything was really good and it all tasted fresh. Even the strawberries on my pancakes were crisp and juicy. They were big portions and tasted good.
2	We were not impressed with Stacks on this visit. The food was cold and just average. The toast and hash browns were both cold on our plates. The only thing hot on our plates were the omelet and country fried steak, and the only reason it was hot was because the gravy on top kept the heat in. I'm not one to leave a bad review unless a restaurant deserves it, and on this visit to Stacks, they deserve two stars. We will continue to look for a good Sunday breakfast spot and when we do, I hope it's a great experience!
4	Such a great family/friend spot.  I always eat breakfast at brunch, but they have tons of great options.  The food is always hot and tasty!
5	Holy cow!  Was not expecting them to blow my socks off, but they did!  Come hungry and come often!  We went at around noon on a Sunday, with a party of 5, 3 adults and 2 toddlers.  The wait quoted was 25-30 minutes, which isn't bad for a Sunday, and while we were waiting, they came around with trays of cornbread samples and also gave my kids a cookie each and offered coffee.  2of us ordered the stuffed french toast, which was fantastic!  My husband ordered the corned beef hash and eggs, and was equally impressed with the homemade hash, and that his eggs were cooked correctly.  We ordered pancakes for my 3 year old and she was able to share the 2 enormous pancakes with her brother!  The service was very good, also!  We will definitely be back soon!!
5	This place was AWESOME!! We were so hungry, and this place did not disappoint. If you like corned beef hash, they know how to make it. The portions are huge, so come hungry. I have no complaints about this place. We were even given cornbread while we were waiting. We will be here again...and again....and again!
5	French toast is amazing, both stuffed and traditional versions.  Don't get the full order unless you are beyond hungry.  Never had a bad experience and look forward to going back again soon.
4	I went here on a Monday workday around 10:45 am. I figured it wouldn't be busy but I was wrong... we had a 20 minute wait. I thought that was a good sign though and was okay with waiting! I got the orange juice and eggs benedict. The OJ is fresh squeezed and delicious though its very expensive. The eggs benedict was an excellent choice as well. Stacks has a huge menu with a lot of variety. The prices are reasonable. The only reason I gave 4 instead of 5 stars is the service. We sat at our table for 20 minutes waiting for a check. The waitress was not very attentive throughout the meal.
4	I had the stuffed pancakes, it was stuffed and big.  The coffee was good and the service quick.  I enjoyed my meal and had a great breakfast.  The place was bug and can accommodate a lot of customers.
5	Quick and to the point, I come here weekly and have for months and months...this place is fantastic with great food, huge portions, and friendly staff. Great place for breakfast or brunch. I love all the breakfast dishes but everything is great!
2	Stopped in for a late lunch/brunch. She had meatloaf, mashed potatoes, gravy and fried okra. I had corned beef hash, hash browns and eggs over easy. The "meat" loaf barely qualified as meat. It had the consistency of mush and absolutely no meat, onion or any flavor except maybe condensed milk??? Odd flavor and texture. The mashed potatoes and gravy had the same odd flavor. As I said the closest flavor may have been canned condensed milk. She didn't finish it and sent it back. The fried okra was ok.My hash browns and eggs were fine. Pretty hard to mess up! The corned beef hash looked ok, but the only thing I could taste was onion. I like onion, but it had NO corned beef flavor at all.I will say that the service was good and the did take the meatloaf off the bill. I may try them again, but .... not sure.
4	Nice atmosphere for a morning breakfast before work as it serves family style. The service was friendly and the food yummy. I got the bacon, egg, and cheese kaiser sandwich and she got the french toast. The bread was tasty and fresh. I would definitely recommend this place.
5	great breakfast / brunch.  French toast is really really good.  Western omelet also very good ... better than others I've tried.  CLEAN.  100% restaurant inspection when we visited ..you almost never see that! Prompt attentive service, personable manager.  Even tho very busy our order did not take long.  Will definitely be back.
4	Stacks is a great place to get breakfast or brunch.  We have been there several times and plan to go back.  They have a unique menu with plenty of options to choose from.  They have delicious looking desserts too, but we haven't tried any of them.  We take all of our visiting guests here and they love it too.  The portions are quite large, sometimes we take home leftovers yummmm.  The prices are reasonable and the owners are incredibly kind and welcoming.  The waitstaff is punctual and will recommend dishes to you if you can't decide.  I love their little high top bar, they list specials on board above it which is really nice.  It gets really and I mean REALLY busy on the weekends, so you have to beat the rush of weekend crowds.  I love the skillets and the french toast.  My cousin had the eggs Benedict and  she ate the entire thing, and she is tiny.  So she definitely loved it.  It's a hidden gem in the Matthews area.
5	First time here and oh so good!  I wish we had come sooner!  My husband had the chicken pot pie which was to die for!  It was so good that I had trouble staying out of it!  Fresh, puffed pastry that was huge with a creamy chicken sauce.  Awesome!  My friend had the shrimp and grits and it was also great!  The next times we come, I am going to plan on ordering the pot pie and shrimp and grits!  I had the patty melt burger plate and it was really good but just a patty melt.  They didn't scrimp on any of the serving sizes and it was worth the wait that we had on Saturday afternoon.  Breakfast also looks yummy and is served all day long.  I just wish this place was open for dinner!
5	Must've just been very busy that day. We've been back a few times since and LOVE stacks! It is a family favorite! If only they were open for dinner too...
4	Came here a couple weeks ago for the first time so for brunch with some friends. Super busy, which I personally take as a good sign. Food was amazing and service was OK. I would recommend stacks to my friends for sure!
4	Why not 5 stars when the food is pretty good?  Well, the food at Stacks is very good and I love the bacon (and I don't often eat bacon).  I always eat my share of pancakes and will certainly drink my share of coffee.  I am granting 4 stars because the food is good.  I will note that the seat cushions in the booths (maybe all) are in dire need of an upgrade.  They are well worn.  In addition, when someone sits in the neighboring booth (behind you), you feel every movement.  This became aggravating during my recent visit.  I switched sides with my daughter only to have someone come in 5 minutes later and sit behind me.  I would love it if they would small plate breakfasts on the weekends like they do during the week.  I really can't--and don't want to--eat all the food they bring.  And I hope they learn to keep the biscuits fresh even if it is one hour before closing.
5	Been here no less than 30 times.  Good food, friendly service, good prices. It gets a bit busy on the weekends, like most good breakfast places in the area. But we always feel it's worth the wait.
4	Great food. Big portions. Decent prices. Really busy, about a 20 minute wait. Coffee was really good. Waitress had an attitude though, bad service.
4	Breakfast?!?  Yes, Please!  I'm glad Matthews has a place like Stacks, serving up breakfast and lunch items.  Any place that hails, "BREAKFAST ANYTIME" on their menu is going to be an instant winner for me.Located in a pretty un-assuming strip mall at the corner of Monroe and HWY 51, the Stacks Matthews location can definitely get busy.  There is usually a wait for a table, but it is indeed worth it and a great sign that they are serving so many people and the food speaks for itself.This place is always super clean the the staff - although running around, are super super nice.  I love the banter between the staff and the regulars.  They will always find time for you even though the place is slammed.Props to a place that does fresh squeezed orange juice.  It is done by a machine, but you can watch the process up-close-and-personal since the juicer is displayed as soon as you walk in.  Along with a great display case of desserts and treats.
4	This breakfast place is less than a mile from our house and we are just now getting around to going to it!!  When we walked in on a Sunday, I knew we were going to wait!  It seemed really crowded, but we waited only about 10 minutes.  The server and hostess were so friendly and walked around offering little bites for people to munch on while we were waiting.  We also wandered over to the homemade dessert case, which looked amazing!!  We tried a few of the things on the menu.  I had the Popeye skillet and let me tell you, the portions are HUGE!  I was absolutely stunned that a breakfast that cost 7.25 was that insanely large.  It comes served on its own little cast iron skillet with diced potatoes, topped with sauteed mushrooms, sauteed spinach, and topped with scrambled eggs with cheese!  I am a huge fan of breakfast joints, and this local eatery did NOT disappoint!  We will definetly be back here and sometime in the not so distant future.  #allthebreakfastfood
4	Did a search on Yelp since I wanted something other than IHOP and Cracker Barrel.One thing prevented me from giving it 5 stars.  We we sat in the dining room connected to the bathrooms, 2 booths from their doors closest to the bakery.  I could smell the bathroom/s from our booth.  I don't know about you but that's the last thing I want to smell while eating.  I recommend a stronger exhaust fan in both!!!!!With that being said, the food was great and so was the service.  Unbeknownst to me, a little gem in my neighborhood!  Prices are reasonable too!  By the time we finished it was hopping busy!
5	Breakfast anytime.  Sometimes a wait but usually not more than 15 minutes.  Price specials before 11am.  The only thing missing is a bar (e.g. a Bloody Mary or Mimosa with brunch would be a nice option).  Sidenote: There is a Tattoo Parlor next door in Matthews and for whatever reason they decided to have a DJ and loud Top 40 playing.  Hope it was a one-time thing.  I love music, but what they were playing was downright obnoxious.  Don't mean for this part of my comment to reflect on Stacks - you cannot choose your neighbors - but the landlord should step in and fix it.
2	One visit was enough for me.  Service was a bit slow although friendly.  breakfast was not good..had an old oil taste.
5	We came here twice it was so good. And if in town we'll be sure to come back!!!Eggs are cooked to order. Coffee is delish and hot and plentiful. The staff is friendly, caring and curteous....even when busy!You will not be disappointed!!!
4	Had Stacks for breakfast the other day for the third time and I must say they are always consistent. The bacon and eggs with hash browns and whole wheat toast was what I ordered this time and it was very good! The eggs were done exactly the way I wanted them, the bacon was nice and thick, and the hash browns were seasoned perfectly, it all tasted very fresh and the price was fantastic! I will be back to try something else soon.
5	Hands down the best breakfast spot in the metro.  Stuffed French Toast is probably the best thing I have eaten for breakfast in my life.  Great Job all the way around...must try!
3	It was an OK breakfast, eggs over easy were a bit over cooked and the corned beef hash really wasn't.  Chopped up corned beef, void of seasoning and potato does not a hash make.  Just the same the food was hot, fresh and service was great.  I'm a frequent visitor to the Charlotte area and will visit an alternative breakfast place; Stacks didn't stack up for a return visit.
5	Great breakfast - great service.  Crowded on weekend mornings but worth the wait.I've been here twice so far and been happy with my breakfast.
