4	I'm not sure of the address, but it's right next to Taco Bell on 83rd and Peoria, across from what used to be the old Wal Mart.  This place has been an abandoned Mexican restaurant for the past 4 years, and we just recently noticed signs of life in the form of scrubbing off the graffiti and replacing the awnings.  Last weekend, the boards finally came off the windows and a sign went up to unveil... a Chinese restaurant!  While the name reminds me of something that is decidedly not food, the food inside is pretty solid.  I went there for take out, ordered their version of General Tsos, and got enough food to fill me up for both lunch and dinner that day, and they even threw in a free eggroll! (Might just have been a grand opening special though.)  The chicken was quality (not always the case at Chinese restaurants) and the sauce was good, but not that hot. My only complaint was that they had the weak mustard for the eggroll - I like the stuff that clears out your sinuses.  Maybe if you eat there you get the good stuff.I wouldn't drive all the way across town for it, but I'm happy they are so close to my house... finally a much better option than Panda!
4	Pretty dang good food, 'specially for the area.  I work down the street and after several co-workers told me how good it was I went for a look see.  If you are eating in there isn't much to get excited about besides the plasma TV on the back wall with ESPN news constantly running with no volume.  There is also no music or other background music, to me it felt a little weird, like I was eating at the library.  The food is very tasty.  Their chicken is all white meat which is very rare for an Asian food establishment, especially when they aren't charging extra for it. The spiciness can be adjusted to taste, from warm to sweat pouring into my eyes hot. Lunch specials are filling with rice, entree, egg roll, and crab puff.  Dinner portions are sized up and again, very filling. Several vegetarian and health aware items on the menu. They deliver to a pretty large area, and staff are friendly.  If you work or live in the area, support them as it would be a shame to see them go out of business.
5	Food is great.  Portions are modest and flavor is spot on.  Take out and dine both offer great experiences.  I will agree that the dining in experience is a little quiet, no music no TV's.  This part though I have decided I like.  The staff are very, very friendly.  This resteraunt has become my chinese resteraunt of choice over Changs.  Food is equal if not better, Wait Staff is Friendlier, Price point is unbeatable.  This location will only get better as it ages.
5	Don't judge a book by its cover - the outside looks like any other hole in the wall, low-quality, crap place.  The inside is so much different - very cozy and the staff is super nice!I got the spicy orange chicken lunch combo which came with an egg roll, crab puff, and fried rice, all for just $4.50!  I'm not a huge fan of lots of breading on my meat so I was thrilled that there is a pretty minimal amount of breading on this dish.  My husband ordered the kung pao chicken which came with the same sides.  This was also very tasty and we were both amazed at how fresh and crisp the vegetables were, almost like they add them near the end of the cooking process.Overall, best Chinese takeout I've ever had and they delivery too!
4	Plenty of food for the price! I went for dinner tonight after reading other good reviews. The place was clean and the service was fast and friendly. English was good too.For my appetizer I ordered the crab puffs. They were really good. Lots of filling and flavor! One of my favorites there for sure. I got six of them for less than three dollars!I had the dinner combination #7 which included a choice of one entree and came with fried rice, one egg roll, sweet and sour chicken, and choice of soup. I had the egg drop soup. My dinner came to me in a timely manner and was just what I ordered. I chose the spicy orange chicken for my entree. The orange chicken was just spicy enough, but not too hot to eat. It had a thin breading on it which I really liked. The sweet and sour chicken had a thicker breading which I wasn't too fond of, but tasted good anyway. Next time I'll just get the orange chicken dinner. The fried rice was a brown rice if I'm not mistaken and was kinda plain, without any vegetables or egg so I spiced it up with some soy. The egg roll was a little over done on the outside and full of flavor on the inside.There are not very many Chinese restaurants to choose between in my area of the valley and most of them are too expensive and lack good flavor. I'll be going back Wong's Jr again many more times in the future for sure! Another favorite would be China Grill. ;)
5	Shitty location, hard to find. Rough being right down the road from big heng but they make it workA+ food every dish I have had was very good. Polite waiters and clean inside. My only complaint is that the water and tea is really really gross. Im not sure why. Overall I love it though
3	Nice place, clean, friendly greeting.Lunch specials were good. Pretty standard stuff. Egg soup was a bit boring, but I'm not a fan of egg soup. Crab puff and eggroll and fried rice were the sides and all were good. Main courses were large enough that we both had more than we could finish.Good selection of dishes and they serve beer too.
5	I really enjoy ordering in from this place the people are always friendly. I am in and out of the hospital a lot and everytime I order from these people they always ask how I am doing. They remember if I was sick the last time they saw me and they just seem to care. They even know me & my mom and always ask about her health as well. Not only is the service wonderful the food is really good too and made to order just how I like it minus or plus things I do and do not like. They are always adding those little extra touches I ask for that most places charge you extra for. I really recommend this place.
5	This place is literally the only place my boyfriend and I order from for Chinese food.We probably get delivery from Wongs once a week, and the delivery guy remembers us every time!  There was a weekend we didn't order because we were out of town.  The next weekend when we did order, the delivery guy said, "we didn't hear from you guys last weekend!"  Haha!  They're always really fast; 20 minutes from the time we call to the time they're at the door is average.  Always!The food here is amazing.  I would figure that their prices should be way more considering the AMOUNT of food you get.  We always have leftovers (and everyone knows leftover chinese is even better the next day.)  I'm also a very picky eater and they've never given me grief when I've asked for substitutions, nor have they ever messed up an order.  Plus, they'll give you complimentary egg rolls!As far as the restaurant itself goes?  It's ghetto looking on the outside!  Last time we drove by there was graffiti on it I believe.  They're slowly but surely making it look more maintained (working neon signs, signs in their windows, etc.) but, whew.  Don't let that hold you back.  You step inside and it's got a flat screen TV usually with some sports event on.  Many tables/booths.  They also sell home made jewlery in the restaurant which is different.  Very clean and maintained.  Professional and friendly staff.  They also serve alcohol in the restaurant!So, yes...love Wongs.
4	I ordered take out from Wong's Jr last night for the first time and was surprizingly pleased.  You see, I'm a recent transplant from NY and I'm a bit of a sceptic when it comes to food out here.  I had gotten home late, wasn't thrilled with anything in the house, and didn't feel like going out again, so I decided on take-out.  I had been getting take out menus left on my door for months, so I decided to give it a shot.  They have a very large delivery area.  When I called, as soon as I told them it would be for delivery, they warned me that it may be an hour or so before it got to me.  That actually fit in well to my plans so I still went for it.  I ordered Mongolian Beef, Chicken and Broccoli and Sweet and Sour Chicken.  Everything was absolutely dee-lish!  He even threw in 2 eggrolls!  They gave me plenty of sauces and fortune cookies (sometimes they're a little skimpy on these).  The portions were overflowing from the containers.  Plenty of food for the price.  And... the delivery came in only 45 minutes. The man making the delivery found my apartment with no problems and was very pleasant and very appreciative of my tip.  Will most definately order again!
4	This place is my favorite Chinese food place within about 5 miles.The staff is friendly though the best English-speakers in the place are a still a little hard to understand.The prices, speed and portions are about average and the food is very good.I actually like the location and styling of the building.  Its right next to a taco bell and looks like it might have used to be a KFC or something.  The building looks better inside and out than almost all Chinese food restaurants nearby.
5	I'm originally from New York, and spend my summers in Vegas.  Needless to say this has made me very picky when it comes to Asian cuisine.  This is easily the best inexpensive Chinese food I have ever had.  I normally get the same thing, but I have branched out here and there and have never been disappointed.  It's very unassuming and unfortunately not visible from Grand, so I am worried about it's survival.  That's why I decided to write my very first review singing it's praises.The waitstaff is friendly and attentive, and as I've said the food is fantastic.Almost everytime I go in I get the House Chicken lunch special and an order of potstickers.  Both are incredible and I highly recommend them.  Please try this place out as soon as possible, you won't be disappointed!
2	meh. it's alright...I ordered and had it delivered. We ordered two entrees and the second entree didn't come with rice (when it's suppose to). I'm willing to give it a second shot, but I've had better Chinese food.
3	This place is kind of hidden and very quiet, but from the reviews it seems like they've got quite a few patrons! I thought the food was just okay... I've eaten here twice and I admit that the prices are excellent but unfortunately it's not enough to keep me coming back. Staff was pretty friendly, so I thought that was a plus.
1	As I promised myself, I'd go back again to try it again. Yyyeeaahhhh...sooooo....the food is still not good. I got the mongolian beef and it's like "wha? really? is this IRL?" I'm a chinese food kind of a fan, this restaurant, I'm not a fan of.
4	Great house fried rice and best egg rolls in the valley. People are real friendly. Low prices.
3	This restaurant is near my work on the westside.  I stopped in for lunch and was pleased with the prices, portions, and selection on the menu.  I had the Chicken Lo Mein combo which had good flavor and the noodles were cooked well.  Wasn't a huge fan of their fried rice or egg rolls though as both were a tad dry.  I'll try them out again though as I'm always looking for lunch options.
4	My fiance and I have gotten take out at least 3 or 4 times from this place so far. The food is great and the staff is so friendly. They always give me a few egg rolls free too, which is really nice. The vegetables and meat are always fresh. The fried rice is great. They are also fast! I usually call ahead and can get my food within 10-15 minutes. The combo deals are inexpensive and you get a lot of food.As for some of the negative reviews, I don't know what you are talking about! Besides, if you have a problem dealing with someone's accent maybe you shouldn't order Chinese food. :) Just a thought.
5	Don't judge a book by its cover - the outside looks like any other hole in the wall, low-quality, crap place.  The inside is so much different - very cozy and the staff is super nice!I got the spicy orange chicken lunch combo which came with an egg roll, crab puff, and fried rice, all for just $4.50!  I'm not a huge fan of lots of breading on my meat so I was thrilled that there is a pretty minimal amount of breading on this dish.  My husband ordered the kung pao chicken which came with the same sides.  This was also very tasty and we were both amazed at how fresh and crisp the vegetables were, almost like they add them near the end of the cooking process.Overall, best Chinese takeout I've ever had and they delivery too!
4	My wife and I have ordered take out from Wongs 3 times and each time it's been really good.  I've definitely had better Chinese food but this place always satisfies my chinese craving.We order the same thing every time.  Egg RollsCrab PuffsVegetable LoMeinGeneral Tso's ChickenThe Egg Rolls are my least favorite.  But they are still good...the outer layer is too thick for me.  The inside is good though.  Good flavor.Crab puffs are really good.  There's nothing amazing about them but there isn't much to crab puffs so they are what they are.  They're crispy and well cooked.Vegetable LoMein is awesome.  The noodles are always perfectly cooked and the flavors are great.  The vegetables always seem fresh and taste good.  General Tso's is a good flavor.  The chicken is lightly breaded and cooked well.  The only thing I would add is a little spice.  It's very mild.  It's not the best chinese but it's the best I've found in this area.  Give it a try.
4	Good food and good service. One of my favorite Chinese food places
5	Great lunch specials! Had the sweet/sour shrimp and my guest tried the sweet/sour pork.  Each came with fried rice, choice of egg drop or hot/sour soup (he got egg drop, I tried the hot/sour, which was fabulous) and a crab puff.  We also ordered appetizers of crab puffs and potstickers.  The crab puffs were really cheesy, but with extra sweet/sour, who cares?!  The potstickers came with a wonderful soy-ish sauce that my guest added to his fried rice.  The overall meal was delicious!  We will be back!!
5	Good, clean, neighborhood Chinese restaurant. Food is always cooked well, service is great and the place always looks very clean. I find the food better than big heng and Bo Bo china which are also by my house.
5	They have the same selections as all the other chinese places...except they all taste better! We have been going here for the last two years and they are consistently awesome! Great food and they always end up giving us free eggrolls with our order. FREE EGGROLLS! I love this place.
5	Moo Goo Gai Pan and three Tsingtao beers! - What could be better!  On several occasions, right after my 12-hour work shifts, I felt like having some Asian food nights! This was the place to be! The service has been fast and efficient! The plentiful amount of food has constantly filled my rather large stomach. The best part of the evening was that I was also able to top it off with some nice tasting, imported Chinese beer (Tsingtao).On one of the occasions I even met Mr. Wong, Jr. himself! (at least I think I spoke with him!) All in all, the last three times I've been to the establishment, the service has been great, the food tasted quite good and I had a great time! The restaurant also has a booming "To-Go" business. The clientele were constantly contacting the restaurant staff, ordering their food, and in a few short minutes, were running in and picking up the waiting delicacies. I enjoyed my visits.  I'll be back!
5	I LOVE this place! I've ordered takeout a few times since moving here from alifornia, and the food is terrific! Love the sweet n sour pork, Lemon chicken and just about everything we've ordered... and when visiting the restaurant, I found it very clean, the employees cheerful and the beer terrific...lol
1	I really hate to do this, but I just can't say anything good about Wong's Jr.  I ordered Take Out last weekend from here, and I was really hoping this place would be good.  Sad to say, it wasn't.  We had 'Spicy' Orange Chicken, Shrimp Chowmein, and Egg Rolls.  The Chicken wasn't spicy at all.  Whatever kick was in it must have been forgotten to be added.  As for the Chowmein, it was terrible.  Sprouts and celery sitr-fried with a bag of canned crispy noodles.  The Egg Rolls were 'meh' at best, and the rice....well, it was just white rice.  I am not really sure what's going on here, but it appears that people either love this place or hate it.  For those who love it, I wonder if you have ever had really good Chinese before.
3	Hit or miss but I keep coming back - maybe it is the price or the convenience - not sure.  Either way - if you want affordable chinese with generous portion sizes - this place is for you.,
1	I have been eating here since the week it opened. It is going down in quality. Y last and i mean last order was bitter because the grease was not fresh on fried food. It was delivery but manager made me drive back, and than told me two of the plates were eaten out of, maybe a third, so he only refunded one. We ordered three. For a known and faithful customer i was treated like arbage, and that is how my LAST meal there tasted as well. I still have the nasty after taste in my mouth. Yes, iam upset, but this used to be my favorite place for chinese food, and when it goes fromfavorite to returning food, something is wrong.
4	I celebrate pretty much all special occasions with Chinese food. It's delicious, usually cheap, and there are endless menu options to choose from (although, let's face it, I'll judge you by the quality of your lo mein). So when I first moved to Phoenix, I immediately began a search for delicious Chinese food somewhere near my house. Believe it or not, it took more than a YEAR to find a place that was't truly awful.Wong's Jr is a delicious island floating in a desolate sea (desert?) of terrible Chinese food. I tried Chinese places up and down the length of Bell Road, all the way down to Glendale and up to Happy Valley. It took a long time and a lot of heartbreak, but Yelp finally led us to wonderful Wong's Jr - truly, it was love at first taste. The service here is always super friendly, professional, and fast. Their dinner specials are fabulous -  they come with rice, an egg roll, a crab puff, and either sweet and sour chicken or what they call BBQ chicken (it's no bbq I recognize, but it's definitely delicious!). The ton of food they give you is always piping hot, and the quality never varies. Sometimes they'll even throw in free egg rolls, if you order a lot.  I have a hard time straying from the lo mein, and Andy F adores the sesame chicken, but everything else we tried was just as good. This place is a real gem, and one I recommend to everyone disappointed in Phoenix's Chinese food offerings. Wong's Jr, we miss you already!
1	Horrible, just horrible food.this *IS* the worst chinese cusine I have ever eaten. I ordered cashew chicken, steamed rice, and pot stickers. pot stickers are nothing but ginger, over cooked. the cashew chicken is sitting in water as it's sauce, and there is zero flavor. i am not even sure if this is chicken or turkey slices (not pieces). Glad I didnt take the wife, she would have thrown me into the dog house. I will stick with the chinese place at 75th and thunderbird.
1	This was the worst Chinese food my husband and I have ever had. We couldn't even finish it.
5	I am so upset with myself for forgetting about this place for so long. Tonight I rediscoved the wonderful flavors of great delivery food. The staff is always friendly and accomodating to my picky needs without compliant or frustration and I appreciate that. My mouth watered from the flavorful chowmain and the crispy fried shrimp I ordered tonight. I was very happy with the food and service as always. I absolutely LOVE LOVE LOVE this place.
3	Pretty good and fast service..I would have gave it 4 stars but the location kind of sucks. There is a $15 miminum order for delivery. Good food overall, no complaints!
1	Cheap prices but nasty food.
5	Finally a good Chinese spot!!  Low Mein heaven, bbq pork yum, beef chow fun GREAT, BOMB DIGGITY sweet and sour pork, GREAT egg rolls, very good crab puffs!!  Not so good house chicken, I will not order the orange chicken from here again, they need a total rework of their recipe.  I was so impressed with the other things though that I will return again and again!!
1	Slooow delivery, which ended up being wrong. When contacted to correct the staff was rude & unapologetic. The food: orange chicken was 98% bread. Low mien was bland & chewy.
4	Amazing Mongolian chicken! Delivery did take a little long but they told me there was a lot of deliveries so I went to pick it up and there was about 10 delivers waiting to be picked up! But other than that very friendly, if you have a problem on the phone ask to talk to Wendy or Raymond their the owners.I also found out that they are not related to any other "WONG'S" restaurants in the valley. Over all good food but next time ill go in to get my food.
2	It's a bit dated but the food pretty good not real salty like most Chinese food but you do okay
4	Love a good quick lunch something other than panda.. Food is always fresh & have never had a complaint. I'm a creature of habit but I do love the hot & sour soup & the spicy Kung pao chicken & shrimp. Priced very well for lunch. Do not prefer the dinner pricing however, delivery is always quick & good & am able to relax..
5	Still lovin the lo mein and sweet and sour pork!! EGG ROLL HEAVEN with the mustard!!!
1	Very disappointed,  ! Wongs Chicken tasted like it was a week old.  Egg fu young had no flavor.  The hot and sour soup was barely OK.
5	Awesome food, great service, good value, great selection, and super fast delivery (granted I live less than two miles away). Nothing to complain about.
2	I am not a fan of Chinese food in general, but this place is just not very good. My wife, who loves Chinese food herself agreed that my Teriyaki Chicken was not made properly. It was tasteless and such a waste of food as I threw away more than half of it. They do give you large portions here, but the food is not good enough for that to matter. I wouldn't recommend this place and don't think I will order from here again.
5	Awesome food! Their walnut shrimp is addicting. They are always fast, courteous, and my food is always super fresh. The staff is awesome, always really kind.
1	Too bad the food is good because we will never go again. They are rude, mean and horrible. The guy who was there was terrible to his employee in front of us and my brother had to say something. We will never eat there again because of his horrible attitude. He was more concerned about the people on the phone then with our order. People who ordered the food after us got their food first! Wth?!
4	I LOVE this place!! The food is always so tasty and the people are pretty nice too. We r always in and out & that's a plus w/ us, b/c we t always STARVING when we go. We visit often. :)
4	Love this place . We have been there 5 or 6 times now I try something different each time ..everything has been great It is all fresh, fast and hot  AND BEER TO
1	We ordered take out. They were here within a timely manner. My egg rolls were ok...just tasted old.   The sweet and sour sauce was the worst. I LOVE chinese and love sweet and sour sauce. First off, it smelled like sweet and sour sauce mixed with puke. I'm not kidding. I wouldnt say that to be mean, it is LITERALLY what it smelled like. We liked the crab puffs...just didnt have anything GOOD to dip them in. We both ordered teriyaki combo plates, and pork fried rice as well. Rice was ok...not much flavor. Hub never even got to his teriyaki last night....bad thing is, I did. I had probably about 5 bites before I put it in the fridge for tomorrow. It was the only thing I ate that hub didnt. I was up ALL NIGHT long in the bathroom. Sick as a dog. The teriyaki meals are still in my fridge and I plan to call about it.  ( JUST CALLED THE PLACE) spoke with the manager. I asked for a refund on just my two meals that wouldve totalled less that $15.  My order including tip- I even tipped 8 dollars!- was $38.   I've lived in peoria all 28 years of my life, and order from this place quite frequently. I have never asked for a refund or complained before. Usually they are our GO TO for chinese take out.  Guy said no, beccause people can eat, get full,and then call for refund.    ONe of my meals had like 5 bites taken out of it (that's what got me sick) and hub didnt even touch his yet, he put it in the fridge and was saving it for today......SO I OFFERED to take the food back to them.  He said no again. I asked for higher up and than him and he said there was no higher....just the owner. I asked for the owner's info or to give him my info for contact and he refused!  He said the owner would think it was silly and would laugh at him for not being able to handle it.   I said, ok, then why isnt this handled?   He again refused to take my info and then hung up on me.   I told him I write reviews and would post to the BBB- I wanted to speak with the owner. Im not some cheapy trying to get my money back.  I have a house, two vehicles, and a small business. $15 isnt anything but principal at this point. Your food made someone sick.  I didnt ask for a full refund and I tipped MORE than what is adequate.  I WAS a good customer and now they have lost our business.            Today is mother's day. Last night we ordered take out cause my inlaws just took the kids for the night. It was my relax night....and I ended up in the bathroom all night long- and feeling like crap this morning.     My review and issue is on to the BBB next, and any place else I can post about it.    It's just not right!
5	I was looking for a Chinese place in the area for lunch. Found this on Yelp & decided to give it a try. I ordered the walnut shrimp and it was fast and delicious.
5	I LOVE this place! First time eating it. Fresh and delicious.  Restaurant is very clean and employees are very friendly.I would eat here again
3	I've been going here since they first opened. The food is ok for the price, but it seems like over time some of the quality went down (only on certain items). I used to eat here 2-3 times a week but I started to cut back after I got a bit burnt out (it's pretty cheap and it takes like 10 mins to be done and I'm home in 3). When I started eating there again (a few months later) I noticed that every 2-3 times I've ordered from there I get sick. I still order from here, but on a much less frequent basis, such as once or twice a month. I just know that there's a chance of getting sick, so I don't eat there as often.
3	Pretty decent Chinese fast-food. Ordered delivery, got Kung Pao chicken and Szechuan pork with veggie fried rice and egg roll/crab puffs. Asked for the Kung Pao extra spicy, but it tasted pretty bland. The Szechuan pork was really good though, and what really surprised me was how fresh and crunchy the vegetables were. Too many Chinese places have sad little wilty, rubber veggies, but theirs were very fresh and flavorful. Delivery was very prompt, quicker than they said it'd be even.Give it a try next time you're feeling hungry and lazy and want to get some delivery/takeaway. I dunno if I'd consider the food worth going to sit down and eat there, there's probably better places for that.
1	They were very fast and friendly. But I can't get past how awful their food was. Their food was over cooked and had no flavor. The rice was dry and some of it was even crunchy, the chicken had two different colors (some was a dull white & other pieces looked like beef). Their egg rolls were disgusting. Definitely will not be ordering from them again.
1	Really bad Chinese food. I ordered egg rolls, kung pao chicken and shrimp chow fun Everything was really bland, not even lots of soy sauce made it better. Nothing tasted bad, it just didn't have any flavor. The noodles were greasy, and had a weird texture. The filling on the egg rolls did as well. The delivery was prompt, and the delivery driver was polite, but the food was so bad, I wouldn't order from Wong Jr's again.
1	I don't know if they read their reviews or not but they should. This was shockingly bad. The teriyaki chicken literally had no sauce.. never seen anything like it.  The house chicken is aptly named because it tasted like drywall.  Zero flavor.  I have no idea how this place is in business.
1	Won't be going here anymore. They got my order wrong and I came back to return it (exchange for my right order since I paid). The manager ephasized I could NEVER do it again and their system logs our information and phone numbers so, if we were to call we wouldn't be allowed a return or exchange. He was rude, said it numerous times over and over how he can't deal with people returning or exchanging the food cause it gets thrown out. Sorry, but I just wanted my CORRECT order and to go home after a long day of work. Talk about crappy  customer service. I normally don't feel the need to write a review as it is my first one, but I'm heavily disappointed since it's a local restaurant.
1	This place is horrible. Our fried rice was burnt. Egg rolls were soggy and undercooked. The chicken was slimy. This place is disgusting.  We have ordered twice and both times it was the same way. Do not waste your money on bad Chinese food.
1	This place was not good at all. The food was cold and stale. The fried rice was burnt, not sure how that is possible, but it was. The crab puffs and soup was actually very good. I was very disappointed and had to ask for money back.
5	Omgosh this place is so so good. The food is delicious! And the staff is so friendly and they honestly appreciate their customers. I've been coming here for the past year, and I've never had a bad experience. Definitely try the spicy orange chicken especially for lunch, they have awesome lunch and dinner specials.
1	Horrible service. Have eaten there before and food was fine, not stellar. This time I ordered food to go for our fun and non traditional Christmas dinner. I had a issue with my debit card. They didn't accept other forms of payment that I had available, totally understandable. I asked if they could accept a family member debit card over the phone, and start the order while I ran home to get the new card and family member (so they could see it was really a valid card that we legally possessed).  They refused the over the phone card and refused to start the order until I returned with the actual card. I was so annoyed I just walked out.  If I had called from home first, they would have accepted payment that way and started the order. The logic behind making me wait longer when my travel time there and back  baffles me. There would have been plenty of time for the food to be cooked so  I could have just popped in and out without taking up space in their waiting area. And I wouldn't have had to waste any more of my own time.
1	Twice Cooked Crispy Pork was not crispy or good. Just some soggy breaded pork slathered in too much sauce. Chicken with garlic sauce was bland. Fried rice was just steamed rice covered in soy sauce.
5	We went there again tonight ....as usual EVERYTHING was great . We each had a dinner combo + side I should have just stuck with the side as the portions were huge...I should have know better as we eat there at least twice a month One of the reasons is besides great  food they don't mind substitutions as we don't eat any seafood or peanuts ...no problem
