5	Ok, so after a round of shopping with my mom, we were STARVING.  Back when I lived in Scottsdale, there used to be a deli in this place, but since I moved down to Tempe, I didnt know that this place had changed hands.  Its located right off Northsight, next to Golds Gym, and a salon.The place is warmly decorated.  wood decor, with warm red colors.  Very relaxing and refreshing to walk into.The menu here is somewhat simple.  Part breakfast, part lunch, with a few options to those who are hungry.  I got the omlette, with tomatos, cheese and onions.  When it the food came out, it was so tasty!!  My mom had the crepes, and said it was the best crepes she has had in some time.   Best breakfast that I have had in some time.  Plus, our server was wonderful!!!  I would love to eat here more often, as I think it was worth the gas and time.So far so good, as I would take my parents back here to eat, or friends, dates of whatnot.  Great clean place with great service.
4	I saw Amy B's review the other day, and decided to check out the Breakfast Joynt, as it is pretty close to where I work. The decor is a little unusual for a breakfast and lunch place- normally these places are, shall we say, kitchen-y and perky- but here, it's a little more like a friendly pub with all the cherry wood, but decorated with paintings rather than roadside kitsch. I ordered the traditional breakfast. My over-easy eggs were a little raw, but the hash-browns were crispy, just as I had ordered them, and flavorful, with a hint of onion. The bacon was thick and delicious, and the pancakes were yummy in spite of a somewhat chewy texture. The coffee was fine, and I appreciated the giant glasses of water. The owners and staff were all very friendly, and when I asked one of them about what was in the pancake batter, she said she would have the chef come to my table. He was a great guy, and admitted that he was disappointed with the texture of the pancakes himself of late, and planned to adjust the recipe. I'm sure I'll be back to try other items on the menu. It's not the Good Egg where you have an overwhelming 4 page menu, but everything on the Breakfast Joynt's menu is a breakfast or lunch classic. They have healthy options as well, such as fruit and yogurt and items made with only egg-whites. Then again, they also have a Monte Cristo and chicken fried steak. Good thing Gold's Gym is right next door...
5	My friend Dr. Bruce wanted to meet up for lunch. He suggested the Breakfast Joynt. I politely asked him what he was talking about and where this place was. to my surprise it was 2 minutes from my office. Excellent location for me and was excited to try a new venue. Upon entering the place is well decorated and clean. we sat the bar and watched ESPN and shot the breeze with the owner and staff. Coming from the Midwest, Chicago to be exact they understand Midwestern hospitality and understand food portions. I was extremely satisfied with my grilled chicken and steam broccoli with noodles and garlic for 7.95. I like to eat big portions. I can say I was full when I exited the restaurant and my pocket book thanked me as well. For a healthy lunch or breakfast this is my new go to joynt. No pun intended. Well priced, great location (for me) and simple. If anyone ever wants to meet for lunch here count me in!
5	Eggs are eggs, omeletes are omeletes until you try them at Breakfast Joynt.  Their secret...oven toasted after grilled to perfection.  The servers are friendly and accomodating. Coffee refills without having to ask. Start your day off right...An egg is not an egg at The Breakfast Joynt. ENJOY...
4	My favorite meal of the day is breakfast so I have a biased opinion whenever I go to one of these places.  Solid 4 stars.  Wide open place, seating is uncommonly spread apart.  Decor is cool and inviting.  Service was eh.....ok.  We got there noon on a Friday, place was not full so expected more.3 Kids were in tow (wifey was at work) and they ordered from the lunch menu.  Burger looked good and got the approval from the kids.  We also ordered the mac and cheese with "fresh" fruit - we will not be ordering this again (I hate it when places make Kraft Mac and Cheese).  The fruit was not fresh.  It was in some liquid, Madi tried it and gagged.My meal was the "Basic" Breakfast.  2 eggs cooked to order, hash browns, ham off the bone and 2 buttermilk pancakes.  Everything I had was good.  The ham was great quality and the pancakes were very fluffy.  Some room for improvements - Breakfast is a simple meal, so the condiments like syrup and butter make a difference.  Need real Maple Syrup and butter should be served - Not from a foil container.They also have a lunch menu and the Monicristo sandwich looks interesting, will be ordering it on my next visit.
5	5 stars for the category! Breakfast Joynt, you had me at sausage gravy.  Lovingly made top quality ingredients sausage gravy.  Fluffy and righteous biscuits.  Done just right bacon...slightly crispy, not a second overdone.  Wholesome pancakes with just the right proportion of flavors of milk, flour, eggs.  Eggs!  Fluffy scrambled eggs again done just right!  Ham!  I will eat it at the Joynt. I will get right to the point!  It is carved off the bone I am eating some now hold the phone.But wait there's more!  Breaded pork cutlet sandwiches!  Thin, crispy on the outside moist and tender inside.  Turkey club sandwich piled high, fresh and delicious!  French fries perfectly cooked and lightly salted.  The topper?  Baked apple pancakes.  These are very close to apple pie.  There were people at my table actually grabbing the remaining pieces of this by the handful and scarfing (you know who you are).How did I try so many dishes?  Big table and an event with family-style servings.  Wonderful time.Even the brewed house coffee was first rate!
5	Great food, great service, extremely nice people and incredible service.
5	I almost gave this place just 4 stars.  I had to think long and hard if I would want to go to this place for breakfast as equally as I would want to go to Matt's.  I do!!!  I was really excited to try this place for a regular meal after the OYE here.  Everything was so delicious then and I could only wait with bated breath to finally try the biscuits and gravy that I heard are completely homemade.I'm always nervous about places that tell you to seat yourself because I have been overlooked so many times.  Not this time though.  Within 30 seconds of sitting down, we were greeted by a server and he took our drink order.  Already knowing that the OJ here is fresh squeezed and delicious, we ordered that.  It's a decent sized glass so I feel like the value is good.  The husband and I both ordered the same thing, biscuits and gravy.  It came with hashbrowns and 2 eggs any way you want it.  We got scrambled and I ordered a side of bacon.  I cannot resist good bacon.  The biscuits and gravy was amazing.  The gravy was smooth and delicious.  It didn't get a nasty skin or congeal-y or anything like that.  There were lots of chunks of sausage in it and the biscuits were super fluffy and tasty.  This is heaven.  A perfect amount of gravy for two perfectly sized biscuits.  The hashbrowns could use some seasoning, but the gravy mixed with them was divine.  The eggs were eggs.I love this place.  I will certainly be back even though it is rather far from my downtown Phoenix home.  Another plus... we had a complete breakfast dining experience in 25 minutes.  Wow.  Love it.
4	Good for a standard breakfast.  Nothing really special but good quality food.   Place was very nice and clean and service was good.  I liked the bar seating, this is a place you can go to eat by yourself and not feel out of place (which is a very notable quality for some of us!)
4	Okay 4 stars for the Joynt.Troy S. Summed it up best with saying it's "Good for a standard breakfast", because it really is nothing special, picture that "Grease Spoon" place that your dad always used to take you to and take out the flies, ugly staff and shady location. POOF you've got the Breakfast Joynt, everything you've ever wanted in a breakfast place without the cons. While maybe one con, let a girl do the decorating, it looks like I decorated the place for christ's sake.
3	I had very high expectations for The Breakfast Joynt because so many gave it 5 stars, which means "As good as it gets, Woohoo!" according to Yelp.  My experience didn't live up to that but I'm willing to give them another try.This location was formerly a bar that was transformed into a breakfast restaurant.  The actual bar is still there, with a flat panel TV in the middle, but surprisingly the shelves are still empty all the way up to the ceiling.  They've only been there around 6 months, so maybe this will change as they settle into the location.  It has a very clean, upscale feel to it - something not out of place in North Scottsdale.  It's also easy to find once you're off the 101 onto Raintree, and then north on Northsight... it's on the right and shares parking with Gold's Gym that is easily seen from the road.I found the eggs to be good, and recommend steering towards the omelet choices.  Being from the South, it wasn't thrilling that the biscuits were somewhat small and square shaped, almost like a little dinner roll.  They have their own style (and they've informed me that they are homemade) but I was looking for something more substantial to be smothered in sausage gravy.  The pancakes were not served hot with the other food items, and they seemed to have settled and were somewhat chewy and elastic.Menu was rather straightforward and clear with sectioned boxes, with a nice highlight of their featured stuffed apple pancake.  I thought the description of "ham that falls off the bone" was repeated far too many times.Prices were very reasonable for Scottsdale.  The fresh squeezed orange juice was excellent.  Owners are very concerned about customers with less than a stellar dining experience, so I'll be sure to give the Breakfast Joynt another try with friends and family.
5	If this place were only closer to downtown, I would be there every weekend.  The biscuits and gravy are amazing and simply the best.  The chef is awesome and the service is wonderful.  They do a great job turning over tables and the size of the place keeps it from experiencing a Matt's-like backup outside.  Kudos to you guys at Breakfast Joynt for running such a tight ship.  I'm always impressed by great service from everyone.  We'll be back, without a doubt.
5	I loved it.  I met the owner at an event in town and he boasted about his off the bone ham, "freshly baked daily" and his sausage gravy, "make it fresh every day with six pounds of sausage."  I was looking for an authentic, stick-to-your-ribs breakfast place and I found it.  The biscuits were ridiculously moist, the gravy was chunky and very flavorful, and the ham (not normally my fav) was cut with a fork tender and really, really good.  If you are looking for a real, no nonsense, old school breakfast place this is the "joynt".  I will be back.  I may have to start working out a lot more!!
4	We have now been here twice and the food is really good. It has a small family owned feel to it.  The baked apple pancake thing  and vanilka ice cream is worth it.
3	1 year later update...Staff was excellent this time! Food was still ok and really had a better experience this time around. Seems like prices went up but not sure. Owner was cool enough to email me after previous review and I always appreciate a good owner who cares enough about 1 person!So, I read the reviews on this place and thought we would give it a try. We went there on a Sunday, 1:30 pm. They were out of the "fresh squeezed" OJ and didn't seem to be willing to make more. Understandable. Next, we order coffee. Cold and tasted like it was out all day. Server seemed annoyed that we wanted hot coffee. Again, sorta understandable since they close in 1 hr. The food was pretty good. We ordered: Side of bacon-- very crispy and delish Belgian Waffle- good, but it came very naked- when placing order we didn't specify whip cream. Server was pissed she had to take it back to kitchen. Omelet- Pretty good Biscuits and Gravy-- AMAZING! 2 eggs - Great! The omelet came with pancakes and we were scared to ask the server to bring them. Towards the end she did, but blamed the whip cream confusion on the mistake. (Whip cream situation was after all the food was brought out anyways). $35 for all this. Not shabby. I think the experience would have been better if the server was better. I have been a server before, and I treat all my servers well and I don't send them back every minute. This time we had to. She seemed experienced too. But as a server, the first thing you do is over ask questions so you don't have to run back and forth and irritate the guests. Also, up sell! "Would you like whip cream on that waffle?" Also, there was only one other table of people in there. Not busy. Will go back again soon to try it out. Maybe around noon-ish.
4	I would say 4 1/2 stars, but as you may know, I don't round up.Well, we finally made it back to The BJ (Breakfast Joynt)...right after the March Yelp event at the BJ as promised...well, pretty close to right after the March event at the BJ.Okay, it's pretty much 1  1/2 months later, and we hadn't been back "up north" at breakfast time. As those of you who have ever read (or "scanned") my "reviews" (or scribblings') have surmised, I could almost be classified as "recluse" in my Yelp Personality Profile (you all filled yours out, didn't you?). I just don't get out much!So it was with some trepidation that I emerged into the sunlight this past Sunday to run a few errands, get a workout, have a little breakfast and then have a little family time. Did I say breakfast? Why yes I did. After a workout that I can only describe as "heroic", we were back in the car and headed home. Once again, according to GPS, someplace in the northern reaches of Scottsdale was right on my way from the Camelback Corridor (or "CaCo") to my home in Old Town Scottsdale (what is finally going to work here...OSco...OTS...OTSco...OTowSco...I just don't know:).I have to get that GPS fixed...but it did take me to the BJ for breakfast. It was nice to get back!We got there and they were pretty busy, but we were seated within about 5 minutes of arriving. Our server was a little bit discombobulated...lot's going on and part of the shift had been sent home, and then they got slammed! But she was sweet and going a hundred miles an hour and since we weren't in any particular hurry, that was not a problem.I love breakfast...OK, I pretty much love all food, but I really love breakfast and the BJ doesn't disappoint (when has the BJ ever disappointed:).Let's get back to biscuits and gravy...is what I said to our server. I also had the fresh OJ...tasting like it was being squeezed into my glass directly from the orange:)...I had tasted both items at the Yelp event and they are still terrific! The BJ does a real nice job with sausage gravy (and as you know, there isn't any food that gravy can't improve:)The Beautiful Carin had an egg white vegetarian omelet that she really enjoyed, and we split a side of ham (ham is a vegetable, right?:). Even the coffee was really good! I'm not saying it's D'Lish or Pascucci good, but good, straight ahead breakfast shop coffee:)David, the owner came out and said "hi" and we said "hi", and...OK, enough verbatim conversation, but it was nice of him to say hello and tell us how much he appreciated the Yelp event and our returning on our own...nice guy!Since we were in the near reaches of the great northern desert known as NoSco, we had dessert (dessert after breakfast...nice concept:) across the border in the Republic of Sweet...The BJ and ice cream...it just doesn't get better than that:)The BJ is one of the best breakfast places in town and not nearly crowded enough...yet.So, get on up to the near far north and add gravy to your life...your cardiologist won't be happy, but you'll thank me:)
3	Wonderful service and extremely reasonable prices, but the food is just okay. I might be back when I have more time to try the apple pancake (it takes 25 minutes). The owners of this place are apparently from Chicago, so they should be pretty familiar with the famous Walker Bros. apple pancake and hopefully use the same recipe, although that doesn't mean it will be as good.
3	Sat 1020 no wait, sat straight at the bar,  Really nice interior, was about 1/2 full so it's hard to compare the noise level with Otto's , The Place and der Waffle House but it was markedly quieter than our prior weekends hell this could almost be called hangover friendly. Coffee carafe  , yay DIY refills when I need them:)If your don't like eggs breakfast in the US can be quite trying. Most menus look like a Find/ Replace job of Monty Python's spam sketch. I was gratified to see that while the egg lovers were still taken care of a good selection of sides makes for a pretty cheap breakfast without having to negotiate a substitute for eggs.Biscuits and gravy:  Nicely done, not gooey or brittle with some decent supporting gravy. Solid but still far from  some happy time I had in NW Georgia ( no really it's possible to have fun in Ga) Corned beef hash. Less greasy/ salty than other places but realistically this area seems to be a dead zone when it comes to variety regarding this.  Quick , cheap for the location and worth going back to since I work near here but would I drive 20 mile to get there?  I would on a bike but likely not  in a car ( Yep people that don't ride bikes are now confused:) )
2	Based on the pretty good breakfast I had with the wifelette on Saturday morning  I thought I would go back for lunch. Lunchtime was not that hot,literally. I ordered the country steak and gravy which comes with toast and a green bean casserole. It may seem churlish to rate such a dish because it's country steak  after all but this was the non home made mechanical-animal project for meat reclamation type of steak. Hideously uniform with the kind of bread crumb regimentation only possible with your most OCD robots. At least it was hot. The green bean casserole was reheated,depleted and defeated by the time it made my plate.Soggy potato chips were there should have been crisp texture is not an attractive item and I got to two spoonfuls prior to abandoning the deal. Microwaving seemed likely re the hot spots in the dish.The mashed potatoes were cold  but I could warm them up with the really hot country steak to get a tepid taste sensation going. Pretty disappointed. Here's why.  Why have two main ingredients that proclaim your quality, the  fresh OJ and the for real ham on-the-bone, and then phone it in with institutional canteen grade casserole, meat and potatoes?  The only saving grace on the steak was the heat and the decent sausage gravy that accompanied it. but alas  2/3 parts of the meal are re or no-heats.
2	Have heard good things about this place for months. Should have checked Yelp for latest before going and could have ducked the bullet that was chicken fried steak lunch.  John P's review said it all.  My lunch was institutional and canned tasting.  The "real" mash potato tasted like it could have been fake with a slick & sticky texture.May be breakfast would have been better.
4	Loved it.
3	8/07Brunch was a side of one biscuit and sausage gravy.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5Ip4_yFvx3sz4qMqxl-4mw?select=YLS5RPPN-YOKdeQod58wHg#YLS5RPPN-YOKdeQod58wHg  Tasty!  Next time, I'll ask for the gravy on the side, so that I may try the biscuit without it being soggy.  Will I find Joynt's biscuits to be crispy and flaky on the outside?  Hmm...  I hope!Delightful service- quick, attentive, and friendly.  Clean restroom.Can't wait till my next visit to Mayo Clinic so that I may breakfast at the Joynt!  (One might say consuming one too many a plate of biscuits and gravy could hasten one's chances of a visit to the Mayo Clinic.)
5	I got the biscuits and gravy with a side of bacon. A wise decision indeed.The bacon is some of the most delicious I have had in a long long time - cut so thick you almost needed a knife. Being from the deep south I can certify that this was legitimate authentic gravy made with the requisite amount of care. Rich, smooth, and savory - I can't say enough good things about it. Eggs and hash browns were both VERY fresh and perfectly cooked. My girlfriend had an omelet that had some of the most amazing tender and flavorful ham. Evidently the ham is made fresh in house - it really does make a big difference... the taste is exceptional.All in all a wonderful place for breakfast or brunch!
2	I saw so many top reviews for this restaurant and am a big fan of breakfast places so thought we would give it a try instead of our normal Sunday breakfast place Butterfields.  If it was not for the really nice waitress I would have given this a 1 star.  We walked in and stood at the front for about 5 minutes with no one to greet us.  One quick suggestion for Breakfast Joynt is have someone at the front greet people or put up a sign to seat yourself.  It was confusing.We each had a different breakfast and the 4 of us were disappointed.  The sausages tasted burnt.  Sunny side eggs were overcooked.  Biscuit was really soggy from the gravy.  Coffee was not good.
4	Our visit certainly didn't start off well, standing ignored in the entryway until I literally flagged down a server to ask if we seat ourselves or what. We then escorted ourselves to a corner table where we sat ignored for over five minutes, to the point of deliberating leaving. But hell, we were hungry. Damn hungry. A frazzled server finally responded to my SO's desperate arm-waving tactics. I'm still not certain why she was frazzled - the place was reasonably busy, but not even full, and there was tons of staff wandering around. One sip of the freshly juiced OJ and my SO was sold. It was delicious, fresh and velvety. The menu is basic, and the prices average. I ended up with four-cheese quiche and toast, my SO with bacon, eggs, and blueberry pancakes. The quiche was fluffy and cheesy at once, its texture a little odd but somewhat addictive. The wheat toast was light yet hearty and fatty here sucked down all of it. My SO's bacon looked quite lovely, and he concurred - delicious - and he was over the moon about the pancakes. The coffee was surprisingly good, not requiring three Splendas. tons of cream, and an ice cube to make it edible. After we pretty much licked every crumb from the table, my SO went to the bathroom to beautify. The server stopped by and said, "You two are so cute and smiley, so not Scottsdale," in a sad, wistful way. "Nope," I replied, "we're from Phoenix". Poor thing. I tipped her extra for having to deal with snotty Scottsdale pricks all the time.Downtrodden servers and questionable service aside, the food was delicious and I can bet we'll be back whenever we're back in the land of the cougars and $30K millionaires.
3	We were in Scottsdale for the week, did a search for nearby breakfast places, and decided to try it based on the reviews.Let me first preface this by saying our server was very friendly.  No complaints there, she made sure that we were always attended to and the coffees were full.   That being said, otherwise, I was not so impressed with this place.  We settled in after checking the menu, my husband decided that he'd like to order the "Almost World Famous Apple Pancakes".   He orders them, and then was told by our server that they take 30 minutes to make!?!?  Now who would be the jerk to order these among a group of ravenously hungry breakfast lovers.  Not me.  I mean, whats up with that?  30 minutes?  They sounded REALLY good though.  Our server suggested that next time we come in, we call ahead of time.  O...K..... ?  No wonder they are "ALMOST" world famous...I'm sure they "almost" get ordered by many people. Anyway, moving on....he decided to order the Apple French Toast (which curiously does NOT take 30 minutes to make) and I ordered the Bacon Belgian Waffle (bacon bits mixed into the batter topped off with some bacon crumbles).  I know, not the healthiest, but it was unique sounding and who can resist bacon?  Food arrives and it was mediocre.  Some of my bacon was burned which bummed me out...and husbands french toast had a TON of cinnamon on there.  Too much.  Heartburn city!!!Then....I notice the cook come out from the kitchen making the rounds at each table.  Asking diners, "hows is everything", "hows the omlette", "everything good?"...So now, he makes it over to our table and loudly blurts out "HOW YA DOIN LADY..(ok wait..imagine him saying this but catching himself before he said LADIES...like he ALMOST said how ya doin ladies?!?"  LADIES???? I'm with my husband?!?  Who does NOT look like a lady...I mean not int he least.   I almost choked trying to hold back the laughter.  The cook took one look at my husband and took off...he looked pretty embarrased.  Poor guy!!!  But , shoot...we laughed about it all day!!! "HOW YA DOING LADY?!"  HAHA...I think I should bump up the rating just based on the comedy factor.  Anyway, overall...meh....food average.  I would have loved to try the Apple Pancakes though!!!
4	Our family really enjoys this place. I'm a big fan of the corned beef hash and biscuits & gravy while the kids love the pancakes. My son and I love to sit at the breakfast bar when it's just us. As much as we love this restaurant, there are two things I should also mention. First, most of the wait staff are not as friendly or attentive as I would like. Second, other than the egg white omelette, there aren't great options for those of you looking to eat healthy. Bear fans - you'll love the painting of Dick Butkus.
3	Had breakfast this morning while waiting on getting my windows on my car tinted. I had the build your own omelete. I got it with chorizo bell peppers and cheddar cheese. It was pretty good and the portion size was big for the price. They had fresh squeezed orange juice too. Not the best breakfast I've had but it was good.
4	Traditional food, nice service, busy on a SundayFOODI had an amazing tuna salad on an english muffin w/ fries. Very filling and great tuna- not soggy like some places. Needed more fries though.  My husband had fluffy pancakes- had some of his and they were yummy.  But he said the eggs and the sausage needed a little help- I'm a vegetarian so I didn't ouch them. Our daughter had french toast w/ bacon. Bacon appeared to be crispy, unlike some places that serve practically raw bacon. I was happy to see that my daughter was eating sufficiently cooked bacon.AMBIANCEThe decor is very simple. Laminate floors, and few pictures/posters on the wall. They could do more with the place and since it's in Scottsdale I would recommend that. Don't come here looking for a quiet place to have a relaxing meal- at least not on a Sunday. SERVICESince it was busy, we waited about 15-20 minutes to get a table but the host on duty made sure to let us know several times that he hadn't forgotten about us. Once seated, our server was quick to acknowledge us and took our order immediately since she knew we had plenty of time to peruse the menu while waiting. We did have to wait a while for our food but the waitress explained to us that the kitchen was backed up because they were so busy. Overall, we were there a little over an hour- klind of a long time just for breakfast.OVERALLI want to come back and during a weekday and try another item from the lunch menu. It was satisfactory for a simple down home meal.
4	I ate outside here with my family after getting a recommendation from our hotel concierge.  We were vacationing and had our dog with us, and she said that she had just eaten there the day before with her dog.  This was after getting kicked off the Good Egg's outdoor patio on a strip mall because of a corporate policy that doesn't allow dogs. The Breakfast Joynt served a good, straightforward breakfast.  Fresh squeezed orange juice, decent pancakes, and a huge bowl of oatmeal.  The service was friendly and quick as well.
4	I typically come here for lunch even though it is a breakfast spot. What can I say, I love me some breakfast at lunch and dinner. I came here today for lunch and had their $7.95 special with 2 eggs, side of bacon or sausage, hashbrowns, and choice of toast or pancakes. Their hashbrowns are mixed with sauteed diced onions and super yummy. Sometimes, I also get their $8.95 omelet which allows you to choose an unlimited # of toppings AND they do not charge you for doing egg whites. Awesome. Today there was a funky smell that was offputting but there was a sign on the front telling customers of some mechanical issues so maybe that was it. Entertainment book users, there is a couple of 2-4-1 coupon in the book. Good deal!
2	Still in search of a good breakfast place in Scottsdale, and the Breakfast Joynt left a lot to be desired. First the service was slow but friendly, and because I pay the bill I appreciated the $1.95 for the large glass of chocolate milk for my son and good size cup of hot chocolate for my daughter. As far as my meal the corned beef beef hash was OK nothing special, the hash browns went from burnt on the edges to barely cooked in the middle, sausage gravy and biscuits were good but would of been a lot better had they been served hot. Everything else was just OK. Don't order the "Almost World Famous Apple Pancakes" don't even call ahead (as they suggest) we ordered them knowing that they would take 30 minutes to prepare, so we all ate breakfast and sampled them after our meal. It's just a big bowl of cooked custard with apples. absolutely NO flavor. Don't waste the time or your money.
4	We went here on a Tuesday morning....Totally empty, not a good sign. I'll admit it, I started getting a little nervous that the food was going to be terrible. I was starving....My lap-band had been giving me problems for a week, and I just got done @ the Dr., and I was ready to EAT!! The server was @ our table quickly, and brought coffee quick. MMMmmm, happy already! I ordered the special. Chicken fried chicken. It was delicious!!! Crispy chicken, smothered in sausage gravy. The eggs were perfectly cooked, over medium. Nothing grosses me out more than runny eggs! Has browns, I just had a bit of. The sourdough toast was big thick texas toast...Had a half of a piece...YUM!!! The best part, breakfast for 2, only $24!! Great prices!!
4	Third time's a charm. After my first and second breakfasts, here, I always said this joynt was on the verge of greatness. The food was just ok...but with one gentle nudge it'd be very good. Sure enough the former cook flew the joynt and in stepped a new guy. What a difference!  On my third visit the scrambled eggs were fluffier. The chicken fried steak was so gen-u-wine it'd bring tears to my Momma's eyes.  And the cream gravy'll make you sop-out your plate with that leftover piece of buttered sourdough toast. Woo doggies, if you've been keepin' your distance from this joynt for the same reasons as me -- get yaself on back here, order up and chow down.
3	A lot of new places have cropped up in Scottsdale since I left and this was once of them. It came highly recommended by my Mom and my Dad so my Dad took me here one morning. I really liked the restaurant itself and our server was nice, but I must say I wasn't really impressed with the food. I had an egg white scramble, bacon (too fatty and soft) and wheat toast. My Dad had french toast I believe and seemed to enjoy it. Perhaps I just went for the wrong selection. In any event I wouldn't by any means rule it out but I'm not sure that on my limited time/visits I would make a trip back here either.
4	Very nice breakfast. I had the Biscuts and gravy with eggs and hash browns. I'll be going back to try some of their pancakes and ham. Wait staff attentive.
4	We were happy to find a place to get a good waffle.  The omelette I ordered was good, I would have preferred the veggies were cooked more.  I didn't think the dishwasher should be answering the phone to give directions either (got me lost), but all in all.  It was an honest to goodness Breakfast Joynt.
4	Great pancakes!  Great bacon too!  This place is really good.  Kid friendly too.  We had to wait about 10 min or so but not bad because this place is busy,  really busy.  THis is a sign of a good place when everyone goes there.  I would go back.  Give this place a try.  it's worth the wait if you even have to.
5	This cute little place is located right near my home so i am there for breakfast alot. It never gets old. The people that work there are so friendly and helpful and their service is laid back and wonderful. Everything they serve here is homemade and cooked to perfection. Everything is served so fresh and hot. The breakfast is killer!! Everything you taste will hit the spot and completely satisfy you! Not only do they serve breakfast but they do a alittle lunch as well. The portions are great and everything tastes like perfection. The atmosphere is very comfortable, you will feel very much at home. The food is to die for!!! DIG THIS PLACE!
5	Auntie Em's biscuits and gravey mmm mmm good!
4	Deserves to be packed. They serve a huge breakfast  (which I normally dislike), but it was all good. Good service and I will certainly not hesitate to go back.
5	Low prices and fantastic food. Service is hit or miss but has gotten Consistently better over time. Apple pancakes are great, but the biscuits and gravy are probably the best I've had in the valley. Worth the drive on a Saturday morning.
5	My family has been going to the Breakfast Joynt since shortly after it opened.  The food is much better quality than any other breakfast restaurant in North Scottsdale.  The service is also very good.  One of aspects is they have a few 'light eaters" options.  You can get an egg, bacon, toast and hasbrowns for $4.95!   I am never disappointed with the food.  In addition, I am very particular on my coffee and this restaurant has high quality coffee.  It is also nice to know you are supporting a family run business and not a large corporate chain.
4	Went here on a lazy Saturday morning.  Service was great food was great!  They even had healthy alternatives!
5	All around awesome experience!  Took advice from other reviews and ordeed the very popular bisquits n gravy (w hash browns &eggs).... ok, so I'm picky, I will admit this freely!  If I'm going to pay for a meal w my money AND my hips...it had better be HOW I like it...and damn good!   One word....YUMM!  They did my eggs and hashbrowns just like I requested (yes, there is a little meg ryan in me...harry met sally...) and the bisquits n gravy were as good as people said!   Service was great.. Sunday morning...wahoo!  No wait!!  Ben was our server.....very prompt, very personable, friendly and a great server!  can't wait to go back!!  yay!   love new finds, thanks yelp!!
4	Very cute and homey breakfast stop that seems like it is family run, though I'm not sure. As my bf said, "the age range for ppl that work there were between 16-25 and 50-75",  so probably grandkids, parents, grandparents running it? There are definitely a lot of families and older people that go here, but it's still great food that is average for breakfast prices (although, nothing has come as cheap as Waffle House). We had the country fried steak breakfast which came with 2 eggs, hashbrowns and toast, and biscuits and gravy with eggs and hashbrowns (no toast). The coffee is also cheap, considering they give you a whole pot and it's only 2 bucks. He said it tasted like diner style coffee and like it. I don't drink coffee so I can't judge on that!
5	My girlfriend and I went here the other day. The breakfast place we usually eat at called OVEREASY has good food but AWFUL service, and it closes at 1pm. We like to wake up around 1pm, so this doesn't work for us. I found this place on the internet and it's close to my house, so we decided to go for it.THIS PLACE RULES! They have FANTASTIC service! We were chatting with the waitress Stacy for quite a while, and she was so friendly and helpful. My girlfriend ate the biscuit and gravy, which was a meal in itself, and she loved it. I had the classic eggs, hash browns, sausage patties, and toast. My family is from England, and we love bangers and mash, so I am always skeptical about the sausage at breakfast places, but the sausage patties were very good. Kinda spicy. The toast was thick and delicious.GO HERE FOR BREAKFAST.
4	The owner of this place is a really nice guy... plus he's one of the cooks.  The food quality is great and customer service is very friendly.  I'll be back..
4	Nice local breakfast spot. I have tried it twice now, without overwhelming success - hint: stick to the breakfast menu. I have not given up yet and plan to try it again. For what it's worth - I'll pick it over a chain restaurant any day.UPDATE! 3rd time was a charm - tried breakfast here on Saturday and really enjoyed myself. Try sitting at the bar too.
5	I've been back to Breakfast Joynt numerous times since my first experience here, an Official Yelp Event.They continue to impress with the breakfast grub which is my thing.
5	Tasty deliciousness! I had apple crepes which were good but I couldn't finish them... It was a hefty portion. Best hashbrowns ever! I always order them crispy and they either always come gooey or burnt, this place got it right and they have onions in too which makes for a yummy flavor. My husband got a build your own omelet which he loved. Coffee wasn't great but decent. All for 20 bucks!!! Good food great price! :)
3	We had lunch, not breakfast, so maybe I should stick with what they are known form.  Burger, fries and a milkshake.  Really all just okay.  My husband had a tuna melt, and it looked pretty good.So, my over all opinion is not someplace I feel compelled to return to anytime soon.  Good service, but somewhat generic food. Reasonably priced.
4	I'm not a huge breakfast person but once in a while it's nice to go big in the AM.I stopped in here one morning this week and enjoyed my visit.I ordered the "basic" combo which came with two eggs, hash browns, ham and two pancakes.  The hash browns were cooked perfectly, brown, moist but not greasy.  The ham was very good because, as they say on the menu, it was cut from the bone.The pancakes were good-sized and the maple syrup was great.Overall, I prefer this place to other breakfast spots such as The Good Egg.
4	Had the Basic breakfast.  The ham really is great, as were the pancakes instead of toast.  Because of the good biscuits and gravy reviews, I ordered a 1/2 order on the side and was impressed.  I rarely like restaurant gravy (never meaty enough for my taste), and this gravy was really good.Service was outstanding, they just seemed to go out of their way to make sure everything was o.k.  and seemed genuinely interested in making sure I had a great breakfast experience.Patio is dog-friendly.
2	after reading all the reviews i decided to give this place a try, i showed up today with a friend @8.45am. i also had a 6.00 entertainment coupon that i wanted to use. it was please seat yourself as the sign read, we chose the back 4top table by the bathroom area, we could have sat anywhere the place was not busy at all but we wanted privacy. we waited 8 minutes for a cup of coffee and water?, we had the younger gal waiting on us, it took another 7 minutes to order. i had the basic, my friend had the 3 egg omelet. it took 20 minutes to get our food and other customers were getting their food after we ordered. i was under the impression it was large portions of food that you need a doggy bag to take with you, i get more hash browns at ihop???. i had the french toast as a side, my friend had pancakes, both were luke warm to cold and the butter, when we asked for it, didnt even melt. the main entree's were so so, just basic. nothing really to brag about. we finally cashed out @9.55, we were no longer gonna wait for a refill on coffee or a glass of water. i would like to hear from david and his thoughts once he verifies i was their
4	We ate here for the first time this morning.  The food was better than average, the portions were generous and the service was both fast and friendly.  After seeing that their sausage gravy is made from scratch every day, I had no option but to try it.  It didn't disappoint.  It was creamy and delicious but not overly greasy or heavy like sausage gravy can so easily be.  The omlette my husband and I shared was tasty and the veggies were fresh and plentiful.  Our daughter's pancakes were fluffy and perfectly cooked and very tasty.  Anytime we do a sleepover at grandma's in north Scottsdale, this is a sure bet for breakfast!
2	i gotta say, as i like to try new places i was looking forward to a good sit down meal....and based on the other reviews i was expecting more.  i got the special which was a ham and onion frittata, it was tasty.  so my complaints are not for that.  the side dish was fruit.  drowning in juice.  making it all sort of soft and with the same taste.  so ...meh.  my roommate got the biscuits and gravy.  the eggs were EXTRA runny....like not cooked quite enough runny.  and the hasbrowns, while  EXTRA crispy (like we asked for) came out also EXTRA cold.  so overall the place itself was nice...spacious, cozy even.  the staff were friendly and on point.  but for a breakfast place the food did not really deliver.  i'd go again, in a pinch and hope for something more
3	Free wifi. Average service. I like my hash browns and bacon crunchy, so make sure you tell them if you do too (I didn't).
2	My wife and I recently moved to Scottsdale and have been trying out the breakfast places around town. We decided to try the Breakfast Joynt based on mostly positive reviews.I can only give this place 2 stars at best. My wife had pancakes which were very heavy, the strawberries were under ripe and butter is served in little plastic tinfoil cups which is pretty lame. Who wants to spend 15 minutes buttering their pancakes?I had 2 eggs and biscuits & gravy. I seldom order this but there are VERY limited selections on the menu. The biscuits were dry and hard and the eggs were not cooked over easy as ordered but rather the yolks were medium-well. The hash browns were okay.The coffee is very weak and not recommended.Overall, our meal was $25...way over-priced for what we ordered. Also, due to the crowd, we felt rushed by the waitress. I would suggest heading a few miles over to Butterfields-Twice the food, better service and better quality.
4	Came here on a Saturday morning and already a line was forming out the door. While waiting to be seated, people kept pouring in. I'm thinking "Man this place must be good!" The wait wasn't too long but food took a while...reason for the four stars. We ordered the country fried steak, eggs benedict and a side of biscuit with gravy.  Mmmmm...the wait was well worth it. Best bacon I've had. I kid you not. This bacon had a different texture, cut and taste. Country fried steak was crispy and the gravy on top made it out of this world. Eggs Benedict was tasty and the hollandaise sauce was not over powering. Great breakfast to get my Saturday started. Give it a try but be prepared to wait.
4	Love it! Yummy Omlettes, pancakes and the overall service. Despite being very busy, they we re sure to serve with a smile and not rush us through.  Their portion size is perfect for one person or to share for 2 moderate eaters.  My only disappointment was with the fruits on pancake- usually I like the pancakes topped with my choice of fruit (like topped while cooking, so fruit doesn't fall off the pancake). Here, i was given the berries etc. I wanted on a side in a cup to top it myself....ah- that is not going to make me stop from going again, just a preference not met.A must go in the area and I love the joynt!
3	Recommend by a friend, greeted by the owner as we walked into the place and it seemed a little busy.... all good signs.  We had a party of seven so it took about 15 minutes to get a table.  I should have known better than try to do breakfast  before our soccer game.  There was a huge bday party that was in there, and our waitress got triple sat.  Unfortunately, this means breakfast took forever to arrive even though we ordered the minute we sat down.  Service was nice but not real fast or efficient.  Food was the highlight of the visit, but I am not sure how great it is b/c we inhaled it to get to the game. We may give it another try... maybe.
1	Long wait, poor service, cold food, bad food...need I say more?  To make things worse, no one even attempted to say they were sorry.  Tried the restaurant due to purchase of a Groupon -- wasn't worth the money I paid for the Groupon.  Obviously will never return.
2	Went to the Breakfast Joynt today for breakfast and we weren't too thrilled.  The service wasn't great, but I am sure it was due to how busy it was.  For how crowded it was, it was just a typical breakfast.  I had an egg, bacon, hash browns, and an english muffin.  My husband had the pancakes and so did my Grandma.Nothing special and not worth the hype.  If you're looking for a standard breakfast served hot, this is a good place; but if you are looking for quicker service and something different, I would go somewhere else.
4	Breakfast Joynt deserves a quick review just because my experience yesterday was slightly different than another review I read here.  I had the blueberry pancakes, and in addition to blueberries on top, there were ample blueberries in the pancake itself.  Just the way I like it and delicious.  Next time I go there it'll be tough to decide between having those pancakes again and trying the eggs benedict.The service was fine, and it was cheaper than the other two breakfast places I've been this week, Perk & Breakfast Club.  Choosing a favorite would be tough for me.  Breakfast Club, U.S. Egg,  and Good Egg have better outside seating and the former has IMHO the best blueberry pancakes and the best omelets , but you often pay for it in $ and waiting time.  Butterfields, JP Pancake, and Original Pancake House have more exotic fare (e.g. German Pancakes) but no outdoor seating.  I'd reserve Perk for days when I want southwest flavor, Good Egg for healthier fare, and Denny's for a real bargain.  I guess that leaves First Watch as OK, but with no real reason for me to go there.
4	Love this place! Fresh eggs, homemade hash browns, fresh squeezed orange juice, delish thick bacon, very reasonable prices....
2	I could probably buy the ingredients to cook my own breakfast, cook it, wolf it, and start on the dishes in the time in takes to get served here.I also found out after eating here that they've come up a few times with 3 or more health code violations. Last month: SIX VIOLATIONS.
3	Updated to three due to owner comment. Thanks for that.
5	I COME HERE **WAY** TO OFTEN!!! I always ALWAYS get the same thing EVERYTIME (sad I know)... but it's the 3 Egg Build Your Own Omelet with EVERYTHING in it! I love it because it like having 20 different omelet taste experiences all at once!!! One bite your get a mouth full of bacon, the next broccoli, the next chorizzo, etc, etc. The omelets are HUGE! The potato's on the side are great, as is the pancakes. Before you go here.... shop around on Restaurant.com, LocalDines, Groupon, etc.... there are ALWAYS coupons for the Breakfast Joynt!Most of the servers have been there a while, and you get that certain "regular" feel that makes you feel at home.... you know when that happens when your server knows exactly how you like your eggs cooked... and can convey that to the cook!There is an iHop literally a block away.... but as far as comparisons... its a world apart! Support your local business!!!  Nuff Said! See you at the Joynt!
4	Their food always tastes homemade and the omelets are fantastic.  I would definitely recommend the biscuits and gravy as well.I've read some comments on here about the service, but we have been there over a dozen times and never have had a bad experience. It does get really busy on the weekends but as long as you're patient and you don't go into there expecting McDonald's like speed, you shouldn't be let down.
2	My bf and I drove in from "the city" lol and met some friends here for brunch.  We didnt have to wait long to get seated which was great.  The waitress came and took our drink order and right away she didnt seem too thrilled.  So I ordered an omelet and asked for turkey sausage instead of the toast or pancakes it came with, she looked at me like I was asking for a cure to cancer and proceeded to tell me that I would have to be charged full-price.  Well duh, I kinda figured and since I asked it was probably ok.  Needless to say, we waited 30 mins to get our food, which we had to ask her for.  My omelet was cold, I didnt get the turkey sausage I had ordered but she did add it to the check.  Thank god we had a groupon or else it would have been a total loss.  The Breakfast Club in Old Town is better!
4	I was excited about trying a new, local breakfast place, and I have to say the Breakfast Joynt didn't disappoint. There was a bit of a wait when we got there, but it moved really quickly and the server and hostess were both extremely friendly! I had fresh squeezed OJ (so delicious) and their California Benedict. The hash browns were pretty good, and the benny was very tasty, except 1 of the eggs was overcooked. The other one was perfectly poached and deliciously runny. Their hollandaise is homemade and the bacon was amazing. The fiance got chicken fried steak and i could stop stealing little bites. the gravy was to die for!For a local "dive" it was really good, though they did seem a little unorganized and i really do hate it when the eggs in your benedict are overcooked. For that, i have to dock a star.
2	I tagged along for breakfast this lovely Saturday morning to The Breakfast Joynt because my friend bought a Groupon.The Joynt was a bit hard to find, as it is tucked into a shopping center, but my guess as to where it might be ended up being correct. (Maybe there was a sign near Northsight or Raintree, but I didn't see it.)When my friend and I walked into the Joynt, no one greeted us. I didn't see a sign stating that guests should seat themselves, so we pretended to be cool and read the whiteboard of specials until a kid about the age of 14 picked up some menus and pointed to an empty table. Yay for nonverbal communication? I completely agree with Jay F.-- the Joynt needs a sign stating to seat yourself or a greeter.When seated, a somewhat cheery waitress came and asked for our drinks. We both ordered the fresh squeezed OJ. (I read on Yelp that the OJ was great, so I decided to try it.) The OJ came in a small glass and had absolutely no pulp. It tasted like some Minute Maid product that rolled out of a vending machine. Definitely not worth the $2.99 price tag. The waitress (no clue what her name is because she didn't tell us) asked for our food orders, but I wasn't ready, so she left and didn't come back for a good 5-7 minutes. We ordered the waffle and two eggs (scrambled) and the California Benedict and sausage. I disliked my breakfast. The eggs tasted like military powdered eggs that you add water to while in a combat zone. (Those Ready to Eat Meals with the 25 year shelf life.) The waffle was tough and chewy, akin to eating rubber. I wish I could have said something to my waitress but she didn't come back until after the bus boy took away the plates-- not even a stop five minutes into the meal to see if we needed anything, thus no proof of the awful meal. However, my friend really liked his meal. He liked that the sausages weren't prepackaged rounds, but rather looked as if the cook formed the patties in the kitchen. His poached eggs were cooked perfectly and he really liked the avocado and tomato on his Benedict. The Groupon was the best part, but I agree with other two-star reviews like that of Tori B., Daniel E., Ron R., Jay F., and J. S.: "Meh. I've experienced better."TL;DR Nothing special and not worth the hype or the price.
4	I've eaten late weekday breakfasts here a few times now.  Breakfast Joynt has made even this breakfast hater a fan.  It's hard to say what one thing did it for me - the servers that have both great personalities and are efficient, the pancakes (and I don't even like pancakes much), the thick chewy bacon...OK, maybe it was that bacon.  Or is it that this place is so un-Scottsdale even though it's in the heart of attitude central.  The only drawback might be the non-breakfast items, because my dining partners weren't thrilled with the monte cristos they got, and the burger looked good but not great.  So to give readers some unsolicited advice, stick to the breakfast items, don't order OJ when oranges aren't in season, don't feel bad if you don't already know you're supposed to seat yourself - everyone does it, and look for the Breakfast Joynt at the back of the strip mall behind Javino's and next to Gold's Gym.
5	Been there a number of times, it is a reliable stand-by for us.Great food. Great service. My only complaint is that with all the Midwestern team items on the wall there is nothing for the Michigan Wolverines!Go BLUE!
4	I've eaten at the Breakfast Joynt three times so far, take out once and dine in twice.The restaurant itself reminded me of a diner, tables in the middle and booth seats with tables around the edge.  Outdoor seating for when it's not outrageously hot outside.  You seat yourself which I don't love but I'm a fool for delicious food so I can live with self-seating.Take out dishes:  California benedict (husband), multigrain waffle for me, we both had bacon and hash browns.  He LOVED the benedict.  The eggs traveled surprisingly well, still runny enough for him when he got back to the house.  My waffle wasn't super hot but this is always my experience with take out waffles.  A quick trip to the toaster oven and I was back in business.  I must say, I was concerned because multigrain seems to = sickly sweet in many places...not so here, it was delicious!  Bacon was awesome (I always order bacon extra well done), what a flavor!  Hash browns were delicious as well.Dine in dishes: California benedict (husband) on both trips despite the fact he swore he was going to try the benedict with sausage on the second trip.  I had the pancakes and then the BLT.  Benedict was loved both times.  I thought the pancakes were excellent.  The BLT was off the hook.  Big thick slices of whole wheat, loaded with their delicious bacon (extra well done) and crinkle cut fries.  Each time they brought a big carafe of coffee and we also enjoyed a freshly squeezed glass of grapefruit juice.I like the fact that they have several side options with the BLT though they had me at crinkle cut fries.  They do not take American Express which is weird but not the end of the world.  Our server was friendly, almost too friendly but that's just me.
1	Like many people, breakfast is my favorite meal. I've been to many of the seemingly limitless choices of breakfast restaurants throughout the valley and I have never had an experience that would deter me from a repeat visit...until today.First, a recommendation. Turn on the AC when it's 100 degrees outside! My girlfriend and I felt like we were in a sauna. Uncomfortable to say the least. Wondering what temp they keep the thermostat at led us to look at the air vents. Wow, caked on dust/dirt that was pitch black in color. I immediately wondered how much of that makes its way on to the customer's plate?On to the food. I ordered an egg white omelette with broccoli and asparagus. I receive my omelette without broccoli. Their solution to this gaffe, you ask? A bowl of steamed broccoli...such a weird solution I didn't even say anything. And to make it worse, nobody seemed to care about it! No apology, nada, zip....Server was sweet and nice but everything else was so bad that my only recommendation is to drive another mile down the road and get your eggs somewhere else.
4	Wow what a tasty breakfast. The eggs Benedict with ham off the bone was delicious. The hashbrowns were grilled with onions and gave it a wonderful flavor. The bacon was crisped to perfection. Pancakes were fluffy. The only bummer was they didn't bring butter and syrup til the pancakes were cold enough to not melt the butter. Overall a very tasty experience. We may come back before the end of our vacation stay at the Fairmont.
2	I've been here three times.  I keep trying to be satisfied, but I always seem to be disappointed.  Maybe in the winter when it's cool enough for the patio, I can bring my dog and it might be redeemed a bit.Food is average. Omelets are thin and meh.  Biscuits and gravy are good. Coffee is fine.  Service is sketchy.  I've had great and I've had horrible.
5	Absolutly the BEST breakfast ive had in the Phoenix area...so far.Off the bone ham, homemade hash browns, fresh eggs and fresh squeezed orange juice, wonderful french toast, and yummy omelettes are offered on their menu, as well as a host of other items. There usually is a wait, but it's well worth it! Fast, friendly servers make this a breakfast spot to visit!
3	Best homemade corned beef hash I've tasted in Phoenix! =)Visited this place as we were in the area and had groupon for it. Hubbie and I shared, as we always try to do, a special on that day that includes homemade corned beef, whole wheat pancakes, eggs, sausage and hash brown. Pretty good serving for us and we came out full. The best part of the combo was the corned beef, very tasty! If I come back, I will definitely have corned beef again! =) It was pretty busy at 930ish, service was fast and good. Since we have a groupon for this, we only paid the tax and tip which was a good deal! Nice breakfast place tucked in this complex where you can quietly meet with friends and families for a nice breakfast. Will absolutely try this place again! =)
3	Went here on a Groupon to try it.  WOW! Super friendly and courteous staff! A++++ Tried the country fried steak-it was better than I expected!  Not rubbery or overly greasy.  Good gravy.  I am spoiled by the CFS that I've eaten in Dallas, but this was as good as I've had here so far. This place blows Over Easy away!  We also tried the french toast, which I thought was just decent, and of course we were already soooo full from the CFS. It is more than enough for 2. Next time we will share it.
3	I was really excited to give this place a try after getting a groupon.  The staff was friendly, the place was packed, and the food was good.  I will be willing to eat at this restaurant again, but as of now, not my favorite breakfast place.  I had the chicken fried steak and it was just so-so.  Not the best, but not the worst.  Overall though, seems like a good place and I will try it again sometime.
5	Best breakfast around, the food is fresh, high quailty and actually gets love during preparation.  It's like every detail is covered for the highest quality.  But guess what?  Low prices too...unbelievable.  Lunch is awesome, and they'll do some great custom catering and events in the evening too:)  Enjoy.
3	Although my previous experiences were 5 star experiences, lately, the Breakfast Joynt has been disappointing. Very disappointing...Today's breakfast broke the camel's back, so to speak: for the second time I had to send my eggs back due to improper cooking, and pretty much everything on my plate was below average.In addition, although very nice, the wait staff was largely hanging out in back, and not in the front of the house checking on the few customers that were dining. I know this establishment is capable of doing better. I've tasted it. Whether there is someone new in the kitchen, or they're simply not paying attention, it shows a slip in their food, and let's face it, if it's not right and tasty, there are dozens of other places to go for breakfast. My ham today tasted as though it had fallen into the syrup today and it wasn't that yummy brown sugar type of sweet that you would expect on ham. In addition, our hash browns were largely uncooked, but flash burned on the grill. English muffins that weren't toasted nearly enough, and eggs cooked incorrectly.I'm disappointed in the Breakfast Joynt. Hopefully, they'll clean up their act. Until then, I'm returning to Chompies for breakfast, where I know that I'll get great food consistently...
5	Great service and outstanding breakfast. What else do you want?! You can even take your pup and eat outside or just have tour cup of Joe. Recommend to anyone in the northern Scottsdale area.
2	Eh..nothing to write home about at this place.  Everything seemed to take a long time. Not sure if it was the servers fault or the kitchen. The servers were very friendly and chatty about the food. The food was mediocre at best.   Coffee was barely warm. Don't know if I'd come back.
3	Looks like the reviews are averaging to a 3.5 for this place which seems spot on to me. Yummy little breakfast place tucked into a boring Scottsdale strip mall. There is a Gold's Gym next door so if you sit on the patio you get a lot of interesting cross traffic...As to the food, it's really really good. My wife has been a few times and raves about it. I tried it today and had the eggs benedict. They were perfectly done and I loved them. The side of hash browns was small and disappointing. Their coffee was good, they don't do a latte and don't take Amex. Service was excellent. We'll be back, for a breakfast place it was superb.
2	My boss took us here for breakfast.  I had an omlet and it was gross.  It was very dry and rubbery.  According to the menu I thought I was just getting an omlet.  But, they put hashbrowns on the plate (hashbrowns looked burned).  And I also received extremely buttery toast.  And a lady kept trying to bring pancakes to our table (even though no one ordered pancakes).  Another person in our party ordered sausage with his meal, but received bacon.  After we finished eating, I was wishing we would've gone to IHOP.
2	Have been here several times and so far, only one dish was OK: the pasta dish under Health Conscious. All the other dishes have been disappointing, including the Fruit Crepes which I had today, the omelette which was overcooked, the pancakes which have been tasteless. For breakfast, I would be better off going to IHOP.
3	Service was friendly but slow, like bumped her head too hard slow... too many errors for such a small breakfast order.  Food was okay.
4	Very good food with huge portions.
1	My husband and I ate lunch here and were very disappointed with the food and service. We had been there last year and it was pretty good but something has happened. It wasn't busy at all and now we know why. I ordered BLT on sourdough - got it on wheat, my husband ordered a burger medium and it was almost raw. The lettuce tasted and looked old, the crinkle fries are ok for frozen.The side of fruit was rubbery and tasteless. Don't think we will return.
4	Good prices. Polite and fast service. Great experience. Yummy Eggs Benedict.
1	This place is horrible. My bf and I stopped here because we had a groupon but it wasn't worth it. We watched as other people got seated before us even though our name was on the list. It took about 10-15 mins to get waited on and then almost an hour to get our food. Our waitress didn't stop to check on us once or apologize for the wait. The people next to us were being completely ignored by their waitress and waited an hour for food as well. It took forever as well to get the check. Maybe they should be better prepared for a Saturday morning. You couldn't pay me to come back here.
3	Sorry to say Sunday breakfast wasn't as good as my other experiences.  The host did a great job managing the crowd and got us seated quickly and our waiter was super nice.  However, it took almost a half hour to get our food with no updates from the waiter.  My usual pancakes were good, but the teeny-tiny packets of butter became really annoying when I went through all (about) 10 they gave me and still needed more butter.  The swedish pancakes at the table were deemed flavorless.  For whatever reason, the $3.99 side of bacon consisted of 3 pieces that were horribly shriveled to about 3/4" x 5".  That's over $1 per disappointing slice.  Eh-they were really nice, so I'll give them one more chance.
4	This place was close to the timeshare we are staying while on vacation. We wanted a homestyle breakfast and found the Breakfast Joynt. My wife had eggs Benedict with off the bone ham. It was fantastic. We split a 1/2 order of biscuits and gravy. As a southern bred I expect really good biscuits and gravy. These were good but not stellar. For my breakfast I had the Basic with thick cut bacon. All items were very fresh and tasty. I'd recommend this place!
2	I only had the waffles and egg combo and it wasn't anything special. It was on par with a Dennys or an I-Hop. The ambiance of the place is real nice and the servers are friendly. Maybe if I tried something else I'll be blown away, but for now, it's two stars ("I've experienced better") for me.
5	So good! A lot of food. The server was so nice and enthusiastic. I think her name is Shelly. The ambiance was nice. Pancakes are delicious. This is our new breakfast spot!
4	Friendly servers, quick seating on the weekends (with the option to sit outside), and very fast service. Different servers checked in with me multiple times to make sure I was taken care of. My only real complaint was the coffee was not piping hot and just so-so... but other than that, a good option for standard American breakfast.
4	Breakfast Joynt and I got off on the wrong foot when I was forced to wait 15 minutes for coffee. I get it, it's Sunday morning and the waitress had a lot of balls (or waffles) in the air but under no circumstance should a breakfast customer wait 15 minutes for coffee. It's just unacceptable. It's an even worse business strategy to make ME wait 15 minutes for coffee when I'm hungry. I'm a real bear that way.BUT, once the coffee pot landed and we got our orders in the food came out very fast and it was amazing. Probably the best eggs Benedict I've had in years. I ordered them California-style with avocado and bacon. The avocado was ripe and the bacon was crisp. Eggs were poached to perfection and I was given just the right amount of Hollandaise. As a bonus, Breakfast Joynt weaves caramelized onion into their hashbrowns. Big league move, that is. I'm strongly considering making the Breakfast Joynt a post-church Sunday staple.
5	Great Omlette and friendly servers.
2	I had the "angus" chicken fried steak, eggs, toast, and hashbrowns for breakfast today. Meh. The eggs were cooked right. That was it. The hashbrowns were undercooked and almost raw in someplaces, the chicken fried steak tasted like it was fried in grease that has been used for 4 weeks straight. The toast was big and soggy and only lightly toasted on one side. I won't be back.
3	I had been to the Breakfast Joynt once several years ago. It was not terribly memorable but there was a really great Groupon available on this particular day and the lunchtime crew and I were in the mood to eat out.  On the surface the Joynt seemed like it would meet all our lunch time needs. Close proximity to the office-check. Breakfast and standard lunch fair-check. Good pricing (especially with the Groupon)-check and check. After much deliberation with my lunchtime crew we headed over. As soon as we entered we were greeted by a friendly gentlemen and we selected a table.The atmosphere is nice and relaxing, though the decor is a bit confusing (Chicago memorabilia plus Packers and Vikings stuff?)  I chose the egg salad sandwich and we all ordered. That's when things went downhill. Though our waitress was generally friendly, service was incredibly slow. So slow, in fact, that we overheard the table next to ours complaining about the same thing. Suddenly our "quick" lunch break turned into something much less quick. Once our food arrived we were all generally pleased. The food was tasty. However it had taken so long to arrive that we immediately asked for our check and fumbled for our wallets with one hand while eating with the other. Overall the food was fine, but the super slow service makes me wonder if this isn't a better place to phone in a to go order, rather than dining in.  Maybe we will hit this place up again when we are in the mood for a lunch hour that is a bit more leisurely in it's pace. PS-Avoid the ranch dressing. It will not meet your french fry dipping needs!
3	I've been here a few times for breakfast and have to say that the food is ok, but nothing to rave about to the neigbors. I usually get the omlete with onions, green peppers and ham (Denver Omlete). Lunch is not the greatest either. I had the monte cristo last time I was here and it pales in comparison to other monte cristo sandwiches I have had locally (Blue32).I would rate the breakfast side about 3 1/2 stars and the lunch side of the business 2 1/2 stars so the Breakfast Joynt gets an average score of 3 out of 5 stars in my opinion.
1	I live close by so I keep coming back but this may be my last time. The food is really good - the service however is slow and disorganized.  It was 25 min after I ordered when I asked when it might be ready. The people sitting around me were having the same issue - very disappointing!
4	We received some free entree coupons in our office the other day and decided to give this place a shot. I had the biscuits and gravy combo with hash browns and they were great. The hash browns were obviously made from fresh cut potatoes, the biscuits were definitely not from a box and the gravy was excellent. The lemonade is dead on, not too sweet and not too sour.Our server was very friendly and helpful when it came time to providing suggestions. The general atmosphere was pleasant and inviting.Those who put this place on par with Denny's or IHOP obviously haven't been to either in a while. The food is much better, the dining area more pleasant, and the prices right on point.We will definitely be coming back here to fill the breakfast for lunch cravings instead of the IHOP just down the road.
4	I originally went to Breakfast Joynt when I moved to the neighborhood and I am always looking for a good breakfast place.  The place is on the smaller side for its location and it can get crowded.  I have had to wait 45 minutes to be seated on a weekday!  The selection is moderate, from your regular breakfast staples, like steak and eggs to the build your own omelet, which you can have as many toppings as you like at no additional charge, which is nice.  The Biscuits and Gravy and Chicken fried Chicken are amazing, some of the best I've ever had.  The portion size are moderate, which is nice to not be served enough food for a small village for one. The service, while extremely nice, can be VERY slow.  This place is more leisurely when it comes to service so do not go here if you are in a time crunch.  The prices are good, especially with the Groupon promotions they run pretty regularly   and they have this "Belly" app that you "check in" and earn points towards a free meal which is also a bonus. While there seems to be a plethora of breakfast establishments none that are locally owned, operated and serve the food made to order, which is a nice change at the Breakfast Joynt.  There is seating outside, which is nice and they also offer wi-fi, which is a bonus.  The decor is a bit odd, with Chicago skylines, Bears and Vikings and Packers paraphernalia about the place.  There is also one TV that only half of the restaurant can view as the other half has its back to it.
3	Agree with others that the service here can be spotty.  We've had both good and bad meals here as well.  There is not a lot of competition in the immediate area so this place probably gets a wider room for error than most.  Overall I'd say you get a pretty good value eating here and the casual atmosphere on the patio is enjoyable, but if they don't start delivering a more consistent experience it will be just another business to revolve through this building.
4	Love the pulpy orange juice, appreciate the coffee carafe.Ordered the chicken-fried steak and eggs, with a biscuit and side of gravy.Steak was a tad bit tough, probably the cut rather than the cooking. Gravy was very good, excellent texture and mouth feel, good flavor. Biscuit was great, eggs were well prepared.Free WiFi is nice.The location dictates I'm not likely to return, but it was nice.
2	Been seeing Groupons for this place and wanted to try it for awhile. First time I attempted to go, the outdoor area had a lot of people so I figured it was a great place to eat!  Hmmm.   What a disappointment....When we came in, it was not crowded at all.  We sat down and our order taken by a friendly server.  Good menu choices.  However, maybe 20 minutes later, our food had not arrived yet.  I noticed that everyone's order around us had not arrived yet either.  Finally the lady next to use got her food, complained that she waited this long  for a very small portion of quiche, the server apologized and left and the lady was so upset, she left thereafter!Our server came & apologized for the food delay after waiting for 30 minutes!  He said the food inspector was in the kitchen.  Ten minutes later, all the tables were served and we were still waiting.  Finally our food came and my omelet was watery, hash browns too dry and no butter or syrup for my pancakes.  I asked another server for the syrup & pancakes but she didn't bring them right away and I had to ask again!When she finally brought them over, the butter was melted, liquid like....In all fairness, the servers were all nice.  Seems like a family ran restaurant which is the type I like to patronize.  However, they need to improve their service.  Our server never came back, I had to ask for our check from the lady server and then was overcharged.  She corrected it.  When we finally left, we had been there for more than an hour.  I felt like I was in a zone...  All we wanted was a nice relaxing breakfast.  Hmmm...   Sorry peeps but no good recommendation for this place.
1	Don't bother buying the groupon for this place. I'm going to bullet point because I could rant for paragraphs.* Ordered the "special of the day - Apple French Toast" it was dry, unappetizing, and had 2 limp apple slices saturated in cinnamon on top. It was a sea of brown.*Eggs were soggy and only hot sauce made it edible.*Bacon was the best thing on my plate and cooked right. *Eggs Benedict had tasteless hollandaise sauce and I could have made a better version at home.*As people left the waitress kept telling them she hopes they come back: ergo she knows the food was bad and shouldn't.*My groupon had expired and I was just trying to use the cash value of it (like the fine print said I could) and the waitress actually TOOK MY CELL PHONE WITH HER INTO THE BACK OF THE RESTAURANT WITHOUT ASKING ME instead of getting the manager to come out and look at the groupon where we were seated. When she did return she lectured me that next time they wouldn't take it except on family meals like the groupon was intended for. I didn't want to use the full $45 value, I wanted to use the $22 I had paid for it on our bill of $21.65. I almost told her don't worry, because there will NEVER be a next time.
3	We had a groupon and tried to go few weeks ago. The wait turned us back. This time, we arrived before 9am on sat. Was busy but they sat us w/in minutes. The waiter was polite although busy. Little long on the wait for food but it was busy. We each got the eggs,pancakes, Bacon so it wasn't a dish u can really mess up. Good yet not fantastic. Overall decent place yet not sure if will go back. Our dish was less than $7 yet most of the prices ranged from $8-12.
5	Hands down the best breakfast I've ever had, anywhere. It definitely feels like home cooked breakfast. I've never been to this place on the weekend when it isn't packed out the door. I'm not the only person that loves this place!
3	2 stars for the food. 5 BIG Stars for the service.  Our waitress was fantastic.The main draw for us was that it is dog friendly. We were a party of 6 with 3 dogs and they happily accommodated us for a relaxed and leisurely breakfast.  Our waitress quickly brought our dogs a big bowl of water and a giant carafe of excellent coffee for the humans. The coffee & the service were definitely a high-light of the morning.  The food was just okay. We really didn't like the soggy hash-browns and my wife detested her omelette. Although, most of our guests did enjoy their breakfasts.Even though we were a bit disappointed with the food, kudos to this place for the service, dog-friendly setting and great coffee. Those parts made us really happy! We'll definitely return and try something different next time.
1	I always believe in second chances so my wife and family decided to try the BJ again after an extremely slow and bland   experience a few months ago.  We arrived this am, are seated and the staff was obviously overwhelmed.  Waited 20 minutes to be acknowledged and our order taken.  Food comes and the special was an apple French Toast, eggs and bacon.  Since when do you put apple cinnamon cream sauce on French toast not o mention undercooked all of the bacon.  Terrible (and I was not the only one at the table thinking it was terrible). Hare to say it, but there will not be another chance.  We tried!
5	Went for breakfast on Saturday at 10:30am. Expected a long wait but got served within 10 minutes. Service was excellent and food was yummy. I had an omelet with bacon and Swiss which was excellent. My wife had Benny Florentine and enjoyed it. My son had a breakfast burrito.  Would definitely return. Recommended if your in Scottsdale AZ and want breakfast to check this place out. They did have outside seating for those who can't eat without their dog by there side. Canine friendly.
1	It needed to closeNever learned about customer service!
3	Pretty solid breakfast spot.I ordered the California Benedict & Ryan ordered pancakes with a side of bacon. The pancakes were gigantic; no idea how anyone could finish all 3. My meal was good, definitely different than any other Benedict I've tried. All good, just nothing that knocked our socks off.No wait at 10a on a Sunday morning + Packer memorabilia + good service + good food = A-OK.
3	Some highlights- Loved the special of the day: red velvet pancakes breakfast with cream cheese topping. YUM YUM YUM- Corned beef hash is canned and not homemade :( sad face- Fried Chicken breakfast is a huge portion- tasted really well but definitely sad that they only have sausage gravy. Would love it if they could offer a non pork gravy for the non oink eaters. Overall, it was delicious, simple menu, great service (Thanks to Waitress Kelly she was really nice) and would much rather support local eateries than Ihop or Denny's anyday.
4	My wife and I are in Scottsdale for a short vacation, and we stumbled upon the Breakfast Joynt this morning.  There was a wait when we arrived, so I thought that was a good sign.  We sat in the bar area, and overall we had a good breakfast.  My wife had the California Benedict, and I had an omelette.  The food was good, but our waiter was a little distracted - maybe because we were on the edge of the bar area and not in the direct line of fire. I liked the football decor on the walls and the big flat screen in the bar area.In general, I would recommend it to anyone looking for a good solid meal at a reasonable price.
5	We are regulars at this place.  The food is very good, as are the portions.  The restaurant is clean, open and airy, and there is a patio outside for the appropriate time of the year.The owner, David, is usually there and "manages by walking around".  The staff is both friendly and competent.Try it, you'll like it!
2	This restaurant seems to have a split personality.  When they are good, they are very, very good.  Friendly service and well-prepared breakfasts (the Eggs Benedict and the Breakfast Fried Chicken were two favorites).  However, after nearly half of the times I have visited, I asked myself why I keep coming back.  Perhaps, like some sort of dysfunctional relationship, I only want to think of the 'good times' and hope that the rest gets better?  The Eggs Benedict is a hit or miss - I never know if my dish will show up with cold, rock hard yolks and practically raw hash browns.  The Breakfast Fried Chicken (served with eggs as well as a choice of toast or pancakes) is a good choice, but recently, the portion size has decreased while the price was raised (yes, we noticed the smaller plate).  Service is consistently inconsistent - it can either be attentive, or nonexistent.Yes, the place gets busy, but that isn't an excuse for a 45+ minute wait for food (while being completely ignored, without even a water refill).  It also isn't an excuse to cram tables so close together that on one occasion we were placed directly in the path of the traffic to/from the kitchen, with trays continually being hoisted over our heads.  Being busy doesn't mean that you can set tables with filthy (dried food caked on) silverware and then be surprised when I ask for another place setting.I think it is time to accept that our relationship just doesn't work, and move on.
4	GREAT, quick story to tell here (don't normally do this but dammit I was impressed!);Had a $15 Groupon that I paid $7 for, that I went in to use 1 day before its expiration.  Being alone, I figured I would be economical guy and order bkfst there and lunch to-go, as I had $15 to spend on myself.  Easy enuf, right?RIGHT!  Waitress was friendly, polite, non-scornful at Groupon mention, and then another staff member stepped in w/the coolest assist I have seen in a while.  My Android My Groupons app failed to bring up my groupon for the place, so they let me pull it up and take the # from PDF from laptop in the restaurant.  Incredible service to save this cheap SOB a few bucks.  And to top it off, the young lady who assisted us was oh-so-easy on the eyes, too!  Never a bad thing :)I will return, and of course, recommend.Oh, and the food?  A solid 9, quite nicely presented, fair portions, non-corporate feel.
4	I would love to give this restaurant 4.5 stars, if possible.  The food is home made and good, but you will have to wait a few extra minutes so don't come starving.  The service is spotty, sometimes.  The prices are reasonable and the portion sizes are large.  I love that they have the lighter fare menu as it is so hard to find a decent breakfast under 2,000 carbs and 50,000 calories.  ;-)  The breakfast burrito is huge and tasty; the pancakes are light and fluffy but soooo flavorful!  Haven't had a bad meal there.
2	I was disappointed in my breakfast.  The coffee was terrible.  The eggs were average. And the service was well below average. Not a place I would go back to.
5	Friendly group. Great specials....Try THE BASIC breakfast. It's more than enough.
3	Good not Great. Service was nice, yet I would like to see it when they are packed. Would go back but not unless Im in the area.
2	We visited last Sunday and had not been there for several months. We sat at the bar and were ignored by at least 5 servers that went by several times. I finally asked who would be waiting on us. The server was very apologetic and took $5 off our breakfast ticket and gave us a buy one get one free coupon for our next visit, which was appropriate. The food is always good but the service needs improvement. I wonder if they are under new management or ownership.
4	For my 1100th review, I'm going to use it on The Breakfast Joynt.Groupon has brought me and the family into this place over 8 times over the past year.  We've come in for Breakfast & Lunch.  More recently, Lunch, to avoid the long lines during the Breakfast hours.  Here's a tip, if you show up after 12 pm you'll be better off than before then to find a table.  This tip applies to Sundays, which is the day we prefer to go.Here are some of the items I've had here:The Basic (2 Eggs, Bacon, Hash Browns, Buttermilk Pancakes) - $7.99Breakfast Burrito (Scrambled Eggs, Sausage, Onions, Green Peppers, Cheddar Cheese) - $6.99Western Burger (Cheddar Cheese, Bacon, Onion Rings, and BBQ sauce) - $10.99Sack of 10 Angus Sliders - $12.99http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5Ip4_yFvx3sz4qMqxl-4mw?select=mVXqbkwPFs19EnACRXJANA#mVXqbkwPFs19EnACRXJANAMy favorite is the Sack of 10 Sliders.  They're very good and you can take a few home for later!  The staff is friendly, but sometimes the food order can take a while. I hope they continue to do Groupon, because the deal is totally worth it here.Return Factor - 100%
1	This was the most disgusting experience I have ever had at a restaurant. I normally do not write reviews but felt I needed to share this. My husband and I along with our 2 year old went there for breakfast on a Saturday morning. I ordered the eggs benedict "Joynt Style" which seemed to be their speciality. I also had hot chocolate and ordered a glass of milk. We ordered the kids pancake with bacon for my daughter and a ham and cheese omlette for my husband. My hot chocolate was average, but what came next was appauling. The milk they brought me was totally spoiled! The eggs in my eggs benedict were over cooked so the yokes we totally hard, the sauce was disgusting and my hashbrowns tasted like sausage. My daughters pancake was hard as a rock, and my husband's omlette was overcooked as well. The waiter apologized and offered me another glass of milk, I declined. And he noticed that all 3 of us had full plates when we asked for the check. He did comp my eggs benedict. But, I will definately NOT be back! Hopefully this was just a one off situation, but, somehow I doubt it. If I could give 0 stars I would!
3	I have been to this place about three times over the last couple years. I always loved the blueberry pancakes each time I went, but I was disappointed this time around.   The food was just okay.  The waiter was very friendly and kept up with our pace of being served (fairly quickly).  We used a Groupon, so it was still a good deal and will go back again.
3	I'm waffling between 2 and 3 stars. 2 is "Meh. I've experienced better," which is completely true in terms of service and speediness. 3 is "A-OK" which is how I felt about the food. To be honest, I think the food was way better than "A-OK" but the time it took to get our food? Man.I know we couldn't have picked a worse time to come: Mid-late morning on a Sunday. I know! We had just finished working out and decided to finally try the Breakfast Joynt just a few doors down. (Amazing idea to open a breakfast/lunch place with healthy options right next to a gym. Bravo, Joynt owners!)We snagged the last "regular" table (there were a few high-tops around the bar area) and looked over the menu. I think it's AWESOME that split plates and "egg whites only" are free. Also, the build-your-own omelet section isn't restricted to the usual 3 items before extra charges are thrown in, like it says on the menu. Server informed us that it was unlimited. Heyo! Unfortunately, I had already decided on my 3 ingredients and I panic in the face of change so I just went with what I was planning: Egg white omelet, broccoli, mushrooms and feta. I subbed out the hash browns for fruit, which was annoyingly a .75 up-charge, but I understand how restaurants work.  Fruit is more expensive than potatoes. So we waited. And waited. AND WE WAITED. It was a really ridiculous wait for breakfast. To the tune of about half an hour. Hanger levels were approaching dangerous levels. Finally (Finally!) our food arrived. The omelets were awesome! Fluffy and open-face...I beat the boyf to the clean plate club. I know! Fruit was tasty--melons, honeydew, grapes, freshly segmented oranges. Wheat toast was thick slices, but just toast. You have the option to get toast or a pancake (This option is glorious, btw) but we decided to not blow ALL the good work we had just done at the gym. The pcakes looked really tasty though. I'm not sure we'll have that will power next time.A little busser girl came over and took our plates away quickly. Too quickly? ("I felt like she was eyeballing me like a hawk as I took my last bite") And guess what? MORE WAIT. WAITING. WAIT ALL DAY, ERR' DAY, YOLO. Our server had DISAPPEARED. I gawked around and realized a new girl was helping to deliver food to tables our server had. Finally she emerged from the back with a gigantic tray of waters, orange juice and coffees. Ugh. The dreaded breakfast drink overload. I felt her pain, I really did. Especially because huge church goers aren't known for tipping especially well. Still, it would have helped for someone to see our cards on the table and swoop in and help a sister out. That left me kinda miffed.All in all, the omelets were the star of the show and really saved the over 1.5 hour breakfast visit. We'll definitely have to come back on some NOT Sunday morning to see if the service works out better.
3	biscuits were to sweet for biscuits and gravy. My friend really liked the pancakes
2	This place was pretty unremarkable. Really wanted to go out to breakfast with my boyfriend and a Maps search of his area found Breakfast Joynt so we headed over. Our waitress was a nice enough girl but seemed sort of unkempt which isn't something you want from people handling your food. She checked on us the appropriate number of times but never for more than a hurried second and as there seemed to be more than enough servers and bussers on the floor to deal with a moderate number of tables, she shouldn't have been so rushed.The coffee was plain gross. Not "Hm, I guess it isn't bad." Not "Well, I've had better." It was really just quite nasty.The food was eh.My eggs were dry and rubbery but my biscuits and gravy tasted exactly how biscuits and gravy should taste, no better or worse. My boyfriend thought the same about his waffle. The hashbrowns were a good-sized portion but had next to no flavor.All in all, it wasn't the worst experience of my life. None of the food was by any means bad, but it wasn't by any means especially good.Same with the service.Same with the atmosphere.That coffee though, definitely bad.
5	I love this casual place. Their food is outstanding and their prices fair. The ham is unbelievable, which makes the Eggs Benedict outstanding too. The waiters/waitresses are friendly and efficient.
3	For a breakfast/lunch place in a plaza type setting - this place wasn't bad. Biggest problem was the time it took to place an order and to get what you ordered. The food was pretty darn good though.As always - I check out the restrooms and this one wasn't real good, but at least I made it into the room! They use some sort of air freshener to mask the problems and a good thorough cleaning needs to be done. The interior of the business was clean even with the doors open and what I guess was called a sand storm happening.The staff seemed a bit stressed out, but were really friendly - but some where along the way - they've lost track of quick service - breakfast shouldn't take that long - it's eggs!They get the three stars because the food was good - otherwise it would be a two for sure!
3	I ordered the chocolate chip crepes. Maybe I'm a bit spoiled since having them in Europe but they were a bit too thick and doughy. It was almost like a wet pancake.Friend ordered California Benedict and just thought it was average. Service was good though.
4	I went for a breakfast meeting (7 am on Tuesday) and was worried because all the reviews talk about how crowded it is - well that must be the weekend or later in the day because we were the only ones there.  Which was great because our food came out quick!  The place did start fililng up as we were getting ready to leave - around 8.  The prices were reasonable - $6.95 for two eggs, two pieces of bacon and two HUGE pancakes (and they had whole grain/wheat ones - that were yummy).  They were out of fresh squeezed OJ - so my breakfast companion was out of luck - but it was fine for me (not a fan of pulp).  The food was good, hot and quick.
5	This is or was a great breakfast place.  Large portions and great food.  However, it has moved as of 4-24 and there was no forwarding adress in window.  Anyone know where it went?
4	It's now (5/4/13) called Windy City Cafe. Good food!
5	It's so quaint and relaxing to eat a nice breakfast there. Staff is nice and it's a great environment. You have the choice to sit inside or outside. Their omelette is so good!
2	I'm glad I had a BOGO coupon! I will give this place another try if I have another coupon.  08/24/2013 Update - I have yet to return.
5	Always a pleasant experience.  Very good food with very good service.  The owner, David, is almost always there.  In other words, he does management by walking around.  This always makes a difference
1	The service, where do I start?!? Waited 20 minutes to be told by the waiter that our order had been "cut" and the kitchen was just starting it. The place was totally dead during this ordeal. Saw the waiter spend that prior 20 minutes talking to staff. Seems more likely he forgot to put it into the kitchen. Overall the food was ok but not enough to make up for crappy service. They did offer a discount ($4 off an order for 2) to make up for the service. I don't think we'll be back.
