4	GREAT place ... great food.That atmosphere is sooooo nice ... coffee's great and free wi-fi!Seems like the owner and his wife are always there and they want you to enjoy your experience. The outdoor patio is facing 7th Street so regretfully it's like sit along side a freeway.  Also they only have 7 parking spots in their very small lot.  But still a really nice addition to downtown.
5	It's actually called 'La Piccola Cucina' and it is wonderful! They have awesome food, set up like a deli, or you can order a panini. The food is very fresh, and they also have fantastic gelato- the only gelato counter I know of in DT Phoenix. The atmosphere is so cool. It feels like a mediterranean sidewalk cafe - umbrellas, fountains, flowers, etc. They are barely open a month, so the hours will be expanding. I know they are closed on Monday and they close all other nights at 8pm, but the owner plans to stay open until midnight in the coming months. The only downside right now is no beer or wine, but the owner is working on that too.
4	I went last week for lunch and thoroughly enjoyed it. Food wasn't bad, ambiance was great (very European) and the big guy behind the counter started belting out opera as we stood waiting for our order to be filled. And yes, the gelato is very good.So why not 5 stars? Well here's the thing. I may be harsh but places like this are a dime a dozen in big cities from London to Rome, New York to Paris. Compared to them? its OK. Compared to the relatively meager options in Phoenix, it's pretty damned good.So, like everything else, it just depends on your yardstick. Either way, stop by. Its different and we should do all we can to support people trying to give this town some soul.
5	Ahhhhh, this place is so cute and so YUMMY!  I want to go back ASAP and try more food.  I had the kidney bean sald-- it rocked! and the proscuitto sandwich was awesome.The prepared food case made my eyes tear up with joy, everything looked so good and fresh.I am in love.
1	Oily, pre-made and reheated food, anyone?Not for me...... Thanks
5	Oh Hell yes! This place doesn't fuck around. I assume it's authentic Italian food but I've been to Italy, technically a couple of times, and I never experienced anything this good there except for a $6 scoop of double dark chocolate ice cream in some famous Roman square. The food is simply amazing. Three words: Eggplant! That said, your experience is dependent on your ability to engage the owner. He's rad. Magnetic. Talented. Funny. So if you have even a modicum of grace and social disineptness or adeptness you'll do fine. If I was the type of person to do lunches, dinners, or generally engage others in a mutually beneficial exchange of thoughts or ideas, I'd be here all the time.
4	Yahoo I just got an e-mail that La Piccola Cucina is trying a limited breakfast menu out this weekend. I am so glad they decided to make the Coronado neighborhood their home. I love their deserts the most because they are as good as they look. They have a couple of ways to order during regular hours. You can either order a plated meal out of the case or a sandwich combo. Either is excellent. The plated meal is basically an entree and two sides. They do finish cooking the items that are not served cold, but I hate to be the one to break it to you that most restaurants do this back in the kitchen and you never know the difference. What do you think it just came out of the oven the minute you arrived. Anyways it is mighty tasty. Give it a shot. Also try the Gelato. Andy, the owner, is a very nice guy and La Piccola Cucina is an asset to the Coronado neighborhood.
5	Based on a recommendations from my friends at Downtown Phoenix Journal, we ventured to La Piccola Cucina. This brand new spot on 7th St just North of McDowell on Oak is fit into a Tudor-style home. Immediately I appreciate the historical preservation that is going on here. The front patio is filled with cafe tables with red umbrellas, inviting on a summer evening or during the Spring but not at 5:00.We were greeted inside by co-owner Debbie who brought us around to the dinner case. La Piccola Cucina is very different than most restaurants you will come across. Part old-world Deli, part Luby's Cafe, diners can chose their meal a-la carte or can, for $9.99, pick up one "protein" and two vegetables. Strange as that sounds, it actually works very well.Their "protein" selection is made up of veal, pork, and asparagus stuffed meatloaf, turkey, a couple different chicken selections, stuffed pork, and a few other meat dished. Their vegetable sides ranged from ratatouille, orzo, zucchini, asparagus, potatoes, beets, and a few different salads. This wide selection allows you to cater to your taste buds for the evening. The woman in line behind me was a vegetarian and she was able to order a nice selection including a salad.My wife ordered the meatloaf with orzo and potatoes while I had the pork with ratatouille and zucchini. My pork was excellent, covered in a fig reduction glaze that really brought life to the pork. The ratatouille was one of the best dishes I had ever had combining sweet and fresh tastes perfectly. The zucchini was good but could have used some garlic and salt. My wife raved about the potatoes and thought the orzo was quite good as well. Then we got to the meatloaf.I am not a meatloaf person but my wife loves it. I was intrigued by the sound of it but I am a pork person and will almost always order it. This meatloaf was more along the lines of a toasted meatball than an American meatloaf. Filled with veal and pork (two essentials in making a good meatball) it was perfectly crisp on the outside and had a small scoop of tomato sauce on top. The flavors were a perfect mix while each was distinctly unique and separate. Definitely a meal I would recommends to any and everyone.The drink fridge was filled with an interesting mix of beverages you would find at Cost Plus or AJs. No beer but a nice fruit-soda and mineral water selection. Of course, they also had a fully functional cafe with coffee and espresso drink selections. If they could get a BYOB permit, they might really take off.As we finished our dinner, the dessert counter that had been calling my wife was explored. Mini cheesecakes of assorted flavors, personal (slightly bigger) caramel cheese cakes, chocolate mousse, cream puffs, cannoli, tiramisu, and some traditional Italian cookies. Everything looked exquisite but my wife, predictably, went for the caramel cheesecake.I, however, directed my attention at the gelato bin that contained about 10 different flavors. I went directly for the mint chocolate (my weakness) but there was chocolate, limoncello, blood orange, some coffee flavor, and some others. All were beautiful rich colors but the mint was all mine.Both desserts were fabulous. There is a need for a traditional Italian pastry deli in downtown and there is definitely a need for a gelateria. This fills both needs and is a short stroll through the Coronado neighborhood from the light rail. La Piccola Cucina also serves sandwiches for the lunch crowd at around $7 or $8 a piece and they sound wonderful. This place is highly recommended and will positively see our business again.
4	Had the $9.95 meal deal. Picked a main dish and two sides. Generous portions of everything was given. I had the Pork, grilled zucchini and potatoes. Everything was seasoned well, the prok was juicy and flavorful. It was enough for two whole meals. The sandwiches looked good and the pastries looked devine. Am determined to make it back there soon. Great place for lunch, and near a great historic neighborhood to go walking around when finished to make up for all the tasty goodness in your belly.
4	I was in the area and already tried Coronado, Americas, and Stacys so next on my list was LPC. The concept is cool, it keeps me eating the right amount of protien, veggie and starch. The food choices were good. I went with Meatloaf, Asparagus and cous cous. I liked the meatloaf. Tender, good flavor, just not hot (temp) enoughThe asparagus was good, tender but not mushy, just a bit too much oil.The cous cous was really good. I liked the nuts in it. Over all I liked LPC. I would like a better drink selection as I was confused and ordered water. lolThe patio is nice and cozy except for the cars whizzing buy and the TASC patron/clients accross the street.
1	I live in the neighborhood and have been very excited about going to this place. But it always seems closed. So finally, when today, my husband said there was a wine tasting I was very excited. We live just down the street really so we walked. We walked in and asked about the wine tasting, which was advertised on the Coronado neighborhood listserv, and received a blind stare from the woman behind the counter. We asked her about it again and she said she would go find out. She went over a large man, who I presume is the owner. He explained to us how the plates work and when we did not jump up for joy over the idea of point out what we wanted to eat he started asking questions. It went like this:Man: You're just scared. You've never had this kind of food.Me: No that is not true. (mind you we are looking at a display of meats, potatoes, asparagus, farfalle pasta salad, some Greek salad and some other pretty normal Mediterranean foods.)Man (getting a little pushy): This is Mediterranean food. You've never had it right?Me: I've had Greek, Turkish and Italian foodMan: Well this is a Greek, Italian and French mix. You are from Phoenix, aren't you?Me: No, actually I was born in Poland.Man: Yeah, but you've only lived here in Phoenix.Me: No, I've lived in Washington, DC and  Portland, OR.Man: Well, all the Polish people who have tried my food loved it. At this point I am annoyed. Really annoyed. This is pretty much like saying: All the Americans that have tried McDonald's love it. Plus, how many Polish people are there really in Phoenix. And has he insulted them as well??? No offense to anyone who had not traveled or lived outside of Phoenix, but who gives this man the right to judge me about anything. I have traveled and have tried other foods. Lets assume for a minute that I have not had these experiences, well I would probably not want to try Mediterranean food at La Piccola Cucina  All I wanted was to eat at his restaurant. Instead, my husband and I pretended to look at the gelato ( and yes, I do know that is Italian ice cream) and when the man went into the kitchen we left.We walked about a block North to Lisa G's Wine Bar, which if you have not tried you really should. This place is always friendly, the food is fantastic and when they have wine tasting or specials they are aware of them.
2	I just wasn't impressed with this place. My lack of enthusiasm has little to do with being narrow-minded about food or being unable to appreciate small/local businesses. I point this out because it seems like a lot of other reviewers think that anyone who doesn't like this place (or the owner) is an unsophisticated country bumpkin or a chain restaurant freak. Well, I like to think I have a pretty open mind when it comes to food and the ability to differentiate between food that is well prepared and food that falls a little short. On top of that, I love supporting local businesses that bring something new to the table. Given all this, I really wanted to  like La Piccola Cucina, but was surprised (and a bit disappointed) when it didn't turn out to be everything I had hoped for. I tried this place a few weeks ago with the lovely Kristin S as my lunch date. The historic house was certainly adorable and the patio a wonderful spot to eat al fresco. Also,  the young man who took our orders was really polite and helpful, but the food was just not very good. I'm a big fan of the "tavola calda" (hot food served buffet style with a focus on protein and sides) model and ate at many such places in Italy, but the "hot table" at La Piccola Cucina was not so "hot." My rotisserie style chicken was incredibly dry. The skin was also overcooked and a bit flavorless.  I also tried a piece of Kristin's chicken breast and found it to be dry. The eggplant side was flavorful but so oily I felt a little queasy after eating it. The roasted zucchini side was cooked to the right texture but had a strange, almost sour, flavor to it. At a certain point in our meal, the owner came by the table and asked how we were doing. He noticed I hadn't eaten much of the chicken and asked if everything was ok. I said that I wanted to be honest and that I had found my chicken to be dry. He apologized in a way that wasn't all that apologetic and asked me if I wanted another piece of the same chicken. Confused by the offer, I declined and just said we'd come close out our tab. He didn't say anything else. I was definitely disappointed in the food, but I was even more disappointed that the owner didn't truly seem concerned that I had had a sub-par meal. If your food is incredible, then feel free to cop the "only an imbecile could dislike this" attitude. Otherwise, remain open to feedback and constantly strive to deliver a consistently good product. In my humble opinion, that's what makes for a good local restaurant that sticks around in the hard times. I'd be open to coming back here and trying a sandwich at some point, but jumping out my seat to go back here, I am not.
4	My experience at La Piccola Cucina was great.  Dining in this cute little house turned restaurant was charming and the food was tasty too!  For only $12.95 I was able to pick out one meat and two sides.  After much debate I picked a steak, butternut squash, and couscous and I enjoyed every bite!My friends and I stayed a while talking and ended up in a conversation with the owner who proved to be very passionate about food and food history.  It was a fun experience and I'd love to go again!
2	The setup of the place draws you in and makes others jealous that you live in Coronado. More patio restaurants please! The gelato and coffee combo is a winner, but the sandwiches are too much of a good thing.  The food is of a good quality, but when the peppers and meat are layered on in a way that puts any New York deli to shame it's toooo much!  Along with the oil, etc. it makes for a very undelightful experience.  I enjoy the good stuff in manageable, less wet, proportions so I am not slapped in the face with one item, but can enjoy every part of a sandwich simultaneously.
5	Wonderful ambience, great food, friendly service. I loved selecting my entree and sides from the glass case. First time I've ever had gelato-how did I live without it? And the coffee was great.I've been there twice, both time with groups. We phoned ahead, they saved us the back room, and we had a meeting over the meal.
4	I adore La Piccola Cucina.  I love it on so many levels.  The food is fantastic, the location is great, the owners are awesome people, and they have some great imported items.When we first came here I was a little weirded out by the way everything was displayed, already cooked.  The owner kindly explained everything to us in his big booming voice.  Once I got the idea, I promptly ordered myself meatloaf along with the potatoes and orzo.  YUMM!  The meatloaf was incredible.  Hands down, it is the best meatloaf I have ever tasted.  Even the husband like it, and he doesn't like meatloaf.  The potatoes were well seasoned and quite tasty.  I'm not really sure what orzo is supposed to taste like, but it sure was good.  I got a pomegranate soda to go along with my meal and it was delicious imported stuff.After a bit of eating the owner came by and sat down to chat with us.  Usually I hate when managers/owners come by and bug me for extended periods of time.  In this case, I loved it.  The guy feels like family, like my great uncle or something.  He's so incredibly passionate about food that it amazes me.  One time we were there he was talking about this amazing vinegar that he had imported and he was so excited about it that he cracked open a new bottle just to have us smell it.  I love that guy.  Hopefully you will be lucky enough to happen upon him singing opera sometime.I'm so glad to have La Piccola close by.  It truly is a wonderful place and a wonderful experience.  I feel bad for the girls who came here and didn't have such a good time, I really hope that it was just an off day for them.
1	It's located in an old house on 7th St. in the Coronado area.  Patio is awesome and has a slight European/Spanish feel to it.  The food in the deli looked appetizing and gourmet.  I ordered the prosciutto sandwich and my wife had the sirloin.   The bread was quite good and appeared to be made on location.  The prosciutto was decent.However the sirloin came out bloody at first which the owner admitted before even placing on our table.  It is supposed to be medium, per his admission, so we were confused why he even brought it out.  When my wife asked him about this he leered at her and said he knew what "medium meant", and then took it back to the kitchen.  Before this he talked to her rudely when she was looking for the restroom.  The restrooms are labeled in Italian which my wife speaks, along with French, Spanish, and English.  She paused in front of the door to adjust her purse and the aforementioned owner told her "that's right, it means ladies room in Italian", in a tone you would take with a child.  After the sirloin issue, my wife and I just stared at each other in disbelief at the audacity of this fat, bad mannered, self righteous man.When the sirloin came back out it was cooked properly but lacked flavor.  The bread was the only thing worth eating on the plate.The server who took our order was this prissy guy who lacked not only personality but any sense of being helpful.  I don't know if the owner is trying to create this New York/European "poor service because we can" atmosphere but, please, that doesn't fly here and anyone that thinks this is acceptable must have very low self esteem.  You can't talk to customers like that, I don't care how good your food may be, and in this case it was mediocre.And to clarify, I hate chain restaurants, always try to support local business, and know good food and service when I experience it.  So it's not that I "don't get it".  I will never return to this restaurant and implore you not to go here either.  Oh, and if you are the owner, rest assured I will be scathing your restaurant on other review websites along with telling every single person I know how rude you are and how mediocre your cooking is.  I promise you will make less money because of your behavior towards my wife.
4	This place is just what I needed to cure a bad case of being homesick.  Mr. Pappas (the owner) is awesome and really knows his food history.  He is a joy to listen to and his restaurant rocks.  On my first trip I had the sauteed spinach with a squeeze of fresh lemon...HEAVEN....just like my Dad used to make.Love the idea of creating your own entree from the display case of protein, veggies and carbs from which to choose.  The mandarin orzo is so tasty, I could make a meal of just that.Looking forward to dining there again soon.
4	After driving my friend to pick up his car at a friend's house in CenPho he offered me dinner and directed me to La Piccola Cucina. I arrived first and was greeted by the owner who showed me how things worked in introduced me to the day's selections. The space is nice. I like the layout. The patio is nice too, though we ate inside. I ordered a chicken breast with sun dried tomatoes and artichoke hearts in olive oil, with a side of grilled zucchini, and a side of orzo. My dinner companion ordered roasted turkey, a zucchini and egg fritter, asparagus. Like another reviewer, I was a bit confused on the drink service and I ended up choosing delicious, but too expensive and large, bottle of Orangina. He had green tea. Food presentation was nice, and service was prompt. I really liked my food. I felt that my chicken was a bit cold, and I felt awkward about asking for it to be warmer. I think my only other complaint was that it was really hard to cut this big skinless chicken breast with those crappy cheap food service knives. Again, both of these could have been resolved easily, but I honestly felt a little awkward and overwhelmed by the owner and his going on about restaurants and patrons that don't know good food. To be fair, this was brought up by my dinner companion and Andy engaged only after Sam started it. But being new to the place, I felt weird so I just ate. The zucchini was grilled perfectly with garlic and light oil. Not at all greasy or overcooked. The orzo was killer with cherry tomatoes, wilted spinach, and feta crumbled throughout. Sam said his turkey was a bit on the dry side this time, but he still really liked it. His asparagus was cooked tenderly, and he really liked the zuccini fritter. Andy noticed Sam hadn't been given lemon to go with his fritter and corrected that right away. Sam commented it really was outstanding and the lemon was great. For dessert we both had gelato. He had tiramisu flavor and I had Nutella (chocolate hazelnut). Awesome! Two dinners, my big ass Orangina, green tea, and two gelatos ran us $42 which I thought was a little expensive. However, fresh food not served in swimming in oil or microwaved to death can be hard to come by this fast. It wasn't crazy expensive, but I felt it added up quick if our plates were only $13 each. I recommend it more for lunch than dinner. I really like the food and the choices. I felt good and felt nicely full after eating. Great feeling!
5	Italian food made right! Small parties are more comfy than large, and please don't leave without ordering the gelato.
4	We heard about the place from a friend. He met us there at 6P on a Friday. Usually in Phoenix, ya got to stand in line. No line, just the smell of garlic from the parking lot. So far, so good. We were met by the owner at the door. He explained what he had and we sat down and cruised thru the menu. We 3 had a variety pac from the options available to taste a bit of everything. Food was tasty and well presented with ample portions.  Owner spent 30 minutes with us chatting about the history of food. Good lesson. Bottom line, I LOVE Mediterranean. He does it WELL. Hope he doesn't have lines out the door when it starts to cool down. We'll be back with friends MANY times.
4	Reasonably priced place for a good, healthy dinner.  The atmosphere is quaint and cozy and the food is pretty good too!
4	What's not to like about this place?-Good service and a very affable owner?  Check-Great food, particularly sandwiches?  Check- Good price?  Absolutely-Charming location?  Almost  (7th St can be a little hectic at 5pm)A great and unique spot that has earned a place in the nice  diverse quilt work that is the CENPHO dining scene.
3	We read the reviews and went with an open mind. "Eh" is about as good a review as I can give to this place. I think you either love the owner or don't. I did not. Too much yacky yacky and he spent way too much time defending the cold case food area before we ever spoke. The sirloin was flavorful though on the rare side. The Greek potatoes were so-so. Chicken was blah. Eggplant dish good. Green beans nah. The gelatto was delish - not made here however made locally. We sat outdoors and the Saturday evening traffic was a bit much. The waiter kept forgetting to re-fill water and bring utensils, napkins, etc. $12.99 for a main dish and two sides. Portion was good. A soda from the cooler was $3.50. I think the gelatto was around $3.50. It added up for the three of us. We may go back for gelatto.
5	We loved this place. We went just the two of us and were blown away. We initially were going to go to the little burger joint across the way but decided we wanted something a little more special. We split a dinner for an easy 12 bucks (but the serving is perfect for one.. we wanted to assure room for dessert!) We were walked over to the food area and everything was described to us. I don't eat meat, but tasted a little of the prime rib that my fiancee chose and it was fantastic. The Orozo was unlike anything I have tasted and the asparagus was fantastic. The owner took time to enlighten us with the history of mediterranian culinary culture. This may have seemed excessive at times, but we both decided that it only added to the authenticity of the establishment. All in all, great food, great vibe, exactly what I would want from such a place ;)
5	Love this place!!!  I live in Washington and it is a first stop every time I come to Phoenix. Brought Mom 2 years ago and she still raves about the meatloaf! The food is out of this world. Every thing I have tried has been wonderful. I will be back and not soon enough!!!!
4	This place is seriously a hidden gem. And you can't NOT love the fact that it's a family business, where Andy, his wife, and his daughter all work to make you as a guest very happy and very full. But the best part is that I got to talk to the owner Andy about gluten free. He said the majority of his dishes (pastas aside obviously) are gluten free, because they are cooked with the traditional olive oil and Mediterranean charm. I had the roasted pork (with rosemary), the zuchinni with olive oil and garlic, and their greek salad. Everything was amazing. Other friends that dined with me had the pita sandwiches, the chicken, ratatouille, and couscous. Their pricing is pretty good - $9.99 for the entree (a protein and two sides) and $5.95 for a pita which comes with a side. But top this all off and earn a four star review? HAD TO BE THE GELATO! This is awesome gelato, 8-10 different flavors. Even the iced tea was flavorful (cranberry black tea). I'm certainly coming back, and anyone looking for a small and friendly place - that happens to offer legit Mediterranean food that's gluten free - PLEASE go here.
5	The food and service were both amazing. I've had the gyro pita, orzo and greek potatoes. All were fantastic. Try the gelato also. It's the best in town! The owners are very friendly and happy to speak with each customer.
4	Really enjoyed my meal here. When you walk into the small home, you're greeted by a cooler with all of their different foods on display and you order at the counter. There is no signage explaining how this works, so when you do the normal process of ordering then walking to the register, you'll be told to pay when you're finished. I had a tremendous panini which was part of their lunch special and included a freshly brewed iced tea. The quality was seemingly very good and I was really enjoying myself. I then asked the owner how he pumped out the food so quickly and why I could see them putting premade food in the microwave. He was both arrogant and defensive, understandably so on the defensive part. He insisted he is using a turbo chef and that the food is only 60% made so whatever. It was tasty, QUICK, and quality.I'll go back again for take out on the way home. I'd say lunch and take-out are what it;s good for.
4	I'm rather conflicted on this place. So far, I've gone three times. The first the food was absolutely amazing. It came out dish by dish and was incredible. Not only hot and fresh but mouth watering. This is when the owner was there, and he was chatty but distracted by a sports game on. We were the only people in the place so service was directly from him and quick. The second time I had take out, it sadly wasn't as good but I figured it was because I took it home and shrugged it off. (owner wasn't there that time)The third time I went the food was luke warm, and wasn't as impressive. I'm thinking its a hit or miss based on if he is there. More on the owner, he was really nice to us, very passionate about his food and love of food. I could see where he might have come off as arrogant at times but it wasn't anything that bothered me. I preferred him to the girls working the 2nd and 3rd visit..at least with him our food came out great. I'll be back to get another impression since its unclear if my first experience was a fluke or the other times were.
4	Why a missing star? it is a bit of a shocker to chose your food from a cold stand. That killed the magic of thinking they are actually preparing it all. Flavor is ok and owner was concerned that everybody got what they asked. We were offered 3 wine bottles for the big group, which came as a PLUS.I had the turkey with ratatouille and zucchini. After that, several people ordered gelato and despite they have funny colors, they taste good.
5	Why was I not introduced to this place sooner?! A little old house in Coronado is the perfect spot for this chic restaurant. I love supporting mom and pops!Being vegan, I always worry about what my menu options are. So, when I find a place with tasty vegan options, I'm all for yelling from the mountaintops! La Piccola Cucina has wonderful options for people with common dietary restrictions (gluten-free and vegan options). I ordered a sandwich with roasted eggplant, sun-dried tomato, fresh basil and balsamic reduction drizzle on ciabatta bread. The sandwich normally comes with mozzarella cheese, but I got it sans cheese. It's pure heaven in your mouth.They have refreshing iced green tea, along with a great selection of wines. I ordered blood orange sorbet and it was to die for. I think I am going to plant a blood orange tree, just so I can try to make some of it at home! There are tons of gelato flavors, with at least a couple that are dairy-free.The portions are big, the food is flavorful and the prices are extremely reasonable. Andy, the owner, is awesome. He is always checking in to see how patrons are doing and is very personable. You can tell his life's passion is food. And, thank god for that! I've been now twice this week and hope that more people try it.  I just ate there last night and I already crave more....
5	I was a little worried I wouldn't like this place from reading reviews but I was pleasantly surprised. Yes, you order your food from a refrigerated display and maybe they microwave it (there is a full kitchen so I doubt it) but I really don't care! The sandwiches were awesome! I ordered the sirloin sandwich which had caramelized onions, delicious gorgonzola and roasted tomatoes on a ciabatta. Seriously delicious! My boyfriend got the prosciutto, mozzarella and roasted peppers. Again, seriously delicious! We ordered a side of orzo. The orzo was average but still quite good. I so wanted to have some gelato for dessert but we were too full from our sandwiches.I guess the owner wasn't there because no one bugged us during our meal except to refill our iced teas.I love this place and can't wait to go back, my mouth is watering just thinking of that sandwich!
3	This is a small family business that is incredibly charming.  Parking can be a nightmare, but the deserts make it worth the hassle.  The first time I went to La Piccola Cucina was for my birthday a year ago.  Walking in there's a display case filled with the different food they offer.  You get to choose your combo and they'll prep the food and bring it over to you.  The food was ok, but what I really liked about this place was the fun owner (who sang happy birthday to me and it made me blush) and the drool worthy desserts that they offer.
4	Excellent food, great patio and friendly staff.  Couldn't ask for a better lunch spot and you definitely get your money's worth and more!
5	The owner, and chef came out and talked about the menu. Sat with us for a few minutes after the meal to chat and see how we liked it. Very personable guy. Don't be thrown off by the deli style setting and informal dinning areas, the food is good, and the service is even better. It looked like some of the food was prepared earlier and set in the refrigerated display case. It didn't affect taste at all, it did help speed the prep time. Ultimately I would go back again. I was pleasantly surprised.
2	I had the prosciutto sandwich, and it was delicious. That's all I'm going to say about the food. Dude, the service...it sucked. I am low maintenance, and am equipped with low expecations to match, and it still sucked. All I need is a smile and maybe, I don't know, a polite greeting of some kind, and I am satisfied in the service department. Totally didn't happen here. The restaurant, per its website and posted hours, opens at 10:00 AM. I can't imagine anyone actually goes there that early, but, okay. It's when they open. Now, as anyone who has worked downtown for more than a week knows, if you want to go somewhere and get in and out and back to your desk in a manageable amount of time, you need to adjust your lunch time aim - shoot for 11:30, or shoot for 1:30. Anything in between will only bring you lines, misery, and a bitch of a time parking...especially on 7th Street. So, I mosied on over to La Piccola Cucina at exactly 11:20...an hour and twenty minutes after they opened, mind. I walked in, and was greeted by a scowling, irritated-looking girl at front counter in a hot pink sweatshirt and super tight black pants, (the owner's daughter, I was able to ascertain from newspaper clippings posted on the restaurant walls). She looked at me and said, in a very put-upon tone...are you ready for this..."Yeah? What do you need?""Yeah? What do you need?" You're working at a restaurant...it's 11:30 at this point...I've approached the counter to order...and you're copping an attitude like you can't possibly imagine what I would be doing there? Right. Keep on keepin' on, girl. DIVA FOR LIFE!I said, "Um...I'd like to order something to go..." No menus are to be seen...I later discovered that the sandwich menu is posted on the wall somewhere, but this wasn't pointed out to me. Good thing I read some Yelp reviews before I went, so I had some idea of what was available...oh, PS - the gelato cases and the food cases were empty. Totally empty. Avoiding eye contact with me, she fumbled with a bunch of papers by the register, still looking completely annoyed by my existence,."Uh, we're not even really OPEN yet." I look behind me at the clock on the wall, and the front door that is propped open all the way. I had no idea how to respond to that, so I didn't. Just awkwardly stood there till she took my order. I ordered the prosciutto sandwich, no wilted greens. Of course, it came with wilted greens, which would be forgivable if I hadn't been treated like a leper. While I was waiting, another couple came in and was helped by the owner's wife...food/gelato cases were still empty, and she wasn't super friendly, but she at least acknowledged them as human beings and pointed out where the menus were.The owner, so often immortalized in Yelp reviews as a loud, friendly, brusque gentleman, just kind of lumbered around the restaurant, frowning, without a smile or word for anyone.My sandwich was awesome, but there are too many other mom-n'-pops downtown to even bother giving business to a place where the staff cops an attitude. Really and truly. Sucks for them, because I'm the kind of person who goes back to a place over and over again, and tries everything. I tell my friends and family, I write nice reviews on Yelp. In this case, several co-workers wanted to know where I got my sandwich from, and I lied. Sorry, guys. Attitude matters.
1	I absolutely never give a bad review. The only time I give a review is if I like it. But I had to for this one because of the owner Andy who was a pompous jerk. We tried to be friendly and he was arrogant about his cooking skills. He went on that he used to have a cooking show etc. When asked if he did the cooking he went on about he teaches the people that work for him to cook. It was like it was beneath him to cook. No wonder his little show never made it big.  I give this place 1 star because of the ambiance and because of the fabulous gelato and fabulous cappuccino and the owners wonderful daughter. We went there because of the groupon coupon we bought. They were overwhelmed to the point of being rude. Especially the owner, Andy. It seemed like they needed to staff accordingly. They were upset because people did not make reservations and just showed up. While we were there , quite a few people walked out. Its not that they were packed either. 1st of all, we tried calling several times and the phone was busy continuously. You'd think at this day and age they would have voice mail or something. 2nd you make reservations for places that are a full service restaurant not a cafeteria style service. This is a place that you look into the cooler and decide what you want that is already cooked. The food was terrible. Now if you do not cook, it may be good for you. Both my husband and I are very creative cooks. The lamb was the worst I have ever had. Dry and absolutely no flavor. Yes and I know my lamb. My husband had the dry turkey. Our son had the dry meat loaf. I think all of them were dry because they were re-heated in a microwave. We do not do that even at home. The side dishes were still bearable.    I would have gone back there for the gelato and cappuccino if we did not have other place I can get the 2.
4	Andy is a card.  Any New Yorker willing to tout the superiority of his gelato to our group via a song is a man worthy of respect.  And yes, the gelato is delicious.  Spumoni = perfect.  Seriously.I hope LPC gets around to roasting their own gyro meat again.  The lamb they've been buying hasn't been the same quality, and you can taste the difference.  However, if enough of us ask, maybe he'll start roasting in-house again!  It's worth it, trust me.This is a great lunchtime spot, and yes, the owner (Andy) is polarizing.  But if you've an open mind and a discriminating sandwich palate (as I do), then you really can't go wrong here.  Oh, and now they're serving beer & wine - before it was BYOB with a corkage.Try the orzo!
3	I went here today with a co-worker for lunch after reading some other reviews and perusing the online menu. I got the Athenian broiled prime sirloin with garlic oil, oregano, dolce gorfonzola, roasted tomatoes and caramelized onions on ciabatta. It was pretty good, although a bit dry. I also noticed they only had half of the online items available once I got there which was a little disappointing considering I had my heart on the Italian Cheeseburger. The ambiance is adorable and a good lunchtime spot mid-town. It doesn't fill the gap of Lisa G's delectable sandwiches but I would go back. The gelato did look delicious but I had to pass given the generous portion of steak on the sandwich that filled me up.
3	We got a Groupon for this little place not too long ago and decided to check it out! Parking was a little difficult to find, but that's alright. We had reservations..which was ambiguously handled the staff. We ended up sitting outside and it was great. Andy, the owner, came over and talked to us about the wine list etc. and then a young boy took our order. I was glad we didn't have plans afterward because the service was very slow. The food was fantastic! I loved it and would go back on a day I had a lot of time.
4	Super cute ambiance. We came for take out after prime lunch hour, so it waspretty dead. The girl who greeted us and got our food was pleasant. Because we had never been there, my friend and I did not know how things worked, ie. Where to order, what to order. The girl seemed confused by our confusion. After a few awkward minutes trying to decide, we ordered gyros and sides. We waited for couple of minutes and got our food. The gyro was AWESOME, maybe the best I have had. My side salad was excellent with big chunks of feta and yummy Greek dressing. My only negative comment is the price. The gyro was $6, not bad. $2 for salad. And I had a soda and my bill was $11. $3 diet Coke? Seemed a bit steep.
4	Good local restaurant.
1	My sister and I found this restaurant through Groupon. Our first impression was good... Adorable ambiance, delicious looking case of gelato, large inviting patio.  We were greeted by a sloppy surly man, who we later found out is the owner Andy. We were seated on the patio along with the only other customer.  We started off by ordering a bottle of sparking water. "You guys don't want any wine?!" said Andy abruptly. Uh no thanks.  Next we ordered dinner.  My sister is vegetarian, so we were ordering meatless options this evening.  We ordered a selection of bland, boring, typical food. For some reason Andy seemed confused that we wanted to share a few items.  The food came... Andy dropped it and ran off.  We were sharing so we wanted plates. We waited for a long time. No Andy.  I went into the restaurant to ask for plates and some salt&pepper. Andy seemed confused. "why do you need plates? I don't get it. You eatin it like Chinese food or something?!?" He brought the plates and the salt & pepper and said "You know you really shouldn't put anything on it until you taste it." Thanks for the words of wisdom.  We ate our depressing display of  cuisine in hopes that dessert would help this disaster. We waited, and waited, and waited, and waited some more( Andy was busy sitting at the other customer's table talking all night).  By the time he finally got around to clear our plates we were so ready to get the heck outta there we decided to skip dessert. NEXT CAME THE ICING ON THE POORLY MADE CAKE:I decided to tell Andy how I felt about the poor service.  As a person in the customer service industry, I know I would appreciate the polite constructive criticism.  He was apparently OUTRAGED by the comments. He proceeded to argue with us about every comment we had.  He even went so far as to walk into the restaurant to yell to his co-workers about my apparently salacious comments.  He told me the balance of our Groupon tab was on him. I left cash on the table for it anyway.  He then chased us into the parking lot to try and give the money back.  When I refused he yelled "I don't want this I will donate it to charity!!!" WHAT!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?
1	Yikes, reading other reviews I realize my bad experience wasn't unique. As a server I make a very laid back customer. I like pretty much everything I eat and don't require a lot of attention from the waiter. La Piccola Cucina would benefit from just one extra person in the front of the house. Our guy, though adorable and friendly, was too busy to refill our drinks and to remember to bring our appetizer (though charged us for it). The ahi tuna (highly recommended over the other fish options he said) was so overcooked it was the color and consistency of chicken. Like other reviewers mentioned, he was frantic and made that clear to every customer. At one point I even saw him in the kitchen cooking - they need another person! I left super stressed out from the experience, which is very, very unusual for me. You can either have bad service or bad food, but not both.
5	Awesome food, service,  prices, and atmosphere for lunch.  One of a kind.  Large variety.  Great service.
4	I love this place, it's got charm a'plenty, and chock full of character, its a gem! I love that the owner is now synonomous with the restaurant for me, so much so that when someone mentions la piccola cucina i will immediatly think of his smiling rotund face.
5	WOW, let me tell you! Travis and I had one of the best dates Friday night and it all started at La Piccola's! Friendly service take us 'to the best table in the house' and at first I thought they were just joking around, but they bring us into this cute little room and seat us in a window seat next to a fountain glowing with simple lights. We ordered the Hummus appetizer - it was served with warm pita pieces. It was full of flavor and deliciously combined with baba ganoush. YumThen we moved onto dinner, I ordered the Turkey Roast with Raspberry Pepper Sauce - WOW! The turkey was tender and full of flavor, but not over-spiced. The combination of flavor when I used the Raspberry Pepper sauce was incredible. My Greek salad was amazing with the home-made dressing and the grill asparagus were perfect.To top it all off, we ended the evening's dining with some Gelato. The food, service, and ambients was as good as it gets for me!You can tell everything is home-made because at the end of my meal, I was full and well-fed but not bloated or weighed down by grease and salt. La Piccola Cucina has become my newest favorite in Italian restaurants and I'm excited to go back and try something new.
5	Yeesh, some of these reviewers make me embarrassed to be an avid Grouponer.  Here's a tip - if you are basing your eating out based on where you can get a steep discount, you probably aren't paying enough to deserve to be treated like royalty.  Yeah, Andy's a weirdo from New York who likes to tease.  I don't doubt that he's a bit overbearing and rude sometimes.  Bring a couple chill pills and enjoy your food.Anywho, I've always gotten great food here.  Its a great place for lunch, but only if you aren't in a hurry.  The counter is a bit misleading, as your entree will probably get prepared fresh.  The food is much better quality than what you pay for it, but you gotta wait for it.  The sandwiches are the bright spot for me - I've had just about all of them, and they're all top-notch.  Creative flavor pairings.  Juicy, well-seasoned meats.  Decadent cheeses.The sides are pretty good, too.  It's easy to figure out something if you're a veg, too, with more than just starches or cheese-drenched veggies on display.
4	My wife and I had a great dinner here on Thursday night. The sundried tomato bruschetta was delicious and the caprese salad did not disappoint - slightly sweet and savory. I did wish the tomatoes were a little more ripe though. The roasted lamb entree was very tasty with a spicy yogurt sauce that was killer. Dessert was amaretto mousse cake perfectly paried with some Disaronno - this really capped off the whole meal.All in all, we had a great dinner and Andy was very accommodating and friendly. He joked about the fact that people thought he wasn't but I think he proved otherwise. He sat down and talked with us about the dishes but didn't intrude on our dining experience - I think an authentic Italian/Greek meal with some Brooklyn charm. I recommend checking it out!
5	I went there for lunch on the weekend.  They weren't busy.  So I don't know what to say about service issues others have faced... if you are going for nighttime, it may be different.I'm giving 5 stars because we thought the food was extremely good, and frankly, cheap for what you get.  Therefore, outstanding value.  One of the better values we've discovered recently.We had a couple appetizers and two entrees (sandwiches).  The standout in my opinion was the steak sandwich, which was probably the best steak sandwich I've ever hard.  With perfectly cooked, juicy pieces of meat and a zesty Gorgonzola cheese.For desert, my wife had gelato, I had a cannelloni.  What made the cannelloni so good was it was stuffed "just in time" so that the shell was super crisp and light, and the cream inside cold and good.  Perfection compared with most places, where the shell absorbs the moisture.I'll be back.  I do think it's more of a casual deli kind of feel, but in a really cool neat restaurant and for the price and the quality of food, I really felt that 5 stars was warranted, and I don't give out a ton of those.
2	I really don't know how anyone can be impressed with this place. The ambiance is actually pretty cheap and contrived. And while I've heard it's a pretty decent place for lunch, I can't recommend it for dinner. To start off, we ordered the feta bruschetta which I thought was actually tasty but my friends thought it was too strong. Then came our entrees. 1.Chicken Provencal with Greek potatoes--good.2. Bistro beef tenders with Greek potatoes and asparagus. My potatoes were decent but not great, the asparagus was cooked perfectly. The beef tenders were horrible--the meat seemed like it had been BROILED...totally lacked flavor. I didn't finish it.3.Lastly my other friend ordered the tuna. Having worked the industry for years and owned a deli at one time. she remarked that she could tell the ingredients weren't  fresh. After one bite, she refused to finish it. She politely asked the waiter for the Provencal Chicken. What was brought instead was a reheated lunch panani chicken breast. If you want ambiance go to Coronado Cafe down the road or better yet House of Tricks, Cibo. If you want quality food; fortunately the Phoenix area has many other places that out do La Piccola Cucina in price and quality. Luckily for us.
5	I had stopped in La Piccola Cucina for a cup of tea a couple of months ago and have wanted to go back ever since.  Finally last night we decided to try a night out and were not disappointed.  The owner really knows his stuff and is dedicated to the traditional food he loves.   I didn't love the beef that I ordered, but the horseradish it came with was amazing, and I only ordered it for variety.  My boyfriend ordered the leg of lamb, and our friend ordered the shrimp santarini - both were amazing.   The meat portions were smaller than a lot of popular places but appropriate, and the sides were bigger and delicious!  This is my new favorite spot!
3	I had lunch here, having the Stuffed Pork Arista with a side of Grilled Eggplant and a pastry stuffed with spinach. The pork was good but a bit dry, I would not order it again. The eggplant was amazing, and the pastry was good as well. I have posted pic's of this meal. I had gelato after the meal, which was awesome as well. I would definitely go back, but I would order something else from the menu. It would be nice to go here in the evening and sit outdoors with an appetizer & bottle of wine.
2	I'm a fan of short reviews, so here it goes.  We went to La Piccola Cucina in the evening around 6pm for dinner.  The atmosphere is similar to Cibo's (small house, cozy).  The owner greeted us at the door and asked if we had a reservation, which we didn't because their phone was off the hook.  He called out to someone in the back to seat us.  Since it is summer, we had to sit inside - too hot outside.First off we noticed that this restaurant is poorly managed.  No salt and pepper on the table, two sugar packets and silverware wrapped in paper napkins.  Second, the server (great guy, very nice, only upside of the visit) seemed to be serving and cooking at the same time.  This is a no-no in the restaurant world.  All of this while the owner (a larger man) sat on his butt and did not help his staff.  This screams poor management; which inevitable means poor food.For drinks we got Coca Cola and an ice tea.  They served the ice tea in a plastic glass that you would use for your drink at your home pool. Obviously the owner thinks Walmart-grade glassware is fine for his restaurant; I would disagree.We ordered the brushcetta.  Subpar when compared to Postinos.  Next was the Chicken Romano and the Caprese Salad.  Chicken was broiled and tasted like it was previously cooked and just reheated.  We got asparagus and a greek salad for a side; both of which were fine.  The caprese salad was just 'ok'.  Nothing from either dish stuck out and we felt the food was bland.The check came and we were over charged for dinner.  On top of that they add .50 cents for debit/credit card processing.  Someone should let him know that this is illegal now and is very cheap.  After paying the bill and sitting in the car for a moment, we decided that we would never come to this establishment again and we would write a quick review. If you don't read anything above, read this: when you leave this restaurant you will not feel happy.  I can't pinpoint one major problem, but a lot of little problems add up quick.  I give this restaurant 6 more months.
5	I love this place and am so happy I found it. The food was fresh and flavorful and probably the best mediterranean food I have had outside of Italy! Great atmosphere, tables just like I sat in in the trattorias in Italy. The owner was the nicest man, and actually talked to us throughout the meal and told us all kinds of interesting historical facts. My mom said it was the best gyro she has had and the sausage and peppers were as good as I make and maybe even better :) Can't wait till I am back in Phoenix next month to go again.
5	This was a new place to us and we'll be back.  The waiter, Michael, does not count himself a vinophile, but he asked good questions and "downsold" us into trying the Montepulciano (red).  It was excellent.  We had the feta bruschetta, which was well-complimented by the wine.  My meatloaf was dense, rich and very flavorful.  I chose the ratatouille and falafelle as sides.  My wife and I agreed that the ratatouille nearly stole the show, but the bowtie pasta (which was dusted with parmesan and included a few veggies) was delicious.  Wife ordered the lamb with spinach and greek potatoes.  I'm not a lamb person, but she said it good, not great.  Her sides were excellent, but I enjoyed mine more.  We finished with a piece of cheesecake and espresso.  The cheesecake was better than average, but not the tops I've ever had.  Espresso was one of the best I've ever tasted.  Portions pleasing, but not too much.The restaurent was quiet the night we went, so no surprise the service was great.  The atmosphere was nice, but jeans wouldn't be out of place.  The menu isn't bewilderingly deep, but there's plenty to try next time we go.   Two wines, an appetizer, two entrees, a dessert and tip and you're out the door for under $75.  Considering the tastiness of the food and good service, a good value.  We will both be recommending this to friends.
4	I love this place. I have had dinner there twice now. The owner and our waitress were amazing. The food has been delicious both times. I am in love with this place.
1	The food is cooked in advance and reheated. I've never eaten anything like that before, the pork was 'gamey' (if that's possible, with refrigerator flavor), dry, tough and hard like a shell (like crispy without the crisp) on the outside. Frozen spinach with no seasoning. Asparagus was grilled, then re-grilled to heat back up (dry and over charred). Since I couldn't eat the pork and it was sitting there, the server asked how things were and I said it was dry and tough. He said it was because it was so thin it cooks quickly and that's why. I (not a chef) have grilled pork rollatini's before, and managed to not cook them to death. Regardless, it could not have been cooked from raw, it was beyond just plain overcooked. He offered to replace it with pork souvlaki so I agreed, if it was fresh. It had better flavor but was 70% fat & sinew so I just ate what I could and gave up at that point. After the food was served the server went quiet, I think he knew it was gross. The leg of lamb was a slice of grey/brown and curled upwards at the edges. Canned beets. I don't understand having a restaurant if that's what's served... just sell retail or something if you want to run a business. Don't ruin all that perfectly good food while ripping people off, there's just no point in it. "Passionate owner" my ass, someone who has passion for food would most likely murder anyone who treats it like this restaurant does.
2	I found this place via Groupon and went with a friend for lunch. The building it is located in in very charming and the patio would be great once the weather cools down a bit. Some of the decor inside the restaurant seems a little outdated but overall I found it very charming and cute - in a downtown Glendale kinda way :) The owner greeted us as we walked in and seated us at a small table right by the front door. As instructed by Groupon we informed him that we had a voucher. I asked him how long the restaurant had been open since this was the first time I had been here and he told me that the restaurant had been open for 5 years and that they were very busy and successful. I didn't want to read into his demeanor, but he came across somewhat arrogant. We decided that we wanted to try several of the dishes and ordered the Greek salad, the cheese and ham plate with toasted bread and the prosciutto bruchetta. The food was good and very tasty but the owner and staff are something else. When we placed the order the owner said something like "well you Groupon people order so much because you have a voucher". I was thinking to myself that if he doesn't want "groupon people" then maybe he shouldn't put out a Groupon. Total turnoff. I enjoy trying new places and Groupon is a great way to find them, therefore I will not be made to feel guilty for using one. I would have been back for another try for dinner, but the owner totally turned me off to going back.
2	I just noticed that La Piccola or also known as Andys Place has another online deal, this time on livingsocial. I am puzzled by the thought that this business belittles patrons that use such a coupon and on the other hand keeps promoting them.... What am I missing.
4	This is one of those reviews that I wish I could give a half star to and make it 3.5. I've been teetering on 3 and 4, but I'm going to round up and give it four because I liked everything about this place, I just didn't love everything about it. I like that this is a homey little shop situated in a converted house. I like how they offer counter ordering as well as sit-down dining. I also like how they have an extensive ice cream selection staring at me when I walk inside. The food is decent. The bread is soft, the salad was ok. I got half and half...half Greek salad and a half of the prosciutto mozzarella sandwich based on the raving Yelp reviews.  The Greek salad was pretty tasty but they went really heavy on the dressing. Next time I will ask for it on the side. I liked the bread, vinegar, mozzarella and peppers in the Prosciutto sandwich. I wasn't a huge fan of the Prosciutto though. I found chunks in my Prosciutto and I just wasn't prepared for chunky meat, more the thinly sliced Prosciutto. The sandwich was ok though and I finished it, but I'll probably order something different next time. I know that a lot of the reviews talk about the service, but I thought the service was pretty good! The gentleman working the restaurant is an older man, with a tough East Coast attitude, but he softened up and tried to make light and friendly conversation in his own way. I enjoyed the service and it made me feel like I was in my old Italian relative's home for dinner. This place definitely has character and I'm glad I paid it a visit. It's hard to remember to visit since it's on busy 7th Street and you can easily pass it before you realize you did. But if anything, I suggest you stop in for a homemade iced tea and gelato. The atmosphere is quaint and charming.
1	***************SKIP THIS LOONY BIN****************+++++ Owner or Management yelling at staff member++++++More yelling ..... different staff member   We put our menus down     My Wife, and I walked out        Why would anyone, desire to dine in an asylum ??????My Ethics .... My Standards:Every business starts with one star ..... GETTING MORE .... HAS TO BE EARNED.
5	Every item that I tried was amazing. Owner made it a pleasant environment and he had a terrific voice. A must try in Central Phoenix.
5	I love Andy if you don't get this lovable guy your not human. Here is a guy that has spent his life loving food and trying to pass this on to his patrons. He has been a great radio host for many years with great respect and should be continued to be respected for all his years of service to the community. I have visited Andy's place many times and the food is always a treat for me and my friends. Andy keep up the good works and all the great food. We love you.
5	Very good, my parents favorite spot. Owner is great and friendly, cute environment.
1	My husband and I had dinner tonight.  We purchased a groupon deal for dinner.  We were greeted by the owner asking us if we had a reservation, there were only 3 other couples in the establishment.  We had the Bruchetta for an appetizer and although the bread was excellent, the brochette did not see fresh. I had the Leg of Lamb, which came with 2 sides; I had the Green potatoes and the Greek salad.  My leg of lamb was two pieces of shaved lamb, which was so overcooked it was difficult to eat.  My Greek salad was not good but the potatoes were fairly good.  My husband had the Bolognese meatloaf, which was OK, but the other sides were not very good.  We had Gelato for dessert, which they bring in from a vendor, which was the best part of the meal.  I'm pretty sure this place will be out of business within 3 months.  I would not go back.
4	This restaurant offers such incredible food that it was difficult to decide what to eat. We went there and, after having trouble finding it in the dark, were pleasantly surprised by the atmosphere. Situated in a little house/shop, the restaurants has small tables throughout its rooms, and serves delicious food with no fluff. Everything was great without all the fanfare that sometimes accompanies Italian restaurants. We will definitely be returning and tasting many different things on the menu.
5	Awesome!  Pear dessert is off the chain!  Owner is a trip!  We loved it:-)
5	Just had a fabulous lunch on the patio complete with stories about New York City from the restaurant's owner. Started off with a brushetta sampler followed by muffalatta and meat loaf sandwiches. And the owner concocted an amazing dessert just for us. Felt like we were eating at an Italian bistro in NYC. Great place!
2	This is one of those places that's hit or miss depending on when you're there.  Unfortunately there's no way to predict when it will be a hit.  The first time we were there was on a sweltering Friday evening.  The food was great, the service was good and the AC was cold.  What more could you ask for.  The second visit was on a Thursday night and it was about as busy as you would expect for mid-week.  The food was still good, but the service left much to be desired.  It seemed like taking our order was low on our waitresses list of priorities.  And delivering what we ordered was even less important.  We never did get the salads we ordered and the machiotto we ordered with dessert was actually delivered after we had finished.  All I can say is the waitress is absolutely clueless.  Nice hat though.  One amusing aside.  The owner was schmoozing with another table saying he had politicos coming in all the time.  The mayor, the Governor, etc.  I'm thinking 'Yeah, sure pal."  And in walks the Attorney General.  So I gotta give him that one.  The prices are reasonable, and as long as you're not a snob the food is good, but be willing to roll the dice on the service.
3	I am not sure why this place has gotten so many rough reviews. I went there with a few friends last month and enjoyed it quite a bit. Like some have said I think I would rather give it 3.5 than 3 stars, as it was enjoyable just not outstanding. The food was flavorful and nicely prepared, The atmosphere was nice and the owner visited the table while we were there. The service was a tad slow but nothing to get too upset about. Loved the wine selection (a Malbec I think).Overall this is a place that is close to home for me, cost effective and worth a visit now and then.
4	I've always had a good meal here. I'm not sure what there is to gripe about. I think as a Yelper it's important to focus on the food and overall niche that a restaurant serves to it's community.  If you're looking for a red sauce kind of Italian restaurant (lasagna, meatballs, spaghetti) this is not the place for you.  As a matter of fact, not ALL Italian food consist of red sauce dishes.  My suggestion is to attend La Piccola for lunch as there are a plethora of excellent sandwiches.  While you're doing so, sneek a peek at what a potential dinner might look like.  Take some time and speak with the owner, you'll find he's an educated man and takes great pride in his restaurant and  fresh food.
1	They are opened at 11am so we decided to get there at 11:30am.  They were not opened yet.  M spoke to an employee and they said they have been waiting for someone to open the place since 10am.  I did not want to wait because I needed to return to work.  We decided to walk down to try Rice Paper.  I guess next time we will call to make sure they are open first.
3	Sweet.  M and I tried this place for lunch again.  They were OPEN!  We sat on the patio.  It was gorgeous weather.  M ordered the capresse salad, it looked awesome.  The colors of the cheese, tomato, and basil, wow!  She inhaled it.  We skipped the lunch menu and went straight to the dinner menu.  M ordered roast pork arista (stuffed pork tenderloin with fresh herb, garlic, and pancetta with a balsamic reduction), HOLLY SMOKES, it was so GOOD.    I ordered the chicken provencal (1/2 a chicken with skin/bones rubbed with herb de provencal).  It was a little dry but tasty.  The greek potatoes was good but the farfalle pasta was bland.  I had the NY cheesecake (store brought), ok.  M had the cannoila, it was ok too.I would give it 3.5 to 4 stars but the service was lacking.  I got a cup of water with black floats.  My ice tea was only refilled once, so the service was ok.
3	I came here for lunch on a Saturday. The weather was awesome so we sat outside. The patio is really cozy & rustic, but the street noise was constant & pretty annoying. We started with the caprese salad, which was awesome.  Then sandwiches. The sandwiches were good in principle, but very difficult to eat. As much as I love Italian (ciabatta-style) bread, it was way too hard. I'm talking tooth-crackingly hard, and my jaw was tired after just a few bites. Service was notably sub-par, especially since there were only 3 tables at the time. We ordered iced tea and didn't get a single refill (and had to go inside & get sweetener ourselves since the waiter didn't bring any with the tea).  I thought the prices were reasonable (about $7-8 each for appetizer & sandwiches).  All in all, not bad other than street noise & the bread.  And maybe the service.
3	A number of coworkers have raved about this place so we decided to give it a try. Since the weather was beautiful, we considered sitting outside on the patio, but the noise from 7th street is just too loud. Not the restaurant's fault, but sitting so close to a major traffic artery with the noise and vehicle fumes just isn't appealing when dining.The interior is very small, but quaint and appropriately decorated. We enjoyed a nice glass of Malbec before ordering our entrees: Roast Leg of Lamb w/sides of Greek potatoes and Greek salad, and Shrimp Santarini w/sides of roasted beets and Greek salad. The food was good - nothing spectacular. I found it strange that the salad and beets were served on the same plate, and that the beets were cold - I was expecting the roasted beets to be war rm. It was like have beets in a salad, which is OK, just not was was expected. Our waiter described the shrimp dish as being on a bed of sauteed spinach - I'm not sure what his definition of "bed of spinach" was, because I really had to look to find it - maybe one bite worth. But there were a fair number of shrimp, and the dish was flavorful and just the right amount so I didn't leave feeling stuffed. The lamb was OK;  again, nothing spectacular.The service was mediocre. The waiter was friendly, but he never checked back with us after our food was delivered, except to bring our check. There is a fine balance between a waiter constantly bugging the patron and backing off enough to let the patrons enjoy their meals, but the place wasn't busy so I'm not sure why he was MIA.The most unappealing aspect of the evening, though, were the little flying bugs! The owner did happen by our table to see how we were doing and I asked him about them. He said they were fruit flies and they happen about 1 day a year in the neighborhood and then they are gone. He kind of discounted them like it wasn't a big deal. I'm not an entomologist (or fly expert) but I though fruit flies bigger than these little pests - these were really teeny. They reminded me of the flying gnats that potted plants in office's often get. None the less, it is very unappetizing to have these flies/gnats around when you are trying to eat! I would have at least like the owner to apologize when asked about the flies instead of poo-pooing them like they were inconsequential. Sorry, I just don't want to be swatting flies away from my food when eating!All in all, a cute quaint place with good, not great or memorable food. Maybe it's better for lunch. With all the other options available in the area and beyond, I'm not sure it's worth a repeat visit.
1	I will not be visiting La Piccola again. I hate writing this review and I really felt like not writing one at all. I feel like I really need to let this business know where they are falling short. I do want to give a very positive review of our waitress. She was in training, but she was attentive and was our only enjoyment of the night. The two glaring problems with La Piccola:The food: did not taste fresh at all. It was something we all picked up on. My cous cous was overcooked and very bland. My chicken was seasoned well, but not cooked all the way and my asparagus was damn near raw. Let's just say I didn't finish my meal. I am only going to review my meal, but the others in our party were all disappointed. The owner Andy: is definitely not a good front of house. He really should manage in the back. We were treated poorly by the owner, who has a rude and had an arrogant way about him. I didn't touch my cous cous and Andy thought it was because my palate wasn't sophisticated enough. He didn't even think that maybe there was something wrong with it. I think Andy believes his restaurant is earth shattering here in the valley, but in reality it is just another unmemorable place under the sun.
2	WARNING:  If you go into La Piccola Cucina alone--with a coupon worth, say, $30--do NOT expect to get your fair value, because the owner will tell you that you are alone and not getting more than one meal.  Yeah, it happened to me.  I was stunned into silence and not in the mood to argue.  You win the battle but you lose the war, Mr. Owner.Food was well done, but cold.  Yes, I said cold.  Who puts a cold plate of food before you?  Obviously it had been heated but someone didn't get it to the table fast enough, so by the time it arrived it was not hot at all.  I said...at all.  But it was well made so I ate it so fast as I could as I wanted out of there.  Interesting that it was cold because there are only like 6 tables or so there and it wasn't full at all then.And I won't be returning because the coupon thing, frankly, just totally turned me off.  I have used a coupon for much more than one meal at tons of places and this is the ONLY one that just said you aren't getting more than one meal.  Always I get two dinners for my $30 and just pay whatever the difference is (say, the two meals cost $40 so I give them the extra $10 plus tax).This owner surely didn't have a problem asking me to pay the tax on my meal also--guess just making sure he gets every penny out of you he can I guess?This guy is just plain unethical and a rip-off, so decent food or not I'm not going back, I won't be giving him any good p.r. and I am really disgusted in his "ethics."Good luck to all of you that give them business, but it won't be me or anyone I know.(I just wonder how many people came in there at his required hour of after 5 pm and he did this to?)If every business owner pumping coupons out worked like this guy does I'd give him a pass, but he is the only one I've ever encountered like this.  Conclusion:  I am guessing that this place is just barely scraping by.  I will be curious to see if it's here by next year.  Why?  Cause nobody runs coupons and screws the customers so bad like this place does.I'll give this place 2 stars for the quality of the food which is really pretty good--albiet cold in the middle of the meat-- (I didn't say fantastic...but good).  However, not cool treatment of customers rates a 2 star, sorry!
4	Came here last night with a girlfriend for diner to use a Groupon.Small place, very cozy. I want to say, maybe 7 tables inside.But my friend did say there appeared to be a room for larger parties also.Ordered the bruschetta with beans on it... very tasty, but I never like bruschetta, wherever it's from, because the bread is always hard to bite through.When they brought our our meals, they had put her sides on the plate with MY pork, and vice versa. Not a big deal, just had to schooch some things around.Abs had the fish, which was salmon in caper and lemon sauce, with asparagus and ratatouille. She seems to like it until a few bites in when she asked me if it looked like the fish was undercooked in the center. And it was. She asked the server to cook it a little more and she did and brought it back a couple minutes later.I had the pork arista. Was tasty, but perhaps a little dry. i had the roasted beets and the orzo pasta as sides. I really liked the orzo which has sundried tomatoes and feta? cheese mixed in and tastes a little salty,a  little creamy. The beets were great too, but I love beets and am not sure you could screw a beet up.We split a cannoli.  They put chocolate SPRINKLES on it! I hate sprinkles. In fact, i don't like cannoli either, but since she wanted it I decided we should order it. So that said, it was probably a fine cannoli. I'd go back.
1	We will not return.  My husband and I came in at 1 pm with a groupon excited about trying this Italian eatery that is new to us and close to our house. It was 106 degrees outside and there was a man eating his lunch on the patio. After we walked in, we understood why.  We walked in to an empty restaurant with a rather unattractive fat man yelling at someone over his cell phone, obviously in regard to him being ripped off.  Apparently the guy outside would rather endure the heat forsaking the rudeness of the apparent owner of which I have just learned so much about. My husband shows him the groupon. The owner, in a very confrontational and condescending manner, tells my husband about the requirement of a reservation -we are alone- and then says we have to order off the dinner menu and proceeds to tell us that we are only going to spend $30 even...then he hovered over us while we were perusing the menu.  All which was very uncomfortable. Finally, my husband told him we needed a minute and we're not in a hurry. Then when he asked us if we wanted our "bruscCHetta" with the muffalletta (that we were "allowed" to order only if we ordered a dinner item) the owner said it with an Italian accent so we couldn't discern what he said.  He then corrected himself in that snotty manner, "or bruschetta as you like to say." OMG...people who turn the accent on when it comes to Italian food and they don't have Italian accents are a whole different kind of annoying. The food showed up and it was good.  But we sat and practically whispered because the owner was sitting there by us...awkward...then he got on the phone again yelling about those "VAMPIRES! THEY ARE VAMPIRES AND THEY WILL SUCK YOU DRY!". I wish I was kidding. At least he left us alone. I did order the tiramisu. It tasted wonderful. But he ruined that too. I like to savor my food and even admire it before eating it because for me, it's my way of enjoying the moment (something tells me this guy doesn't do that...ever)...he said, "have you ever seen tiramisu before...why are you looking at it?" Then he imitated me as if I was disgusted by the food. Ok. I'm done. No tip. We. Won't. Ever. Come. Back.
5	The best homemade mediterranean Italian food in the valley. Andy generously invites us into his cultural world and feeds us delicious homemade food and sparkling drink.
5	Excellent Italian. Very unique, homey, and quaint atmosphere. Authentic cuisine and character that are all too rare in the valley.
1	That this place has more than one star on average leads me to believe that there are many, many, many people in Phoenix who were born without tastebuds. Let's start with the positive- La Piccola is cute and clean. Both of those are important. So, well done. That earns you the one star that Yelp says I have to give you in order to leave a review. Because, trust, little Piccola, if I could have given you negative stars, I would. My business partner and I came after work today to have a little strategy meeting and take advantage of the Living Social deal she purchased worth $30. She was told when she called that she had to make reservations and that the Living Social coupon couldn't be used for the happy hour prices on appetizers. Okay, fair enough. We headed on over after making our reservation.Reservation? ARE YOU SERIOUS, PICCOLA? We were, save the staff, the only ones there. During "happy hour". This should have been our first clue. The very snarky server greeted us with "Oh, are YOU the ones that called with the coupon?". Awesome! Nothing like making us feel like losers because we had the nerve to purchase a deal that you offered. After being seated and given water, our waitress disappeared. We waited for almost 20 minutes waiting for her to reappear. She didn't. My business partner went to track her down and she came back, five minutes later. She rolled her eyes, and with a sour face begrudgingly took our order. She was flat out rude and it set the tone for our whole experience. We ordered the cannelini bean bruschetta, hummus and baba gannhouj, and the ham and cheese appetizers. My business partner had a glass of wine and I had green tea.The food here is miserable. MISERABLE! Like, I would rather eat my own eye than have another forkful of food from this place. The ham and cheese, which is billed as swiss cheese and some exotic ham from the special pigs of the region of blah blah blah,  tasted like canned ham and chopped up grocery store cheese. The honey mustard is straight out of the McDonald's drive though. The bruschetta was overly vinegary and the beans were weird in texture. Definitely from a can, as they had a tinny quality. The hummus was bland and absolutely drenched in olive oil. It was topped with three of the squishiest olives known to man. Speaking of, how DO you mess up an olive? The physics of this flummox me. But, the worst of all....the baba gannhouj. We have both had this on several occasions in our lives and this? This was a hot mess. A weird, gross, salty mess. It had the textural integrity of snot. Again, drenched in olive oil. When we asked for something else, we were given an interrogation worthy of an international  crime and told that it is "an acquired taste". My palate isn't unsophisticated, I know what baba gannhouj is supposed  to taste like (even if I can't spell it). What it's not supposed to taste like is funky old sweat socks run through a blender. And yet. When we asked to get something different, we were given fresh hummus and questioned more about why we didn't like the baba gannhouj. The fresh hummus? Bland.Slimy. And? Decoratively festooned with a giant, long, black hair. This was, as the waiter told us, "the best hummus in Phoenix". If anything here is the best in Phoenix, then I am the Queen of England and I can guarantee you, no one is calling me "Your Majesty."
4	I had purchased a groupon and then read the reviews on yelp and was not expecting a good experience, but had already spent the money so decided to go.  I was pleasantly surprised.  I had the spinach and feta frittata with a mimosa which were both delicious.  The bread it came with was a bit difficult to chew, but good.  My fiance had a sandwich which he enjoyed.  I also got a cappucino which was also good.We were the only custumers the entire time, but the service was good and she was very friendly.  If I am ever in that area of town, I would not hesitate to stop for a coffee or lunch.
4	Yes, we had a Groupon; no we weren't treated like cheap losers. The one thing I love about Groupon is discovering restaurants we would never have even known existed, but I can't stand it when you mention a Groupon and they act as if you are worthless. This quaint restaurant was definitely the exception, they treated us kind from the moment we walked in the door.We had a brunch Groupon so I enjoyed a Mimosa with the spinach, feta and sun-dried tomato frittata, and my husband tried the sausage and peppers sandwich from the lunch menu. The food was absolutely fresh and delicious. Our server, Jackie, was a doll! She was extremely attentive and funny, telling us brief stories about the owners. There was only one other couple in the restaurant, but who cares.I read multiple bad reviews about this restaurant, but everyone has off days. Not to mention I believe some 'Grouponers' are way too harsh and basically want a 5 star meal for $20. We will definitely be returning!
5	I have been to this restaurant twice, the food is delicious and a good value.  The wait staff is attentive and personable!
2	Meh. Won't go back. There are many other restaurants nearby around the same price point, much better tasting and with friendlier service.
5	Had a great meal with unusual and authentic Italian flavors.  The sun dried tomato bruschetta was great and reminded me of food I ate in Italy with the cannellini white beans! The string beans in red sauce were awesome!  My husband had the meat loaf and said it was delicious!  Definitely will be eating there again.
3	This quaint Coronado cottage restaurant, situated in a home built in the 1930s, offers Italian and Greek fare.  There are roughly a half dozen small and intimate tables, and PAN AM memorabilia covers the walls.  Outside you will find a courtyard with a bubbling fountain, inside old hardwood floors that have stood the test of time.It is cozy and intimate, but unfortunately this restaurant, voted "Best Mom and Pop Restaurant" by Phoenix New Times falls short.The dishes are a combination of Greek and Italian, predominated by the staid dishes such as Hummus, Gyro, Caprese, Bruschetta, and a smattering of sandwiches such as the "Prosciutto" with fresh mozzarella and sundried tomatoes. The prices are very reasonable, and the average cost of an appetizer or sandwich is between $6-$8.  But there is nothing remarkable about the dishes.  Having tried the hummus (garlic was overpowering and stung the tastebuds), the Caprese Salad (too heavy on the balsamic), The Gyro Pita (meat was tender and juicy), and the Sausage and Peppers sandwich (very generous portion and handmade fennel sausage very flavorful and juicy) I can't say that I would go out of my way to come here to eat.  Although I came here for lunch, the server recommended I try their Shrimp Santorini sometime for dinner, and he also recommended the Leg of Lamb.  There must be a reason why this restaurant has been here for 15 years, I just happened to find that the most interesting thing about the place was the building itself.And although there was a sizable display case of empty gelato containers, there was no gelato to be had.
5	One of my favorite places to eat is at La Piccola Cucina.  The Italian Cheeseburger is by far my favorite.  It is a quaint little place that I always feel comfortable in and proud to take my clients for some good food and good conversations.  Andy, the owner, is pleasant to talk to and his worldly knowledge of food and life makes it a memorable experience every time!  I love this place.
5	Wonderful family; wonderful food!  I can tell you their Meatloaf Bolognese was so tasty, I could have eaten three portions.  It's a delicious variation on the good old spaghetti n meatballs, but this has a tangy and tasty sauce on juicy meatloaf, served with perfect bowtie pasta.  This is a reason to support your local restaurant!
5	A friend of mine brought me here and I can't thank him enough for doing so. The restaurant itself is very charming. I ordered the fish special. Now, in my opinion it's hard to prepare a fish entree. Not many can do it effectively. But this was the best fish that I can recollect.  It was superb. It was cooked in a white wine sauce with artichokes and capers and it was bursting with flavor.  Not only that but the portion size was perfect. Not too much not too little. Just right.The ambience is great. The staff were very friendly and knowledgeable.  I can't wait to go back for a date. And I just learned that they'll be having live jazz every friday.  Even better!
1	I just had a terrible experience at La Piccola Cucina!I've been to this restaurant several times in the past and enjoyed the home-style cooking.  Needless to say, I was very excited when a voice daily deal came out that allowed me to purchase a $30 food voucher for $15!This place is on my way home from work, so I saved the coupon for a night that I was working late - excited to grab some delicious takeout on the way home.One of the servers was in the middle of taking my order when the owner of the restaurant saw that I had the coupon.  He snatched it angrily out of my hand shouting "this is only good for 2 people dining in - not take out!"  I informed him that this restriction was not stated anywhere on the coupon that I had purchased and he shouted back, "I don't care!  That's the way it's always been!"  In a restaurant full of other diners, the shouting continued until I was embarrassed enough to leave...I just can't believe how completely rude and belligerent he was to me - In my opinion, this is no way to ever treat your valued customers.I will be demanding a refund on my coupon and won't be returning to this restaurant again.
4	I am a big fan of Groupon when it comes to trying new places.  When I first got the groupon, I checked out the reviews and will say it made me a little leery of this owner.    I have to say - don't let those few bad reviews doubt  the greatness of this little eatery. I was greeted immediately by the owner and given a quiet place in the corner - the prices are moderate and the food is good. There were 8 tables - mostly 2 tops so it a great place for a first date. The first thing ordered was a cup of coffee - I will come back for the coffee alone.  I asked what it was and he told me it's from Sicily.  It was yummy!  at 2.50 a cup it's  less expensive than an americano at national chains.The groupon was a 15 for 30 .  This will pay for 98% of the meal for  one person if they have coffee (2.50), and appetizer (7.95), an entree (13.95) and a desert  (5.95) or  two entrees so it's a good deal. I ordered 2 dishes, one for me to have there and one to bring home to my husband.  I ordered the Beef with 2 sides - asparagus and a Greek salad.  When you first get your plate, it will seem like a small portion- mostly salad (yum) (lots of feta (, 4 skinny stalks of asparagus,  My beef was very tender, the salad was great, and the grilled asparagus grilled to perfection.  The meal left me satisfied without feeling overstuffed.  No room for dessert, but I saw some tarmisu being delivered and it looked good. When my husband got his food, it was a little to pesto-y for him, but my daughter liked it.  I was sad that there were Greek potatoes, but no grilled beets - that's my fault for not checking. I have been to the Coronado just one block south and I would say it's comparable but a different feel.  I felt less claustrophobic in this place. even though the other place seems bigger. My server was attentive and made sure I was happy the entire time. So seriously -  if you are dating, go to this place, have coffee and a desert - then if  she's worth it - bring her back for dinner. I would suggest making a reservation as there is limited space.  I was fortunate it was a quiet night with only 4 other people there. The owner is an Italian guy with a New York accent and a  lot of personality - He knows his business, his food, and made me feel welcome.  if he isn't your cup of Joe. . . get your coffee to go.   I would pick this place over several places I have been to even if it is a 30 minute drive for me.  Next time I am dragging my husband here :-)
1	Owner is crazy, actually really like the food there (veggies that is), but won't ever go again.  I've never felt so uncomfortable or offended as I did the last time I visited this place.  I could write a book about this experance, but really is there a need?  Clearly I'm not the only one.  Owner was rude.
2	It's all been said in the other reviews so I won't reiterate the information about the owner/host etc....while the food wasn't bad, the whole experience was bizzare-o.
2	I really wish I could give the LPC a better rating, but it would not be justified. This tiny and super cute restaurant is only about a mile away from me and because of such I have been here about 5 times. Although I could give the restaurant a 3 star, maybe even a 4 star rating on a good day, it is everything else that falls short. I have tried the sandwiches and vegetable variety plate and actually found them both to be flavorful and fresh tasting. However, the service is just...awful. And the most recent time, I would say the service fell short due to the owner and not the waitress. While the waitress seemed new, she was super friendly and attentive. Well, as attentive as she could be with the owner calling her to the back to....? Not sure....I am sure she was helping plate/cook/something, but that would leave the 6 tables or so of diners unattended. The time before we were waited on and served by the owner. He seemed nice enough but also had to keep tabs on the back of the restaurant and would be MIA for long periods of time. There is no way that anyone with an hour lunch break could eat here and realistically make it back to work on time. Finally, I have a hard time using the Groupon vouchers I have purchased here. The same day Groupon was not accepted because they already reached their limit for the day? Hmmm....Sadly, I will not be giving the LPC another try but I hope they listen to reviews on Yelp and get back on their game:)
4	Decided to go here last night with the girlfriend and couldn't be happier with that decision.  The ambiance was great on the large patio - and when its March in Arizona, finding a table outside is ideal.  My only critique would be that the music from inside was not loud enough to be heard on the patio - not really a complaint, just making note of it.Ordered the feta bruschetta and a bottle of wine to start and was very please with the size of the starter - 4 Large pieces - I could honestly foresee coming here in the future and simply having bruschetta and wine before calling it a night.  Ultimately I decided on the bistro beef with grilled asparagus and roasted beets and she had the leg of lamb with sauteed green beans and greek potatoes.  My entire meal not only came out extremely fast but cooked perfectly.  The beef was a nice medium rare, asparagus with the right amount of crisp - and I'm a sucker for beets, so not hard to please there.  Her order was great as well, but the lamb was just a little more on the well-done side. (honestly the only reason I didn't give 5 stars) However, this could just be a one-off fluke - do to our love of lamb, I'm sure I'll give it another shot the next time around and hope to see a little more pink in the meat.After all that, we still had wine left so we decided to finish our meal with a cannoli and it was just the right amount of sweet.  (Some cannoli's are overly sweet - this one was perfect)All in all, we were really pleased to have made the decision to try this place and I definitely will be back to LPC in the near future.
5	My wife and I have had dinner here several times and each time our meal was perfect. This is truly one of our favorite places to go in the valley to eat.  This is a small Mom & Pop restaurant and the owners are very friendly.  The restaurant is a converted small house with a nice patio to sit out on in front. There are a lot of great things on the menu, from the Sausage & Peppers to the Bolonese Meatloaf.  The Roast Pork Arista and the Ratatouille are two of the best I've ever had anywhere.. Yum!My only complaint is that parking is limited and the place can be a little difficult to find (even though it is right on 7th street). However, do not let this stop you from eating here. It is well worth the trip :)
1	I had a Groupon which stated to call to make a reservation. I planned on using it yesterday but the person on the phone stated that they were booked for the night. So I made a reservation for 6 the next day, the day that the Groupon expired. I was rudely hung up on by the host in the middle of asking if he needed my phone number to go along with the reservation. But I decided to show up anyway, hoping this was not a precursor to what the restaurant was actually like.Needless to say, I showed up at 6. The owner's wife (I assume) greeted me and stated that they would be right with me. There was only one other party in the dining room as I stood at the hostess stand for about a minute before the waitress came from the back. Off course they did not have me down for a reservation, but seated me and then the owner and waitress continued to argue at the host stand regarding the missing reservation.The waitress was very nice. She stated that she had been there for about a year and knew the owners personally. She did the best she could with what she had. The owner apparently had some friends that showed up during service and invited them to the back of the restaurant where I could here him cracking jokes and talking loudly throughout most of the service. I even witnessed people being turned away with a half empty house because they did not have a reservation.As far as the food, the Hummus and Baba Ganoush looked like oily baby food that was not fresh. The salmon was cooked well but had too much pesto on top for my taste. I had to send the dish back because of a hair in the pasta. The new plate came back within 2 minutes. I didn't really touch the pasta upon return as it appeared that they just cleared the "hairy" part of the pasta and put the rest back on the plate. I gave the waitress a good tip only because I felt sorry for her as I feel these are ownership issues, not service. My advice. Go north next door to MacAlpines. Don't bother with LPC.
2	We came here with a Groupon and made a reservation during a weekday. When we came in, there were only 3 or 4 tables seated, yet we were told time and time again how busy they were. We were seated in the back room, closest to the kitchen that was warm and stuffy.. smelling slightly like a nursing home. That was the first put off. The owner is very brisk and there were a few moments during our meal when we felt uncomfortable. We could hear him yelling in the back and when we asked for our glasses to be refilled we got some stern looks. Sorry? Anyway. This place is OK. The food doesn't have great presentation. When I go out, I enjoy it tasting and looking like something I couldn't make at home. This was not the case. We had the bruschetta as an appetizer, $8. That was fine, if not a bit plain and underwhelming.  I ended up getting the vegetarian dinner comprising of 4 sides: roasted beets, greek potatoes, orzo and sauteed spinach. The beets were not roasted, they were from a can. I know this because one of my slices had a can imprint... as in, it was the bottom piece. The best part of this was the greek potatoes. For $14, I would not return.My boyfriend asked to do the dinner option where you choose a lunch sandwich. He was quickly told that that was NOT an option -- that instead the menu means you can have a dinner entree for lunch. That makes no sense and is not how it's shown on the menu, under the dinner section that says *or choose a lunch option for $2 more.. but.. uh... okay? He ended up having the chicken with roasted beets (canned) and israeli couscous. Also $14. Overall, it was a very strange experience. He owner isn't too friendly and since we were here a month ago and were STILL hot, I couldn't imagine how it feels during the middle of the Summer. Thanks Groupon, I tried something new and it was a bust.
4	.... Guess I waited a couple months too long to post, cause it looks like this spot is closed :-/A place I truly want to love, just missing that special something. Overall, I really enjoyed my dining experience here, this is a great neighborhood spot which serves delightful Mediterranean meals. The owner uses his knowledge of herbs, sauces, vegetables, grains, and meats to create healthy, filling, and flavorful food. Our meals tasted as if they were cooked just for us by our favorite grandmother, with love and time; lots of time.Our experience began in a quaint repurposed, home to restaurant conversion that you see up and down 7th street. Not quite tucked away, but easy to blink and miss on the south east corner of oak and 7th. We chose La Piccola Cucina because of a groupon certificate ($15 for $30 or $25 for $50) we went with the $30 after checking out their menu, but if you like ordering appetizers, you'll want to consider the $50.I ordered meatloaf with couscous and grilled zucchini sides - the wife ordered pork roast with okra and Greek potato sides. I loved the meatloaf - probably the best I've ever had, the cous cous, the zucchini, and Greek potatoes were all really good, the pork roast was pretty good - just slightly on the tough side, and I didn't personally care for the okra, but my wife seemed to enjoy it.Our main courses took about 45 minutes to an hour to arrive tableside; which was ok because we weren't gnawing at our fingernails, we used the time to have a pleasent dinner conversation. I would; however, highly suggest ordering appetizers to hold you over while your main courses cook, if you're hungry. The owner was working the dining rooms, which was cool, but it seems they don't have a person just for waiting tables. I think the change that would really step up the dining experience here would be a legit wait staffer, there to refill drinks, bring table bread, suggest appetizers, tell you "that's a great choice" or "maybe you'd want to try this one", etc.I will more than likely be back when in the mood for something other than a "would you like that with fries or a side salad" type meal you get at many restaurants.Happy Yelping Phoenix!
5	I am surprised at reading some of the reviews as I eat at Andy's place often.  The food is so mouthwatering with flavor and the owner is so personal and friendly.  Sometimes I wonder if people on their soap box just bad mouth all mom and pop resturants to look superior to their corporate owned resturants that they are used to.La Piccola Cucina has amazing food and is a very relaxing place to ENJOY your food and wine, not rushed out so your table can be washed and replaced with new people.5 outta 5 stars.
