4	I LOVE French food.. in fact when we travel abroad, me and the Mr always make a point to visit a Frenchie place in another city. So when I got wind of a new French place right here in our own backyard I was stoked! The best part, its owned by chef James Porter, who did amazing job over at the now closed Tapino, so my excitement turned to elation when our reservation was confirmed!So now that I'm home from my dinner with the Mr, I guess I'm slightly indifferent. While they had a strong opening night, it wasn't the service or food per-se but more like the other diners. The dining room is small and extremely intimate with an amazing looking patio, we chose to sit on the inside. The interior is covered in wood, really, the floors, ceiling, walls but nicely contrasted by very stylish crystal chandeliers. I do have to say that I'm sure glad that they chose larger tables for the diners, since you can never have enough space. So there is plenty of room at the table to simply spread out and relax.Service is pretty shiny and have no complaints, in fact our server was outgoing, attractive and knowledgeable. The bar staff was also very competent since both of our cocktails, Bohemian Sidecar ($9) and the Le Matador de Nimes ($9) were mixed perfectly and tasted great, putting us both into great moods until... a 6 top was sat down right next to us.. I know the old saying, you can't choose your family and in this case, you cant choose your dining neighbors either. They were so loud the Mr and I just looked at each other then decided to check email and stuff on our phones. We couldn't even talk which was a real bummer since this was going to be a romantic evening out. Anyway, the food will make up for it, right?Of course I have high expectations.. new Foodiebear rule of life, never have expectations of anyone, or anything or you're going to set yourself up for irritation, heartache and misery. With that being said they were out of f*cking Pate! Can you believe that?! Out of the one thing that Ive been looking forward to this entire week. Opening night, first thing on the menu, first table in the place, out of something. I know, I know, things happen but come on, this is opening night!!!! *Sigh* Ended up ordering the Steak Tartar ($8) and the Mr ordered the Foie Gras ($10). Both were excellent both in presentation, quality and taste. While my tartar wasn't pate, it was still excellent with its fried egg on top and crispy potato crisps. The foie was much like the tartar, deliciously perfect and for the price, major value. In fact all of the food that we ordered was really big, surprising for the price points. Let me tell you what, the Onion Soup ($6) was prefect. In fact Ive never had onion soup that was that good! Perfectly sweet, savory and the right amount of cheese crouton to compliment the soup, not over power it. The Mr liked his Vichyssoise ($6) with it smooth creamy texture and a quenelle of salmon mousse in the center which added a smokey complexity to the soup. Again, the servings were quite large and could have been halved pretty easily. Entrees were a kind of hit and miss. The Mr had the Steak Frites ($17) which was well cooked but came covered in compound butter thaqt had anchovy in it. First bite I was immediately turned off to the slight fishy undertone. Thank goodness neither of us have fish allergies, very unexpected. The frites were nicely crisp and well seasoned. However the side of sauce for dipping was just strange. Was made from vinegar and had a decent texture but just tasted odd with the fries and the meat all together. Would have preferred something a little more basic, again a preference. I ordered the Porc et Lardon ($16) as my entree and Im pretty happy with the result. Grilled bacon wrapped pork tenderloin with roasted pork gratin which was made with roast pork shoulder, shaved fennel and celery root. The contrast in the flavors and textures was right up my alley aside from the tenderloin being a tad over cooked, it is again opening night.Desserts were limited to three choices, Chocolate Brulee, Biegnets and Grande Marnier Souffle. We went with the Biegnets de Nutella ($6) and the Souffle ($6). The biegnets had a filling of Nutella which was alright but wasn't a fan until, I took some of the Mr's creme anglaise and dunked them into that. Delish. The souffle was so light and and was just brown enough to caramelize the sugar. You cant go wrong with either dessert. All in all Petite Maison is an excellent value and with Chef James Porter at the helm expect solid French fare nightly with breakfast and lunch being added soon. Looking forward to back soon but this time Ill go with no expectations.
4	Went to Petite Maison for dinner Friday evening with a friend, who had already been there once before.  The outside signage is a little hard to see, and I had to call to find the side-street they're on (just below Camelback on the street behind the Scottsdale W Hotel).  What a lovely restaurant.  The interior is small but doesn't feel cramped.  Very good attention to service from everyone, the hostess to our waiter to the owners.  Nice selection of wine by the glass ($8-$9) and by the bottle.  We had a very drinkable bottle of Burgundy for $30.  Obviously a lot of thought went into selecting an modest array of quality wines that were also kept affordable.  We selected the mussels and house salad to share as first and second course.  The mussels were cooked well but not overdone.  The broth with the mussels was so good we went through the bread provided and I had to ask for more, just to dip it in the broth.  Wonderful flavors with fresh garlic but not overdone.  The salad was a good light course with roasted walnuts and a light but very flavorful vinagerette.  My friend had the pork for third course and I had the steak frites.  Both were excellent.  I read another review someone wrote that didn't care for the steak or the dipping sauce for the steak and frites, but I couldn't have been happier.  I tried the pork and it was very flavorful glazed with an excellent reduction sauce.  A small but tempting selection of desserts are available, but neither of us had room and we'll leave that for another visit.  A final word about the pricing - the quality of the food and its preparation were very good, but the prices were well within reach for a nice dinner (first courses $7-$9, entres starting at $15).  With a couple glasses of wine and a bottle, we left with $120 including tip.  However, if you're watching the cost, you could share a first and second course, and then share an entre (such as the steak frites), and have just enough room left to share a dessert.
5	What a surprise to find this new little gem in Scottsdale!  We enjoyed one of the best meals we've had out in a while at Petite Maison last night.  The interior feels a bit like you've walked into a wine cellar. . . very cozy with wood paneled floor, walls and ceiling.  And though it is small, you don't feel crowded at their nice sized tables.  We had reservations for 6 pm, which was a good thing, because by 7:30 there wasn't an empty seat in the entire place including the beautiful glass tile topped bar.  The restaurant has a great vibe and you feel like you've discovered a special spot that remains unknown by most.  On to the food.  We've been dying to eat Chef James Porter's cuisine since Tapino closed last May and he didn't disapoint.  His foie gras is to DIE for (sorry little helpless duck!) and the escargot truly memorable.  I really wanted to try the vichysoisse, but was nervous after a recent bad experience with the same at another restaurant.  The chef kindly allowed me to sample a small bowl.  It was creamy, smoky, and really delicious.  A whole bowl would have been heaven, but at that point I was focused on moving on to the main course and wanted to make sure that I had room for dessert.  So I'll come back for a whole bowl of the vichysoisse when I can really savor it all.  My husband had the french onion soup and declared it a winner.  I went against my usual rule to not order chicken at a restaurant, and boy was I glad I did.  It was moist, tender and in a word, delicious.  The creamy mashed potatoes and pearl onions were comfort food at its finest.  My husband had the pork dish and practically licked the plate.  When our entrees were brought to the table, our waiter advised us that if we wanted to order the souffle, that we should put the order in as it would take 20 minutes to prepare.  I don't think I've ever had souffle before, but I can tell you that I'll be be back to Petite Maison to have this bowl of heaven again and again.  Light, fluffy, steaming hot, it was uh-mazing!!!  However, I really wanted to try the beignets with nutella also, so after we finished dinner, we moved to the bar for coffee and eventually ordered dessert Round Two.  The beignets were so good . . . Can't wait till Petite Maison starts serving these little yummies up for breakfast!!!The whole meal was really fantastic, the service was great, the chef/owner personable, and the ambience very intimate and charming.  Best of all, it was a great value and didn't break the bank.  Good luck to the owners for great success!  We can't wait to come back!
5	This place is absolute perfection.  From the setting to the service to the food, I loved every moment of it.  The only way I found out about this place was through Yelp.  You seriously are my trusty sidekick.  From the previous reviews I was a little worried that it might be packed, but then I remembered it was a Monday night so no worries.Walking in the restaurant, it is quite small, but just absolutely adorable.  It really does feel like an upscale country home.  Wood lines the whole restaurant and they have mini chandeliers hanging over every table.  Even the touches of place setting are just perfect.Our server was Gina and she was a complete sweetheart.  We started off with the Bohemian Sidecar and the Cucumber Vesper.  Both were absolutely delightful!  Then we moved on to appetizers, because while getting drunk is fun, I was really excited for the food.  We had the steak tartare and mussels in the saffron and white wine sauce.  I loved the steak tartare with the potato chips and fried egg on top.  Put fried egg on top of anything and I'm sold.  Put fried egg on top of raw steak and I'm in love!  The mussels came out just as we were finishing up the steak tartare, perfect timing!  The mussels were equally amazing if not more, and I am so sad that they only give one piece of bread!  Well that, along with the bread and butter.  But that still wasn't enough for me!  I wanted to soak up all of that saffron sauce goodness!After Gina cleared that out of our way, she brought out the glass of Bordeaux and Rhone blend.  I hate when I don't have a drink in front of me, and she made sure that never happened.  Then the entrees came.  The pork shoulder with the bacon for my bf, and the stuffed chicken with the pome puree and mushrooms for me.  Again, absolute perfection on both accounts!  I loved the mushrooms that were slightly charred and crispy, with the sauce and the puree and the chicken with goat cheese.  I'm getting hungry again just writing about it.  My bf loved his, but I still maintain that mine was better.  And both of these entrees were incredibly reasonably priced at $15 and $17.  Could life get any better?Well apparently it could!  After we polished off our entrees, then came dessert and after dinner drinks!  We had the souffle which was amazing with the creme anglaise.  And the berries with the creme fraiche.  Heaven in my mouth!  We finished that off with the chocolate martini and the pear tini.This review cannot do this place justice.  This is truly a unique experience that is far above any of the restaurants in Scottsdale.  Please go in and experience this for yourself, you will not be disappointed!
5	Went here in a Thursday night and there was quite a crowd!  We did not have reservations but were seated right away.  As this gets more mention I would suggest reservations as it is very quaint.  Wine list is full of French wines we did not know but they allowed us samples of all we were considering...a good idea since we ended up with a bottle of the Pinot Noir (from the bottle/glass) list.  It was really nice and like everything here...extremly reasonable at $30 a bottle.  From there it was on to appetizers.  Next time I will stick to apps but next this time I had to try some of everything.  First up was the foie gras.  A perfect size appetizer with great flavors.  A smoking deal at only $10.  Most apps are between $6-10.  Next up was mussels.  Flavor and broth was great!   Hope they get in seafood forks soon though because a little  hard to eat with the large silverware!  The broth and bread was delicious though.  Will definitly be back for more.  Even the cod fritters were fabulous (I snuck a taste from my diner friend.)Before you move on to main courses,  be sure to try out the Rosemary rolls.  While I typically skip the filling bread to save room, these were well worth it.The main courses are a steal!  Salmon and chicken for $15!  Each was a very healthy portion...with leftovers to boot.  Both were moist but not the standouts here...next time I will stick to the apps and salads, they are all great.Can't wait to try what's next here!
5	My hubby and I are self- proclaimed "Foodies." We loved Chef James at Tapino and were thrilled when we found out they were opening this. As many others have stated the atmosphere is charming and cozy. Reservations are recommended, especially on weekends. We have had dinner and brunch now and both were excellent! The Vicchysoisse (hard to find in Phoenix, the hottest city in the country) is superb as is the Steak Frites. Tradtional french, just like Paris. For brunch, it was the salmon pappilotte (delicious) and beignets (for our 11 year old) and a different twist on eggs benedict for hubby. Really wonderful and authentic. We are bringing our college son in this weekend for Croque Monsieur. Chef James and lovely host Wendy have hit the nail on the head this time. Laurie and Rodney
5	As good as it gets.  Perfect flavor.  Uncompromising attention to detail.  Simple, elegant and without pretentiousness.  Chef James is what a great chef should be, and his unbelievably talented staff executes perfectly.
5	When Jared suggested we try Petite Maison last night (Tuesday), I immediately approved... he tends to get stuck at his regular places and it's rare he wants to try somewhere new - so when the adventurous feeling strikes, I have to jump on it!  So we headed over there around 7pm, and we had a wonderful dinner.  The restaurant is beautiful and although I never made it in when it was "Buckets," Jared says they did a fantastic job with the renovations... I absolutely love the chandeliers!Since it was a beautiful night, we opted to sit outside.  The patio is comfortable and now that the weather is cooling down, I'm sure it will become a local favorite for hot spot outdoor dining.  Jerry, our server, took great care of us.  As we perused the menu, we noticed that everything is reasonably priced, and although I'm typically not a huge fan of French cuisine, there were a handful of items that were appealing to me.  Jerry brought us fresh warm rolls that had tasty herbs baked into them.  I usually skip the bread basket but I make exceptions for 'special' occasions and this was one of them - each bite was delightful!Just as we finished up our rolls, our Salade Maison was served (we ordered one to share).  Described as crispy chevre, lardons, candied walnuts, peppery greens and roasted shallot vinaigrette, (and I noticed it also had dill in it which I love); the salad was delicious and perfectly balanced with sweet and salty flavors and just the right amount of dressing. It was large enough to share, and priced right at $7.Next, I had the Coquille Saint-Jacques (sea scallops appetizer priced at a moderate $8) and a side of asparagus and Jared enjoyed the Poulet Roti (roasted stuffed chicken entree - $15).  We both cleaned our plates after admiring the beautiful presentations.Adding to the ambiance was the spot on French music (including French renditions of songs we all know) - props to Wendy for that! I'm totally in wedding mode at the moment so perhaps I fell hard for Petite Maison because of that alone; it was a memorable romantic meal that I shared with my fiance afterall...  but I'm pretty sure that Petite Maison will become a regular in our rotation - can't wait to try it for breakfast, brunch, and lunch too!
3	We went for lunch on a weekday and having been a big Tapino fan I was a little disappointed by the limited menu.   My husband had the croque monsieur and I had the duck rillete both of which were really good and well priced but when we looked at all 3 of their menus I couldn't find anything that shouted wow I really want to go back and try this.   The staff were great, the food and atmosphere were good but I think I was expecting a more tapino-esque menu.  I know the owner/chef is very talented and  is starting over in this new location, I hope he does well.  The restaurant is small so I would recommend reservations.
4	Really, really enjoyed Petite Maison last night.First of all, I love the space. It's small, which I think adds charm. The patio is great and with weather like we've been having, it was amazing out there. I also love the restaurant interior itself. I love the space, the wood walls, the chandeliers, the bar... Very cool look and vibe.We also had excellent service. Both the bartender and our server were great - total pros. As far as our meal, we sampled a variety of things and really enjoyed most everything.We ordered and shared the escargots, steak tartare, foie gras, Coquille Saint-Jacques (scallops), vichyssoise and onion soup. Highlights for me were the escargots, steak tartare, foie gras and onion soup. The dishes were excellent. They even reminded me of the food my dad's old place (The Glass Door) served years ago, and not too far away. While we didn't have the puff pastry, the escargots with the pernod garlic butter were quite similar.  They were great. We definitely took full use of the good bread provided to soak up the garlic butter. The onion soup was also similar. It was fantastic, one of the best I've had in years. I will definitely be ordering that again. And while I may still be a bit partial to my dad's steak tartare, I'd also say that was excellent. I really liked the playfulness of the dish with the fried egg and homemade potato chips. The foie was great too.We also had great drinks. They have a nice selection of spirits and the bartender made a very tasty chartreuse concoction that I didn't get the name of. I had a Dogfish Head 90 minute IPA that was served in a large very cold, snifter. Was a great way to present it and of course a great beer.While they have a full menu, it's nice to see the option to go and get a variety of great appetizers. I also really like the idea of their late night staff meals.It helps that it's just down the street too!
5	This place rocks...we have been twice so far and can not wait to go back!! The food, service, wine menu is exquisite. The bar tenders are so knowledgeable. Our favorite french resaurant is Bouchon, but Petite Maison tops it for atmosphere and value. Tapino was great....this is awesome!
5	Amazing! We went there for Sunday Morning Brunch.  I had the Quiche with tomato coulis and Justin had  the Croque Monsieur with mornay sauce.   We also had  the beignets with a red wine reduction.  The sauces are amazing.  Love how they decorated see my attached pictures.  The space is so warm and cozy and the staff was amazing.  Chef even came out of the kitchen to welcome us and talk to us about the food.  Their outdoor dining area has a fireplace and looks very inviting now that outdoor dining in AZ is here.  Can't wait to go back for dinner.  Everyone has to eat here and plan to stay and hang out for awhile in this new little cozy restaurant.
5	Had a wonderful dinner here last night with my husband. We sat outside on the patio which was lovely and cozy. Our food was delicious! We tried the escargot, mussels, duck, stuffed roast chicken, chocolate creme brulee and souffle. All were wonderful but the particular standouts were the escargot and the desserts. The owner also came out and talked to all the tables briefly which was nice. The waitstaff were excellent and the French background music completed the setting nicely. Also the prices were amazing! Highly recommend this restaurant....wonderful for cozy date nights or groups...but would recommend booking because the place was full all night.
5	I was trying to break my 5 star habit - but WOW! Move over Zinc Bistro!French cuisine is making a comeback in the valley.I love this place. It's not quite popular yet - so it was very quiet and intimate (not very full). Loved everything about the design...the chandeliers and the wood floors/walls/ceilings...the gold tile in the bar. It's got character. Style.They print their menu nightly but there are a few staples. We tried the escargot and scallops to start...the duck and stuffed chicken for entrees and the ABSOLUTE MUST HAVE - the souffle for dessert. We also tried the chocolate creme brulee which was killer...but the souffle? Amazing. Takes 15 minutes to bake so you'll want to order it before you finish your meal.The waitstaff is great. Or...maybe I've just had one too many pear martinis, cucumber martinis and sidecars...the 'bartender' balances his liquors amazingly...so you must just try this place for yourself!I have a feeling there might be some duck fat involved...
4	Lovely, cozy atmosphere, creative and satisfying food, nice service. What a great experience!  Chef Porter has ascended way beyond the Tapino (which i always thought was pretty decent) fare here.  We had the Moelle Boeuf (bone marrow) and the Tartar for starters.  The marrow was lovely, done just right (a little red), with some thin sliced of toasted baguette that added rather than distracted from the rich, tasty marrow.  The small fennel salad that comes with the marrow was dreamy - I could eat a plate of that.  The tartar... now that was to die for.  All one could ever hope from a tartar.Both the husband and I had the duck confit with white bean cassolet for our entrees.  The duck was nice, though a bit on the salty side for a confit, and the skin was on the soggy side.  Served as it was in a bowl of white beans, it was also difficult to cut past the skin and extricate individual meat pieces without losing them in the white beans.  The cassolet itself  was rich and interesting with what  appeared to be sausage hunks in it.  So overall the duck dish was pretty good but didn't blow my socks off. The wine by the glass selection is fairly small (boo) and mostly French (yeah!).  The server suggested the Rhone, which was pleasing and paired well with the meal.  The menu is small - entrees included one chicken, one duck, one fish, one pork, one beef - but all looked appealing. Everything is in the French style here, meaning rich, rich rich.  Not a place for dieters or vegetarians.  The steak frites both looked and smelled fantastic - I cannot wait to try.the decor has been aptly described in other reviews.  I particularly enjoyed the non-Phoenician feel of 1) the small size, 2) the low ceilings, and 3) the crowded elbow-to-elbow spacing.  It really is more like a French bistro on the inside than anything place I've eaten west of NYC.
5	Stopped by Petite for brunch on Sunday and it was delish!  I had their take on Eggs Benedict which was light and fresh and the eggs were perfectly poached.  My brunch companion had the chicken and mushroom stuffed crepes but we both got plate envy when we saw our neighbor table had ordered the Petite Maison burger!!  It was HUGE, a two hander and looked very juicy!  Drinks were just as good as the meal, they serve French press coffee and fresh squeezed OJ.  My friends and I like to think we are sangria connoisseurs and their French take on red Sangria was one of the best I have ever had!  It was a little pricey at $9 but worth every penny.The menu is a bit intimidating if you don't know French but our server was more than helpful with questions and pronunciations.  The food did take a little bit of time so make sure you aren't in any real hurry.  But you won't want to be in a hurry if you are on their patio, it is darling!!  It's like a little French Oasis just yards from Scottsdale Rd.  You may want to bring a bird book because the shrubs and flowers attracted 3 types of humming birds during our brief lunch.I can't wait to go back for Dinner to see their PM menu or their late night "Staff Menu" but I will make sure to call ahead for a reservation.  They weren't kidding when they called this place "Petite," the inside has 8 tables and the patio around the same.
4	My favorite thing about eating at French places is cheese plates and wine so naturally this is what I ordered at Petite Maison. And it definitely did not disappoint. Four types of cheese ranging from blue to soft and creamy came with an assortment of sides such as mini-pickles (gherkins?), sauces and breads. Delicious! I also had a satisfying salad and a French press coffee. While normally I love French press this one left something to be desired, but it did the job and fueled me through the night with its caffeine content.The space is smallish and quaint with a nice bar as well as a cute patio area. Their beer list is surprisingly well done, as is the wine list, of course. Take a date here or have a business lunch with a potential client to impress. Perhaps you'll seal the deal in either case.
5	Discovered this gem - for a last minute lunch @ scottsdale. It's a quaint little place, tucked away in the middle of nowhere (seems to be near construction??) The staff was warm and friendly. The decor reminded me of a little bistro in Paris :)The food was cheap- hors d'oeuvres looked appetizing- I had escargots. The snails were perfectly baked, din care for the puff pastry that much. the main course I had was salmon, perfectly seared on a bed of microgreens. the salad was tasty and and a kick to it. My bf had roasted chicken crepes... which i din care very much for.Dessert was chocolate brulee, although we had asked for poached pear. But it was also good-not too sweet. The total for lunch came up short of $40 for two, which imo was very worth the money! Will go back!
4	So glad Gabi chose this place for Lunch, but damn the rain for ruining our chance at the lovely patio dining. Such cozy cuteness, I was beside myself. I just adored the pretty patio with all it's flowers, umbrellaed tables, heaters and even a roaring fireplace. Inside was more CC, chandeliers over each table, dark wood, and my favorite part was the beautifully framed window, literally framed, but instead of a picture you look out the window to the lattice and creeping vines, so cool! Wish I would have taken a pic of that. Several things on the menu wanted me to order them but I went with the Salmon Nicoise (see pics) It was not only beautiful but also delicious. Other guests ordered the Quiche and the Onion Soup (see pics) Both looked wonderful and I was told they were. I have only one complaint and it's really just more of a disappointment than anything. On such a rainy cold day I was hoping they would have some decadent hot chocolate to warm me up but they did not......Maybe soon? I went with hot tea instead and was pleasantly satisfied. I will definitely return to try some more of the very reasonably priced French Fare.
4	I've been avoiding writing this review as this place holds bittersweet memories for me, but my unwritten reviews are stacking up, and I hate being a procrastinator, so here goes...Loved the atmosphere!  Alison and I decided to come here to try their "staff meals," which are served from 10p till closing.  The restaurant usually serves two to three dishes, labeled as such, at discounted prices.  We thought it was a great way to sample menu fare w/out losing our wallets (although, in retrospect, the very small portions necessitated our ordering more, so, really, I didn't find the staff meals to offer such great savings, but I digress).  It was such a nice evening that we decided we'd dine outside.  New friends would join us at a later time that evening.  (We were lucky enough to score a table by the crackling fireplace.  So romantic- take note, guys!)Alison was hungry, so she started off w/ a bowl of onion soup.  I wished I could've had a taste- it looked so good!- but it contained an ingredient or two to which I'm still allergic, so I passed.  We both had a glass of wine each.  Friends later joined us, and so we placed an order of the frog legs ($8) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/petite-maison-scottsdale?select=WRlCnJLkxSKMeIBd-p5EiA#WRlCnJLkxSKMeIBd-p5EiA and an order of the turkey bruschetta ($10). http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/petite-maison-scottsdale?select=XKgUUPNc5BtbWBATWY_2Ug#XKgUUPNc5BtbWBATWY_2Ug  When both appetizer plates arrived, I immediately placed a second order since 2 frog legs (although these were GIGANTIC frog legs- I'd hate to encounter these frogs in some Amazonian forest, that's for sure!) and two bruschetta slices just weren't going to cut it for the four of us!The general consensus was that I was the only one in the bunch who would gladly order the frog legs again.  I did notice that the first order of frog legs was much crispier, and therefore better received, at least by moi, than the second plate.  We all loved the turkey bruschetta (pronounced w/ an "sh" instead of the hard "sk," but no worries- both pronunciations are correct, depending on the regions you find yourself in Italy, but wait, aren't we supposed to be in France??).  This app was basically a turkey salad (ala chicken salad) atop a mustard aioli and then garnished w/ fresh cranberry relish/compote.  I adored this dish!So why the bittersweet memories?  Ah, well... a couple of things, really.  First, while I loved the romantic table we had by the fireplace outside, it did get chilly at the end, and I think that made Alison want to go home early.  I also had a chance to check out Petite Maison's all-wood interiors... very nice!  A few nestled-tables surrounding a beautiful and polished bar-counter.  Petite Maison is certainly a petite, and pretty, dining facility.And what's my second bittersweet point?  Why, it's the wait till the next time I visit Petite Maison, of course!  I'll need to sock away a lot more francs before visiting again, though.  What?  You weren't expecting a juicy confession, now, were you?  ;)  Hope you enjoy the photos!
2	This is a very cute place--it's clearly not a chain-restaurant type of place that seems to be so frequent here in Scottsdale.  My wife and I sat outside for dinner this past Saturday night, and with the heat lamp, it was perfectly comfortable.    We really liked the environment--the faux candles (which seriously looked really nice), the flowers, the fire, etc.  The food, however, leaves much to be desired.  I had the mussels, which I found to be not very fresh. Sure, we're miles from the coast, but even in California, we get mussels in from Prince Edward Island, so I just think these were a bit old or worse, not even live.  The broth was tasty, but a bit ruined by the really fishy taste that comes from less than highly fresh seafood.   My wife had the foie gras--overall, it was quite good, but slightly overcooked.  For the main course, i had the lamb. I had requested medium rare, and it came back well done--there wasn't a bit of pink in the center anywhere...this was a bit disappointing--a french restaurant that had the temperature way off.  So, i sent it back, and this time, just to be safe, i asked for it to be RARE.  And the second time, there were two pieces of lamb--one piece was cooked rare, but still cold in the middle (so i suspect it was from the fridge before they cooked it), and the other piece was well done again!   It was a bit bizarre and straight out of a Gordon Ramsey Kitchen Nightmares episode.  I mean, seriously, if you've blown it in the kitchen the first time, wouldn't you show a bit more care the 2nd round?!  Use a thermometer like the rest of us!  And to top it off, they didn't even take the lamb off the bill.  Granted, they gave us a free dessert, but in retrospect, a much classier move would have been to take it off the bill, ensure the manager personally apologized AND offer free dessert.  This is one of the first times that Yelp has let me down--an average of 4.5 stars usually guarantees something great.  In this case, it wasn't even close.  Don't even get me started about the wine...and the server's recommendation.
5	Hidden Gem of Scottsdale!!I have no idea how I wave walked and driven past this place so many times without noticing it. Luckily I did, checked it out on Yelp! and decided to have lunch/brunch for two on Sat midday. we waked in to a very lovely patio and inside a small but nice restaurant. It had  fun paintings on the wall, several small tables and a full bar with French music playing. Not big on too much French words I had to guess what was what and we went ahead and ordered. Our Cheese plate was wonderful although I thought it took a little to long to come out, being it was a cheese plate and there was only 2 other people in the place. It was very good and i highly recommend it!
4	Some adjectives that come to mind when describing Petite Maison include: quaint, cozy, warmth, and personality.  This restaurant is definitely an Old Town gem.  Housed in the former location of Baby Kay's Cajun Kitchen, it oozes character and charm.I went there with a large group for brunch and found the service decent and food impeccable.  Everyone was pleased with their menu selections which included some delicious savory crepes and warm sweet beignets.We ate inside, as it was a bit chilly, but I look forward to going back when it's warmer to enjoy more of  their menu and lovely outdoor patio.
4	For last weeks cheat meal the first stop was Petite Maison for appetizers.First off let me start by saying what a cool place this is! The parking even at 6:30 on a Saturday night was no problem. We didn't even need to use the free valet service offered. It is a beautiful restaurant. Lots of woods and stone and looks very cool at night with all the candles they have everywhere. This would be a great place to take someone out or for an anniversary or any special engagement.The service was great. There was always someone making sure we were happy and didn't need anything. We had a friend show up very late and instantly they showed up with a drink and a place setting for him.What We Chowed Down On:Foie Gras:Toasted brioche is topped with roasted apples which is then topped with a piece of foie gras. The plate is drizzled with some tasty honey and spotted with pickled concord grapes. The pickled grapes were a very unique flavor I really loved these. I liked the whole dish I only wish there was a larger piece of foie gras. This was the first time I had it and only got a small taste since it was shared with two other people. This was a well executed dish with very complimenting flavors. I didn't feel as if anything was an overpowering element.Tar Tar:Steak tar tar topped with a friend egg and served with a side of house made kettle chips. This was a good dish but nothing spectacular. It's very subtle there weren't any super amazing flavors going on. The fat of the yolk mixed with the meat and the crunch of the chips were a nice textural experience.Escargot:Another first for me! Was a night of lots of new culinary experiences.Escargot was cooked in a butter, garlic, herb sauce which was then topped with puff pastry. They were a little chewy but I could tell they were cooked correctly. I can see how they could become pure rubber in the wrong hands. The platter they are served on is very hot so you need to eat them quickly or they will overcook just sitting on their serving dish. For those who have never had it before I would say it reminded me of a mushroom. It has the texture of a cooked oyster mushroom and the flavor of a very mild wood-loving mushroom. You could definitely taste the environment of the snail.Cheese Plate:Four cheeses plated with toasted baguette. It was paired with quince, black pepper, pink sea salt, house made mustard, small marinated olives. I can't remember exactly what the cheese were. There was a sheep, goat, roquefort, and triple creme brie. I loved everything except the roquefort.. I really wish I could get over my hate for roquefort and blue cheeses in general but the pallet just wont do it.Onion Soup:This was a pretty classic execution. The broth was beefy and sweet from the onions. It wasn't overly salty. In general it was a good dish.Pros:Free ParkingGood ServiceAmazing AtmosphereRespectable Price (Especially for a french place in the middle of scottsdale)Cons:Give us more Foie Gras! :)
4	Love it. Petite Maison rocks, the end. The design is cozy and refined and sexy, the staff are friendly and attentive, the service is super fast even when they are packed and the food is delicious. I've only been there late at night and hear great things about the brunch, but let me tell you, the escargot is fabulous, the salade maison is the perfect size and refreshing, and I tried a port-poached pear and creme fraiche dessert the last time I was there that was incredibly lively and light. The parking is kind of tough because of competition from nearby bars and clubs, but there's always valet if you're impatient.
5	At last...my love has come along.When chef James Porter's "Tapino" closed in May of last year, it was a sad day indeed.  It had been one of the first tapas style restaurants in the valley and  I would miss his bold and inventive dishes.  Now, there would be one less place for tantalizing international cuisine.Back then, he said, "This phoenician will rise again."  And he has, with something that the town of Scottsdale was in dire need of.  A cozy french eatery.With only 33 seats inside, but ample pation seating, it is ideal to book a table in advance.  The place has the feel of a French country cottage, with its wooden walls, tiny chandeliers, and brocade fabrics.  French music ranging from Brigit Bardot to Jacques Brel pipes in from speakers above.My guest and I came here on a Sunday afternoon for brunch.  We were seated at the only remaining table in the place. I started off with the "Mimosa maison" with champagne, lychee, and fresh squeezed orange.  Following that came the Nutella beignets with powdered sugar.  I am a sucker for beignets, but nothing beats Jackson Square in New Orleans.My main dish was the Croque Monsieur" with shaved ham, gruyere, and sauce mornay on croissant.  I felt like I was in Paris again.  The only thing missing was a cappuccino and a cigarette.  It was amazing!Our server said "As you Wish" after every request, so we both felt like the Princess Bride and appreciated the attentiveness and care of the staff here.From what I gathered, the menu is ever-changing, but I hope that French favorites such as escargot, mussels, steak tartare,and onion soup will forever remain on the menu.  I would recommend this cozy spot for breakfast, lunch, dinner, or a romantic date.  I look forward to returning there soon for dinner, myself.
3	We decided to check this place out after reading some good reviews, and was here for brunch today. I absolutely loved the very cozy, pretty and warmth deco. It was a nice sunny day, we seated in the patio, which felt like in a little garden. You wouldn't think this place is right next to the busy Scottsdale Rd and Camelback.Now come to the food, it was a special Sat. and Sun brunch menu, very simple. I had the Quiche and friend had the Pain Poulet (chicken sandwich with brie cheese, arugula, and tomato). The Quiche was tasty (looks like a piece of pie), but kinda to the dry side. However, my friend's Pain Poulet was well cooked, the meat was juicy and the melted brie was just good! She had a side of Pomme Frites (French fries) which was good as well. For dessert, we had the Chocolate Creme Brulee and the beignets. This is the first time I had chocolate creme brulee and it was surprising good, very sweet and rich, and it's dark chocolate! The beignets on the other hand, was kinda too crispy and over-fried, I was excepting some more soft ones. Oh, forgot to mention that we both had French soda for drinks. I had a watermelon (pretty pink) and my friend had the passion fruit (yellow-ish). Mine was good and sweet, smell like watermelon. But when the checks came, I realized that when they bring a new glass of soda, it means another order, NOT A REFILL!!!!! Really? The glass was so small and full of ice. So we spent $15 on the soda :(Overall the experience was good (not the soda part!!), but I definitely had higher expectation. I guess I'll update my review when I go back for dinner since everyone is loving it...
5	What a lovely place, it's small but what they dish up is just Fantastic and as close as Scottsdale is going to get to real French cuisine.Definitely Quality over quantity and the Chef is very friendly, comes and mingles with the local subjects.... :).A must Try, going back this weekend for seconds.
5	My French wife gives Chef Porter a beeg keez for such a soul satisfying meal!  Mike the bartender made it even more of good evening!  She was in need of a little French soul food and Petite Maison hit the spot!  So Thank you....and her hairdresser for the recommendation!We sat at the bar and were pleasantly surprised at the prices being so reasonable...decided to have appetizers instead of the traditional and the menu offered all of our old favorites...the escargot, the tartar, coquille St. Jaques, foie gras and the salad maison...Chef Porter and his staff have a great palate!..amazed that he has never been to France.  The tartar was spot on, perfect amount of dijon and capers...the Coquille, great mushroom flavored buerre blanc....foie gras...those pickled grapes, great!...escargot, garlicky goodness.....the salad was the highlight for me, they actually used salt and pepper when tossing the salad, really good shallot vinaigrette, great mix of herbs and greens, and finally someone got the crotin right in this town!Can't wait to come back and try the entrees and desserts!Tres delicieux!
2	I was so excited to eat here.So excited!  Now I'm disappointed.   Crushed even.Came here for Valentine's Day.It was my suggestion.  I am to blame.They had a prix fixe menu of Lobster bisqueShrimp cocktail (which they ran out of, so they substituted the Coquilles St Jaques instead)Beef Wellington with chateaubriand sauceChocolate SouffleSounds delicious no?  NO!GahhhhhThe lobster bisque was tasteless.  It tasted like pink tinted creme.  And I love lobster bisque.  Anywhere that sells it, I get it, and this bisque was terrible.The Coquilles St Jacques... inedible.  I felt like I was eating mashed ritz crackers swimming in a pool of butter with lots of apples.  Gross.The beef wellington... well... this was the best thing we had all evening.  The beef was terribly tough though, and tasted a it off.  The pastry and spread around the beef was delicious though.  The chateaubriand was not rich, and was yet again... tasteless.The chocolate souffle was the worst.  I didn't even get a hint of chocolate.  It was like.... really soggy french toast in a cup without any syrup.  Soggy bread.  Gross.We informed our server how disappointed we were by the souffle, so he was kind enough to bring us chocolate creme brulees instead.  While these brulees were better..... sigh.We really didn't like it.I would have rather ate at soooooooooo many other places.I was trying to avoid a chain, and all the cliche Valentine's Day stuff, but this place was so awful, I could cry.It's Valentine's Day, and this place's food made me want to cry.I will not ever, ever, ever even consider going back.Barf.
4	Not sure how to structure this review because I have a lot to say, so bear with me.  How about getting to the point first...Ambiance: 2 starsFood: 3.5 starsService: 10 starsValue: 10 starsTotal: 3.5 stars rounded upI took my wife here the Saturday before Valentine's Day since, alas, I travel for business and wasn't going to be around for V-Day itself.  :-(Upon walking in, my wife remarked that it smelled like her grandparents house.  You mean like chicken soup and death?  I had the same reaction.  It made sense, the next youngest patron there was a good 40 or 50 years our senior.  You could smell the formaldehyde.Now to a word of warning.  ***THIS PLACE IS NOT ROMANTIC****  I can't stress that enough.  I don't think people in the valley know what a truly romantic French dining experience is.  This place is cozy - as in the NYC definition.  Meaning that it is small, cramped, loud, you will hear all the conversations around you (which in OTS can get pretty ridiculous), and it is guaranteed that you will either ask the table next to you what they are eating or be asked what you are eating (both happened to us).  To top it off, there was a very bright fake candle on the table in an absolutely horrid candle holder.  Lastly, they had the most ridiculous music playing.  Seriously, I heard the Canne Canne blaring out of the speakers and all I could think of was the old Shoprite commercial with the dancing cans.  A real romantic French dining experience is quiet, reserved, sophisticated, and of course has real candles on the table and classier music (if any at all).We had a 7:00 reservation and wound up getting there 15 min early and the table wasn't ready.  Which was totally fine, we could just grab a glass of champagne at the bar.  There were two open seats but the bar top had place settings in front of them.  So I asked the bartender if we could grab a quick drink there while our table was being prepared.  He informed me that those spots had been reserved and unnecessarily relegated us to a tiny spot at the corner of the bar.  Our table was ready in about 7 minutes, in that time the "reserved" seats at the bar were never filled.  Ugh.The food was good but not the best French food I've had.  I was expecting more classical French and this was definitely more Provencal.  We went with four courses - first we shared the escargot, which  was ok (anything drowning in butter and garlic is going to be...) but the pastry dough on top was hard and chewy and not flakey.  Next, I had the foie gras which again was good but not the best I've had, it was unfortunately a little flavorless.  I really like to taste the nuttiness of foie gras.  My wife had the steak tartare and had the same remark that it was basically flavorless.  For our entree we split the bouillabaisse, which was quite good.  However, it is served with a few pieces of toasted bread with a roasted red pepper sauce that was just totally unnecessary - the whole point of the bread is to soak up the broth of the bouillabaisse!  So I had to ask for some plain toasted bread which was happily provided.  To finish, we had the cheese plate which was again pretty unremarkable - a gruyere, a bleu, a brie, and I forget what the last cheese was (see...unremarkable).Onto the service.  Firstly, the reason why a real classy French restaurant would not survive in the valley is because people are too impatient.  A four course meal can and should be a 2+ hour experience.  Eat a little, drink a little, gaze lovingly into your partner's eyes, have deep conversations about life.  Many of the patrons here complained that their food was taking too long.  To the point where our waiter kept apologizing to us without our saying anything, and I had to reassure him that we actually appreciated the pace of the meal.  Our server, Chad, was fantastic.  He recommended a great by-the-glass wine that was not on the menu.  When our second course arrived (after the escargot), I had to ask for a change of plates and utensils, to which he exclaimed "of course!" and hurried to get.  After that, the plates and silverware were changed after every course.  Chad was very attentive to us without being overbearing, even though it appeared he was the only server for half of the restaurant.  He may have been a little too apologetic at times, but I will take that over totally obnoxious and uncaring.Lastly, to the value - our 4 course meal (well, a split first and last course) + 2 glasses champagne + 3 glasses wine came to $145.  To me, that is a great value for French food.  Of course, I may be a little out of touch, as our last French cuisine experience was at Joel Robouchon in Las Vegas which came to $600.In all honesty, I probably won't ever return to Petite Maison.  It is definitely a "special occasion" type of place, and there are nicer/better places that I like more.
4	Now that I've dined here twice... I'm gonna hold Petite Maison at 4 stars. Monday night, 7:30 - my reservation got my party of 2 the last table in the place. (Whew. it's so small in there.) The service was fantastic, although it's so odd to go to a full restaurant and be given so much time to have a leisurely meal... especially when they're full. For example, after the hostess sat us and gave us our menus, about 2 minutes later the waiter came by and after doing his introductory speech, said he would give us a few more minutes to become familiar with the menu... lol... I was ready to give my drink order, but okay! We also had to request the bill. I am pretty sure they would have let us linger with our coffee for a full hour if we'd wanted to :O   Really weird not to be rushed out! Oh, onto the food! The most important part! My friend ordered the escargot, which, since i'm very "meh" on escargot, I can't tell you if they were good or not even though I had two of them at my friend's prompting. She also had the trout almondine  - omg fantastic, I'd order it next time. Whatever dressing they had the salad greens and green beans in, was incredible, and I don't even care for green beans, but YUM... I ordered the house salad and the foie gras. The foie gras was very good, certainly the rarest I've ever had it served. I'm not sure how I feel about the accoutrements - the vinegary accent sauce, the pickled grapes, the roasted apples, on top of a (I felt, a little burned) piece of brioche. I've had better combinations with foie gras, to be honest. But it was still good enough that I ate the whole thing. The salad was also good, I really enjoyed the roasted shallot vineagrette, but to be honest it felt like the salad was missing something... not perfectly seasoned, to my tastes, I think it needed a little salt. :( The chocolate creme brulee was also my friend's choice (I'd have tried the souffle if it had been up to me!). The creme brulee was good - even great - but I'm a traditionalist, and while delicious, I prefer non-chocolated-up brulees :) PS - Do not attempt to eat the candied orange garnish on top of the creme brulee. LOL All in all, despite a few very minor concerns about my meal, I'll be back. The bottom line is, the price is right (It's amazing how cheap we got outta there, really), the service is fantastic, the atmosphere is cute and cozy, and the food is pretty great. Solid 4 stars. Next time, I'm thinking that flat iron steak.
5	This cute little restaurant definitely has some bragging rights.  Even in Scottsdale where the restaurant competition is fierce.  You name the type of food, Scottsdale has several places fighting for those customers wallets.  With that said I feel that this place won't fail like so many others have.It's hard to find a better patio ambiance in Scottsdale while the weather is great in AZ.  Enclosed by plants and flowers you'll forget about anything beyond the entryway.  Even the hummingbirds notice how great the landscaping is and frequently will grace you with their presence.  The nice acoustics with french music also lets you forget about the outside world.The creativity in the food coincides with everything else this place has to offer.  Fresh ingredients and well put together dishes definitely makes this restaurant a place for foodies as well as anyone who just wants a good meal.  The prices aren't to extravagant for the dishes which are on the small side.  This is a place to splurge a little and enjoy some vino while you're at it.  The wines are neatly chosen and I don't think they are to expensive.Overall I think Petite Maison has created itself as a restuarant that executes well on all levels.
4	I've been dining at Petite Maison since it opened and have never had a disappointing experience. I prefer dining on the patio by the fireplace instead of inside. Last Friday evening, my girlfriend and I enjoyed another great meal. The salad was made with organic, locally grown micro greens in a delicious sherry vinaigrette. The salad was complimented by a crispy-fried round of goat cheese. The French onion soup was prepared in the classic manner. The beef broth was rich and hearty and the onions were sweet and melted in your mouth. Who doesn't love the melting cheese that was bubbling when brought to the table? The trout almondine was perfectly boned, butter and smooth. It was served with a green bean salad. One of the biggest surprises was the French sodas. Okay seltzer and sugary flavorings are available most places, but here that have the combination down. Its a great nonalcoholic beverage alternative.
5	I had such a good time at Petite Maison that I went there twice in one day! Who would have thought a genuine slice of Paris could be found in Scottsdale?Each dish I tried was a tasteful pleasure, from the escargot to the onion soup. A highlight for me was their preparation of steak tartare, where just a drop of hot sauce acts as a secret ingredient in bringing out the flavor. Complementing the food is a well-thought out wine list, and at very reasonable prices. If only I had more time, I'd be back for their hamburger.But perhaps the true mark of an exceptional restaurant is the customer service. I left knowing Wendy, James and Chad on a first name basis, almost as if we were old friends, in fact. I can't wait to return to Arizona, if only to come to Petite Maison one more time.
4	Ate dinner here based on a tip from a waitress at another restaurant in Scottsdale who had suggested other places for us to try.  We enjoy French Bistro places so we thought we would try this.  Neat little restaurant with both inside and outside seating.  Had a very good meal overall here.  Started with their house salad which was outstanding--butter lettuce, walnuts, a few other goodies but the star was the dressing.  It was as good as I have eaten.  Two of our part had their Coquilles St Jacques appetizer and they loved it.  For the main course they pride themselves on a very limited menu with the concept of doing a few things very well.  Two of our group had the trout almondine which they loved and myself and our other friend had the Coq Au Vin.  This also was very good--tremendous sauce to go with this.  All the dishes were presented well.  Had a nice bottle of wine and the bill per couple with tip was around $100.  Service was the only down part.  Not bad but not great either.
5	We randomly found this restaurant via Yelp while we were in Scottsdale on a Sunday night, and we couldn't have been happier with our meal.   Great, traditional French food, in a nice atmosphere with excellent service.Reservations: We called when they opened on Sunday afternoon and were able to get their last reservation at 8pm.Location: We stayed at Hotel Indigo, which was just a few blocks away.  For anyone staying at the W you have no excuse not to go as it is literally in the shadow of the W.Atmosphere: The interior is a fairly narrow wooden space with a bar on the left and tables on the right.  Despite the narrow space they've managed to make it feel open and airy without feeling like a modern restaurant.  We ate outside on the patio, which is quite spacious.  There is a working fireplace on one side as well as plenty of umbrellas and heat lamps to protect you from the elements.Service: We arrived a bit before our reservation and were seated quickly.  Both the hostess and our waiter were quick, friendly, professional, and helpful.  We never had to wait long for anything, but also never felt like people were hovering over us.Food:  - Soupe a l'onion: Exactly as you'd like it.  Rich, tons of onions, and great gruyere. - Steak frites: My wife ordered this and I tried both her steak and her fries.  Perfectly cooked steak with a ton of flavor.  The pommes frites were nice and skinny, not overly fried, and made with a darker potato (almost like a sweet potato) with a much richer, earthier flavor than your average fry. - Porc Roti: While I was initially a little disappointed that they had run out of lamb, I was more than pleased when I tasted the roast pork chop.  Probably the best pork chop I've ever had.  The cider gastrique and along with the winter chutney that included some foie gras was an excellent mix of sweet and savory, while the chop itself was very moist.  I'm not a huge fan of butternut squash, but this dish may make me rethink my opinion.Value: Excellent.  Every entree was less than $20, the portion sizes were good, and they have a good selection of reasonably priced wines.
5	Small, intimate, excellent food, great wine, knowledgeable staff, gracious service.  There's a lot of care put into every detail and it shows.  A short, focused of menu of only winners.  Easily one of the top 5 restaurants in the valley.
5	I'm writing this from memory as it's been close to two months since I've dined at Petite Maison. I'll be sure to write a more detailed review immediately after my next visit, which I hope will be soon. For now, I just want to mention what stands out the most in my memory: The building itself is small and charming. There are a few table outside, about 7 tables inside, with maybe 10-12 spots for dining at the bar. Some will say it's crowded. To them, I say go back to Fridays and put your name in for a booth. This is a very romantic, intimate dining experience, if you can get a table. If not, dining at the bar is sure to be a treat here. We were able to spend some time with the bartender after our meal, and like the rest of the staff, he was really a pleasure to chat with. You'll notice that everything on the menu sounds fantastic, so deciding on something may be a challenge.  Their wine list is really terrific, though, so at least paring your drink with your meal will be easy. Everything that we tried that night was delicious. On our way back to the car I decided I was walking out of my new favorite restaurant. I'm so excited for my next trip, especially if I get to attend one of the "staff meals."
4	I would be more specific as to what we had to eat but I am catching up on this review as we were at Petite Maison in February. We had a lovely table outside and the food/wine/beer was terrific.  This is a nice little place and it actually does capture a true French Bistro ambience. Only complaint is the blower on the roof of the building across the street. When that baby kicks in you would think that you are on a runway at Ohare airport.
1	Horrible service, gave away our table to some pushy and demanding people. Would NEVER go there again. Hope they fail like the half built building on boths sides of them, fitting setting for this place.
5	Chef Porter has done it again with this fabulous addition to the Old Town food scene!  This intimate, small restaurant is a welcome change to large, overwhelming and sometimes overly fancy restaurants.  We sat on the patio by the fire with tons of lovely flowers everywhere.  Our server was extremely knowledgeble about both wines and food.  The mussels appetizer was fantastic, but I always love mussel, so not yet quite a true test.  I asked the server what their signature dish was, and he recommended the duck.  So, I ordered the duck, and let me tell you, you haven't lived until you have eaten this dish.  I think I have had duck a couple of other times, but it definelty did not taste like this!  The sweet corn cream sauce was to die for!  Overall, this restaurant went above and beyond expectations and I will be returning!!
4	I've been to Petite Maison four or five times now for lunch, and so far each time the food has been excellent -- EXCELLENT. My only complaint is that I wish there were more of it! No, not the portions -- I mean, I wish their lunch menu could be expanded by just two or three main entrees, so I could have more than just six options to choose from. (Two or three of which are usually salads, and the others are usually sandwiches).Out of everything I've tried, the Pain Poulet is my favorite (a gourmet chicken salad sandwich). There are so many flavors in it, and the sliced almonds and grapes in the mix provide a satisfying crunch and texture. The Burger Maison is a close second. I don't know _what_ kind of sauce they put on it, but it's heaven.Ask for a French soda while you're there! They come in fun flavors -- Mandarin Orange, Meyer Lemon, Peppermint, Passion Fruit, Pomegranate -- and are deliciously different from the norm.
4	Outstanding blend of flavors beautifully presented and pretty darn reasonable.  Had our table on the patio.  Pleasant might on charming setting.
5	I've been wanted to dine at Petite Maison and last night presented me the opportunity to share a nice evening with three dear friends of mine. We went a little later in the evening and were lucky to grab a seat at the bar while we waited for our patio table for four. I opted with a Malbec (delish!) while a tried two martinis my friends selected. I'm terrible at remembering names (of menu items, not people) but one was a cucumber martini and the other martini had ginger - I preferred the second. Both were great, and the bartender was knowledgeable about the wine and made great martinis. We started with the cheese plate. Four different kinds of cheese and accoutrements- we liked it - how can you go wrong with cheese?  My only gripe is that the cheese serving sizes could have been a bit larger for the $$ but I really liked the thoughtful way the platter was assembled so you could compliment the cheese with a variety of things - candied walnuts, Dijon, salt, pepper, olives.... The bartender suggested his three top favorite meals - the salmon, flank stake, and stuffed chicken. My friends and I split the french onion soup - we HAD to try it and I can say - hands down THE best french onion soup I've ever had. I'm not a big eater so I'm sure I'll be back just for soup - amazing!  Well, we split the three meals between the four of us - The chicken was may favorite - served with delicious potatoes. It was a very rich dish, but the chicken was cooked perfectly. The steak was good (medium-rare - just like I like it) and the fries were awesome.  The salmon was delicious as well, but it was served with a pouched egg that was cooled, breaded and then fried. I was the only girl brave enough to try it and I only took one bite with the salmon. Not a fan of the egg - maybe because I couldn't get over the fact that it was cold. All in all, the meal was satisfying, everything was delicious. This was apparent because 4 chatty friends went silent when the food hit the table. When the bill came we noticed that our bar tab wasn't transferred. Of course we let them know (maybe we're too nice?!) and because of our honesty we were given creme brule. So glad we did! Again, amazing. The outside patio is beautiful. I love the quaint ambiance of Petite. I will be returning. You can bet I will get that french onion soup every time I go!
5	Call me conservative.  Call me reserved.  Call me a prude, even.  I don't have sex on the first date, I don't "friend" people I haven't met, and I don't give out five stars on my first visit to a restaurant.  Part of a five star rating is consistency, in my opinion.That being said, I really enjoyed my first visit to PM a couple of weeks ago and couldn't wait to come back.  I didn't want to besmirch this place with a four star rating. I knew that I was going to bestow the coveted five star rating before I even arrived for my second meal at this cute restaurant.I've been to France several times and know the real deal.  Scanning the menu I was heartened to see so many of the classics.  Some people have been dismayed by what they claim is a limited menu.  I think there are plenty of great choices here.  In fact, this is the rare menu where I literally want to try every item!The first visit we had the escargot, salmon and pork dishes.  All were delicious.  I would slightly prefer the escargot in the shell (think Pretty Woman) rather than en croute but that is a minor issue.This last visit we ordered entirely different selections and they were all great.  The mussels in white wine broth were yummy, the Thai snapper was moist and flavorful, and my braised veal cheeks were rich and delicious.  Paired with the meal was a delightful French pinot noir reasonably priced at $40 a bottle.For dessert we had the vanilla souffle with grand marnier creme anglaise.The service was great and the outside patio was very nice.  I think when two people are dining, the side patio is a little more intimate than the front patio.   The french music is a nice touch.What a wonderful restaurant.
4	I am going back!I am going back!I am going back!The food was SOOOOOOOOO outstanding that the blah service did not even matter.  I think our server maybe got family bad news because he was just NOT hopping or happy.  Whilst the bartender was VERY iron chef like, "so this dish is blah blah & it is lightly coated blah and flash fried and and and and", he was AWESOME!  Seriously made us think the patron was a food critic the way this guy was performing!And, the immensely obese 90 year old couple next to us was quite appetizing too!  It is definitely an older crowd, go later, when they're already in bed :-)Regardless, we WILL go back and thoroughly look forward to it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	Highlights:- Escargot en brioche- Mussels- Steak Fritte (medium rare)- Vanilla Souffle (allow 20 min to bake)This was an overall gem during my trip to Scottsdale. The restaurant is very charming and the patio is a MUST. The outdoor seating feels like sitting in the garden of a very wealthy and French friend.The service was also very solid and very professional.I look forward to going back the next time I am in Scottsdale.Price: We spent about $110 for 2, which included two appetizers, 2 drinks each, 2 entrees, 1 dessert, coffee, and a shot of liqueur...so relatively mid to upper range...but well worth it.They also have a smaller menu which they serve from 10 pm to midnight that includes smaller portions and specials, the "staff meal."
5	LOVE Petite Maison!  The burger is the best I've ever had.  And I always enjoy bringing clients here for lunch...
5	After reading many reviews on Yelp, my wife and I figured we'd make this one of our dinner stops while in Scottsdale.  We are very happy that we did.  Our experience was one of the best we've had in the last few years and we've eaten at some really nice restaurants.  Our server was Chad who also happened to be their authority on wine and mixed drinks.  He recommended a lovely Pinot Blanc for my dinner and made a custom martini for my wife who wanted something light and citrus-y. Both were great.The menu is fairly limited but filled with French classics and everything was spot on.  For appetizers I had the escargots en croute and she had the foie gras.  I'd say the foie gras was the better but I thoroughly enjoyed my escargot.  For the main entree my wife had the veal cheeks which was incredibly tender and flavorful.  I chose the pouet roti which was very tasty with a crispy seasoned skin and juicy interior.  For dessert, I chose the vanilla souffle and my wife chose the chocolate creme brulee.  I've never had a better souffle and the grand marnier sauce was such a wonderful addition.  The creme brulee was done perfectly and very good.  I think the souffle was better but there were no regrets on any of our choices.  I also had an apple brandy to go along with my souffle and though I'm no expert on brandies, it seemed just right with my dessert.Chad's service was flawless and we happened to have the outside side dining area all to ourselves until around 9pm.  I guess that's the benefit of eating outside in late June.  We were so thrilled with our meal that next time we're in Scottsdale we're going to come back.  It was so hard to choose off the menu as I wanted to try many of the other options.  Next time.
5	Petite Maison is a wonderful little French restaurant run by a couple tucked away in north Scottsdale. I'll admit this: I've never been for their regular dinner. Instead, I've gone to their ingenious late night seating they refer to as "Staff Meal." Staff meal runs from 10pm-midnight on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday nights. The menu varies dramatically and is only revealed on the day of, at around 4pm over their Twitter account. And it's rarely French.This has the wonderful quality of ensuring something completely new and different will always be on tap. The food served is completely from scratch, "the hard way," no matter what you're ordering, and the pricing for staff meal dishes varies between $8 and $12, with a $5 staff drink to accompany.Since I've started going to staff meal, I've had the pleasure of enjoying duck tacos, foie gras sliders, fried chicken with homemade ranch, oxtail bbq sandwiches, tuna melt, scallops, philly cheesesteaks, and a bunch of other crazy delights. The quality of the dishes is always absolutely top notch, each with their own fun "fine dining" take. The portions are a bit small, but our group splits a cheese platter, and for $10, no one can complain.The staff at Petite Maison is absolutely fantastic. They're attentive, and the owners like to get to know each and every one of their guests when they can. They're passionate about great cooking and staff meal is a fun concept where they allow their sous chefs to create the dishes, giving them flexibility they wouldn't otherwise get at other restaurants.They still include some regular menu items like their escargot and their incredible pommes frites as well, and they have a fantastic bar with some absolutely delightful and exotic liqueurs. Staff meal is typically the highlight of my week, but I've heard amazing things about their regular menu as well so I figure I'll have to make it out before ten one of these days.
3	My girlfriend and I had heard great things about this restaurant and were excited to try it.  In short, the food was mostly spectacular and the wait staff was terrible.  I expect the wait staff to match the quality of the food, and it did not at Petite Maison.  Our aloof waiter, Alex, was very unfriendly, repeatedly called me "bro" and "man," did not refill our drinks, and did not timely clear our table.  This undermines the classiness of an otherwise very sophisticated restaurant.  These are qualities I would expect of a Chile's-caliber restaurant, not a nice French restaurant.That aside, and with regard to the food, the steak tartare was everything I expected it to be - amazing.  The onion soup, however, was mediocre and paled in comparison to the FOS at Capital Grille.  For our entrees, the veal and salmon were both perfect.  We ordered the souffle for desert and it arrived burned.  Very burned.  Alex informed us it was supposd to be that way.  Having had very good souffle before, he was clearly wrong (in addition to the fact that the table next to us was enjoying a very non-black souffle).  Wendy, the extremely courteous manager/owner graciously offered to remove the souffle from our bill.In all, I will return for the delectable food but I will request a different server.
4	Not realizing it was father's day, we tried to goto the breakfast club in which were were in store for a 50 minute wait. On his way over to meet us, Todd F. wandered by Petite Maison and went in to see if they were open. Luck would have it they were and we gave up on the breakfast club and came over here and were we happy we did. I had been wanting to come here for a while now and have just been too busy to have a chance to visit so I was pretty happy today.They have a 3 course selection for breakfast. My first course was the saumon fume which was smoked salmon with creme freche and chives along with chopped eggs. The perfect start to breakfast! The 2nd course I went for the crab crepes which again were awesome. My wife chose the house eggs which are very similar to eggs benedict and after a bite of that, I wish I had chose differently. And finally for desert, we all got the beignets au nuttella which is a pastry that comes with a small bowl of melted nutella. I would of taken the nutella with a spoon and been happy but the pastry was very good as well. All this AND nonstop mimosas, champagne or bellinis. After this breakfast, we are looking forward to going back for the staff meal next friday night.
4	Dear Mom,i think i just fell in love, and i am staying in Scottsdale in desperate attempt to gain the love of that waiter who works at Petite Maison.Of course, as you have expected, that dark and handsome man was completely oblivious of my existence. But i shall not give up and continue to patron this restaurant as often as possible until the day he could remember my plain face. Isn't that what dad does to those bar girls anyway? See, tenaciousness runs in the family.say what? frequent a french restaurant everyday is too out of my budget? no no no, see.. we came here as three girls and ordered at least 5 appetizers on top of dessert and wine, and the bill came a little short of $60 dollars.say what? my asian stomach cannot handle the undercooked french cuisine on a daily basis? no no no, see... although disappointed by their escargot which could use a little more salt and butter, their Moules Maison that is made of mussells and white wine sauce had the most enticing aroma and the most wonderful sauce base, i was ready to lick the plate when finished. Their foie gras for a minimal $13 was silky and creamy to the point that, it was literally dancing on the tip of my tongue like a little piece of heaven.oh, and i have no problem staying in this 110 degree weather mom, the nicely-decored restaurant sprinkled tiny rain drops along the wall to cool down my lovelorn heart.  it would only make this place the more romantic by being directly across street from a south coast worthy mall.now only i can get that darn wedding ring off his finger...........................................okay, i am coming home, mom, and will continue to stay home being your single and pathetic over-aged daughter.
5	This place is a little gem! The restaurant has a very intimate feel. Cute little place tucked away in Old Town (and i am NOT a Scottsdale girl). I love French food and its hard to find a place that gets it right, and man to they get it RIGHT! The waiter gave us recommends, and he did not lead us a stray. The cheese was delicious and a great starter. The french onion soup was top notch. The Veal Cheek is reason enough to come back over and over! It was over the top good! Great date spot! Will hit this place again!
1	I've been to this restaurant several times for lunch - it's close to the office. The burger is good and Nicoise salad is also a personal favorite. Well it was... In fact I was put off the restaurant as a whole due to a recent experience. The last time I ordered the Nicoise salad with Salmon the potatoes were stale! And by stale I mean noticably shriveled and inside/to taste 100% stale. Given they are a main component of the salad I mentioned it to the waiter when he asked how my meal was. He seemed surprised that I would say anything other than, 'yes it's good thanks' and my response literally caught him off balance... 'I'll mention it to the chef', he said. A few minutes later the waiter returned and thanked me. Erm for what? Telling you the potatoes were stale? There was no offer to replace or sub the  potatoes. In all honesty I didn't really care - I was on a lunch break and it was more important for me to eat within the time I had available... About 5 minutes passed and a lady sitting at the bar ordered the same Nicoise salad. I watched with interest as it was placed in front of her curious as to whether they had subbed the stale potatoes. A few minutes later on a return run to the kitchen I overheard the waiter remark to the chef, 'we've got to dump those potatoes, she's the third person we've had today picking them out and leaving them aside...' So they knew about the issue before I reported it and served me, then after I complained they served them to another customer. My check arrive - there was no mention of the potatoes or any adjustment to the check. I'm done going to Petite Mason - but I'm not done telling this story to everyone I meet!!!
2	So disappointing.  I was expecting so much but my salmon was so bland and dry that I didn't finish it.  My friend said her chicken was just on edge of being bad.  Meaning with a slightly off taste. I could make a better salad but my friend said her soup was good.  After dinner we thought we were being kind to move to the bar so our server could seat someone else at her table.  Turns out the bartender didn't take kindly to our sitting there (not busy at the bar) and suggested we should go somewhere else if we weren't going to order more wine.  After a bottle of wine at dinner and spending over $100 I think we should have been okay to sit for 30 minutes.I won't be back.
5	I have never had such a perfectly cooked steak in my entire life! This is my new favorite place in the valley!!We started w/ the sangria-style cocktail - a yummy blend of red wine, brandy and triple sec w/ an orange rind garnish. They were potent and delish! For starters, fois gras and mussels. The Fois Gras melted in your mouth like butter and was served w/ grilled peaches and a small piece of grilled bread - it was SO SO GOOD. One of the most wonderful things I have ever  put in my mouth! The mussels were amazing as well, served in a simple thick pernod lemon butter with leeks. They brought us bread so we could enjoy every bit of the broth.For entrees, we had steak frite and duck confit. The duck was cooked to perfection, falling off the bone with crispy skin and a perfect amount of sauce and vegie medley The steak frite was to-die-for - medium rare was perfectly red - every bite melted in my mouth - it was truly heavenly.For desert, we had the chocolate creme brulee - it was perfectly caramelized over the entire surface! As a creme brulee connoisseur, I can tell you that nothing is more disappointing than a half-assed caramelized top - this one set a new standard for how creme brulee should be done!You definitely want to make a reservation for this place - it's a tiny little cozy room with a bar and lots of tiny tables. It was cramped, but I never felt like I didn't have enough space. This is not a superficial spot - people were dressed casually and everyone in the place was having a great time. This is not a place to eat with children, but fantastic for a date night. HIGHLY recommend this place!!! Great food, great service, great atmosphere!!!! TEN STARS!!
4	Cuuute place - good food, good service, and open later than most places in phoenix ...wine list is well priced and good selection...Will be back to check out regular dinner selections and maybe a goo lunch option...
4	I got wind of the @PetiteMaisonAZ Staff Dinner, w/ Guest @ChefBeckett, from @JuxtaPalate, so I decided to check it out.I'm so very glad I did.For a fantastic price, I had two of the best enchiladas I may have ever eaten;Rock Shrimp & Cheese Enchiladas w/Avocado Salsa & Guajillo Chile SauceThe presentation was great, with plenty of color, and good contrast. The guajillo sauce thoroughly covered, but did not drench.Each bite was chock full of shrimp and gooey cheese, and there wasn't any variation of content that is often found in enchiladas.From first bite to last, it was a pleasure to enjoy.The venue itself is tiny, with maybe 8 or 10 tables, and bar seating for about 12 or 14. Tonight it was PACKED!Wendy, whom I believe is a manager (sorry, Wendy) informed me that on the Guest Chef nights, the Staff Dinners have larger turnouts. Given the attendance tonight, I can readily accept that as truth.I have been wanting to try Petite Maison for quite some time, but time and money haven't always worked in my favor. I am thankful to Ty for announcing this particular Staff Dinner, and introducing me to the wonders Petite Maison possesses.I must return soon to try the Saumon Fume Rillette!Thanks to Chef Beckett for the wonderful meal, and a hearty good luck to him in his new venture!
4	It was Saturday. I just had an amazing massage. My best friend, who was visiting from Tucson via France, was with me for the weekend, and I thought Petite Maison would be the perfect lunch spot. I was hoping she'd wow them with her French.  Instead, they wowed us with their sumptuous food. It was past the typical noon lunch time when we arrived, and the restaurant was empty.  We thought maybe they were closed. But, it was a Saturday... that couldn't have been the case.  A few seconds of waiting, the waiter arrives and tells us that they are serving brunch (apparently they only serve brunch on the weekends from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m.) and that they have a three course brunch menu if we'd like that. I was sort of hoping for lunch, but I thought, well, we are here, so why not.With brunch came mimosas. Unlimited mimosas. But, that was just the beginning. First came the Samon Fume -- smoked salmon with capers, chopped eggs, creme fraiche and toast. I've never had smoked salmon, but after that course, I'm hooked!  Then came the Crepes de Crabe -- crab stuffed crepes with a decadent tarragon sauce. And, after eating every morsel and thinking how my stomach was able to devour everything on each plate, I found more room in my seemingly bottomless stomach for the final course -- Beignets Au Nutella.  Puffy golden gifts from God with a devilish chocolate/hazelnut dipping sauce.  It was like I was eating each course like it was like the last one I would ever have. But, damn, if I had a choice, these dishes may just be the ones I'd want to eat before my final goodbye.  My only complaints, and they are very minor, is the price for the three courses was a bit high for me ($29), and I wish they served lunch on the weekends.  Despite that, I had a great meal and it was a nice treat for me and my friend.  Plus, it gives me an excuse to go back another time for lunch and dinner.If I knew how to speak French, I'd end with a great French saying. But all I've got is this: C'etait fantastique!
4	I was hesitant about dining here, not being a fan of French cuisine and knowing they would probably have foie gras and veal on their menu. But I had driven by it a couple of times and the patio looked charming - certainly different than the other restaurants in the area. I am glad that I finally decided to dine here. The inside is nothing to write home about, but the patio takes you to another place and time. The flowers and vines, along with Edith Piaf are just enough to extricate you from the pretentious surroundings of Scottsdale.I began with the salad,  which was fresh and just enough to whet the appetite. Warm, fresh bread was served along with the salad, and the pinot blanc was delicious and refreshing to see on the menu. I was already feeling quite good about the evening.For the entree, I ordered the salmon lyonaise -  this was exquisite. Great quality salmon, tender and juicy. The roasted potatoes were perfect and the egg on top made this quite an enchanting entree.  I will definitely return, and hopefully leave enough room for dessert and coffee.
5	I finally had a chance to try Petite Maison for my birthday dinner and let me say, they absolutely exceeded my expectations.Start with the service. Chad & Mike have been my usual waiters when I've swung through on Staff Meal, so I was happy to see they'd be helping take care of us for dinner. Both of them represent the absolute top of the trade with regards to waitstaff. Mike is fantastic tending bar while Chad has an encyclopedic knowledge of every single food, special, beer, wine, and cocktail on the menu, and both bring a passion to their craft you may not be used to seeing.I had a porterhouse special for two that was cooked perfectly, with some incredible potatoes and asparagus (and on a follow-up for my brother's birthday, tried their menu regular steak frites to fantastic effect).Try the pommes frites--you'll be amazed that "fries" can taste so good, even if you end up using them as a simple vehicle to get more aioli in your mouth. You *will* destroy your napkin though, if you're eating them as finger food, as they're coated in paprika and other spices.Overall, everything was spot on, and I couldn't be happier. These are people who are passionate about ensuring you have a great dining experience and it really shows. Make sure you get reservations, since they are VERY small inside (around 35 seats?) and they can get completely slammed quickly.
5	My wife and I have eaten at Petite Maison twice this summer, and both times we have been impressed by the food and the service. We used to be regulars at Metro, but have now decided to switch due to superior quality food, better value, and swifter, more attentive service at PM. PM is a little hard to find, yet it is creating such buzz in our neighborhood that it is almost always necessary to make a reservation. We recommend the foie gras, the fish dinner for two, the salmon, and the steak frites. The French onion soup was excellent as well.
4	Petite Maison has nice French food at a decent price. Great hors d'oeuvres. I like Rillettes de saumon, steak tartare, and croque Monsieur. Desserts are excellent. Tarte Tatin is my favorite! I've never had Creme brulee au chocolat there but my dad says it's really good too. Go try it, you won't be disappointed!
5	Typical Review follows:Service:  Excellent, it appears the server we had tonight is also an owner to some degree.  He knew everything necessary to answer any questions and supplement with additional ideas. Food:  I have had good French food in the past and this met or exceeded my expectations.  For the money...cant be beat.Location: No complaints here.  Lighting was very nice and the bar tiling had a great color.
4	Went for their staff meal last night.Sooooooooo good!They had roasted bone marrow & sand dabs.  We also ordered escargots and the mussels.  Everything was without question delectable!!!Service was above and beyond brilliant.  We sat at the bar, Mikey was the bartender and he was just absolutely fabulous!!!  One can not go wrong dining here!
4	My mom, my sisters and I came to Petite Maison last night for dinner after a day of work. It's such a cute little place, and rings true to the style of so many restaurants I visited while living in France. It got a little confusing with our server however, who left us with another server for a little while, and then came back at the end of the meal. We started out with a cheese plate and an order of escargot, which was a perfect appetizer...just enough to get the taste buds going but not too much to make you feel full already. Next we all passed around the salade maison, as well as the salad special and a bowl of french onion soup. The salade maison was good, however I felt that the chevre lacked its typical flavor and was somewhat bland instead. On the flip side, both the onion soup and the salad special were phenonimal. My mom and my sister had the fish for two, which was a full Loup de Mer with potatoes and haricots verts. Both of them said it was fantastic, especially the meat from under the gills. I had the pork tenderloin with leeks, brussel sprouts and apple cider reduction...it was absolutely delicious. They cook the pork medium, so there is still a tad of pink and its nice and juicy. I have the other half of the meal in my fridge and cannot wait to have that again! My twin sister got the roasted chicken with oyster stuffing and truffles and was not dissappointed in the least. For dessert we shared the chocolate creme brulee, which if the name itself doesnt give away its heavenly nature, the taste certainly will.
5	I've been procrastinating on this review because I have yet to get to Petite Maison for anything other than their late night staff meal. However, I cannot wait any longer, as I have never had anything but an exceptional experience here. Having known Chef James & Wendy from their previous restaurant (Tapino), I expected Petite Maison to be top-notch, but this location is so welcoming and cozy.They could go cheap on the late night staff meals and the red cup specials, but they don't; the quality of the flavors are unbelievable. I've had a decadent foie gras mac & cheese, poutine with an over-the-top fried egg, and most recently, the most supreme BBQ beef piled on polenta. Each of these dishes were consumed on different occasions and each for just $10. The quality never fails and the staff is always friendly and accommodating. They even kept my leftovers warm the other night until I was ready to pack it in & head out (without me asking).
3	Totally hit-or-miss experiences.  But overall, there is something missing. I'll be back because of the location and absence of other bistros in Scottsdale.
4	My sweet hubby brought me here for my b-day the other night.  Note, this is a Scottsdale 5 star, otherwise known as a Chicago, California, or New York 4 star rating.  This may possibly be my favorite restaurant in Scottsdale.  Amazing food.  Unpretentious and cozy atmosphere.  Got the steak frites.  Asked for veggies instead of frites and ended up with steak green beans.  It was excellent.  We asked for a smooth red wine.  I had possibly my second best red wine ever.  We also ordered a scallop appetizer and the escargots.  Both were cooked almost to perfection - however lacking in salt for my personal preference, which is an easy fix.   I would definitely go back.  Don't recommend this for large parties.  However, it is the perfect place for smaller, intimate parties.
5	Petite Maison, you may earn the title of petite in the size of your little Maison but your food earns the title of grande! The appearance of Petite Maison earns a point because it's this adorable little cottage situated in the middle of the hustle and bustle of Old Town. True to its French roots, the stucco exterior is full of greenery and flowers and resembles a cottage straight out of a french children's book. It's just as dainty inside. When you first walk in, it's similar to walking into an enchanted cottage with a bar on the left and intimate dining on the right. The patio is hidden and covered with plants. While petite, it really is the perfect size for the concept. The food is tres bon. I've tried their two specialties: the salmon braconne and the burger Maison. My goal is to try everything on the menu but for now I think I've gotten le creme of the crop in the cuisine department! Normally more of a sandwich girl myself, I heard that the salmon salad was pretty spectacular so I had to give it a go. The reviews don't lie my friends. It's delicious. It's buttery, delectable, refreshing and literally melts in your mouth. The poached salmon is cooked to perfection and I wish I had the entire salad and not just half! However, the burger was just as spectacular as I hoped as well. With the brioche bun and gooey cheese, it also melted in your mouth and the bread was as soft as can be. Next on my list is to try the Croque Monsieur because if it's anything like the food I've already tried, then I know my taste buds are in for a treat! All in all, Petite Maison lends for an adorable experience and I think this would be a good restaurant to go with friends, your Mom or even on a date. Or all of the above! The staff is incredibly friendly and I wish they would place petite maisons all over the valley! We need more french dining like this.
4	I am horrified it took me so long to review this - it took me a few months to track down Chris Porter's new place last year.  Having found it, I took my wife there for her birthday in early January, 2010.Not the extravaganza of the old Tapino.  But the gastronomic delights didn't diminish in the slightest.The old homestead is perfectly suited to the simpler menu.To paraphrase a Hannibal Lecter line [another gastronome, come to think of it], our world is a richer place for Chris Porter's continued presence in it.
5	As our week unfolded we realized that we would be kid free for the whole night Friday night! Let me repeat, the WHOLE night! Whoo hoo! With not much time to plan I asked a foodie friend where she suggested we go for dinner. She knew my husband has really been into anything French since returning from a recent trip to France so she suggested Petite Maison. I yelped the restaurant and was sold. (Thanks reviewers!) I immediately made reservations. On the day I made reservations for Friday it was cold and drizzly. I asked about heat lamps on the patio and they said they did not have any so I went for an indoor reservation. As stated by fellow reviewers, this place has charm oozing from every corner. I was disappointed that I had wimped out on outdoor dining because the patio is so inviting with a surrounding garden and a fireplace in the corner. But the inside is quite charming itself. Love the little chandeliers over every table. I started with the mussels and my husband ordered the french onion soup. The mussels were spectacular. They come in a wine broth with a grilled lemon for squeezing. A piece of toasted bread is served along side for sopping up the sauce. I could have stopped there and been satisfied. My husbands soup as cheesy and piping hot. It was a little on the sweet side and lacking some needed saltiness but was still delicious. For dinner I ordered an item that was new to the menu beginning that night, Pork Belly served on a butternut squash and bacon hash. It was cooked perfectly with a really, really great crust on the bottom and the soft pork fat crunchy and delicious on top. I had never had pork belly before and asked our server about it prior to ordering. He described perfectly and his suggestion that I try it did not disappoint. The sweet butternut squash hash was an excellent compliment. My husband ordered the Steak Frite. I have never, ever had a bite of steak better than that. It is served with a Maitre'd butter on top that made the experience all the better. The Frites (fries) were golden and spicy served with fantastic mustard sauce for dipping. We were so perfectly full and satisfied that we skipped ordering dessert. Next time, I'll save room. The service was impeccable. Attentive, educational, perfectly timed. And finally, the value was unbelievable. We've spent much more for worse or equal. Lovely little gem.
3	Did not live up to its hype.First off, the good. The service was wonderful and the wine they recommended was right up my alley. My husband's pork belly was amazing, quite flavorful and cooked perfectly. He also raved about his foie gras.Now, the bad. Based on reviews of this place, I foolishly expected it to be cute. The outside IS very quaint with lots of  flowers in pots, cozy tables and people watching. But if you end up sitting inside (I know who does that in AZ, but it was chill outside!)...the place will remind you of an old Tahoe log cabin. And not in a good way. The sparkly little chandeliers and a few gilt framed mirrors do not a cute French cabin make. Inside seating itself is reminiscent of your local pub dive bar where you are all shoved together on long benches.Enough about the decor. The food to me was unimpressive. This place seemed to be old school French. Not nouveau or anything gastropubbish weird. We're talking snails and frites and foie gras. French ain't easy to do but I figured with the amount of fabulous reviews, that this place would know how to do it.Wrong. My mussels rested in tepid, untasty broth. My steak and frites meal (a simple classic that is a no brainer in a French restaurant) was appalling. The steak looked like an overdone piece of mutton and the fries were SEASONED. Yes...as in Jack in the Box curly fries.Lastly, the coffee was incredibly weak which was bizarre considering it was through a French press. The only saving grace in the meal for me was that the dark and milk chocolate creme brulee dessert was so rich wonderful, I almost felt I could overlook the countless other ways this place fell short. Almost.It was disappointing to have such a lukewarm experience given the fabulous reviews here... especially given it was our most expensive meal in AZ. Possibly it was an off night for the chef, who knows. My husband enjoyed his meal and the experience itself was enjoyable, but it seemed I made all the wrong selections. Except for that rich luscious dessert. Next time I'll just skip the MEAL part and go straight for the sweets.
4	Romantic bistro. Small but cozy interior. Nice garden patio. Delicious French cuisine, some of the very best you will find in Arizona. If you know something about French cuisine you will probably like this place. If you are unfamiliar with French cuisine this is a good place to experience French tastes. Professional mixer at the bar, Chad. The dinner appetizers were our favorite. I was not impressed with the complimentary table bread served with the entree and I did experience what seemed to be food-borne illness a few hours after dining at Petite Maison. My companion did not experience any symptoms so I'm not sure what could have caused the illness. But all the items we ordered from the dinner menu were very good and I would dine there again in a heartbeat.
4	I recently had the pleasure of dining at Petite Maison.The experience was absolutely wonderful. I critique a restaurant onthe following:Food - taste, presentation, creativity and use of ingredientsService - level of sophistication of the sever, knowledge of themenu, and attention to my needsAtmosphere - quality of flatware, stemware, and overall ambiancePetite Maison delivered high quality gourmet delights thatwere succulent, chic, and innovative. I would compare the quality ofmy meal with Binkley's, Methode, Vincent's on Camelback, or Sophie'sBistro - but at a much better value. If you're a foodie like me you willwant to sample the entire menu.  If you are in Phoenix, visiting or a resident I challenge you to find a better restaurant to patron.
4	Nice little place with good, solid French food.  The steak tartar was great and the other food pretty good.  Great little patio to dine in is a big plus now with our current best weather in the country status.  THis is the kind of place we need about a thousand of.
4	Incredible food, service and ambiance. Traditional French food done perfectly. One of my favorite restaurants in all of AZ. Perfect for special occasions with the lady. Only reason I'm giving 4 instead of 5 stars was the souffle wasn't as sweet as I'm used to. Might just be my american taste buds not used to traditional french souffles, but hey, it's my review, my taste buds :-)Still an incredible place.
2	The service was good but I was very disappointed in the food! Very salty and fatty food :( will not be back
5	Im not really a foodie, Id rather buy a pair of jeans or a cute top then splurge on a really expensive dinner...except if the dinner is at Petite Mason. One of my girlfriends does the owners hair so she loves going in there, awhile back she invited me to go with her, ever since then we all try to get together and go to their Sunday brunch or to dinner at least once a month. I can honestly say its my absolute favorite restaurant in Scottsdale. I love it. We are going again tonight and I can not wait. If you are looking for somewhere to have a glass of wine and a cheese plate, Mimosas and brunch on a Sunday or an extravagant dinner, Petite Mason is just the spot. Their food is amazing and the staff is inviting and charming. Id recommend Petite for any occasion!
3	Good experience.  House salad was killer. That champagne dressing is to die for. Hanger steak was a tad on the rare side. Might error on ordering a bit more done in than other locations. Ian, the waiter, was knowledgeable and not timid in offering advice. French press is good.
4	This one has been on my list for a long time.  The patio is sooooo cozy so I definitely need a little wine.  The good news is I had one of the best chardonnays of my life....Novellum.  Bad news is I had one of the worst red wines of my life but in our server's  defense he said it had "barn yard funk" tannins.  I now know I dislike the Negrette grape even more than malbec.  Eating and drinking is often trial and error.   After a trip to Alabama my husband swore off mustard b/c it was on everything in Bama.  I proud to announce the "mustardish" sauce on the Steak Frites brought him back to mustard, no small feat,  The steak tartare was excellent, the french little bread was a bit dry and needed something maybe a flavored butter?   The desserts were limited but the apple desert was excellent.  Our sever was cute, busy, and a bit slow.  Overall the price is fantastic for the quality.
3	Yet another disappointing experience in Scottsdale. I made a reservation for Petite Maison at 10pm for staff meal on Saturday night.  I was very excited until I saw the menu.  The menu was essentially the same as the dinner menu but with half as many items.  Maybe I misread the other reviews but I thought staff meal consisted of slightly different items.Anyway, my two friends each ordered steak frites and I ordered paella (which was on the only item not also on the regular dinner menu). We also ordered some escargot to start. The steaks came out great and my paella was very tasty as well. In terms of food, the quality was the best we had all trip. So what was the problem, right? At first, the service was just slow. It took forever to get our waiter's attention to order and another 20 minutes to get an appetizer.  Then it was another 15 minutes before the steaks came out. After a while, the service became unacceptably rude. So the paella was $12 and you just walk up to the chef on the patio to get your serving.  When I returned from the chef with my plate, my friend pointed out to me that other people had gotten larger plates of paella.  I looked at my plate and realized that it was piled high in shells (mussels and clams) and had very little rice.  It appeared to me that others had gotten more so I asked the waiter about the size of my plate.  He said something to the effect of - although the plates are different sizes, he "thinks" the portions are the same.  I was a little skeptical but I ate the rest of my paella.  Once I finished my paella, I noticed other people with large plates again.  I wasn't sure but it definitely looked like they had more paella than me so I brought up the topic again to the hostess, this time.She immediately became very defensive and told me the same thing that the waiter had said, but with more conviction.  I said ok, and that was it.  After that, the service went downhill.  They stopped talking to us. When we asked for the check, it was dropped on our table with a glare and without a word.  When my friend asked for more hot water, the waiter looked annoyed.  When we left the restaurant, the hostess was at her station but she didn't bother to say "thanks" or "bye" like they do at 99% of restaurants.  I honestly felt like a second-class citizen.I asked my friend (whose family owns a restaurant) what would happen if one of their customers had done the same thing as me.  He said that first of all - to avoid confusion, the restaurant should use the same sized plate.  But if the customer is convinced that the portion is not the same, it would be a far wiser choice to just give the customer another plate rather than argue with them. In this case, it would've been very easy to do since the paella was already pre-made and sitting in a large pan on the patio.  I'm not saying that I was right in that my portion was actually less.  It's quite possible that it was the same as everyone else's and my perception was wrong but there's no reason to get an attitude about it.  What happened to "customer is king?"
5	Best class trip ever. My first time having Escargot. excellent menu that changes. Maybe I should stop writing and do a dance instead.*does dance*-will
5	Quality, consistent, savory, sexy dishes.  Petite Maison is a top-class secret in Scottsdale.  From the moment you walk into the "secret garden" patio and are greeted by the hostess to the service and delivery of your desert, you will be wowed.Last night was more than dinner.  It was a trip to France with friends.  It was a tour of the taste buds.  Let me lay out the facts, I was dining alone, I ate at the bar and the restaurant was busy.  My menu was Coq au Vin, Porc et Lardons and a glass of Cotes du Rhone. (menu)This was more than a simple meal and was delicious.  Starting with the amuse bush of a fluff pasty stuffed with Gruyere cheese.  Tasty!  Next, my scallops came out (Coq au vin).  Cooked perfectly, hot, and the crust on top was exactly right, and mushrooms were fresh!  After a short chat with Chad the bartender and Sommelier, the Porc et Lardons arrived.  This was not your average short rib dish, it was firm and soft, aromatic and perched on top of butternut squash and bacon.  The most interesting accompaniment to my meal was a dash of maple syrup on the plate; it worked swimmingly with the short rib and squash.  My taste buds had a whirlwind and decadent experience. As I finished off my Cote du Rhone, and engaged the restaurant in conversation, an apple tartan appeared, compliments of the chef since I was from Chicago!  I was truly humbled to be in the company of such a great restaurant.  Embraced by the owners, staff and food, and delivered a meal beyond satisfaction.This small, poised restaurant is sure to delight at all levels, when dining alone, as couple or a table of 10, Petite Maison can deliver the secluded, sexy appeal of a true special culinary experience.I encourage you all to forget Open Table for a second, forget chain restaurants, pickup your phone and call for a reservation.  I can sincerely tell you that after you dine here, you will NOT want to tell your friends for fear that they will take your table.Let them know you read my review on Yelp and had to give them a try.  Cindy and James are the best and I hope you enjoy the experience as much as I did!Great food alone, served best with great friends.
5	Simply one of the best meals I have ever had...although the quantity and fat content had to take a year off of my life...but so worth it.This review, which is primarily based on the amazing Offal Halloween Menu last October 31, 2010, must finally be written.  I think the delay was my concern that I would spend more of the review using puns than actually describing the experience.  Fortunately, enough time has passed, so no puns.  (But still too many ellipses) The space is indeed petite and very cozy.  We sat outside, which was great, and I actually prefer that over the slightly too bright interior.  Of course there was the incident with the homeless man asking for some of my tongue and I had to stab him at just the suggestion that I would sacrifice any of my veal tongue! (No...not really).  It is actually a nice patio away from the buzz of Scottsdale Rd.The dinner itself was over-the-top amazing. Head cheese, trotter, tongue, and foie gras creme brulee...for real!  The creme brulee set my calorie counter way over the edge, it was perfectly rich and creamy, and salty, and slightly sweet.  Not a dish that has a great name appeal, but so worth the taste.Even with the wine paring, the four course meal was $74 a piece. Just enough left over to make a donation to PETA out of guilt.  A great deal based on the quality, effort, and beautiful preparation.  Each dish was clearly well thought out and expertly put together.The wine list is good and not filled with the usuals.  The restaurant makes a real effort to bring in good values and unique wines.I haven't eaten here outside of this one amazing meal, but I am quite sure if the chef pulled off this menu, the main menu is equally good.
4	O-M-G. I love French cuisine and haven't really found a good French restaurant here in AZ, but this is now one of my favorite restaurants! The escargot was delicious and the foie gras melted in my mouth! My husband and I went for our anniversary and had a blast! We will definitely go back! Must try the bone marrow~!
5	We love the setting of this place - it feels like we're in France! It's cozy and beautifully decorated. The food is very delicious and fresh, and they definitely try to make every item unique to them. We took a family friend here who reviews restaurants, and she called this place "very memorable." I say that's about right!
5	Thanks to Chef Porter and his staff at Petite Maison restaurant in Scottsdale for making our post Official Grand Opening dinner of NELSON WADE so enjoyable!
5	What a wonderful surprise for lunch today!  This place is just beautiful and we were able to sit out on the patio for a fantastic lunch!  We both had the jardin sandwich - zucchini, sun dried tomatoes, brie and pesto.  It came with a side of green beans, carrots and cauliflower mixed in a wonderful mustard sauce.  The inside of the restaurant is so cozy and quaint as well - lots of wood and chandeliers above every table!  I highly recommend this place.
4	A friend and I got there after 10pm....after late night shopping....and they had a great late night dinner menu.  I have to say they specially let me order the foie gras which was outstanding.  The service was great and the waiter even had a personal concierge service car over to pick us up.  I would go back again the next time I am in town.
4	I really enjoyed dining here.  It's a small space inside but plenty of tables outside.  The flowers, the exposed beams, large bar - great atmosphere.  I sat at the bar which is good for dining alone.  The bartender is very friendly.  I had the foie gras and the pork belly for dinner.  The foie gras was ok because the brioche was over powering with to much sweetness.  The pork belly is divine.  The meat melts in the mouth, and the butternut squash and bacon bits compliment each other very well.    The only problem is both dishes are so high in fat and I had to forgo the very popular cream bulee......  Another disappointment is that they don't have an espresso machine and only french press coffee.It's a great spot to stop by when visiting here.  Great date spot as well.
5	One of the best spots for Sunday brunch without stuffing yourself like you would at a buffet. Setting is cozy reminiscent of a spot in Provence, staff is attentive without being overbearing and the food is superb and exquisitely prepared. The a la carte Sunday brunch is a three course menu and very reasonably priced. My three courses were:-Quiche Lorraine- Steak with Eggs and pommes frites served with bearnaise-Tarte TatinTheir coffee is great and served French press style. Now that the weather is warming up, the patio is delightful to sit on and mingle and relax with good friends.At $ 29 per person plus tax and grat, I really was pleasantly surprised. Chef James Porter really found a great location for this restaurant and the cuisine is truly outstanding.
3	Went there the other day for a ladies lunch. We sat on the patio because it was such a beautiful day...Love AZ for this!We shared the mussels, pomme frites and the Lardon blt sandwich.  Very attentive staff. (Maybe a bit too much at times?) I'd rather more than less, I suppose I shouldn't complain....Anyways, I did enjoy our lunch.  With mimosa in hand, we dig into our dishes. Mussels were delicious, very fresh, in a traditionally French simple herb butter sauce.  I just wish there was more plain crusty bread to soak up the broth with! Pomme frites were good too, but for me, i like my fries with a tad less seasoning.  We also tried the Lardon sandwich.  Next time we both agreed to have the aoli on the side, because there was just wayy too much on it. I also would suggest using heirloom tomatoes?  Just a few small little extra touches would take that dish to the next step.  We will go back and check out the dinner menu which looks to have more interesting choices.  I love sitting out on this adorable patio soaking in some vitamin d and enjoying the beautiful weather!
2	Perhaps we were there on a really  "off" night, but the four of us were extremely disappointed in the meal.  The salmon and pork belly entrees came out cold and had to be sent back.  The chicken (all dark meat much to my husband's chagrin) was look warm.    The service was adequate, but not great.  The only positive remark I have is that it is a darling little place.
3	Am I a french reject for adoring pomme frites? Quelle dommage... they are quite yummy here. If you get a late-night hungering, they do staff dinners Thursday, Friday and Saturday until almost midnight. Even with their tres generous pours of MALIBU RUM, I am still not brave enough to try mussels, escargot or any of the slimy dishes they serve. But they do have meat so that's good enough for me.  The patio is cozy and inviting while the interior is quaint, yet somewhat claustrophobic. Best for some one-on-one time or with a small gathering outside. They do not have room to accommodate large parties of people.
5	It was a short visit but I will certainly be back for dinner, I was there on Thursday night for their servers dinner.  Possibly the best taco's I've ever had, I can't remember better, and the Carlsberg was at the perfect temperature and the bartender was great.  What's not to love about this place, next time I'll have to come for the full thing!
4	We brought Grandpa here to celebrate his 92nd birthday. I was a wee bit concerned taking him out on V-day weekend because you know how they are about crowds and loud spaces. I was pleasantly surprised. Normally the environment in which I'm stuffing my face doesn't even register. If I'm shoveling in the highest quality lobster money can buy I really don't care if I'm doing it in an abandoned warehouse or in a marble and 14k gold Disney palace. However, I did notice the cute and rustic vibe at this place right away. First of all, it's not right in the middle of Old Town (it's kind of off to the side) so parking was an absolute dream come true. HUGE bonus. The front area was a lovely garden/patio dining area where I would have loved to eaten. Alas -- the family's not much for al fresco so in we went. The space was tiny but warm and pleasant. We ate at a back table that offered the perfect amount of room for our party of 10. The music evoked images of sad, drunken, smoking French clowns but it was unobtrusive enough. Service was very attentive. Nobody was sat near us until the place began to fill, water was refilled promptly and the staff was very friendly. Foooooddddd....the steak tartar was amazing. Mussels were cooked to perfection. French onion soup was the gold standard. The foie gras was good but not the best presentation I've had. It was served on a piece of brioche with raspberry coulis. It came across as a burned piece of toast with jam and a piece of foie gras plopped on top. Duck was good but the risotto was AMAZING. The steak was great as were the fries that it came with. The salmon looked overcooked and my brother was not a fan of the blueberry sauce that it was served with. Overall great experience and I'd love to return for brunch on the patio!
5	My friend Nancy and I decided to try a place neither one of us had been to, and she recommended Petit Maison.  It is a lovely place, just east of Scottsdale Rd. on Shoeman.We arrived at 1 p.m., so we missed the lunch crowd and opted to sit outside in the shade to enjoy our 70's degree weather.Instead of ordering wine by the glass, we decided to order a bottle of a nice French Pinot Noir (reasonable for $40).  Nancy ordered the daily fish special, which was a pan seared dover sole, while the waiter recommended I combine the smoked salmon with the vegetarian sandwich.  Both were delicious.However, the most pleasant surprise was dessert (which I hardly ordered).  We ordered the beignets (sp?) with chocolate sauce: WOW.  They were freshly prepared and the chocolate sauce was fantastic.  I'll definitely be back.NOTE:  Parking is available on the street and next door lot, but there is not clear sign.
5	I usually dismiss Phoenix as an excellent culinary scene but Petite Maison really has shown me another side. Their CATERED beef tongue with delicious bone marrow mash potatoes is smooth haunting perfection and on par with food I have loved at Boulud and Jean Georges in NYC. I am so happy to find a delicious hidden gem!
4	Nice approach from the street, a little tucked away and inviting, distinguished from the other kind of party places in the area.Menu reads well, all the French dishes you'd expect, coq au vin, steak frites, steamed mussels.Nice friendly staff, welcoming, unassuming.  Sat at the bar, by my lonesome, bartender, Mikey, knows what he's doing.  Made me a great Negroni.  I had the mussels and coq au vin, both were typically French, mussels especially, my only thought is the potato gratin served with the coq au vin didn't fit, in France it's not a potato dish, though at Bistro Jeanty in Yountville, CA they serve it with buttered noodles, as the French Chef says he used to have it when he was a kid.  But the flavors were just like I've had it in France: great dish.Surprising wine list with both a Burgundy and Bordeaux by the glass (getting a little tired of the Merlot/Malbec routine around here), but my only gripe is that they refrigerate the wines as they should, but not nearly cold enough so I still had to ask that they chill the wine a bit: Mikey was nice enough to chill it in an ice bath rather than my having to add ice to it like I have to do everywhere else in Scottsdale, as everyone serves their wine at room temperature rather than at cellar temperature, which is plus or minus 65 degrees, according to the Court of Master Sommeliers.  Please Scottsdale, you're getting good prices for your wines in restaurants, serve them at the proper temperature!Overall, the food and wine made me feel I was in France, loved it.  Most distinguished meal in Scottsdale.
5	Two words:  CHAMPAGNE BRUNCH.  Do it.$29 gets you a belly-busting three-course brunch PLUS bottomless champagne, mimosas, and bellinis!I started off with a salad, then had the "oeufs maison" (a sort of French version of eggs benedict), and finished with the nutella beignets.  Yum, yum, and YUM.   The food is straightforward, classic, and well done.As I watched other entrees come out of the kitchen, I wished I had ordered the steak and eggs - It looked amazing (not to mention amazing value!).I also had a taste of the tart tatin dessert - not great.  You gotta go with the beignets!This quaint little restaurant is located on a side street and is easy to miss if you're trying to spot it from the main road.  Outside seating is wonderful - feels like you're in a private garden - and the inside is warm and woody, with French music playing softly in the background.  Perfect for a fancy brunch with the girls, or a quiet, romantic Friday night.Will definitely be back!
5	My wife and I went here on our bi-weekly date night a few months ago. I da just gotten back from France and was still feeling good about my culinary experience. I was a little hesitant at first to believe that an American place could match the flavors that I enjoyed, oh so much, while in Paris. However, Petite Maison far exceeded my expectations. I had the dry vac'd steak (I don't remember what it was called, but it was the special of the day) and it was "Holy Shit" good! After dinner, we had some cheese and a glass of wine. The cheese was amazing. They had all sorts of choices to chose from. We had the sampler, so we were able to taste something like 6 different cheeses.If you have $75+ and want to have a great meal with your significant other, go to Petite Maison. You WILL NOT be disappointed.  My only complaint was that my meal had to end...
1	Since we knew Baseball Spring Training was a busy time, we made a 3/23/11 reservation at this restaurant on March 6, 2011 via phone (they don't use Open Table) at 3:00 p.m. (I have phone records to prove it).  We asked for an inside table at 7:00 p.m. and were assured it was reserved.  However, when we arrived for our reservation last night, it was not to be found - and the hostess blew us off as though we were trying to scam our way in!  Since they don't use Open Table or email, I have no written proof but didn't think as a "customer" it was up to us to re-confirm the reservation!  Although we have enjoyed this restaurant in the past, their recent notice in SF Chron seems to have gone to their head!  They need to improve their reservation system so this doesn't happen to others who have the foresight to make advance reservations!JeanSan Francisco
3	3.5 stars. I would go back for the mussels, the wine and the vanilla souffle. We also had the duck and although the meat was good, I didn't like the flavor of the risotto.
2	I'm so very sad about the review I have to write about this place.  I was so excited to go to Petite Maison.  I had gone to the Yelp event at the Science Center and was absolutely floored by how delicious the beef tongue with bone marrow au ju was at PM.  I immediately made a reservation for the following week to go to the real deal.  We had a reservation for six people at 7pm.  We all arrived and were seated outside, which was fine since it was a beautiful night.  However, it took forever for our waiter to come acknowledge us.  Finally after about 10 minutes, he comes over and takes our drink orders and recommend some specials.  We ordered the mussels and scallops as appetizers and ordered our entrees.  Four of us wanted the duck breast, but they only had three left, so one of our friends ordered the pork tenderloin.  About ten minutes later he brings us some bread (almost like eggy popovers, very good), but he only brought out five, so we asked for one more since not all of us got to try it.  After about another 10 minutes, he does--by this time we all need a refill on our drinks but get no attention.We get our appetizers finally, and they are pretty good.  The mussels are cooked perfectly with a nice light broth and the scallops are in a creamy white sauce.  Fast forward another 30 minutes and we finally get our main entrees.   The steak frites was eh.  Left much to be desired.  The steak was slightly tough and mostly flavorless and the frites were limp.  The duck breast (times three) was good, cooked just right, but the risotto was surrounded by a lake of broth which made it too soupy for some of us.  The pork tenderloin was on the dry side and not that great.  The last was the salmon which was "interesting".  It was an odd combination of flavors which didn't make it bad, but wasn't out of this world.  Half way through out entrees we flagged our waiter down (since he never came over to see how we liked our food), and ordered dessert--the souffle requires 15 minutes--turns out it was more like 30 minutes.Finally around 10pm we got our dessert, two souffles and french two cream puffs.  They were good-but after having to wait basically an hour between the appetizer, entree and dessert, I was just looking forward to getting out of there.  We basically had to wave our hands in the air constantly to get anyone to come over to get anything.  What made it worse was that since we were a party of 6, we had 21% gratuity automatically added.  I can't help but wonder if that's why they chose to ignore us all night.I hope others have better experiences here.
1	I hate to start my Yelp career off with a negative review but I had such a horrible experience at Petite Maison, I can't keep quiet about it.  My husband and I were spending the weekend in Phoenix for our 10 year anniversary and we specifically selected Petite Maison for the menu and good reviews.  We made reservations almost a week prior for Saturday night.  We were really looking forward to it.  We arrived about 10 minutes late due to getting lost and trying to find parking.  We entered through the single entrance and I was impressed with the expansive, beautiful patio and the ambiance.  It was lush with plants, trees and twinkle lights.  We noticed right away that there was a table set and ready to go.  All the other tables were full and we could tell that the inside area was also packed.  We walked up to the hostess stand which was right outside the door of the small interior restaurant.  And so starts the fun.There were people behind the podium. 2 men in chef whites and a woman.  One of the men was right up against the podium with his back to us.  They all glanced at us and turned back to their conversation and said NOTHING.  And so we stood in front of the podium, with their backs to us, feeling like idiots.  We looked around the patio and I was not amused to see that we were getting strange looks.  This went on for 1 to 2 minutes. AND STILL THEY STOOD WITH THEIR BACKS TO US!!!  Finally the hostess came up and I explained that we had reservations and were sorry we were 10 minutes late.  She literally said to us "well everyone is running late tonight so you're going to have to wait".  I'm not exaggerating.  I asked her where we should wait and she pointed to the bar area.  Since we didn't want to stand in the midst of all the diners on the patio, we went inside.  Well, that was a mistake because the room is so tiny that wherever we stood we had to move so someone could walk by.  Did I mention that there was still a set table waiting outside??We decided to go back outside since there was no room in the interior of the restaurant.  We had no idea where to go since we didn't want to stand at the podium in the middle of the patio watching people eat so we went to.... yes, the parking lot!  At that point, we both agreed no matter how good the food was,  we were not willing to wait in the parking lot of a restaurant.  We were extremely disappointed and ended up getting some Mexican food and taking it back to our hotel room and watching television.Thanks, Petite Maison for a wonderful 10 year wedding anniversary dinner memory.
5	I've been to Petite Maison twice, and can't wait for the right occasion to go back again! It's a beautiful little place that's perfect for a date. I've sat both inside and outside, and the decor is warm and the restaurant cozy. The service has also always been impeccable. The first time I came here, I was a complete French food novice. It's a little bit intimidating. Our waiter was very kind in explaining everything, all with a rather fantastic french flair to the menu names. Being female, I lapped it all up with gusto. But the star of the show has to be the food. Oh man, the food.If you're not squeamish about raw beef, do get the steak tartare. It was heavenly. I'd never considered eating beef raw before, but it was silky, the raw egg lovely, and it went perfectly with the chips provided.I can't remember the cocktail I got the first time, but the 2nd time I got the La Poire, and it was sweet, very pear-like, and very strong. Their drinks have some kick here, so if you're a lightweight like myself, come prepared with a designated driver.The first time I was here, I got the salmon with the fried poached egg on top. I was in LOVE with my dish. I used to state that I preferred to eat my salmon sashimi style, as I've encountered one too many butchered, overcooked salmon fillets. This shattered that stereotype. The haricot verts were fresh, buttery, my salmon cooked perfectly, and my favorite part had to be the breaded poached egg on top. I didn't even know what it was until I broke it open, and yolk ran all over the plate. I can assure you I was quite ecstatic upon that discovery.My girlfriend got the poulet roti - boursin stuffed chicken breast, pomme puree, wild mushrooms. I do remember us liking it, but can't give any more feedback than that it tastes good!The 2nd time I went I got the duck, on the bed of truffle risotto. The duck skin was beautifully seared and crispy, and the truffle risotto aromatic and rich. Upon recommendation by our bartender/server, I added the foie gras on top as well. I'd had a bad experience a LONG time ago with foie, but had nothing but good experiences here at Petite, so I decided to give it ago. Boy, was I glad I did. The foie was INCREDIBLE, and likely my favorite part of the dish. It was seared on the outside, and so silky and melt-in-your-mouth. I'm salivating just thinking about it. The BF got the pork loin over asparagus sauce, and he loved that as well. Between mine and his I genuinely prefer mine, but I'm a sucker for truffles, risotto, and that incredible foie. You also must NOT consider leaving Petite without getting the souffle. They're pretty upfront about this, but put in your order early as it take about 15 minutes to come out. It's always been timed beautifully, so that we get it not long after the plates have been cleared. The waiters will break the souffle and pour that grand marnier creme onto it for you with much relish, and that sauce is so good I could lick it from the bowl and drink it from the little saucer by itself. Fluffy, warm and light, it's a little slice of heaven, right there. I love this place. It's easily my favorite restaurant in the valley. A little on the pricier side, but not out of reach. It's a very good date place, but don't bring giant groups here. The space is so small it impedes groups of more than 4.
4	Went for lunch with my family - my wife and I both ordered salad nicoise and tasted  the food ordered by our kids - croque monsieur, the burger, and french fries (pomme frites). We both agreed that the salad was the best. We ordered it with salmon filet (chicken is also an option) and it was cooked perfectly - crusty on the outside while moist on the inside. The other salad ingridients complemented the salmon very well. For desert we ordered beignets which were served with a kind of chocolate sauce which the kids loved. Overall it was a nice lunch.
4	Besides the fact that I stopped here for lunch during a quick break from work I felt like a "lady who lunches" in this adorable cottage.  It's so adorable that I figured there would be a large lunch crowd, but we were able to easily grab a table outside.  And oh how I love to eat outside in March...something I don't ever get to do this time of year in Chicago.I did what most ladies who lunch would do and ordered a glass of iced tea. After a few sips I remembered that I don't actually like iced tea and wish I had ordered a glass of refreshing lemonade instead. Next time!I picked better when it came to my entree. The jardin sandwich was a perfect combo of veggies and brie cheese (my fave!).  It was a nice size and quite filling as well.There was no leisurely lunch for this lady since I had to be back at work...so I appreciated that our waiter had us in and outta there within 45 min. I'd definitely lunch here again and may even go back for some wine after work hours!
4	Mmmmmmm buuuuuuuuurger. Nothing like leaving the office for lunch outside in March! I think Andrea and I def brought down the average age a few years, the place has a very "ladies who lunch (and don't do much else)" sort of feel. Our waiter was quick and speedy and my burger tasted just as great as the last time. I promise, I'll be back to try something new soon! (I'm realizing now that the burger is the only thing I've had there). Know Before You Go: Outside is where it's at. If you can stand a little heat, snag some shade, sit back, and enjoy.
5	Why 5 stars, you ask?  They covered for my screw up when I made the reservation for one too few people.  Our table inside that tiny place was quickly switched to a larger one and we were sat in just a few minutes after arriving.  The fact that it was almost empty on a weekday probably didn't hurt, but I am no less grateful.  The meal was without question the best I've had all year; the duck with risotto was richness beyond belief and better than perfection, and the pork tenderloin and steak frites I tried were excellent too.  All my guests were very impressed with dinner.  Thanks, Petite Maison, for covering for me - I owe you one.
4	A cute little place off the busy street.  Perfect place for a romantic date.  The food was great. The steak more than satisfied my meat craving that night. The mussels were fresh and juicy.  Great service.  Great experience.
5	There are restaurants that are usually great, but occasionally slip, and then there are those rock solid choices you feel free sending friends, business associates, pretty much anyone who needs to trust you to. You know it'll be consistently great, and you know it will wow. Petite Maison easily has the food of a 5star restaurant, but with the dark cozy cool of a bistro instead of a classic salon. There's a nice balance of bar service vs tables, so you're likely to be able to get in. I recently visited on a Saturday night, and the kitchen went out of their way to squeeze us in at 8pm. Nuts. But its about relationships to them... there's just zero pretentiousness. The service really stood out as well. Some of the waitstaff has been there since the beginning- they're affable, easy to talk to, and don't vacillate... if you ask for an opinion, they'll actually give you one. You have a larger kitchen at home they PM does, but they're always happy to invite you into theirs so you can see their efficiency. Any restaurant that's that proud of their kitchen is cool with me. The food is just awesome. Its classic bistro- so there's always steak frites or mussels or some pate.... and they're all AWESOME. The specials stand out as well- on this last visit it was a whole striped bass for two. The pricing is completely reasonable.. and this is definitely one of those restaurants you want to introduce yourself to the proprietors: Wendy and James.
5	I had tried Petite Mason before at a Yelp event and always had intentions of going there.  My friend was visiting from Hawaii and wanted to eat something she couldn't have on the island. I figured French cuisine would suit us both.This lil spot is tucked away off Scottsdale road. We arrived just past 5:00 pm and parking was a cinch.  Walking into the patio was cozy and adorable - beautiful plants and a little fire place in the corner.  We knew right away we wanted to sit outside because it was a gorgeous evening.Our server was attentive and pleasant. To start we shared a salad with fresh yellow tomatoes.  For the main course I ordered bouillabaisse and white wine and my friend ordered filet mignon and a red wine.  I tried my friends beef; dare I say it was better than Durant's?  Blasphemy!  I know but it was so tender and juicy, it blew me away!  The bouillabaisse was good too; I've never had it before so I don't have anything to compare it to. The shrimp tasted a little over cooked but the broth it was so flavorful, I wanted to bring the dish to my lips and tip back my head and slurp it all down.All in all, it was a superb dining experience and I will be back for sure.
3	Someone has been reading the reviews and fixing the service issues, it was top notch.  Attentive friendly waiter, and when the one of the hostesses becomes water girl, she's almost freaking out if our water glasses look less then half full throughout our meal.  Over the top friendly and attentive service.After the Yelp science event, I had heard so much great things from their tasting booth... I picked this for 3 for RestWeek.  We enjoyed our meal and the wine pairings made this an incredible deal plus I ordered the raved about beef tongue from the Yelp event... quality and fresh ingredients but didn't have the wow factor.  Enjoyable meal nonetheless!
5	A first date wonderful experience. Thanks server Scott. Started with Escorgot- ( Hey while in France, right? ) I still smell like garlic butter. lol! I Loved the cheese herb rolls. for diner I ordered something I do not normally like or eat, pork. I  had the pork chop which did not taste like a pork chop. It was delish, melted in my mouth. Loved the pepper mixed salsa that came on top. The Creme Brulle is to die for. I am not the biggest fan of french food but I loved my dinner experience. We did go early so it was not busy at all. Charming restaurant, all wood like a little cabin in the french countryside. Liked the small chandeliers and minimalist decor and  art work. Nice bathrooms too. Good job PM!
5	My new favorite spot. We went here during Restaurant Week and had the special prix fix menu with wine parings. Everything was fantastic.  Plus, the outdoor patio is great this time of year (late spring/early summer).
4	Located in a "small house" close to old Scottsdale, this place just has a great feel to it and a menu that would satisfy any food lover.  I stop by here once every couple months when I am in town and every trip never disappointments.  A few items that I have tried and loved are the Sous-vide pork chop, veal cheeks, and rabbit loin.  All were well executed and presented beautifully.  If your in the mood for something more casual, the steak frites are a great dish as well.  If you feel like adding a little drinky to your meal, they do have a good selection of wines and liquors.  On hot days, I usually get their rose followed by an Absinthe after the meal.  You can't go wrong with a good digestif after a luxurious meal.     Essentially, if your in the mood for a quiet place that serves great french food, I highly recommend this place.  Get there early.
4	Two words - Cucumber Vesper... Favorite new drink! Makes me feel like James Bond; but I digress... Food is fantastic. Sunday brunch is a blast. Did I mention the bottomless mimosas, bellinis and champagne??? Makes brunch that much more enjoyable. Also have been back a few times for dinner. The Coq au vin rocks but the menu changes pretty often so it's not always available. Back to the Vesper since it relates to our service experience; First time there we went for brunch. The server was super friendly and once she realized we were a couple of lushes she made me a lil' sample of the cucumber vesper which was delicious! We made a reservation for dinner during our first visit and came back the following weekend. Upon our arrival I had a delicious Cucumber Vesper waiting at my table along with a martini for wifey (she had a headache so of course I had to take it down for the team). Definitely worth checking out!
5	Had some amazing steak frites and mussels here, very impressed with the food and the staff was very friendly.  Would certainly come here again!
4	Love this place; great service, food and decor.  Excellent French Onion soup, salmon, pom frites etc!  Highly recommend for authentic and favorable French food in the desert.
4	Wow, such an incredible experience and our server Rick deserves much of the credit. He was amazingly knowledgeable regarding the food and the wine. We all followed his recommendations and were thrilled. The Boeuf Tartar was to die for - loved the fresh cut and pan seared potato chips that served as the base for the tartar. This is a must order dish!A friend enjoyed the bouillabasse while I had the halibut, which was delicious. Another friend enjoyed the Steak Frites and I was lucky enough to have a taste; this is another must try.Last, the chocolate souffle was light and flavorful, and highly recommended.  Please visit Petite Maison when you have some time!
5	Favorite little restaurant in Scottsdale ;) Delicious French cuisine, very cool decor and environment and reasonably priced for the quality of food. Been there many times and will continue to go whenever I'm trying to impress an out of towner... the only bad experience I had was when one of the hostesses said she couldn't seat me and my date w/o a reservation for an hour at like 6pm on a weeknight when the place was basically empty... After badgering her a little she accommodated, but made me feel like I was in Curb Your Enthusiasm or something.I suggest the Escargot and the Steak Frites, c'est fantastique!Cheers!
5	To be fair I've never eaten a meal here...I come for desert.I get foie gras. Yes, it is that good.  :)
5	Attentive service paired with well exicuted meal.  The chilled soup was memorable as were the seared scallops.
5	Cute, quaint and tasty.  The escargot, foie gras and beef tartare were splendid.  Server was knowledgeable about the food and wine, but not pretentious.  We met a couple there who had just returned from France.  They said the food here was as good, if not better than most of the restaurants they ate at in France.Fairly inexpensive for a fine french restaurant.  Petite Maison is rated 8th out of 648 restaurants in Scottsdale.
4	Chowhound has produced a list of the 78 most annoying words to read in a restaurant review. I am well aware of this list and I know damn well the one word many readers would love to see at the top of that list is the word "unctuous". But I don't care. Unctuous is the only word that I could think of to describe the braised veal cheek I had at Petite Maison last night.  I would have given them 5 stars because of the great food and the charming atmosphere but I can't. It was too damn hot in there. It was 105 degrees all day so eating dinner in a warm dining room at 9pm wasn't an ideal situation. Maybe they are having some problems with their AC unit. I'll definitely be back..... after summer has passed.
5	When I donated my kidney a few months ago, Wendy from Petite Maison brought me 6 pints of soup. At the time, I had never met her, the chef or eaten there. How cool is that? After being on painkillers for several days, I was severely constipated. It happens. The lentil soup she brought over did the *ahem* trick, though!I finally got to go there last weekend for their late night Staff Meal, which was dessert-themed. My friend Leslie made all the desserts. The service was great, except for having to ask for water twice. There weren't many people there, but it was also after hours, so I'll forgive it because it was such a cute place!It feels like a ski lodge inside. There is wood everywhere! Cute chandeliers over the tables, too. Oh, and the bathroom was nice. Not too fancy, but nicer than most places.I will definitely come back here for a regular meal, but I wanted to get the word out about this place.Good people, who care about others in the community. Great atmosphere and for being in Old Town, douchebag-free.
5	This place rocks the house.The Foie Gras was truly to die for. I know it's been said before, but the way it melts in your mouth is unreal. The flavor is off the charts.The Steak Tartare was also pretty good, about on par with some of the other French restaurants I've been to in other states.But for a French restaurant in Phoenix, this place is a true gem.
4	Great service. Food network quality dishes.
4	What a wonderful little place.  We came for its 2nd anniversary (and the special 4-course anniversary dinner which was offered Aug 23-28).  Each course - a vichysoisse-type soup, vegetable napoleon, filet, and soufflet - was a revelation, and each course was perfectly paired with wine.  The hallmarks of each wine pairing were explained to us by Dustin, our waiter and sommelier, who provided expert service throughout the night.For the refinement that is so evident in the menu, food and service, this place offers outstanding value.  I can't wait to come back...This is truly a 4.5 star place - maybe even 5 star on good nights!
1	We were on vacation so my family went here expecting a great French meal after reading the great reviews. The atmosphere was great, but the food was totally not the level of French food we were used too. We love froie gras so we ordered the poulet roti. The breast was super dry and there was no froie gras at all. The steak frites was very tough with no sauce and the bouillabaisse had no saffron in it. The best item we ate was the plat de fromage. All in all a very disappointing French meal. We love food and this one place we will never come back to.
5	Hot damn, this place is good. It's a beautiful location, relaxed yet small interior, and an amazing place to dine outside when the weather cools off. Servers are always knowledgable  and friendly, and the food... oh the food! Everything is to die for, especially the foie gras, mussels, and the veal cheeks.Go! You won't be disappointed.
4	Probably my favorite restaurant in old town. One of my favorite places for French in Az. The food is alway great, which is important to me. I hate when restaurants aren't consistent. My only complaint is the service. I have had great service here, but it's also not been so great. I understand that it is a small place, but when I'm asked if I have a reservation when coming in on a Tuesday night when there are only two other tables eating? That is kind of odd, and frankly it comes off as rude. Asking two people if they have a dinner reservation on a slow night, and then acting frantic to seat us at a table... Calm down Petit Maison, we get it, you're a pretty 'big deal', but you're not too good for us...
5	Such an amazing gem. I can't believe I never tried this place before last night. My friend and I journeyed here for the Restaurant Week menu. So glad we did. We were taken care of by Rick, who was a super attentive waiter and also extremely knowledgeable about all the offerings at Petite Maison.Started off the night with a lovely glass of champagne. Then had the opportunity to try the lobster ravioli and a wine paring that was to die for. Followed up by the fois gras, which was delicious. Then had the braised veal cheeks with blue cheese souffle, and finally the nutella brioche bread pudding - WOW. I'd come here again for sure and recommend that you try this traditional french restaurant out. Ask for Rick, he won't steer you wrong!
5	This is an amazing restaurant and a jewel of a find in AZ!  When you step into the restaurant you are immediately transported from the Southwest to Paris!  I was shocked... Yes... Really shocked to find to find the place. All of the staff love the restaurant and specialize in one thing or another. The food, wine, atmosphere, and ABSINTHE (yes, absinthe) are spot on!  Dustin is the sommelier and knows his stuff about French wines. Try the bouillabaisse, grilled asparagus, and the escargot!  You won't be disappointed. Most important!!!!!! Have the Absinthe!! It's prepare authentically and is fantastic. Bottom line:  This is a MUST try restaurant anywhere. It's one of my new favorite haunts!!!!!!
4	Dinner was wonderful. I'd expect to pay a bit more for this quality of food. Delicious, helpful staff with food and wine knowledge, and a good atmosphere. On the negative side, the menu is short and has very little variety. They say it changes everyday, but I never see anything new on the menu. We paid $112 for two appetizers, two entrees, two glasses of wine and a dessert for two. Good value, great meal.
5	I had saved a newspaper article dated 6-24-09 which talked about Petit Maison.....and thought one day I need to visit.  Well a week ago that "one day" plan came to fruition and four of us went for dinner.  What can I saw but WOW!!!!  We wre blown away by the food, service, ambiance, etc.......and we were upset that it had taken us so long to patronize this wonderful restaurant.  It is really a hidden treasure and we will be returning over and over!
4	Wonderful little bistro in the most unlikely setting, downtown Scottsdale.  Love the marrow salad and the poached pear dessert, and almost anything else they serve.
5	Petite Maison is an awesome date spot. The restaurant will charm you and the food  will wow you. If your date doesn't go well you'll still be happy you ate here!
2	I thought the food was excellent, the service was ridiculous. We had this meat-head Scottsdale douchbag guy who 'knew all the wines.' He was rude and disrespectful and kept trying to flash 'Come to Butthead' look at the two young women at our table. One of the women at our table was deathly allergic to walnuts and while we told the waiter up front, we also double checked when the food came out. He acted outraged that we were actually double checking. What an asshole. If our friend eats a walnut, she literally has to go to the ER and this guy copping an attitude about the whole thing was completely out of line. My advice to the Restaurant; you have a great food, I'd recommend you also match it with great service.
4	My recommendation: rack of lamb!When a good french restaurant does rack of lamb...YUM, don't miss it!  I ate here while on business in Scottsdale and had a very enjoyable time.  Service was a bit slower than I would have liked, but it may have been because I did not decide to have a glass of wine with my meal.  Excellent bread and spread though!Petite Maison is tucked away on a side street and can be a little bit hard to find (hole in a wall).  Atmosphere was very accommodating though and both their indoor and outdoor seating are super comfortable.
5	A great value for French cuisine, but a bit expensive for everyday dining.  Great place to celebrate an anniversary or a nice date night.  Relaxed atmosphere and great food with a good bit of outdoor dining space.
3	I'd give this place more like 3.5 stars.Located in a converted house in downtown Scottsdale, this easy to miss restaurant is indeed petite.  The inside had a cozy French countryside theme.  The menu was limited.  Noteworthy dishes we ordered include a foie gras starter, diver scallops served with bacon and mustard, and the souffle.  The souffle was amazing-very light with a citrus taste.  Although the onion soup was flying out of the kitchen all night, I found it just OK.  Service was good throughout the night.
3	I really wish I could give Petite Maison a 5 star review on the food alone, because although it isn't mind-blowing, it is still very well prepared and the flavors are excellent. It is everything you really want from a small and cozy French restaurant like this. The atmosphere was awesome and overall I had a very enjoyable meal when it comes to the eating part alone.With that said, I have two very distinct issues with this place after trying it for the first time last night that made me take away each star. As we were staying in Phoenix for a week to visit family, I did my research and came upon this restaurant as the place I wanted to take my girlfriend for her 21st birthday dinner while we were here.I reserved via OpenTable and wrote a note in the reservation that it was her birthday and specifically requested for there to be a nice dessert to celebrate the occasion; nothing special-made off the menu necessarily, just whatever kind of cake they would have that night.When we got there, no mention of it was made. Figuring that they might not have gotten the message, I explicitly pointed out to the server that it was her birthday in the middle of our dining experience while I asked what dessert he recommended the most for it. He suggested the souffle which I agreed to and the order was put in.A little later I noticed that two tables over that someone else was celebrating their birthday and the waiter came out carrying a dessert with a lit candle. Of course by now everyone reading this should realize that during the one chance they had to do this right and make it special, out came the souffle and no candle or anything special about it. I really don't think I should have to explicitly state I want a lit candle during a birthday dinner dessert, so there goes 1 star.The next star comes off because of the pace of service. Quite frankly our server was great when it came to actual interaction, but we were waiting sometimes around 10-15 minutes between courses and the entire dinner service took about 2 hours for appetizer, entree, and a quick dessert. Numerous other tables were up and out before us, and the only ones still left inside when we left were people who were seated as we were eating our entrees.Moreover, I noticed the same table as mentioned before had ordered just before we did, and they were getting much faster service and a special request made on the spot while eating their entrees of frites was put in and expedited to them before we actually got served our main meals.I realize I don't give off the vibe of one of the demanding Scottsdale elite, and so maybe it was easy to guess that I would be satisfied with lesser service. However, I co-authored a book on being a fine dining server and have some family and close friends in the industry as well. So I always try to act extremely gracious and humble when being served even though I'm keenly aware of what is going on. I could have accepted the wait times if our server was weeded, but it just seemed like we were more of an afterthought out of all the tables.The ambiance, food, and direct interaction with the staff was all really good and we still wound up having a great time (helped along by a few glasses of wine), but I really can't let it go that two direct requests were essentially ignored along with the feeling that we were not being treated equally to some of the other guests. Frankly, I can get the same quality food at other restaurants while still being treated like a valued guest, and I wouldn't return even if we lived in Phoenix simply because I didn't feel like they appreciated my business.
1	Here's a place that tries to be too French even though they are not French.  By that I mean they are arrogant.  Very nice food but apparently having a reservation and being a loyal diner who recommends the place means nothing to this snobbish group.  A specific request for a table next to the fireplace was simply not granted when it was obvious it could have been.  One round table was given to a 6 while we were 5 and the other close table was set for 4 when it could have been made for a 5 just as the table offered next to the entrance of the patio entrance and main walkway in was.  They could have given us the other table and switched the 4 for  5 and visa to accommodate us but they flat out refused. A location next to their fireplace was requested days in advance and as usual it was a cold AZ night in January.  When our displeasure was indicated to them they basically said "tough luck".  When I asked for the owner/chef to say something to before we left for another restaurant they acted like he was not available.  When i noticed him behind the curtain I waved to him asking to speak to him.  He did come out and when I noted our disappointment he immediately verbally attacked me for in his eyes pointing at him when I clearly waved at him to indicate I wanted to speak to him.  He is too pompous for words and this small restaurant will stay small and eventually sink into failure as many in Yelp have indicated for poor and pompous service.  If one wants to be treated to rudeness at a French restaurant try it, but for that I suggest going to France to enjoy the country as this is note that quaint a location.  With so many fine restaurant choices in Phoenix and Scottsdale why go to a place that treats you poorly even after being  there a number of times.
3	To be honest, for all the five star reviews that this place has received, I was expecting...better. That's not to say that it was terrible, it just doesn't truly live up to the hype that Yelp has given it. This review is a 3.5. My friends and I came here with a reservation at 5 PM, right when the place opened. Thus, when we arrived, we were the only people in the restaurant. It was nice since we didn't have to worry about being too loud or anything like that. Anyhow, onto the food!Apps: Between the four of us, we got 3 Foie Gras and a Brandade. Make no mistake, the Foie Gras was absolutely delicious, especially when paired with the waffle and grapes. The Brandade on the other hand was simply ok. It tasted like a salmon takoyaki ball. Main Course: We ordered 2 rack of lambs, a steak frites, and the shortrib veal. The lamb honestly wasn't anything special. It seemed a little too gamey to me (for a French restaurant, anyhow). I was expecting something a lot better given its price and the great reviews about the lamb. The Steak Frites wasn't honestly too great either. The steak was cooked well (medium rare) but the taste of the steak was overwhelmed with both a combination of salt and onions. The shortrib veal was very dry but tasted fine once paired with the mashed potatoes. The only downside to this was that I felt like I was eating a Shepherd's pie. Lastly, if you're going with friends, it's much better to have one person pay than it is for everyone to pay individually. They charge a certain % for having to slide 4 credit cards instead of just one -_-. I'd be completely fine with that except they never alerted us of this fact. I only found out once I looked at my statement (they also charged my friends the same amount).
1	Apparently only good reviews are left on this site as mine was removed.  I'll try again. Our party's reservation was not honored as requested nor were we treated well when we asked to be placed where we had requested even though a table was available where requested. If you want to be treated poorly by someone acting French go here.  Owner/chef is pompous beyond words. Read other reviews who also note such service. There are many fine choices in Scottsdale that treat diners well so this one should be passed by.
3	Very nice restuarant. We went for Valentine's Day and felt that the food was ok, but not worth the price. For this type of food and the price, we will probably not go back.
4	While visiting Scottsdale for a conference, I dined at Petite Maison as part of a prearranged networking dinner with three other women.  The atmosphere was charming - we sat in the outdoor courtyard and it was a wonderful backdrop for enjoying the evening and conversation.  Our waiter was also the sommelier, and he recommended a great wine after surveying our collective tastes and entree choices.  The food was very good - I wish I'd had room for dessert!  After dinner coffee was brought in a French press.  The menu and wine list are limited, but that is a plus in my mind.   I will definitely return the next time I'm in Scottsdale.
2	I was super excited to try Petite Maison after the rave reviews here on yelp, and also because my Husband and I will be going to Paris later this year and felt some French food would get us into the spirit.  Unfortunately for us, this was pretty much the worst dining experience we've had in a long time and left us super upset (hopefully going to actual Paris will be MUCH better).Let me start off by saying that I understand a busy restaurant can be overwhelming to some, and it did seem like Petite Maison was understaffed on Saturday, however I don't think it excuses everything.  First off, the hostess seemed flustered and upset right when we walked up to the hostess stand.  She said the computer wasn't working and to give her a minute.  Once we were sat, she asked us what kind of water we wanted and left to get it (or so we thought).  Our reservation was for 7:15 and we arrived a few minutes early, so we were sat around 7:15 - it wasn't until 7:20 that our waiter finally greeted us (for the first time).  Also, we didn't get water until 7:25 and that was after ordering our meal, getting other drinks, and asking twice for water.  The food did come fast, maybe too fast, considering we got both our appetizer (foie gras) and entree (steak frittes) at the same time.  The foie gras was very tiny compared with pictures I saw posted on yelp.  It tasted good, but I wasn't in love with the accompanying items.  The steak was RARE when we got it.  We knew we would be sending it back - the problem was the waiter never even asked us how we wanted it cooked.  We ate some of the fries while waiting for our waiter to stop by and ask us how things were, so we could send it back, but it took 10 minutes for him to check with us and take it back.  It took another 10 for the steak to come back, and this time it was pretty much med-well (not med like we asked).  In addition, the fries and steak were SOOOOO salty.  I cannot emphasize this enough.  We left with so much salt in our systems it was unbelievable.So, between the lack of service and just plain bad food, I don't think I will be returning to Petite Maison.  In fact, the only way I would go back is if they gave me back my $60 for this meal.  The waiter was unbelievably unfriendly.  He had zero personality and didn't care that we were having a bad experience.  I really try to look past a lot of things, but this meal was just plain bad from start to finish.
5	Took my girlfriend here and we had wonderful romantic dinner for two.  This is absolutely a gem hidden in a very commercial area of Scottsdale.  If you are looking for an intimate dinner spot, this is it.  The indoor portion of the restaurant has only a handful of tables, and is actually a little cramped, but I guarantee you wont notice at all once you have your food in front of you.  I ended up ordering the duck, which was very tasty and surprisingly cooked the way I asked, an increasing rarity for one who usually likes their meats rare.  If you are an avid duck fan, I think its only fair to let you know that, while the flavor was good, the skin of my breast was not very crispy, which is the only negative aspect I could strain to find in my dining experience.Our waiter was very friendly, professional, and was always around to make sure our food was good and our drinks were filled, but never interrupted our conversation or pestered us with the check, even though it was a busy night.  We finished the night off with the Tahitian vanilla souffle.  I will admit that when i ordered it I was kind of wishing they had a chocolate option on the menu, but after it came, I forgot about that silly idea, because it was as rich and decadent as any chocolate.Overall a great place, and considering the small number of french options in the valley, a real diamond in the rough.
4	The food was absolutely delightful and our server and the sommelier were very good too. However, the hostess girl was absolutely clueless and if it had been up to her, we'd never know what this place was like.  I called the restaurant from down the street to make a reservation and she put me on hold for a long time. called back and she offered a reservation for over two hours later, which i refused. her English and interaction were awkward so figured i'd give it a try anyway. When we arrived we were surprised the place was filled to about half capacity and she had at least 5 tables for 2 open. still she was indecisive and started saying "i have a couple seeing options for you...". We picked one, she recanted, and had a seat at the bar while she "figured it out". when I got her attention again she finally gave us a different table that the one she offered originally. she blamed it on not being able to read her own handwriting (yes, really). truly clueless. can't believe this woman is still working here or anywhere else. Still, the place is good. Go.
4	Petite Maison is a very cute little French restaurant. It is small and not visable from a main road, but it is worth the trip. There is a fire place outside with some seating by it and also a bar and seating on the inside. If you can request a table by the fire place, do so. Overall the food was very good, I was a little disappointed in the salad because it only had a few ingredients, but the entrees were very good. I had the bouillabaisse ($29) and enjoyed every bit of it. My date ordered the cote de boeuf ($23) and really enjoyed it. For dessert we had nutella creme brulee which was excellent. It is not a cheap restaurant, but the food and ambiance definitely made it worth it.
5	This past weekend I was in Scottsdale for some Giants spring training games. My buddy invited me out to a french dinner for an early birthday celebrationWe had a 7:45 reservation which we were very late for but we called to let them know that we were delayed but still coming. We finally arrived at the Bistro around 8:30 and were seated right away. One thing about Arizona is that most locals stay home if the temperature is below 70F :)The vibe was very mellow with a cool European chalet decor and soft classic french music playing . Our table was perfectly situated in the far corner allowing us to survey the entire dining area. We received excellent service by a friendly and knowledgeable staff. We had a great selection of dishes ... escargots, foie gras, duck and bouillabaisse that were delicious and perfectly prepared. I loved everything about this bistro and thoroughly enjoyed my early Birthday dinner.The owners are a husband and wife. The husband is the head chef who I personally thanked for an amazing meal. A must do spot for my 2013 Spring Training trip!
4	Yummy!  Lovely little restaurant.  The amuse-bouche was a cheese cream puff that was amazing.  I had the salmon and my friend had the lamb chop.  We were both very pleased.  Dessert was a perfect souffle.  I'm drooling just thinking about it.
4	A very solid French bistro, I appreciated the relatively quiet location, a block away from the bustle of the "hip" area of Scottsdale.   Our server was very knowledgable and we had a delicious steak tartare as a starter, my wife had lamb and I had the duck breast.     The meats were prepared just right.    I understand everything is prepared in house, from the breads to the desserts, and you can definitely experience the quality.
3	This restaurant marks my first experience with French cuisine ( well if we don't count melting pot) and I came out reasonably contented. The restaurant is tucked in a corner and can be hard to find and is literally 'petite'. That makes for a very cosy and quaint ambience . The menu is quite limited but me and friends all found great entrees. We had the lamb chops, salmon and barramundi. All were delectable. For dessert we had the souffle which was decent ( though not the best I have had) . The service is slow but the server quite attentive. The only thing that still puzzles me is that our hostess didn't accommodate us to sit outside saying it was all reserved when all through the evening ( and we were there for almost 2.5 hrs) we didn't see a soul being seated outside. Given the limited menu and the annoyance above , I may not be back anytime soon but if you want a foray into French cuisine , this is a good place to start.
5	Excellent per-Valentine's Day dinner! The salmon I had was excellent and I liked their escargot. My fiance had the lamb. I normally do not enjoy the taste of lamb, but this dish was excellent. The atmosphere is really cute, really reminds me of the Provence. We did not have a chance to try the absinthe, but we'll be back...
5	All the elements came together perfectly one Friday night: great service, great food, wonderful company, and amazing atmosphere to create a very, very good memory for me.  The food was roll-around-in-it good, but I was most amazed by the Server who had the most wonderful sense of timing and a dry (barely discernible, but very much THERE) sense of humor.  She was a joy to talk to!  I can't wait to return to this little slice of heaven!
2	Food not nearly as good as last time. I would definitely not recommend the steak frites. The meat was chewy and covered with something that covered up any flavor it may have had, the fries were horrible (overused oil taste, no potatoe flavor). Souffle was mediocre, the server even apologized for it (but served it anyway). Fois gras was tasty but small and a bit overbuttered. Good luck, and watch out for the price.
3	Hidden off the road down the way from the rowdy Scottsdale nightlife scene, lies Petite Maison. A little house indeed, with a wooden front door and a small window for you to peek through. Since I missed my dinner reservations at 8:30PM elsewhere, it was now 10PM and I was hungry. That's what you get when you nap after a day of drinking. I looked up Petite Maison and saw that they were open until midnight. Score, right? Yeah, up until we got to the restaurant. The bartender/server told us that they only have a few things on the menu this late at night. This really bummer me out since I really wanted some French Onion Soup and steak which was no longer on the menu because we were too late. Since there were only a handful of things we were able to eat here, we went with their St. Patrick's Day special -- Corned Beef Reuben Sandwich & Fries. While the sandwich wasn't bad, it just wasn't what I was in the mood for. Our server was really attentive and noticed I was drinking water like a thirsty camel so my glass was constantly getting filled up. After finishing our sandwich, I saw they had a nutella creme brulee for dessert. I am a big fan of creme brulee, but the mixture with the nutella made it extremely rich. I couldn't handle more than a few bites.The restaurant was small and intimate with very cute French-style decor. Only a few tables were inside, but there were more outside. This night was particularly cold and windy so inside was perfectly fine with me. Since I didn't get to fully try the menu here, I would like to come back someday if I'm ever in the area again. I'm sure there are other things on the menu that are absolutely delicious.
5	This is my absolute favorite restaurant in Scottsdale!  The escargot is to die for, as is their duck.  They also have the most delicious martini called a Le Poir--pear Grey Goose, St. Germain, and champagne.  And for dessert, their souffles are spectacular!  I had the Grand Marnier souffle at my last visit, and it was definitely one of the best desserts I've ever had.  In addition to the food, they have a very charming patio.
5	The Sunday brunch here is excellent (the Beignets au Chocolate stand out in my mind), and the courtyard setting is beautiful. There's an emphasis on local and organic food, which we really appreciate. This will definitely be one of our regular restaurant stops in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area.
5	Enjoying a great French country lunch!
5	Some of the best food I've ever had. EVER. So delicious.
3	We had steak frites and duck. The duck was excellent but steak is a little thin, dry, chewy and greasy.Will be back for the atmosphere but not the food
4	What a perfect location. The outdoor seating is beautiful and intimate. Perfect for a special occasion (it was our wedding anniversary). However the outside chairs are a strange choice ... Not at all comfortable. Service was attentive but not too much. We were left to enjoy our meal without the incessant 'is everything still going ok' you have to endure at other restaurants. My only gripe with the service was the overly extensive menu description. It was waaaay too long!Food highlights were the Escargots & Braised Short Ribs and a truly excellent wine list. We will be back
3	Restaurant week, memorial day weekend and visiting family all presented an opportune time to try Petite Maison; allowing me to cross it off my bucket-list. The ambiance of the place is charming. It really does feel like a small house when you are seated. Sound nice, so why 3 stars you ask? 1. Made reservations in advance. When arriving, we still had to wait about 10 minutes to be seated. Not horrible, but with a party of 7, they just told us to hang out around the bar. With servers zooming past us, all of us in the party felt in the way. Not comfortable. 2. When finally seated the waiter, while thorough, obviously was pushing all of us to add more and more to our menu. I understand that selling up the menu goes with the job, but that should be done with a bit more subtlety and tact. 3. Impressed that wine was included with each course from the restaurant week menu. Not impressed that the waiter kept forgetting the wine with each course. By the time I finished each course, the wine still had not come. At one point a lady, who appeared to be the owner/manager asked us how it was going. When we told her that the wine pairings were absent she appeared horrified. Bartender brought us larger wine glasses at one time, I think to make up for the oversight. 4. One of my biggest pet peeves with dining out on restaurant week are the portions. A lot of restaurants sell their menus on restaurant week, but when the food comes out it is smaller portions than normal. This was the case with the main dishes. While delicious and savory, the main dishes disappointed in their overall size. Unfortunately this may be a case of over-blown expectations. But after dining at fnb the night before, and having a great dining experience there, Petite Maison disappointed.
5	This past Saturday night was the pinnacle of my entire fine-dining life! I'm not joking and I'm not exaggerating, it was that damn good! Thanks to a Yelp event and Petite Maison's generosity, I was fortunate to win a 10 course meal with wine pairings for four people. I have to say, my hopes were very high and I went into the evening expecting to write a five star review. By the end of the night I was left wishing I could give a 10 star rating. Let's see if this review can do any justice to our night. Our reservation was for 7pm and I was accompanied by my fiancee and another couple.First off, our waiter/sommelier was Dustin. He was an outstanding server and a friendly young man. Dustin was unbelievably informative on each and every dish and wine served. I highly recommend requesting him when you make a reservation. Dustin gave the background and history of each wine along with how you should drink the wine with the food.We started the night with a Bordeaux Sauvignon Blanc to accompany our first two dishes: bread puffs and a chilled Sweet Corn Soup with Truffle Oil. The bread puffs were freshly baked and delicious, but the soup was especially phenomenal! A great way to start the night.Next we had a Chardonnay to go along with a Beet, Radish and Multicolored Cauliflower Salad and then a caviar dish. The salad was light and delicious. The caviar was on top of a creamy scrambled egg with truffle I believe. By itself, the caviar was a bit too fishy for me, but when combined with the egg it was very good.   I appreciated this dish even though it wasn't my favorite since it was my first time trying caviar.A Pinot Noir was the third wine and the first red of the evening. This wine was paired first with pan seared loup de mer, which literally means "wolf of the sea" in French. The fish was incredible! Definitely one of the highlights of the night! You may know it by its Italian name, branzino. We were then served an excellent soft shelled crab dish. It was fried to perfection and served atop a delectable sauce.The fourth wine of the night blew us all away! We were served a wine by Domaine Faillenc Sainte Marie winery. It was made with a Cinsault grape (pronounced "sinso", or close to that) and it provided the most unique scents and tastes that any of us at the table had experienced. I'll never forget this wine and I am determined to find it somewhere. Thank you Dustin for exposing me to its greatness! My fellow Yelpers, you have to check it out. The Cinsault was paired with duck and lamb dishes. Both meats were out of this world and prepared perfectly, just like every other dish we experienced.Lastly, the two dessert dishes were accompanied by a port. Not a big port guy, but I guess it's the wine to have when eating dessert. For a port I actually enjoyed this one. The first desert was a slice of baguette served with cheese and fruit. The second were mini chocolate doughnuts with a heavenly cream dipping sauce. Perfect ending to a perfect meal.Each dish was spaced out perfectly from each other. I was shocked to discover that the Petite Maison culinary masterpiece took four hours. The time absolutely flew by. I ate every single bite and drank every single drop. Thank you Chef James Porter, Dustin, and Yelp for what was the most incredible and memorable dining experience of my life. Seriously, wow! Great food, great company, great memories. It's what life is all about.
4	We came here for our anniversary a couple of weeks ago. The restaurant is very quaint and is tucked away from the obnoxious Old Town scene which is nice.The food was absolutely wonderful. And the wine list was very good. Our waiter knew the menu and the wines very well. He did try to upsell us but since it was our anniversary, we were okay with that. We enjoyed the foie gras which is wonderful with the pickled grapes. The escargot were well-cooked and not swimming in garlic which many other places do to cover up the less-than-fresh, over-cooked concoction they're serving you.I enjoyed the duck breast sous-vide as my entree and it was excellent. The meat was so juicy and tender but somehow, the skin still had crisp. I asked if it was seared and then put in the sous-vide and then seared again. I'm pretty sure that's how they do it. My husband had the steak frites. The steak was cooked exactly as he asked. The frites were ok, not as good as Zinc Bistro but still very good.We ended with the souffle which again was simply wonderful. We enjoyed a bottle of cab franc with our meal. Why it's not 5 stars? Our server, while very knowledgeable, once he'd gotten all his upselling done and realized we were done ordering, pretty much turned cool toward us. My husband also told them when he made the reservation that it was our anniversary and at other restaurants, we've had a glass of champagne or even a special dessert (Acacia formerly of the Four Seasons comes to mind) and asked that we get a special table. Our table was just an average table (though, the place is very small) and no one knew it was our anniversary. I mentioned it to our server and he just half-heartedly said "Oh, happy anniversary, would you like to order the souffle now so I can put it in at the right time?"I will come back here because the food is wonderful and I want to sit out on their lovely patio.
2	Tonight I ordered the stuffed chicken.  The chicken came with the open pocket for stuffing in the chicken, but there was not a drop of stuffing.  This shows me that quality is clearly not a top priority for them.  The restaurant is crowded and loud and difficult to enjoy a meal in.  I was not impressed at all and will probably not go back.
5	We had a guest staying with us from NYC and wanted to impress him with a fantastic Sunday brunch.  The food at Petite is consistently top notch and the services is always helpful and we have never felt rushed.  I know some times fancy or french restaurants can be a little intimidating.  Our server, Amy, did a fantastic job of making us feel comfortable and took excellent care of us.The 3 course Prix Fixe includes bottomless mimosas and is well worth the price.I started with the mussels which were fantastic and not fishy at all.Then I moved to the steak and eggs.  I prefer my eggs over medium.  Instead of simply flipping the egg to cook the other side, chef used a torch to cook the other side so the egg didn't have a mashed, browned appearance. This attention to detail is what really sets Petite apart from the rest.For dessert, I usually have the beignets but wanted to mix it up so I got the Nutella crepe with bananna.  It was a prefect finish to an outstanding meal.Our out of town guest said it was the best brunch he had ever had!
4	Made a pitstop in Scottsdale on the way to the Grand Canyon and found this little (and I mean little and cute) spot in the review. The restaurant is very 'French cottage'-like and romantic. It was a blazing 90 degrees outside but we had to sit out there in there outdoor dining area because of our pooch. (good for all you Yelpers trying to find dog friendly spots). Everyone sat inside because of the AC so we had the private front garden area to ourselves with the water misters on, quite romantic.Their menu is petite as their menu and establishment suggests. They have an impressive list of imported French wines (had the pinot noir by the glass with our meat dishes). As for food...Escargot: They came out with 6 pieces doused in a herb butter and brioche bread. The flavoring was decent but I accidentally burned the roof of my mouth because they were scorching hot...so be carefulLamb: I had the lamb cooked medium rare as good lamb should be, however, the meat was TOO chewy. But besides the bad cut of meat, the flavoring of the fennel, mashed potatoes, and the sauce of the lamb was all delicious.Boeuf Short Ribs: The short ribs were perfectly braised and nice and tender. The cheese polenta pie that came with it paired with the meat perfectly. I almost liked the polenta more than short ribs. haha! If this dish had a little more sauce and flavoring for the meat...the dish would be even that much more fulfilling.Souffle: This was the BEST dish we had of the entire dinner and I'm not much of a sweets person so that says plenty. The souffle was nice and crispy on the outside. The texture was between a spongecake and a pudding/flan consistency. The flavor was the most memorable aspect of the dessert. It was lightly zesty (lemon?) and had a HUGE vanilla flavor. The sweetness of the dessert was just perfect...I couldn't ask for anything better for dessert. Be sure to order this in advance since it takes awhile for them to prepare it.Overall, cute, romantic, and 'petite' restaurant for your French/modern cravings. Look for their huge French wine list and BE SURE to get the souffle!
5	our anniversary was on Tuesday so I was eager to go To PM as my wife and I honeymooned in Provence many years ago..got there too early for our res, so we kicked it at the bar with some drinks. Amy was great, our Table was super delayed so we went for the tall top by the door, seems it was the back up in case of emergency table.  we took the chance to welcome the other guest as they arrived with a Bienvenue a Petite Maison,, we all got a laugh.. The Duck was great Heather loved it , My Lamb was perfect with fresh green beans and mashed with a really tasty paste to add in to the bites. the Souffle to end it was enough for two and we loved it..Staff was attentive ,AMY, but not stuffy, and the tiny atmosphere is very relaxing and so not Scottsdale... we were glad we were there.excellent meals. great wine, and beer, some locals to choose from, perfect we will be back, this is a  special place, prices reflect the attention to detail and limited available seating, go often if you can, go treat yourself if you are looking for that special place once in a while.. PS get a baby sitter, unless your kids like escargot..LOL  PSS  the couple next to us could not stop kissing.... discreetly.. .. i remember those days.. French,, the language of love..
4	Absolutely amazing Steak Frites! That dish is wonderfully done. First order was the braised short ribs. Although it was OK, we sent it back for another Steak Frites because it just wasn't nearly as good.Will definitely be back. Also to note, the portion sizes of different dishes are all varying. Order the Steak Frites if you want to feel like you had enough to eat.
2	I've wanted to visit Petite Maison for some time, so when I read about the fabulous-sounding prix-fixe anniversary dinner they were putting on last week, my husband and I were on board.  While the food we ate was top-notch, we had some of the worst service I've ever experienced.Our server expertly described all of the dishes on the anniversary menu, and highly suggested the sommelier pairings.  I selected tuna carpaccio and lobster risotto, my husband chose the duck egg and the duck confit, and we added the foie grassupplement.  We also chose the sommelier wine pairings which, although still a bargain, doubled the price of our dinner.We were served our first course without wine.  Several minutes later, our server came by to say that they were washing fresh stemware and opening new wine, and we would be served momentarily, and she apologized nicely.  About 10 minutes later, we finally go the wine that was paired for the course.  I understand that everyone makes mistakes -- not something that I would let ruin my meal.  After we were finished, our server jokingly said to me, "Aside from that, Mrs. Lincoln, how did you enjoy the play?"  Ha ha?Out came the foie gras.  Holy balls, that was perfectly seared and the best foie gras I've ever tasted.  Only after we finished did our server come by and realize that she hadn't brought us the sancerre meant to be paired with the course.  That wine too was lovely, but actually drinking it with that melting buttery foie gras would havebeen much better, no?(At this point, the server tried to give a second course to the table next to us, only to be told by the gentlemen that he hadn't been served his FIRST course yet.  Apologies, replating, etc. followed by the same "Aside from that, Mrs. Lincoln, how did you enjoy the play" line.  At this point, it seems like our server trots that one outevery 30 minutes or so?)Wine served before second course in advance, food was lovely (especially the risotto).Dessert wine comes.  We wait over 25 minutes for dessert to be served along with it.  At this point I've finished my wine, my husband's wine, and we are strongly suspecting this is secretly part of a Saturday Night Live skit.   I understand that it was a busy night, but it was indeed a Saturday evening during a special promotion-- it's not something unexpected.  The food was very good.  I wanted to love this restaurant so hard. We sprung for the wine pairings because we appreciate wine and wanted it to complement our food.  We didn't get what we ordered.I never do things like this, but I emailed the restaurant about our experience to tell them (politely) that our service was quite sub-par.  Got no response.  I guess that shows how much they care?
3	I really wanted to love this place.  Really.  I'm a huge fan of Chef Porter's.  Loved Tapino.  Big Foodie.  I was super excited when I saw the Bastille Day menu, so we called a couple of friends to join us.  Made reservations and arrived on time.  Had to wait 10 minutes to be seated; ok.  No problem.  Waited ANOTHER 20 minutes for someone to bring us water and take our orders.  We were STARVING.  We arrived hungry.  We all opted for the prix fix menu, with the upgraded wine parings.  Our first course took 20 minutes to arrive, after we placed our order.  (so, now we've been waiting 50 minutes before our 1st bite of food).  The 1st wine paring was a solid 7 minutes behind.  Next course; wine came out 1st.  White wine; nice and chilled.  Might have stayed cold if it wasn't july in Scottsdale, and we were waiting for our 2nd course to be served.  Which arrived about 15 minutes after the wine did.  After the second course, we asked the waiter "aren't these supposed to be wine parings? "  We'd like our wine with our food, please.   I understand french service is supposed to be paced out, but 25-30 minutes between courses is just a little too long. Now we were paying $30 for upgraded wine parings.  Each one of these was about a 2 oz pour.  Not being able to enjoy these with my food was a major disappointment.  We could debate whether the upgraded wines was really worth it at all; I don't think so.The food was excellent.  High quality, great flavor, lovingly prepared.  The service was horrific.
1	This place is comically bad.  If the food did not make us sick, I would say it was hilarious.Summary:  Petite Maison is like a VERY slow, uncomfortable and condescending Waffle House.  Waffle House would have been a better choice by a long shot, now that I think about it...  Details: Dark on the patio.  The waitress talked and talked--mostly about herself; she could not explain the menu.  Then she would disappear for long periods of time.  Seating was uncomfortable and too close to the other tables.  A waiter and the hostess complained about their jobs next to us.  When our waitress did finally show up, she would not stop talking to us--about herself.  She was clearly nervous and confused.  The "French Lemonade" was soda water with a drop of lemon syrup.  We were told it would be taken off the bill but we were charged anyway.  We were bombarded with apologies at every turn.  No bread before/during the meal, food late or not available.  After asking for bread repeatedly we got three half-dollar sized pieces with no butter (really, WTF??).  Our waitress kept mis-pronouncing "Foie Gras" and other French words and laughed at herself.  She would tell us over and over that it was ok not to understand the menu.My main dish I had to spit out, the meat was chewy and fatty.   My wife's pasta was so salty she thought that she was going to throw it up.  We did not eat our meals, and the waitress came and picked up the uneaten dishes, saying "you loved it, right?"  We told her it was terrible, pointing out that we had not eaten it (duh!).   She told us she was not surprised, it was an acquired taste.  We should not worry though.  We should come back and try the brunch, it was better.  Then she left. For dessert I ordered a Fried "Nutella" Twinkie--They could not possibly mess that up?  Nope, undercooked and tasted like doughy flour.  Blah.  Again, we told the waitress who did not care.  She told us the kinds of foods she liked.We paid an outrageous amount of money for this, too.  This places is horrible.  Really.  Go anywhere else.
5	During a recent trip to Scottsdale I had dinner with three friends at this charming eatery. I had read reviews prior to my trip that solidified my idea to make this one of my stops. Upon my arrival when I checked the yelp reviews again here were a few with negative comments and some very critical remarks. I went back and reread some of the positive reviews and compared them to the recent negative reviews and realized a lot of inconsistencies in the new reviews. There are a ton of immature remarks and obvious attacks that caused me to suspect an intentional misrepresentation by either a disgruntle employee or simply someone with their head in their ass.It was restaurant week when we went and I was leery that the kitchen may not be firing on all cylinders. All too often a restaurant will cut back from the genuine experience during this time to constitute what can be perceived as a discounted service. Not here. While the RW menu was extraordinary the actual menu was still available in its entirety. We decided to try everything from the RW menu and the majority of the other. The portion and quality of each item was outstanding. None of the items seemed reduced from either menu. The service staff coursed everything perfectly for us as well as paired an appropriate wine to each course. The timing from the kitchen was impeccable and we never felt rushed or neglected.Standout Dishes:Foie Gras - Brilliant!!Brisket - As well executed as I've ever seen.Lobster Profiteroles (RW) - Should be available always.Souffle - Perfect.The room is cozy and inviting. There is nothing pretentious about anything here. The chef came and thanked us for joining him for dinner and was truly humbled by our compliments.I hope this review is more helpful to its readers than the others that found a bad experience. As an independent business that is putting forth a tremendous effort in the era of corporate dining, Petite Maison deserves to be recognized as as what it is. A great restaurant.
5	A true gem of the Valley. I found Petite during last year's restaurant week and it has since become one of my favorite restaurants in the valley. With each dish you really get the feeling that a chef is designing a culinary experience and takes pride in the food they serve, not just trying to fit the French restaurant business model. The Foie Gras is phenomenal, as is every other dish I've had the pleasure of tasting. My favorite part about Petite has to be staff meal. On Thursday, Friday, and Saturday nights the chef cooks up two unique dishes as well as a cocktail at a discounted rate. It starts at 10pm and is a great way to either start or end your night. Finally the staff is knowledgeable about the food and drinks their serving. It's nice to see staff who obviously take pride in the establishment they work at. I recommend sitting inside, the wood walls and floor have a great vibe.
5	An absolutely delightful French restaurant in the Old Town area of Scottsdale.  Our YELP reservation got us an excellent table inside - while others were being seated outside on a rather warm summer evening.  Dinner was spot on - I had the steak; my wife had the fish option.  Desert was worth every calorie.  Definitely above-average dinning in a very competitive area.
4	I very much enjoyed a tasy three-course Sunday  brunch while visiting from out of town:  rich cream of misc. mushrooms soup appetizer, boudin blanc with white asparagus entree, and fruit parfait dessert, washed down with mimosa, in a pleasant house on a side street with both indoor and outdoor dining available.  The waitress Amy was pleasant, knowledgable RE the food, and chatty.My only criticisms  (based on just this one experience) are that the AC was underpowered and there was an odd choice of heavy drum-beating dance/lounge music playing overhead, very un-French and not suited to the romantic small bistro general atmosphere of the restaurant.
2	This place is not what it used to be. When they opened, the food was wonderful, the wine amazing and all this at a very affordable price. Now the food is barely ok, the wine is basic and the prices increased by 30%. Really not worth it. If you are looking for affordable and very tasty and authentic french food, you're better off trying Scratch with their dinner menu. If you are looking for a more fancy French restaurant, Vincent in Phoenix would be the place.
4	Went there for the staff dinner (after 10 pm) and had bangers and mash, French style, which is lamb sausage over risotto. Risotto was creamy and the sausage was flavorful. My partner had the spicy sloppy joes made with short rib on a baguette. Unfortunately, there wasn't  a lot of flavor but it was tender. Matthew, the bartender was great, he provided good suggestions on the wine and great service. We also had a steak tartare that was very good.  I would definitely try this place again, the atmosphere is very quaint.
3	My family had a vacation in Scottsdale in November. We read a wonderful reviews about this restaurant and decided to give it a try. I will say we went there during lunch on a  weekday . The place looked small but cozy. We picked a table outside. No one was there, but  the place looked a little not organized so was the wait stuff . The menu was limited, but missing a lot of items . There was no bread and butter available. The waitress was talkative and apologizing every few minutes. but she was very nice  It took us 2 hours to complete this lunch with 4 courses . The lobster soup  was good, but missing a little lobster chunks and the Salmon salad was OK.. Desert was a a big disappointment for me . The lemon tart was to sweet and the other desert which we ordered was missing some parts and it was so so. The chef working during the lunch had no french back round Thar's for sure. :) Even the waitress said it and apologized for that.. I would still give it a try next time I am visiting Scottsdale. For me good french bistro must have good french bread and butter or some french pastries Just a little tip to the chef.. In Chicago we have a great french bistros so I must be a little spoiled.
1	New Years Eve fixed menu was a complete failure. First course was frozen, literally. We sent a couple plates back only to receive the same ice cold food. The veal was inedible. It was so tough that it was impossible to cut with a knife. We passed the plates around to all the guys as a challenge. It was the last course and most of us were done with the entire experience. A couple of friends paid extra for the sommelier wine flight only to find out later that he called in sick. The waiter, as qualified as he may have been, picked the pairings.Our friends, who recommended the restaurant, apologized the entire night while swearing up and down that they usually receive great food. Unfortunately, I will never find out. What hurts the most is that the staff seemed completely uninterested in trying to make up for their failures. No comps; they charged us the full amount, including for some items we didn't order. While most of us (party of 8) felt a rumble in our stomachs after we left, only one guy was physically sick later on. I can think of 10 better ways to throw away $300.
2	UPDATE: With my detailed review, the owners figured out who we were and reached out. It was a sincere attempt at trying to right a wrong. While it doesn't change our experience, it does bode well for improving their operations.
5	Great steak. Service is amazing. The ambiance is great. Small, but great seating indoors and outdoors. Very french feel. Love the greenery. Hole in the wall pleasant spot to go on a date. Dinner for two.
5	We frequent this restaurant at least 4 times a year, when I made the reservation through Open Table, I had made a special note that my father being 93 would not be able to sit outside and noted we needed to sit inside. When we arrived, I was very please, not only did they accommodate our indoor request but they also were accommodating on locating us in the front of the restaurant as not to have to walk all the way back. Our waitress was fantastic, my father had accidentally spilled his wine and our waitress was accommodating and replaced the wine at no cost. Appetizers: white asparagus, beef tartar, and Foie Gras were excellent. Entree: Bouillabaisse, Duck Breast and Steak Frites were all very good. We ended the evening with a wonderful Creme Brulee. Le Petite Maison is a tiny treasure that should not be missed.
5	What a lovely, friendly french restaurant.  Everything we ordered was fresh, thoughtfully presented and delicious.  No awkwardness accommodating new parents with a (sleeping, phew!) baby.  The decor was cosy and we had a wonderful time.   Can't wait to go back on a date night hopefully!
3	I've recently fell in love with French Cuisine and had the chance to endure great flavors from a cozy, cottage-like, French restaurant in the heart of downtown Scottsdale, Arizona.I had made rezzies at Petite Maison via Open Table on Yelp. Parking is on the street or their nearby parking lot. As we walked up to the hostess' table, she was able to show us to our seats. Although the restaurant offers outdoor patio dining, we opted to dine inside to experience dining in this cute, kitschy restaurant.*ESCARGOT ($11 for 6 pieces, **3.5 STARS**)I was expecting to shell out the escargot from it's shell! But actually, the escargot was already pulled from it's casing and baked within an individual baking dish full of melted butter and seasonings. The dish was served piping hot (especially the plate itself) along with two slices of warm, toasted baguette. The escargot was delightful, rich and tender. The warm buttery sauce it was baked in, encapsulated every crevice and gave a lot of oomph to the escargot itself. Definitely a dish worth trying! I kinda wish though I had the fun of shelling out the escargot from it's shell, but at the same time I'm kinda glad I didn't have to get down and dirty for it! *FOIE GRAS ($18, **4 STARS**)Was OMG! Mouth-watering, delicious and worth every penny! For those of you who are unfamiliar with foie, it's duck liver fat. The French would feed the ducks corn (in this case we knew the ducks were free-range and came from a decent place). The foie gras was seared and tasted like it was a piece of steak! As you cut into a piece of the seared foie, you got a piece of fat, which glistened within the light. Add a piece of the paired cranberry chutney, cider glaze and savory donut, this dish was mesmerizing! I do concur that it's worth ordering as this dish is what the restaurant is known for! GET 'EM!!!! *BOULLIABAISE ($33, **3 STARS**)A saffron base sauce was made with fresh mussels, clams, shrimp, scallops and halibut. The seafood was cooked quite well and everything was tender. The seafood was fresh! The base of the sauce was simple and not too salty. Not the best nor the worst, but pretty decent in my humble opinion.*POISSON ($28, **1 STAR**)A seared piece of halibut was cooked well. I liked that there was a nice "sear" within the fish and it was light and flaky. The only downfall to this dish is that the lobster risotto was not executed correctly. First and foremost, the risotto was so soupy that it wasn't thick in consistency as risotto should be. In addition, after one bite of the risotto, it was quite grainy - as if the rice was not yet cooked!!!!! After flagging down our waitress, she apologized for the mistake and was embarrassed for such a thing happening. The dish was sent back to the kitchen to be corrected. After several minutes, the risotto was served. Not only did it taste slightly better, BUT it was still grainy because the risotto was not cooked well..... AND it was still soupy! Unfortunately, it was the risotto that had made the halibut a lackluster as it was not paired well together. I didn't want to embarrass the waitress again and send back the dish, but accepted it as what it was. Service (**5 STARS**) was phenomenal from our waitress. I liked the fact that she shared recommendations of what to devour since it was our first time visiting the restaurant. She even shared a few corny jokes, which made our evening fun despite the risotto fail. She apologized sincerely for the mistake and was happily to correct the error. Overall, Petite Maison is a decent French restaurant in Scottsdale, Arizona. But I've had better French food in Portland, that this place doesn't really compare! If I were to come back to Petite Maison, I would probably only order the FOIS GRAS again. I had heard their dessert is good as well. Maybe my taste buds are spoiled by Portlandia, BUT for what it's worth, Petite Maison is A-OK in my book!Yelp 2013 100 for 100 Challenge - Review #27
1	Ate here for valentine's day with a prix fixe menu. WHAT A RIP OFF! $69/person + $20/person for wine pairings... Not including a 21% automatic gratuity for HORRIBLE SLUG-LIKE service!!! The waitress was super chatty and nosey when I was trying to have a romantic dinner with my girlfriend. The owner went to every table EXCEPT for ours to greet and make sure everyone was satisfied, although i did catch her looking at our table twice... Is everyone in arizona racist against Asians or something? Pot pie came out with FORKS instead of spoons.... huh?! The wrong second course was brought to our table... And we waited 20 minutes to have our water refilled. Seriously?!Food: The owner should be embarrassed! The menu was entirely new with courses they've never tested out beforehand... And it all sucked!!!! Prawns and scallops were raw... At least sear the dang thing, the last time I checked I was at a French restaurant, not out having sushi. Oyster pot pie was disgusting... Might as well have gone to Marie calendar's for that. Petite filet was decently flavored, but a bit dry. Dessert was pathetic- you would THINK a nutella apricot upside down cake would be mouth wateringly delicious, but surprise!!!!!! It was a dry flippin cake with burnt nutella on top. Betty Crocker, please teach the chefs at Petite Maison a thing or two -_- I really wanted to try the infamous foie gras there since its been banned in california, but I'm so glad I didn't. It would've probably ruined my love for foie gras forever, just like this restaurant ruined what WAS a perfectly good valentine's day. Merci Petite Maison............... for the worst experience ever!
5	BEST FOIE GRAS EVER!!!I have eaten foie gras all my life and this restaurant has the best one!Not only that, their mussels are amazing too!! And although the place is pretty squeezy, it has a romantic atmosphere!If only Petite Maison is in LA, I'd eat there at least twice a month! LOVE IT!
5	My wife and I were at Petite Maison for Valentines and I am not sure what the previous poster was talking about.  Yeah, the service was a little slow, but the place was packed and who wants to be rushed through what is supposed to be a romantic dinner (well maybe if you are trying to break up or your date is boring . . .)We live in NYC, eat at the finest restaurants in the world and are fierce critics of lousy food.  There were two choices for each of the four courses, and we ordered one of each, so we tasted literally everything on the menu that night.  We loved every bite.  Every dish was perfectly prepared and beautifully presented.As far as the claim of racism, while I abhor the politics of Arizona, and would like to see Sheriff Joe Arpaio in jail, claiming that the staff of this place are racist is slanderous. I saw people of every different race and nationality enjoying their romantic dinners together, and there was absolutely no difference in how they were served.Sounds like someone just had a bad date.
5	Going to Petite Maison was a wonderful experience.  Their cozy romantic atmosphere made us feel relaxed and welcomed.  The food was incredible.  My girlfriend and I tried the Foie Gras for the first time and it was a delicious treat.  For entrees I had the seafood dish, and my girlfriend had the lamb.  Both meals had great flavor, and were perfectly prepared.Great "special occasion" restaurant!  We will see you again!
5	I am far from a french food expert but I had a great experience here. The staff are over the top friendly and accommodating. I love the cozy atmosphere inside and on the patio. They have an interesting cocktail menu and a choice selection of french wine and champagne to kick off your evening. We started with the escargot which was so decadent. I had the Lamb Chops which were the best I've ever had. The Scallops my friend ordered were perfectly prepared and succulent. I highly recommend you try Petite Maison very soon it is one of the best values in Scottsdale (dinner for two minus drinks was under $80).
4	We discovered Petite Maison on our previous visit to Phoenix.  Our meal then and now was excellent.  We will definitely make it here every time we visit Phoenix.Try it.  You won't be disappointed.
2	Such a sweet patio, so inviting, beautiful ambiance. Candlelit, garden setting. So perfect! However, my meat was cold, and our waitor needed to take it down a notch. I'm all for friendly, but he was a bit overly animated and loud for the type of environment. We weren't at Chucky Cheese, we were at a quaint french bistro. Hello, turn down the volume. This critique is coming from someone who is often teased as "buddy the elf"...so if I thought it was over the top, it must have been! Also appreciated that it was walking distance to our hotel.
5	Love their soup and lamb!
4	Adorable. Such an intimate date restaurant, you can't beat the ambiance here.I had a French Martini which was fine. We were only snacking, but the pretzels are a must try. WOW! I'll be back again.
3	I may have been too tired to fully enjoy Petite Maison.  This intimate, ostensibly French restaurant is tucked into a more boisterous Club district.  The patio is charming, but the inside is full of dsconnects.  Music was Argentine tango.  Decor was more Swiss or Scandinavian than provencal.  Pretzels?  Now I'm in Deutschland.  The menu was pretty spare when searching for  French items.And it was expensive.  "If it's Tuesday, it must be Belgium."I probably won't go back.
5	Excellent restaurant and very good service.Prices are very reasonable
5	Came here on my annual spring training girls tripa little hard to find but definitely a hidden gem!$35 champagne  3 course brunchfantastic!!!!!!i had poutine, a delicious sandwhich, beignets, and endless mimosasquiet sunny ambience, and attentive serviceill definitely be going back next year
4	Really cozy little French bistro. I love to sit outside on the patio when its nice outside. I've only been here twice and both times for Champagne brunch. The menu sometimes varies slightly reflecting what's in season and/or whatever fancies the Chef.  The Brunch du Champagne is 3 courses with endless Mimoas for only $35. A must try! Enjoy!
4	I've been here a few times over the past couple of years - for brunch and staff meal, mostly.My best friend and I brought my mom once, and she fell in love  - and asked to come here for Mother's Day. Good call, Mom!We were seated in the courtyard. I was a bit concerned it would be too warm - but the misters did their job and the table was shaded, so it was quite pleasant. And lovely to be amongst the plants.Prix fixe menu with three appetizers, three entrees and three desserts to choose from, with champagne and mimosas.My mom, her husband and I did the appetizers the right way. Mom ordered the crepe Suzette, her husband had the mushroom quiche and I had the beet cured gravlax. With trying one of each, we were able to sample across all the offerings. And we ordered right - each of us felt that while each was great, we each had the best one. Win across the board!We dropped the perfect plan with the entrees. None of us found the chicken very appealing. Mom and hubby each had the steak with gruyere Yorkshire pudding and haricots verts, I had the salmon with heirloom tomatoes and Yukon golds. This time, everyone agreed - while the steak was great, my salmon was the hands down winner. The best salmon I've had in years, possibly ever.The sample it all plan failed miserably with dessert. We ALL opted for the beignets with Nutella drizzle.  I knew they wouldn't be NOLA style beignets  - I've had them here before. I guess I should have warned the others. While they were quite enjoyable as yummy fried balls of dough with Nutella and powdered sugar - they were NOT what they had imagined.Happily - there was enough flowing mimosas that no one minded, really!I was a wee bit flustered with the pricing. Normal Sunday brunch is $35. Mother's Day was $49. Granted...it's Mother's Day. Places can charge whatever they want - it's one of the busiest restaurant days of the year. Heck, I knew it going in, and I was willing to pay it. But really, it wasn't notably better than the regular brunch. Yes - everything was beautifully plated, tasted fantastic and we had great service across the board. But that's something I've come to expect from every visit to Petite Maison.Maybe next time, I will take Mom here for a normal Sunday brunch, and go all out for Mother's Day at home.Lovely Mother's Day brunch, overall - and a good reminder that I need to get Petite Maison back on my regular rotation. It had been too long!
1	05/18/13AZ Restaurant dinner #1 started out fair enough:  Received a voicemail from Sarah in the afternoon asking to confirm my reservation for later that evening.  Called to say I was indeed coming, but may arrive earlier and was told I would be accommodated for patio dining.  I checked in around 8:15p amidst a bustling patio setting and was relegated to the bar with a waiting time of around 15 minutes.  While looking through the wine menu, I decided I'd just eat at the bar.  Bartender Matthew was my server and obliged me with tastes of sauvignon and pinot blancs so that I may decide on a glass ($9) to accompany my three-course meal ($40).  After I'd ordered the pinot, and my prix fixe of soft shell crab, sea bass, and lemon curd tartelette, my complimentary cheese puff arrived. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/petite-maison-scottsdale?select=gX_2BIP2yqskNyxU9ugNmA#gX_2BIP2yqskNyxU9ugNmA  It was delicious, but not as great as I remembered it to be during the Julia Childs' dinner of Aug. '12.What drew me in to include Petite Maison as one of my four dinners during AZ Restaurant Week, besides having eaten here many times before, was the menu's presentation.  Each course reflected a French fusion theme: the appetizer course had a French Asian twist (char sui pork jowls, or the soft shell crab tempura); the main was French Morroccan (sea bass, or roasted lamb leg), and dessert was French italian (nutella raviolis, or lemon curd tartelette).  A "French French" supplement of foie gras was also available for $14.  One of the advantages of Restaurant Week is the opportunity to try new restaurants that I haven't been able to visit before.  I also tend NOT to have dinner at a new place without first trying out the happy hour, and my daily routines and work schedule keep me from venturing out to places I've bookmarked for years, so when RW rolls around twice a year, I earmark new places, but upon seeing PM's menu, I decided to make it my first stop.  To say I was excited about my upcoming meal was putting it very mildly!The soft shell crab was a beauty. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/petite-maison-scottsdale?select=mjKPAlDj_Y00AGQKnz_QdQ#mjKPAlDj_Y00AGQKnz_QdQ  In fact, it was such a sight to behold, that a PM regular (Todd from Savannah, GA) sitting to my right also wanted to take a photo of it!  The dish smelled fantastic!  I ate this all up in a couple of minutes-- loved the yuzu aioli, which went well with the carrot-ginger slaw.  The ginger was divine!  The dish was well-balanced and not greasy at all.Gaps between the courses were well-paced and soon, the sea bass arrived.  Matthew placed it down in front of me, hot and still wrapped in the parchment paper casing it was cooked in, and was about to cut and present it, when I asked him to pause for a moment so that I may take a "before" photo. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/petite-maison-scottsdale?select=K28gtY8lGIG2qRQ3PNzY3Q#K28gtY8lGIG2qRQ3PNzY3Q  When he finally broke the seal, the aromas that wafted out were enticing! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/petite-maison-scottsdale?select=hCVa6u5-AQBTrTxUOoZZTQ#hCVa6u5-AQBTrTxUOoZZTQ  However, after the necessary pics were taken and I had a couple of bites, I found the flavor of the fish very mild, and the cous cous, which was what made me want to order the dish, was also a bit bland to my liking.  The fish was cooked perfectly- and the veggies and cous cous were al dente.  The couple of twists of braised lemon I did in hopes to add more flavor didn't change the overall taste profile, but I finished the course anyway, since it was a small serving.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/petite-maison-scottsdale?select=tZt7FlNlSb0PAKpcGy5pJg#tZt7FlNlSb0PAKpcGy5pJgThe lemon curd tartelette wrapped up the prix fixe meal, but not before Matthew brought me a surprise- a short glass of muscat.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/petite-maison-scottsdale?select=SZPQ1zcCm84ITBJVIjCJ9A#SZPQ1zcCm84ITBJVIjCJ9A  Overall, I liked this pastry, even though I had a hard time cutting through the pastry shell each and every time.  The curd was very tangy and sweet, made sweeter by the honey drizzle, but the dollop of goat cheese did well to temper the sweet dish.  The nice glass of pinot blanc and tempura app were by far my faves tonight, and Matt obliging me with samples of wine before I ordered was appreciated, and I would've walked away with a 3.5 star experience until Matthew bade me goodbye saying "See you again next year on your once-a-year trip to Petite Maison."  He and Todd laughed, and I laughed along (I was buzzed), but what a very rude thing  to say!  By implying that I, or anyone for that matter, came to dine here only during RW to save money, Matt effectively wiped away everything that was satisfactory and made me wish I never went in the first place!It takes only ONE person to ruin a guest's otherwise terrific experience, Chef Porter.  I hope you address this!RW menu, wine, and tax $53.39 + $10 tip= $63.39
5	Love this restaurant, most of the foods are tasty!  I had foie gras, my friends got the lamb chop and the escargot, they're all good, but I think foie gras is the best.  Best of all is the service here, we had Amy as our waitress.  She was really helpful introducing us to all the dishes. And she was so funny, telling us all kinds of different stories and joke, makes me feel like having a dinner at a friend's house.  We all had a great time there and enjoy the food.  Looking forward to come back there again!!!
4	Six of us try Petite Maison during Arizona Restaurant week. It was nice to sit outside in their patio, some trees with sunshine and view of the moon.For the dishes, we ordered both all tasting menu and other regulars ones.Definitely try Char sui pork jowls: smooth, salty, fat but not oily. Come with barbecued flavor and sweet taste. [5]Tartare: I kind of like it. A nice combination with raw beef, capers, parsley to give a sour taste to cover beef. Use parsley to mix with beef to bring some juice and make it refreshing. Beef itself is tasty. [5]Foie gras with roasted plum jam: our favorite. Sweet, a little salty, full bodied, fatty tastes. [5]Queue de Boeuf: a well seasoned oxtail. Rich and a little salty to give a balanced favor. [4.5]Hudson valley foie gras torchon: when I had my first bite, I feel I had a high quality chocolate melted in my mouth or a butter melted on a hot iron surface. Taste not strong, with pure torchon flavor, rich and a little too fatty. [4]Moules: the soup is full-bodied, best eat with bread. mussels have their fishy smell. [4]Escargots: come with a little portion, tender, Q texture. [3.75] Soft shell crab tempura: a good tempura, the shell is really soft and crab fresh. But not that special. [3.5]Sea bass: bass is good, but not too much taste. [3]Roasted lamb leg: no muttony odour, meat is little tough to eat. [3]Wine pairing is also very nice, we tried four different wines.I suggest you try dishes over [4].
4	Cute little French place right in the heart of Scottsdale. Try the escargot and flat iron steak with pomme frites. Some special wines too and knowledgeable staff!
5	Champagne Brunch = Amazing. We wanted to just stay until we digested and eat dinner there but, alas, had reservations elsewhere. Next Time, Petite Maison!  Also, our server was delightful.
4	Restaurant has a great Parisian look- so quaint and cozy however I've been twice where several items on the menu were not available so selection is sparse. The burger is mouth watering and bread roll is very fresh. What is available is delicious so enjoy!
4	My wife and I wanted a true French cuisine experience and most definitely got it here!  Everything was awesome, and the menu is printed daily on embossed bond paper, WHAT!?  We started with two appetizers, or should I say (HOR DOURVES), only because after seeing so many shows bag on the amount of food you get at a French spot, I felt we needed two.  The Tartar came first, it was the tartar its self along with three thin sliced biscotti...hmmm, I'm particular about odd numbers, seeing as we'd have to break the third in half to even it out, haha.  Then came the highly recommended Fois Gras (Duck Liver with Duck Fat?), served atop a duck fat donut and roasted peach.  No, not peaches, a slice of peach!  Both of course were amazing, but I could have ate each in one bite! Really.  Yes, I eat, and am not afraid to say it!Our entrees were Roasted Duck Breast, and Rack of Lamb.  When I think of roasted duck, i'm reminded of the whole duck, plucked and hanging from it's neck, sitting under a heat lamp for who knows how long, just sitting through the glass waiting for someone to end it's misery....ahhh but of course, this duck was much, much different, seared outside with a nice inside.  It was actually amazing!  The rack of lamb....EVEN BETTER!  This Lamb was actually much larger than a normal rack, almost twice the size, and it was seasoned and cooked to perfection!We finished with Chocolate Souffle served with Vanilla Anglaise (cream)....need I say more?Amazing food, cozy ambiance, only drawbacks, we were still a little hungry afterwards, but why ruin an exquisite meal with a burger after anyway...we left it at that.  Also, the prices are what you would expect for an authentic French Experience, but worth a nice night out when you have a special occasion or want to splurge!  I should also say the staff was extremely friendly and helpful with explaining the menu and pronunciations.
4	This was truly an excellent experience. The only reason why I am not giving it the 5th star is because it is a bit too pricey for my taste. I had the cheese plate to begin and it was fabulous but steep at $16. Hubby had delicious escargot and baby bear had mussels. We went onto the Duck - fantastic, the Lamb, fantastic and the scallops - out of this world. The help is excellent. Truly attentive. Their suggestions were excellent as well.We did not drink (preferring to spend calories on food!) We each had an entree and an appetizer. No dessert. Was $160 for food. ($53 each is a bit steep for us) Food wise and service wise 5 stars!!!!
5	I have been looking for a really nice-quaint french restaurant for a year now and I have found it! Great food, great atmosphere, and nice people. My husband, 2yr. old son, and I drove from east Gilbert just to see what the rave was all about. Keep in mind this is not a kid friendly restaurant as it is small and intimate but they were very sweet and accommodating. We started off with foie gras, pomme frites, and a cheese platter for our son. I was hesitant n ordering foie gras because I've had a bad experience at Cork in Chandler but no, it was delicious here. I ordered the duck dish (canard) and a side of lobster risotto. The duck was more rare for my liking but other than that the lobster risotto was cooked to perfection. My husband ordered lamb and said it was melt n his mouth tender. Overall what made the visit special was the staff. Warren our waiter was very attentive and helpful. I'm thankful this isn't another big chain restaurant with inattentive staff and mediocre overpriced food. I will be back here again.
2	This place is really cute. We waited 30 minutes for our reserved table. The menu was not the same menu I had looked at on-line (I went back and saw that the spring menu is still on-line, although it is now September), so I was a little disappointed in that as I had chosen the restaurant based on the menu. Nothing on the current menu appealed to me that much. I got the duck with faro. It was very salty. It was just so-so, nothing memorable. My husband got the steak and fries, which was somewhat tough and also very salty.  They were out of the dessert we wanted. It was our anniversary, which I told them when we made the reservation. The only thing they did for that was that we got a "happy anniversary" from the hostess as we left. We went a few blocks away to another french restaurant and had dessert and coffee there on the patio. They brought a sparkler out with dessert in honor of the celebration, which was a nice touch.
4	Great restaurant for french food. We sat outside...which is noisy on a weekend. I suggest people try to sit inside.Now....the food and wine was very good. Get the tartare and bouillabaisse! Tartare was some meat paste and a egg on top of it. The bouillabaisse is their seafood...only had one shrimp though. The fois gras was OK....also had the duck...which I warn it is medium rare...but still good. Get some full body red to go with it.All in all very expensive.....so use this place for special occasions.
2	Went for Restaurant week on 9/21, the food and presentation were good.  Most unhappy that they added a gratuity of 29% for a party of 4.  Absolutely ridiculous and will not go back.
2	We visited Petite Maison during restaurant week.  While the food served to us was fairly good -- the truffled pork cheeks were the star of the meal -- we were appalled when we received the bill and found that 29% gratuity had been added to the cost of our meal.  The service was good but certainly not exceptional (one member of the wait staff, who may have been the restaurant's manager, I'm unsure of her exact role, was consistently flustered when presenting our table with the dishes and blamed her mistakes on other members of the wait staff).  Our experience at Petite Maison did not warrant 29% gratuity.  We will not return.
5	Very nice and romantic atmosphere! It's very pleasant and the service is excellent. Be sure to do the wine pairing! I recommend sitting on the patio (during the cooler months). The inside is very small.You'll probably drive right by it...it's tucked away and very private! They're basically behind some hedges. Highly recommended.
4	only come here for foie gras... everything else.. is mehhh
4	Overall, a wonderful dining experience.  We went mid-week,  sat outside and it was quiet and intimate.  The food was fantastic!  It appeared they were understaffed and we had to wait a while to order our first drinks and dinner, but once orders were placed, the service ran like clockwork.  We highly recommend the mussels, scallops and oxtail ravioli!  Could have had a better dessert selection.  We will definitely be returning!
4	We picked this place for Friday night date night, awesome atmosphere.. it was SOOO romantic.  A bit cold because we got sat outside, no heaters were on.  The inside wasn't as romantic it reminded me of a bar.  The hostess had the cutest accent and was really sweet.  Our waiter seemed kind of stiff, we tried to joke with him but no response.. made it a bit awkward but on to the food.  We ordered Foi Gras, mushroom risotto, lamb chops, and creme brulee.  Foi Gras- I've been dying to try this as they recently outlawed it in California, actually this was the reason I picked this resturant.  I was pretty disappointed just tasted like fat with weird texture.  However, I am not opposed to trying it somewhere else so I can develop a better palette for judging foi gras.  Mushroom risotto-  Very very very yummy! My boyfriend and I are pretty obsessed with risotto and this one was totally up to par with our expectations.  So buttery and perfect amount of cheese.  Lamb chops-  This was cooked to perfection, medium rare.  There was this berry reduction sauce on one side that was very tastey.  Another side was a green sauce, not a big fan.. kind of felt like drinking a cleanse juice.  It was ok though we avoided that side and went for the berry sauce.  This dish was amazing but the only thing that bothered us was that it came with 2 lamb chops, really? For $35 bucks you could at least give us 3.. maybe 4.  Creme Brulee- nothing special, a little lemon hint to it. We also had the coffee which was very interesting, it was from a local coffee bean shop, it tasted really light kind of like tea.  I actually thought they gave us tea so we had to ask.  Overall I recommend this place for date night/ first dates.  They have french music playing in the background made it feel like we were in Paris.  Reminded me a lot of the movie Ratatouille.  Perfect romantic atmosphere for dates.
5	Absolutely amazing. The presentation, the service, the taste, the music, the atmosphere... All simply superb! I agree with one of the other comments though, even thought it's gorgeously decorated outside, try to sit inside :)
5	Beautiful patio, delicious food, excellent drinks and wine! Very reasonably priced. Highly recommend.
4	Been there twice. Nice, cozy and romantic atmosphere, both inside and outside. They have enough heaters so it stays quite warm in the patio, too. Style of their cuisine is more rustic and hearty French than sophisticated and meticulous ones, but they taste pretty good. I didn't like escargot by themselves, but having it with bone marrow made them great and new. The server knocked over the wine and water one time, but he recovered well and was not affected in the service afterwards, so I'd give him a plus. ;)
4	We've been going to Petite Maison for about 6 years now. We love the quaintness, we love the service, we love the food (Classic French), we love the patio. We just dined there after the remodel and the menu makeover. I did peek in and loved the remodel, though we were not impressed with the new menu "Modern French". Now they have joined all the rest of the "Modern French" restaurants in Scottsdale. And for those who have had the taste of the past menu may have the same opinion. The escargot with bone marrow was very good, but the classic version was better. The oyster fritters were fair not much taste. I missed my big bowl of mussels simmered in shallots and white wine. I tried the mussels in coconut sauce, much smaller portion, I'm at a french restaurant not a Thai restaurant. The steak frites was very good unique with the sweetbreads, though not too fond of sweetbreads. The duck fat fries were excellent. I think the new menu is good but it does not compare to the old. I miss the steak tartar and even took note that the table next to us missed the tartar too.
4	I dined here with a group of 4 girls and we each got different entrees so that we could share.   We ordered the foie gras and duck fat curry fries as appetizers and the following entrees:  sea bass, diver scallops, duck with chickpeas, and croquet madame papadelle.  I really liked the foie gras, although its not the best I've had.  It's a very tiny portion that they give you, so if you're sharing with foie gras lovers, best to get 2 orders.  Thankfully, no liked it as much as me so I ate most of it.  I liked everyone else's food except mine - the croquet madame papadelle.  I was hungry and didn't read the description thoroughly and didn't bother to ask the waiter to explain the dish so I pretty much ordered something that was different than what I thought it would be... my fault :/  Other than that, scallops were cooked perfectly, sea bass was flakey in a good way, duck with chickpeas = delish. I feel like the service I received here should be the standard for all high end restaurants - I've been to way more expensive places than Petite Maison and received not so great service.And usually, I don't really care about "service", because if you read a lot of my reviews, I tend to really focus more on food than who is bringing me my food.  But if I'm spending 50+ on my meal, it's just kind of a given that I'm paying for the experience as well. With that said, our waiter was very nice.  Not the overbearing, hovering type.  He explained the menu thoroughly and didn't annoy us.  Maybe we just got the pick of the litter that night, haha.  That or they train their staff very well.We ended the meal with a chocolate souffle that came with a raspberry sauce - the dessert as a whole was not too sweet which was a good thing.  I guess it just tasted like a very moist chocolate cake with... raspberry sauce.  =DOh yeah.  And the ambiance...   there's something about dimmed lights, candles and french words you can't read.  :)
5	What a wonderful restaurant. The food, service and wine selections are are wonderful. The house smoked salmon tartar and the black sea mussels are particularly good. Great ambiance adds to the terrific dining experience.
4	Mussels and House pate during "happiest hour" was delicious.
4	My husband and I had a wonderful Valentine's Day lunch at Petite Maison and I highly recommend this restaurant for any occasion - quick lunch, business lunch, dinner date, girlfriends meal. The place is so ADORABLE! The patio is gorgeous, with flowering lush trees and climbing greens over the fireplace. Service was great and I really enjoyed the food. We had:- Ricotta & Walnut Bread Appetizer: They had fromage blanc instead of the ricotta, which when eaten alone was flavorless but when combined with the crisp walnut bread & honey, was delectable.- Roasted Cauliflower & Farro Entree: This was the vegetarian entree and I loved it! I have to give big props to Petite Maison for having a "purpose made" vegetarian entree on a menu that only has 5 or 6 entrees. I'm so used to having to order something without the meat, which usually means something in the dish is missing. This was heaven made for a vegetarian. The combination of lemon, feta, almonds, sweet potatoes, and 4 beautiful colors of cauliflower was so wonderful. This was really fantastic and I would happily order it over and over.- Steak: My husband got this and his dish certainly wasn't as beautiful as mine. I don't think he loved it as much as I loved my entree but he had no complaints either.The only bummer were the flies on the patio. I doubt it's something the restaurant can control, but it was a little hard to relax and slowly savor a meal while having to constantly shoo away flies from my entree. But, that certainly won't stop me from coming back and sitting on the patio again!
2	All I can say is, what a disappointment.  If you are looking for a french experience, do not expect to find one here....unless a few french words sprinkled into a menu count.  The decor was nondescript, the bar was not fully stocked (i.e...ingredients necessary for drinks advertised on their menu were unavailable). The appetizers and entrees were reasonable, but nothing special.  But what really stood out was the lack of refinement in both the food presentation and the service.  Additionally, even though we had a later reservation, we felt perpetually rushed when no one was waiting and alternatively, ignored for things as simple as refilling our water glasses.  It was also a slight when who we assume was the manager, circulated to various tables, but for some reason, never really spoke to us, except when she plopped down some bread sticks in an empty water glass (bread sticks in a french restaurant?). Phoenix deserves better.
4	Brought my Fiance here for her birthday. We got the foie gras appetizer  to start (im from California, and its outlawed there so we had to get it). I got the rabbit leg which came with roasted vegetables My fiance got the roasted duck. All the items on the menu were really good. Waiter was super nice. Only problem was that they were supposed to bring out a dessert with a candle on top ( I called beforehand to let them know that it was my fiance's birthday)....but the waiter asked if we wanted dessert...and I tried to tell him with my eyes that I already called in and that he should just bring out whatever...just as long as it has a candle in it. I dont think he could read my eyes. Minus one star for not being able to read my eyes. On the real though, this place is good. Highly recommend.
4	Great brunchAmazing so few people know about itThe French eggs on chrisp pate was to die for.Chef Porter really adds to the Scottsdale culinary scene.
5	This place was amazing! If there were six stars I would give it! We came down for spring training and loved RnR as brunch but needed a break and decided to check out this place. Needless to say it didn't disappoint. We had the bottomless mimosas with the three course meal. French toast, braised pork, and classic beignets! Geez. We will come again for sure! Best place so far!
4	I thoroughly enjoyed my dinner here. I was very excited to come here and finally had the chance! I started with a cotes du Rhone wine, $76 bottle, fabulous! The shinig star was part of the appetizer.  I have never had better ravioli in my life! Diver scallops, with a creamy sauce full of mustard seeds and greens. The mixed greens salad was also very nice, nothing to die for, but I need green.  My entree was a rack of lamb on beluga lentils, celery root and carrot. Simple favors but the meat was perfectly cooked to my specific temperature and the crust was nice. I'd go back any day!
5	Went here with my wife for lunch.  We seemed to have the place to ourselves.  A beautiful day so we sat outside on the front patio.  Our server was wonderful. She explained the menu and answered all of our questions.  of course since we were the only ones there she should have.We had salmon and a cauliflower dish that was amazing.  Dessert was a orange cardamom pot de creme that also was delicious.  I hope the food is this good all the time at Petite Maison and that they stay in business.  I want to return on my next visit to Scottsdale.
4	Wow ! It's like eating in Paris without the rude service and people speaking French . Delicious foie gras , with bananas and Carmel popcorn side - perfect combination of sweet and savory . The bouillabaisse had a nice  blend  of seafood complemented by an amazing broth. I had the sorbet for desert , but it had a touch too much ginger . Ask for the perfect wine parings .... Service was sharp and atmosphere excellent . Definitely bookmarked and on the list for my next trip to Scottsdale .
4	Loved this place! cute little hideaway in old town Scottsdale. Was there for their happiest hours on a Sunday.  The staff was really nice, great food, great location.  Will definately be back!
3	Situated in the former small space of Baby Cay's, for those of you who remember when.  The interior is now fresh and quite French. However, one enters through the front patio, needing to sidestep to avoid running into a fixed awning base. Now to the experience: Our food was good, not exceptional, but good.  The service, although pleasant, was extremely slow-we received our brunch entree 52 min. after arriving. Many who came later were served before us, leading us to believe they had lost the order. No apology was given.  The A/C was way too cold. We and another couple asked for it to be turned up and it was.  All in all, we would not go back. Being frequent diners at many Valley restaurants, there is better food elsewhere. House Brasserie comes to mind if one wants French.  Sassi, Kai, Vincent's,Cowboy Ciao, and Rusconi's remain our tried and true favorites.
3	This place is great for a date or a special occasion. The patio is really nice.However the food is not memorable at all.The best part were the hors d'oeuvres. The hamachi was pretty good and the mushroom ravioli too. I had the burger which was OK. My friend had the scallops and apparently they were pretty salty.Don't expect much and you won't be disappoint.Cheers
5	Went there on a Friday night with another couple. I think this place is a shinning star. The service was fabulous , the food was superb and the ambiance cozy..I would certainly recommend this star restaurant in Scottsdale and you can count on me being back..Thank you Petite Maison team for a wonderful evening.. I only write a review when one is deserved and they so deserved 5 stars ..I cant say enough wonderful things, be sure to make reservations head of time   Robert Coleman 5-30-2014
5	Best French restaurant we have ever been. Food and wine was great, as well as service! 5 Stars!!!
4	A great little retreat to enjoy French music, food and wine. They have a wonderful happy hour with 1/2 premium wines and a good selection of eats. Sit at the bar and enjoy.
5	I have been going to Petite Maison for a few years now.   The restaurant is a delight!  Very consistent and friendly service and close to all the nightlife in downtown Scottsdale.   If your lucky enough to have the oxtail, it might be one of the best things you have ever consumed and you should prostrate yourself in front of the chef and pray to him--pray that he keeps making it.   For those who have cooked with oxtail, you know how involved and time consuming it is to make...this chef goes the extra mile and additionally smokes it.  Oh. My. God.Do yourself a big favor and try this restaurant at least once.
3	Well after reading all the great reviews and local TV cookouts we finally made it to Petite Maison tonight.We were greeted and promptly seated by the staff and the restaurant is clean and very charming inside and out.Vincent was our waiter for tonight and he made us feel right at home and paid close attention to our needs.We started out with the Mushroom Ravioli which were very well prepared but I did not care to much for the side ingredients.Next we had the Salmon and Seafood platter as our main course and the presentation of the food was nice but not overwhelming.I did once again did not care for some of the ingredients in the dishes but then again we all have different taste-buds.Now I admin that I am probably spoiled by the cooking I grew up with in Germany and Austria but one thing missing in our dinning experience was the wow factor.  The desert also was on the so-so factor. We had the ice-cream  profiteroles which was well prepared but the Ice-cream was too frozen to enjoy the real flavor.Again I give credit for the great location and friendly staff and highly recommend this place to anybody if you are looking for a great place for a romantic dinner.I recommend Le Sans Souci Restaurant in Cave Creek for your comparison and let you be the judge.Thank you Chef Porter for a nice evening.Best regards.Huey B.
5	I LOVE eating brunch or dinner here!Definitely call ahead for a reservation, since there are such a small number of tables.Foie gras is cooked perfectly.Whenever I'm in Scottsdale, this is my go-to spot for a great meal!The staff are ALWAYS polite and personable, too.Highly recommend.
5	We ate dinner here for the 1st time while in Scottsdale over the weekend. We didn't have a reservation but the friendly staff seated us immediately anyway. We loved the food, some of the best we have in Scottsdale/Phoenix area. We all ordered something different and everything was full of flavor. Our waitress was exceptional. Very friendly, helpful and we loved her accent! We will definitely dine here again when we visit in a month.
4	A great place to eat before the opera at The Met and after if not too late. The steaks and cold cuts are delicious and the service is quick and attentive. Good value.
1	I was there to have their appetizer as those are my favourite appetizers in France.  However, I was really disappointed as the appetizers were so pricey with the portion that they serve... I think I will never come back here again.
4	We enjoyed our lunch at Petite Maison. The food was very good and the portions were perfect. My only complaint might be the coffee: I ordered a decaf. It was very good, but the cup although very pretty was quite small. I would have loved a second 'cup', but none was offered. I am beginning to be annoyed by upscale restaurants that will not offer a second cup of coffee! That said, it was a very nice lunch.
4	Came here on a Saturday night after we made reservations.  At first, our group wasn't very pleased with place because when we got there they only had outdoor seating for us, even though we had made reservations in advance and no one ever asked us if we preferred indoor or outdoor.  However, the food and service ended up being good. We ordered a variety of dishes: the bone marrow and escargot, the foie gras stuffed burger, the flat iron steak and shoe-string fries, the gazpacho, and bouillabaisse.  Everyone was very content with their food.  I ordered the bone marrow--which I thought was a little plain and too thick for my liking because I'm used to it spreading like butter--and escargot--which were good but did not have enough sauce or butter on them. I also ordered the bouillabaisse which was delicious and a very good sized portion (I would recommend sharing). I also tried some of the foie gras-stuffed burger and thought it also delicious, and you can definitely taste a hint of the foie gras, but it wasn't overpowering (my friend liked it and she doesn't typically like foie gras).  Their cocktails were very good too; we ordered the negroni, sidecar, cucumber collins, and old phoenician. I had the negroni, which was prepared just as it should be, and the old phoenician, which had a strong bourbon taste, but I enjoy that.  One thing that I would warn customers about is if you sit outside service may be a little slower, so if you're in a hurry I would try to get a table inside.
5	My friend has been yearning to go to Petite Maison for the three course champagne brunch, but nobody else was willing to pay $35 ... Enter a dashing young man with a penchant for hedonistic consumption of food and drink. Me!I have to say, the restaurant is very nicely appointed, and the patio area definitely has that Parisienne feel to it on a warm Saturday morning. The interior is equally nice, with a clean look that still feels welcoming.Bottom line, the food and service quality is excellent. The ingredients are fresh, the plating is appealing, everything is well seasoned, etc. etc. What more can you ask for? Our waitress, who happened to be British, added a classy tone to the experience (yes, I realize this is somewhat ironic). Though she was slightly chatty, it was still a good interaction and we enjoyed our conversation with her while genteelly stuffing our faces.
5	Great restaurant but please note: THEY ARE CLOSING ON NOV. 8th and next restaurant is TBD. So sad!
5	So sad to hear that this place is closing. We've been in for Sunday brunch a few times and both the service and food are always fantastic. What a deal at $35/person, with unlimited champagne and mimosas, too. Yesterday's lobster poutine, seared wild salmon and chocolate profiteroles were all perfect. Definitely a sad, sad loss for the Scottsdale food community!
5	The steak was good, the pork chops were ok but the souffle was very very good !!!  I like the foie gras too, but it was the first time that I had foie gras, so I am not the best judge. Sadly, this place is closing down on 8th Nov 2014
4	Great food & service.  Too bad they were bought-out and are closing on Saturday Nov 8th. Our server said the new restaurant will called Upton, with TV's in the patio walls. Clearly, it will no longer be fine dining, but yet another Old Town sports-type place.
