4	CRAB CRAB CRAB... Great place for seafood lovers!!! My drink was good, service was very helpful and friendly!!! I'll probably go back!!!
4	Here's the deal.  This place is kind of cheesy, but I was limited in options for dinner, and skeptical about going in.  I'm glad - sort of - that I did.  The place was packed, so that was a good sign, and it seems that regulars really do like when the staff leads the customers in song.  Weird.  I didn't have crab, but I was pleasantly surprised by the salmon with dirty rice.  The salmon was cooked perfectly, again I was surprised. I don't know why I expected so little from Joe's but I enjoyed myself there. And enjoyed the restaurant's selection of beer.  Sam's Summer Ale in Reno?  I'll take it.One strange moment: I was sitting at the bar enjoying my dinner and a mother, presumably, ordered her infant fruit juice in a sippy cup.  She ordered herself a "Category 5 Hurricane".  Read the drink menu here: http://bit.ly/JmHDty.  I guess I now understand why I was so skeptical at first.
4	We really only go here for the play ground, the food is okay, the drinks are great and the service is always great.
4	Just came here yesterday for my birthday.The atmosphere is ideal for kids. This location on Rainbow and Lake Mead has a playground outside for kids to play in. Although its Las Vegas and it's hot out, kids will be kids and will not allow the heat to deter them from playing on it.Upon arrival the hostess wasn't as friendly as a hostess should be, but our server definitely made up for that. Our server Lacy was awesome. She had a positive bubbly attitude. She was so helpful and super friendly. I really appreciate her as my server. I ordered an appetizer of a bucket of 18 shrimps. Although the shrimps were a little on the smaller side, dipping it in the cocktail sauce made it delicious. Only problem was that the seasoning was smuthered on the outside of the shell on the shrimp. When the shell is peeled off, the Old Bay seasoning went along with it. For main course, i ordered the new Queen crab. The queen crab was new and was supposedly in season and was the most popular item, so I ordered that with the garlic herb spice. The crab was disappointing when it came out. The meat was described as meaty and juicy on the menu. When arrived, the shell sure looked big, but when cracking it open, the meat was tiny and unfulfilling. I don't recommend the queen crab. The meat was a little on the dry side. The flavoring was a disappointment. I recommend making your own sauce with lemon juice, tobasco, and pepper. The stuff snapper was an item that was also order, and it was delicious! the crab meat on top of the snapper gave the fish a delightful taste. The kids menu was good with a variety of burgers and chicken suitable for kids with a choice of vegatable or fries. Beware: there are no refills on juices or milk. I suggest ordering a soda or lemonade if your kids are thirsty from playing outside in the playground.Since it was my birthday, the people who brought me here expected a free dessert. They DO NOT offer a free dessert, even for your birthday. What they do offer is a song and pony ride. They came out and sang a birthday song, expecting for me to gallop around restaurant. I believe this is geared more towards kids and an adult. Although embarassing, the kids found it fun and entertaining. All and all i give this place a 4 star.
5	Took the fam. Wasn't busy. Got seated right away. Not a huge seafood fan, but the kiddos wanted to go. Service was great. Got the fish and chips. Three nice sized pieces of fish. Fries were soggy, but that's because I drenched them in vinegar and salt. Yum. Asked for extra tartar sauce and actually received enough! My daughter got the steak. Youngest got the steam pot kids meal, and my wife and other son split another full-size steam pot. Good all the way around. Will definitely be back.
4	Went here months ago, but only rated it now, because I was cleaning out a piece of luggage and found the business card from an Assistant General Manager, Paul L.So, I dropped in for lunch while in LV for a business trip.  Basically I wanted seafood at a reasonable price, where I didn't have to drive back to the casino, deal with the crowds, or navigate the casino to get to a dining area.Food's pretty good.  I mean, it's a chain restaurant, so don't expect anything that's off the charts.  However, the service was good, the staff was courteous, and I wasn't rushed, even though I was just a single guy dining there.Overall, if I were in the area again, I would definitely drop in again.
4	Incredible Dungess crab and their steak is delicous. Great place for a Friday night out.
5	We went here because of the hype that was in Hawaii about not having a Joe's Crab Shack in Hawaii. I was curious to see how this place would differ from Red Lobster and other seafood restaurants. It was great! When we arrived, we were quaintly seated in a booth. Our server, Andrea, was the best. She wasn't like some waiters who wanted to be out of there. She genuinely (or at least she had the feeling of) wanted to take care of us and wanted us to have a wonderful time. The array of menu selections seemed to look ordinary and we thought it would be the same as R. Lobster.We ordered the starter appetizer that had the calamari, dip, and poppers. It was delicious. We were all scrambling for the last piece of chip to dip. The courses, though it tasted great to me, wasn't of the best taste to my parents.My mother ordered one of the seafood platters and thought it tasted okay at first. Unfortunately, when she bit into one of her scallops, it was mostly batter and a pebble sized scallop in the middle. My father, though he enjoyed his fresh seafood bucket, felt the "fresh seafood" was lacking. As he ate his crab, he said it tasted overcooked and that it had hardly any meat in it.I, on the other hand, had a great experience. I also had a seafood platter which included the.crab cake, crab stuffed shrimp, onion strips, and fish and chips. The crab cake, stuffed shrimp, and onion strips were delicious, but what amazed me was the fish from the fish and chips. The fish was battered and fried just enough so that it didn't taste like batter. It was also VERY crispy which made it taste even better. That was the best fish I had. While waiting for our meal, the employees engaged in playful dancing that enjoyed everyone at Joe's.Would I go back again? You bet'cha!
3	There was a small 15 min wait for the 6 of us on New Years Eve at 5:30 pm (no big deal)  We get seated and get a fantastic and I do mean FANTASTIC server.  He was an older gentlemen who you could tell right off the bad that he loves his job.  He was informative, funny, friendly and was quite amusing when he suggested a few things on the menu to us. We started off with 2 sampler appetizers which were great.  Some of us then had a cup of lobster bisque or clam chowder.  The soups were ok at best.  They were warm NOT hot, lumpy/thick (and it wasn't because of the filling in the soup).  I ordered the paella (however u spell it) and it had a good amount of seafood in it (mussels,clams,scallops,shrimp topped with crispy calamari) over tomato sauce rice. The rice really wasn't great and was too tomatoey but it was alright, definitely nothin to complain about though. The others said the same thing about their steam pots. It was all good but nothin great.  Dessert was the smores and a HUGE carrot cake. I tasted a little of both and it was good but not something I would typically enjoy. But the others seem to really like it a lot. Would I come back again??? ehhhh... maybe for lunch or appetizers but not for dinner.
2	I went to Joe's the other night with my family. We had a terrible experience. The restaurant was not crowded, but the service was horrendous. We waited for 50 minutes for our food to arrive. I have kids and they grew very restless, waiting for their food. I had to flag down our server inorder for her to check on our table at all. The food, once it arrived, was just mediocre. The kids' meals looked as if they had been frozen and microwaved to heat. I will ever go back to this location, it was a big disappointment.
4	Came twice: once because I had a free kid's meal, once because I had a gift card.I can't deny that I do love the song and dance this place provides as well as the seafood,which I would eat everyday if it didn't cost so damn much.I guess the prices are competitive, but it's still a bit pricey to me, which is why I only go when I have a GC or freebie. Last time I got the steampot with crab, shrimp, sausage, corn, and red potatoes. My kiddo had  a kid version of the same thing and we both enjoyed it much.The only thing is i wish I had enough to take home-for the same price I can go to hash house and have enough for 2-3 meals, but no seafood in it. I hate how expensive seafood is in Las Vegas. This place has cool cocktails, beer on draft, and neat looking decor hanging from the ceiling.Of course I will be back, but I do need a coupon!!
2	Came here on valentines day with a girlfriend. We had to wait over an hour which was expected, I didn't mind. I was just ready to eat! Been here a handful of times and I'm just not a fan of joes crab shack. Feel like seafood? Check out boiling crab or hot n juicy!Anyways while we were waiting a little boy who was with his family went to go ask the hostess how much longer. I believe his family sent him. I went up there to ask how much longer the same time. The hostess( blonde hair, young, and had a nose piercing) was not even acknowledging the people walking up. They had to talk to her. The little boy finally got her attention and ask how much longer. She holds up the two sheets full of names and says this is how many people are waiting. The little boy walks away and tells his family. Mom was furious and speaks to the manager. The hostess heard everything and wasn't too happy. Everyone of her co workers that walked up she told what had happened and even pointed at the lady who complained!I just found it to be very unprofessional and rude. My friend and I both work in a restaurant and there is no way that would have been allowed. I understand it's crazy busy, but that girls behavior was ridiculous. When she called our name, she tells us wow you guys get a booth. That's what you get for being patient. I don't know what she meant by that. Next off the food. Anything fried there is pretty good. I don't eat unhealthy but I figure it valentines day, so wth. My friend and I shared the sampler! It was pretty good. I asked for a Caesar salad sub balsamic dressing on the side. I reminded him twice and it still came out wrong. Our waiter (an older gentleman) knew too but chose not to say anything and I didn't want to complain.  So I ate it. I gave this a low rating because I don't plan on returning,   The food is not that good. And my overall experience was not that great. gosh I'm still shocked on how that hostess reacted.
2	Went in for my first visit last night with a party of 20.  Service was great but the menu consisted of nothing special.  This is one of those restaurants where you know one visit is enough.  Womp, womp.
4	Great place to take the family because of the friendly service.  The food is okay but the portions are small and leave you wanting more.  The lobster tail was too salty and the steak was good, but small.  I like the personal service, but I don't like how small the meals are.  Go to a seafood buffet at The Rio or M Resort.  Their prices might be higher, but at least you eat till you can take no more.  Plus, the crab legs are tasty & plentiful.
2	The food is just not good. The crabs legs are so skinny. I should have gone some where else.
5	We ate here a month or so ago and I can't wait to visit again. It was my first visit and I really enjoyed it.The food was great! Or maybe the Hurricane I had made it seem that way.Prompt and friendly service! Great food! We'll be back soon.
4	Joe's Crab Shack never does wrong. I have been here a few times, and have enjoyed every meal. This particular meal the service was great, as refills were on spot at all times. This time I opted for the Shrimp Trio which consisted of crab stuffed shrimp (YUM), grilled malibu shrimp (served with a unique flavor of sweetness and spice), and coconut shrimp (with a marmalade sauce). The meal came with steamed broccoli as well. As far as the flavor goes, it was amazing! I usually go for a pot of crab but was feeling on the lazy side. Everything from service, to food, to atmosphere was great. I recommend this place to families and friends that are looking for a good catch from the ordinary.
3	Food was good service was slow I don't know why there was only 5 tables being served.
5	This was my first time eating at a Joe's Crab Shack.  We went for dinner at about 5:30 and it wasn't too crowded.  The service was great and our waitress was friendly and on the money.  I had the Samual Adams boil and it was great! I loved the atmosphere and casual feel of the place.  Will definitely eat there again!
4	Haven't been here in a loooooong time, mostly because, you know, the fried food thing...not that they only fry all their food, only the good stuff like fried shrimp, fried coconut shrimp, french fries, fried crab cakes, fried beer...yeah pretty much that. This was the first time sampling one of the 'pots' and I was impressed. Plenty of steamed and seasoned goodness of crab, corn, shrimp, potatoes and andouille sausage. Service was good despite, and I'm not kidding, an unexpected group of over 100 in the same room. Good times and good food. Cheers
4	Food and friends. Doesn't get better than this
1	Where do I start?? Ive been to several JCS's in the past but this one put such a bad taste in my mouth, I wont be visiting any of them, anytime soon.First, I wanna say it wasnt busy for a Saturday night but by the way are waitress "Britanny" was acting, you would think a tourist bus just pulled up.The 3 of us ordered cocktails and appetizers first, well the food came first, delivered by another person and cocktail arrived about 15 minutes after the appetizers.We then ordered 3 entrees thru Britanny and 2 entrees got delivered, I asked the food carrier where's his entree and she looked very confused and said, let me go check. Fifteen minutes later his food arrived, needless to say we were all pretty mad by then. We also asked  for extra garlic bread, well that was silly, we were done with are entrees by the time it came. Through this whole ordeal we only saw Britanny 2 times, she gets a "F" in are book.The manager heard are complaints and understood, discounted are bill and gave us a couple of appetizer coupons, not sure we will be going back.
1	9/18/2013Had dinner at Joe's Crab Shack, 5:00 PM.Ordered shrimp bucket COLD, got hot.Ordered Salad with BALSAMIC  VINEGARETTE , Got THOUSAND ISLAND.ORDERED Fish and Shrimp, got nasty old fish. Ordered Dungeness Crab, must have been shipped at least a month ago.Manager came to table holding her stomach like she had some real pain. Did the typical,  will make it right, but to late.This was the worst $70.00 dollars I spent in a long time.
1	I am not a mean person but I will be painfully honest. My wife and I were severely disappointed with the food. To be fair, I am not a fan of crab legs but my wife enjoys them and has been dropping hints for me to take her to Joe's on our next night out to dine. I ordered the fish and chips. The batter was too thick and the fish was clearly frozen and tasted bland at best. Thank goodness for the malt vinegar to allow some flavor to be included in the dish. My wife ordered a pot(?) of cajun flavored crab legs. They arrived in a shallow pan (of sorts)  and served in a plastic mesh bag.  An unacceptably tiny, red potato and a few shrimp were in the bag as well. All of the items appeared to be cooked together and then the bag was cut open before it was brought to the table.  The crab was too salty to eat. My wife was being polite and explained to the waitress that it was too salty to eat and she would take it home and rinse the salt off so she could eat her meal at home. The service was exceptional and if you enjoy doing the "macarena" mid meal, and you aren't bothered by tasteless cuisine then you probably would enjoy the dining experience. Eating at Joes is equivalent to an adult Chuck E Cheese.  I will never return.The waitress brought  a card for a free appetizer. We decided to leave the crab and the "sorry we screwed up" card on the table and left.  We stopped for a taco at a fast food establishment on our way home and sadly, we were more satisfied.
2	Have visited several JCS over the years in many cities, but this is by FAR the worst as far as the food is concerned.I have great balls of fire for appetizer, HORRIBLE to say the least! They were so dry and overcooked. I asked my waitress for a fresh batch, but she tried to tell me that's how they were suppose to be (as if it were my first time having them).My crab legs were small and tasted watery. I couldn't believe how bad all my food was there!I can't believe the cook is employed there! WRONG COOK! He doesn't have a clue of what he is doing. I will not return to this location.....
1	We came there last night, Oct. 22, 2013. I did so much errands all day and I decided to come here and eat dinner with my friend. I live in Summerlin Area far away from home. I was very unhappy. First, I wanted our Server to come and say hello or something. We were seated for at least 10 to 15 minutes and I was aggravated because nobody came. I decided to ask for service. The waiter came. I was a little upset with him. I needed service and he was not there. I waited for my hot tea for a while also. The room was empty. Maybe a few tables.My point is, when I go out to dinner, please say hello. Your guest needs to be acknowledge and seen by saying Good Evening or How are tonight! That makes guest feels special. At least I know you will be servicing soon. Do not totally ignore your guest.I felt bad for my behavior last night but I was very hungry. Sometimes people spend more money that way when they come in hungry. And that's what I did last night.My first experience is bad enough. I will never come back to your restaurant again. I'm sorry but if I decide to eat Crab Legs again, I will go to my regular restaurant. Hush Puppies is the best Crab Legs ever. Thank you.Music is so loud and not my type.
2	Over-priced. Over-cooked. Over-staffed.  This was my first and last time visiting a Joe's Crab Shack.  The food itself was barely edible. I ordered a Sam Adams Steam Pot.  My lobster was over-cooked, and the clams included were about the size of a nickel. Laughable.  My fiance ordered the KJ Steampot. This was appealing being scallop lovers, and the scallops pictured on the menu looked quite large and terrific. However, those were not the scallops we received. The scallops we received were rubbery, and about the size of a quarter. How they were picturedhttp://imagizer.imageshack.us/v2/800x600q90/843/47cv.jpgWhat we receivedhttp://imagizer.imageshack.us/v2/800x600q90/855/q0n7.jpgThe entire time we were there, the wait staff was just awkwardly standing around. It was about 7pm. Dinner time, and we were only one of about 3 tables being serviced. Despite the place being over-staffed, it took the food forever to come out. After this experience I will not be returning, and I would advise anyone else to stay away as well.
5	Their crab and shrimp is good. I like to get the crab with spicy boil. Prices are reasonable. Service seems consistently solid.
2	DO NOT EAT HERE! AFTER I ATE HERE ABOUT 20 MINUTES AFTER I HAD THE RUNS! FOOD WAS AWEFUL, OLD AND DISAPPOINTING! The restaurant was empty on a Wed. 10 o'clock PM. Our server was nice, (Chase), knowlegable, however when we complained about the corn it was raw. Chase, explained that it was a different type of corn so they stay firmer when cooked...I never heard of a certain corn that when cooked tasted and felt like RAW CORN when bitten into it. That is a LIE. Later in the conversation he offered to exchange it for another side, we declined. We ordered a Steampot, 2 Lobsters, sausage, 6 shrimps and a pound of clams, 5 Alarm Hurricane Margarita, a captains kid meal. Our meal was horrible! We ate what we could and brought the rest for our dogs to eat since I paid for it. What a waste of money! Your restaurant cooks seafood all day long, how do you get it wrong, your chefs need to be retrained to know that seafood cooks quick and it is imperitive to keep an eye on seafood if cooked too long it becomes RUBBERY! My 19 month old son did not want to eat his food, which was unusual, because he is an eater. So I tried his food horrible the a 1 small piece of fish, OVERFRIED! (The piece of fish was around 2 1/2 inches in length maybe 3 inches at the most.) It seemed like the fish had been refried. Old fish. I was totally disappointed. I did not speak to the manager, it's obvious that it wouldn't have helped to tell anyone. Since the manager must be CLUELESS, the atmosphere was sad. This is probably the worst seafood I have had ever.The service was not attentive, when asked for a little time to look at the menu I timed him waiting 10 minutes before I looked for him and found him NO where to be found. Waited 5 more min. He was in the kitchen. I finally had to bother the bartender by eye contact only, unlike the others he was doing his job and the servers as well. When the place is empty I expect for the wait staff/server to PAY attention to the 1 customer that he has. I asked for the server for more tartar sauce for my son, (19 months old, he can't speak yet.) Chase brought after I asked a second time. My son tried it and pushed it aside and kept using the empty tartar that he had?! So I told him it's the same thing, and pushed it back to him...but he didn't use it! Puzzled I dipped my finger in the "tartar" sauce Chase had brought and to my surprise it was Blu cheese dressing! :0( I feel so cheated I think I spent $60.00 on crappy rubbery lobsters. I will be YELPING THIS BECAUSE SEAFOOD CHAINS LIKE YOURS SHOULD BE EXPERTS AT COOKING SEAFOOD!*SERGIO the GM called me quick 30 Min. after I posted this review. He apoligized and offered a free meal for our next visit, I told him I will not return, but I feel I deserve my money back. He said he would return my money and asked politely to please give them another chance. He also said to give him a call and let him improve on our next experience. I will go visit again but I do not wanting special treatment, "I just want good food with good service in a timely manner" "THAT'S ALL CUSTOMERS WANT" I just want to thank you very much for your service Sergio, as the GM you did the right thing.
5	Every trip to Vegas we stop by this Joe's Crab Shack  the food is good with the service to match plus the wait is never long. Their best waitress in my opinion is Andrea, her attention to detail and impeccable memory is impressive for example she remembered us our EXACT order and even the location we sat in the last time she served us over 3months apart.. if you're big on customer service Eat at this Joe's!
2	What a waste of money! Had the Classic Steampot, the shrimp were small and just wasn't worth the money. Service was good
4	I've eaten here a few time, I love the Southern Stuffed Shrimp, the best! It has a little kick to it! For appetizers this time we got the Crispy Calamari which was delish as well as the Mozzarella Sticks. I enjoyed a Rita :) and the kids enjoyed their Beach Sliders and Simply Salmon as well as they enjoyed the Kids Sand Box!
1	Wife and I went there last week for lunch.  Ordered the Classic Bucket for two.  Our waiter was Derek who was great - friendly,  helpful and attentive. When the food arrived and we started - major letdown.  Since we had the double order, we asked for one King and one 'Queen'.  Couldn't tell the difference,  both were the same and were too small for what was called 'King'.  We eat crab quite often, so are not unfamiliar with good crab. The crab had been frozen too long - the shells were soft; meat was shrunk and taste was bland.  Same thing with the corn.  Too bad - portions were good but overall quality a big disappointment.   Too many other good crab places within  Las Vegas area for your dollars. Last year we went to a Joe's Crab Shack in Laughlin Golden Nugget where everything was much better quality.  We won't be back at this Rainbow location.
1	Worst dinning experience ever. Management put the whole restaurant in danger by not handling properly an argument between 2 booths. As a Manager, you should worry more about the big scenario. Your concern about having the 2 checks from those tables only had the result of having an entire restaurant angry.You let the issue escalate from a single misunderstanding to what it seemed like a talk show fight. Managers did a terrible job. Been coming to this restaurant for years solely for the crab buquets, but Def not coming back at all
5	I love the service at this place, and of course the food. They always try so hard to make you happy, it's pretty impressive. One thing, I wish they had more appetizers on their menu. Ordered Joe's Classic Steampot last time, was not disappointed.
2	The food sucked. We left extremely unsatisfied, especially considering that we were super hungry coming in (it wouldn't have taken much to please us). Paid $55 for a meal we didn't finish. Did I mention I was super starving?Ordered the garlicky butter bake because my boyfriend loves garlic. Turned out to be a disaster. The dish came out much smaller than expected (unlike the picture shown).  The lobster wasn't cleaned, had no flavor, and the meat was way too soft and fell apart. The one small cluster of snow crab legs we got was missing a leg. The corn was bland. The mussels weren't good, either. The garlic flavor leaned towards bitterness... The garlic bread was okay though. Also got the skillet paella. It mostly tasted like tomatoes, even with the seafood in it. The worst part was broken pieces of mussel shells were scattered throughout. Unappealing and unappetizing. Like the garlicky butter bake, the best part of the dish was the two pieces of garlic bread (which wasn't even that great).We were actually here sometime last year and the food wasn't so bad then. I don't know if they changed chefs or what, but it's safe to say that we definitely won't be returning here anytime soon. I'm only giving two stars because service was pretty decent -even though they didn't ask us how our food was. I guess they already knew the answer.
5	Fun, kid friendly atmosphere!Service was fantastic from the moment we walked in, and they were quite busy too.Great Balls of Fire are AMAZEBALLS!!My daughter had the Dixie chicken salad which she said was fabulous.Got Crabs??
2	It was alright, but for the amount they give you it is really too pricey.  Was expecting more for my buck... I was expecting a lot more then what I hot... really disappointed. Customer service was good, but didn't cover the fact that I was still hungry after ordering what was supposed to be a pot of crab, when they stuffed it with crap, to make it look like a lot. Never going again.
3	Why did I rate Joe's Crab Shack 3 stars when I rated In-N-Out Burger 4 stars in my last review? Interesting since Joe's Crab Shack is a casual dining restaurant that I get to visit once in awhile as a treat whereas In-N-Out Burger is a fast food establishment that I would normally dine in. The answer is employee enthusiasm. When I spend $6 in In-N-Out, the employees greet me with enthusiasm. However, when I spent $23 in Joe's Crab Shack you could kind of say the waitress was like a crab. The waitress wasn't nasty or bad at her job. She gave me the impression that she didn't want to be there. When I write reviews, I push on customer service and cheerful employees. Attitude could make or break my ratings.  The fact that I was disappointed in the waitress's friendliness shouldn't have been. When I originally set foot in a Joe's Crab Shack in Orlando, Florida the restaurant was overflowing with a good times vibe. All the employees were friendly and at the top of the hour they'd dance. Enjoying an upbeat atmosphere over tasty seafood was my kind of scene. Joe's Crab Shack had a name for good times and seafood. It was a name that would draw me into a Joe's Crab Shack on vacation. When I moved to Las Vegas, the Henderson location lived up to the name. But in life things happened and Joe's Crab Shack disappeared from my life. On Sunday, when my brother and I were hanging out in Barnes & Noble, I was like, "Joe's Crab Shack is a block away on Rainbow. Let's try it."  When we stepped foot in the restaurant,  which also sells gifts by the way; it was sparsely populated for a Sunday late afternoon. The hostess was friendly. If the waitress had had the hostess' s attitude this review would of taken a different tone.  I ordered the Big Shrimp combo. The dish featured coconut shrimp, fried shrimp, and stuffed crab shrimp with fries and cole slaw. Over the years the menu must of changed. It wouldn't be surprising since the personality of Joe's Crab Shack had. Kind of like the waitress' s attitude, the Big Shrimp combo leaves me unenthusiastic. Why? Two of the three types of shrimp were breaded. Breaded shrimp reminds me of Mrs. Paul's. And I could just walk into aisle 2 of Walmart to pick it up. Now the stuffed crab shrimp was delicious. The thing is it was tiny in proportion to the breaded shrimps and fries. In my honest opinion, Joe's Crab Shack would have been smart to follow Red Lobster's example of giving a choice of shrimps and less breaded shrimp. For the record, the fries and cole slaw was delicious. When all is said and done, the Big Shrimp Combo with a Coke and tip wasn't worth $23.    Dining out is precious. I work hard for my money and deserve to eat in a restaurant where the waitress wants to be. In reality, it will be at least 6 months until I patronize this location. Red Lobster, Bubba Gump, and lets face it In-N-Out Burger are better choices.
4	Came here for the first time during lunch. Someone suggested it and I'm not sure why I've never been here before. The service is very friendly. The host and our server came with a smile. We ordered the steam pots on the menu. The crab legs, lobster, and clams are flavorful and delicious. The shrimp was okay in my opinion. Comes with potatoes, corn, and sausage. I'm a seafood lover so I enjoyed my meal. Would come here again.
4	Excellent for seafood but I'm not a seafood person but do have other food that's very good to & they are very fast
5	Jacque was great and very attentive.  We sat outside with a cool breeze on us.  Our meals were very delicious and filling. Convenient off the freeway. The entire wait staff seemed like they enjoyed being there. We'll be back again for sure.
3	I was excited to come to this restaurant as I only heard good things about this food chain. However, it was utterly disappointing. I am not sure if they just had a lot of bad servers that night or just decided to train everybody in the middle of the week but the service was horrible. Right when we walked in the door we noticed it wasn't busy at all. We knew we would be seated immediately. We were not even greeted warmly. The host were too busy having a conversation to want to help us right away let alone even take time to notice us. After coming to seat us they were confused as to where to put us. Finally they decided to put us in a booth in the center of the restaurant. We didn't even meet our server until 15 minutes after sitting down. She brought us menu's and took over drink/appetizer orders but we didn't get our drinks until 10 minutes later. Our appetizer went to another table luckily she figured it out before they started digging into it. We ordered our meal and it came to us in a typically time frame (about 25-30 min). The food itself was good however the portion that came in the steamer somewhat shocked me. It wasn't as much as I thought I would get. I ordered 1 1/4 lb queen crab. It was maybe 2 small crabs. Nonetheless, it was good the service was just terrible,It took our waitress too long in between for her to check on us, take our orders, bring us our check or even refill drinks. I never got a drink refill, and my boyfriend only got 1. I would never eat there again, at least not at this location.
4	As always food was great Derek was excellent server suggesting many items and we got in on the happy hour today Drinks we had a Hurricane  delicious in fact we had a couple each  ..appetizers was only ,$5.00 each so we had a couple of them .but the crab combo was to die for. Really good
1	This was my first visit to Joe's Crab Shack.  What a disappointment!  First our food took over 30 minutes to get to our table.  I asked for A-1 steak sauce at the time I ordered then again when our food arrived.  Never saw it.  Matter of fact our waitress disappeared the minute our food hit the table.  Never saw my A-1 steak sauce, never got refills on our drinks, never were asked how we were doing.  We did not see our waitress named Jacque until we were done.  When we brought all this to her attention, she just stared at us.  When we asked if she could do something with our bill to make up for our bad experience, again she just stared at us.  I will certainly pass on my experience to friends and obviously will not return.
4	You know...I have no idea why I eat crab legs in the first place. The work necessary to attain the amount of usable sustenance, just makes me cry.But my wife actually enjoys using those miniature forks, and digging the crab meat out of those things. For me, it's tortureHowever, this place has good service, good food (once you salvage it), and is well-lighted (which is good considering you have to work with tools in order to eat.)The prices are reasonable, as well.My only complaint about this particular place, was the incredibly loud music.We were only one of four couples in there, and I could not hear my wife who was just sitting across the table from me (normally that's a good thing, but there was no TV for me to watch, as is the usual routine.)But here is where they lose the star: We asked them if they could possibly turn down the music a little (keep in mind that it was intensely loud), and they said that they could not.The waitress explained as to why not, but I could not hear her explanation due to the loud music.Maybe it's just me, but when I eat lunch in a restaurant, not being able to converse at the table, doesn't make a whole lot of sense.
1	Good food average service tonight with a stuck up bartender. Another bartender who left early was awesome.
2	Ehhhhh I think Joe's has gone downhill in the last few years. I don't think I have had a great experience at a Joe's in a long while and by a while I mean at least 3 years maybe even longer and it used to be great. Well first off the food was not fresh or hot like it should be. They have a great selection but it just isn't good food at all. I think you can get fresher fish at a Long John silvers. The steam pots ate good, I have had better though! Prices are high considering the quality. The drinks tasted watered down and are way over priced. Service was OK had to wait at times for way to long. They were polite but just not attentive. Won't be back unless I hear they make some changes!
5	Good food. The server was very helpful. He was a bar tender too so double duty. Did a good job. It was very cool for the manager to introduce himself and ask about the service we were getting. This is our second time here. Good place
2	It was okay don't like the high prices and I didn't even get a lobster bucket. The people were really nice I just didn't like the manger. Also the alcohols drinks are not that good it's more fruits juice then alcohol. I rather go to boiling crab any day . Sorry
2	I'm gonna give this only 2 stars BC the service seems to always be slow. I keep saying to my self we will never go back but we have been coming here since my oldest was 4 and today she is 14. The server was all over the place but she was good I guess. Food was pretty good. A few new items on the menu.
2	How to begin this review - I'm at a loss.My expectations of these national chains of family restaurants must be too high, because I am consistently disappointed with them.  Joe's Crab Shack is no exception.My grandson picks Joe's every year for his birthday dinner.  I think it's partly because he walks out of there every year with a handful of plastic sharks, and partly because of the playground.  Whatever the reason, he loves the place and because of that, JCS gets 2 stars instead of one. The service is mediocre at best, the food is edible but flavorless, and the decor looks like it's all been picked out from yard sales.  On this occasion, we waited more than 45 minutes for our food (for a party of 7, that's an excessive amount of time).  One side salad had croutons, two others did not even though they were identical salads.  My daughter in law ordered her meal with the sauce on the side, but it came drenched in the gooey liquid.  When the waitress was told, all we got was a "sorry."  The entree should have been removed from the bill.  I had the Crispy Jumbo Shrimp, and they were anything but crispy or jumbo.  They tasted soggy and bland - fortunately, the cocktail sauce served with them completely muted the flavorless dish.  We also ordered the s'mores dessert, which was pretty tasty.Bottom line: highly overpriced, marginal quality food, and substandard service.  Go somewhere else - you'll be glad that you did.
1	Seriously the worst service I've had at a restaurant in a long time. It wasn't very crowded, so there wasn't really a reason some of the food should have come out before the drinks.  I've been a server and I know very well how hard it can be, but instead of walking be and looking at out empty glasses and not saying anything,  it's simple to acknowledge that you see the empty glasses, and let us know that you will come back and refill the drinks.  The food wasn't terrible though.
